Chuck’s words rang through his mind, from when he and Lucifer shared his vessel. About how the Mark was given to Lucifer because he was the favorite, that Chuck thought he could handle it. Now knowing how it corrupted those who bore it, Castiel frowned deepening.
“…Hi,” Castiel hated how his voice shook. “Um, it’s me… Castiel?”
Not sure who the person was behind the door Castiel opened it. “Hello?”
“Hi, uh,” The guy looked at Castiel confused before backing up to check the address. “I might have the wrong address… uh, does Dean live here?”
As Castiel stood there looking at the mess he had two thoughts. One he should clean that, erase the event the happed and the second he should just pack up and leave.
“No, I came by to drop this off,”
“I’m sorry,” Castiel paused. “I forgot to mention my name. I’m Castiel… what’s your name?”
“Uh, looks like your only about an hour and a half out from here. I’ll send you my address,”
“Cut you off? I heard the rumors, but honestly, I’m surprised you left the family.”
Soon he managed to get the kid into the bath, the small angel playing with the bubbles while Castiel worked on his wings until they were mostly loose. Now to clean them.
“Ow,” The boy whined. “That hurts,”
Slowly and carefully as the dirt and blood, which worried him, came off, Castiel emptied the tub more then a few times and each time promised more bubbles scrubbing the feathers gently as they faded from a dingy reddish-brown into a pink color Cas paused.
Nodding Castiel forced a smile on him and reached out. “Nice to meet you. I’m Dean’s brother. Sam.”
Grabbing some chips, a microwavable burger that he tossed into the store’s microwave he went to get a soda. Once he had his dinner he went to pay and put at least fifty into the car.
“Alright, who should I say left it?”
These thoughts weren’t knowing. Despite how often Dean lost his temper Castiel stayed. Throughout all the fights, all the yelling, the outbursts, and the throwing things.
“Yes, and I’ve heard bubble baths are fun,”
“Need help, right? I’ll be waiting for you and call me when you get here.
“Let’s get you dressed.”
Setting down the fledgling before leaning down so he could be eye level with him. Short blond hair and bright blue eyes. He looked like he was uncomfortable shifted foot to foot.
Now Castiel had to make a choice on what to do.
“The human race has over a seven billion.” Getting a small patch fixed, he got up to grab a washcloth with warm water on it. Going back he continued to work on wondering how this happened. “How did this happen to your wings?”
“Let’s clean your wings alright?” Castiel asked and when the boy nodded he turned him around. “Alright, let me see them.”
Throwing the mallet aside Castiel went back upstairs to the Master bedroom where Dean had been staying. While he was forced into the damn guest room just to feel safe enough to sleep without Dean starting another fight or thinking that after the sad excuse for sorry was enough prompt to have sex and yanked the closet open.
Fastly, and as silent as he could he rushed over to the dresser pushing against it. Tense moments passed until he let out a breath, he had no idea he was holding hearing the squeaks of the floor continue.
No, Castiel could see his Grace and Wings, both of which looked painful matted, caked with mud and what he was sure was blood. Rushing over Castiel leaned down confused.
Looking over to where he was pointing Castiel paused. “It’s a tub. Actually, that might help with your wings. Let me set up the bath.”
Hitting it repeatedly as the thing cracked and broke. The damn 1970s watch that was replaceable about becoming angled. Not feeling any remorse Castiel glared at it.
Less than ten minutes later, Castiel sat in his car having moved into an parking so he could eat and think of what to do. The buzz of the phone made him tense up again. Looking over he reached over swiping ignore on Dean’s name.
“Benny Lafitte.”
In second the creaks, squeaks, and the familiar footsteps were heard going down the hall. Pleading internally for them to keep going Castiel's heart slowly started to speed up, chest tightening when they stopped right outside the door.
Cas felt himself flush again, though now it was for an entirely new, more positive reason. “It would be new for me as well...but I’d enjoy that, Dean.”
“Yes Sir,” Cas answers.
“I’ll bet,” Cas murmurs. “You must have dropped hard after that.”
“Dean, what happened?”
Dean nodded, gripping his chin gently and tilting his head to the side. Cas seemed to get the idea, baring his throat easily, and when Dean looked up he found no trace of fear in the angel’s face. “I’m sorry,” he murmured, bringing the blade up and making a small slice in Cas’ throat, watching as it glowed blue. Despite himself, the angel gasped, and Dean shushed him softly as he held an empty glass vial up to the cut, his free hand shifting to cradle Cas’ cheek. “It’s okay, I got you,” he murmured, watching the grace drain from him. “You’re safe, I’m gonna get you out of here.”
An embarrassing little whine escapes him when Cas removes the bottle, and the angel smiles, rubbing soothing circles over his belly. “I know, but it’s been a long time since you’ve eaten much of anything. If we give you too much you could get sick. But after you rest, if you want it, you can have more.”
Cas nods, thinking it over carefully. “Angel,” he says finally.
"I see.” He pauses. “So why am I doing it?”
"Essentially, it's a claim," he explains. "It means that you are my mate for the rest of eternity." He sits back for a moment, checking over his work before handing the bowl to me. "Your turn." Carefully, I draw similar symbols onto his skin, checking to make sure they match the ones on the paper. He looks them over, giving them an approving nod.
“That’s alright,” Dean murmurs, holding him tight against his chest. “I’m glad you like it so much. Ready to get started?” Cas nods eagerly, and Dean smiles, pulling him in for a soft kiss before he nudges Cas to his feet, leading him down the hall. Cas expects to be led into the playroom, but instead Dean passes the door and goes back into the bathroom. Cas frowns a little, puzzled until he notices the attachment connected to the shower head over the bathtub. He looks to Dean uneasily, who smiles, smoothing a hand down his back. “Okay?” He nods hesitantly. “Just a practicality,” Dean assures him. “Trust me, you’re going to want to be clean for later. I’ll make it as quick and comfortable as possible.” Cas nods, relaxing a little and following Dean’s instructions until he’s on all fours in the bathtub. He takes deep breaths as instructed while Dean adjusts the nozzle, gasping at the sudden feeling of water. The sensation is strange, but the water is comfortably warm, and he relaxes a little as Dean’s fingers stroke through his hair, listening to the soft murmurs of encouragement. Just on the brink of uncomfortable, Dean turns the water off, gently removing the nozzle and ordering him to hold it. He groans at the cramp in his stomach, but Dean’s hands are there, soothing over the protesting muscles. “Good boy,” he murmurs, rubbing circles on his lower back. “So good for me. Just one more minute, okay?”
“Don’t worry about it,” he answers, waving off his apology. Just tell me what we’re dealing…” he trails off as his eyes fall to Cas’ back, and he sucks in a breath. “Holy hell, Dean. You said it was bad, but…my God. What the hell happened?”
Love,
Dean grins. “They live happy ever after?” he asks hopefully.
Dean nodded, following Cas down the hall to his bedroom, suddenly nervous without the distraction of the party. Quietly, he got ready for bed, starting to change. When he glanced back, the former angel was staring at him. “What are you looking at?”
Cas laughs. “You do have a point. He does love a good scheme, but...he wouldn’t do that to you for the sake of a joke.”
“I’d like to meet him one day,” Cas murmurs. “I’d like to thank him for saving your life.” He pauses, thinking. “Do you still sub for him?”
“Thanks. Did I pass out or something?”
Dean frowned. “What possible reason would you two have to want to go to this thing if it’s not to try to make me say I’m gay or something? Which I’m not, by the way.”
“It is,” he answers, nodding. “It’s my favorite story.”
He goes bright red, but there’s a little spark in his gaze. “I believe I would enjoy that very much.”
The sparks of pleasure flowing through my system are amazing, but it still feels like something is missing, and when his hips give a slight roll I think I know what it is. I hesitate for a moment before glancing up at him. “…D-Daddy…?” I say softly. He glances down, not pausing his gentle touches. “May I…make a request? For something I want?”
“Good to know. Are there really formal parties for this sort of thing?” he asks.
-TheSongSmith
“Sounds like fun. I should probably call Gabriel back before he comes to break down my door.”
Dean sighs, considering it for a minute before turning to Gabriel. “If you hurt my brother, I swear they will never find your body.”
I frown, trying to understand what he’s implying. “It is my understanding that birthdays are happy celebrations.”
He looks up at me again. “Really?”
Cas blushes, fidgeting with his fingers in his lap. “Not necessarily…but maybe we could work up to that?”
I shush him softly, holding him tighter. “Don’t be sorry. These are things I want to know about. I don’t want you to suffer in silence and hold onto all this pain. You’re not that same little boy anymore. You have people who can help you let things out now.”
He nods his approval, and I quietly open the box, taking a deep breath and resting my free hand on his arm to keep him steady. At the first brushstroke across his skin he gives a startled gasp, his expression perplexed. “Are you…painting me?” he asks uncertainly.
“You look beautiful, Claire,” Cas says, snapping another picture with his phone.
“Alright. We’ll be right there, okay? Don’t move.” He hangs up, looking to Dean, who still hasn’t moved. “Dean?” he says gently. “Hey. Can you look at me?” He reaches out, lightly touching his cheek, and finally he seems to focus. “There you go. I know you’re scared, but it’s going to be okay. We’re going to go meet Gabriel at the hospital and find out what’s going on, alright?”
“You deserve answers,” I remind him. “Though I agree he may not want to talk about it. Still, it may be good for both of you, if you’re interested in building a better relationship. I hope he can put the past behind him.”
“Of course I would. Cas, it’s not the instrument itself that’s scary. It’s who’s behind it that makes a difference.”
Dean chuckles, running a reassuring hand down Cas’ spine as he moves forward again. “You’re so bossy!” Cas considers the seating arrangement for a moment, perplexed. Beside each low chair is a soft-looking padded square. While some of the collared people in the room kneel there, others sit in chairs or in their partner’s laps. Sensing his confusion, Dean turns, smiling at him. “Up to you,” he murmurs, low enough for only him to hear, before moving to hug and greet each of the others, buying him time to decide.
“Dean, really, it’s alright,” Cas assured him. “I’m here to help. I don't mind doing things that make you feel better. I’m not going to be mad at you just because you got scared and didn’t want to be alone.”
Gabriel turns at his voice, smiling. "Come sit down." Cautiously, I take a seat on the bed, Cas sitting down across from me. He smiles, reaching over my for hands and giving them a reassuring squeeze. "Alright," Gabriel says when we're settled. "Here we go."
I shrug. It’s not the first time our favorite angel has pulled a disappearing act. “He probably just lost his phone again, Dean,” I assure him. “I’m sure Castiel is just fine, wherever he is. But if you’re so worried, why don’t you just pray to him? He always comes when you call.”
He kisses his way back up, then swipes his tongue over one pink nipple. Cas’ back arches up, and he gasps, biting his lip in an effort to stay quiet. “None of that,” Dean murmurs, gently pulling his bottom lip out from between his teeth as he scrapes his own along the sharp jaw. “No hiding from me, Castiel,” he whispers, kissing behind his ear. “I want to hear you. Let go for me, beautiful.” He kisses halfway down Cas’ neck, then sinks his teeth in, biting down firmly and delighting in the loud moan and the mark he knows is going to be there. “Much better,” he teases lightly, moving back down Cas’ chest and licking over a nipple again, letting his teeth scrape over it. A sudden hiss escapes Cas’ lips, but he arches up into the sensation, gasping sharply as Dean bites down. He’s trembling so hard he thinks he might just shake himself into pieces, but muses that there are much worse ways to go than with Dean’s mouth and fingers killing him slowly. “Such a good boy, aren’t you?” he’s murmuring in between the systematic marking of Cas’ collarbone with sharp nips followed by soothing strokes of his tongue. “So fucking good, Castiel. Look at you, all spread out and presented to me. That big, gorgeous cock of yours is so nice and hard for me.” Cas whimpers loudly, feeling his arousal throb desperately at the words, so hard it’s almost painful. “It’s making quite the mess, isn’t it?” Dean teases him, swiping two of his fingers through the puddle forming on Cas’ stomach. “Why don’t you taste, Cas?” he whispers, and suddenly the fingers are at Cas’ lips, and he opens to accept them without question, moaning around them as he suckles obediently. He hears a groan escape Dean’s chest, along with a muffled Fuck, before his lips and teeth are teasing lightly along his inner thighs. He squirms desperately, wanting to cry with how close Dean’s mouth is. “Something you want?” Dean asks, voice low and husky.
When Dean wakes up, Cas is in the same position, spread out on top of him. He can’t complain, really, because it gives him a fantastic view of everything. He smiles, lightly running his fingers over Cas’ skin, watching him stir. He lets one hand drift over his firm ass, teasing lightly at his entrance and chuckling as Cas moans in his sleep. Grinning, he reaches over to the nightstand to retrieve the bottle of lube, carefully coating his finger before returning to his light, teasing strokes. Cas remains asleep, moaning and sighing occasionally, only waking when Dean slowly presses into him, with a gasp followed closely by a loud moan, his hips pressing back against Dean’s finger. Dean chuckles, his free hand wrapping around his waist to steady him as he starts a gentle rhythm, more of a caress than a thrust. “Good morning gorgeous,” he murmurs.
Dean laughs breathlessly, leaning in to press their lips together softly. “Oh God, I love you so much,” he murmurs, his free hand finding Cas’ own erection and running his thumb over the head, chuckling at his gasp. “But we should probably postpone the make-up sex until you’re feeling better.”
He settled the boy in bed, and Dean returned from checking the house, locking the bedroom door behind him. “Okay, all the doors and windows are locked, and alarms are set.” He climbed into bed, smiling as Ben curled up against him. “Sweet dreams, buddy, love you.”
Dean nods. “Yeah. We’re good.”
“Nothing,” he says quickly, digging a stack of papers out. “Just logistics.”
I nod, letting myself fall back against him and burying my face against his chest. His arms lock tight around me, and immediately my heartbeat starts to slow down. “Sorry,” I mutter.
Benny smiles. “The good news is, between the two of us we managed to back him down from the ledge before he worked himself into a panic. You kept him grounded this whole time. That’s a pretty big accomplishment.”
He laughs, kissing me hard again. “Yes, Dean. I would love to marry you. On one condition.”
Dean sighs, nodding and closing his eyes for a minute. “Sorry,” he mutters. “I’m just…kind of sensitive about that stuff.”
TheSongSmith
“Nothing you don’t want to,” Dean assures him quickly. “No one will touch you without permission, and we’re not putting on a show. It’ll just be some like-minded people getting together for drinks. Except, you know, some of them will be accompanied by other people on leashes.”
“It’s okay,” Dean answers. “I know you were just worried.” He glances over at Sam, who’s thinking in silence. “Sammy?” he asks cautiously.
He chuckles. "I love it. It's...very you. Does it hurt?"
“Yeah, tell me about it,” I murmur. “I don’t know what it is, Sammy, but he’s…he’s it for me. You said it yourself; I’m different since he came along.”
“Hmm, well that’s an idea. Come on. The couch is not the place for this.”
Dean considered it for a moment, smiling slightly. “Actually? Pretty good.”
My hand finds the edge of his arm where it rests over my chest, and I grip it hard as I squeeze my eyes shut, trying to stay focused on the warmth pressed against my back. “O-Okay…”
I smile, pretending to consider it for a moment. “Then I suppose I should accept responsibility for that,” I tease him. “Let me give you my most sincere apologies.”
Dean chuckles, running a hand through his hair lightly and starting to stroke again, grinning at Cas’ gasp. “Cheeky little thing, aren’t you? That’s twice you’ve cum now. And so strongly too. My poor boy’s been deprived. But I still think you have a few more left in you.”
“Nothing,” I answer, frowning at the book. “You’d think something like this would be more common.”
He snorts, shaking his head. “I said, I don’t have to be someone else to make anyone happy. You big sap.”
“Hey Benny?” Cas says before he leaves. “Dean was telling me about your party. I was kinda wondering…do you…think I could handle it?”
I nod, and he attaches it to the cuffs at my ankles, then bends my knees and attaches my wrists to my ankles. The whole effect leaves me almost bent in half, but seems to hide all the sexy parts. “Sir?” I ask softly, puzzled.
Cas nods, brushing his hair back lightly. "I understand, Perhaps, when you're ready, we could go together? At least to retrieve your belongings, if nothing else."
“From Sam and Dean,” he admits. “They’ve been faced with so many things, but they’ve never stopped loving each other, no matter what happens. I felt it, just for a moment, when I pulled Dean from hell. It was faint, just a flicker, mixed in among everything else, but it was there. He wanted to go back to Sam. It was so strange, and once I’d felt it, I couldn’t put it aside. I suppose that’s what all this started. It’s taken a while, but I think I’ve grasped it.” I exchange a glance with Dean, who shrugs, clearly never having heard this before.
Cas groaned quietly, hugging him closer as he chuckled. “A year,” he mused after a moment. “A year ago today is the day I found you.”
rumbling out of his chest with his final, jerky thrust.
Very slowly, Dean shifts again, moving until he’s close enough to feel Cas’ warmth. He watches with wide eyes when Cas slowly lifts a hand, settling it lightly on his cheek, and though he flinches and gasps, he leans into the touch. “What about…now?” he asks shakily.
He nods again, his eyes closing as he tries to calm himself down. He jumps a little every time our wings brush together, but it seems to help. At the very least, he’s breathing properly again. After a couple of minutes he relaxes slightly, and the desperate movements of his wings calm, despite the fact that his grip on me remains tight. “Any ideas?” he whispers finally.
I’m rewarded with another finger sliding in beside the first, and I hiss at the stretch. “That’s my good boy,” Cas is murmuring, his free hand stroking lightly down my chest and abdomen, and I purr at the praise. “Breathe.” He works them in deeper, and soon my arms are shaking with the effort of holding myself up. He must notice, because he chuckles softly, pushing down lightly between my shoulders again until I slip down to my elbows, which has the added effect of raising my ass higher and gives me an idea of what Cas meant by “presenting”. I whimper softly as his fingers scissor apart, gently stretching me open. “So good for me. Just relax, Dean. This is a reward.”
I chuckle. “At the risk of inflating your ego, I mean I’ve never known anyone who can drive me crazy with one look. That shit you pulled earlier with the video? I’ve never met someone who can make me speechless so easily.”
He nods slowly, kissing over the scar gently. “You never asked me to tell you what happened,” he says after a minute.
I chuckle softly. “Cas, I am happy. I have you. Don’t worry about that, okay? Just…let me deal with it.”
A familiar wave of panic rises up in my chest, and I shake my head quickly. “Yellow…”
“Nothing exciting,” Dean hummed. “Just thinking...”
“I’m not going to hurt you,” he’s murmuring, so close to Cas’ ear that his hot breath makes him shiver. “Not in any way you don’t like.” Cas can hear the smirk in his voice. “I know you want this,” he continues, his thumb stroking absently against the pulse in Cas’ neck, which suddenly picks up again. “And I also know you’re uncomfortable accepting that.” Slowly, he shifts around until he’s back in Castiel’s view. “You need help letting go. That’s what I’m here for. You can pull away if you want, and never see me again, and I won’t stop you. Or you can take a deep breath, relax, and let me help. You can trust me. It’s up to you.”
I grin. “Not the first time I’ve been tied to a chair. Probably not the last either, but I’ve never liked it so much before. If I get hard the next some monster ties me up, that’s on you.”
Dean hums in agreement, nuzzling closer as the little spark of grace flowed through him, banishing the mess. He lets his eyes close, basking in the feeling of Cas’ arms around him for a long while. “Hey Cas?” he murmurs finally, not bothering to pick his head up from where it’s nestled against the angel’s throat. “Why do you do this?”
I glance down, pulling at the ropes to test the bonds. “Not too tight, but I’m not going anywhere. It’s actually…kind of pretty.”
“He’s breathing,” I answer. “But as far as okay…did you see the way he looked at me? And his reaction when I tried to touch him…What are we gonna do, Sammy? How did things even get this bad in a couple of hours?”
He nods thoughtfully, as if this has never occurred to him before. “Like what?”
“Don’t worry, baby,” Cas laughs, kissing him softly. “We’re just waiting to make your big introduction, remember?”
I frown, hugging him tighter. “I wouldn’t. I’m never leaving you.” He smiles, kissing my cheek. “So that was his goal in making you think I was hurting you. He wanted to make you afraid of me so you’d leave.”
Cas nods, bracing himself against the walls of the tub as Dean scoops up water in a cup, carefully pouring it down over his shoulder blade. His breath comes out in a soft hiss, and Dean pauses. “I’m okay, I promise,” he assures him. “It does sting, but keep going.”
Dean shrugged slightly, squeezing his hand lightly where their fingers tangled together on top of the blankets. “We’ve got time.”
Dean chuckles, leaning in to kiss him softly. “You worry too much. I’m fine, honey. If I thought I couldn’t handle it I wouldn’t do it. Besides, Benny is here to help. We’re about as safe as it gets.”
Even if he could remember a phone number, Dean doubted anyone would pick up, or would want him around, so he shook his head. He hesitated for a moment, and Cas waited patiently as he wrote.
There’s a soft knock on the door before Benny enters, carrying paper bags and a tray of cups. “Morning boys. I come bearing coffee.”
“Understand what?” he asks.
“Well you certainly look like you’re feeling better. I don’t think I’ve ever seen you so relaxed. Was a back rub all you needed to get the stick out of your ass?” he teases.
He sighs softly, looking down at the table. “Look, I...I know you don’t trust me. You have no reason to. But I...I don’t want to lose you, Dean. Either of you. If you’ll give me the chance, I...I really want to fix what I’ve done, to both of you. And I can say I’m sorry, but...you deserve better than that. I need to know what I did, so my apology means something. I want to do better.”
TheSongSmith
Benny chuckles, ruffling his hair lightly. “Well, you don’t have to. I’m here for both of you,
He laughs, nudging my legs apart until he can sit between my thighs, massaging them lightly. “Me? What about you? I’m the one who woke up to a surprise blowjob.”
Cas nods. “Alright, but you have to promise that if we try something and you do have a problem you have to tell me.”
He grins. “Anything I want.” He pauses, leaning up to kiss me softly. “Do you trust me Dean?”
“Well then,” Cas chuckled, “I suppose my mediocre cooking skills will suffice.” They eat quietly for a while before Cas cleared his throat softly. “So, I was thinking, once we finish breakfast I’d like to check on your injuries. Would that be okay?”
Cas chuckles, shushing me softly and kissing the top of my head as he pulls the blankets back over us both. “Relax. I’ve got you now. Sweet dreams, Dean. I’m not going anywhere.”
I grin. “You know, you still have to try what I did the other day. You know, so we can determine the importance and whatnot?”
“Okay,” Cas said, smiling back. “Then it’s a plan. Ready to try sleeping again? Charlie will be here pretty early.”
Cas shivers. “Please Sir…”
I hesitate, considering my answer carefully. “No. I mean, that’s not it. It’s that I do, but I don’t…quite know what to do. Angels don’t…do that like humans do. They don’t…hug or hold hands or experience much in the way of physical touch. But I’ve noticed, since I’ve been here, that I seem to…enjoy it. And worse, that I think I want it like I never have before. But these feelings…they’re so new. It’s.…strange.”
The angel’s frown only deepens, and he glances down to the knife, alarmed. Well, as alarmed as he ever got, which, if Dean’s memory serves, isn’t very. “Dean, what are you talking about? I must insist you put the knife down.” Dean only blinks up at him, the same soft, dazed smile on his face, and finally Cas reaches out to pull the knife from his grip, a move that Dean doesn’t fight, but which does make him frown.
He cracks a small smile, nodding and kissing my cheek softly. “Thanks for calming me down.”
Dean hesitated, shrugging slightly. “Me, probably. I just...It hit me that...I don’t really know how to do this. I’ve tried to avoid relationships my entire life, because...they don’t usually end well for me. And I want this with Cas, but...I started thinking about how, once we figure out how to give him his grace back...there’s nothing keeping him from leaving. I mean, why would he ever choose me when he has the option to pick someone better? He could pick
“It has, though I think we both know whose fault that is.”
“You wouldn’t hurt me,” Dean answers.
“Huh,” Dean murmured, nodding slightly. “I guess I never thought about it that way. But...thanks. I’m really glad you’re a part of the family now.”
The older man nods, turning to rummage in his bag. “Actually, yes. I did a little digging.” He pulls out a picture, sliding it across the table. “That look like our guy, Cas?”
“I sure hope not. Only one way to find out.” He nods, and suddenly we’re back in the bunker. Sam jumps a little at our sudden appearance, his eyes zeroing in on our linked hands. “Uh…hey,” I start.
“Dude, do you ever clean this thing out?” Sam asks while he and Dean both have their heads in the trunk of the Impala. Dean has decided that the trunk needs to be reorganized, despite the fact that he keeps it meticulous, and has roped Sam and I into helping. Well, mostly Sam. But it’s still fun to watch them together.
I nod, picking up the toy and hugging it. It is sort of comforting, which I’m chalking up to being zapped back into myself not too long ago. Cas hugs me tighter, kissing my forehead softly. “Cas?” I say after a minute, “I keep seeing it. I…think it’s going to take a little more to get past this one.”
Dean pulls back just enough to answer, his finger continuing to push and massage against Cas’ hole. “Such a good boy, asking me for permission. You can cum as many times as you want today. In fact, I’m not going to stop making you cum until you beg me to.” He spreads Cas’ cheeks wide, and the moment his tongue moves over his entrance Cas is screaming. As the first waves overtake him, Dean grips the end of the string of beads, pulling them out in quick succession and prolonging his orgasm.
“I don’t know, Sammy. He says they ‘remember’ me.”
Dean laughed, nodding. “Yeah, I know what you mean. I’m kinda glad of that too. I have no idea what I’m supposed to do now.”
He laughs, nodding. “Well I think we can handle that much.” They spread out on the floor to eat, and Cas ends up pressed against Dean on one side with Kevin leaning into the other. He can’t help but like the shy young sub, eventually putting an arm around his shoulders, something about the quiet, witty boy making him want to be protective. Dean gives him an approving smile, kissing his cheek softly.
I nod. “Okay, but…what does it feel like? Why is it unusual?”
I find myself immensely grateful that Cas thought to do this, because between the heat of the water and the solid grip of his hand around mine, my nerves almost disappear. He hums softly for a few minutes while I relax against him, kissing my shoulder softly. "It's weird," I murmur softly.
I smile, brushing his hair back. “An angel. He was sent down to rescue the man.”
He watches me for a moment with an almost amused expression before leaning in to kiss me again. “So you’re just not going to…until I say yes? Isn’t that hard?”
Dean whines, frowning at him. “Okay, fine. Why don’t you and Gabriel talk to the police, and Cas and I will see if the principal knows anything?” They agree, and I follow him back to the car, watching him curiously. He glances over, raising an eyebrow. “What?”
“I just don’t get how you can be so calm about this!” Dean protests.
He smiles slightly, pressing closer. “Kiss me?”
I consider it for a moment. The sensation is strange, walking the line between pleasurable and uncomfortable, and I groan as it gets hotter. “No, it’s okay. Weird, though.”
“Yeah,” Sam murmurs, blushing. “Yeah, that’s...okay.” I nod, stroking through the feathers methodically as Gabriel starts to do the same on his end. Slowly, Sam starts to relax, closing his eyes as his wings push closer. “It’s...kind of good, actually...just...weird.”
Dean hesitates. “Um…Well on the bright side, you’ll get to hang out with us for a while.”
“Yeah, of course we are,” I assure him.
“It is a bit jarring at times. I do find myself relating to one term in particular, more than the others.” Cas paused, reaching into the nightstand on his side of the bed and coming back with a small flag, the yellow, white, purple and black bars bright and cheery.
TheSongSmith
I feel a flicker of surprise in Dean, followed by the thick shame he carries with him. “Dean is not yours to mate. And it is not fear. It is patience. Dean is not prepared for this yet. I will not force him into it prematurely, nor will you or anyone else. I will not allow it.”
“An angel’s wings are his most vulnerable and sensitive part,” he explains. “In the old days, when angels were tortured, it was their wings that took the worst of it. When an angel falls, their wings are torn out. They’re a direct line to Grace. It appears the demons have been reading up on us, or that someone is feeding them information.”
Woohoo for more sexytimes. I warned you! Review!
He jerks hard against his restraints again when Dean slowly pushes his tongue past the tight ring of muscle, a shaky moan leaving his lips. “Oh God…”
I chuckle. “I don’t think we’d get very far with both of us tied up.”
“I got him,” Sam chuckled, walking after him. “We’ll meet you back here.”
“I was sort of hoping you could tell me,” Sam answers. “I thought maybe you found a way...all I know is there was nothing, and then an hour ago...I was here, in my bed. When I couldn’t find you I thought maybe you’d done something stupid...”
He nods, sighing softly and scribbling on the pad.
Dean grins, kissing his temple lightly, and Ezekiel smiles. “That’s very good. It takes some people much longer to understand that. You should be proud of yourself.”
He flushes, pressing into Dean’s chest until he can remember how to form words. “The hell was that?” he rasps, making Dean laugh as he strokes a hand through his sweaty hair.
“And then you wouldn’t have to deal with him…my landlord is pretty awesome…and, you know, it might be kinda nice…”
I feel him nod. “Okay. I’m proud of you. If you change your mind at any point just tell me.” He shifts around to the front again, trailing his fingers over me so I can approximate where he is. I hear him rummaging for a little while, one hand still resting on my knee. “Alright Dean. I’m going to have you use a color system to tell me how you’re doing with these sensations. Green means you’re good, yellow means you need a break, and red means you want me to stop immediately. Understand?”
He shrugs. “I thought you were just trying to make me feel better.”
He isn’t quite sure how long they stay that way, but eventually he becomes aware that Cas has moved, using his grace to clean up the sweat and lube coating his skin, but leaving the mess inside him, knowing the human found the instant clean-up too jarring in his current state. Now the angel is carefully releasing his arms, murmuring soothingly as he rubs out the tension in Dean’s shoulders. Dean sighs happily, letting the contact ground him as he floats. When he finally starts to come down, he finds himself in bed, straddling Cas’ lap and leaning heavily into his chest. The angel is humming to himself, stroking Dean’s back as he presses soft kisses and words of praise into his hairline. Dean manages a quiet grunt, and the angel chuckles. “Welcome back, sweetheart. Drink.” He doesn’t have to open his eyes to know that there’s a glass of water being held to his lips, and he swallows eagerly. “Good boy,” Cas murmurs when he finishes. “How do you feel?”
Later, Cas stretches out on the bed, sighing happily. “You were right,” he murmurs, still panting softly from our earlier activities. “That was very much worth the initial discomfort.”
Dean smiles, slowly trailing kisses down his spine. “I know, baby. You have me.” When he reaches the bottom he pauses, letting his hot breath ghost over him and watching the muscles of Cas’ back jump, before slowly dragging his tongue over the soft, pink flesh. Cas gives a breathless moan in response, fingers clenching around the legs of the bench before he goes limp. Dean grins to himself as he continues to tease him, watching the stutter in his heavy breaths. Cas always had so much going on in his head, and while he always submitted beautifully, it wasn’t often that Dean got such total surrender from him. When it did happen, he relished in it, wishing he could capture the incredible way Cas fell apart.
They made their way back to the house, where Charlie was unloading pizza boxes onto the top of her car. She squealed when she spotted them, running over and nearly tackling them to the ground, hugging Dean and Cas together. “I missed you so much! Don’t scare me like that again!”
The archangel nods. "That's true. And you're okay accepting that uncertainty?"
Cas blushed redder, his cock twitching so hard at the thought that it finally dislodged itself from Dean’s body. “I...do have a tendency to be a tad bit possessive, mostly in the bedroom,” he admitted. “But I thought it was best to not give in to that particular urge. The last thing I want is for you to think I see you the way those monsters did, as property...but you were so stunning, I just...lost control. I’m sorry, I should have asked you for permission first.” His eyes slid back to the mark, fingers hovering just above the skin. “It is beautiful, though. As are you.”
I shrug, showing him the picture. “I don’t know. It looked a little uncomfortable when you were guarding Cas all night.”
“Does this mean you’re returning to heaven?” Cas asks.
Cas abandons his drying duty and opens to door to find Benny grinning at him. “Hey chief. You’re certainly looking better than the last time I saw you.”
Dean smiles, blushing slightly. “Thanks. I’ve gotten a lot better since we have a real kitchen now. Plus, I get a lot of practice, cooking for everyone.”
“Why else did you come, then?”
When I catch my breath I slowly open my eyes to find him watching me cautiously. I grin, pulling him against me. “Okay?” he asks softly.
(See the end of the chapter for
I manage a nod, feeling him kiss my forehead. “Good. Just breathe. I’m so proud of you.” I burrow further into his chest, whimpering occasionally as I shudder, and he shushes me, holding me securely against him. “So good for me, Dean,” he murmurs. “I’ve got you.” When I manage to get myself together enough, I look up at him. “Hi baby,” he grins. “Feeling okay?” I nod, closing my eyes again. “Alright, let’s clean you up.” I realize that I’m covered in sweat, my own cum drying uncomfortable on my skin, and I nod, whining and holding onto him tighter as he picks me up easier than I would’ve thought. “Shh, I know,” he’s murmuring, kissing my cheek as I shudder again. He carefully sets me down in the water, and I grab onto his arm tightly before he can pull away. “I’m coming too, I promise,” he murmurs soothingly. “Just give me a second to get these pants off, okay?” I nod, releasing him. Something about that statement feels wrong, but I can’t exactly pinpoint what it is, and I can’t be bothered to care much when he carefully pulls me up, sliding in behind me. I cuddle up to him happily, resting back against his chest as he gently shifts me, running a wet cloth over my skin. Suddenly, it occurs to me what’s wrong, and I reach back, feeling for his cock. He realizes what I’m doing and grabs my wrist. “Easy, Dean. It’s not about that. Relax.” I frown, but nod, settling back again.
“Still kind of strange, but not bad.”
He smiles, kissing me again. “Good. Trust me?” I nod, letting him walk me backwards until the backs of my legs hit something hard. He pushes me down into the straight-backed wooden chair, reaching over to the bed and coming back with a length of rope. I shift a little, surprised, and he glances up, waiting for me to settle and nod before kneeling down to adjust the position of my foot, binding my ankles and knees to the chair so that my legs are held open. He slips two fingers under the rope, checking the tightness, before taking my arm, setting it on the arm rest and getting to work tying it down from wrist to elbow in elaborate and downright beautiful patterns. He glances down at my lap, noticing the twitch of my cock while I watch him work. He smirks. “I take it you’re a fan.”
Sam gives me a nod, so I carefully work the fabric between his teeth, feeling him clamp down on it. Dean screams behind the gag when the hot metal is pressed to his skin, pulling against our hold as much as he can manage. I hold him tighter, trying not to think about the horrible smell that’s slowly travelling through the room. “Okay, we’re done,” Sam says quickly. “Easy, Dean. It’s done.”
“That was good,” he smiles.
I nod. “The kind of connection we share is deeper than the average human’s concept of love. You’re starting to feel it the more you open up to that connection.”
“Sammy? Shut up and refresh the map.” He makes an indignant noise, but pulls the map up again, and I’m relieved that the little blinking dot hasn’t moved. With serious disregard for the speed limits, we make it in just under four hours. I hide the impala around a bend and grab weapons from the trunk before slowly creeping towards the building the signal is coming from. “Quiet,” I mutter to him.
Cas stays quiet for most of the ride, staring out the window. “You still alive back there Wingtips?” I ask as we get closer.
“What do you…?” Dean starts, then stops when I nudge him. He takes a breath, his tone softening. “What do you mean ‘without the ability to fly’? Why can’t you fly, Cas?”
I roll my eyes. “Hey look, it’s Castiel!”
Dean nods. “Yeah, we’re a strange bunch. But it works. Benny and Meg have known each other for a long time. I think they kind of entered the scene around the same time and became friends. Their styles are different, but they respect each other. She and Ruby are just play partners. Ruby has a boyfriend who isn’t really involved in the scene.”
Charlie hummed. “Well, I’d suggest you figure something out. He’s starting to trust you, Cas. That’s a really good thing. Something tells me he’s not going to lay down on a couch and start spilling all his secrets to some stranger. You’re the closest thing he has to a friend right now, so if he says anything, it’ll be to you. I know you can do this.”
“I…don’t think I can,” I manage.
“To please their Masters, Sir.”
“Why don’t you take him to the hospital?” Benny asks, words slurred with sleep.
Cas gives a small wave as he leaves, and Dean looks down at him, puzzled. “What’s that about?” he asks.
Dean nods slowly, considering it for a moment. “I understand why you feel that way,” he starts carefully. “But I also don’t want to hurt you, and I don’t want you to be afraid of me.” Cas looks down at the floor. “So, I’ll make you a deal.”
I mean to look into it, but when I find Cas he has some other...more distracting plans, so it’s not until I’m getting ready for bed that I remember the note in my pocket. Cas is in the shower, but something tells me Gabriel is the one I need to ask, so I search for him instead, finding him curled up in the library. He glances up as I enter, smiling. “Hey. You got a case you need to research or something?”
I flush again, fighting the urge to push back against his fingers. “Thank you Sir,” I breathe, resting my forehead on the floor. “Though I’m not sure I deserve it.”
“What?” he asks.
The boy’s eyes widen. “Dean? Your Dean?” Cas nods again, and the boy goes red. “I…I…” he takes a breath. “It’s an honor, sir…”
YOU GUYS I'm so stressed that an actual flaming pile of garbage will become the next president I could really use some positivity up in here. So if you enjoyed this chapter let me know! Leave me a comment or come chat with me over on tumblr! I love you forever <3
He grins, hugging me tightly. “It’s…awesome. Really. Can we go take a look around?” I nod, leading him into the house and showing him around. He grins at me. “It’s really a shame that we’re probably going to destroy this place before we’re done.”
“Oooh, Cas you got it bad, don’t you? I knew it would work out!”
“Come on Dean, we know you better than that,” Donna reminded him. “And we know there’s something going on in that head of yours. So what is it?”
Dean snorts, sitting up halfway to kiss him softly. “I’m fine, baby. I promise. I just might not wear a shirt for a little while.”
When the doorbell rings, Claire gets up quickly to open the door. Ben grins when he sees her. “Wow. You look…beautiful.”
He chuckles. “Probably, but you’re comfortable.”
“Do you think I would refuse to release you, if you asked?”
I nod, biting my lip. “I think so too...I just don’t know what’ll happen if we give him those memories back.”
There’s static on the other end, and then “Dean?”
Once changed, they climbed into bed, Dean’s heart hammering in his chest as he tried to figure out the appropriate distance to keep between them, settling uneasily on
“Still, if I had been even a few seconds later…”
I frown. “You’re already asking me questions.”
Cas nodded slightly, looking between him and the bottles for a moment. “Is it...like porn? We’re...not supposed to use it with other people around?”
He only stops when Cas presses a hand over his mouth. “
Dean laughs. “Hey, this wasn’t even my idea. I told him he could wear whatever he wanted, and this is what he came up with.” He glances over to Cas questioningly, and Cas gives him a reassuring smile. Dean grins, kissing his forehead softly. “You’re so good to me.”
Sam chuckles, beginning to wrap a bandage around his torso to keep his bad wing still. “Yeah, I’d say it wasn’t one of your best ideas. But you did the right thing coming to us. It’ll take a little while, but you’re going to be okay.”
He shakes his head at me. “I’ll make you a deal. You can sleep a little longer while I go take a shower, and then I’m going to make you breakfast.” I grumble about it, but nod, reluctantly detangling myself and slipping into the warm imprint of his body as soon as he slips out of bed. He laughs, leaning down to kiss my temple softly. “I’ll be right back.”
“Nothing,” he assures me quickly. “I just needed to talk to you.” I glance back at his wings, and he chuckles. “It’s hard to keep control of them when I’m nervous.”
Cas flushes at the praise, shrugging. “I was mostly just hanging on for the ride,” he answers, shrugging sheepishly. “I trust you. I knew whatever it was you were going to do would be good.” He pauses. “It’s almost scary how easy it is with you. I’d let you do just about anything.”
Dean nods. “Okay, uh…why don’t we sit down and get comfortable?” He takes a seat on the couch, watching as Cas sheds his coat, rolling up the sleeves of his dress shirt before sitting down beside him. “Good. Um…so just close your eyes and…tell me if this helps.”
Cas nodded, his hand shifting slightly. “Okay. Might be a bit uncomfortable at first. Breathe through it, and tell me if you want me to stop.”
I consider it for a moment. “I think you’re going to be pleasantly surprised.” I kiss him softly again, licking at his bottom lip and letting a little bit of grace pass through me. He gasps, pulling back a little to look at me.
Dean gives him a disbelieving look, but Cas waves him off. Benny gives a soft chuckle. “You heard him. I know you like being an overprotective mother, but I’m sure I can look after your boy for fifteen minutes. Besides, I’m sure he’d appreciate you not being covered in his blood.” Dean gives him a sour look, but nods, leaning down to kiss Cas softly before disappearing down the hall. Cas sighs, studying the table for a few minutes, and when he looks up he finds Benny staring at him thoughtfully. He almost says something, but Benny gets to it first. “Coffee?” he offers. Cas smiles, nodding, and taking the cup that’s offered to him. “So, how’re you doing?”
“Morning...” Cas mumbled, rubbing his eyes tiredly. “What’d I miss?”
I huff in annoyance, but the warmth of his body is too hard to resist, and after a few minutes I find myself falling asleep again, the toy tucked under my arm.
“Do you have a problem with me using you for my own entertainment?”
Cas sighs. “We can’t wait too long. Innocent people are dying because of me. So what are we going to do?”
I stay up half the night waiting for Cas’ nightmares to return, but he sleeps more peacefully than I’ve ever seen, probably too exhausted to dream. Eventually, I pass out from exhaustion myself, and when I wake up he’s gone. Sam is still asleep, and the living room is empty, so I search around the bunker for him. When I finally find him in the library, he’s mumbling to himself in Enochian. He seems a little down, but not distressed. Still, I watch him for a minute just to be sure. He finishes whatever he’s doing, pausing for a moment before murmuring “Morning, Dean,” without so much as turning around.
Castiel shrugs, hissing in pain at the movement. “There is blood. You just can’t see it.”
"Be safe you two! Use protection!" Dean teases, laughing as Cas pulls him out the door. "What? They're adorable!"
Jody laughed. “You remember what we did that time you boys came by, and Donna’d had that awful blind date?”
He shrugs. “Sorry if I’m a little…clingy.”
“Well, yeah,” Dean hedges, his cheeks going pink. “But I...ya know, the whole...giving up control thing is...kinda fun, and...I figured since you’re an angel, it’s not like anything bad would happen, so I...you know what, forget it, it was just a stupid idea, we don’t have to...”
I laugh softly, moving faster and enjoying the sight of him writhing beneath me.  I feel him tense as he gets closer, and I smile to myself, manifesting my wings. “Hey Dean?” I murmur innocently. Slowly, his eyes crack open, widening when he sees me. Holding his gaze, I firmly press my wings down over his, watching his whole body convulse as his release rips through him. I plant soft kisses along his jaw and neck, gently removing my fingers while I wait the few minutes it takes for him to stop twitching. He laughs breathlessly, tugging me down towards him to kiss me.
He chuckles, considering it for a moment. “Take a nap with me first. I promise I’ll make it worth your while.” I pout at him, but pull my pajamas off before curling up around him, hugging him close. He sighs softly, tilting his chin up to press his lips to mine. “I love you Dean.”
“As far as I can tell. Any thoughts?”
“If you want to. Wanna start the bacon?” I ask. Sam nods, and I see Cas smile, kissing my cheek before wandering off to the living room. “So, where’s your little shadow?” I ask, glancing over at him.
Dean grins, scooting closer and leaning in to kiss him softly. Cas makes a surprised sound, but relaxes into the kiss, pressing closer to him as Benny gently removes the bandages. “I’m not sure this is what he meant, Dean,” Cas murmurs, tilting his head to the side as Dean’s lips migrate down his neck.
The angel nods. “It’s a good different, I think. The whole experience taught me a lot. I’m different. But it’s not a bad change. It’s…somewhat helpful. Does that make sense?”
Cas frowns. “No offense, Dean, but I’ve seen you have bad dreams, and they never send you into panic attacks this bad. Not even the hell dreams. I want to help. Please talk to me.”
The angel nods, smiling softly. “I wouldn’t. But I’m concerned that if I do this the wrong way, it may remind you of other times; of the people who did hurt you. And I never want you to feel afraid when you’re with me. I know you’re a fan of rough, but I’m asking you to trust me on this one.”
“I know I’m not unsafe with you,” Dean assures him. “That’s why I asked you in the first place. You’d never hurt me.”
You guys are seriously awesome and I love you so much. I can't tell you how much I appreciate your support. Remember to review if you like!
He couldn’t see the smile that broke across Cas’ face, but he could feel the soft chuckle and Cas’ arm tightening around him. “Goodnight, Dean.”
Cas nods frantically, sure the sounds coming out of his mouth are the dirtiest noises he’s ever made, but unable to care as the wave of pleasure pulls him back under. When he can breathe next he moans loudly, arching his back. “
I nod, pushing back against his finger. Suddenly it’s gone, and I don’t have time to mourn the loss before his hand comes down in another sharp smack. I yelp, then push my ass back again, getting rewarded with another one before two fingers are shoving deep. He doesn’t seek out my prostate like usual, and it occurs to me that it’s because this is about his pleasure, not mine. The thought only makes me more desperate, and Cas laughs, a third finger pushing in beside the first two. “Look what a good boy you can be. Even your body obeys me. You know what that means, pet?”
He sighs softly, his thumb stroking over the back of my hand. “Where’s Sam?”
They make it into the bathtub without incident, Cas settling in Dean’s lap as he rubs the tension from his shoulders. “So, you were a little worked up yesterday, huh?”
Dean smiles sheepishly. “It’s not because we don’t trust you, honey, it’s just…”
The sudden nervousness in his voice is alarming, but Cas takes the box and carefully lifts the lid, gasping softly at the circle of leather inside. He glances up at Dean, who’s watching him anxiously. “Is…this what I think it is?” he says finally.
Benny shrugs. “You’re right; we’d never be able to pin anything on him in court. Which is why we won’t go that route. There are other ways to make sure he remembers his place…”
Claire nods, hugging Cas too. “Thanks for not letting him kill my date. I love you both.” She stands, brushing off her skirt before remembering something. “Oh! I know you’re probably going to call them after I go to bed to make sure I’m telling you the truth about Ben, but-”
Lucifer just smirks, nodding. “Well, if you boys will excuse me, I must be getting back to my bride.”
“Of course,” I murmur back. “Are you still afraid of flying?”
Dean glances down at the shaking form in his lap, but Cas doesn’t seem inclined to answer, still clinging to him tightly. “I’m not really sure,” he says quietly, running a hand gently through Cas’ sweat-soaked hair. “We had a fight, and Cas went to a bar, and some guy picked him up. Someone like us. All I know is he showed up maybe half an hour ago, damn near hysterical, and I saw the blood. There’s rope burn around his wrists, and this…how could anyone do this?”
TheSongSmith
Hello my lovelies!
Dean grins, nodding. "I'd love to show you off, if you want to try it, but you know you don't have to."
“Much better, don’t you think?” he grins. Cas just nods, letting Dean shift him around until his knees are on either side of Dean’s hips, resting comfortably against his chest. The scent of vanilla returns, and then his fingers are delving into Cas’ lower back again. When they move lower, slippery with the oil, Cas gasps, his body tensing automatically. Dean backs off immediately, one hand rubbing soothingly at the back of his neck and the other settling reassuringly at his waist. “Take a deep breath,” he instructs softly. He waits for Cas to obey, looking up at him. “Good. Now talk to me.”
Dean sniffles for a minute, then pulls back, wiping his face quickly. “Okay, enough of that. That was all your fault.”
I raise an eyebrow at him, and he smiles a little, shrugging as God considers it. “Interesting. Why?”
Dean frowned in confusion for a moment before Cas’ words came back to him:
Dean just laughed, nodding and tugging him into another kiss.
“Can we sleep?” I ask, smiling as he smacks the back of my head lightly. “What? I’m comfy.”
In the bedroom, Gabriel is arranging some small objects on a table, looking surprisingly serious. I raise an eyebrow at Cas, who shrugs. "This is one of the few things he takes very seriously."
“Good, actually. I feel a little better about it. I think I’d like to at least try. But I still want to talk about some things.”
He rolls his eyes, nudging me playfully. “No. This is…a contract, of sorts.”
“I don’t think I’ve ever known you to have a plan,” Cas teases, nudging him lightly.
Slowly, Cas nods, smiling. “I’m okay.” He turns his attention back to the other two, biting his lip nervously for a minute. “Do you…want to sit for a little while?” he asks finally, motioning to the space beside him.
Sam chuckles, shaking his head. “It’s kind of a long story. I’m glad you’re back.”
Dean nodded, though reluctantly, and stayed close as they made their way back to the house. He hesitated for a second at the top of the stairs, but Cas just led him back into his room without a moment’s pause. Back in bed, he hesitated before tucking himself up against Cas’ side. “…Cas?” he whispered after a minute.
There’s a soft knock on the door before Sam pokes his head in again. “Hey, look who’s awake. How are you feeling, Cas? Any pain?”
Cas smiles, nodding, then bites his lip. “And…how long do you think it’d be if we did want to use direct force?”
Gentle hands stroke over my skin, grounding me as he shushes me softly. “You’re a very good boy,” he murmurs, pressing light kisses along my spine. “Of course Daddy will let you come. You were so good that I have an extra special reward for you. Take some deep breaths, sweetheart. I promise it’ll be worth it. Trust me.”
Dean frowns at him. “Were all three of you in on this the entire time?”
“Dean.” He quiets, flushing. “I know you’re scared,” I start again. “That’s okay. But everything is going to be okay. Do you trust me?”
“Any time you want, I suppose.”
“Are you sure?” he asks. His voice is calm, assured as he pets soothingly over my skin, and I know he already knows. “If you’re not honest, I can’t help. Are you scared?”
. It’s Dean’s way of showing him how pleased he is to have him around, how important he is in Dean’s life. And finally, Cas understands. The reason he does this, slowly guiding him to the edge, is for the pure joy of watching him tumble over.
Cas smiles, nodding. “Alright then...that sounds perfect to me. Let’s go home.”
Sam nods. “It’s the same with Gabriel. He’s still the same person, but he doesn’t seem to know he’s an angel or anything like that. Neither of them seems to know that they were ever adults at all. No wonder the kids in that town couldn’t tell anyone where they came from. They didn’t know.” He glances back to the table, chuckling softly. “Dean brought his elephant?”
“Is that…normal?” Sam asks.
He smiles sheepishly. “Yeah, I guess that’s one way to think about it. This thing used to be all I had.”
“No promises,” I murmur, feeling him chuckle. I sigh, taking a deep breath. “Sorry, I can get out of your lap,” I say after a minute, though I really don’t want to let go.
Still a little shell-shocked, I nod dumbly. “I…yeah, okay.”
He makes a soft noise, but he doesn’t seem upset, his fingers continuing to stroke along the feathers steadily. What does that mean? “Do you think you could try explaining it?” he murmurs.
“Well that’s good to hear,” Dean chuckles. “It looks pretty clean. Let’s clean the rest of you up, shall we?” He grabs a washcloth, dipping it into the water and lathering it with soap before carefully running it over Cas’ skin. Cas mewls softly, pressing into his touch, and Dean grins. “Enjoying yourself?”
Cas nods thoughtfully. “And you don’t think…it’ll upset him, right? If I want to try?”
I consider it. “Pretty good, actually. I haven’t slept that well in a while. I am kind of hungry though.”
“Dean…” he whispers, almost reverent. “Is this w-what you were th-thinking about i-in the shower?”
“Dean, Cas, look!” Jack said as he wandered back over to them, waving a black, grey, white and purple-striped flag excitedly. “The woman at the flag booth was very helpful. She helped me find one.”
“Whatcha thinkin’ about?” Charlie asked, nudging him under the table with her foot.
“No. God, I wish,” Dean laughed, though it sounded tired. “Figured it would kind of lose the effect if I was drunk enough to make this suck any less. Please let me in, just for a minute. If you still hate me after, well, I guess I deserve that. But let me explain first.”
“Okay,” Cas nods. “Thank you for your help.”
He drifted off quickly, and Dean reached over, finding Cas’ hand in the dark. “Love you...”
Cas sighs, closing his eyes and pinching the bridge of his nose. “Can you drop me off home please?” he asks, his voice carefully controlled.
I laugh. “Trying to seduce you. Is it not obvious?” I feel him take a deep breath before finding myself thrown up against the bookshelves, pinned under his weight as he kisses me hard. When he pulls away he looks up at me, his eyes darkening. “Looks like I’m not the only one feeling frisky,” I chuckle. He grins, shoving me back into the shelf again and glancing up as it wobbles menacingly. “Maybe we should go somewhere we’d be a little less likely to be crushed to death,” I suggest. He nods, practically dragging me down the hallway to my room and crashing his lips into mine again as we fall back on the bed. I grin, threading a hand through his hair. “Baby, we have time. Take it easy.”
Dean nods. “It’s easier to remember that I’m there if you can feel me. That’s understandable. We can do that. And, at least while we practice, I’ll tell you before anyone starts touching you, and before we do anything new if that helps.”
Cas nods, giving a little shudder as he wipes at the wetness on his cheeks. “Y-Yeah. I’m sorry.”
It was Cas’ turn to be confused, and Dean stroked his hair softly while he stumbled through an explanation.
Charlie hesitated for a moment, sighing. “I’m...not sure there’s a lot we can do, honestly,” she answered. “We have a lot of theories, but not a lot of solid evidence of...anything, really. Not to mention half our info comes from files I shouldn’t even have access too. Going to the police with what we have now won’t get us any closer to figuring this out, and will probably land at least one of us in jail, where we can’t help anyone.”
“Of course, sweet boy. I happen to have that little vibrator you like. I was thinking I could put it in for you, and then hand the remote to one of these guys, see what they can do to you.” Cas whimpers, nodding quickly, and Dean laughs. “Alright then. Just me back here.”
I moan again, gasping as his fingers ghost over my prostate. “Good…so fucking good…love it when you play with my ass,” I moan feverishly. He continues murmuring softly as he adds a third finger, and I relax further, trembling lightly as I listen to the soft words and praise. He keeps a slow pace, careful not to work me up too far, just enough for me to get lost in it, my keening fading to soft, panted breaths.
full…” Dean nods, letting the sound sink in before wrapping his fingers around Cas’ cock. The man under him gives a whole-body shudder when he starts to stroke him slowly. “Oh God…”
I frown, thinking it over. In combination with being tied down, it’s a little scarier, but I also don’t have the same jolt of fear I expected. “We can try,” I say finally. “I don’t really know how I’ll react, but I’ll try.”
Cas chuckled. “It does seem like you were the last person to accept it. But that doesn’t mean we have to discuss it with them, if you’re not comfortable with it yet.”
“Not at all,” he smirks. “You should be excited.”
“I…fell a few times. It was slippery with the rain.”
“It’s not your fault either. This wouldn’t have happened if I hadn’t overreacted. I was just…jealous, I guess.”
Dean frowns a little. “I don’t think we’ll ever give it up completely. Honestly, I think we’d both go crazy if we tried. But…we’ve put in our time, haven’t we? I mean, how many times are we gonna save the world? Maybe it’s someone else’s turn. We’re not getting any younger, Sammy.”
Finally, after feeling so useless, this is something I can do to help him. “Well there’s nothing wrong with that. You’ve always had my back, and Sam’s. Now I’ve got yours. Don’t worry about it.”
I shrug. “If you’re going to take pictures, you might as well have a subject. And Gabriel told me about your idea.”
“Very well, sir. I will be there.”
Castiel helped him to his feet, steadying him when he slipped on the powdered marble. All around him Roman and his minions were fighting to stay on their feet against the gale-force winds the spell had released.
“Would you like to come over and share it with me?” The invitation popped out of his mouth before Cas even consciously knew it was happening. He froze, his eyes going wide with shock. Had he really done that? Had he invited Dean over for dinner?
But they can’t go on like this, either, tiptoeing around each other.
It was all quite ridiculous, but entertaining in its own fashion. “There are even some illustrations.” He tapped the sketch in the middle of a page.
He exchanged a glance with Charlie, who smiled slightly and quirked her head to one side.
Thumping noises sounded from the ground floor, and the occasional muffled voices. He could pick Dean’s out, even if he couldn’t make out the specific words.
Cas didn’t know what more to say to that. He simply looked at Dean, briefly, then away. Sometimes looking at Dean was just too painful. He was so… so beautiful, and Cas was afraid that one of these days his feelings would be too obvious.
“Naomi does believe there is a right way to do everything,” Cas murmurs.
“Do you want the standard answer, or the more truthful one?”
“What are
“I’m aware. Nonetheless, I think I will have to insist.” He reaches to the side and picks up a stack of papers that he’s printed out earlier in the day. “Your homework assignment, Mr. Winchester. I’ll make dinner so you have more time to get through them.”
“Yeah, definitely the more outgoing of the two. Castiel, I’m not sure what his story is, but he seems shy to the point of it being a problem. So when they call you, be aware of that. You might need to pull back the charm just a little so you don’t overwhelm the guy.”
Cas smiled in pleasure. Dean hadn’t been exaggerating that day that he said he liked these books. This hadn’t been read once and stuffed back on a shelf. It had the appearance of an old friend, well-loved.
Castiel took it, feeling the weight and tooth of the paper. Cotton rag, he thought, and a high weight. He didn’t intend to open it quite yet. He would save that for a private time, when he didn’t know what impact it would have on him. “Thank you.”
Keeping the secret of Bela’s behavior weighed on Dean. The worst was when he was out with Cas and Charlie, whether for Lunch Quest or for after work social occasions. Charlie invited them over for game nights, or trivia night at the dive bar. They actually made a really good team for trivia. Charlie and Dean knew pop culture, and while their interests were similar, they didn’t completely overlap, so they could answer different questions. Cas was good with history, both cultural and natural. Charlie’s girlfriend Dorothy was great with sports.
“If he was captured, then he could one day escape. Or be released. Cas, for the sake of argument, put aside your resistance to the idea that magic could be real. Assume, just for now, that what you’ve been reading is a true accounting of an eyewitness to history, rather than flights of fancy.”
“What?” Michael exclaimed, surprised and furious enough to let some of his emotion show. “That’s not possible. I’m the eldest.” He flipped through the pages of the legal document.
Dean pushed it aside. He was on duty. He ran into attractive people now and then. Didn’t mean he needed to act on it.
“Like I’d ever do anything else. Just hold tight.”
“I am not ‘in a state’.” Cas glares at him defiantly.
“Tell you what. I’ll whip you up some temporary bookshelves, meaning they aren’t going to be built-ins that perfectly fit the room, at least not yet. You’re going to want that eventually, aren’t you. And in return, you can make me a pie. Any flavor you prefer, I’m not picky.”
The only thing left was installing the cupboard doors and cleaning everything.
“Yeah.” Dean sighed and pushed his food around with his fork, suddenly not as hungry as he had been. “I’m working on that. I think… I don’t think I’m imagining that we’re developing a friendship, anyhow. I want him to trust me. Trying for anything beyond friendship risks betraying that trust, and he needs a friend more than he needs any sort of sexual or romantic relationship. I’d be interested, definitely. Guy’s pretty awesome. But I can’t do that to him. So.”
“And they’re already targeting us, me, so there’s no net change there. All right.” He finished the coffee, pouring both of them a mug full, then came to sit on his desk chair. “I have been thinking further, and… well. If they didn’t find what they were looking for at my office, it seems as though there would be little reason for them to return there, and every reason for them to come here, so a delay in returning to the museum and cleaning up the damage seems a reasonable price to pay for ensuring that no one comes here, or if they do that I at least have a chance to stand my ground and defend my belongings.”
“Well then. Thank you. We’d be delighted. What time?”
“Private Investigator. Means I have an abundance of curiosity, checking out the new guy in town, seeing what’s up. The usual.”
“Oh? So I should make you a spinach strawberry pie?”
It was tempting to offer his couch; he didn’t really want to take him home. Didn’t want to be away from him.
He reached over to pick up his phone. Nothing. Not that he expected anything. Hoped, maybe. No. Hope was a dangerous thing, and more often than not led to bitter disappointment. He’d learned very young that hope was cruel.
“Yes, that. That right there. You blush beautifully. It makes your eyes stand out even more, and you have the most beautiful eyes.”
Cas regarded him for an extra moment with a narrowed gaze. Dean wondered if he’d noticed the use of ‘they’ as a pronoun. It was subtle, and he knew it could just be considered generic. There wasn’t any particular reason that Cas would pick up on that as a declaration of non-heterosexuality.
Dean laughed. “That is a very good idea.”
“Judging by the quantity of science fiction and action movies in your collection, I am not surprised.”
“What does that mean, her estate?” Gabriel asked. “Not to be blunt, but I’m going to be blunt. Is there enough money to maintain this place?”
“So being an equal opportunity kind of a guy, you have to have noticed that Cas is attractive. And that the two of you click better than I’ve seen you with anyone since… ever?”
“Slow. I haven’t had as much time to look as I’d like, and the places I’ve checked out were all not quite it. I’m not planning on this being my forever home, but even if I only stay a year or two there are certain things I want. Needs to be a garage available for Baby. That seems to be the biggest sticking point in the neighborhood I like. I might have to go somewhere else in order to get it.”
“Oh, you don’t have to—”
“You know my…?”
There was office gossip. Lots and lots and lots of office gossip. People were whispering around every corner. First Naomi, now Castiel, too close together for it to be coincidence.
“You need to be here, Castiel,” Michael said without looking up from his phone.
Dean chuckled. “It’s okay, man, really. But I think I’ll hit the head and rinse out as much as I can.” He didn’t want to walk around smelling like a brewery, even if he was just going home after this.
Hell, he probably felt
Dean winces sympathetically. Cas not going to his cousin’s wedding isn’t really an option. He’s close to his immediate family, not quite so close to the extended family. Dean’s known Cas’ parents and siblings since they were in college. He hasn’t seen them often, but they’re good people. On the other hand, he’s never met the aunts, uncles, and cousins — though he’s heard plenty of stories.
“Yes, Anna’s wedding.” Cas scowls again. “Couldn’t Danny have waited just a little while longer? I’ve already responded that I’m bringing a date. I was very much looking forward to not having to fend off the endless questions about why am I not married yet, I’m over 30, time is running out. And the family members who completely ignore the fact that I’ve told them, repeatedly, that no, I will not be meeting a nice girl who will help me to forget all about this phase I’m going through. Right after telling me that I’m over 30. If being gay were a phase, I should think I would have ‘gotten over it’ long before now.”
“Not me, no sir.”
Castiel stepped inside and seated himself in one of the chairs. It was far more comfortable than the old wooden chair in his own office.
“I don’t understand why. This house is nothing they would ever be interested in.”
Dean nodded.
“Indeed.” The less said about that the better.
Piece of cake.
Cas frowned. “What?”
Castiel caught his breath at that, surprised by the flush of pleasure Dean’s words brought. “Perhaps so. Good night.”
Chuck lightly bumps his shoulder against Cas’. “It makes me happy to see you with Dean,” he says softly. “I always thought it was a shame that the two of you hadn’t gotten together. You’ve always seemed so right for each other. But I didn’t want to be one of those people who assumed that just because you were both open to dating men, that you should automatically be dating each other.”
Cas flushes. This… well. Having his family be actively
Meg, Castiel’s supervisor, gestured to her team and got them started unpacking numerous vases and containers. They all needed to be washed and dried and hand-polished until they gleamed, and carefully. Each piece cost a small fortune. The glass had been hand-blown by some famous west-coast glass artisan, and reputedly used real gold. Of course it used real gold. Michael would never tolerate anything less.
“It’s a cassoulet.”
“I’m sorry, Castiel,” Jess said, reaching to rub his shoulder softly. “I didn’t know, or I wouldn’t have started teasing Dean about it again. It’s not really a fair thing to tease about, anyhow, not when I know he actually does want children.”
“Yeah? We don’t have to watch. I don’t care that much either. I prefer baseball, honestly.”
“What?” Dean followed, not bothering to cover himself any more than Castiel had.
“Really.”
She smiled a bittersweet smile. “Mostly, yes. There are people, like you, who make it a joy to come to work each day. Some others… maybe not so much, but they tend to just pass through anyhow, so it’s not so bad.”
“Yeah, you’d better be sorry,” she snapped. “You break anything you’re gone. You think you’ve seen difficult clients before, you’re mistaken. This is a whole different level of difficult client. If a dragon is unhappy, he might eat you.”
“Before we get started, I’d like everyone to briefly introduce themselves and state what area you’ll be working in, and perhaps some little bit of information of general interest. For my own bit of personal trivia, I’ll address the question most people have upon meeting me. Yes, Castiel is an unusual name. I often go by Cas, but either will do. The name is derived from an old book about angels that my mother was reading when my twin brother and I were born. My parents weren’t expecting twins, so they had to come up with a second name quickly. My brother, being the elder by ten minutes, got ‘James’, and I got ‘Castiel’.” He shrugged one shoulder, as if to say ‘what can you do?’
“Dean. You’ve already confessed to self-interest, rather than concern for my diet.”
“Please, do elaborate.”
“But… that might give you away, too.”
“Winchester,” he said, coming forward and seating himself. Dean always hated when he did that. It didn’t happen often; Zachariah Adler didn’t much care for going to other peoples’ offices. He preferred to make people come to him.
* * *
“No,” he whispered.
He took a deep breath, then pulled out his phone, texting Charlie a quick, coded message to let her know he was going in.
He sank a little lower into the passenger seat of the car as Gabriel turned onto Main Street, but positioned himself so that he could still see.
A moment later Cas’ reply showed up.
“I believe that is what I said.”
Castiel wasn’t sure how he felt about this. Two commissions in the same week? That was unheard of. He’d been at the Museum for three years and had a total of twelve such commissions in the entirety of his tenure.
“If you’re going to stay here, you should have something that’s going to meet your needs. More than that — you should have something that you love. Do it right the first time, as long as you can afford it.”
Dean reached into the refrigerator and snagged a beer, noticing that Cas had stocked his favorite even though he didn’t personally care for it. Cas was always doing things like that. It warmed the cockles of his heart.
He blinked back the sudden, unexpected prickle of tears. What was that about? He was getting emotional over the fact that a man he considered a friend clearly loved the stories he loved to tell, without knowing the two of them were connected? Well. If that wasn’t a little embarrassing.
“So this is quite an upgrade for you.”
“Excellent.” He smiled and stepped into the small office, looking around briefly. “You have a lot of books.”
He’ll admit to a sense of anticipation at seeing Dean in a suit. He’s seen it a handful of times before. He wore a suit for his graduation from college. It wasn’t perfectly tailored, but he still looked amazingly good in a proper jacket and tie. Even back then Cas had been highly appreciative. He’d worn a suit jacket for his Uncle Bobby’s wedding to his Aunt Ellen, and to a benefit dinner for the hospital. There were a few other occasions over the years as well, but they were few and far between.
One of the other trainees, the woman, looked around with an expression of vague distaste.
If they did, Castiel thought it would be wise if he were to keep silent and let Dean do the talking. He suspected that Dean was adept at talking his way out of trouble.
Cas hesitated, then shook his head in the smallest of motions.
“Of course, Dean. I believe I would wish to start with my study. I spend most of my time there, and it would be quite nice to make the space more suitable for the work I do. Besides, any larger renovations will likely require the services of an architect. I don’t believe that’s something you are able to provide.”
Castiel debated the merits of seeking out Director Holloway versus waiting to be summoned. Going down to the Director’s office on his own initiative would doubtlessly be the smarter move from a political point of view. He frowned at the thought. He disliked office politics intensely. If he could, he’d happily stay ensconced in his third-floor office all day long, surrounded by his precious books. Books were comfortable companions, undemanding, generous. He could find everything he needed in his books, and they would never look at him as though he were unworthy of their time. Books would never consider him a disappointment.
That thought brought with it a sense of wonder. He had never really had a place that he could truly consider his before. As a child there had been the home with his family, then the dormitory at university, and from there he’d gone straight to… no. Don’t think of that, don’t think of that. Not right now. He clasped the fingers of his hand tightly around the other wrist, hard enough to hurt, and that grounded him.
Even now Castiel thought there were things that Dean wasn’t telling him. He wasn’t sure whether or not to push. He valued personal privacy a great deal, and yet Dean had pulled him into this, whatever it was.
Great Aunt Hester hadn't been close to the family. Castiel wasn’t sure exactly what had happened; he was the youngest in the family, and rarely had anything been explained to him. He didn’t know why they stopped visiting her, stopped coming to Kansas. Didn’t know why his father had left, didn’t know why his mother was still physically present but hadn’t wanted anything to do with him. Ever. She had remained in Chicago rather than attend the funeral, claiming ill health. Castiel rather thought she just wanted nothing to do with Great Aunt Hester even now. She’d been his father’s aunt, not his mother’s. Michael had left his wife Rebekah and his sons behind as well.
It was a small dinner party, but it was a dinner party. Cas was hosting a dinner party, at Dean’s apartment. Sam, Jessica, and Mariel were to join them. He alternated between panic and pride.
Gabriel chuckled at that. “Where their contents will reside,” he repeated, laughing again.
Dean smiled. “Yeah. That wouldn’t be so bad.”
“I didn’t swear.”
That had been his primary objection. If anyone found out, he would become a laughingstock. But in the context of current events, he couldn’t see that it would do any harm to follow the theory to any conclusions it might drive.
He felt violated, outraged. His books! How could anyone do such a thing? Why would they do such a thing? It made no sense. Hot, furious tears stung his eyes, made the back of his throat ache. He wouldn’t release them, couldn’t release them. He clenched his fists, his short nails digging into the meat of his palms as he fought to control the wild surge of emotion.
“He did let it go. Surprised me, honestly.” He didn’t always resist the urge to be needlessly cruel.
“If you have some idea what sort of atmosphere you’re looking for, I can provide some suggestions for where you may want to focus your search. We also have contacts with some local agents who can help you with a search. They can screen properties based on your requirements, so you don’t have to spend your time looking at places that aren’t going to meet your needs.”
All right then. Taking a deep breath, he opened the letter and withdrew the sheet of lovely stationery. He wondered idly if there was any more of that paper here in the house. It would be worth finding and using. Quality paper was a delight to use, and this was a beautiful quality. It was almost soft, and the ink flowed smoothly over the surface.
Once he starts looking at what to pack for the trip, he realizes that his good jeans fit him great, but part of that is because they’re worn just so, and he doesn’t think worn jeans are going to win him any points at Anna Adler’s Big Society Wedding.
“What else did you bring?” Charlie asked, clearly taking pity on Dean by offering a distraction. She started digging into the other two boxes.
“I’ve got an idea. What do you think of picking one of these simple spells, something minor, and seeing if we can make it work?”
“I would just leave such things, if I needed to. Honestly, I can get by for now with just my bedroom, my office, and the kitchen.”
“What sort of car? You planning to haul a lot of big stuff? Mostly run errands? Long road trips? You like something newer, older, big, small?” Bobby sounded uncharacteristically gentle, though not so much so that it sounded patronizing.
suffered.
“Does that mean you won’t be going there anymore?” Jess asked, her brow wrinkling with concern. “I mean, it’s great if you finish, but it seems like you like going out there.”
Damn, but he looked good. He must have only dragged himself out of bed a short time ago, because his hair was more mussed than usual and there were pillow creases pressed into his cheek. Stubble darkened his chin and jaw, and that made Dean want to reach out and feel if it was soft or prickly. He was wearing a pair of loose cotton drawstring sleep pants, and a worn heather blue tee over them. No sign of Gabriel, but that wasn’t necessarily a surprise. Gabe was an enigma.
“What? Cas, what the f—udge?”
The man shifted and aimed his foot at Cas’ face. Cas rolled to the side, but his heel still jammed into his shoulder, sparking more pain. He was only remotely aware of it at the moment, the adrenaline rush dimming everything else to nothing more than a vague awareness that it was going to hurt like hell a little later.
“We need to figure out where all of this is going to happen. I’m going to do a bit of… shall we say, intelligence gathering.”
“Prefer being the operative word. If you really like spinach and strawberry pie, well, I don’t know if we can continue this friendship. I’d be sad to lose you, but some things just can’t be forgiven.”
“Looks like she’s most of the way there already.” Dean held out his arms to accept his tiny niece, loving the baby-powder-and-milk scent of her, and the way her sweet warm roundness just settled right against him. She blinked at him twice with her big eyes, and made a little grasping motion with her fingers. He put his pinky into her palm, and grinned when she clutched it tightly. “Yeah, Peanut, I’m right here. Uncle Dean’s got you. Now how about you take a nice little nap so that you’ll be all rested up and noisy when your Daddy gets home?”
“Perhaps so, but that is something I believe I wish to do myself. Even if it takes longer than it otherwise might.” The thought that he might have his own gardens caused a warm feeling behind his breastbone. He would research what types of flowers were particularly beneficial for bees, and perhaps he would eventually acquire a beehive of his own, even harvest his own honey. He’d admired bees for a long time; the idea that he might be able to do his own small bit to help support them gave him a sort of delicate bubble of pleasure. He could do something just because he wanted to, for no one’s benefit but his own, and there was no one to belittle his choices or roll their eyes at his ‘silly ideas’.
“In most cases, yes.”
Jess smiled at him. “Thank you. It’s for their mom — Mary — and Ellen Harvelle.”
“Work one of these myself? No, that wasn’t my intent.” He toyed with a piece of paper. “Kevin – Mr. Tran – mentioned Malak. Supposedly Roman is near obsessed with his history and the legends surrounding his entrapment. He believes that a part of Malak is still… not exactly alive, but not dead, either. Contained. And under the right circumstances, he could be brought back.”
“I prefer the company of books to that of people. Books are far more accommodating, and far more intelligent.”
“Good call, babe. Love you.”
“Good night.”
Dean cleared his throat. “So, uh. Just wanted to thank you for hooking me up with Meg Masters.” Hooking him up with? Holy hell, that was a terrible word choice. Please overlook it. Please. Please.
“Not indoctrinating. Educating. It’s what you do with children. You educate them on what’s important in life. Okay. I’m going to put some Zepp on while dinner finishes. Apparently sometimes you have to educate adults too.”
“The fact that we are playing simply for plastic chips makes that easier. If I lose, what am I really out?”
Dean’s gaze narrowed. “And you would know this because… it’s exactly what you did?”
“When I was little I called her Grammom, but once I could speak more clearly I followed everyone else’s lead and switched to Grandmother.”
Castiel was not impressed. “As I said, it will take as long as it takes. For the proper fee, I will make it my priority, but the language still requires time to translate. The script is not our current Arabic alphabet, as you must have observed. It’s not a cipher. It’s an entirely different language, with different grammatical construction.”
“Not right now, Dean, no. I’m sorry.”
“But you’re an architect. You pay attention to things like floor plans, flow, window placement. Everything.”
“That’s a difficult question to answer. There are things in each that I greatly appreciate, sometimes things that I didn’t even recognize until longer after my first pass through them.”
“Few years. You been doing floral shit for long?” Turn it back on the other guy.
Flashes of blue, then red, then blue again, as the two massive creatures wrangled. He started to see the pattern, though, saw how the blue was throwing his weight around, attempting to crush the red. And then the red was pinned against the wall, for just a moment, but it was long enough for Dean to get off a shot.
Ocean blue eyes gazed back at him.
“Oh come on, Mr. Winchester. We both have things we can offer each other. We should take a little more time on…
“Yes. We are. It’s the largest, and overlooks the back gardens.”
Dean flushed, glanced quickly at Cas as though embarrassed, then away again. “Yeah, kind of need a partner first,” he mumbled. “Someone that wants kids. With me.”
Castiel tipped his head to the side thoughtfully. Honestly, he had little desire to return to Europe, though the opportunity to add to the Museum’s collection was one of the few events that might entice him to leave his home and travel again. “Yes, there are rumors that Sir Lionel Abernathy is considering parting with some of his collection.”
“No, not at all. The others are just a little early.”
“I’ll pass it along, but don’t expect him to jump all over it.”
“We should… damn, I can’t believe I’m saying this, but… we should take a raincheck on this. It’s too important to do when we’re both a little tipsy.”
“I’m telling you, Petey, it was a body,” one of them said, leaning close to the others.
All those days of hoping, and yes it was hoping, dammit, for a response to his text, getting nothing, and now… now, he was there. Right there. On the other side of the door.
But needs must, and all that.
“I am your only younger brother.”
Cas had tried staying in the old house for a while, but when it turned out to be too hard, he’d sold it and moved to a different house about a mile away, somewhere that wasn’t steeped in memories of Claire’s parents. It was still close enough that Claire and Emma could see each other all the time. Not like they’d ever been within walking distance, not when Dean lived on the ranch property.
“Thank you. Would you like to go next?”
Some minutes of splashing and jostling later, they were seated, Cas across from Dean, the girls on the other two sides of the table.
“I have very many questions, yes. This book… I question its authenticity. Where did you get it?”
It’s not too much later that Cas pulls off the main road onto a narrow tree-lined drive that winds up some hills. The trees look old and well-established, arching over the roadway in a canopy of green with sunlight peeking through like sparkling gems. Eventually the trees part to reveal a large house set out in an open field, overlooking the land. There’s a low stone wall around the house, with flowering shrubs interspersed with flowers at the base of the wall. Most of the flowers are white; Dean wonders how many were specifically planted with the wedding in mind.
Cas turns slightly towards Dean. He looks calm and collected on the surface, but Dean can tell by the tension in his shoulders that he’s this close to freaking out. So Dean crosses the short distance between them until he can bump his shoulder up against his friend.
The revelation that Cas had been with another man made Dean’s pulse race. It meant he had a chance. Dean cared more about the person than about what equipment they’d been born with. He could work with whatever. Sex was sex, and it was fun no matter who he was playing with. He’d been with more women than men in his life, mostly because it was easier.
He played with Cas’ hair as Cas leaned up against him. “I quit, too,” he said softly. “Did you hear that?”
“What are all those tubes for?”
Still, Charlie had already announced her own preferences. If they were becoming friends, shouldn’t he be similarly open? It was scary, but new start and all that. Why hide himself?
“One of those freaky accidents, huh? Act of God?”
Cas closed down his laptop and descended the stairs to the front room. “Oh my.” There were more boxes than he had anticipated. Did he really own that much stuff?
Dean’s shoulders tensed before he forced them to relax again. “Yeah. Kind of figured that out. Especially after talking with my brother. Sam.”
Dean Winchester wiped his boots on the mat outside of Sam’s small house before letting himself into the kitchen. “Lucy! I’m home!” he called out.
“So you’re saying you need actual stakes to break a sweat. Good to know. I’ll keep that in mind for next time.”
“Maybe she could have, maybe she couldn’t have, but she invited Sam and Eileen to spend Thanksgiving with her, and they accepted the invitation. So it’s just us, kiddo.”
“You okay there, Mr. Novak?” The sheriff gave him a sympathetic look as the fire department pulled in. “Give me a minute here, then I’ll be back.” She read the intruder his rights. For the first time Cas really looked at him. He didn’t recognize him. He wasn’t one of the workers that Dean had hired to help with the renovation. That was a relief; he would have hated to have to tell Dean that. He was young, probably in his late twenties, with a hard look to him.
“Yes. Great Aunt Hester has a great deal of items to sort through. It will be a lengthy task to tackle it all. But this house is larger than I need for one person, so I am starting with the few rooms I actually need.”
“Very well, I’ll leave you to it. Good luck, and I’ll get that information to you as soon as I get back to my desk.”
“Oh, let them stay, Mikey,” Luc drawled. “We’re heading back to Chicago after the reading tomorrow anyhow. If the boys want to play camp in the spooky house, let them.”
“What, me laughing?”
That smile turned a little more forced. Why? It didn’t make sense, but asking wouldn’t get him anywhere. So, instead, Dean filed that away to figure out later. Puzzling out Cas was definitely a challenge, but one he was enjoying.
“It’s important.”
He shouldn’t. He really shouldn’t. Something about Winchester shouted ‘danger’. Castiel didn’t want to examine the whys behind that too closely. Yet despite the danger, he was also intriguing. God help him, but Castiel was tempted. He didn’t usually indulge temptations. The price was often too high. But maybe just this once.
Dean didn’t want to listen, but he couldn’t keep it out. The speculation was insane. Cas had always been a model employee, always calm and collected, always professional. No one had anything real to say about him, so they had to make things up. The stories got wilder and wilder. Drug addiction? What the hell? Embezzling?
Deli turkey, really? If that was their Thanksgiving meal, it was even more pathetic than the frozen turkey product in the aluminum pan.
Cas looked up. “Hello, Dean.”
“Yeah, but I really need to catch up on some of my other stuff before I start something like a major remodel. At a minimum he needs to do something with the kitchen, if he doesn’t go with a larger addition. He
“Can check references. I can.” Gabriel knew that the idea of cold calling people was enough to give Castiel hives, while Gabriel had no problem at all with it. When they were children he’d pranked people on the phone so often that his phone had been confiscated. Not that he’d allowed that to stop him. He’d simply gotten more creative.
Cas looked down at his hands, suddenly unable to look up and meet Dean’s gaze. He felt such a complicated mix of emotions, some of which made sense, many of which didn’t. There was anger. That was actually good, that he could be angry. Not so long ago his primary reaction would be guilt and shame. He
Well. Nothing to be gained by standing on the step. He unlocked the cottage door and went inside, lighting the oil lamp and going about his evening routine. After making himself a simple meal, he settled down to read through more of the strange book Mr. Winchester had delivered to him.
“We’re heading back to the hotel now, Castiel,” Michael said. “Get your things together.”
“Well.” Sam looked around, then leaned closer, close enough to speak right against Dean’s ear. “The painting is missing. The one on display in the antechamber, with the two dragons. It’s gone.”
Dean huffed a laugh at that. Of course Cas would find character more important than physical appearance. But wait.
“I liked her,” Castiel said eventually, after Gabriel had gone to find the washer and dryer and get the bedding tossed into the laundry. The sounds the machines made were vaguely alarming, but they did seem to be working.
He looked over at Cas, sitting forward on the couch as he watched the movie, fully absorbed in it.
“It appears so,” he agreed, bemused. “Well. That’s excellent, since I like her as well.”
Cas simply met his gaze, saying nothing further.
Hard to miss the man who came striding into the courthouse as though he owned the place, dressed in a fancy suit that was incredibly out of place. He went to the service window, hit the bell too many times.
“Yeah, yeah. Getting too close to things that HR can’t pretend he didn’t hear. Okay.”
Cas looked at the two of them. “To Wizard Technology. And my conversion.”
“Oh no, oh shit, I’m so sorry,” he exclaimed, searching for a napkin.
According to the maps of the area, the stream that ran through his property joined up with the river upstream of Caroline. Perhaps someday he would walk or even run that path, seeing what lay between here and there. It would be a long trip but certainly doable, assuming the terrain was negotiable. He found the idea appealing. Long walks by the water were pleasant, and soothing.
“Charlie— ”
“I had some business to finish up, but I got done faster than I thought and got here as soon as I could. Imagine my surprise to find out that ‘Danny’ is actually my old pal ‘Deanie’.”
Cas’ gaze narrows. “It’s the correct usage.”
After the interview process was over, Dean sat with Adler in his office. “So after talking to all the candidates, I’d like to extend the offer to Billie Harding. She really impressed me during the interview, and her references were all glowing.”
“You’ve been acting differently. Distracted.”
“Apparently Mr. Roman is a bibliophile.”
"Holy shit," Dean murmurs, pitching his voice low. "Look at this thing!"
As soon as Chuck closed the door behind himself, Cas turned towards Dean with a stricken expression. “Dean… I’m so sorry. I should have foreseen this.”
"Of course," he says, keeping his tone polite and respectful. "We'll just go up and ... refresh."
“Guess you’ll have to go in and check it out.”
“That sounds amazing. I’ve heard all about your awesome cooking, but I haven’t had a chance to try it yet. Do you want me to bring anything? Bread? Maybe some beer? Or wine, I suppose, if you’re making fancy stuff.” Dean didn’t even pause, talking right through Cas’ panicked silence. Could it be that he hadn’t even noticed? Either that or was just disregarding it?
“Hey Cas,” Dean said, his voice warm even through the tinny cell phone. “I was wondering… are you busy tonight? I finished my job today a little earlier than expected, so I have some extra time. I thought maybe you’d like to hang out, maybe watch a movie or something.”
“Dean.” Suddenly there was someone else there, kneeling on the ground beside him.
Bela stepped further into his office, walking the short distance to his desk with a distinctive sway to her hips. “So, Dean…” Bela said, hiking one leg up as she sat on the corner of his desk. Her skirt had a slit in it that reached almost to her hip. It fell away, revealing the long length of her leg. She did have nice legs, he absently noticed. Not that the sight of them did anything for him, other than triggering a vague aesthetic appreciation. “Now that Naomi is retiring, have you given any thought to who you’ll hire for the open position?”
Dean got to his feet and took cover around a corner, sighting down the barrel of his sidearm, looking for a shot — and wondering what the hell was taking the backup so long to get here. Surely that trumpeting dragon roar would have caught someone’s attention.
“Make pasta? Like, from scratch?” The incredulity in Dean’s voice was hard to miss.
“I’m considering making a garden too. It will need to be far enough from the house that it doesn’t get trampled when construction starts. We’ll likely make an addition. This kitchen, while spacious by Victorian standards, is cramped by modern ones.”
“You’re trying to kill me. I know it.”
Emma and Claire were talking, whispering low enough that Dean couldn’t make out what they were saying above the hum of the freezers. But then both little girls turned as one.
Cas hands Dean a flute of champagne before taking one for himself. “Anna makes a lovely bride,” he observes, watching her with her new husband on the dance floor. The live band is alternating classics for the older crowd with newer music that resonates with the younger people.
“In so much as I’ve thought about this at all – and I’m not saying I have – it seems that the one to light a flame would be the simplest. All it requires is something that will burn, preferably a candle, and a small piece of flint, small enough to carry in a pocket.”
The silence continued for a long moment before Cas finally exhaled on a soft, puffing sigh. “You are not unintelligent, and I was not entirely circumspect in the information I shared with you,” he began, awkward as fuck. It was oddly endearing. “You may have deduced that I am associated with the Novak Wing.”
Dean grins. “I did well, thank you very much.”
February in Caroline was usually blah. It wasn’t so bad when there was snow on the ground. The snow covered a multitude of sins, making everything look all white and clean and sparkly in the sun. The first couple snowfalls in the season were downright magical, especially when they came in conjunction with the holiday displays along Main Street. The snow reflected the pretty lights and the big red ribbons tied around massive green wreathes. But half the time there wasn’t that much snow left in February, after a couple of mid-winter mini-thaws, like this year. No snow meant everything was just brown and sad and muddy.
Cas picked up the burger, inhaling the char-broiled aroma, then leaned forward over the plate before taking a bite. Flavorful juices exploded across his tastebuds. “Oh.”
The original plan was to slip away just before dawn on the day of the wedding. That would balance minimizing the time he wouldn’t be where he was supposed to be against the benefits of using the cover of darkness to make his escape. In broad daylight no one would miss a dragon flying away from the palace; in darkness his blue-black scales would be difficult to spot.
Dean waited, arms crossed, to hear him out further.
“Gotta say I’d prefer the view at a national park or something less manufactured, but this is nice too,” he muses aloud.
“I know.” He didn’t have to like it, but he knew Gabriel wouldn’t stay here forever. A month at the most, probably less.
Dean frowned, not having moved ahead with Cas. His brain had stalled somewhere on ‘dragon’, and needed a moment to catch up.
“Anyhow, yeah, I’d definitely have time in my calendar to work on that place. So what’s for lunch?” He turned his brightest smile on his sister-in-law. “Hopefully not just rabbit food.”
Cas chuckled softly, and Dean grinned as though it were the best thing ever.
Now that it was warmer out, Cas tended to wear short-sleeved shirts while he was writing. Dean paused in the door frame, watching him. The headphones weren’t exactly flattering, but Dean liked the way Cas’ hair curled around the cups, liked the way Cas scowled faintly at his laptop between dashes of mad typing.
Deeply concentrating on a key action scene in his current book, Cas startled when his phone rang. He wasn’t used to getting calls. He picked up the phone with only a little irritation for being interrupted in the middle of a good writing flow. He’d been tempted to let it go to voicemail, but the caller ID said ‘Gabriel’, and he had said he would call back tonight. So Cas saved his work and picked up his phone.
He hadn’t come here with the intention of hooking up, not tonight. He’d just wanted to relax for an hour or two before the madness resumed, but if an opportunity dropped right into his lap, who was he to ignore it?
a sense of humor.”
“Of course,” Cas says before he turns. When he does he stops dead in his tracks.
“Oh wow, look at the time,” Dean exclaimed. “I gotta get going here. I’ve got another appointment this afternoon.”
“Hey, I’m just speculating. Based on what I’ve learned about Michael and Lucifer Novak.”
“Not the same way you were at Anna’s wedding,” he says. “I miss you like that. I miss
Cas flicks his gaze towards them, then back. He’s been a little off since Dean had the brilliant idea to haul him up to the overlook and kiss him. Dean won’t pretend he isn’t kind of upset about Cas’ reaction, but he’s not going to show it. He’d kind of hoped… but no. Not thinking about that right now.
“Yes. They’re in the satchel.”
Charlie clapped her hands together and smiled brightly at the both of them. “So, Cas, Dean and I were talking. You have any plans for New Year’s Eve? Because we’re doing a Lord of the Rings marathon. Probably a Lord of the Rings New Year’s Eve and Day slumber party, because let’s be real, we won’t be done by midnight and we’ll have to finish up on New Year’s Day, after the Rose Parade.”
“The home of the angels?” Dean snorts. “From what I’ve heard about your aunt and uncle, not to mention your cousins, that seems singularly inapt. So, Mr. Architect, what style is this place, anyhow?”
Cas looked up, gave the impression of rolling his eyes even when he didn’t do anything more than look straight at him. “Come in, Dean, and close the door behind you,” he said. “Personnel discussions require more privacy.”
“Right, sounds like a good plan. Good night, Cas.”
“As I said, used to non-traditional options. I’ll be fine. I’ll see you in the morning, you heading back to the archives?”
Mr. Winchester shook Gabriel’s hand and smiled at Castiel, not making a move to try and shake his hand. That was interesting, and refreshing. He hadn’t even made one of those aborted gestures that people made when they started to do something and then changed their mind halfway through the motion. It was just a smooth evaluation and transition into the simple smile.
“That’s a relief.” Castiel unlocked the front door and stepped inside. He set his satchel down on the catch-all table just inside the door, dropped his keys in the bowl there. “Welcome to my humble abode,” he said, mouth twisted wryly. He looked around the front room with a different perspective, wondering what Dean saw, what he thought. When he’d come by on Friday evening, all Castiel had been thinking about was the book and the translation. He hadn’t devoted any thought to what Dean might think of his home.
She smiled kindly. “Please to meet you, Mr. Novak.”
“Of course, Ms. Haversham,” he said, directing a stern glare in Castiel’s direction.
“Actually they’re quite brilliant, they —”
“Yes… yes, I know. Dean and Sam have mentioned you. I… I am pleased to meet you, Sheriff. I am Castiel Novak.”
“He looked great. Said he was in town to see his grandpa. He had his fiancé with him. I hadn’t known he was engaged, did you?”
“If these are in payment of the applicable fees, you’ll have to fill out the form first, then leave it and the payment at the cash office. Records requests usually take six to eight weeks to fulfill.”
“Do not be coy with me, Dean, there is not time for games. The Walker Wing. Are you familiar with it?”
“Right.” Dean sat down in the chair across from Cas’ desk, pushing it out far enough that he could cross his legs, one foot raised to rest on his knee. It was a Tuesday, so Cas was wearing one of the navy blue suits. Unusually, however, he was also wearing a gray tie with diagonal red stripes.  “Hey, living dangerously today,” he said.
Cas swallowed back the bile rising in his throat. “Michael and Luc are incapable of just letting something be if they have the slightest belief that they’re not getting what they believe they are entitled to.”
“Jody? Oh, that’s good, that’s good. I’m hanging up now, but I’ll be right there.”
“Well sure. It’s your ancestral home, right? One of them, anyhow. From one root of your family tree. I like listening to you when you’re talking about something you’re interested in.”
And yet… and yet.
“I’ve always been rather fond of Luke myself.”
“I’ll have to spend more time working with it. My first translations are rudimentary, not rigorous. There are symbols that I did not understand, which could change the meaning.”
“Dude. She’s been pushing me at you practically from the beginning. She knows I’ve been mooning after you forever. Yes. She’ll be thrilled. And those double dates can
“What are you doing for New Year’s?” she asked, leaning back into the sofa and resting her stockinged feet on the edge of the coffee table.
Dean didn’t watch him walk away, or notice how his shoulders filled out that wretched coat. Not at all.
Cas simply nodded, hoping that his disappointment wasn’t visible. “Of course, Dean. Thank you for your assistance. I would not have gotten anywhere near this far without your help.”
“Yeah, we haven’t had enough time yet to really absorb that this place belongs to Castiel now, so he doesn’t know, either. I’m guessing the kitchen’s going to be pretty high on the list. He likes to cook. Good at it, too.” He smiled fondly at the younger man.
She smiled. “Of course. This is a holiday. Ordinary beer would be far too ordinary.”
“Awesome!” Dean grinned, then hesitated. “Y’know, Cas, we should celebrate the end of Phase I. Maybe go out for a beer? We could go on the early side. The Roadhouse is pretty quiet on a Tuesday afternoon.” As far as Dean knew, and he was certain he would have heard, Cas had yet to make an appearance at the local businesses. He had his groceries and other supplies delivered. He didn’t even have a car yet, though he did some running, and had been working out in the yard.
Alfie had also had a sweetly plump lower lip.
After changing into sturdy jeans and walking shoes, Cas joined Dean outside, and they walked through the overgrown meadow towards the trees and merrily babbling creek at the rear of the property.
One thing he did know, he wasn't about to get to sleep any time soon. With a sigh, he levered himself up to a seated position and swung his legs off the side of the bed. Might as well get some work done, if he was this alert.
“Not anything particularly, no. Not above everything else. This is rather the quintessential American small town atmosphere, isn’t it.”
Cas arched a brow and gave him a hard look.
“The policy wouldn’t have stopped the affair.”
The draconian policy bothered him, but… well, he hadn’t accepted the position at Sandover for its matchmaking possibilities. Just because he objected to the policy in principle didn’t mean that he saw it ever applying to him personally.
Just because the better he got to know Cas, the more he liked him… no.
Castiel considered that. “Perhaps you’re right.”
“Hi Cas,” she replied, not looking away from the display. When she was absorbed in something she could be incredibly focused.
The next day Castiel pulled his robe around himself, feeling self-conscious, before emerging from his room into the front room. Dean was still sprawled out on the upholstered chair, his feet on the ottoman, one pillow crammed under his head, the other bunched up in his arms. His mouth was slightly open. The sun, filtered through the lace undercurtains, shone on his face, illuminating the sprinkling of freckles on his cheeks and the bridge of his nose.
“Hey,” he returned the greeting, pretending to go in for a hug before wrinkling his nose. “Ew. You’re all gross and sweaty.”
Cas huffed a laugh. “I imagine they would. I imagine I would as well.”
A few trips later and the boxes of books were returned to the room, and the writing table and chair located just so in the middle of the floor, facing the view of the windows. “Do you not have anywhere other than the boxes to keep your books?”
“I admire Eowyn too. But I wouldn’t think to call her ‘hot’. My aesthetics slant more in Aragorn’s direction.”
Gabriel reached out to pat his knee, then stood up. “I think there are still some brownies. You want one?”
Dean frowned at that. “I missed it?”
Dean didn’t see it clearly, but Adler made a motion with his hand on the counter.
“Yeah, I… yeah.” The voices in his earpiece were shouting, the alert sounding.
“I fear this young man was entirely mistaken. What I have translated so far is pure nonsense. Folderol. If you paid money for it, you were taken for a fool.”
“That one,” Dean said, holding up a hand to pause Castiel’s reading. “The part about Malak.”
“You’ve been here before?” Gabe asked.
“Fuck,” he breathed under his breath.
“Yes. I would like the kitchen completed as quickly as is reasonable, though I recognize that first I need to make decisions as to what I wish to have done. I have been putting together some ideas. I will be ready to discuss them and get your thoughts within the next couple days.”
, damn it. Dad may have been the one to come out and greet them, but there’s no guarantee there aren’t various aunts, uncles, and cousins watching them from any of the numerous windows.
Before Cas realized it, more than two hours passed while sorting through boxes, discussing literature with Dean and finding the occasional sweets.
Circled around the slab were six robed and hooded people, four at the cardinal points, one slowly walking a circle outside the others, the sixth painting symbols on Dean’s naked chest. Dean twisted his torso with every stroke of the pen, hissing around the gag. From what he’d read in the journal, the paint was a mixture of blood and a weak acid – but clearly the acid was still strong enough to burn.
“Yeah, he is. He’s bringing his girlfriend, Eileen. I haven’t met her yet, so I’m looking forward to it. Sounds like he’s crazy about her, which…”
“No matter how many times it has happened, I still fail to understand how destroying pieces of great cultural significance can ever be a good idea, no matter whether or not they represent your own culture.”
Castiel swallowed hard, shook his head. “But you had no reason to, really. No reason to trust me enough to share your suspicions with me, no reason to believe I wouldn’t tell him anything you had told me in hopes of winning more favor with him and obtaining the donation he has dangled.”
, and how was that still, somehow, appealing?
Just last year Cas had watched
. You can’t have New Year’s Day without the Rose Parade. Those floats are
He slid to the side as one of the men got nearer, rushing the spell just a tiny bit. After the last word was spoken, he hurled the sphere in the direction of the pulsing green crystal.
“Yeah, I heard. No method to the madness. So, guess we just have to dig in, huh? Do you want to open everything first, make sure there’s nothing you’d be uncomfortable with me handling?”
Dean groans, but reluctantly accepts the papers. He knows Cas well enough to know that he’ll save himself a lot of time if he just gives in now, because he’s going to lose this battle no matter what. If he refuses to read them himself, Cas will read them aloud.
So what the hell did he do now? There wasn’t anything close enough to bind him, and the minute he let go, the fight would start again. Even now the man was struggling to buck Cas off of him. Cas’ face and knee were throbbing. He couldn’t keep this up forever.
Castiel nodded again. “I thought you might.” He met Dean’s gaze for a long moment, almost challenging, before the corner of his mouth quirked in an almost-smile. “Is there anything else I can offer assistance with?”
“She could use cousins,” Jess poked at him. “You’re going to make an awesome dad someday.”
It was definitely still early, so there weren’t many cars in the gravel parking lot. The Roadhouse was located on the edge of town, with a spacious empty field behind. In the summer wheat grew there. Kansas wheat. But right now there wasn’t much there. “Singer Salvage is just down that road,” he pointed out. “That’s Uncle Bobby’s place. He’s not technically a relative, but like he says, family don’t end in blood. He’s … special.” That didn’t even begin to cover what Bobby meant to him, but it was enough for now.
Cas touched his forehead lightly, brushed his hair back, before turning his attention to the wound on his chest. His fingers were gentle, but it still hurt when he eased back the edges of the sliced fabric to better see the damage.
Perhaps if he had he wouldn’t have been as vulnerable to Bartholomew’s ill intent.
“Watch--” he said, knowing he was too far away to be heard. Sure enough,  Cas’ stride pushed right into the box. He stumbled, arms coming out to stabilize his balance, but in the process knocking against a table holding about a dozen of the fancy ass vases that showed up the other day. The table juddered, the guy’s foot slipped, and he went down hard. The vases clinked together loudly enough that Dean could hear them from halfway across the courtyard.
“Very well, then,” Michael finally said. “But don’t call me in a couple hours complaining that all of the sheets are moth-eaten and everything smells funny.”
“I thought at the time that I must have seen it in Europe, since it superficially resembles a religious reliquary. But that’s not where I saw it.” He turned towards Dean, dread weighing heavy like a stone in the pit of his stomach. “It was in Richard Roman’s office, on his desk. It caught my eye because the light was hitting it in a way to make the crystal at its core glow, which I thought unusual. Now, knowing that magic is real… I don’t think it was the ambient light at all, but rather that the crystal was glowing with its own energy.”
, okay? He had bruises for weeks. Almost lost a toenail. Cas felt horribly guilty. Dean may have played it up a little in the interests of getting beverages delivered to his chair along with the occasional snack while he was watching TV. Not that he’d admit it.
Dean was working on a sales report for Adler one day when a group chat window opened up on his computer from Charlie. He clicked ‘join’, and saw Cas joined as well.
“I’ll do that.”
Dean threw a handful of popcorn at her.
The problem was logic told him there was every reason to be afraid. They had been attacked. Malignant magic was clearly in the air, and aimed at them. Dean was a detective, he knew how to defend himself, how to care for himself. Yet he’d deliberately chosen to return to Roman’s estate, the place he highly suspected was at the center of everything.
Castiel felt uneasy, but rationalized that perhaps he had gotten delayed. It didn’t have to mean he’d run into trouble.
“At home I usually sleep in the middle, so really doesn’t matter.”
“Please. Have a seat while I fry it up. I didn’t want to start it until I knew you were here. It’s better hot.”
“You… your…” Dean gestured vaguely towards his tie. “Never mind. So what’s the scoop?”
“It’s not an issue. I don’t want to keep you longer than you need to be. You’re putting in long days.”
Dean is surprised, however, to discover that apparently he’s not the only person who couldn’t sleep. When he steps into the kitchen, he’s met with the sight of Sam sitting at the table with his laptop in front of him, illuminated by the warm kitchen light. He pauses in the doorway, unsure of what to do or say before settling on clearing his throat to announce his presence, muttering, “Couldn’t sleep?”
over dying at the hands of a demon or hell hounds or vampires or even a rusty piece of rebar sticking out of a barn wall.
- Dean thinks that for the first time in his entire life, he truly understands what it means to love. To
is only temporary. He can’t shake the feeling that something terrible is waiting for them just around every corner, and it leaves him feeling on edge, paranoid and scared.
by any means, but when the sun begins setting at 4:30 during the winter, even 7:00 feels late. Or maybe that’s just Dean getting old. Jury’s still out.
relaxing. It brings a sense of normalcy to his strange, chaotic, fucked-up life. Zeppelin is playing in the shop’s speakers, he’s got grease on his hands, and most importantly, he has a quiet moment to himself to worry about nothing but fixing up his car - something that he can control.
Love is a…
Sam is quiet for a long moment as the reality of Castiel’s words settle around them, and in the end, it’s Eileen who finally breaks the silence, reaching across the table to grab Cas’ hand. “I’m glad you’re back, Cas.”
it. He hates that
It isn’t necessarily
Sam finally reaches forward to turn off the water. The room falls silent as Sam clearly formulates his next words, his next question, and for a moment, Dean regrets saying
And honestly, that’s just it. Deep down, he knows that it’s irrational and shitty and likely due to the fact that he has had to fight and claw and struggle his entire life, because he has spent so long hiding who he really is and thinking that he can’t have what he wants, but that doesn’t make it any less difficult. Dean
Cas opens his mouth to speak, but Dean cuts him off before he can say a word.
bathed in soft morning light, head tilted back against the sheets, lips parted on a gasp and eyes fluttering closed. Dean Winchester is beautiful in every which way, but he’s particularly beautiful like this, in a way that Castiel is lucky enough to see him now, so exposed and
And it’s stupid and cheesy and Dean always scoffs at him when he says it, but -
“Of course,” Sam replies before Dean has the chance to say anything stupid, sarcastic or embarrassing. “This is your home, too, Cas.”
and still, he fell in love with him. The realization of it, just knowing that Cas loves him, that he came back to be with him, regardless of whether the feeling was mutual, is nearly enough to bring Dean to his knees.
Of course Sam knows. Dean just blurted out the most obscure, random statement - they hadn’t even been discussing Castiel, they weren’t even talking
Maybe that’s Cas getting to him, with his gentle touches and his kind words and his understanding, patient eyes. He never pushes Dean too hard, but he also challenges him to get better, and Dean has needed someone like that for longer than he’d care to admit. Whenever he feels like it’s too much, that eventually, Cas is going to realize how broken and fucked up he is and leave, Dean reminds himself that Cas chose to love him in the face of all of his flaws -
Dean recognizes that gaze in a heartbeat.
without so much as looking in his direction. After two years, they’ve become accustomed to each other’s routines. It comes as no surprise that Sam knows the sound of Dean arriving late at night, and it always does something strange to Dean’s chest to know that they’ve become so
It’s funny, really. His last hunt was nearly three weeks ago, and the one before that almost two months ago, yet some instincts are ingrained for life. The lights flicker, and Dean pauses, holding his breath, waiting for the other shoe to drop.
When Cas steps back into the bedroom, it’s to find Dean a little more awake, propped up on one elbow, scrolling through something on his phone. He looks up, though, when Cas steps back into the room, offering a soft smile, and the sight stops Cas in his tracks. It’s so mundane, really, Dean lying there in his underwear, sheets falling down around his waist, the planes of his chest and stomach bathed in morning light and drastic shadows. He looks like a renaissance painting, though if Cas voiced that thought out loud, he’s sure he’d never hear the end of it.
“We missed you too, man,” Sam replies, reaching forward to clasp Cas on his shoulder.
ain't that a question?
If Cas keeps speaking, Dean doesn’t hear him. Instead, he’s too focused on the emotional journey that Castiel is putting him through right now. Obviously, at the forefront, he feels relief, joy and elation, but Dean knows better than to accept things at face value. So if he takes a step backwards at all, it’s because he’s wary, worried that this is some kind of trick or a trap.
than he does of most monsters, but… but at the same time, it’s a calming, freeing feeling, knowing what he’s about to tell Cas, even if he doesn’t quite know the right words to say. And in this moment, he understands why just
And Dean doesn’t miss the way that Cas pauses, hesitating for just a split second before a warm smile spreads across his face and he murmurs out,
Dean clears his throat. “We uh - we should probably sit down.”
Cas just assumed that he’d never find himself here, that there was no conceivable way that he’d end up here, and yet here he is. Sometimes, he finds himself thinking back to that fateful day in the bunker, when he spilled it all, when he saved Dean’s life and sacrificed his own, and he wonders how he ever ended up here. When Castiel experienced
fault, because it’s not. It’s just years and years of pent up trauma that he brushed under the rug, assuming he’d never even make it far enough to need to address it.
It isn’t until Dean climbs into bed, the mattress dipping slightly under his weight, that Cas stirs, turning slightly to crack an eye open and look up at him in the dark. “Everything okay?” he mumbles, half awake, voice raspy with sleep.
“So you mean you’ve been out for a while,” Dean says, not a question. Cas didn’t necessarily answer him, but he didn’t need to. He said enough, and again, Dean isn’t sure if he should be angry or relieved.
“It’s the little things,” Sam always says, in reference to a nice, home cooked meal, or the company of a friend when they swing by the bunker for a few days, or coffee waiting for him in the morning because Eileen is
Or -”
while Castiel’s story began in the seedy depths of Hell, rescuing a man who thought that he didn’t deserve to be saved and seeing every piece of his mind and soul laid bare before reconstructing him piece by broken piece. Castiel’s part in this story has always been much more poetic. Compared to him, Dean sometimes feels like he’s simply stumbling through life, lucky to even
wishes that he could believe it. He wants so badly to believe it, but time and time again, life and fate have proven him wrong.
But then Dean looks up at his brother and thinks of everything they’ve been through together, and he decides that
This time, Cas doesn’t repeat those words. Instead, he murmurs a soft, “I know,” and frankly, it’s more grounding than anything else. Somehow, just those two words make Dean feel much better than he expected, because he isn’t alone in this.
because he can’t handle losing Cas again, because he doesn’t know if he’d be able to take it if this happy ending was ripped away from them.
So Cas
Ten years ago, maybe Dean would have adjusted to
As he looks up at none other than Castiel standing before him.
hair sticking up in all directions, cheeks flushed, pupils blown wide. Just the sight is enough to suck the breath from Cas’ lungs. He maintains his composure, though, furrowing a brow as he responds, “I’d hardly say that I’m -”
push, that he was the one pressing Cas into the mattress, but that’s beside the point. “That’s not it. I just -”
talk about it. If anyone can understand him, it’s Sam. And it has been a long time coming.
- and he feels…
vulnerable and
He remembers that day like it was yesterday, although he’s sure that Cas recalls it differently. Dean’s part in the story began in a rural barn, with exploding lightbulbs and ominous warnings and
this isn’t what he expected. “Are you fucking kidding me, man? You’ve been back
Eventually, Cas comes up for air, because that’s a
“So what now?” Cas asks sometime later, offering Dean this happy, crooked smile that Dean has never, not
just as Dean starts to convince himself that maybe, it
anything else. He loved his willingness to learn, to grow, to adapt and change. He loved the way the crows feet around his eyes would crinkle when he was concentrating or laughing or smiling, and the way that he could say a thousand words with just one look.
- pulled him out of The Empty. “It’s difficult to keep time in any… plane,” he continues, “Heaven, Hell, Purgatory… The Empty is no exception. I was barely conscious when he came for me, it took… a while, before I was myself again.”
. They don’t show you what
, even if Dean doesn’t quite have everything he wants, even if he still finds himself skimming through old books late at night when he can’t get Cas off his mind and the guilt becomes too much.
“Your mouth,” Dean answers almost immediately, breathless, “Your hand -
But now, when Dean meets his own gaze in the mirror, it isn’t a stranger looking back at him. He knows that he has a lot of work to do, a lot of
Who he
Dean mutters, effectively cutting him off. He doesn’t look at Cas when he speaks, instead training his gaze down at the table, at the space where their names are carved into the wood. Still,
“I’ll go wherever you are, Dean,” Cas says, and
feel nothing short of perfect. It should consist of Dean lazily blinking his eyes open against warm morning sunlight while Cas presses kisses to the back of his neck, of wandering hands and lazy movements and
hard to adjust, you know?”
then taking two steps forward to pull Cas in for a tight, bone-crushing hug.
frankly
Dean swallows, his throat suddenly feeling extremely tight when he mutters,
in a tight voice, thick with emotion, before Sam wraps him up in a hug and replies,“I know. Me too.”
Shortly after Dean drains the last of his beer, he crosses the room to reach for a half-full bottle of whiskey, deciding that if he’s really going to do this, then maybe he should have something strong on standby, just in case things go awry. He turns, lifting it up towards Cas in a silent question, and the other man simply shrugs and nods. After he has poured a couple of fingers of the amber liquor into two glasses, handing one over to Cas, he leans up against the counter in what he hopes is a casual motion.
Before he can talk himself out of it, Dean shakes his head, deciding that there’s no better time than
however, control what happened to Cas, and even now, nearly a month removed from that fateful day, it’s still eating Dean up inside. It’s eating him up because after everything Castiel ever did for him - all the times he saved Dean’s ass or brought him back from Hell or Purgatory or the brink of destruction, all the times he offered a shoulder to lean on or an open mind or a listening ear - Dean couldn’t be there for him when he needed him the most.
Sam replies, his tone saying so much more than the one word, like Dean is crazy for thinking that he wouldn’t understand. “You’re not alone in that. I’ve felt the same way ever since we defeated Chuck. Every morning I wake up next to Eileen and I think…” he trails off, shaking his head, and Dean knows
“You ever think we’d end up here?” he asks, breaking the silence in the quiet kitchen.
now, whatever he needs, and Cas will gladly give it to him. Cas will always give him anything that he asks for.
pop by an urgent care in the morning,
Wordlessly, Dean moves until he’s cupping Cas’ face in his hands, and as he looks at the other man -
“Well, I’d hazard to guess that dad wasn’t too keen on keeping up with our boosters,” Sam retorts with a fond shake of his head, “Can’t remember the last time he actually took one of us to a
he knows what true happiness feels like. Although saying it
Dean stops himself, unsure of what to say, how to explain. How does he even begin to tell Cas that it’s not that he doesn’t feel comfortable, that he wants nothing more than to be able to kiss the life out of him, to make love to him without worrying about the future, but he
He’s grateful, because deep down, he knows that this…
Granted, this wasn’t the way I wanted to -”
enough back then, nothing will beat the feeling of Dean
Cas starts, a protest forming on his lips, but the other man is quick to silence it.
So as he turns, he swings hard and fast, and -
But bless his heart, Sam doesn’t push him to speak before he’s ready. He doesn’t get impatient when Dean takes a few long moments to begin to explain. He just…
Because in what world could Dean Winchester love someone like Castiel back so fully and deeply as Castiel loved him?
and he’ll be damned if he doesn’t take advantage of it.
He might be a few weeks or months or even years out of the game, but his body is on autopilot as he races through the garage, pulling open the unlocked door to the lobby with little grace and plenty of rage. Dean swings first and asks questions later, but when he turns again, he’s met once more with -
, and he can’t
“You had unfinished business, I get it,” Dean assures. And really, he does. He knows that Castiel’s sense of loyalty and gratitude is no joke. If Jack needed help in Heaven after he pulled him from The Empty, it’s no surprise that Cas jumped right on it. That’s just who he is. It’s what Dean
For a moment, time seems to stand still. Dean remains frozen stock still in place, staring into the eyes of the one person that he has missed more than anything, who he has prayed to nearly every night for two full years, who he -
his hang ups were as simple as uncomfortability with his own sexuality, but it’s more so the lingering feeling that this isn’t going to last, that something terrible is about to happen, and he fucking
Although, he wouldn’t be lying if he said that he would have appreciated a sign. He would have done
and they don’t need to feel rushed. And it
whenever they part ways, even if Dean is just running to the store and back and -
What made
that Sam doesn’t even feel worried when someone steps into the bunker late at night.
For the longest time, Dean
And it doesn’t feel right. It feels as if God or Gabriel or Lucifer is going to pop out at any minute and scream
He crosses the room at that, not bothering to shut the door behind him, allowing even more light to spill into the safehaven that is their bedroom, and before long, Cas is kneeling on their plush mattress, reaching out for Dean. He doesn’t say anything because he doesn’t need to. In the three years that they’ve been
for countless friends and found family who all taught him a little bit more about himself and his own capacity for love over the years. And
it’s relieving to know that this wasn’t one big hallucination or breakdown. He’s really here. It’s really him. “It’s good to see you both.”
happiness now isn’t in just saying it - it’s in the home that they share, in the life that they’ve built together. True happiness is the pride that he feels when he leaves The Roadhouse after a long day, it’s long dives in the mountains and not worrying about hurrying home. It’s spending lazy afternoons in bed, watching movies together or Dean teaching him a new recipe when they cook together. It’s laying in bed next to Dean and watching the way that the warm morning sunlight lights up his eyes.
When Sam glances up from the laptop, he seems surprised to see him. “No,” he replies after a moment of studying him, “You?”
Cas can’t help the smile that finds its way onto his face.
when he’s like this
As Cas lays in bed with Dean, watching the softly falling snow outside their bedroom window, admiring the way that the brilliant morning light seems to make Dean’s eyes shine countless different shades of emerald and jade and forest green, he finds himself thinking of the two years that he spend rebuilding heaven with Jack. He wouldn’t go back and trade
and he loves the way that Cas curls up against him after a long day. He loves how
But right now, the trunk is locked, the keys are in the ignition, and he needs to think, and think
That’s not to say that he’s not reasonable, though. Cas knows that he lets it go just a little too far - he should have stopped when Dean started getting handsy - but it isn’t until Dean is kissing down the column of his throat that Cas finally makes the decision to pull back, just slightly, enough to look him in the eyes and give him an apologetic smile.
so special?
“But to answer your question, it feels
his happily ever after, a normal life after the darkness has passed, but Castiel, the one person who gave him hope to hold onto, who believed in him when he shouldn’t have and loved him despite all of his flaws, isn’t here to share it with him. With them.
of everything. Baby steps.
Dean huffs out a quiet laugh. “Yeah.”
“Hello Sam, Eileen,” Cas greets to Dean’s right, and
“Well, I’d safely assume that we’re not the only ones,” Sam suggests after a moment’s consideration, “I’m sure that Cas feels a similar way.”
" - The Midnight
Before Dean had a chance to say those three little words back.
back then, he was naive enough to think that it couldn’t get much better than that - it couldn’t get better finally telling Dean how he felt without worrying about whether or not the feeling was reciprocated, because
or whatever the hell he was about to say, Dean is dropping the tire iron to the floor with a loud
- Dermot Kennedy
man - this man who managed to kill God and stop countless apocalypses and change the world for the better time and time again - can look at Castiel, former angel of the lord, like that and make him feel like nothing else on earth matters? How is it that Castiel managed to fall, both figuratively and literally for this very man, and how is it that this man loves him back?
It’s snowing outside, and Castiel can’t
Sam asks after a moment, almost immediately latching onto Dean’s train of thought.
Before Dean has a chance to come back with an explanation or a witty retort, Sam offers him a gentle smile, and thankfully takes his silence as enough of an answer. “You had your own shit going on,” he says, “I didn’t want to add anything to your plate.”
It’s just a step to the right. No big deal.
So just as Cas moves to swing his legs over the edge of the bed, Dean wraps an arm impossibly tighter around his middle, pulling him back down into the plush blankets.
is where he is at forty-three years old - a huddled mess on the floor of his bedroom because he can’t even make out with the man that he loves because he can’t get the image of his dead body out of his head.
just play it off in a lighthearted manner, make a joke out of it,
Seemingly sensing that this conversation is taking a rather serious turn, Sam shuts his laptop before admitting, “Yeah man, I think about it all the time.” Then, after a beat, he adds, leaning forward just a little, “What brought this on?”
you got out?” Sam asks about an hour later, long after they’ve put Cas through the usual tests (despite Dean’s insistence that
- yet he just
It’s an awkward movement beneath the covers, but it’s completely worth it when Cas eventually turns to face Dean, fully taking in the sight of him now. The room isn’t much brighter than it had been when he originally awoke, but that doesn’t make the sight of Dean, his face framed in soft, brilliant morning light any less stunning. The rays of sunlight that manage to seep in between the cracks in the curtain bring out the natural highlights (and even some grays) in Dean’s messy hair and catch subtle flecks of gold floating in the green pools of his irises. He looks… well,
what you wanted, too?”
“I -”
Instead, he just
Dean already understands that this was Cas’
Apparently, Cas
do, just to make sure that this isn’t some fucked up hallucination or a trickster or shapeshifter or demon or
Thankfully, Cas (or at least, what
- Ben Howard
And Sam just nods in his direction, his smile widening just a little bit. “Anytime.”
“I can’t imagine how hard it was, keeping that to yourself for two years,” Sam continues, and Dean can’t help but scoff at his words. It’s not a bitter, angry thing, but more so an attempt to lighten the mood.
And despite the nagging voice in the back of his head telling him that they’ll never be safe, that they’ll never find happiness, Dean nods. Dean
Cas looks away at that, his jaw clenching for just the briefest seconds before schools his face once more, as if deciding whether or not to continue speaking before adding, “And it came at a great cost.”
have passed, and Dean has begun to actually make a
Years ago, Cas never imagined that he’d be privileged enough to get to know Dean like this, so intimately, so soft and gentle and
“Yeah, it’s in the being, not the having,
that he’ll live to hunt another day, that he’ll live to
Sam, bless his soul, doesn’t give Dean shit or harass him for not
And not in the sense that Sam doesn’t want to hear it or doesn’t want to see it for what it is. Instead, it feels more like… acceptance, if Dean was looking for a word to describe it.
It has been well over two years since the end of the world and the end of
that Cas feels like his chest might burst.
Dean interrupts, a hint of impatience bleeding into his tone, his fingers tightening in his hair once more. In return, Cas simply offers him a small, playful smile - he knows
It was hard, losing both of them at once. So to know that Jack has been watching them, even from afar,
For a moment, as he fought with some shitty vampires in a dusty, worn-down barn in the middle of nowhere, Dean felt like he was in
without fear that it’s going to be ripped away all too soon.
He’s really not sure what does it - if it’s the solid, tangible feeling of Castiel’s naked body pressed against his own beneath the sheets, or if it’s the way that Cas rubs a thumb tenderly over his cheekbone as they kiss, or if it’s the way Cas sounds when he murmurs his name, low and heady, but -
at times - because what world was worth fighting for if someone as
I’m an asshole.” He looks up at Sam, his eyes wide as they peer through his fingers, “You’ve talked to Eileen about this?”
Dean thinks. They
, indeed, snowed in.
For a moment, Dean just takes the image of him in - messy hair, squinting eyes, furrowed brow and all - and he can’t help but wonder how he didn’t see it before. He can’t help but wonder how he was so blind, how he couldn’t tell until Cas’ teary-eyed confession that he felt the same way, how he didn’t realize until
He feels grateful that he somehow came out the other end seemingly unscathed. He feels grateful that he still has his brother, still has a roof over his head, still has a chance to start over, but -
It’s kind of comical now, looking back on it, what his true happiness looks like compared to back then. And while Cas will always stand by the fact that just saying it would have been enough, he can’t deny that this feels
Even shrouded in shadow, even in such a confined space with adrenaline pumping through his veins, there’s no mistaking those eyes, nor the weight of that gaze - a gaze that he got to know well, that he grew fond of and even… even fell in love with over the course of twelve long years.
So twenty minutes later, as they’re both standing at the sink, Sam washing dirty dishes and Dean drying them (and
It’s an invitation, and Sam immediately latches onto it, understanding exactly what it means. “We are,” he says with a small smile, then thoughtfully adds, “We’ve been through a lot, Dean. I think I would be more worried if it
“You said I changed you, but did you ever think that you changed me, too? Your kindness, your open heart, your drive to do the right thing and that
- likely to ask if Dean is
Maybe Cas first noticed it when he realized that Dean never once gave up on him in Purgatory (“I prayed to you, Cas, every night”). Or maybe it was a slow thing that creeped up on him, when Dean continued to sacrifice everything again and again in a hopeless attempt to save the world. Yeah, maybe it was Dean’s unwavering hope that good would triumph over evil, that if they fought hard enough, they’d win. Maybe, Cas realized it upon their first meeting, but simply didn’t have a word to put to the feeling or the realization back then when he looked right into those brilliant green eyes and saw fear and anger, but also determination and hope and compassion. Maybe it happened when Cas methodically pieced his soul back together by the atom, before they even properly met, when the core of who Dean was as a person was laid bare before him, because that alone was beautiful in itself.
to trust Castiel, because if he doesn’t have that, then what does he have?
“That we’d be able to be
“Well, not
thought, Cas takes a deep breath, smiles to himself, and sheepishly makes his way back to their bedroom. He’ll have to send a text to their staff and let them know that they won’t be opening today, but that can wait at least a few minutes, he decides, as he pads quietly back down the hallway. The door is still cracked open from when Cas stepped out just a couple of minutes ago, so he only has to push it open gently when he steps foot back inside.
