He shakes his head and takes a short breath, before he looks at Cas, who studies the bar from behind the windshield. When he feels Dean’s eyes on him, he turns his head and the hunter can’t help but notice the dark purple circles under his blue irises, stronger than ever.
With a wide move of her bony wings, she pushes him into the crowd and he falls on his back, soon surrounded by dozens of creatures and suddenly, their faces without flaws become monstrous, illuminated by a devouring insanity as their hands reach out to him, scratch his skin, search a way to rip out his veins his bones. He sees little knives, he sees claws, he sees teeth under the moon and a sudden rush of strength helps him pushing them for a second before he gets on his feet, trembling from head to toe.
The stranger frowns and for a second, his eyes are illuminated, like he was suddenly going to smile again and shakes Dean's hand vigorously, pulling him into a tight hug.
He sighs and closes his eyes, Castiel's heart and his own beating at the speed of light crossing space to dive into their irises. There is a red flash behind his closed eyelids and the wind falls. The air grows colder.
“My name is Amara.” She says with the same monotonous tone, but Dean notices the way she looks at him. Fascinated, as if he was the most beautiful butterfly on the field, the one she was going to catch in her hands before pinning him up behind a pretty frame above her bed.
“You'll have to.” Dean answers, his head tilting slightly, eyes soon filled with a soft compassion that makes Castiel's rage burn brighter.
“Even if you had the power, you couldn’t keep him from dying. It’s his fate. And we’re meant to observe them and carry them to Death, make sure they do not stay in between because their souls rot and fell into decay the months before their deaths.”
Charlie and Eileen arrive, short feathers spread behind them. The redhead's blade is already in her hand, as the half-angel holds a strange sharp knife with a wooden handle. Lucifer walks slowly to them and there is not even a hint of surprise or fear in his eyes, and it strikes something in Dean. He frowns but brushes it away, focusing on the threat.
again, her eyes opening wide in awe as her pale hands hold the blade carefully, watching the smooth surface glimmer in her fingers. Dean smiles again and gives Castiel another knowing look, to what the angel answers by turning around and walking away, leaving the hunter confused.
Cas has a painful sobs and he leans his head against the cool tiles of the wall, letting the water pour down on him. He looks at it swirling at his feet, tainted of a dirty brown, small branches and pieces of moss sinking with it. He then feels nausea shake in his stomach and suddenly he hates this skin, these bones, for they hold too many memories and it makes him feel like an ocean trapped in a bottle.
Dean had nodded, incapable of saying more and both of them had soon fall asleep again, too exhausted by that emotion-draining day to stay awake any longer.
Castiel is pointing at a decoration the shape of a star, threads of golden light flickering behind it to make it look like it’s falling. But it’s not what Dean’s looking at.
He saw the room becoming more and more blurry and he had a strangled sob. He started when he heard his name, and for a second he thought he had dreamed it, but when he turned his head in an incredibly painful move, he saw Castiel entering the kitchen before he sat beside him, eyes wide and worried.
“I have no lessons to take from you” the officer tells Cas, his eyes dark. He then leans to Dean and handcuffs him. When he tries to defend himself, the cop hits his temple with the handle of his gun, leaving Dean in a shocked haze. “Now, you should go, before I change my mind” he says, glaring at Cas. “And I swear that if anyone hears about this, I’ll hunt you down.”
Castiel felt his blood starting to boil. Lucifer was clearly entertained by the situation and was playing with him like a cat with a mouse.
The angel with brown wings raises his head to look at him and suddenly his mouth is distorted into a silent growl, and he runs to him. Dean avoids blow after blow, but he feels his energy flying away, while the angels don’t seem to get tired and suddenly he’s swallowed back by them, a tide of wings and revengeful grins eating him whole like sweet candy.
Lucifer now seemed to boil of anger. His eyes suddenly turned to glowing red, and his voice sounded like a dozen when he repeated, “Jack, come with me. It’s an order.”
Amara opened her mouth and tried to explain but before she could say something, she was already running in the plain, the man after her, threatening her of all the words a wounded heart can spit. She ran for miles, and she only stopped long after he collapsed on the road behind her, curling into a ball of sorrow and terrible suffering, surrounded by dark pines. Amara's heart shattered when she saw his haunted eyes staring at her, but the worst of all was still the expression on the mother's face, the confusion, the betrayal, the anger, the ache all mixed together in an awful color.
It's only when the sun shines hot and bright and blinding in the sky that he realizes he has woken up again. There's still an immaculate silence surrounding him, as if snow had covered the room, and he still feels dragged into the depths of sleep but this time, he's cold, so terribly cold it wakes him for good.
But more than missing a dream, he missed Cas himself. He didn’t care that he was friend with an ethereal being, what he missed was the raw, human shape of him. He needed him close against him, arms wrapped around his shoulders, and he needed to wake next to him and listen to his soft breathing and feel the warmth of him as all the worries of the day came rushing in.
Dean grabs his wrist and stops his steps. Castiel faces him with a questioning look. “What are you doing?” Dean mutters, worry piercing in his voice.
Lightning struck and Michael’s wings appeared on the walls, huge and strong and breathtaking. Castiel himself felt a pang in his heart. Michael was one of the many angels of the Apocalypse World who had never tasted pain, who had never fell and never had their wings ripped from their backs. He was nothing like the last broken things that kept Heaven alive in this world.
Dean is brought back to reality when the cashier calls them to move on. He apologizes and hurries to take the strings of light and tinsels out of the cart.
A brutal, cold wind is blowing, bending the pines down, making the house creaks with dreadful noises. He gives a look around, and there's such a peace, a soft silence around him, just like before a storm. He feels electricity running in the air, swirling around the ribbons of wind, diving into his veins as his eyes travel on the landscape.
Dean had asked jokingly if dying was an undesirable effect. The lady had not laughed and had just handed him his bags of pills and went back to the dark corridor she had came from. Dean had rolled his eyes and had come back to the car, where Cas was waiting for him, and which was a much better place to be.
“It's perfect.” She whispers back and a soft smile spreads on her face, brightens the dark night. “Everything's perfect.” She says as she puts a tender kiss on his mouth, and his hand wanders on her dress of silk, slips under a thin strap.
“But I hate it,” Dean insisted. “I hate to know the last thing you remember of me is that I just let you go. That I abandoned you.”
Everywhere he looked, red was the world. The earth, dusty and pushed by a brutal wind like in the deepest deserts. The sky, blood-red and threatening, lightning ripping through the thick clouds heavy of crimson, acid rain, the rivers, dark and bloody, lapping at the shores with sticky sounds that sent shivers down Cas’ spine. Everywhere he looked, the cruel color filled his pupils and he felt ill being surrounded by it, feeling as if he had been swallowed by a monstrous beast and was now trapped in its huge belly.
Aniel has a soft laugh and gives another look around, his pale irises diving in red oceans. “That's not what I would call
“I'm sorry” He says as he finally moves back and dives his eyes into his. “Goodbye, Dean Winchester.”
Michael walked to Dean and all his shadow weighed down on him. “You’ll give me a vessel in this world.”
Christmas starts to approach, and Dean only gets more nervous. They planned some family time, all idotic meals and embraces, which means he’ll not be able to avoid Cas any longer.
But the memory shifted again, and he lost all the quivering control he had over his thoughts. His skin was ran all over by shivers, the pounding of his blood deafening against his ear drums.
“Why?” Dean asks in a slow, tired voice. Then, his eyes open a little wider. “Did he say something?”
Dean was helping Sam packing the pastries and serving the clients. His mind was full, trying to be both careful and fast, while always remembering to smile and be nice to people. The damn pain appeared again, like background music in his head, but he bit his tongue and carried on.
They try to walk away, one even telling the demons they surrender, but the evil creatures smile with all their hideous yellow teeth and walk to them, fingers clawing the air as if they were already diving into angelic flesh.
Faintly, he hears Sam respond before he hits the end button leaving him in silence. He wonders if all Cas hears in silence? Looking up to where he last stood, Dean almost experiences Cas’s confession like it is happening all over again. In that moment he promises that that sacrifice will not be vain. He will try to live up to the man Cas credited for changing him, for teaching him to care, teaching him to love. In Cas’s memory he will get up and put one foot in front of the other. Out loud he promises,
Dean drops his head into his hands, and he let’s his vision be enveloped in darkness. Is this what Cas sees? Does he even know the he can see? Does Cas remember who he is? Does he remember Dean? The thought of Cas being robbed of everything that made him him causing that patient sob to finally be released. He feels his whole body jump and seize, and doesn’t try to stop it. In fact, instead of wanting calm he wants to scream, and so he does. He screams, and he screams, and he screams, and he screams. Forty-one years of pain and anguish escapes from him into empty air. The stupid son-of-a-bitch traded his life for the him. For a long time, the only thing Dean has had to offer the world is death, and Cas had always fought for life. Cas was a father. Jack. A sob catches harder when he realizes just how much Cas left behind.
With the nausea accompanies anger, not at Cas, he was tired at being needlessly angry at Cas, but at everything else. Chuck, the Empty, the whole godforsaken world. He wants to tell Cas that he was wrong about him. That he was in fact driven by anger and hate. In this moment, when Cas had admitted that he loved him, he stews in unguided rage. He wants to tell Cas that he was wrong to save him. He wants to tell Cas that he deserves to live over him. He wants to tell Cas that he—that he.
The word forever is almost butchered by the laugh of irony he about released. His happiness is about to drag him to hell to live out his miseries for eternity. A cruel sense of humor that nothingness possesses.
His head falls. Sam sits down in a booth. The reality that only the three of them exist anymore setting in. Dean can feel himself start to spiral. Behind his eyes are prickling once more. He can’t let it happen. He has to keep moving. This can’t be the end.
It was during the nights that Jack needed to sleep was when his theories ran wild. Would it be peace for the Winchesters? Would it be seeing Jack grow up? Would it be him finally becoming human? To be honest with himself he believed that humanity was his happiness for a long time. Cas had always secretly held a torch for the humans, but that’s not something he could have told anyone. Despite that, he never wanted to be one. It wasn’t until Metatron threw him to earth that he saw the true vitality in the human spirit, the true depth of Dean’s beauty.
They stare at one another for a couple moments until the sound of bubbling lava and distant screams emerges from behind Dean causing him to pulls away to find its source. A growing sphere of blackness appears in the wall, causing Dean to square in shoulders. He is ready to fight a formless cosmic entity that predates god himself. Cas smiles so brightly, as if he is not about to die. His eyes still haven’t broken from Dean.
Dean sounds shaky, like he can’t handle another person he loves dying. Cas rests easy in the thought that he will still have Sam and Jack. He will still have them.
It’s supposed to be hello. A sob catches in the back of his throat. It wants if not begs to be released, but Dean barely has the energy to breath. What had he done? He should have stayed with Sam, went after Chuck, but no he had to—he needed to do something. Why did he drag Cas with him? Every time Cas had died it was ultimately because of him. He rebelled for him. He killed Michael for him. He took on the Leviathan to keep the world in balanced and allowed him to retire. He got stabbed by Lucifer to make sure him and Sam left the apocalypse world. And—and know he died to keep him from dying. The amount of pain that he had caused him made Dean physically ill. Like really, he might puke. He braces his head against the wall behind him.
There was a desperation in his voice the likes of which he hasn’t ever heard before. Immediately, he regrets his lapse when he sees Jack’s face fall even further.
“We never should’ve left Sam and Jack. We should be with them now. Everybody’s going to die Cas, everybody—I can’t stop it now. She’s going to get through that door.”
He can see Dean trying to put the pieces together. His eyes are hesitant, questioning, hurt, but most of all scared. They both know that there is absolutely nothing he can do except just stand there and listen, which has never been one of his strong suits. He has this pathological need to constantly be fixing problems. Billie beats on the door again. Cas knows time is running out, he needs to finish.
Dean stares at him as if he had just sprouted another head. His eyebrows slightly crinkling towards each other. That quirk had been the first thing he noticed about Dean all those years ago back in the barn. Dean was baffled by the existence of angels of course, but he was more confused by the fact that heaven found him worthy of being saved. With a grounding breath Cas begins to explain,
With his face widening with emotion, it looks as though he had just gotten the wind knock from him. There’s no point in stopping now. Another bang reverberates the room, causing the walls to shake.
He takes in a deep breath trying to keep it together long enough to say what he needs to say. Dean has joined Cas in silent tears, as he still firmly holds his arms to his side.
Sam tiredly looks up at him. The role reversal would be funny if the world hadn’t basically just ended. He was usually the one with the hope, with the gumption to move forward. However, Dean isn’t sure he has either right now too. He just can’t stop moving now that he’s started. Finally, Sam responds.
Dean says it so matter-of-factly that it stuns Castiel. For the first time, he’s not going to find a way to save him. Angel’s can’t make deals with Demons. They have nothing to offer. Death is currently the one on a suicide mission to kill them, and his father-- Chuck. Thinking about how his dad is causing Dean and the world such suffering opens a wound he had always carried with him. A wound so deep that it can only be caused by an absent, abusive father. Dean continues,
“Right, Mr Grinch” Jessica says with a wide grin. “Just wanted to let you know you can bring someone too.”
That night, Dean opened the door to them when he came from the bakery, and they stormed outside without looking back. If he had been a tiny bit less tired, he’d have seen they had soon crossed the border between his yard and the wide fields, but he was already sitting at the table, rubbing his sore temples.
What he knows is that the nightmares and terrors are far, far away from him as he throws some snow on Castiel and the fae turns back, giving him a shocked look as Dean laughs until his belly hurts.
He looks around and his eyes fall on the left side of the building, illuminated by red neon lights and he cannot find the source of such an evil color. He walks slowly to the doors, aligned and white like stars, and he looks at the key the woman gave them. He looks back at the door he stopped in front of, and he frowns.
He kicks angrily the snow. He wishes he could just snap his fingers and turn her into thousand of ribbons of flesh, but he knows that would be suicide to even try.
Except they never do. After a long moment of silence, Dean raises his head, slowly, carefully, his heart beating fast before it stops completely in the dark of his chest when he sees Castiel's determined, cold as ice eyes staring at Mother without blinking. This one's smile faded away and she looks at him, truly confused.
The boy's smile froze before it faded and suddenly, black, thick blood was flowing out of his blue mouth, again and again like an endless river. Amara removed her hand hastily but it was too late, the power was bursting out of her, glad it was now free, jumping, dancing, singing in the room with dark sparks of electricity, illuminating the room in a flames-colored Chaos.
There was something odd and mystical about their relationship, as if each moment was their last, as if they were constantly afraid of losing each other God knows how. It was no longer a secret that Dean spent his entire days with him, and Sam never saw him so alive.
On his side, Cas feels like he’s tasting the birth of the Universe on his lips: there was darkness, and then there was light, and it’s exactly how his world turned when he kissed Dean.
Lucifer freezes under Sam's eyes full of clouds and thin pearls of sweat start to cover his spine of thorns. He steps back, ill-at-ease, heat rising to his evil features. “No, I-I never said that. I-”
Dean’s breath strangled him and he stood up on shaking limbs to rush towards Cas. He dropped on his knees beside him and rolled him on his back. Cas’ eyes were closed and there was nothing that could tell he was still alive. No breathing moving his chest up and down, no pulse under Dean’s terrified fingertips. It even felt as if the warmth in Cas’ body was slowly rising from it, escaping in some invisible swirls.
But before he can say the words burning his tongue, there are glacial lips on his own, and the hunter opens wide eyes.
“No problem” Dean answered, unsettled by his attitude. He still smiled at him and got out of the cabinet.
Charlie looks at him fondly, and she keeps himself from saying anything. She wishes she could speak with Dean's soul, and she would sing to him
“Oh” Dean says and now he cannot look at anything else but Cas. It’s like all the light in the room has been sucked out and the last spark remains around the angel, like a glow around his so familiar silhouette. Dean blinks several times and he feels his eyes become watery and his mind plays tricks on him and it’s like he’s standing in that crappy motel room again.
The pain and self-loathing Cas had felt when he first grabbed Dean in hell was soul shaking. Not because of how overwhelming it was, but because it was the first time, he could remember someone making him truly feel an emotion.
Tears start to fall again without warning. He looks back at the empty News studio on the TV, which is basically a blended blob of dampened colors. Dean doesn’t blink them away like he normally does, but instead follows Cas's lead and let’s them fall freely.
With a strangely content smile, Cas tosses Dean into the neighboring wall. There is danger of either side of him, but he doesn’t care. He doesn’t take his eyes off of Dean. Even as he watched Dean pull himself off the floor. As he feels that Empty’s tendrils fly pass him towards Death. Even as she lets out a scream marked with frustration and regret. As Dean starts to say something, but is frozen by another stream of the Empty. Cas doesn’t look away as he begins to feel the absolute coldness only nothingness could provide, or as it slowly creeps around his entire body, or when it finally envelops his face. He is still looking at Dean, if now he only exists in Cas’s memory. The last thing he thinks of is Dean before his head slams against a hard surface and darkness truly devours him.
Not knowing how to answer, he decides just to go with the truth. It’s the easiest thing to do at the moment.
Dean’s spiraling self-loathing forces Cas to look back towards him. He looks even worse than he sounds. A normally ageless face is worn with deep lines. Why does he do this too himself? Why does he always take on all the responsibility? Why does he always blame himself for everything? When Cas had first met him, he considered it to be a side-effect of being human, of emotions. However, he soon realized that it is a rare thing for humans to take credit for their part in failure, let alone it all.
A light presence of betrayal laces his words. Cas knows he deserved it. They had agreed no more deals, no more secrets. The guilt still doesn’t change the fact that he would keep the secret all over again. It was his burden, not Dean. His choices had caused Dean enough trouble. Despite his conviction, behind Cas’s eyes starts to sting because he knows his next confession far outweighs this other revelation. A new, unfamiliar level of fear rises in him. His whole being feels akin to what he would image a balloon is like just before it pops.
Dean is meek, and silently pleading for Cas to look at him once more. A silhouette of Jack seems to reflect across his blood. His son. Cas doesn’t want to, but he imagines the despair on Jack’s face when he finds out he is dead. God forbid he finds him. He has seen Jack’s grief once before in heaven—in heaven. The angel’s heart jumps in his chest. Their answer courses through every fiber of his being. Raising his eyebrows, he turns towards Dean once again.
“And everyone who know you sees it. Everything you have ever done, the good and the bad, you have done it for love. You raised your little brother for love. You fought for this whole world for love. That’s who you are. You’re the most caring man on Earth. You are the most selfless, loving human I will ever know.”
Cas can’t keep Dean’s gaze, so he trains his eyes on the blood on the floor. He can’t help but image just how much more blood he will lose when Billie strikes him down. How much blood will Dean lose? Enough to mix with his?
Dean hasn’t moved from his spot on the floor where Cas had thrown him to safety. Where he watched him die—to save him. Is that what just happened? Did the Empty finally takeaway Cas for good? Dean had never liked the idea of the Empty. Heaven, Hell, Purgatory those places he understood. Those are places he had been and lived to see his way out, but the Empty. That was a place his soul could never touch, and the thought of Cas having to spend the rest of eternity there alone kills him. He doesn’t know if he should wish that Cas was asleep, or if he was awake. Which one was worse?
“You know, ever since I dragged you from hell, knowing you has changed me Dean. Because you cared, I cared. I cared about you. I cared about Sam. I cared about Jack. I cared about the whole world because of you.”
“I will finish this Cas. I will stop Chuck, and then I’m coming for you. If it’s the last thing I ever do I will--.”
One day he is going to hit his limit on how shitty he can feel, but today is not the day. Somehow it just keeps getting worse.
Inside his jacket pocket, his phone starts to buzz. For a moment, Dean doesn’t move. He debates on whether it is even worth looking at, but then Sam worms his way through his sorrow and automatically he believes that Chuck took him too. When he brings his phone out Sam’s name is clearly in the middle of the screen. A part of him knows that someone else could be using his phone, but he ignores that little voice in his head. He’ll take that as a win, and if Sam is gone what’s the point then really. Everyone else is gone. Dean has already let down someone he loves today, why not one more. Without another thought, he drops the phone onto the floor. A cracking sound erupts, but the phone still buzzes with Sam’s attempt to call.
At his feet his phone starts to vibrate again. Sam’s name under the answer or reject buttons judging him silently from below. Staring back in condemnation of how much of a failure he truly is. For all Sam knows, Dean could be dead, and in this moment, a part of him wishes that were true. That the Empty took him instead. Jack relied on Cas. He was still a kid, only three years old. Dean rubs his hands against his wet eyes, and steadies himself against the wall. He answers,
The drive to the town was a blur to Dean. Only one thing stuck with him as he approaches Cas’s car parked on the side of the road, was just how empty the world was. How noisy humans were because when Dean first sat in the Impala, he could hear his heartbeat. It wasn’t until later that Dean realize that Chuck probably took out all the animals as well. As he approaches Cas’s god-awful dust yellow 1978 Lincoln continental Mark V, Sam and Jack round the corner looking just as surreal as Dean felt. His voice still gruff, but on the mend, Dean calls out to them,
Castiel's blue irises finally appear through short glimpses, as sleep keeps calling him back into its arms. His wing is covered by a violent shiver, all the feathers standing on end. Dean raises a hand to smooth them back before he stops his move and realizes how inappropriate it would have probably been. Castiel moves, burying his face in the leather with a groan, trying to push himself away from slumber.
It reassures him through low lullabies and soft, invisible waves, while howling of rage at its prison. It’s not its decision, not its world, not
Now his breathing was quick, sweat dripping down his back. He thought, no, no, that cannot be happening. Each sense had disappeared slowly, not out of a sudden. He couldn’t just go blind like this, no, it was impossible. But the more he moved in the house, the more worried he grew, feeling the fear rise in him like a dark poison. And then when he remembered he had his phone in his pocket, it all turned worse.
He promises to come back as much as he can, and that now he won’t leave him alone, no matter if he can’t fix what he broke. He lets a long sigh out and his eyes flutter open, and suddenly he feels something that he thought was gone.
It was neither joy nor satisfaction, just a great nothing, a slight static echoing in his head. He could hear the water lapping at the shore, the wind moving in the treetops, some birds singing above his head. It was enough to put him in some kind of trance, and he kept on running.
Dean frowns. “What was I supposed to do? Leave you there?” he asks, and his heart misses a beat at the very thought of it.
Castiel's own stops and his shock is probably painted all across his face and wings, for Dean gives him a worried look. He glances at the road from time to time, checks the black ribbon uncoiling in front of him, but he is trusting his dark horse, he trusts the Impala roaring in his ears. He would rather focus on the angel staring at him with eyes open wide. “What did I say?” Dean asks, and he frowns at Cas' astonishment. “You don't believe me?”
Ishim ignores him and comes to lean back on the table in the middle of the room. “So, what are we gonna do with him?” he asks, showing Dean with a gesture of his chin. His eyes then fill with a dreadful thing, much like sick cruelty. “Are we going to hang him?” His mouth opens in a little “O” of excitement, “Or maybe we’re going to burn him alive like the last one?”
Dean grins and this time the car doesn’t fail them. The engine roars alive and as the first beams of daylight illuminate the horizon they drive away, not looking back at the heap of bodies in pools of blackness and feathers.
“Son of a...” He mutters behind his teeth as he turns to face his brother, who stares at him, raising an eyebrow. “Stop it!” The demon says before he puts his t-shirt on and walks to the fridge, taking a beer out. “So, how are you doin'?”
A strangled sob shakes Castiel whole and his lip trembles, his hands shake and one of them find Dean's wounded heart, lands carefully, afraid to break it. It listens closely, ready to hear the familiar melody Castiel heard every morning. But it only finds the blackest silence, the most terrifying swirling void, a sharp and spicy darkness. His chest does not rise and crash, it is motionless like the sea on a winter morning. Castiel bites his tongue to the blood and ashes start to fall like snow on them. Sam chokes on his breath and falls heavy against Eileen's shoulder, and Cas does not need to look at him to know he heard the same emptiness. Dean Winchester, the Great Bringer of Death, is no longer a part of this world.
With one last burst of energy from behind Cas, the sigil finally fails and the door bursts open. The looming figure of Death with her scythe at her side casts her presence into the room. She is ready to reap the soul of Dean Winchester, the man who refuses to die. When Dean whips his head back towards Cas, there is palpable fear in his eyes that connects with Cas. His eyes reflect the ocean right before a storm breaks the horizon.
It was in purgatory that Cas realized what he wanted. When he heard Dean’s prayer to him. When he heard Dean’s forgiveness. His love. It had given him the strength to fight off the remaining two Leviathan to make his escape, and gives him the strength now to finish,
Michael stared at them through his bloody tears. “You just made a terrible mistake, witch” he said, his stare turning to Rowena.
“That's fine. I think I can handle a little ride.” He says, trying to sound confident when all his being crawled in the depths of his body, leaving him on his own. He tries to reassure himself as he sits on the last empty seat. He thinks of Hell and Amara and angels, just anything bigger than a stupid luminous attraction.
He clenches his fists, burning inside, suddenly driven by some kind of devastating fever. If they want to play, then he will play, and he will
Sam laughs and follows him. He opens the door and the sun enters the room, leaving a burning golden ring on their smiles. He arrives on the field, his heart feeling heavy, but it is a good kind of heavy, as if he was so full of joy he was overflowing, his soul spurting out of his skin to kiss the ground.
They all have a long, desperate sigh. The morning is getting closer, the sun about to rise bright above the motel. The air is already smelling like fresh flowers and tall grass, laughter and chanting breezes, and it only frightens them more than they were. The winter passed by like a storm, loudly but fast and before they could even realize, it was gone and the birds were singing, and the nature was born again in its endless circle. The cold times were not there anymore to cover their heavy heads, to enfold them in icy wings, to wipe their tears away with motherly silky fingers. The sun will be there, bright, arrogant, monstrous golden coin thrown into space, like a superficial, flawed star and it would shine mercilessly on them, burning their eyes and hope. The night was about to fade into thin shreds and the bluest of skies would appear, joyful and full of pity.
When he steps under the shower, the hot water makes him gasp of surprise and pain. It feels unpleasant at first, and he grits his teeth. The drops seem heavy and acid as they fall like burning stars on his shoulders and chest, they prickle and make his flesh ache more than it already is. He thinks he’s going to get out as soon as possible, but that’s before he feels the blue ocean swelling in his lungs.
Dean lowers his head, not knowing what to answer to that. He just supposed Jack was evil, believing he’d follow his father’s monstrous steps as if no one could drift from the path their family cleared for them.
He clenches his fists, trembling of rage, acid boiling green and yellow inside his veins. “On one condition.” He mutters behind his teeth.
Castiel turns his head to him and dives his eyes into his, and they're so close Dean thinks his heart is going to burst with sparks of blue and white electricity. Castiel doesn't actually speak but he reaches a hand out to Dean and lands his fingertips on his cheek, making him shiver from head to toe.
Dean arrives to the group that gathered next to the house, and gives a look around. Sam walks next to him and the demon can see the worry growing in his clear eyes.
There is a blow of light and suddenly, Dean is back in Castiel's house, sitting on the smooth wooden floor. He is panting, breathless and weak. He glances at the angel to see he is in the same situation, taking short and painful breaths. His wings are still half open on his sides, the tips nearly touching the walls around them.
Even though his heart ached every night and he had to clench his jaw not to break down, he slowly built his life, trying not to forget but trying not to hold on something he could no longer have. Jess and him got married, and even though the darkness was shaking in his belly, he imagined Dean was here with him, Cas by his side as they would give them bright smiles, clapping their hands as they would walk down the alley, covered in scented petals and laughter.
When he gets in, he's immediately struck by the heat inside, a damp jungle with a strong smell of alcohol, cold cigarettes and vomit. A stench he would rather stay away from, but this job is one of the rare things he can do without a degree.
Cas softy nods. “I heard it was possible, but as far as I know, it never happened before.” He then lowers his head, the same bright color spreading on his face. “I suppose no angel and human had a connection strong enough to make it work” he admits, now avoiding everyone’s eyes, including Dean’s.
And then the feeling came so strong it stopped his breathing and he bent in two, arms wrapped around his belly. Tears sprang from his eyes, the pain sharp and unbearable. His mind was filled with hundreds of images and sensations, and it was green and leather and gold and freckles. And just like that, he knew something was wrong with Dean. He didn’t know what, but Dean was aching and he felt it himself in the pit of his bones, his grace howling of terror.
Lucifer nods and they walk to the house, their feet barely touching the ground. Dean looks around him nervously, fearing that this woman will come out of the woods and call him, and like hypnotized, he will follow and lose himself. He shivers and follows the angels like their shadow, and he feels so strange next to them, these creatures of light with their wings open on their backs like great brown, gray or black flags. But as he follows them, he realizes he is not that different, and each of them is flawed. Lucifer is a monster known as evil itself, Charlie is too free and odd to fit in a cold and numb stream of soldiers, and Cas… he has fallen because of his heart of gold. Each of them has made mistakes, and by this simple little detail, Dean feels closer to them.
Later in the morning, the pain in his skull grew hotter and as he swallowed some pills to cool it down, he remembered his mother’s words. He always worried about everyone, but never himself. After all, he never had much reasons to, and his family and friends were all that mattered.
But then the snowball had kept rolling and he had lied in the CAT scanner and the sound was loud he had been afraid his ears would pop and bleed into a pool around his head. And then he had waited and waited, and drank so many tasteless coffees that his mouth felt furred, his teeth rotten.
Dean went to his room. He felt all his body buzzing with some kind of frantic electricity and he kept pacing, not knowing what to do first. He felt like a teenage girl getting ready for her first date. And he was far from being a teenage girl. And that wasn’t a date. Of course it wasn’t.
Castiel sighs softly and his fingers start stroking Dean's hair again, and Dean may be imagining it, but it looks like Cas' eyes are full of tears.
But the dark woman arrives and she puts a heavy hand on his shoulder, and Castiel would swear he saw long, sharp claws dive into his flesh. He winces of pain, and she glowers at him. He soon puts his numb mask back on, like a good puppet.
Castiel has a very thin, but gentle smile that sends colors into Dean’s belly. “I did believe you the first time.”
easy. He never really had the occasion to make a relationship serious, to put it on display for everyone to see. Now his head and heart ached and he went to sit on his bed, burying his face in his hands.
Dean couldn’t help but smile back at him, a tiny nothing of a smile. “Yeah, I guess” he had said, and he didn’t want to forget, and he wanted to go back in time and stop himself because what was he going to do now?
. Very cold inside, and yet all his muscles feel hot and soft and he feels like melting into the soft leather of the Impala.
Cas stared at him, blinking several times. “Yes” he answered in a breath before looking away. “But well, you get used to it. It’s like… not walking among humans anymore.”
So he began to run. It was hard, the wind coming in front of him, pushing all his body as if he weighed nothing. The rain was glacial, freezing him to the bone, making his clothes cling to his limbs, heavy and dripping onto his shivering skin. The nature was in decay, the trees losing their leaves that came to rot on the damp ground, a strong, watery smell filling the air.
Heat rises to his face, and he curses himself to be so overwhelmed by emotion when he’s in the middle of a devastated world full of danger. And with Cas’ grace right against him, he has the sensation he just might be listening to his thoughts or heartbeats, which both follow the same distraught pace.
His wings are heavy behind him and he has hard time keeping them hidden. He gives a look around and sees he is the only one standing in front of the motel. He wandered for hours in the night after the rest of the family fell asleep, faces marked by tiredness and despair. This situation is devouring them with voracious bites and Castiel does not know how long they will survive like this.
Dean turns back to see Lucifer leaning against the wooden table. The archangel gives him a questioning look. “Are you trying to get killed? Or are you just incredibly stupid?” He tilts his head and his snake eyes dive into Dean's. He smirks. “Yeah, I would definitely put my money on the second option.”
He leans towards him and then suddenly it’s all like in the motel room. The lights on the ceiling even shake a little, Cas’ grace whispering among them. Their lips crash together, warm and hungry, but it’s also different. It’s slow, careful, they taste every second, so shameful the first time was drowned in hard liquor.
But it’s no guns, or small hunting knives. No, it’s long shiny swords with golden handles, rubies and emeralds among the warm metal, and it looks like there are northern lights dancing underneath the blades, liquid diamonds trapped under the silver and blood and dust.
“I said, drop that you bast-” the biker shouts before there’s a neat, wet sound like slicing meat and suddenly blood pours out of his neck in a red curtain, and he suffocates, raising his hands to the wound, his eyes widening of fear and agony.
The skies have a last tired spasm before the light in the center explodes into a blinding firework of silver and ice. The gusts hitting them are powerful and glacial, and suddenly it is snowing, crystallized sugar falling softly on them, turning into sharp diamonds on their skin. The disk is now a portal and the heart of the light has a painful blow, it is a celestial pulsar spitting wings and halos at their feet. Rays of white light are thrown out of the cloud with sounds of breaking glass and there is lightning striking everytime. Dean feels something warm flowing from one of his ear and when he raises his hand to touch it, his fingers are soaked in soft red blood. He winces and clenches his jaw, before the sky is suddenly ripped apart in one violent motion and it starts raining acid milk on them. The air feels like fire, smells like storms and he is ready to fall on his knees, incapable of bearing the angelic power pulsing around him. He closes his eyes and presses his eyelids tight, protecting himself with darkness.
''You're-you..'' Dean mutters, crawling back until his head hits the wall behind him. He grits his teeth and he raises a weak arm, his blade pointed at Castiel.
The fields are not bright anymore, they are just rivers of blood and mud, and every flowers have been crushed under the Archangel's feet.
Dean has a strangled, incredulous laugh? “Selfish? Me?” He narrows his eyes at her. “And who says that? The woman that is ready to kill hundreds of people just for revenge?”
It was a scary experience, and sometimes he’d put a gentle hand on Cas’ chest as he slept, making sure he was still breathing as he couldn’t hear it anymore. And then as if by magic, his ears would suddenly pop and silver static would come back into his head, Cas’ deep breaths soothing him back to sleep.
The silver woman waits for the silence before she slowly steps back and sits gracefully on a throne made of branches and bones. “Bring him to me.” she orders and two men grabs Dean by his arms, brutally making him stand on his feet as he winces of pain. They walk him to her and his eyes cross curious, disgusted, fascinated, hateful ones. He's finally thrown at her feet, and he raises his head to her.
To both Sam’s greatest surprise and his, there’s a gentle, genuine laugh coming from Cas, something tainted of relief and that one feeling you can’t name, when fear runs away and you can breathe again, and you’re fine, and the person you love is too.
The woman's smile freezes. “Alright.” She writes it down and turns again to Dean. “What about you, darling?” She says, her brown eyes still tender.
Cas came to put a cup of steaming tea in front of him, before he sat down too. Sam rose his head and thanked him with a smile. There was a small moment of silence where the spoons just turned in circle in their cups, and then Sam’s curiosity seemed to precede Cas’.
Jack’s eyes turn to look at Dean for a moment, his head tilting a little on one side as if to look at him better, before they fall upon Castiel’s body against the hunter’s chest. The Nephilim’s eyes seem to widen a little, the gold swirling in them and he has a step towards them, a hand already raised in the air.
He takes the soap and rubs his skin until it’s red and sore, and then he washes his hair, shakes all the remains of the tomb that were caught in it. He feels sick deep in his belly, and he clenches his jaw, his vision blurry with big, salty tears. He wants to stay a little longer but Dean visibly needed to talk, and he just can’t leave him alone like this.
When they get used to it to the dark, a silhouette starts to shape in his field of vision. Amara is standing in the back, but his attention is drawn to what is in front of her.
Slowly, they both began to heal. The scars of the past – blood and feathers – became smooth and pink, and together they began to walk the streets of the world with a light step, as if nothing ever happened. Of course, they never forgot, how could they? They did not pretend it never occurred, they just put the memories in a small box of their minds and let it sleep there. It was no use to wake what could bring them pain.
Lazarus gets up suddenly and shakes himself, projecting drops of blood and dirt on them, and they cover their faces from the rain coming from the dog. When they open their eyes again, he is sitting silently in front of them, his tongue hanging from his maw, open in a kind of smiley expression. Dean glances at Castiel and holds back a laugh when he sees the angel's face covered of forest soil and pine needles. Dean brushes them off, and when his fingers touch Castiel, he shuts his eyes tightly in the most adorable way, for a celestial being capable of erasing a town by snapping his fingers.
But with Cas, it’s different, and he feels like he has to watch his every moves and words, and even with all this precaution he regrets most of the things he does in his presence.
The Nephilim nods solemnly and invites them to follow him with a move of his pale face. The Winchesters start walking behind him, still throwing worried glances around, Dean’s heart heavy like a stone as he’s torn between the two threads to his happiness.
“Go on” he said, gesturing at the space next to him. When Castiel sat next to him, his shoulder brushed against his and his warmth anchored Dean in reality, and for a second he felt better, nausea backing away from his throat.
Castiel turns to her, intrigued. “Really?” He asks softly, a ribbon of soul wrapping itself around his little sister's shoulders.
Castiel is laying on the bed, feeling the fresh white sheets underneath his body, rustling softly everytime he moves. The sun shines through the cracks in the wooden shutters and thin golden rays pierce them, making the specks of dust glimmer as they float above him. A cool breeze blows into the room, making him shiver a little.
he said. These words full of hope and strength, they escaped his mind to roll on his tongue. What was he thinking in that moment? Did he even believe them? Because right now, they feel empty, tasteless, wicked. They are like the song that hypnotized Amara and drawn her to them, in some twisted little game.
At first, it hurt Sam and it felt like his brother's ghost was haunting him through her, but slowly, he began to thank the earth, for he realized Dean may be gone, but he was still here with him, in some strange way.
Dean didn’t stare at the knife anymore, but looked at Cas now. An idea had bubbled in his head. “Could you take me there?” he said, full of dangerous hope. He had planned to travel for his life, but considering it took some time to plan and time was the last thing he had, he had completely gave up on his dream.
While he tries to catch the damn thing, he watches over Cas, who’s asleep in this layer of reality, but wide awake in another.
She gave him a small smile, gesture that actually surprised Cas and left him frozen of confusion, for it looked so sweet on Hannah’s stoic and cold grace. “You cannot go any longer on your experiments. I felt your grace escaping your body. That last spell of yours could have killed you.”
Dean frowned and he almost felt like laughing. “Are you kidding me?” He stared at Michael in disbelief. “Why in the hell would we do that?”
The Hunters start laughing loudly, and before either Cas or Dean can react, an arrow rips through the air. It flies above Cas' shoulder and before the demon can move his tired limbs, sinks into his chest, just under the heart.
And then he begun to try the dangerous ones, the one of black magic, of gruesome color and strange smell, mixtures that bubbled loudly in the kitchen and seemed to whisper of a thousand voices. Each time, the dread rose in Cas like a firework as he would pronounce the fateful words or that he’d watch Dean take a sip of the potion, for there would always be a possibility for these experiments to be fatal. He honestly wouldn’t know how he’d react if Dean just dropped dead right before him, and he wasn’t sure he wanted to know.
Dean makes a little step to him. “I'm sorry I wasn't there” he says, suddenly full of grief. “I'm sorry I'm not here.”
Hannah gave him a sorrowful look, almost pitiful. “Maybe. But you are blinded by your emotions and you cannot see clearly anymore. You have been hijacked from your righteous path.”
Dean’s eyes darken. “And so what? You think me ruining whatever we have will make him feel better?” he asks, bitter.
“I didn't.” He snaps, putting his glass down with a loud noise on the glass table. He turns to her, jaw clenched. “What's wrong with you?” He says, a low growl rising in his throat.
He turned around, ready to smite another beast but he was now facing the empty, silent field. At least ten wolves corpses were scattered on the ground, all bloody and burned, lives ended by both human and celestial hands.
Dean stared at him for a few seconds, speechless. He just couldn’t believe it. “That’s it?” he signed, stunned. “You’re not going to freak out or anything?”
Cas’ eyes get lost into space, as if he was searching something in the depths of his mind. “And if there isn’t a cure, I’ll just have to heal you with the grace I have left and-”
“Nothing” he begins but seeing Dean frowns deeper, he sighs. “It’s just that I feel so lost… It’s not the first time I come back from the dead, but this time it just feels like I don’t belong in this world anymore” he finally admits, his voice tiny and strangled by sorrow.
He gives the witch a look and she nods, raising her hands in the air. Sam feels a heavy weight fall on his stomach. He is not sure of anything. They’re about to summon a powerful, vengeful spirit who suffered quite a lot, and he doesn’t even know what to do if it all goes wrong.
He sighs and passes the chain around his neck, hiding the pendant under his t-shirt, too afraid of leaving it out in the open.
“I'm not what you're thinking. I'm not some kind of savior.” Dean says and something in his voice makes Castiel turn to him, worried. The demon's silhouette may stands tall and powerful like a mountain, but his tone is afraid, all his being wanting to crawl in the dark, away from the battles and the ache. “You really want to put your lives in my hands?” He adds, acid.
When he arrives, he barely has the time to breathe before his brother rushes to him, distraught like a bird in a trap. “Dean, are you OK?” Sam asks, grabbing his shoulders, looking at him as if he could break at any time. “We tried to call you a hundred times!” he exclaims, and his brow bares the weight of his worry.
And suddenly, he realized that Cas was missing from his mind. The angelic power that fueled their connection was gone, only leaving a faint whisper in the wind of his soul. It felt like an absence, like a hole in his head and he ached to know what Cas had given up for him. He felt so ashamed to be the downfall of such creature, of such light, that he wanted to curl in the dark and be beaten bloody by all the beasts coming from the skies above. He
Cas gently moves to look at him. One of his hands comes to rest on Dean’s cheek, his thumb creating circles on his skin as he dives his eyes into Dean’s, bright green and drenched with sunshine even in the dark of the ocean. “This life and all the others” he answers, his grace and soul swirling in the same melody inside his chest.
Amara is standing in front of them, black clothes clinging to her body, dark blazing eyes creating fire in their veins. Castiel steps back, his wings wide open behind him when a low broken murmur makes him freeze where he stands, turning him into a statue of marble. His name is whispered once and twice and again and again in a hoarse voice he knows better than anyone.
Dean does not think and does it. His hand ends up in Cas' palm and when the angel does the same scar on his skin, he winces of pain. The fresh blade leaves a thin bloody trail behind it. It may be very little compared to what he felt before, but it still is far from pleasing.
“This is not possible.” Dean says, visions of Castiel illuminating Hell, wings of fire and ice surrounding him. This was too beautiful, it could not only belong to him. This was a photograph that never faded, something he held tight against his heart since he remembered it. He did not want to show it to anyone else, but he felt strangely disappointed when his mind suggested he may be one in a million. But now, his ideas are blown apart. Behind him, Castiel is silent, and he does not move anymore, his warmth is far away from him.
One by one, the colors started to appear above Dean's body, small luminous fireflies. First one, and then two and three and then a whole swarm, bright, joyful, buzzing in the night, giving it a strange, yet hypnotic glow. Castiel stopped breathing, the ache in his chest exploding, shattering inside him, cutting his bones and veins and he was bleeding dry, muttering words, begging the soul to come alive in one blinding blow and fill him whole of this soft sensation. He was dying to feel it again, warm and scented like a forest during autumn, rustling in his lungs with every breath he took.
Castiel entered the room. They had hard time finding a place to park the car and so Cas had suggested he’d go alone and Dean would begin to talk to his family.
“Well, I’m not in Heaven anymore” Castiel answers and Dean sees how his steps get a little faster, his expression a little warmer, like a little child that tries to contain himself, in vain. “Now I want to enjoy as many human experiences as possible.”
And no words could express how whole and how holy and how infinite Castiel felt under the stars and Dean Winchester’s warm breaths.
“They want to fight.” Charlie says and Dean turns to her to see her eyes became empty bottomless, white milky lakes. He flinches and steps back, his heart trembling dangerously in his chest. The woman he now sees as his sister is staring at the skies with her dead irises, these dull galaxies and her wings open wide, covered by the same dreadful color. As if a thick, sticky snow fell on the feathers, they shine like diamonds under the rain and a soft song starts to roll on Charlie's tongue as she whispers strange words that Dean cannot understand.
(Behind his eyelids, Cas sees the same tall mountains and scented forests and waterfalls of honey, except this time a part of himself is thrown into that vision, with frozen lakes and limpid blue skies and silver breeze.)
“Well, he arrived a few hours ago, and he’s now in the Temple of the Lost Souls, where all the wandering ones are, waiting for someone to guide them out.”
“Absinthe” he reads on it, the name faded on the label. He turns the bottle in his hands, somehow mesmerized by the odd color changing when the light pierces through, shades of green from bright and electric to deep and somber. The bottle is still closed, as if it was brand new, but the layer of dust on it proves the contrary.
Sam, too intrigued, ignores the dark look his brother gives him and sits next to Lucifer, still letting a generous space between them. Lucifer's smirk explodes on his face. “Remember when you read the newspaper last time? What was the title?” He raises his eyes, searching in his dull memory. “Right!
When he emerges out of the awake dream, he blinks and sees he is still flying, but without wings and he represses a cry of surprise when the lights go off above them, only to let silver bright stars painted on the roof, threads of gold hanging from it, curling next to him. Scented smokes rise from the ground under them, swirling pink and blue and suddenly the lights start to flicker, pushing him into a hypnotic dance, and his mind cannot follow, it is thrown into another dimension as the world appear, disappear in silver, appear, disappear again, only leaving him and the night sky. Castiel is still holding is hand firmly and gives him a look that could melt the coldest gold. Warm lights are wrapped around the wires holding their seat and they feel soothing under his stare as his breath is taken away both by the sensation blowing his mind away, and the pure awe in Dean's smile.
Just a hole, a circle of fire where monsters swim, and worms come and eat his grace away. Yes, pale worms crawling in the mud, making their home in his rotting skull, in his yellow bones.
Her soul crumbled at her feet and she said this world was the darkest. Then, her eyes turned as cold as ice and she said that this world was cruel, but she was worse. She cursed the man and the ones after him, the ones with the impure blood.
What if he was just imagining all of this to ease the pain he felt inside? What if he was just bathing in soft mirages and it would soon shatter at the slightest mistake he would make? What if Sam and Jess couldn't bear his presence anymore but couldn't tell him, afraid he would snap? What if he was the puppet of Destiny and every step he made was planned by a merciless god?
It was if the illness had accelerated and came tumbling down when Cas left. His taste had finished to disappear, and slowly he had begun to notice he couldn’t rely on his smell either. It was the same, it came like sleep, very gently and before he knew he would wake up one morning, feeling like his body had been robbed by some evil spirit still living inside of him.
It was no way of living, even for a celestial being like him. His grace suffered from not being used, his wings were sore and tense, and each of his nerves felt like a cut electric cable, sputtering sparks of pain. But even there, he didn’t stop running, and continued his way around the lake, despite the astonished looks some humans were giving him when they saw him pass next to them for the tenth time, eyes cold and determined as if it was a matter of life or death.
But the darkness was gone. Everything had been blown away, as if some divine hand had ripped the black sheet of night away, and everywhere he looked, color swirled.
Dean frowns, his look darkens. “Don't lie to me.” He says, and when Castiel raises dull, scared eyes to him, the expression on his face softens. “Just tell me.” He says gently.
“Your sickness” Cas said, and though it was clear Dean tried to hide it, a violent shiver ran through his whole body, proof he was truly scared about it.
It gets a glimpse of the world around, sometimes. It’s very quick, just blurry pictures appearing and disappearing too fast for its bright eyes, and it’s all grayness unraveling around him, trees slender and bare, sky the color of ashes.
Once again, his words are covered by the sound of an angelic breeze. Charlie appears, Sam on one of her side, Eileen on the other. The redhead smiles at Dean, already forgetting his wrath. “See? They're safe now!”
Dean put his glass down on the table and glanced at Cas. The lightning cast raw, cold lights on his face and he looked even more ethereal than usual.
“I don't understand.” Castiel blurts, his eyes traveling from Amara to his brother, to fall on Dean who gives him the same confused expression.
Castiel gives him a surprised look, his heart starting to beat a little louder in his chest. He wraps his arms around Dean's shoulders and sighs deeply. His bones are heavy, his lungs as thin as butterfly wings, his heart is a heavy weight in his chest, and he has to carry it for both him and the demon that is just tired to exist.
As they walk down the street, searching for some place where they could have lunch, he gets a glimpse of a painful vision in the corner of his eye. Once again, there are blue oceans staring at him, raven hair moving in the wind, a strong and delicate ghost haunting him. He blinks, chasing it away and follows the group, eyes fixed on the ground.
Sam blinks, confused before he turns to Jess, blinking quick. She nods, tears streaming down her face as she presses his hand in hers, before she gives Dean a desperate look. “Please, come back to us” she says before she walks away, dragging Sam with her, whose face crumbles down with every step he takes.
Dean shuddered at the very thought of it. He rose his head to look at Cas, seeking comfort in the deep blue of his eyes that were already staring at him.
“It was my fault” Cas whispers, and he means it. “I knew it was a mistake but… I guess I wasn’t made for such quantity of alcohol” he says with a little laugh to hide the bitterness bubbling behind his teeth.
And now he’s gone, dead and cold in all the horror death represents, and she doesn’t know what’s worse. That he won’t come back, or that she truly believed he would after they carried his grace back to this world.
Dean opens his mouth, closes it, to open it again without any sound coming out of it. He then sighs, and sits down on one of the chairs around the table, suddenly feeling very exhausted. It’s as if he had spent weeks in this world, without sleeping more than a night. The small rest he got before he went searching into the woods didn’t affect him in any way and now he feels like a hollow shell, a paper thin body for a soul bursting of emotion.
“I need your help” he said again, trying not to sound too desperate. Despair was what Lucifer fed on.
“How did you know I was there?” Castiel shouts and his wings have a wide beat that creates electricity on Dean's whole body, making the hair on the back of his head stand on end. “Have you been following me?!”
Dean nearly stops in the middle of the aisle, before realizing he’d only create more chaos. He keeps on walking, giving Cas a surprised look. “Seriously?”
They stay like this for a moment, Dean dozing, between life and dream. He does not care about the intimacy of the gesture, for it feels strangely familiar, as if it was a ritual between them, a habit they never lost. Castiel breathes into Dean's hair, smelling the strong scent of forest and sugar with a hint of blood, and warm dust. He wishes he could fall asleep right now, once again surrounded by Dean's aura, holding him tight in his arms. But there was a turmoil in his mind he could not tame.
It was a need deeper than that, rooted deep in his lungs, tendrils wrapped around his veins and bones, the very blood pumping in his muscles. It was as important as the air he breathed – he needed it to live. But it was also way beyond this earthly plane. It was majestic and ethereal and divine. It was a desire pure and golden. Next to Cas, he felt warm and safe and just wonderfully well, and he would never be ashamed of that.
It was enough strangeness to make Dean hit the road, but now that he is here, he feels like it’s a dead end. He walks deeper into the place, the floor cracking under his feet. Spiderwebs are hanging from the ceiling, dust covering the counter in a thick, gray layer, and broken bottles are scattered everywhere, pieces of green glass shining in Dean’s eye.
Every day that follows feels like Dean is walking in a solar glow, constantly surrounded by a warm, dancing light around him.
Sam has a strangled sob and steps back until his back hits the old fireplace. Charlie stands in front of him, bird wings open wide behind her, protecting him.
“I cannot let him be his own destruction” Mother says and her eyes shine with a familiar, bright blue. “He has lost his way and it is my duty to show him the right path again.”
Mother doesn't blink. Her eye is cold and stares at him mercilessly. “I cannot let my own son run to his downfall because of something as meaningless as a human.”
There are a few moments where the room is completely silent, to the point his eyelids are starting to flutter, heavy of sleep. Then Cas rolls on his side and starts staring at Dean. Intensely.
Castiel's breath gets stuck in his throat and he blinks, his words blown away by the blast Dean created in his heart, and he knows it will always be like that. He knows that the centuries will flow, the faces will get blurrier, and he may turn to dust and ash and he may see this world crumble to his feet, but what he is sure of is that they will never be apart. If dust and ash they are destined to become, then dust and ash they will be, but only if they swirl together in the hot wind brushing the broken Earth. Even in the fire, his bond to Dean will always be nuclear, monstrous and dangerous, and it will set the Universe on fire, defying the rules of these stars and voids.
Before they could ask her what that meant, she disappeared into a cloud of black smoke, only leaving a few leaves ablaze behind. They looked at each other, took a deep breath and finally began to walk through the fields.
Cas shrugged. “No one can prove it” he said as he walked to the front desk to get the real prize, and not just an empty box, which would be pretty disappointing.
“You want to kill me, right?” Dean said, though he didn’t refuse. In this moment, he would do anything to please Cas. The angel smiled at him and with a small sigh in return he followed Cas to his doom.
Castiel's breath is taken away and he turns slowly to Dean, seeing the demon raised his head to the skies, breathless, his evil features illuminated by the same neon lights he once saw, many nights ago when it felt like all hope was gone and burned to the ground. He sees his bright green eyes opening wide, tears of astonishment filling these fields of light, his lips slightly open as if he was trying to sip the colors, taste them on his tongue, make them his, hold them against his heart so it would beat of all the wonder of this world.
. The only thing they found in the Men of Letters’ books was the thin hypothesis they may exist, so it was foolishness to even believe you could enter one.
When it feels like a whole desert came into his lungs, his only soft memory is the night before. He fell asleep and woke up to the sound of Castiel's soft breathing, and the heat of his chest surrounding him. The angel thrown an arm around his waist, holding him as close as possible. Dean felt a heavy weight on his legs and when he moved to look at it, it was just Lazarus, curled up into a ball of darkness, snoring in the morning light. He got up silently, pushing the cold sheets away, leaving the soft freshness behind. The dog raised his sleepy head and looked at him, his dark eyes full of an intelligence that unsettled Dean.
“Damn, me too” Dean answered, and he paused for a second, swinging on his feet and suddenly he seemed nervous. “Maybe… maybe you could come back some time soon? I mean, maybe outside of work, if you’d liked?” he asked, a ball of iron suddenly weighing down on his throat.
Sam shakes his head in agreement before turning to make his way towards the diner, but Jack doesn’t move. He is still staring through the road. Dean knows he has to do something, but comforting has always been a hard skill for him to master. So, instead of trying to figure it out on his own he thinks of what would Cas do? Walking towards him, he thinks of every moment Cas had made him feel less alone, and harnesses his energy. He grabs Jack by the shoulders,
Dean’s inside did a backflip off of a building. The mention of his name cause electricity to run through his body readying him to fight. He knows he is not the only left to mourn Cas, but it feels wrong to hear his name on someone else’s lips.
The converge in the middle of what would normally be a busy intersection, which is now surrounded by car’s with popped up hoods and ice cream melting on picnic tables.
The bell on the front door chimes as Jack steps through the entrance. His face even sadder than his hunched over walk.
Jessica nods. Dean sighs deeply and tries to gather his strength before he grabs Castiel's hand and starts running to the forest, Jess' warm palm in his other one, and he feels all their lives pulsing in his fingers as he runs and runs, the dark pines on focus as he begs, he prays he'll not loose any of them.
“It's OK.” His brother answers, cutting him off. “I will do it.” He gives Dean a weak smile. “If it can help us catching Amara, I'll do it.”
Hannah’s wings unfurled now, the room flooded with pale blue light. She was now just a step away from him, her eyes diving into his, and suddenly her hands reached to him. He flinched, ready to fight back, but her fingers only landed on his shoulders in a desperate try. Castiel blinked, dazzled, for the touch of his own kin had been so rare it was now electrifying.
