Reader's Notes: OMGD Can you believe that I finished something? OMGD Harry and Clara in this chapter... SMH I almost ran out of voices (with only six characters!); I need more practice!
“Are you… so you’re not…” Sherlock’s voice was small and stuttering. “You’re not really my mom, then?”
She followed his frightened gaze to the tree. “What is it, John?” Though she didn’t need an answer because she saw it then. John remained silent but slipped his tiny hand into hers, holding tight.
“Oh, um, yes. My mother was recently able to convince the traveling doctor, Vihaan, to buy our old house and set up a practice,” Mik paused here, a little short of breath and unused to the swift pace the other two were setting. Wat noticed this and slowed a bit.
Intercede himself? Sherlock decided that was the only avenue left to him. If he leapt from the balcony and chanted the flight spell mid-fall, he could control his trajectory. He could fly down to the servant and stop the woman himself and—there was no more time for thinking. Adrenaline born of danger and anticipation flowed through each artery, each muscle. His heart was pounding in his ears, almost loud enough to deafen him.
A vulnerable expression flashed across Mycroft’s eyes, but it was gone before Sherlock could even think to remark on it, and a flinty expression replaced it. “You will never be able to see your way to victory if you cannot see and anticipate the advantages others have over you, Sherlock. That is an unacceptable mindset for someone who lives in the palace, under constant watch!”
“Do spare me the obvious things, brother mine. I’m sure you’ve noticed her limp?” Mycroft’s loftily replied, sounding uninterested though the sharp focus of his eyes upon the woman betrayed him.
“Well,” lord Tufaena’s eyes flicked from John to Wat, but quickly back to John again, “if it isn’t the little bastard. I should have known you would grow up a runt.”
“I went to check on Harry. They wouldn’t let me see her since she was sleeping. They said she would be fine, though…” John trailed off uncertainly.
John held firm to this hope as he entered the doctor’s residence and approached Mik, the only person in the receiving room. The news he received was mixed, but John could only sigh in relief when Mik told him that Vihaan thought Harry’s deafness was temporary. He told John that Vihaan was keeping her overnight for observation, but that Harry would likely be fine come morning, with such an aura of awe and hero worship about him that John was simultaneously annoyed and reassured.
Just that quickly the rumble had gotten louder. As his father pulled John and Harry down to the earth and guided them to tuck their heads underneath his arms, John spied pebbles moving on the floor. The ground beneath them was shuddering so hard that the pebbles were bouncing a few inches off of the floor. John had never seen anything like it.
Leave me a comment if you want to talk plot points, characterization, the setting of the story, etc. I basically obsess over this so I have lots to say if you want to discuss it, lol. If you're shy, my email's in my bio :-)
Mycroft raised his head in a haughty manner, chin sticking out and eyes going hard for a moment, before he softened and conceded, “Yes, actually. Though not for the reasons you assume. I was simply wondering what it must be like to have such freedom, for one to be able to choose one’s profession. I doubt the girl truly realizes the blessings of low birth.”
In my other (upcoming) fiction, "Falling is Just Like Flying," I think you'll find him much more in character. :) I think.
Wat looked down at John from the corner of his eye and, for a moment, the look in his eyes was unrecognizable to John, foreign and shrewd. Then, Wat softened and sighed, bringing up a hand to cover his eyes. He gave John’s shoulder one last squeeze, in comfort this time, and then released him. He turned to busy himself with the fish and avoided eye contact with both John and Harry, who were watching him for any signs to explain his strange behavior, this strange collapse. Harry was looking askance at Wat, while John boldly stared.
John shot Harry a look from beneath his lashes. While he had not expected to fall in, the water had been cool and comfortable. Being inside of the basin, fighting against the mini-currents caused by the other writhing bodies in the water was… refreshing. For a moment, John had felt as if it must be the best moment of his life. Harry, on the other hand, was looking plum-like again. His papa also looked a little shaken, so John decided he would try not to fall into the basin again. Still… no matter how much Harry glared or yelled, John refused to regret it.
The man looked gobsmacked at what Sherlock had just done and had frozen in surprise as Sherlock had zipped past him. When Sherlock pointed an incriminating finger at him, the mage seemed to come back to himself and flinched. He jerkily moved back into the shadow of the unlit balcony, but Sherlock could see the guards stationed at the walls already moving to apprehend the man.
John entered his home. He paused briefly to caress the top of the box by the door, and he spared a small smile for the tiny rabbit figurine that sat next to it, which had used to belong to his mother. Then he turned to walk into the house fully and shut the door.
There were fixtures at the top, carved rods that were sturdy enough for the mages who sat at the top to hold on to while the lord rode beneath them, enclosed. One particular witch caught John’s eye. He had dark hair, neatly cropped short like John’s—once he had grown old enough to truly tire of it flopping into his eyes—though, in contrast, his deep brown eyes had a manic fire in them that made even John want to glance away in discomfort. The mage’s gaze swung in John’s direction and held. John thought the sorcerer may have been staring at him. Then he heard Harry gasp, too, and was not sure the man was actually looking at any of them individually. A chill ran down John’s spine, and he was suddenly very aware that neither he nor anyone else in the marketplace had the magic to counter any enchantment the man might cast over them.
Wat’s sudden vehemence shocked John back into silence. They stood there in the quiet for a few moments more, John stunned and Wat’s face a mix of embarrassment and regret as he calmed and seemed to realize his son’s curiosity was undeserving of his ire.
“I came home as soon as possible, Harry.” John replied, trying to remain calm. He was terrible at keeping his emotions off of his face though, and he figured Harry could read some of his irritation.
John shot to his feet. He had to get out of there. He had to tell the authorities, the domestic militia, or—or just go to his room, collapse on his bed, shut the world out and cry. There were so many ugly things in the world, hideous things that he had never even considered could exist, and yet they had touched his family. He felt like he was part of this, too, those ugly things had made him up. He was the final product of all the attack on his mother. He had not known that a person could be so cruel, how—he had to get out of this room!
Was that an elephant? John tried to maneuver his head from under his father’s heavy arm. Had that been—yes!
“I sent for the doctor and Emma was able to recover at home. I tried to speak to the authorities about it, but Tufaena pays them off. He owns them, and they told me to my face that they would not do anything to bring him to justice. He is a monster, John. Tufaena is a monster, and I mean every word when I tell you that he is the enemy of this family.” Wat looked at John when he said that last, a fire in his gaze and steel in his voice.
“What…” a voice came from behind John, but Harry was still rambling too loudly to hear it. John heard it and turned to the side.
John did not even want to talk about something happening to Wat, lest some lingering spirit hear it and make it come true. John was not very superstitious, but he was well aware that some patients died while receiving medical care, and their spirits could be hanging around. He was not taking any chances.
Sherlock visits John's sister, but she is drunk and hardly coherent. Once he leaves, she will likely not even remember their conversation, or whether he had been there at all. Still, it's easy to deduce John has not visited her in some time, even without decoding her slurred replies.
Tufaena had leaned back in his seat to speak to his manservant. He continued speaking to him at some length, Sherlock noticed, which was peculiar. In a room full of nobles from far and wide all over the empire, the man chose to stay in his seat and speak to his servant? No one else seemed to notice, but Sherlock’s interest was piqued.
John tried the clinic door, only to find that it was still locked. He knocked on the door. A few minutes passed before he heard the sound of the lock being undone. A drowsy Mik opened the door. It was clear that he had only just woken up. His eyes were barely open to slits and, although he was dressed, he still had his nightcap on.
“Your Majesties,” the woman began, “I thank you for hearing my concerns today. It has been six months since my husband passed and our farm is being poisoned by the nearby mill. They grind animal bones and the runoff of their business flows into our water line. It is polluting the water we use on our crops.”
John acknowledged that only part of his anxiousness was because of concern. He also wanted to talk to his father who he had not seen in years.
Mik smiled, clearly also relieved that they had come to some agreement. He had obviously found it difficult to deny his friend. “That’s absolutely fine, John. Though I would advise him not to get too close to the patients. A lot of them seem to have cholera-like symptoms, but the illness behaves more like a contagion. If it was truly cholera, people could not catch it from another person, but this—”
“Let Harry do most of the lifting since she’s older than you, John. You just hold that rope steady so she doesn’t drop it.” John patted John on the head and gave Harry’s shoulder a brief touch before he went back across the deck to continue working on the net piled against the rim.
The next citizen to approach the dais identified himself as a doctor. The doctor’s apprentice approached with him, but kept her hands clasped nervously in front of her and her eyes on the flagstones beneath her feet. The doctor had huge eyes and bowed gratuitously to them all, and he reminded Sherlock of a one of the goshawks that liked to build their nests in the palace maze.
Rivulets of water sped down the dark rope to rejoin with the river. John could not see the body of the net yet, but he was almost vibrating with the intensity of his anticipation.
All in all, after making his way around to a few stands, John only had to spend money at the dessert stand. Even that was discounted, since the stall owner recognized that John’s father was also frequently at market, and simply asked for a discount for himself later. John returned to the stall with a packet of samosas, a dumpling-like filled parcel with minced lamb and vegetables inside—his favorite, and aloo tikki, a fried croquette made primarily of potato and curd, and spiced with onions and mint chutney—one of his father’s favorites.
They reached the shore of the Sutlej and began walking along it. There were a few boats that they passed, but Harry confirmed John that none of them were their father’s. They were all too small, she told him. They approached a small, empty rowboat that was anchored by two nearby bushes. John ran ahead of Harry to peer into the boat. She let him look his fill but scolded him loudly when he made to climb into the boat for a closer look at the oars. Harry was so loud, John would swear that he heard her voice echo across the nearby plains.
One of the vendors had offered to deep fry some of their fish for them, if they would share with the vendor, and John promised he would relay the message to his father. In addition to all of that, one of the vendors, a young woman who worked at the nearby temple and blushed more than anyone else John had ever met, had sent Harry a love package of mutton tikka—and John could not help but be a little jealous. Why didn’t he have paramours who sent free food—and some kebabs, though John had run out of space to carry them and had shoved the ends of them into his mouth instead. He did not think Harry would want them after that treatment, and John giggled internally as he imagined her annoyed reaction.
They walked on for a few moments in silence, the sun beating down on their necks and glimmering in the sweat on John’s forehead and Harry’s exposed back. Through they were still walking at a swifter pace than he was used to, John was finally beginning to catch his breath. A deer, grazing on the plain nearby, paused and looked at them before it decided they were not a threat and resumed indulging in the foliage.
While gasping for breath, Sherlock decided he may as well play it up. He began begging loudly for water, almost crying in distress. All of this was in aid of exhausting his nanny. Once she was both sufficiently exhausted with him and appeased that he had at least eaten some ‘real food’ he would instruct her to load his plate up with desserts, which he would actually enjoy. His favorites were the sticky desserts he was allowed to eat with his fingers. His nanny and Mycroft always complained that they were overly sweet, but Sherlock believed they were only trying to convince to him to abandon the best bits to them. He did not believe that a thing could ever be ‘too’ sweet.
“I’ve got enough on my hands with the outbreak, I’m telling you! And all of my research… there just aren’t enough hours in the day, John.” Mik turned into a room, seeming to finally run out of steam for his rant.
Chala was older than Harry but younger than John’s own father. Now, she stood on the small stoop in front of her house, holding her newborn wrapped loosely in a colorful strip of fabric. John had only seen the baby once before, on her name day, where there had been more desserts on the table than John had ever seen outside of the market.
“You see this dark rope here, John?” Wat tapped the knot of dark brown rope that was tied to a metal hoop in the deck.
“Well,” Jaituna continued, then hesitated, her voice softening as Sherlock was still too shocked to reply. “long story short, you were a snake. The woman picked you up from the banks of a river and as soon as she had hidden you away in a pot, you transformed into the coronet that your father received. Of course, we had to research this. Unidentified magic cannot be kept so close the royal family, for obvious reasons. That was when we found that you were from the Snake Queen’s particular brand of magic. You know from your studies that magic often responds well to a pure, focused desire. Well, it so happens that the Snake Queen’s magic responds particularly well, though we were assured after you had been with us for a few months that you had settled. Still, if anyone outside of the enchantment discusses your true nature, you will turn back into a snake, forever.”
It appeared that the assassination attempt had achieved some emotional effect on his mother, Sherlock thought detachedly. It was out of character for her to see to his safety first, so that was unlikely to be the reason she insisted on escorting him. Perhaps she wished to scold him for the recklessness of the actions he had taken that night, in private.
I may eventually take down the chapters and just leave the complete recording up here. I'm undecided. We'll see.
“Papa,” John said, looking up at his father, “earlier, in the market, that lord… you said—he said—you said you would…”
John’s shrill childish voice cut through his panting breaths. “But I can learn, too! Papa said I could come as long as I promised not to fall in.”
John could not see much through the narrow doorway of the tanners. From what he could see, their stand and the one across the lane from them had begun to sway jerkily. As John watched, their table—which had been unevenly set up even in the morning and suffering under a load improved it not at all—buckled and sent the remaining fish an ice chips scattering. They hit the ground and trembled, too, but John could not hear them over the roar in his ears.
“What’s wrong? Why would anything be wrong, John?” Harry asked, acidly. “I’ve only been taking care of our handicapped father for the last six months, while you were off exploring!”
“No,” Sherlock said again, more strength in his voice this time. The snake’s gaze was still connected with his, and then suddenly—
Wat paused there, disconcerted for some reason John did not know, but he continued before John could say anything. For his part, John had heard of Wat and Harry mention fleeting things about his mother, Harry less often as she had gotten older, but this was the most he had ever heard spoken about her at one time.
“No, mummy,” Sherlock answered immediately, expression aiming for earnestness, “Mycroft is being unbearable.”
Contrary to what John had expected, Mik actually looked relieved at John’s reply. “Hiring you as an assistant would be ideal for me, though I would like your assurance that you’ll give me at least a few days’ notice when you decide you’re going back to fishing. That way, I can get your help with the influx of cholera patients and have more time to continue research on my cure. And if you’re not my apprentice, then I can continue looking for one who can stay on long term.”
A few seconds after his mother left, he could hear his father’s muted voice. His mother’s reply, if there was one, was too soft for Sherlock to make out. Siger had returned to Sherlock’s rooms. Sherlock waited for a few still moments to see if his father would come in to see him, but the door stayed closed. It was as Sherlock had expected; Siger had only come to check on his mother.
John could not bring himself to return the embrace, but he buried his face in Wat’s neck as he wailed in grief and anger. This was his father, the only one he knew… He comprised everything that fatherhood meant to John. John could not bear finding out that he did not really belong here, with this man. This was his family. This family was all he had ever known, and he loved them.
“It’s the farmer,” Sherlock said in a hushed voice as shock caused the arm he pointed with to waver. “He’s still there with you. Why won’t he leave? Sentiment? But then, why make the crops fail?”
John eventually went lax in Wat’s arms, exhausted, and his wails quieted to long, drawn out sobs. John would always consider Wat his father. He did not know if Wat really meant what he said—that he truly considered John his son—or if he had just kept John out of a sense of obligation to John’s mother, his wife, after she had died. But John knew, not matter what Wat’s true feelings were, he considered Wat his father. Harry was his sister… and, on certain, his brother.
Abruptly, the cobra was there between Sherlock and viper. Part of its sinuous body trailed over the viper’s tail. The cobra swayed as it began to rise. Sherlock’s scrabbling hands finally met the wall of the pit, thankfully not nearly as soft and giving as the ground. The cobra dipped as the saw scaled viper’s body writhed beneath it, both snakes gathering to strike. The last thing Sherlock saw before he hurriedly climbed the wall was the cobra opening its maw wide, extending gleaming fangs as long as its entire head as its still trailed along the ground of the pit, tangling with the viper’s.
Wat came to quickly stand between his children and put an arm around each shoulder. The bustle of the marketplace had grown as still as it could do, in the middle of the day. Everyone had slowed and moved to the side of the road, watching as the paladin made its approach.
“I fell in love with her that day, and she told me where I could write to her before we parted. I went to the Golden Temple and begged for someone there to teach me how to read, just so that I could write her. She returned my letters even though I was below her. She was the daughter of a merchant, educated and refined, and I was a simple peasant.
John debated whether he should go to the doctor to check on Harry or home as his father had instructed. In the end, he headed for the doctor’s residence. His father would forgive him if John explained how worried he was, hopefully, and that was only if his father was still at the residence. John hoped it was nothing, an easy fix, and that his sister and father were already at home.
“And then… and then he left her there, drugged and incoherent, prone and unable to fend for herself…”
“Thank you, mummy!” Sherlock bolted upright in bed. He would have jumped from the bed entirely if it had not been for his mother’s stern look and raised finger.
“A lesser noble truly has the most advantages.” Mycroft continued, taking a deep breath for calm, “They are allowed to keep a small staff, which affords them privacy, unlike us. They may not have all of the wealth of other lords or ladies, but they have the most mobility, able to come and go anywhere without raising suspicion or expectation. Surely, you must see that there are certain downfalls of imperiality. You, out of everyone, must see that.”
Sherlock missed a step. There was no ground under his feet where there should be. The hedge walls were too far away to realistically reach for and, even if there had been something close enough for Sherlock to grab, his momentum would have carried him into the pit regardless.
John gingerly pushed the door to his father’s room open. He opened it slowly, so as not to startle his father if he was inside, all the while thinking of other places his father might be, if not in his room. Perhaps John should check the garden next. It was possible, with such a great injury, Wat may still be residing with the village doctor. John hoped that was not the case. Out of all of the desires he had for his return, he primarily wanted to find out that Harry’s recounting of his father’s injuries was an exaggeration.
Sherlock is tasting blood in his mouth. This case... it isn't clean. No one has punched him--and yet, though it is somehow impossible, the acrid copper taste is there all the same. He thinks it may be because of his desperation or his nervousness, a sense of dread which he tries to rationalize away and then, when that doesn't work, to suppress. That doesn't work, either.
“What do you imagine you were doing earlier, showing off? Just because you have knowledge doesn’t mean everyone else should have it as well.”
Mycroft was seated in their father’s throne, looking peering down his nose at the current supplicant. He was wearing a complicated expression, both benign and condescending, which had the unfortunate effect of having his nostrils flared wide. Unfortunate. Wait, was it unfortunate? Why was it unfortunate? Sherlock thought it made him look like he had a sinus condition.
“Hey, you think it’ll be windy enough to need to let the side flap down?” John asked, eyeing it from where he stood need the table.
It had been built in the spirit of a garden maze, though it lacked the complexity to be a true maze. It offered five, maybe six turns before a guest would find themselves back at the beginning of the maze. With that fact in mind, Sherlock hoped that the close quarters might slow the man down and give Sherlock the chance to corner and/or incapacitate him. He briefly considered simply waiting at the entrance of the enclosure for the man to reemerge. His impatience and uncertainty won out over that decision, and he pursued the man into the maze.
“So, what brings you here, John? I would have thought you would be out fishing already?” Mik asked as they cleared away their used dishes.
Harry seemed even more upset that she had been died her revenge. She shoved past John, though she slowed down and carefully maneuvered around Wat. John craned his neck around the kitchen doorframe and saw her disappear down the hallway. A few moments later, there was the sound of her cursing and then the slam of a room door. For all their sakes, John hoped it was the door to the washroom. Harry fiercely needed a bath.
Yet, one particular object had arrested John’s attention as he departed, or rather, the memory had arrested him. He had touched the anti-magic box, as he had for the last eight years since his father had told him of their family’s blessing. Or should it be their family’s curse? As he had reached for it, he could suddenly picture the moment again in his mind’s eye, as clear as the day it had happened. His confusion, apprehension, and trust in his father had all warred inside of him. In hindsight, it had not really been a choice; he could not deny his family their safety if it was within his power, sure, but at five years old he simply could not deny the authority that his father had wielded in anything. His father had phrased it as a question, asking John to swear to join in their little family ritual, as a courtesy and because he was kind.
John, looking through the narrow doorway of the tanners, saw another elephant thunder past at a remarkable speed. The next one had a person riding on it.
Sherlock kept his gaze on his plate and leisurely took a bite of food. He pretended not to hear Mycroft’s calls.
Eight months after being snatched up by Jim, John is living in misery, selling himself for his sister's sake. He tries to understand Jim, but it seems hopeless.
John had felt somewhat self-righteous when he had chosen his own path, into the military, against everyone’s expectations. It had felt good to show everyone that they were wrong about him, that John Watson was not a one-page book. He wanted to support justice in his nation, however he could. That was why, when a recruiter had waved him down in the marketplace, he had been very interested in what the officer had to say.
Mik’s reply was as drab as his expression, “I’m her butcher. I butcher her kills so that she can take them to market.”
Sherlock closed his eyes and welcomed sleep that night. He wanted to dream about all of the new adventures he would have once he escaped the palace. One last, discordant thought flittered through his mind before sleep claimed him:
.” Sherlock moves his hands to wrap around John’s head, scratching at his scalp in a calming way. He pulls back to look directly into the Alpha’s eyes.
The Lords sit back down and start up again, speaking more politely though still through their teeth to each other. The room smelling heavily of the dark pine pheromones John put out, it makes him feel powerful, knowing that he doesn’t even need to speak to dominate and control the other Alphas. Next to him he notices a slight movement and is surprised to see that it’s Sherlock, who is sitting just barely hunched over, hands politely in his lap. It takes a moment for John to realize what movement he saw but once he does, what the teen is doing sends both dread and arousal down John’s spin. The normally perfectly poised Omega is lightly moving his hips in a circle, grinding his ass into the fabric of John’s chair.
He draws his hand back, waiting for the Omega to answer his question, but the Prince stays silent. The Alpha lets his hand smack against the pale skin once, the sound obscenely loud in the small room. Sherlock bucks against the table and cries out, his voice high in his whine, a single small tear falling from the corner of his eye and onto the table below.
certainly gets about.” John sighs, sad about how so many had to die. He takes a few sips of tea, attempting to calm himself.
“Come on Baby. Come on. Take Alpha’s knot.” John says above him, pushing hard against the rim again, grinding and grinding, feeling the teen letting up.
.” John says, the bit of dirty talk leaving his mouth before he even has time to think. It’s a first for him to get to talk much during sex, he had done a bit with Sherlock but his Alpha is normally in control during sex, but now he’s calm and can talk and he doesn’t stop himself.
“No. I want to see more of why Uncle wants this case done so badly and why dad is ignoring it.” The teen looks serious, his light blue eyes narrowed in thought.
“Relax Love, it’s okay, I don’t need to leave. The trap won’t work anymore.” John smiles, once again he knows something that Sherlock doesn’t about Alphas. He pets Sherlock’s hair as the Omega looks at him, eyebrows drawn together, confused.
John changes his position, determined to find that spot, shifting further down to make his cock drag deliciously along Iris’s insides. When he hits it, Iris’s whole body jerks and the little Omega cries out.
“Alright.” Iris seems put out. John knows the teen knows he lied. He might as well have just flat out said it. Could have just said that he was worried about something that he was never going to discuss and maybe that would be better, maybe not. He chose what he chose and now he will live with it. Iris walks back to the kitchen.
Sherlock wants in on the fun if John is going to be talking like that. The desperation of their mating had been too much for words, but now it’s almost like they get another shot, just with Iris here to liven the party.
I would like to point out to those who have expressed a dislike for my interpretation of the characters, that Sherlock is an Omega by gender but he is actually a switch in terms of sexual preference. For John, he is an Alpha by gender and dominate by preference, but is conflicted due to Sherlock saying he doesn't want a mate and Iris being young.
. John’s cock aches between his legs, neglected as he kisses up toward his prize, the scent of slick getting headier as he goes farther. He’s excited to see up close that Sherlock is very particular about his grooming, his dark hair short and neatly trimmed, making John realize the detective might have planned for this, since with how busy they were he would have had to actually care about his own body for a moment. So, Sherlock
“It’s okay pup. John’s here to help, he’s okay.” Sherlock says rubbing his nose as Iris uses the little strength he has to look back at the Alpha. John gives him a smile. The young Omega gives a small smile back, then looks down John’s body realizing that the Alpha is naked behind him. When he spots the Alpha’s cock laying thick and long against the sheets, glistening with fluids, he flings his whole body back forward, burying his head into his father’s chest, a blush covering his entire face. He groans in embarrassment upon realizing that they’re all naked and the bedding smells amazingly like the older Alpha he and his father have been both crushing on. The musk of his pine scent is almost too much to bear and he buries his nose into his dad’s scent gland for a bit of a reprieve.
The Alpha can’t help but bark out a laugh. He turns around and heads to the kitchen for a cup of tea. As he’s standing there waiting for the kettle to boil, Sherlock comes out of the bedroom already dressed in a suit, clearly also ready for the bomber's quests to continue. John turns back to the kettle, internally cursing the thing for holding him back from the sweet elixir of life that a morning cup of tea holds. That is until he smells his scent, heavy of Sherlock as the Omega strolls by him. He expected the detective to have some scent that might have rubbed off from Iris since the teen likely didn’t shower before getting in the nest. But the heavy scent suggests that Iris and Sherlock had scented each other while the teen was still covered in his Alpha scent. It’s confusing, but John takes it as a good sign that Sherlock might not be entirely mad at him anymore.
John sets his jaw tight. Sherlock is calling him out for his behavior, strangely at a time when he should be thinking of the case, not that there are any clues yet for him to analyze. He takes a few calming breaths and thinks before answers. “You are correct.
“Ah, the great Sherlock Holmes, stumped by the daily activities of the common man. What a sight to behold.” John quips, smiling as he sets a large plate of food in front of the detective, who stares at it then back at the Alpha. “Well tuck in. It won’t bite you. In fact, you are the one who should be doing the biting.” John has no idea where the sudden mood switch has come from, he feels all over the place emotionally, but is determined to be his best Alpha self while all this conflict is going on.
Sherlock practically screams at the touch, his back arching, and his cock spurting his first hot release untouched between the legs of the table. He pants out heavy breathes mixed with garbled words as he tries to form a sentence but fails to say anything. John only gives him a moment before he dives right in, digging his tongue as far into the wet hole as he can get, lapping at the delicious slick, letting it slide down his chin when he sucks at the rim. His own cock aches as he swallows mouthfuls of the Omega’s sweet essence, never letting up for a moment, making sure the Prince’s body is truly ready for him.
Sherlock chuckles and runs his own hand over his stomach, groaning when he feels how full he is. He won’t admit it to John yet, but he’s never felt so satisfied, he can tell the Alpha’s control is at its lowest, so best to wait until another time to mention loving being filled. “It’s fine.” Sherlock echoes John’s favorite statement and the Alpha laughs, smiling down at him.
As always, please let me know what you think by adding a comment. I hope you enjoyed. I enjoyed writing it.
“Oh, Sherly, you need to think more outside the box.” Jim looks so proud of himself. Out of his pocket he produces a small glass vile. “Now this little beauty…well. It’s my own invention. It took a few years to figure out but I thought, what if instead of doing something
Sherlock whines and bucks, making the Alpha grab a hold of his hips, growling out a warning to be good as he stops to grind into his hole. “So close. So close.” John pants out as he draws back to shove in once again, picking back up a brutal pace for the moment, knowing the boy’s body can take it, just working him that final bit.
“Come on Alpha. I told you to fill him up, he’s not as full as I am.” Sherlock pouts as if he’s unhappy with his son not getting his fair share of the Alpha’s cum. John knows he always pours out more on the second round, it’s normal for Alpha’s to release more once the Omega has been plugged up, biology and all that.
His shallower thrusts are met with enthusiasm as Sherlock can feel the growing knot stretching him wider, his body naturally pulling John in. His body wants everything from the Alpha, he wants to be filled with John’s seed, his Omega reminding him how amazing he had felt to be full with a child once. It whispers to him that this time would be even better, because it would be with
“I know you will. You’re our good Alpha.” Sherlock smiles and John chuckles a bit, the mood lightened until Iris whimpers as his body trembles.
Sometime in the night Iris rolls to the side and John waking up briefly puts his arm around the teen. He notices that the pup’s scent has changed and he’s no longer putting off the scent of heat. John tries not to panic as he realizes that the end of the scent means that the teen is likely pregnant.
“We should stop meeting like this.” John says flirtatiously, his voice deep and throaty, sending shivers down the Omega’s spine.
“Presumably you have three more to solve.” John says after they finish. “What’d you think will happen after you solve them?”
“I — I didn’t want them. I just kept thinking of you. But I knew I had to do it — because if I didn’t I could accidentally hurt you or Iris.” John closes his eyes and nuzzles into Sherlock’s hand.
John turns a few more pages as Iris leans against him slightly. “Two kids stabbed in Stoke Newington.” He closes the paper and moves onto the one below it. “Ah. Man found on the train line – Andrew West.” John tries to prompt some sort of reaction out of Sherlock.
John rushes over and helps Sherlock to his feet, which the Omega tries to brush off but the doctor in John has him checking over the detective’s head and throat for injuries. The skin is red and irritated, but he seems fine. Once he’s satisfied, Sherlock gives him his weapon back. “We should get you some lessons.” John comments, which draws an irritated scowl from the still upset Omega.
John feels like he’s getting smarter with each case he goes on. Sherlock might not be happy with what’s happened around the flat but if he can help with this case, he might just get back in his good graces enough to explain the other stuff. If he were still courting Sherlock, not that he had truly started, he could have presented his findings each time as his gifts. Usually courting gifts were small and given frequently, but Sherlock wasn’t the type to like flowers and candies, or trinkets which gleam. But tangible clues and theories behind cases, things that John would think of but the detective wouldn’t, could be invaluable.
afraid to tell me when I need to check myself, when I’m being too harsh but you also don’t give up on me if I tell you I don’t care. You don’t need to protect us from Moriarty, that’s my job. Your job is to keep us safe from all the others and I can’t think of a better person for the job.”
Reluctantly pulling the rest of the way off, he sits up and strips his sweater off with abandon. His dress shirt fares worse when he rips it off, buttons be damned, he’s too impatient to undress properly right now especially with the way the detective is looking up at him, hair a messy halo of dark curls and eyes begging him to come back and finish what he started. But John hesitates instead staying still, willing his Alpha to calm down so he can drink in the marvelous sight below him. Sherlock looks up at him and licks his lips appreciatingly, staring up at the strong Alpha above him. But then looks a little confused when the Alpha doesn’t immediately pounce back on him. John looks down at the Omega’s shirt and back up with a cocky raise of his eyebrow. Suddenly, the detective’s hands are flying to his own shirt buttons in fear that they will end up like John’s which are now scattered over the bed. The Alpha just grins down at him darkly, watching as more and more beautiful pale skin is slowly revealed with the removal of each pesky button. The dark shirt falls to either side of Sherlock’s chest, letting John get his first look at his soon to be mate.
As the detective types in the answer to the puzzle onto his website, John remembers once again why he feels so attached to the Omega. It isn’t just the scent, it’s this. It’s the way his brain puts all the strange little pieces of seemingly random information to use, to help people in his own obscure way.
“Responsive.” The Alpha growls out, amused. Sherlock just whimpers, words completely gone, his body doing all the talking for him as his heat takes over and he starts to run on instinct alone.
“People don’t like telling you things, but they love to contradict you. Past tense, did you notice?” Sherlock takes off his gloves as he walks in long strides.
The Alpha gives one final shove, aggressively pulling the Omega back, digging his hands into the alabaster flesh and seating him fully on his knot, slipping in to sit in that tight warm virgin hole.
Please enjoy the latest chapter of Double Down and as always my work is completely based on fiction and I do not condone the behavior in it in real life, this is all just fantasy.
As John pulls back from the kiss, his eyes connect with Sherlock’s for the briefest moment and he smiles, but the Omega is too overwhelmed and arches his back as John slips most of the way out and gives a full thrust, the Alpha himself moaning as he sinks fully into Sherlock for the first time. His vision goes fuzzy at the sensations now assaulting his cock as he keeps himself buried to the hilt, Sherlock’s insides massaging and pulling at him from all sides, slick coating him and starting to run down along one of his balls.
“You like being exposed like this, sitting in your father’s chair.” Sherlock moans again, this time John is ready for the way the Omega’s hole flutters, his insides baring down on the length inside them. “I know you want to rule, don’t want your brother to sit here, so how about we do something about it. How about I fill you up even more, pump you full of my seed while sitting here in
“Yeah, well...” It’s a non-committal answer he used to give to his sister sometimes. One that to him means ‘I don’t want to talk about this.’ But Donovan doesn’t seem to notice or care that he’s not really answering her.
a sight he is. With everything gone he is all pale skin and lithe figure, beautiful like an ancient marble statue all laid out just for him. John tries not to stare too long, aware that Sherlock’s heat will begin hurting if he takes too long, but he can’t help himself, he’s been desperate to see this for so long.
“Normally an Alpha will only allow the Omega they are currently courting to scent them, whether by an exchange of clothing, or if already in a more committed relationship, by rubbing their scent gland together.” It sounds as if Sherlock is reading from a book and knowing his knowledge it most certainly is exactly that. “The second set of scent exchange is considered more intimate and is often used to initiate a mating.”
now. Iris said you helped him — helped him when he woke up under the spell of the false heat. You treated him respectfully as you could and took care of him after, when he was confused.” John nods. He could have never left Iris there alone to clean himself up but he cares too much about the pup to leave him like that.
Lestrade suddenly eyes Iris, taking in his nude form and clearly cum swollen stomach. The Alpha’s leather scent spikes, bitter with the anger that suddenly reaches his face.
“But even after you both fell into instinct and gave in, you were able to stop.” Sherlock pauses and watches as John’s face changes. “You left him. You went to the clinic like I told you to.” The Alpha looks down, his smile gone. Then he looks back up, zeros in on Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock looks down, looking ashamed. “I should have known that. I shouldn’t have reacted this way, I was terrified you were going to get to Iris and hurt my pup. My head isn’t working right.” Sherlock brings his one hand up to rub at his temple.
“I don’t want to change the mood so suddenly but — where did you tell Iris to run off to?” He suddenly feels a little embarrassed to know that everyone in the nearby flats are probably awake from how loud they just were.
With the practiced ease of a doctor, John hooks his fingers to apply pressure against Sherlock’s prostate and from his new position he watches as the Omega’s back arches, his head thrown back, long neck on full display. He circles and plays with it, grinning as the detective’s legs twitch, hole clenching down on his fingers, trying to pull him in deeper. He watches as a drop of precum slides sideways down Sherlock’s stomach and onto the bed. The Alpha has never had his mouth on a cock before, but as he witnesses a fresh bead of precum fall from the tip of the engorged head, he can’t imagine depriving his Omega of the experience.
Reaching the bottom of the stairs to his bedroom, John begins running up them before seeing Sherlock barreling down toward him. The sight of his new mate calms his Alpha for a moment as he looks him over, doctor mode kicking in. Sherlock seems to be fine, no blood or broken bones but he’s clearly panicked as he has his arms held out, palms facing John, shaking them back and forth as if to say ‘don’t come closer’. He takes another step up, wanting to get closer and calm him, but that just makes Sherlock cry out.
“John — you — didn’t mate me? And your knot really hurt.” Sherlock looks upset and John feels terrible because he knows why it hurt but didn’t know if would happen before it was too late.
John tisks above him, rumbling out his next words. “I thought you were going to be a good little Prince for me. Good little princes don’t grab their Alphas, now
Another door toward the back of the pool squeaks open and a man stands there obscured from view. “I gave you my number” He says in a strange pitiful voice. “I thought you might call.” Sherlock tries to get a small glimpse, thinking Moriarty will hide himself from view the whole time but he doesn’t instead the man steps fully through the door letting it close behind him. He’s dressed in a full suit and tie, expensive quality and perfectly tailored. What’s more shocking about him however, is that he’s the man that Molly introduced as her boyfriend just a few short days ago. Sherlock had dismissed him easily at the time, too swept up in the bomber case to pay attention to a new person. He had made quick deductions from the supposed Betas clothes and looks. It’s possible he wasn’t even a Beta, for all Sherlock knew he could be any of the secondary genders. Moriarty was clearly able to fool him, which means he’s more dangerous than Sherlock originally thought he would be.
“Yeah well, no more mushy stuff. I have to get back to the office, see if we’ve found anything on our end. You good staying here alone.”
John pours his feelings into the kiss, making sure that Sherlock knows that he loves him, even if he hasn’t gotten to say it yet. Even if he never gets the courage to say it out loud, his mate will know it from everything he does for him and for Iris.
“Desperate are we now.” John growls out, his smirk even wider now. Sherlock’s body fights against him, trying to fall back down so he can do it again, but John is too strong, easily holding on as Sherlock just barely manages to rock his hips for a minuscule amount of slide.
John looks around to potentially find his pistol, while Sherlock has the man occupied, but when the Omega hits the floor, his mouth and nose being covered once again by the Golem, John jumps in. The Alpha manages to get onto the giant’s back and get his strong arms around his neck, putting him into a choke hold. John roars out, instinct to protect taking him over as he holds on tight, the Golem trying to shake him off like a wild horse who refuses to be tamed.
coming.” John says flatly. Sherlock takes a few steps closer, he can’t believe John would do something like this.
“I’ve shown you what I can do. I’ve shown both of you what I can do. Isn’t that right Johnny boy.” John closes his eyes and lets out a slow breath. Sherlock’s eyes flicker to him, wondering what exactly Moriarty did in between abducting John and them arriving here. “I like solving people’s problems, I’m willing to pay thirty million quid just to get you to come out and play with me.” Jim reaches John, standing just behind him. “You see, my favorite crime is one that millions of people want all over the world.” He looks at Sherlock expectantly.
As always, please let me know what you think by adding a comment and I will do my best to get back to everyone. We are coming down to the last one maybe two chapters if I go to far and that slow burn tag is about to be fulfilled next chapter, along with all those other naughty tags that I haven't used yet.
John swipes his arm across the table, flinging maps, cups and anything else in his way to the ground before shoving Sherlock’s head down into the surface. Sherlock moans at the act of dominance, can feel the Alpha’s cock between his still cupped cheeks. It presses against his aching rim, sending a jolt of pleasure up his spine and causes a moan to rip from him throat.
But the Golem is too much, physically stronger than even the other Alphas that John wrestled with in the military. He is thrown down to the floor, his body thumping roughly against the stage before he’s grabbed up and tossed along the floor. As he goes to get up he hears two shots ring out but when he turns all he sees is Sherlock hitting the ground with his fist. The Golem has gotten away again.
sometimes.” John growls, smirking as he squeezes the detective in his arms. Happy to be finally be accepted, even if the circumstances are a little unorthodox. They can always talk it over later, when they’re safe at home instead of in a random alleyway.
“You should go check on Iris.” John says. He can only wonder what the little Omega got up to while having completely free access to his bed covered in Alpha scent. If the teen hadn’t wanked himself into a coma by now, he’d be genuinely surprised. The Alpha smirks at the thought of a satisfied Iris nesting in his bed after getting off on his scent. He might just have a late night wank himself once he’s in his own covers. As much as he would like to sleep in the Omega’s nest tonight, he doesn’t want to overstep his bounds and there will be plenty of time for that later.
you.” Sherlock can hear the dark grin in the Alpha’s tone and with that John dips down, licking between Sherlock’s balls and up over his perineum before finally flattening his tongue fully over the Omega’s virgin hole.
“Thank you Uncle. And thank you for all the times you had to look after me all these years. Buying me ice cream and taking me home.”
“Hey pup. How are you feeling?” Sherlock questions, observing Iris’s face for anything and everything.
If you enjoyed please swing by my twitter, I post what I'm writing and working on, along with how many words I've finished for each story in order to keep anyone who wants updated on my future writing.
John chucks his tea cup onto the table, tea spilling out across the messy surface. “There are lives at stake, Sherlock – actual
“Golem!” John shouts, jumping up onto the stage, pistol drawn and pointed toward the man’s face. The man is bald and his face has a grotesqueness to it that if John wasn’t a soldier he might have hesitated to get nearer. But the hands he sees about Sherlock’s neck make him more than willing to kill this man immediately, if only he could get a clear shot. John puts out a wave of Alpha scent, to see if he can get the guy to submit but the Golem just starts turning them, forcing John into a strange circle pattern as he tries to keep his gun pointed at his target. “Let him go, or I
!” His Alpha is awake and out now, howling as his knot dips further and further into Sherlock’s wet heat with each forceful thrust. When he finally slips the largest part of his knot past that tight rim he snarls out in triumph as he sinks in and they lock together. Sherlock’s insides molding around him, baring down even as his knot begins fully inflating sealing them together in their sensual embrace.
“I’m fine. Go be the big Alpha dog.” Iris says, giving a little half wave as Lestrade walks down the stairs.
Lestrade seems confused to see the other Holmes along with them, but doesn’t comment, letting them in to see the body of the Omega, Connie Prince. They gather around the table and as much as he wants to solve the case, Sherlock can’t help but watch Iris as he gets to see his first dead body. The teen doesn’t seem grossed out at all, his eyes show a hint of sadness but he’s also already observing the body, taking in what’s happened to her.
“What ... like the Connie Prince murder…he-he arranged that? So people come to him wanting their crimes fixed up, like booking a holiday?” John can’t help but find the notion to be absolutely ridiculous, but does his best to keep a straight face.
“It should have been.” John says and Iris jumps forward, startled by the Alpha’s seemingly sudden appearance, though all he ends up doing is busting his head on his dad’s nose.
John was so relaxed he almost doesn’t hear him, comforting and enjoying their synced-up breathing. “Hmmm. How am I right, exactly?” He questions.
true.” Jim smiles but it falls quickly. “Well, I’d better be off.” He shrugs, like they’ve just been having a lovely chat and now he has to get home for dinner. “Well, so nice to have had a proper chat.” He licks his lips as he looks at Sherlock.
“Going to fill you up, just like your dad.” He slips himself into Iris again, his firth thrust gentle before then draws himself back, stroking the Omega’s hot inside with his thick cock.
There’s a moment where the two stare each other down and Moriarty rubs at John’s shoulder. “Here, take it.” Sherlock relents, holding out the missile plans with one hand but never taking the pistol off of Moriarty.
“I do feel really pretty sitting on the only knot I’ll ever need.” Sherlock says with a sly little smirk on his face. He leans his head to the side and kisses John on the cheek, catching the Alpha off guard. He looks into the teen’s light blue eyes for the first time since he told Sherlock to turn around, they’re beautiful and bright, full of happiness. John can’t help but smile, leaning in to kiss
“In his late thirties, I’d say. Not in the best condition.” Iris is now looking down listening intently at what John has to say.
Sherlock begins to lower his hand, still shocked but starting to reboot his brain. If John is sending him an S.O.S then he’s not the bomber, right?
“I could do this for the rest of my life.” John says, pushing his knot into Sherlock and grinding before pulling out again with a little pop. He pushes Sherlock’s butt cheeks together to tighten the pressure and he groans as he slides his knot back in.
“Then you could cherish the look of surprise on my face.” He opens his mouth and eyes wide, an over exaggeration before grinning.  “Cause I’d be surprised, Sherlock; really I would.” He scrunches his face up. “And just a teensy bit disappointed. And of course you wouldn’t be able to cherish it for very long.” Sherlock stares unblinking, considering if he should be done with it all. “Ciao, Sherlock Holmes.” Moriarty says before turning around and leaving through the door John came through.
the explosion in the morning.” Sherlock stares into John’s eyes, making sure he understands. “It was too late by then. I’m sorry. Truly.”
John reaches down, taking himself in hand, he uses his thumb to spread his own precum around the tip then leisurely rubs his swollen head around Sherlock’s entrance, coating himself in slick and feeling the warmth of the Omega’s body. He can feel the movement of his rim as is pulses against the sensitive tip. He braces before slowly moving forward, holding his breath as he breaches his hole. He growls out a pleased noise against Sherlock’s scent gland as he gets his first taste of his tight hole, wrapping itself around him as he sinks just the tip in. Below him he can feel the detective tense up, so he stops, kissing Sherlock’s neck and rubbing his hand soothingly up his side.
“In the planetarium! You heard it too. Oh, that is brilliant! That is gorgeous!” Sherlock goes away from the painting, shoving the pink phone to John who fumbles with it for a moment. Meanwhile the detective pulls out his own phone and begins typing.
“No, no. You did good, sooo good. My good Alpha. You treats us both so well, more than I deserve. You couldn’t leave him like that, he would have tried to follow, would have cried and felt rejected if you left.” Sherlock gives John’s nose a small kiss.
it that you want?” The soft whine John gets in return goes to his groin, he’s already more than half hard from Sherlock’s earlier grinding. If the whine itself wasn’t sinful enough, he can smell a burst of arousal as the Omega’s heat begins to fully blossom, his body beginning to burn up, finally ready to accept an Alpha.
. He puts his feet back on the floor, for a moment while he stripes efficiently, pulling off trousers, pants, and socks in one go, wasting little time, wanting his hands back on heated flesh as soon as possible.
The Omega’s go into deduction mode, Sherlock with his gloves searches the body, squatting down with his magnifier as Iris follows along. When he’s finished he gives a head tilt to John, telling him to do his own analysis and John looks to Lestrade for permission. While in the past it might be seen as bad to ask another Alpha for permission, the two of them have a good understanding of each other, gone are the days of them squaring off against each other. Lestrade just sweeps his hand out with a little bow, wordlessly giving him the go-ahead.
John laughs humorlessly, getting up suddenly in frustration. “You’ll be very happy together.” He says before heading off toward the kitchen, taking his half empty cup with him.
Sherlock feels like his body is pure fire, the warmth in his belly becoming unbearable as he falls further into heat. John is taking it slow and it’s intense because each little thing the Alpha does sends luxurious pleasure shooting through him like he’s never felt before. At the first touch to his hole he moans out, his arms which had been limp by his sides twist to grab onto the sheets as his hips move, though he doesn’t know which way they’re going, both trying to get away and get closer to the unfamiliar sensation all at once. The pleasure of just that little motion, no more than a brush of skin on skin, has his eyes slamming shut and his pulse racing.  He feels John come back with two fingers which dip into him easily, his body readily opening up for the Alpha, his mouth betraying him as he moans wantonly into the open air, gasping on air heavy with Alpha musk, which lights up the instincts he had always kept well hidden. Any thoughts of John not fitting inside him are gone, washed away by skilled hands.
“Is that a British Army Browning L9A1 in your pocket ...” The man says, head down as he walks along the side of the pool. “Or are you just pleased to see me?”  The euphemism doesn’t go unnoticed by Sherlock but he doesn’t let the disgust show on his face.
“Novel.” Sherlock sighs out breathily, his eyes staring at John still but no longer seeing him. Clearly seeing something in his mind instead of what’s sitting in front of him. John studies his face for a moment but looks away mildly disgusted, turning his attention back to the muted television.
“Ah!” The surprised but pleasurable noise comes out unexpectedly from Sherlock’s mouth, he didn’t even know he could make a sound like that. But John doesn’t stop, amazing him further by moving closer to his scent gland, each time repeating the same motion, licking over the spot gently before just lightly biting. He doesn’t lick it for the same amount each time, so each little nip comes as a surprise causing Sherlock’s cock to throb while at the same time he can feel his body opening up, preparing itself to take the Alpha. He’s never felt it like this before, the deeply buried hunger inside of him never happening outside of heat and before always a curse. But now, John is bringing it out with every move he makes and it’s glorious.
The Omega licks his lips nervously and John follows the movement with his eyes, wishing he could lick that cupid’s bow himself. “I…I don’t feel…safe around them.” His scent is becoming slightly tinged with fear, the sour taste of it is pungent on John’s tongue. His own pine scent is still lingering and to mask Sherlock’s scent he puts out more of it, enough that it shouldn’t draw attention, but it should help the Omega go undetected for longer.
“Well, that’s the thing. He was fine and got better but when he was tested, — well he wasn’t — wasn’t pregnant.” The doctor says it and John’s ears start ringing, all his medical knowledge swirling in his head, his brain coming up empty with a possible explanation.
“Something new. Come Iris.” The teen finally breaks out from the spell the Alpha’s voice had and composes himself again. Rushing over to Sherlock as he once again starts walking.
“YES!” The Omega exclaims as his heels dig into John’s lower back, his body going wild as John steadies his rhythm, shoving himself in the same way each time to keep Sherlock on edge for as long as possible. He can feel nails digging into his back as well and continues to watch the Omega’s pretty face, his mouth open as hot breaths are being punched out him. John can’t help the smirk that’s plastered to his face as he witnesses the raw pleasure he can give to Sherlock, though his breathing his labored and he might need to give the overwhelmed Omega a break.
“Kill you?” Moriarty makes a face, grimacing. “N-No, don’t be obvious. I mean, I’m gonna kill you anyway someday. I don’t wanna rush it, though. I’m saving it up for something special. No-no-no-no-no. If you don’t stop prying…” He pauses, clearly being dramatic which he seems to enjoy being. “I’ll
“You’re just a little excited is all.” Iris says and Sherlock realizes that even with all the talking, his own erection hasn’t gone down and it’s poking into Iris’s hip bone. But his pup’s cock also hasn’t wavered even with the orgasm. It’s pressed against his hip, pink tip looking pretty against pale skin.
they?” John smooths his hand up Sherlocks side, then back down to curve over a round ass cheek. John pulls away, letting his cock fully leave the Omega’s hole and its pure torture, his cock bobbing and his balls twitching with the need to breed the teenager. Likewise, the Prince leaks slick, John watches as his hungry hole tries to clench down, his body not understanding why the cock it just had is gone. But John is a patient man, he needs an answer from his boy.
Sherlock grabs a pair of gloves from one of the medical examiners as they walk down to the crime scene. A man’s body can be seen from where they are and Lestrade is already standing there, his gray hair being ruffled by the breeze.
“Gotcha!” Jim says, his sing song voice back for a moment. John lets him go, backing up several feet with his hands in the air. He’s not willing to risk Sherlock’s life but was willing to give up his own. If they weren’t in a dangerous situation the detective might just wrap him in a hug and scent him until he can’t tell who smells of who more.
. Is somebody there?” The knot in John’s chest relaxes and everyone lets out a sigh, except the curator woman. “Somebody help me!” The kids pleads. He sounds so little and John’s heart breaks to hear a pup in such distress.
John manages an hour of sleep before he’s woken up by his phone. Mycroft is messaging him now about the missing thumb drive. The Alpha manages to get up and have a good stretch before opening the glass doors.
“Opposites attract, I suppose.” The statement seems odd considering she knows next to nothing about him. In fact he almost ends up laughing since the first time she warned him off saying Sherlock would be the one to drop bodies, it was actually himself who killed someone, bit ironic really. Of course she didn’t know that and never would.
Sherlock must see his discomfort because he gives it over easier than John expected. He wraps it around his face and takes several large breaths, letting the sweet meadow grass scent take over. He can still slightly smell the foul odors but it’s better. “What’s the Golem doing sleeping rough?” He asks, trying to get a little more information out of the detective.
Jim bites his lip, disappointed. “Oh. Did I really make such a fleeting impression? But then, I suppose, that
“Remember the shoelaces?” Sherlock says getting up and hurriedly going round the table to where all the pieces of the disassembled shoes have been hung up. Iris has finally moved, coming back online and immediately shoving the entire sandwich in his mouth before turning around to watch his dad explain everything about the poison and the cream. John watches and does his best to follow along, asking appropriate questions and even correctly answering Sherlock’s lead in questions.
“Believe me, being overwhelmed was mutual. You’re scent was driving me feral and watching an Omega make a nest is really weirdly sexy to my Alpha.” John gives a small chuckle.
John is laying on the couch with a very happy, naked, and purring Iris in his arms. It’s been three days since their night together and the two Omega’s have been happier than he’s ever seen them. Together, Sherlock and John explained to Iris that while Sherlock is highly unlikely to be pregnant since it was a heat run bond, not a true heat, that the teen was most certainly pregnant. Iris had nodded his head and looked a little melancholy, but hadn’t told them anything yet and they didn’t pressure him, instead letting him process the whole thing on his own terms. Both John and Sherlock had caught him holding his belly and looking puzzled, but they knew whatever decision he was going to make, they would help him.
He lightly deposits Sherlock onto the ground, the Omega climbing carefully onto his hands and knees, exposing his now gaping cum soaked hole. It makes John growl appreciatively, knowing he was the one to ruin the virgin, that the reason he’s so open and exposed now is because the Alpha had knotted and filled his pretty pink hole. Sherlock turns around to face his mate, kneeling on the ground, not looking like the Prince he is. That is until he picks up his silver crown from the floor, putting it on top of his brown curls which are wild and untamed. It gleams and shines looking like an angel’s halo, reminding John of the teen’s royal status.
John bends over and places a kiss on Sherlock’s stomach, then another and another, working his way slowly up and over his ribs. He can see goosebumps rise on the Omega’s flesh and when he gets up to that long pale neck, kissing it delicately he hears Sherlock’s breath hitch. The Alpha rumbles a bit, pleased that he’s affecting the detective, that changing the pace from fast to slow is throwing the normally calculated man off his game. John runs his tongue over a spot, gently sucking the skin before he nips it, causing the Omega’s hands to grip onto the Alpha’s sturdy biceps in shock.
John groans. “He’s going to smell like me.” He says as he puts his forehead on Sherlock’s check, avoiding eye contact, but Sherlock can feel as John’s cock pulses inside of him, the Alpha coming a small bit at the thought of the pup covered in his scent. After a moment John apologizes. “I’m sorry that I like him the way I do. I just want you to know that I was never trying to hurt you, I’ve been trying to get your attention but he kept getting mine.”
question that has been on his mind this whole time. Motive. “If this woman’s death was suspicious, why point it out?” Lestrade walks over to where Sherlock has stopped, coming up behind him.
“Hmmm. So I’ve been told.” He leans down and kisses John, using the hands he has on the Alpha’s head to tilt his face up. John eagerly returns the kiss, sealing his lips against the Omega’s, never wanting to be separated from them again. Tongues meet for the first time, twisting together as they taste each other, nails scrape across John’s neck but he barely notices as his own hands move down to grab at the detective’s ass. He can feel his control slipping as he unconsciously ruts himself against Sherlock who grinds back enthusiastically, the two becoming fully aroused in their trousers. They can feel the hardness of the others cock even through their clothes, John’s large and thick against Sherlock’s smaller one. It makes them both moan when the Alpha thrusts just right to slide them both together, the delicious friction furthering their desire.
They don’t bother getting a cab, the detective seems to know where they’re going and it’s not too many blocks away in an adjacent neighborhood. They break into a flat which Sherlock finally tells him belongs to the brother of Westie’s fiancée, the Beta he met with the bike. The blood on the windowsill confirms that something bad happened here.
John ends up being the braver of the two as Sherlock stands poised for the other shoe to drop again. “What happened there?” The Alpha stands up still using the metal behind him to keep him up.
“Wait-wait-wait-wait-wait. What painting? What are you…what are you on about?” John for once is happy that someone else is asking the question he so often wants to ask.
By the time he is willing to follow the detective, they are typing the answer to the case into Sherlock’s website. The answer isn’t even on the site for a second before the phone is already ringing. To John that seems suspicious, as if the bomber knew before he even typed the answer that Sherlock had it.
“How’s he feel?” Sherlock asks and John’s brain tries to form some sort of answer, but his mouth just hangs open panting as he keeps thrusting into Iris.
“Yes! All yours...allll yours Ah-Alpha.” Sherlock’s hands are grabbed up and thrust forward above his head, causing him to arch his back, pushing his ass just a little more into the Alpha’s erection.
“Both.” Sherlock says, raising the pistol and pointing it straight at the guy, who stops and faces Sherlock head on.
“You’re right. You’re always right.” He nuzzles into Sherlock neck, breathing in the calming scent of meadow grass. Moriarty had used him against them but that didn’t make him a bad Alpha, losing to instinct wasn’t something that could be controlled and feeling bad about himself wasn’t what he should be doing. He’s been acting stupid, he was manipulated into a bad situation and that isn’t his fault.
“I’m sorry, I should have never asked you to do that. I don’t think like you do, I didn’t consider that it would hurt you, that you tied sharing someone’s body with an emotional connection, I was in denial of my own feelings in that regard. But Iris said when you came home, you looked like you had been emotionally drown in the Thames.” Sherlock takes John’s face in his hands.
“What did I say if you were good? Hmm… use your words my baby Prince.” He taunts the younger, wanting to hear the virgin boy say his deepest wishes. Hoping to give him anything he wants, ready to take him just the way that will make the Omega howl his name for everyone in the castle to hear.
John doesn’t take his eyes off Donovan and stands there a moment longer waiting for a response. Unexpectedly, he gets one in the form of a short nod.
“Yes, get this chair all dirty so he’ll never want to sit in it.” John takes his fingers which were gathering slick and brings them up to finally touch his Omega’s pretty little pink cock. It’s fully erect, flesh firm and heated. He runs his fingers along the underside, spreading slick up and over the head and down the other side. Sherlock goes wild, his head thrown back and his body tight. While John may have taken his virgin hole, he hadn’t yet touched him here and it was such a shame, his cock fits perfectly in the Alpha’s grasp.
Sherlock looks down at John, sees the Alpha’s eyes dart back and forth as he works his way through the information.
“You think it was the cat. It wasn’t the cat.” Sherlock can’t help but smile. He knows John’s wrong but many people wouldn’t have had a theory like that, so the Alpha is clearly learning. Thinking outside the box, slowly becoming more than just an average mindless drone.
“Jim Moriarty.” He says in a silky voice. “HI!” Moriarty then says in a strange high pitched voice, one might use when excited, but it feels too flat. It sends a chill through Sherlock’s spine. “
Sherlock comes back from his mind with a confirmation to John’s implied question, but the Alpha isn’t there. It’s completely black outside and the flat is quiet. The detective grabs his laptop from beside him. He lost a bit of time, John getting him caught up in analyzing his brother, which he didn’t really need but it’s annoying nonetheless. On his website he decides to meet the bomber, telling him to meet at the pool where this whole thing began. He had theorized that the final test was the Andrew West case and he had solved it, making a copy of the missile plans that he could bring along before he gave the original to his brother. Once he sends the message he grabs John’s weapon and is off to the pool.
John decides that making breakfast two days in a row is too much, so when no call comes in from the pink phone, he announces to the Omegas that he’s going to a diner for some breakfast. To his astonishment Sherlock says he’s coming with him and Iris asks to be included. The cab ride over feels a tad tense. Sherlock usually sits on the other side of the vehicle, they almost never end up touching. But with the three of them crammed in, he ends up with the detective and Iris both leaned up against him because for some unknown reason they’ve put him in the middle. He had tried to let Sherlock in as Iris bounded over to the other side, but as he looks between them, he can tell that both of them like to stare out at the world. They look so stupidly similar as they do it that if he didn’t know which one of them was on either side, he could get them confused.
John eventually pulls back with reluctance, ghosting his lips across Sherlock’s now reddened ones, the Omega panting heavily with arousal. “Your wish is my sworn duty, your grace.” And with that John gives in, he doesn’t have real permission to mate the teen, but he doesn’t care anymore, slipping his hands to the boy’s chest, he begins undoing the small leather laces and clasps that make up the Omega’s royal attire, stripping him of his shirt before running his large war calloused hands down over the smooth unmarred youthful skin. He can feel the goosebumps rise across the flesh as he lightly runs fingers over collar bones and back down again to feel the flat but soft skin of the teenager’s stomach. He can’t help a possessive rumble from rolling out of his throat as he imagines that same belly swollen with his child, proof of their coupling and John’s virility.
“Yeah, someone might get the wrong idea about us.” Sherlock giggles and John laughs along with him before pulling back to look at the Omega’s face.
“You sure you don’t want to cut your losses now. I can’t protect you from Moriarty, he’s too smart and I’m just an old Alpha with PTSD, an illegally obtained weapon that I like to obsessively clean sometimes, and an inappropriate crush on your pup.” John pulls back looking at the detective’s face.
to court you. I’ve been struggling to show you my worth this whole case because I just can’t see life without you now. You’re so different, you’re not a shy meek Omega, you’re strong and bold, you put people in their place, and you aren’t afraid to stand up and do what’s right.” John says firmly.
“Yeah. Bye Eyeball.” The Alpha says, with a small smile. The old nickname from his youth makes the teen giggle as he walks out.
“Oh.” Iris groans when John withdraws to just the tip. He moves his hands off of Iris’s plush ass and instead wraps them around his tiny waist, his fingers almost able to touch each other with how thin the little Omega is.
“There’s something else that we haven’t thought of.” Lestrade says as Sherlock starts to leave passing behind him, Iris still taking one last look at the body.
With shoes finally kicked off somewhere, John lets out a deep growl and lifts up Sherlock by his tiny hips, hauling him up easily making the Omega wrap his legs around John’s sturdy hips. The smell of arousal in the air drives them both wild as John walks them to the detective’s room, Sherlock kissing his jawline and panting out little puffs of air in his ear as he’s carried. It makes the detective a tad embarrassed to be carried like this but he secretly loves it, being completely at the Alpha’s mercy. He would have never allowed someone to do this to him before but with John it just feels right.
The Alpha hugs Sherlock to him, kissing him. “I’m so sorry, I never smelled it, I couldn’t tell. If I’d have known I would have done this differently.” He apologizes.
The detective sits down, settling the pink phone beside him on the chair before rummaging around for the remote. The sitting room is still torn apart, boards over the windows but at least all the glass has been picked up by Iris. The kettle decides to finally start simmering as John hears the television click on and Sherlock scrolls through a few of the different news channels but he must not find anything because he picks one and stares instead at the wall. His one foot slowly moves up and down, showing his restlessness. He’s anxious for the bomber to give them their next task.
The Omega nods his head once, his whole body becoming stiff as he obeys the Alpha’s command. The last bit of the meeting goes off perfectly, the Alphas end their fight and die down as they come to a settlement on whose armies will do what if the King’s army is defeated. John finally speaks after what feels like hours, clearing his throat and agreeing to the Lord’s set terms.
The silence that follows is almost deafening. They had thought only a few minutes ago that they had escaped and then Moriarty had come back. Now he suddenly leaves once again and the two of them hesitate to believe that they’ve gotten away twice.
John asks Iris if he knows where his CLP for his weapon went, if they maybe used it in an experiment, but Iris says they haven’t. John bids Iris farewell, that he’ll be back once he gets the CLP for his weapon, that he’s going to walk to save some money.
“Love. You are still affected by the heat run and our mating, you’re not yourself yet. Just relax. We need to check on Iris now. I’m sure he’s been hurting and we need to be there for him.” John is trying to keep himself as calm as possible. His Alpha wants to rip Moriarty’s throat out with his own damn teeth. The master criminal clearly has well thought out plans and ways to get to them that he would never think of in a million years, but he can’t concentrate on that now. Iris is in heat and has been that way for a lot longer than necessary. They won’t have time to track down something synthetic to break the heat, not this late at night. John knows he’ll have to do what he’s been avoiding. He’ll have to take Iris’s virginity.
He doesn’t blamed the Alpha for not knowing that this would happen and he moves his hand to rub against John’s face, comforting him, letting him know everything’s fine and nothing needs forgiving. The Alpha smiles into the kiss and Sherlock smiles back and it’s sappy as they both try to keep kissing but can’t make their mouths move properly. They end up laughing, foreheads pressed together, time itself passing by as they have their moment of unbridled joy.
“That’s right my pup, let us take care of you.” Sherlock purrs, echoing John’s earlier words as he wraps his fingers around the small shaft and gives it a few light strokes. Iris’s hips jump and he whines again, the inexperience of the teen showing as he attempts to hump into the pleasure but only manages to squirm.
“That’s right my little Prince, you’re all mine now. Ready to take my cock, like the good tight hole I know you are.” John positions himself against the slick rim, applying a light pressure, just letting the thick tip slip in and out, teasing them both. “This little virgin hole of yours has been taunting me for years, you were so small before I wasn’t sure if you’d be able to take all of me.” The Omega moans needy against the table. John rubs the heel of his hand up Sherlock’s spine, petting the boy and getting some tension out. “Wasn’t sure you’d be able to take all my knot; I’ve had more than one Omega scream with how big it gets.”
Lestrade has reached them, his own leather scent heavy but surprisingly with a calming, not angry undertone to it. John expected Lestrade to get physical since he was clearly just controlling and getting aggressive with one of his officers. “Alright, what’s this about?”
“John.” Sherlock tries to start but his breathing is becoming pitched as he huffs out strained breathes, his body is wracked with a deep shiver, his whole being vibrating as it tries to clench around something, his body upset that it’s still empty in the presence of an Alpha. It causes the youth to moan out pained with the need to be filled. His body preparing itself to be breed, opening itself up and grasping for a knot that isn’t there. “John please. You…you said if I was g-good.” The Omega whines and wiggles his hips, trying to tempt the Alpha with his slender frame.
“So, Iris explained everything — everything that happened?” John feels nervous even though he knows he doesn’t need to be. Sherlock would have never let this all happen if he didn’t believe them.
“Oh.” Is all Sherlock can say, his face betraying that that wasn’t what he expected the answer to be, bewilderment the only way John could describe it.
John stands stunned for several moments, the kiss completely unexpected and confusing to the say the least. He finally closes the door when reality sets back in as a shiver runs up his spine. It’s bloody cold but now he has his comforter and it smells like Sherlock and Iris. It’s probably the best thing he’s ever been given and instead of laying it on top of the sheet he just immediately rolls himself into a burrito, wrapping the entire thing around him in one swift motion. The smell of it washes away all the pain and hurt of Jeremy and lets him focus back on the two Omegas he has a real connection with, the ones he wants to be with.
clean, and fresh.” He puts the magnifier in his pocket. “How long would the bacteria have been incubating inside her?”
“A-AH.” Sherlock pants out as he moves his hand down to grip his neglected cock. But John feels him do it and knocks his hand away, instead gripping the Omega’s length himself.
a message left for Alex on the landline.” John and Iris lock eyes, clearly both intrigued. “I can play it, if you’d like. I’ll get the phone.”
“Takes after his father.” He says causing the older Omega to laugh. He has a huge smile on his face when he looks away from John and down to Iris.
John stops teasing, putting his tip into Iris’s hole and gives a few test thrusts, only sliding in a few inches, trying to sense any discomfort in the little Omega’s movements. But as John sinks deeper into the virgin, he only feels his body conform around his cock, just like his dad’s had been doing. He waits after each inch in the red hot heat of Iris’s body, letting the teen slowly get used to being full of an Alpha’s cock.
“Evening.” John stays steadily. But as Sherlock looks on, John’s eyes rapidly blink, then slow down, then rapidly blink again. He recognizes it as an S.O.S message that soldiers are taught to use when on video as a hostage.
“Hey. Ah. Sorry.” He takes his hand off Sherlock’s stomach, scolding his Alpha for being so weirdly creepy about filling the Omega with pups.
They stop under a bridge where John watches Sherlock give a homeless woman money and a note that he had watched him make in the taxi. He’s confused as usual and doesn’t get an actual answer out of the detective. Back in the cab they give the driver the new direction to the gallery. When they pull up Sherlock starts to get out but halts John when he and Iris go to follow.
“What would you think of me becoming a forensic scientist?” Iris asks, walking up to the tall Alpha.
“Gotcha.” He says while rubbing up against Sherlock’s chest coving him in more pine scent before tilting his head up for a kiss, which he gets, the detective grabbing at his face and pulling him in forcefully. The two of them struggle together, both trying to kick off their shoes, almost falling over in the process as they refuse to pull away from each other for even a single gasp of air. At the same time John is fumbling with Sherlock’s frustrating belt, which he eventually undoes before pulling it the whole way through the loops, sending it clattering to the sitting room floor.
“Now, baby boy, what do we say when we’ve been bad?” The Alpha runs his hands up Sherlocks inner thigh, the marks from earlier still visible, as he gathers the slick on his hand, then licks it from his fingers, admiring the fragrance.
to find him again.” Sherlock yells, punching a fist around in the air which just makes him twirl dramatically.
“All right, all right, girls, calm down.” Iris snickers next to him amused by his way of breaking up the situation. John bumps his elbow into the teen’s side playfully and Iris has to cover his mouth not to laugh more. “Sherlock? D’you wanna take us through it?” He asks as the two grown men in front of him both blink a few times as they realize they were acting like pups.
“Ten.” A young boy's voice rings out through the empty room. Sherlock spins around going back to the painting. But the two Alpha’s freeze for a moment.
“So why’s he doing this, then – playing this game with you? D’you think he wants to be caught?” He mimics Lestrade’s words from when they were in his office.
away.” At the mention of his name, John perks up, coming out of the little lewd session his was having with himself.
Sherlock mouths back ‘No, it’s fine.’ but internally he’s trying to find a perfect moment of potential escape.
hole, I want to see if it’s worthy of my cock.” The Prince hesitates to try to think before shyly taking his hands off the table and cupping both of his soft perfect round ass cheeks and lightly spreading them. He can hear John rumble a small pleased noise and it spurs the Omega inside him, wanting to please the Alpha, he bends a little more over the table, and gets onto his tiptoes to present himself higher. He can feel slick sliding down his thighs and dripping off his balls, his cock hanging between his legs, dribbling precum down onto the floor. It must be an erotic scene because the Alpha groans and the next second there is a strong body pressed up against him, pushing his prominent hip bones into the wood of the table.
.” The Alpha snarls against his back and pushes in grinding his slowly inflating knot against Sherlock’s abused rim before picking his pace back up. “Your ass is mine.”
By the time he reached sixteen he was more than ready to be sitting here in the war room with real Alphas, men who he would have to fend off and command presence over when his brother King left for war. Sherlock was already proving to be just that; he could take in all the information thrown at him and formulate a plan of attack or a crippling political move. Even the King himself had been impressed and was using one of Sherlock’s proposed plans in his own attack now on the barbarian invaders.
pounds.” Iris moves closer to John as they both watch the back and forth between the Alpha and Omega as they talk about the painting and an assassin named The Golem. It isn’t until Sherlock and Lestrade are getting a little off topic with insults that John steps in.
Iris feels as if his spine is on fire, he’s swimming in and out of consciousness, the heat no longer painful, satisfaction the only thing he can feel anymore. John’s cock splits him open and it’s better than he had imagined, the raw power behind each thrust adding more coal to the already burning fire of desire in his belly. The belly that’s going to get filled with the Alpha’s cum and that thought sends him even deeper into arousal, his sounds and motions no longer under his control. His Omega fully taking over, telling him to keep taking it, remind him how greedily he had wanted, and now he was getting.
As John continues rubbing over Sherlock’s body, he moves his way down and finds the bump of his cum, which he can feel through the Omega’s stomach. He rubs over it repeatedly, humming out pleased noises as he releases more scent into the air, which smells different even to himself now that he’s mated. It’s a completely territorial response, laying claim over his mate so that no one would dare question that
. The wet heat swallowing him again and again as he finally takes the virgin, not stopping this time, no longer teasing his pretty little Prince. Ready to make the teen his forever.
. When Sherlock gets a little aggressive, nipping at John’s ear the Alpha easily swings the lithe detective around, pinning him to a wall.
“Well, usually, he must stay above it all. He organizes these things but no-one ever has direct contact.” Sherlock finally shifts his eyes to John as he explains.
“Yep.” Sherlock says, popping the P sound. “He was over the moon. Threatened me with a knighthood…again.” Sherlock shivers a bit as a breeze comes through the window.
The door opens just a bit and Moriarty’s voice can be heard, sing song once again: “No you won’t!” before it closes a final time.
Above him he hears John growling, the Alpha still grinding into Sherlock as he feels the teen’s climax, his tight hole clamping down on his full length, clenching rhythmically. He doesn’t give in yet, shallowly trusting until he feels it, feels the tip of his cock hit against the entrance to the Omega’s womb, his body fitting perfectly inside. No one has ever touched this part of the Omega and no one else ever will. John groans finally lets himself go, keeping his cock shoved right to the limit and coming as deep into his Omega as he can go, flooding his womb with seed, the needy thing taking each new spirt like his body was meant to. More than enough cum to guarantee that the teen will give him pups from their mating.
“SAY THAT AGAIN!” Moriarty yells into the phone. “Say that again, and know that if you’re lying to me, I will find you and I will
John is snapped out of his thoughts when a pained cry comes from the bed, which stabs him right in the heart. He closes the door, clicks the lock in place and walks to the bed. What he finds makes his chest ache even worse. His comforter and sheets have been rearranged into a makeshift nest with Iris in the middle. The poor teen is drenched in sweat, his dark curls matted to his forehead, and he’s breathing as if he’s been running a marathon. Sherlock is smoothing his hair down and talking to him in hushed tones, but the little Omega just whines as his body is racked with pain, as it tries to clench down, searching for the relief of an Alpha. He looks so small on the queen sized bed, legs tucked up as he lays on his side in the fetal position.
The Alpha seems surprised, yet pleased to see them with a small smile, or at least as pleased as John’s ever seen him, which considering the Alpha’s generally neutral expression, isn’t saying much. Lestrade goes on about the case, as John sits drinking it in and Sherlock paces about the office.
John does his best to hold his weight and not to slump down in exhaustion. He could accidentally jostle the knot. When he looks up he’s happy to see that Sherlock’s face isn’t in pain anymore but his eyes are clear, the discomfort having knocked some of the heat out of him. He stares up at John in confusion, his eyes darting back and forth like he knows that what happened isn’t what was supposed to happen.
In his head John starts analyzing how the detective has been treating him these past few days. He hadn’t kicked him out of the flat, hadn’t yelled past that first night and was acting no different than his usual strange self since the moment John walked back through that door. If anything, Sherlock had said many things along the lines of forgiving the Alpha, but he hadn’t taken them that way in the moment.
The detective bites his bottom lip when he sees how John is looking at him, eyes becoming dark and hooded, a promise of pleasure written all over his face. He’s never felt more sure about something than he is at this very moment, that this decision with be one of the biggest he makes in his life.
The audio plays loudly again then cuts as the Golem hauls Sherlock to the side, throwing him down to the ground, while his leg kicks out at John’s weapon, forcing it from his hand. Before he attempts to retrieve it the assassin is on John instead, wrestling with him for control, giving him a kick to the stomach then pulling him with great strength to crash into what can only be Sherlock, who must have gotten up to rejoin the fight. They both go crashing to the floor, the detective bouncing back faster gets up, standing to his tallest but the Golem stands taller, towering over him.
The whole room smells like Lestrade and it’s pissing him off more than it should because it’s bringing back everything that happened at the Clinic. He thought he could try to get over it quickly, but it pops back into his head every time he smells the leather. He twists off the top of the bottle and has a long swig, the cool liquid adding to the ice in his heart.
“Yeah. I know you will. I love you dad.” Iris smiles and Sherlock can’t help but smile back. His pup has always been incredibly smart and calm in almost any situation, minus the few attempts on his life. He should have known Iris would be just as calm in this moment, even when he knows he won’t be mentally there for the experience.
As always, please let me know what you think by adding a comment and I will do my best to get back to everyone.
“No.” John says before giving a bitter filled chuckle, his scent once again wafting around the room, though this time it’s not so dangerous and more sour, turning from burning leaves to rotting wood. “No.” He says again, shaking his head with a strange unpleasant looking smile on his face.
With Sherlock and John both fed, Iris sleeping, and a dirty kitchen due to John’s insistence of making breakfast, they head down to Scotland Yard to speak with Lestrade.
“Ten.” Sherlock says, answering him as the kid says nine. “It’s a countdown. He’s giving me time.” The detective’s eyes shoot all around the painting, trying to take in every detail but nothing stands out.
“SORRY BOYS!” Moriarty’s voice rings out loud and clear in the pool. “I’m soooo changeable!” He sounds thrilled. Sherlock looks up, trying to judge how many snipers there are as more dots appear on them both. “It is a weakness with me but, to be fair to myself, it is my
Sherlock can feel Iris’s come against his stomach and is happy to know that John’s prep work made his pup’s first time pain free. As he listens to the two of them moaning through their orgasms he feels Iris’s stomach swell against his own. His cock which has been getting some friction and pressure between their bouncing bodies throbs.
“Yes, all standard I hope.” John tries to sound casual, but inside his chest, his heart is pounding against his ribs.
“He killed the old lady because she started to describe him.” He holds up his hand, his index finger extended. “Just once, he put himself in the firing line.” His hand stays hovering above the pink phone.
perfect.” John draws back a bit, taking his weight off the teen and letting the cool air get between their bodies. They’re both drenched in sweat and still panting heavily, John still has his shoes and pants wrapped around his ankles, his shirt half undone. Sherlock tries to move his arms and head, his body not really listening to him as he tries to remember how anything works. The Alpha watching him takes pity on the teen, knowing the table isn’t exactly the most comfortable thing to lay on, he takes his new mate into his arms, being careful not to jostle them and tug on the knot. He shuffles them back a few feet and together seats them in the King’s chair, Sherlock once again leaning his head back to lay on John’s shoulder, using him as his own personal chair.
“No, wait, wait. Wait a second.” The detective stops and turns back around. “What about the disinfectant, then, on the cat’s claws?” Clearly John isn’t believing him fully.
John picks up his pace, shallowing out as he pounds his knot right into Sherlock’s rim, allowing the slick there to coat him and coaxing more of it out of that tiny body. Making the teen gush his sweet fragrance making John moan low in his throat.
“Lucky for you that when Iris is an Uni and you’re off…wherever you are, Mrs Hudson and I watch far too much telly.” The Alpha gets up and finds the little remote control, turning on the television and flicking through the channels until he finds what he’s looking for. He’s sat and watched the show many times with the Old Omega, enjoying how much excitement she seems to get from it. He found that hanging around her gave him a chance to breathe sometimes, her muted scent not over powering his nose and she didn’t seem to have visitors, so it seemed mutually beneficial. It even seemed like she relaxed in his scent when he was around. She didn’t make it obvious but John could tell she found it soothing. He had made sure to put out more scent near her door and in the hallway, claiming the building itself as his territory and not just the flat. She was becoming a piece of his family too, he could see why Sherlock and Iris liked her.
Sherlock had turned off his phone and was ignoring the world, happy to have a full and round belly as he walked around in John’s stolen bed sheet. John himself hadn’t felt much of a need for clothes these past days, content to cuddle his two best boys. They had taken to cuddling in the nest or in John’s bed, but had yet to mate again. The Omegas were both sore and there would be plenty of time later. John felt as he laid content on the cough, that it was getting to be time that they rejoin the world. But it seemed as if the world wanted to join them first.
“Can…can I?” Sherlock is back to being shy, a virgin no longer but still so naïve and inexperienced. His eyes are bright and wanting, a blush high on his cheek bones as he asks the question.
“That’s what I thought too. You had already proven yourself multiple times and I just wanted to let you know because it seemed suspicious. The way the teen came in in such a terrible heat and to not get pregnant after that, it’s practically impossible.” Dr. Evans clears his throat.
John sinks his knot in and empties the last of his balls into his mate. His knot doesn’t even try to inflate beyond what it was and John is grateful because he gets to once again, pull his smaller knot in and out of his mate.
At some point Mrs. Hudson comes up with snacks again because as much as she claims she is not a caretaker for them, she also loves them dearly and worries about them. It also helps that the handsome Alpha Lestrade is in the flat as she always likes to see him. She’s standing right beside him, observing the evidence board and talking to him, something about colors when Sherlock interrupts with a video that Iris found.
“I can take it! I want it! Wanted you…so long. Begged you e-every…time.” The tip of John’s cock continues sliding tortuously slow, just dipping in and out of his rim and he wants more, needs more from the Alpha. “Needed you…needed your c-cock, imagined it was you filling me up.” The Omega tries to shove back with his arms, trying to get the Alpha deeper.
“John, you don’t have to…” Sherlock starts to protest before John is licking fulling into his hole, tongue dipping beyond his rim. The Omega’s toes curl and he buries his face into the pillow in front of him, muffling his own cries. John sucks and slurps his own cum out of Sherlock, cleaning him up before moving to his balls, where he removes the cum he had dripped there from his earlier enjoyment.
A small knock on his door startles him as he hadn’t even heard anyone come up the stairs. “John?” It’s Iris’s voice, small and questioning.
John doesn’t realize he’s weirdly smiling to himself and humming cheerily as he contemplates the best way to kill himself that would keep Sherlock preoccupied. He should take on another mob, but a Russian one this time instead of Chinese. If he beat them, then he did good for the world and if not Sherlock would take them down after, so a win win scenario right?
“Does he feel like I would have?” Sherlock questions and John looks down and back up, getting finally getting what his mate is asking. Iris is a virgin and Sherlock would have felt like this, had John been the one to take his virginity.
“You should get yourself a hobby – stamps, maybe. Model trains. Safer.” She says nodding as she keeps walking toward the car. John stays back, watching from the rear of the car, standing at parade rest. He watches as Sherlock tells them they need to get a sample of blood to the lab and he grins internally when he sees Lestrade make Donovan do it with just a bit of Alpha intimidation in his eyes.
“Catch — you — later.” Sherlock says, walking toward John in order to keep the pistol trained on the killer.
“We should ah… have that talk you know. The one you…the one you, um wanted to have. It would be…ah….good.” Sherlock’s brain had been running on the high of the chase and he had thought everything would turn out fine in the end. They had had their recent scare with the Chinese gang, they couldn’t possibly be in that much danger so quickly again, right? But they had been and this showed him just how much the Alpha cared for him and what he was willing to do for them. They need to patch this thing they had going back up and he has a bad but oh so good idea forming in his head.
“N-not that, you know what — what I mean.” Sherlock says breathlessly and squirms under him, wiggling his ass to tempt the Alpha into moving again.
John gives him a few more kisses, peppering his face with light little pecks. He soothes his hands up and down the Omega’s sides, letting him relax as he tries to process everything that just happened. It’s completely normal for Omegas to loose themselves to heat, it’s up to the Alpha to take care of them and while Sherlock is in this vulnerable state of post heat and bond, his senses are on full alert. But all seems quiet in the flat as they lay together, basking in the glow of their bonding.
. I want to maybe court him one day, but I didn’t want that before I took my chance with you. I —I’m sorry Sherlock. I didn’t mean to try and mate the Omega at the clinic. I was so overcome, he looked exactly like Iris, he smelled so similar and the virgin scent just over took me. This is why I wanted to talk to you before we mated, I didn’t want you to know how unworthy of a mate I was for almost falling into the trap. Moriarty was right. I should just be neutered like a dog. How could I ever be a good mate to either of you?” John shakes his head, tears suddenly falling from his eyes.
“Yeah. Yeah. I’m fine.” John says. His adrenaline was high and now that it’s coming down it’s like he’s slowed down to a crawl, barely giving an answer and unable to help as Sherlock grabs at the coat. “Sherlock.” The detective ignores him, breathing rapidly as he pulls on the jacket for the last time, ripping the bomb off of the Alpha and sliding it across the floor away from them. “Sherlock!”
Sherlock nods his head in agreement and takes a deep breath before turning around and walking back up the stairs. John follows slowly, making sure as he smells the scent heavier in the air that his Alpha isn’t reacting. When they step into the room, Sherlock makes his way quickly to the bed but John hesitates in the doorway. The room is full of virgin Omega scent, Iris’s new flowery smell heavy in the air. He takes a moment to breathe it in as Sherlock gets onto the bed and begins petting Iris’s head, making soft cooing noises at his pup. The smell is surprisingly delicate for how much it fills the room. It reminds him of spring. Whereas Sherlock’s meadow grass scent is the warmth in contrast to the cool of his own pine scent, Iris is the perfect balance between the two. The scent is like that of the little white flowers scattered in fields of long grass, the kind that when you try to smell them they have no scent, but when the warm breeze picks up your nose is delightfully filled with only their essence.
A few hours later Lestrade shows up at the flat, looking in on their progress, which hasn’t been as much as they would have liked. John has been gone all afternoon, presumably working on getting more data, though how exactly, the Omegas aren’t sure.
At the same time detective Donovan walks in. “Freak, it’s for you.” She says with a phone in her hand.
Sherlock’s stomach muscles jump and his cock throbs in the Alpha’s hand, he’s getting close but John wants him to come while knotted on his cock, not from his hand, so he stops and wraps his arm around the Omega’s hips. Before Sherlock can protest John pushes his body back down to the bed, pressing in deep before drawing back out and starting his rhythm back up. His knot begins to grow now with each push into the Omega’s body, his Alpha waiting no longer, his own body ready to make Sherlock his.
“Sherlock!” Lestrade yells, his Alpha voice letting loose, causing the lady to back away scared, but Sherlock just takes the phone from John without a care for the inspector.
don’t stop.” Sherlock begs and when all John does is keep licking him he whines again, digging his heals into John’s back, clearly talking about the pounding he was just getting and not the licking. “John. Please.” He begs again.
“Fill him up Alpha.” Sherlock says and it’s the most sinful thing John thinks he will ever hear come out of those lips.
It doesn’t take long for him to piece together the puzzle in his mind. The brother doesn’t seem very sad about his sister’s death and the annoying hairless cat walking around would be a genius way to inject the poison into the women unknowingly. The brother gets all her money and by the way he looked and talked about the Raoul, John suspects they may have both been in on it. In fact, when he sits way too close to the Alpha, John’s instinct tells him that he’s barking up the right tree. The right, ‘I’m definitely the killer’ tree.
John leans up, bending Sherlock’s back and forcing his head to the side, he scrapes his teeth over the teen’s neck and the Omega moans loudly, his body once again clenching around the Alpha’s cock locked inside him. “All mine.” He rumbles before biting into the Omega’s scent gland, breaking the skin and flooding his mouth with his mate’s pure scent. Sherlock screams below him, the pain from the bite strange and foreign to a royal born Omega, who only knows pleasure in life.
“Well, obviously I lost that round – although technically I did solve the case.” Sherlock says, his jaw clenched as he angrily tries to mute the television. He gets it eventually, letting his arm drop to the chair, clearly upset. John wants it to be because of the woman dying but Sherlock’s words make him seem more upset about the case going south. The Alpha looks over toward the detective as he just stares into the wall.
Sherlock rakes his fingertips along the table, trying to find something to hold onto, something to ground him as John switches to his other leg, sucking matching bruises into the sensitive skin. But the table is too flat and wide for him to latch onto anything. It makes him feel tiny and completely at the mercy of the Alpha as he feels hands come up to grip his ass and pry it open, the cool air making him shiver as it hits his exposed hole.
The Omega is thin, he already knew that from the moment he met Sherlock, but from where he hovers over him, he can see just the slightest showing of his bottom ribs, which John can’t help but rub his hands over as he leans down over him. He vows to himself that he will feed his mate enough to fill him out, make him healthier — happier.
John rushes over to get the cab, asking the driver to stay for a moment. Sherlock returns over to them, noticing that Iris is yawning. “Pup.” He draws the younger Omega into a hug. “Why don’t you call it a night. If you want you can text me everything you found with John.” Iris nods his head, returning the hug and shooting a quick smile at the Alpha before heading up the stairs.
A few minutes later and they’re on their way to the only Professor Cairns that has something to do with planets and stars, which is what Sherlock thinks connects the two people.
“Omega’s in heat get small moments of clarity and reprieve from the heat by having orgasms. I’m sure you know how to do that for him.” John gives a small smirk and a wink. Sherlock gives a sly smile, acknowledging that he does it fact know
“Took you two long enough.” Iris says, a small smile on his face, no shock to be found. Happy that his dad isn’t going to be alone anymore. That he has someone who’s strong by his side who will love him like he should be loved.
When they’ve both finished shuttering, they slump together, muscles relaxing from their previously tensed states. John unclenches his jaw and pulls his teeth out of Sherlock’s neck. He immediately starts licking at the wound, lapping at the mark to seal it up. The Omega sighs and keeps his head still to give John all the room he needs. He unconsciously starts purring at the sensation, his relaxation allowing for the noise he doesn’t think he’s ever made before. John grins as he continues licking at the wound, enjoying the vibrations in his chest coming from Sherlock, the purring mess below him an example to his Alpha side that he did his job perfectly.
me.” John pulls back on Sherlock’s soft brown locks hard, growling lowly he turns the boy’s face toward him, pressing those plush lips to his own. He nips at the succulent flesh of that perfect cupid’s bow biting into it like a fresh ripe fruit, bursting with flavor and begging to be devoured whole. The Prince’s mouth goes slack under John’s own insistent one, letting the Alpha in to explore the first of the teens two wet holes, giving him a taste of just how warm and inviting the other will be.
ate right after.” John says matter of fact. “Now eat your breakfast before it’s cold. Made it just for you and I will not have you leave this house until you’re done, even if I have to shove it down your throat myself.” Sherlock raises an eyebrow at that and John realizes how that could be taken. “You know what I mean.” He half smirks even as he tries to will his eyes to scold the detective. They haven’t discussed the misunderstanding since this new case and here they are…bantering?...flirting? John realizes that by making food he could once again be seen as courting and he hates that simply making food for someone else can be seen as an intimate act when he's just trying to care for them.
He starts to pump a slow rhythm, letting Sherlock get used to the feeling of being touched for the first time by another’s hand. “I’ve been such a bad Alpha, neglecting
It takes a good hour for Sherlock and Iris to calm down the Alpha, meanwhile John gets Iris a sheet from the nest and then disappears into his room since every time the other Alpha looks at him his eyes flash in anger and his scent spikes. By the time John is allowed to enter the room, Lestrade has flipped his attitude completely, the explanation given of what Moriarty did and how they had all resolved it, making him apologize to John for doubting his intentions.
Jim walks silently toward them, positioning himself to stand directly over the bomb. “Sorry. Wrong day to die.”
During all this, he adds a fourth finger, knowing that even once he thinks Sherlock is warmed up, he might not actually be ready. His own cock is thick and he’s going to have a hard time fitting in without a little pain even with the prep, at least in the beginning.
, never say that again. Don’t you see, Moriarty was manipulating you, that’s what he does. The Omega looking like Iris wasn’t a coincidence, he knew what he was doing. He wanted your Alpha to be put under the spell of the virgin scent and you
John tells him he doesn’t need to apologize and that he would have acted the same way if he was in the other Alpha’s shoes. It warms John’s heart to know that if anything happened to him, Lestrade would still be there to keep the pair safe. Lestrade keeps on them about how Moriarty is clearly dangerous and it takes another hour before the Alpha leaves with a new mission to get any and all information he can on Moriarty. Sherlock doesn’t think he’ll find anything and discourages him from even trying, knowing that if he looks too deep, Moriarty might just end him.
“Oh. Well, I think you’d do really great. I mean you sort of grew up around all of this and whatever you put your mind to you’ll do succeed at.” Lestrade smiles down at the young Omega.
While Iris had told him not to worry, his awake brain wasn’t really into that. As he made a large breakfast, hoping to tempt Sherlock into more food, he mulled over the possible ending of his relationship with the Omegas. He would obviously have to move out and find his own place. The money from the clinic would be enough to cover all the overdue bills but he’s
“D’you reckon this is connected, then? The bomber?” It’s the only thing lately that’s been on his mind.
“I could make them do anything you want; would you like me to make the other Alphas kneel to lick your slick from my knot?” He pulls out and grinds back in, roughing dragging his nails along Sherlock’s back, leaving trails of angry red across beautiful skin. Sherlock arches into the touch, moaning at the thought of John controlling the Alphas, making them do whatever
The Alpha lays back on the bed and stares at the ceiling. He can’t help the giddy smile that won’t leave his face. These last few months have been crazy, some of the best times he has had in his entire life. To be honest, he’s almost glad he got shot. If he didn’t he wouldn’t have found his home. As he goes to get up and put some pants on he hears quick footsteps on the floor above him.
“If we ever find out we can thank them later. Best be off, while we still can. I doubt we’ll get lucky a third time.” They look at each other before both bolting for the door. The adrenaline pumping once again as they run outside, Sherlock having grabbed his coat and shoved the pistol inside. It’s cold out but Sherlock keeps running, not willing to wait around for a cab so close to where Moriarty still might be. John keeps back a few paces but together they run as Sherlock looks for a spot to enact his own plan on the Alpha.
John watches from the corner of his eye, trying not to alert the Alphas and at the same time wondering what had gotten into the young Prince. Then he smells it, ever so faintly the Omega’s fresh meadow grass scent and it’s just barely tinged with the alluring fragrance of preheat. It’s too soon for Sherlock to be in a full-blown heat, the smell is just barely there so John figures he still has time to finish the meeting and haul the Prince back to his chambers and lock him up there for the duration. He’s been tasked before with guarding the young Omega in this very situation when the unfortunate timing had happened in a much more dangerous situation, outside of the castle. John had good control that day, even as the teen he carried in his arms begged him and dripped slick down on his armor he stayed true to his King and returned the Prince to his chambers. Sometimes he wished he had lost control that day, laid the Omega upon his bed and claimed him for himself.
Iris’s head almost collides with John’s as he spasms again, causing the Alpha to back up. His head clears, letting realize he was slightly losing himself in the scents filling the room. Iris’s scent is tempting, and he can smell that his mate is aroused too, the combined scents had him licking and nipping at the teen Omega’s neck out of instinct. It’s covered in little red patches where the blood has rushed to the surface of the skin. Not enough for bruising but enough for John’s Alpha to think it’s quiet pretty, the normally pale skin blotched. He smirks and runs his tongue over it, soothing it, pulling his fingers from the pup to give him a break, now that he’s had an orgasm to abate the heat for the moment. From behind Iris he discretely licks the thick slick from his fingers, savoring the pungent flavor and trying not to moan out loud as his cock throbs in torment. He finally puts a hand on himself, covering his length and giving it a squeeze, before lightly rubbing fingers over Iris’s rim again to collect more slick. He coats his cock and just holds it, his Alpha immensely satisfied with itself as he rubs the heavily scented liquid into his own skin, coating his glands and smearing it across the head to mix with his own dripping precum. The smell of the two combine into something heady and completely new.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about, I’m not stopping.” John says, his voice low and teasing before he sucks on the gland again.
“Is it him, then? Moriarty?” John remembers how Sherlock told him about the cabbie’s final word. The name behind the seemingly senseless killings. With the pink phone having returned, and the strange nature of the first two puzzles, the Alpha couldn’t help but connect it to the mysterious hidden man.
“Must be. Odd, though…” Sherlock holds up the pink phone. “He hasn’t been in touch.” Sherlock continues around the body and backs up taking an overall look. Meanwhile Iris has gone to stand next to Lestrade, who throws an arm over his shoulder in a side hug. John eyes the other Alpha, confused as to why he’s touching Iris. He realizes he’s never seen them together, doesn’t know anything about their relationship, other than Iris referring to him as Uncle.
“I didn’t want to.” John stares at him, hurt in his eyes. It had killed him inside to touch other Omegas the way he wanted to do with Sherlock. He had only gone so far, barely touched them beyond what was required and he still felt guilty even for that much.
John levels the two of them with a look that says he’s serious. “No – has it occurred to you that the bomber’s playing a game with you? The envelope; breaking into the other flat; the dead kid’s shoes – it’s all meant for
“Oh…” It takes a moment but the word poison finally sticks out in his mind. “Wait, are you saying he was murdered?” The flash of something resembling joy crosses over the detective’s face, as John finally understands what he’s trying to say.
“I said STAY!” John growls, yanking Sherlock’s hand out of his hair and slamming it down on the table, gripping it together with the other wrist. The Omega cries out, his body going completely still at the command of the Alpha, even as his hole clenches around the length still buried deep inside of him. In the dead silence that follows Sherlock can feel the way that thick cock throbs, aching to fill him with more than just its flesh.
Sherlock heads with Lestrade to the police station and John heads home to catch a bit of sleep and check on Iris. When he gets home Iris is all over him asking how it went. John hugs him tight, thinking of the teen once again sitting in front of the crossbow, in danger. When he pulls away the Alpha gives him a quick review, but tells Iris he needs to have a lie down before he gets on with Mycroft’s case. John removes his jacket when he gets to his room and realizes he still has Sherlock’s scarf. He doesn’t really bother removing the rest of his clothes, just sets a four hour alarm and falls immediately asleep, nose buried in the scarf.
“Lovely idea.” Sherlock says, still smiling. Wanting to pull John into a kiss, but he holds off knowing they haven’t talked yet.
“This is beautiful. I love this!” Sherlock must have found what he wanted because he looks to the ceiling then comes back toward the Alphas.
“Um. I’m not sure. I’m really hot. What’s going on?” Iris tries to sit up a bit but his stomach is in knots and he just ends up slumped back into the pillow. He swallows a couple times, his mouth feeling dry.
The Alpha’s heart is pounding just as hard as his feet are against the concrete below, his own powerful legs propelling him toward the flat. He catches the scent of slick in the air and howls out loud, his Alpha excited knowing that Sherlock is going into a false heat, the kind a mating run brings, so that they can bond outside of a normal heat. It gives him that little bit of extra strength to run faster, the flat coming into sight. As he practically leaps up the stoop, he finds the door is already open and slams it shut before running up the stairs two at a time. At the top he finds Sherlock tearing at his own coat, which he barely gets off before John is on him, grabbing him up in a possessive bruising hug. He can smell the meadow grass scent getting heavier as the detective’s body succumbs to the heat run.
John looks up and finds that Sherlock is staring at him with a grin on his face. The detective has always known the best ways to mess with him and he continues doing just that by turning his head to lick at Iris’s scent gland, causing the little Omega’s body to clench around John’s cock stuffed inside.
“We’re going to both fit you’re knot perfectly.” Sherlock says and it’s like he’s reading John’s mind. But it’s just the detective in Sherlock finding it’s way into the situation, saying out loud what is playing out on John’s face, the Omega reading him like an open book.
“The last Omega, Jeremy, he was taken to the hospital and observed for a few days, to see what happened with his condition and get him well before he would be able to terminate the pregnancy.” John can hear the doctor choosing his words carefully.
“Consulting criminal…brilliant.” Sherlock says softly. John stares at the floor barely breathing. He hates the way Moriarty is speaking to Sherlock, it sounds too calm, too much like he’s enjoying himself.
“Right. That — yeah, that makes sense.” John looks down and takes Sherlock’s hand in his own, not yet ready to have full contact again but wanting to feel connected anyway.
When the knot is finally gone he pulls out of Sherlock, and is terribly turned on when he sees that none of his cum leaks out, the Omega’s body having sealed itself up. His body holding onto the seed for as long as it can. He’ll own the Omega’s womb for days and he’s going to take advantage of that as soon as he can, already wanting to caress the bump again.
In the taxi as the sun goes down, Iris holds his hand again until they’re pulling up outside the flat. It seems to be perfect timing as John can see Sherlock come out the front door as they are pulling up. He pays and steps out of the cab, rushing up to Sherlock, getting so close he actually gets a tad nervous for a moment being so close he can smell the detective. “Alex Woodbridge didn’t know anything special about art.” He announces.
John isn’t sure what he’s talking about at first, but looks up to see some stars in the sky. “You don’t care about things like that. We literally had a row a fortnight ago about you not knowing that the Earth goes round the Sun.” The Alpha scoffs, remembering the argument.
“What can I do?” Sherlock asks as John sits up a bit and moves Iris’s legs, straightening one and hiking the other up onto Sherlock’s hip, letting the two Omegas keep cuddling, now front to front. Iris groans a bit but let’s himself be positioned without too much complaint. He shuffles a bit but his dad just gets closer and lets him curl into him, Iris hugging him close for safety.
blame you for that, it’s not something you can control. Please don’t chastise yourself. Both Iris and I have been under the influence of your scent for months as have you with ours in return. That’s just how our natures work.” Sherlock grabs a hold of John and pulls the Alpha against him. John lets himself be pulled downward into a tight hug. They breathe together for a while, both wanting to be close and finally John lets out a long breathe and relaxes into the embrace.
Moriarty fixes his suit with a ‘How rude, can you believe this guy?’ look on his face. “Westwood.” He says, theatrically swiping at the jacket before gesturing to it indignantly. “D’you know what happens if you don’t leave me alone, Sherlock, to
John eventually gets down on his knees and taking each of detective’s long legs into a hand, he puts one behind his back and kisses the inner thigh of the other. As far as he knows, it has been eighteen years since Sherlock’s done this, so he wants to be careful not to hurt him, even as his inner Alpha roars at him to get on with it, telling him that he needs to take the Omega
“Oh, yes. I already canceled your services after your last — encounter. I’m actually calling you about something — different.” The doctor’s voice goes quiet at the end.
Also, if anyone finds my Beta reader, let her know I said hi because she has disappeared and so everything for the last several months is not Beta read.
pretty cock.” The Prince whines and pants, garbled words as he loses himself in the pleasure of being touched while so full of his Alpha’s cock, sitting happily stuffed with John’s knot. His tip leaks precum, which John adds to the slick, sliding faster along the small shaft, engulfing it fully in his fist. With just a slight tightening he can make Sherlock moan and with just a slight loosening his can make the boy’s body beg for more, making him chase his hand, trying to trust up even as his body aches to grind back onto the Alpha’s cock.
John looks up at the detective. “Didn’t he?” The Alpha’s whole theory has fallen apart and Sherlock always knew that wasn’t it. Too many steps ahead, while John is lagging behind. So much for giving little courting gifts of interesting theories.
mating me first.” John smiles and it’s dazzling. “He thought he knew what was going to happen, we we’re going to return home as friends. But you surprised him. Hell you surprised me.” His smile goes wider turning into a grin.
“You took care of my pup. Kept him safe and comfortable.” Sherlock says between kisses on John’s lips and his cheeks.
John finishes making his tea and sits down in his chair, patting his union jack pillow before settling in. A few sips later and the news on the television goes to a live report about a ‘gas explosion’. The three of them watch on as the video of a building partially blown apart comes across the screen, images of rubble like what was outside their own flat only a few days ago shows that their bomber is serious.
“Wait, what’s John doing here?” Iris sounds panicked and John feels bad because upsetting the little Omega is the last thing he would want to do.
The Lord Alphas had begun to get aggressive as John looks back to the table, two men baring their teeth, both half on the table as they try to get into each other’s face. John stands, rumbling a deep growl in his chest to warn the Alphas that they’re overstepping their authority. They both look to him and back down, as John’s aggressive pheromones permeate the air, letting the older Lords know he means business. They know the sword by his side has cut down many men at the hands of the Chief Minister, as he had not gained that title by his intellect alone, but his steadfast swordsmanship and battle planning at the side of the King. His shoulder injury had been a large part of why he was now Chief Minister, as he could still cut a man down but prolonged battles were another matter, and the King found him perfectly suited to intimidate and keep his Lords in their proper places while he was gone.
Lestrade lets them leave quickly, it’s late and the police now have to deal with the fallout. The call of an explosion rings in quickly and it’s no secret that this is where the poor woman was.
The bomb now away from the two of them, the detective stares at John a moment as the Alpha gulps down fresh lungfuls of air. Once determining that John is out of danger, Sherlock grabs the pistol and goes to the door the mad man disappeared through, analyzing their new situation. When he gets back John is leaning against the metal of a changing room, still breathing hard.
“I—I don’t want to inflate your ego, but — ow.” Sherlock says breathless, a small moment of clarity slipping through the heat. That little worry of John not fitting coming back.
As his knot continues to inflate John can’t thrust as deep into the Prince. He can feel the teen clenching down, his body trying to stimulate the Alpha further, trying to draw him into knotting them together, locking them in that sweet embrace.
“I can’t see him. I’ll go round. I’ll go!” John says, headed down off the stage and toward where he thinks the assassin is. He can’t smell any scent in the area, so he relies on his eyes instead, but the flashing makes it difficult.
As always, please let me know what you think by adding a comment and I will do my best to get back to everyone. Thanks for reading! <3
Well, my story was never meant to be this large and detailed, I got carried away and the focus was supposed to be on John and Sherlock mating, with side Iris. Moriarty is plotting and scheming like he does, but I don't feel I can write that all out and do the whole thing justice. There is no way my Sherlock would pretend die and if I made him to it, I wouldn't know how to change the characters properly. Obviously, John wouldn't then meet Mary and all that Jazz, so I think ending it here before I'd have to change entire episodes is a good stopping point. I've seen other people try to do it and it just ends up a mess. If I practice and get better at making my own case fictions, then maybe I will revisit this in the future.
“Sure pup. Come on.” Sherlock says as he lays on his back, scooching over to the middle of the bed as Iris climbs on top, letting them be chest to chest. Sherlock takes both their cocks, positioning them so that the teen’s weight presses them together. They both sigh when their leaking tips slide against each other and Sherlock feels them throb in unison.
“Wait, it’s over already, am I not a virgin anymore?” Iris isn’t sure if he should be hopeful it’s over or disappointed that he doesn’t remember it. He tries to concentrate on his lower half, but he doesn’t feel any pain like his dad has described that a knotting should bring.
“Fuck yes.” John growls out, his knot swelling. He doesn’t let up for a moment, instead shifting his hips to find the right angle to make Iris cry in pleasure.
“If your sniper pulls that trigger, Mr Moriarty, then we both go up.” John snarls into his ear, Alpha aggression growing each moment, scent permeating the air. Sherlock looks around, trying to get all the information on the situation.
John takes it easier, putting his gun away. “Or not. I have an idea where he might be going.” He licks his lips, not sure if his idea will play out but it’s worth a shot.
“Yes, hello. I’m sorry but I’m not longer going to be participating in your clinic.” John figures he’ll get it out of the way, best to nip it in the bud early.
did.” The detective says, cocking the gun which sounds terribly loud and aggressive in the quiet space.
John strides across the room, taking the comforter in his arms. He can smell instantly that it hasn’t been washed, still saturated in Iris’s scent from when he slept in it. The Alpha is a little surprised by that.
Smoothing his hands up the back of Sherlock’s thighs he lifts them up, giving him better access to see his goal, a pretty pink and slick soaked hole. John licks his lips when he sees the rim clench in anticipation, the Omega’s body knowing what’s going to happen. He pulls one hand down and runs his thumb over a cheek, gathering the clear liquid before sucking it from his finger. The flavor fills his senses and with a low groan he feels himself leak a spurt of precum down onto the floor as his cock pulses in arousal. He continues to ignore his own needs, not even putting a hand on himself, he instead swipes his thumb over Sherlock’s hole, watching it flutter and leak more slick as the false heat intensifies, bringing more scent with it.
“Mmmm…not yet.” John says as he deems Sherlock’s rim to be stretched enough, pulling out his fingers before licking each one slowly, savoring the taste before climbing on the bed, positioning himself between his legs and leaning down to cage the Omega in. He caresses his face with reverent hands and brings their lips together, pouring his love into the action. Sherlock must feel it because he pushes into the kiss and wraps his arms around the Alpha’s back.
As always, please let me know what you think by adding a comment and I will do my best to get back to everyone.
Back at home, Iris and Sherlock go about putting all the information they know onto the wall behind the couch, reviewing it as they go along. A large map first, followed by pictures of the dead women, pieces of evidence from the other puzzles, anything they think might be relevant.
It doesn’t matter that they’re all alone, knotted together in a clear bond, his Alpha needs to protect that bump. His rational doctor brain would normally be smacking him on the head, telling him that no pup will come from this, but he’s not listening right now.
Donovan keeps her head down, not moving a muscle. She may be an officer of the law and thus supposed to be able to handle and calm hostile situations, but her biology renders her docile, even as she likely is protesting the treatment in her own head. John hates using his Alpha to influence people, he avoids it at all costs, but in this moment he doesn’t care, she deserves to be put in her place.
“I referred to her husband in the past tense. She joined in. Bit premature, they’ve only just found the car.” The detective wipes away the fake tears he was able to shed.
Adding a third finger into the pure heat of the detective’s body, John lowers himself eye to shaft with Sherlock’s erection. It’s smaller than his own but long like the Omega, pale and smooth with a pretty pink head. He wastes only a moment before he flattens his tongue against the base and licks a broad stripe right up the front. He quickly has to use his free hand to hold down Sherlock’s hips as they buck up, desperate to get more.
smell of disinfectant now. No, the cat doesn’t come into it.” Sherlock is trying to distract John now. Too afraid he’ll think the case seems too similar to the way John had put a rift between himself and Iris, even if only temporary. “Raoul’s internet records do, though. Hope we can get a cab from here.” He turns back around from John and rushes down the street, coat flapping behind him. He hears the Alpha following a moment later, though he doesn’t try to catch up to the Omega, instead only trailing after him.
Before John can even sit down, the pink phone is ringing and the detective scoops it up. He gets back and Sherlock gives him a worried look as he sits back down.
.” He bends down and licks over Sherlock’s bruised scent gland, earning him a groan. “I would be a bad Alpha if I mated you while you were in pain, we need to
John stands before him in a bulky green coat with a fur hood, his hands in the pockets. Sherlock doesn’t recognize it as one of the Alphas and just stands there stunned, his hand still outstretched with the thumb drive. There is no way John would have been able to organize this whole thing, his thoughts swirl and spiral out of control as dread seeps into his heart. ‘Had John really been a mastermind all along? Someone so smart that even he couldn’t detect it? Was the fact that John was an Alpha clouding his mind? The lines ‘You’ll be happy together’ and ‘We were made for each other’ playing over and over in his head. Had he let a dangerous man into his and Iris’s lives?’ John
this, the bomber?” Sherlock internally rolls his eyes because Lestrade was just repeating himself and he hadn’t given him an answer the first time either. But he doesn’t roll his eyes because it is
The detective stays still, he searches his mind for a crime that millions of people would want, but dismisses most as things the common person wouldn’t seek out.
“Raoul keeps a very clean house. You came through the kitchen door, saw the state of that floor, scrubbed to within an inch of its life.
“Do you want to talk about it?” The teen questions. John takes another sip of his beer and puts it on the little side table.
“What did he say?” John says, his mind spinning at the notion of a young pup being strapped to explosives. All he sees in his head is Iris strapped to the chair, tears streaming down his face. How this pup isn’t crying is a mystery.
The pink phone’s message tone interrupts their little row. “Excellent.” Sherlock says, his attention on their conversation completely broken, the next piece of the case consuming him once again in it clutches. He picks it up and looks at the newest photograph that the bomber has sent. “View of the Thames. South Bank, somewhere between Southwark Bridge and Waterloo.” He reaches for his own phone in his jacket pocket. “You check the papers; I’ll look online...” The detective looks up for a moment to see John with his hands placed back on his chair, his back hunched as he hangs his head, his breathing steadying as he calms himself down.
“Raoul de Santos is your killer. Kenny Prince’s houseboy. Second autopsy shows it wasn’t tetanus that poisoned Connie Prince – it was botulinum toxin.” Sherlock yells into the police station, as he walks in with John following right behind him. He holds up the folder and then gets close to Lestrade, laying it on the desk. “We’ve been here before. Carl Powers? Tut-tut. Our bomber’s repeated himself.” He then says as the Alpha reaches for the file.
.” He growls, not even paying attention to himself, knowing he can let his Alpha go with Sherlock where he had kept calm before, this time even willing his Alpha to bring itself out faster, to give to Sherlock what he was craving. He had seen in Sherlock’s face how much the Omega wanted to be taken in the same way his pup was and he was going to do exactly that.
The nails dig deeper into his back and John realizes that Sherlock is trying to pull him down, attempting to bring their chests back together. The Alpha let’s himself be guided. He slows his pace and then stops to lay down on him, his broad chest covering Sherlock’s slim figure, his cock nestled in tight heat. He can feel the Omega’s walls rippling once again as they milk his length and he’s sure Sherlock can feel as he throb with each pulse of his own heartbeat.
John followed his father down the hallway. He made sure that Wat made it safely into his room, then continued down the hall. He pushed open the door of his old room. It was immediately apparent that Harry had been telling the truth; she had not expected him.
“John!” Mik exclaimed when he could finally see clearly enough, “You’re back! Come in, my friend, come in!”
John smiled, relieved that they had found some common accord. “So, you’ll take me on? I should mention that I would like to keep my father near during the day, just to keep an eye out for his needs. Would that be alright?”
“Yes, and he’s taken me on to be his apprentice,” Mik said, voice pitched higher in excitement. John, who had known Mik for years and never known him to have an interest in the medical field, assumed Mik’s mother had her hand in this, also. “I’ve just started yesterday and I’m learning so many interesting things. Nothing in depth yet, off course. Vihaan says that book learning is most important first.”
Sherlock had maybe needed John a bit. A little bit. The littlest bit. So-miniscule-as-to-be-unseen-except-by-2000x-microscope littlest bit.
Mik walked even further toward the rear of the building and beckoned John to follow. When Mik opened the back door, the young woman was there. She began striding confidently into the clinic as soon as Mik opened the door. Now that John could see her fully, he saw that she had a quiver of arrows on her back and a bow secured by a strap. She pulled a sled of freshly killed animals into the clinic behind her.
Muhammad had been vocally disappointed about having a daughter instead of a son, Harry had been even more vocal in addressing this, and John’s father had been the mediator as the grown man stood up to argue with a preteen girl. Harry got into all sorts of scuffles, verbal and physical, and the only reason John remembered this particular one is because he had been allowed to eat as much of the sweets on the table as he had wanted.
“Well, you’re a plum!” At this, Harry’s expression mirrored John’s harassed one. The two stared at each other for a moment, still, before simultaneously bursting into laughter.
“Oh, great,” Mik said, visibly relaxing. He returned to smearing jam on toast while he waited for the coffee to percolate. “How long have you been back?”
That left Sherlock with another decision to make. Sherlock could stop chasing the man now and leave him to whatever nefarious purpose he intended, or Sherlock could pursue him and trust in his own capability with magic to deal with whatever spell the mage had just cast. It took him less than a second to decide and he did not pause when he raced around the corner after the man.
John reentered the house and decided to wait for Harry. He knew that undertaking all of the fishmonger duties herself was likely time-consuming and exhausting. When all three of them, or even when it had only been Wat and Harry, had carried out the duties as a team, they would have been home by now. John could not begrudge his sister taking a little longer; it was a lot of work.
The snake slithered out from underneath him. Sherlock’s palms came into contact with the soft soil of the pit and—
Wat’s grip tightened on John’s shoulder, but John barely felt it. John had a father—he was right here, right by John’s side—so how could he be called a bastard? It was strange that this affluent person had addressed them directly, as well. John had never seen this type of noble before, never seen a lord so obviously rich and high-standing, so he did not know how to act or react and was frozen in place like most of the other people in the marketplace. Did this man really know them? No, he could not, since he had called John a bastard even though he did have a father.
Harry tried to whirl around to the direction the sound had come from but overshot and had to steady herself with a hand on the mantle.
Mik shrugged and looked away. “My papa says. Mama disagrees. She says money is one thing, but power—” Mik gave John a sideways glance “—
“Fish! Harry look at all the fish! Papa! Papa!” John clenched both fists in excitement and jumped up and down while Wat slipped out of the loops of rope. The body of the net had formed into a roll, securing the fish on all sides. John though they were like the filling in a dumpling and giggled.
John had only twice seen a noble come to the marketplace. John did not know much of nobles or royalty except for the stories he had read in temple books or heard by gossip. Even with only that, he could tell that the ones who came to the marketplace on their own were the poorer sort. More usually, they sent their servants.
John’s felt as if his heart had ascended into his throat as he realized, again, that there was even something to explain. They stood in silence for a few moments and John watched his father continue to struggle for words.
“Well come on then,” Harry shot over her shoulder, drawing John’s gaze away from their father. “You have to learn so that we can be the best team of fishers to ever have fished! They’ll talk about us far and wide!”
“I don’t know.” John replied, considering Mik’s offer. “It might help with Harry’s temper, but I came home to help my father. I don’t know how I would do that if I didn’t come home to check on him at the end of the day.”
“My son,” Siger replied regally, and the corners of his lips rose in a smile that had been crafted specifically to appear genuine to his subjects. He took hold of Sherlock’s arm to draw him closer and said under his breath, “Your mother has been very busy, practically overrun of late. We are taking some of her burden, working a little harder to allow her to rest. We love her, and although our duties often keep us apart during our days, this is a way we can show her our love.”
John wrapped Harry in his arms and hugged her fiercely, though her own arms were slow to lift and return the embrace. There was a strange fermented smell on her clothes, but it had mixed too thoroughly with the smells of river and fish for John to discern exactly what it was. They separated, and John tried to make out Harry’s features.
“I think I was more surprised than she was when I proposed, I mean—I loved her, but I didn’t expect her to accept—anyway, we were soon married with her father’s blessing. He bought us a house nearby so that Emma could continue to live in the life which she was accustomed to, though she always complained that the garden was too small. And everything was fine. Harry was born, and we were all so happy…
Mycroft’s betrothed—Sherlock did not know her name—was pale and waiflike. Sherlock thought she looked weak. For all that he had not taken Mycroft seriously when he had bemoaned the grave dangers of court life, Sherlock could not fathom how someone as frail as she was would survive being empress. A maidservant had needed to alert her to Mycroft’s presence even though he was practically standing over her, and even when she did acknowledge him it was only with a sickly smile. His mother’s voice broke Sherlock from his perusal of his future sister-in-law.
Dinner dragged on, John felt, yet nothing notable happened to explain why it seemed to take years to finish the one meal. John had eaten his meal as quickly as he could stomach it, and it all tasted like ash because of the foreboding he felt, like an unseen ax might be hanging over his head, readying to incite an irrevocable change. Wat, conversely, took his time over his meal, so much so that he seemed to John to be drawing one bite out into five. John thought, at any moment, he might lose his mind and flip the table. His father would tan his hide and make him clean it up, which would take even more time until he could have his resolution and would drive him further into madness.
John wanted to tell his father to stop, to wait, that he could not hear any more of this. At the same time, though, John knew that this was a difficult undertaking for Wat and that, if he stopped this story now, Wat would possibly never be able to start it a second time. If that was the case, then John would never know, never know how this all connected to him. John would be doomed to wonder who he really was, forever.
“The thing is, John…” Mik began haltingly, “I’m concerned. The clinic is very busy right now and I could definitely use the help. But, you were working here before and you left so abruptly. I don’t know if I feel comfortable depending on you like that again.”
“This is my cousin, Sarah,” Mik said, waving Sarah and the sled by so that he could lock the door behind her. “Sarah, this is my old friend and new assistant, John, son of Wat.”
John supposed it did not matter to most nobles that peasants were dying almost every day in order to protect their freedoms, their luxuries, and their lives. Each of John’s rare experiences with nobility had taught him that they were first and foremost selfish creatures. They had all the privileges in the world; what would they care about some distant battle, even if it was to maintain those privileges?
John made his way around the food stalls efficiently. He knew what he was looking for, and how to haggle in order to get the most food for his money.
Time passed strangely in Sherlock’s disconnected state and from one second to the next, they had arrived at his suite of rooms. A significant number of guards detached from their—entirely conspicuous, Sherlock realized for the first time—escort and stayed posted outside of the room. Two guards, whose complementary actions indicated that they were partners, entered Sherlock’s rooms first to assess whether there was any additional danger lying in wait.
A strong grip on his arm stopped him from running away. Wat pulled at John and continued talking until John turned around to face him, “Of course, we would not agree to that. We would not give you up, ever. We sent the gold to the temple and we burned that letter. Yes, Tufaena knew about you, and his letter showed that he could find us wherever we went. But even after you were born a few months later—after your mother died in childbirth, after our family was weakened with the loss of her—he never came for you. And I would have fought to the death to keep you if he had.”
“To be fair, I would not want to take the apprentice position. I don’t want to bring up bad experiences, but I would rather resume the pseudo-assistant role that I had when I worked here last, if possible. I do expect Harry will forgive me at some point, and I’d like to go back into the family business.” John said.
Sherlock’s lips lifted at the corners, but he did not laugh. Hadsana was chuckling, as well. He was not sure if they also knew about what had happened during the Hearing of the Public Grievances, but he certainly was not going to give them more reason to laugh at him.
“I don’t have time for this!” Mik said, clearly irritated, though he began drying his wet hands on a nearby towel.
By the time the sun began to set, most of the fish were gone. Harry took to walking the street, hawking their wares at lower prices for all the straggling customers. John was about to try talking to his father again, to see if he should start going stand to stand, offering the other vendors steeply discounted fish, when he felt it.
They had just passed the section of the table where Sherlock would normally sit, along with his ever-present minder, his nanny. Sherlock spared a moment to hope that he would perhaps be allowed to sit with his mother today, the way he had used to when he was younger.
“How was the fishing today? Were you on the Beas river? I heard there was some flooding.” Chala asked his father, though she took a moment to look down and stroke the fuzzy wisps of hair over her baby’s forehead. The strands looked soft and thin, like black feathers, and curled prettily around Chala’s fingertips.
“I really am glad to have you on board, John,” Mik repeated, looking away from where he was washing himself. “You should wash up, too, and grab one of these for yourself.”
I love and miss you both. Take care and don’t overwork yourself. I’m sending my pay home to you. It’s won’t do me any good here. Use it to hire someone to take care of papa, if possible, or stay home and take care of him yourself.
Sherlock doesn't remember ending the call. He doesn't remember climbing, fully clothed, into his bed (their bed, now. His and John's--
“That boy,” Jaituna said ruefully. “My poor, over-serious son. Though, that isn’t necessarily wrong, and you’re getting into real trouble these days, it seems, not like swapping the cinnamon with red pepper.”
“While that sounds stimulating, we really need to get the fish to the market before customers start coming through. I’ll go on ahead, John. You’ve been working very hard, lately. Why don’t you stay and talk to your friend a little more, then head straight to Harry?” Wat interjected before Mik could get momentum going.
John saw Harry from the corner of his eye and watched her progress on unsteady legs to gather the tarp. The tarp appeared undamaged, though every other piece of their stall seemed to be rubble. John went to help Harry gather it up, since her hands trembled and she still appeared shaken.
