"Oh yeah? Get some paper lets get this shit down!" Dean stood up playfully and looked through his nightstand for paper. He rummaged through but could only find CD’s and packs of gum and discarded wrappers.
"Mine." Was all Castiel said before Dean swing and he ducked throwing himself to grab Dean by the stomach and plowed him into the mats. Dean landed with an 'oof' it knocked the wind right out of him.
It was a hard maneuver but Dean slowly lowered himself flat in the bed, Castiel stayed behind him still tied to the omega. His knees splayed out and he rested some of his weight on Dean's upper thighs.  It seemed like such an odd position but it was very comfortable, he could rub every inch of Dean's back.
"Over here." Dean could smell how worked up Castiel was and didn’t want to know what happened upstairs.
"I don't think you do, you have been promising Dean you would play with him for a week now. How many times have you said you would have him help with the impala. He will only believe you for so long, he needs a father present in his life."
"Oh god, not a family get together unless someone gets yelled at. What did they do?" Gabriel walked into the kitchen and Dean followed. He seemed to have been expecting this, or the fighting never really stops here.
The drive home was comfortably quiet and the sun was almost completely gone from the pastel sky. They parked in their normal spot and piled out, it was a short walk to the dorm and the night was quickly cooling off.
“No wonder you look so worried.” He said sagely, following Dean’s eyes over to Castiel. “What triggered it?” Dean didn’t want to tell Balth everything that happened so he maneuvered around it a bit.
“And who do we have here?” Gabriel asked walking towards Dean. He extended his hand towards Castiel’s brother feeling much more comfortable around him that upstairs where the smell of alpha could burn your eyes. “You must be Dean.” Gabriel wiggled his eyebrows and gave him a sly smile.
"Please Dean, I need you." It was such a broken plea and it made Dean's eyes prickle as he held back tears.
"What now we're going into my past?" He paused to question whether or not he should go on. "Yes, I'm from the Novak pack. Yes a majority of them are fucking assholes. No, I am not one of them. My twin Samandriel and I don’t share their views. I know what selfish alphas do to an omega." He added that last part with as much venom and bitterness as he could. Castiel paused again.
"No, no not like that! I mean was John doing it to help Dean or himself." Mary finally looked at Ellen who's big brown eyes were glazed over in barely restrained tears, the kind that blurred your vision and you could feel them about to burst. "I just don't know."
"No actually I, um, I have to pick some stuff up first, so yeah see you in class." At that Dean's walked away as fast as possible towards the science building that was directly across from where he needed to go.
Lunch was anything but average, with Jo's outrages commentary and sometimes lack of filter kept them both on their toes. Castiel seemed to take a liking to Jo and she seemed to return the feeling. When Jo Harvell doesn't like someone, she makes it known. Then again Castiel was his mate so she is giving him the benefit of the doubt and isn't letting their first meeting cloud her judgment.
"I just don't understand why you had to feel the need to lie about it." Dean took a deep breath in and was about to have some serious diarrhea of the mouth.
“We need to slow this bleeding or he will be dead before the medics even get here.” Automatically Dean pulled off his shirt and thrust it into the officer’s hands. Nodding he placed firm pressure onto Castiel’s abdomen. He heard his exhale a pained breath.
It was Crowley, stopping him through the parking lot, yet again the omega scrunched his nose at the smell of him.
Really I added so little to this chapter. This was Emilie's idea and I loved how it came together! Fluffy ass Dean and Cas...gosh they are so gross!
"Like the big ass alpha Novaks?" Dean asked, yeah he's heard of them all high and mighty managed to have every pup to present as an alpha. It's almost impossible to have those odds. If only his pack had that record.
"Come on, little alpha knot me!" Castiel looked up at Dean as he rode his cock, how smooth his muscles moved as he lifted himself with his strong legs. The look of his cock in Castiel's hand. Beads of precome dripping from the head. Freckles peppered his legs along with bruises from Castiel's mouth. All that ran through Castiel's mind was
Barely picking up speed Castiel's knot began to swell and Dean was nearing the edge. His broken moans still muffled in Castiel's lips and they both came with a shuddering cry.
"No, just me! You've got to be kidding me!" Dean smacked his forehead with his palm. Then he turned to Cas and smacked his arm. “How could you do this to me?”
“Nothing! I-I was trying to wake you up.” He said not looking Dean in the eye Dean rolled over rubbing his eyes. “I was wondering if-” Dean stretched and moaned loudly. Cas smirked “You tired or something, babe?”
“Shut up and scrub.” Dean leaned into Castiel’s chest and the alpha moved his hands down, rubbing over his tense muscles. Moving down he kneaded at Dean’s ass and lower back, eliciting moans from the omega. Castiel pushed Dean back under the spray to wash off the soap.
Castiel disappeared for a short five minutes and presented Dean with a nicely folded pile of clothes he was sure he wouldn't like. Rolling his eyes he grabbed them and went in to change.
"Ashley is at an environmental meeting." Rachel crossed her arms and raised a thin eyebrow. Dean smiled at that thinking back to Castiel covered in dirt.
“There is no reason to have space if it’s just going to be empty.” Dean sensed Castiel didn’t like this house and his words held more that he lead on.
He dug his nails into Castiel's knees as the alpha picked up speed. Dean was panting with every thrust of Castiel's hips and slam of Dean's ass back down. Castiel was gripping Dean's hip pulling him up and angling him in just the right spot to hit his prostate. Each time Dean cried louder and more slick leaked onto Cas, sliding down his sack it sank into Castiel's bed. Heavy breathing, desperate mones, and bodies grinding was all that filled the room.
"I love your button-ups, they are just so Castiel. But maybe we can find a few shirts that say Cas." Dean offered a crooked smile and raised eyebrows.
"Yes, so let's get started." Castiel was purring now, he let off a smell of pure arousal and excitement. Dean had a feeling Cas had wanted to try this for a very long time.
“Nah, I like the peach fuzz.” Dean said. He dropped his hand an awkwardly walking back over to his bed, turning his back to Castiel.
Dean could smell how stressed Castiel was and placed a calming hand on his upper thigh and started to rub soft circles with his thumb. Cas took a deep breath and shut his eyes.
Yeah Dean is a rather large omega, he passes for a beta with ease. If he rubbed himself down with musk he could even be an alpha. That has always been the key to convincing people. He already smells a little different so he relies on his looks to keep his true gender presentation a secret. The only fault in his disguise is his arousal. Suppressants prevent his heat but he can’t help wet dreams.
Dean dropped his towel into the hamper and dressed  in a band t-shirt and jeans.  He flopped onto his bed, he hasn't felt this good in days. His body is thriving with life and energy is ignited in his bones. He decides it's the perfect time to put his energy into his English composition.
On his way to the ground, his gun goes off, the bullet piercing through Dean’s thigh. A sharp pain radiates from the wound, spreading to the rest of his leg. He lets out a grunt of pain as he quickly scrambles to grab the fallen gun. If he’s quick enough, he can still end things here.
“While I do manage the Brotherhood across the entire city, it is hard to keep a close eye on everyone,” his master pushes his chair back and stands up, ambling over to the far wall of the office, “We’ve gotten some new recruits in, and I’ll be sure to inform them of the consequences of going against the Bratva. But I can assure you that I have not directed my men to interfere with your operations in any way, Pakhan Krushnik.” There’s a clinking of glasses and Dean guesses that Alastair’s pouring himself a drink.
Dean knew better than to say anything back. He silently zipped the duffle bag back up and set it on the backseat, willing his scent under control lest his father make another remark. Or worse.
Dean's shoulders and knees ache. They've ached for awhile now. He's been chained up kneeling for over 12 hours. It burns every time he takes a breath, at least a few of his ribs are broken. He can't see, but he knows his skin is littered with bruises, dark blue patches and sickly looking yellow ones.
“Yes, sir.” Dean scrambled to comply, pushing back his panic and tears to grab his bag and unlock the door. He shoved himself inside, just barely remembering to prop the door open for John before he was rushing into the bathroom.
He sprinted out of the bathroom door, and a quick scan of the motel room showed no one in sight. Dean ran the last few steps to the door, preparing himself to take off into town and hide out his attackers.
John nodded, accepting Dean’s answer, and backed out of the salvage yard. The silence in the small space was awkward between them, neither knowing what to say. It didn’t take long for John to turn the radio on, barely paying attention to what’s playing, but turning it up nonetheless.
Dean opened his mouth for near the seventh time, but he couldn’t find the words, not that his father would like to hear them anyway.
“I’d suggest that you take your friend here and leave,” John said coldly, wiping the blood on his knuckles onto his jeans.
One of the Alpha’s that fucked him awhile ago let slip that they put him on birth control. Dean’s not really sure how they get it to him, but he suspects that it’s in his food. He really can’t think of any other way besides if they drug him. He’s grateful no matter what though. The fact that he can’t get pregnant lifts a little of the weight off his shoulders, one that he didn’t know he was carrying.
The rough wood floorboards dig into Dean’s back, scratching against his wounds painfully. The chains around his wrist don’t let him maneuver much, but he’s able to shuffle around enough to alleviate some of his pain. He’s given up on always kneeling, no one here really cares anyway. He’s just a punching bag and a whole to fuck most days.
Unfortunately, the only bullet that manages to hit Dean is clean through his shoulder, and while the wound is steadily pumping blood (and hurts like a son of a bitch), it’s not nearly fast enough for him to bleed to death in a timely manner.
It was only 15 minutes later when they had their bags in the room and were settled for the few days that they’d be there.
“I see you had fun with that little drug I made them give you. It’s something new I cooked up. Quite the hot commodity right now. Of course I had to test it on a few Omegas first, and you were one of the obvious choices,” Alastair shuts the door, leaning against the wall but not taking his eyes off of Dean, “Thanks for finding the little flaw in the drug. It was tricky to fix, had to side step some laws, but I got it done.”
Dean carefully went through all of the files again, checking for a Hood, but his file wasn’t in there.
“All of this, and for what?” Alastair calls after the retreating men, “The sake of remaining morally righteous? You’ll smuggle illegal drugs and deadly weapons, but you draw the line at sex trafficking?” his master’s hand comes to rest on the top of his head, his nails digging into Dean’s scalp, “Omega’s crave this, you know, their biology demands it. I just provide them with the right homes to fulfill their needs.”
The four Alpha’s file into their room, their eyes all dark red and lust-filled. Dean hears the door shut, but he doesn’t comprehend that he’s been unchained until he’s flipped over onto his stomach. Someone holds his upper body down while three sets of hands explore his skin. One of the Alphas spread his legs, forcing Dean to present.
Of course they had to be arrogant knotheads. Dean rolled his eyes, but made no move to flee. “What, are you knots so small no willing Omega wants you? Have to rape some poor son of a bitch just to show how ‘Alpha’ you are? Please, spare me, I could take you two down in a heartbeat if you try anything.” Dean let some of his fake arrogance bleed into his scent, feigning disinterest in the two Alphas but keeping them in his sights.
Dean’s drugged into a pseudo heat once every three or four months. It leaves his body exhausted, and he loses weight every time. It’s four days of endless fucking and always being tied to an Alpha but never getting the satisfaction his body craves. Luckily, he never gets pregnant again.
Alastair had taken more of an interest in him once he found out that the rest of the fight had left Dean. He started taking Dean “out” more. Not outside, but to shady business meetings and even the occasional club. Alastair was always quick to inform everyone that he broke Dean himself, and besides the compliments on how “well trained” he was, no one payed any attention to Dean.
There’s someone coming up the stairs, Dean didn’t realize it at first because of how light the sound is, but he definitely hears it now. He just ate not too long ago, so it’s probably some Alpha looking to let some frustration out by fucking him.
Dean lets his mind drift once again, doing his best to block out the rotten stench of his master’s scent and the lingering taste in his mouth. The ache of his jaw and knees ensure that he’s never able to fully lose himself, but his mind goes peacefully blank for a few precious seconds.
He never goes anywhere without something covering his eyes. Dean’s not sure why Alastair still does it, it’s not like Dean’s gonna tell anyone, but it happens nonetheless.
The door opens much quicker than Dean anticipated. Mostly because it’s blown open in an explosion that leaves Dean’s ears ringing.
Since they hadn’t left until around 8 o’clock that morning, they pulled into their motel on the outskirts of Phoenix a little before 7 PM. Dean stayed in the Impala this time while his father went to check them in.
,” the man, supposedly this “Castiel,” spits the foreign word out, his harsh accent thick, but Dean can’t quite place it, “I see that you’ve been busy, creating problems with my people.”
It’s not long before Alastair is back in front of Dean, holding a remote in one hand and the barbed whip in the other. Dean takes deep breaths, refusing to let his scent show his fear.
They drove almost 12 hours, driving through Nebraska and most of Colorado before stopping at a little motel off of I-29 S.
Dean cries for hours, uncaring of the blood still leaking from his hole, or how it’s coating his thighs. He sobs for what could have been, for the future he and his child could have had. He cries for the kind Alpha that he’ll never have, the family he won’t ever get to make.
Alastair scoffed, and Dean assumed that’d be the end of the meeting. The sound of retreating steps confirmed his suspicion. His master walks back over to Dean, sliding the chair back so he can stand behind his desk.
answer the question, his thoughts stumbling over each other. He opens and closes his mouth a few times, but words refuse to come out. No, no, no, no, no. He has to answer. He
Someone grabbed onto Dean’s shoulders and held him to the pavement while the guy who crashed into him brought his hands closer to Dean’s neck. Dean realized that the man had a collar in his hands.
I'm soooooo sorry for how long this update took. Finals were a bitch, but now that I'm basically done, I'll have loads of more time to write!! This chapter is a bit shorter than the others, but the stopping place fit and it's rather action packed, so I hope you'll forgive me. Enjoy!
The world came back into focus slowly. After a night of only a few hours of sleep, Dean had just settled down when the light streaming through the window in the back of the room woke him. He groaned, sitting up and noticing that his dad’s bed was empty. As a matter of fact, so was the bathroom. His duffle was still in the room, which meant he hadn’t left Dean here for good, and there weren’t signs of a break in, so…
Dean hears something snap open, and then feels the press of a cool blade on his skin. Alastair drags the knife across his skin a few times without cutting him. On the fifth pass, Alastair suddenly slices a deep diagonal cut just to the left of his collar.
Dean drew his knife out of his jacket, holding it to his chest and praying to any god that might be listening that the men would just leave and not look in the bathroom. He could hear the bathroom door handle being tried, and then forcibly jiggled when they found it locked.
Dean was really starting to worry. He figured that once they got back in their motel room and his father could see that they were perfectly alright, that his tense, irritable attitude would disappear. Unfortunately, it seemed the exact opposite was true. His father stood pacing the entire room, seemingly forgetting that Dean was even there. He mumbled to himself occasionally, but it was never loud enough for Dean to make out what he was saying.
“Just a little something to make a more enjoyable night for the rest of the boys,” he chuckles again, grabbing the handle of the box and leaving the room before Dean gets the chance to ask what the fuck that means.
“Whether you’ve directed it or not, I expect your men to be removed from my territory immediately, and if I so much as find another crate missing, you can expect a much less friendly visit.”
Not even seconds later does Dean hear Alastair’s zipper being pulled down and then he’s shoving into Dean’s hole. It’s dry and rough, and it
It’s odd. Being in his master’s company without sexual or painful touches is not something that happens often, and Dean isn’t sure what to make of it. He’s rarely out of that basement for God’s sake, let alone in Alastair’s office.
“This should take care of your little problem,” Alastair plunges the needle into Dean’s upper arm, quickly pressing the plunger in and retracting it before Dean has a chance to resist.
He doesn’t talk at all these days except for the occasional “yes, master” or the constant whines and noises that Alphas like when they fuck him.
Dean’s shook out of his thoughts by the slam of the metal door leading into “his” room. He hears Alastair before he sees him, the bastard’s stupid cocky walk loud in the silent room. It’s only a couple of seconds before his stupid silver eyes come into view. Dean had asked him about his eyes in the beginning, it was one of the few questions he’d answered, saying that his eyes intimidated everyone else. Dean just thinks they make him look like a dipshit.
Not even a second later is a thick cock shoved in his hole, tearing the sensitive skin even with the slick Dean’s producing. It makes Dean hotter, sweat gathering on his forehead and the burning throughout his body intensifying.
Whew! This one is a long one. And pretty dark, so please, please heed the tags and the trigger warnings. There's a clean summary at the end if you just want to skip this entire chapter, which I totally understand if you do.
Also: I have no idea where I'm going with this fic, if you have any ideas at all for something you'd like to see, please let me know!!!
Dean had barely taken a shallow breath when the bathroom door was kicked open with more force than necessary, causing sharp pieces of wood to go flying as a figure entered the doorway. He held his breath and prayed that the scent blockers from earlier were still working to hide his scent.
The cramps start a couple hours later. They aren’t very noticeable at first, but Dean understands what’s about to happen. As the cramps get worse, he starts to bleed a little. It starts out with just a few drops every couple of minutes, but it’s not long before there’s a steady stream of blood coming out of his ass.
Dean shivers, his body going cold all over. All hopes that Alastair hadn’t orchestrated this mess fly out the window.
After quickly getting dressed in comfortable jeans and a long-sleeved shirt, Dean zipped his duffle up and gingerly grabbed his dirty clothes. He unlocked the door and breathed a sigh of relief when he saw John practically passed out on the bed closest to the door. He threw the dirty clothes into the trash bin near the door and set his duffle at the foot of his bed. Slipping his knife under the pillow, Dean settled in for a fitful night of sleep.
“I am going to lift you up, Malysh, so we can get you out of here. It is going to hurt, but I promise I will be gentle.”
Dean lays on the cot for hours. Not a single thing happens. He can still coherently think, and he doesn’t feel the overwhelming urge to be tied on some Alpha’s knot. He’s far from comfortable, the shackles around his wrists and ankles make sure of that, but at least he’s on the bed, which is a little better than the floor.
Bobby came down the steps, stopping before Dean, “You watch out for yourself, okay, boy. Don’t let John push you around too much. I know how you idolize him, Dean, but he’s not everything you’ve made him out to be.”
Dean turned wide-eyed toward John, utter disbelief etched on his youthful face. He masked it quickly, trying to keep his voice even as he choked out a response, “Oh, uh, yeah, I mean, yes, sir, I can do that.” John rarely let Dean drive the Impala, instead convincing Bobby to loan them a junker from the salvage yard for him to practice on. It was barely a month after his 16th birthday and he’d yet to have a driver’s license forged for him.
Over the course of time, he’s forgotten other things too, more important things. He can’t picture his mother’s face anymore, and he has no idea how old Sammy is now, or even his own age. He knows he’s been with Alastair for years, and that the outside world has moved on without him. He doesn’t understand technology anymore although he really doesn’t have a reason to.
The man on top of him reached into the inside pocket of his jacket, pulling out a slender remote. “Load the bitch up, we’re getting out of here before the cops show up,” he looked down to address Dean, showing off the remote, “See you in a few hours, whore.”
Dean drifts through clouded thoughts, never really able to latch onto one for almost an hour before the phone ringing snaps him out of it. Alastair hasn’t addressed him since he unceremoniously shoved Dean to his knees, and Dean is silently grateful.
There’s clanking on the other side of the door, the Alpha fumbling with the key that unlocks the door. It’s not long before it’s opened though, not nearly long enough for Dean.
Sure, there had been harassment before, there always was someone at school who decided he’d be an easy target. Most Alphas, and even the occasional Beta, learned pretty quickly that Dean Winchester was not to be fucked with. He attended school so rarely that no one usually bothered him anyway. But this? No, this had not happened before. He’d heard stories about it, of course. He knew that lone Omegas were taken advantage of quite frequently even in small towns, let alone the big cities.
Dean opened his mouth to answer but was interrupted by John’s heavy steps as he came down the stairs. “Dean! You all ready to go, son?”
his punishments. Alastair had laid out the rules, and when Dean broke them, he’d inevitably get punished, whether it’s right away or a few days later.
This is not a very dark chapter, those are coming up shortly, but still make sure to heed the trigger warnings!
He heard two heavy footsteps and then the shower curtain was being yanked away, revealing his hiding spot and propelling Dean into action. As soon as he saw an opening to the man’s exposed stomach, Dean sprung forward and sank his knife into the lower chest of his assailant. Not waiting for the man to retaliate, Dean jumped out of the tub, sidestepping his attacker and making a break for the motel room door.
His father moved toward their bags, unzipping his and taking out a handgun. He quickly loaded the magazine and flicked the safety off. Without another word, his father dragged a chair into the center of the room, facing the door.
“Oh, little bird, you think you can escape this that easily?” he steps close enough to whisper in Dean’s ear, “I know you weren’t really
“Everything alright, son?” John started the Impala, his potent, almost repulsive, alpha scent filling the Impala quickly.
Everything was still for many moments, allowing Dean’s thoughts to wonder and his anxiety to grow. He still had no clue what had set his father off so horribly, or why they were in any danger at all. Was it that creep from earlier? Did he follow them here?
They get all the way to the door before Alastair ties the black bag around Dean’s head, opening the door and shoving him through.
Dean is pregnant. He’s known for a few weeks now. There was a lot of vomiting, there is still, but he didn’t have a fever or any other signs of illness. He was somehow putting on some weight, and it sure as hell wasn’t from eating more.
“You’ll be regretting that before long, Omega.” They cackled and advanced on him, pressing him into the side of the Impala.
Dean tries to control his breathing, sucking in quick, short breaths. The world tilts again, and Dean has to blink multiple times before it rights itself.
Alastair unhooks him from the ceiling and unchains him from the floor, forcefully moving him to present on a specially designed bench not too far from where he was.
All sounds outside the bathroom ceased. For a few precious minutes, Dean allowed himself to believe that his father had won and would come and get him at any minute. But then Dean heard the heavy footsteps of not one man, but at least two.
Alastair did a pretty thorough job of “breaking him in.” It wasn’t long after Dean became complacent that Alastair dragged him off somewhere else. He knows that it’s more of a house that he’s in now, but he still has no idea where the fuck he is.
The alphas were close now, maybe three or four yards. “What’s a pretty little thing like you doing out so late at night?” the taller, blonde haired alpha sneered.
“Let’s try another one, hm? What’s my name?” Alastair flexes his wrist with the whip, his anticipation and excitement growing.
“Yes, good job, pet. And what’s the only thing you’re good for?” Alastair grins, knowing that Dean won’t ever answer this question.
The silence drags on for what feels like hours before Alastair ends their little standoff by addressing Dean, “Get the fuck out of there, come on,” he janks on Dean’s hair as he scrambles out from under the desk to kneel next to Alastair’s chair. He knows better than to attempt to look up, instead focusing on the dark hardwood floor in front of his knees.
“What do you mean his file’s not in there? I just fucking checked that it was before we left, you goddamn useless piece of shit! Don’t fucking tell me it’s not in there,” his father practically screamed, finally losing his temper after the disaster that was last night.
Alastair had been in an unusually good mood for the past few weeks. Dean’s punishments were less severe, and he earned them less often. Alastair was much more likely to use Dean as a quick fuck and leave instead of spending hours inflicting as much pain as he could.
The other guy falls, leaving just the guy with the gun pointed at Dean’s head. He shouts, “Stop!” and for some reason the attackers listen, ceasing their firing.
Dean’s been taken back and forth a couple of times between the attic and the basement. He gets drugged every time before being moved. Jesus, it’s been so long since he’s seen the sunlight that he’s not even sure his eyes could adjust to it. His skin has long since turned a washed out white, not even a hint of the tan he used to have is left.
Dean can’t think straight anymore, the world spinning dangerously. “Master. Your name is master.” Dean babbles, the words coming out slurred.
It’s the way life is now, and Dean thinks that he’s finally learned that. He thought he knew before, but he was wrong. He was
The Alpha chuckles, messing with the box some more before closing it. Dean’s paying attention this time, staring at the Alpha and the box. He knows he was just injected with something, but he has no fucking clue what it was.
It had happened a few times before, and Dean knew to remain quiet and motionless while Alastair answered the phone and continued fucking into him.
They walk through a doorway, down another hallway, and out another door. They emerge in an alley with three or four large SUVs. He’s carried toward the middle one, and once someone opens the back door, he is semi-gently slid into the back seat. The door is shut as soon as his feet are in, and the driver’s side door and the other backseat door are opened at the same time. The same man who carried him slides into the seat next to Dean’s head while the driver starts the car.
. He’s hot as all hell, flames licking their way across his skin in scalding stripes. He lets out a fucking whine, struggling against the chains that hold him to the bed.
Dean can’t even scream, barely letting out short whines and gasps as he’s roughly taken by all four Alpha’s for days.
“My, my, still not broken your spirit I see,” he lets out a suffering sigh, “I’ve been so patient with you, little bird, but I think it’s time to add some more
“You heard me, Dean. There’s no time for arguments, go!” his father stood, pushing the chair away and loading the gun.
Dean quickly opened the door, not looking to anger his father further, but chanced a glance back at the entrance of the diner, where the man still stood. His placating posture from just moments ago was gone, replaced with a kind of cockiness only Alpha’s, and apparently this man, seemed to be able to possess. His eyes were still fixated on Dean and when he caught Dean looking, the corners of his mouth stretched into a predatory smirk.
Dean righted himself, finally getting a look at the Beta who had both caused and prevented his almost fall. He was a few inches taller than Dean, with graying brown hair and neatly trimmed facial hair that was beginning to gray. His eyes shone an almost unnatural silver color in the lights. He positively reeked of rotten eggs, and was that what blood smelled like? Dean couldn’t be sure, but he was freaked out nonetheless.
Dean’s four in his memory. It’s only a few days after they brought Sam home from the hospital. Sam is a chubby baby, and Dean said as much to his parents. They had laughed and told him that all babies are chubby, but Dean’s not sure he believes them. He sure wasn’t a chubby baby.
“Tebe ne nuzhno bylo etogo delat', Pakhan. Vy dolzhny byli pozvolit' nashim lyudyam spravit'sya s etim,” his companion, a shorter brown haired man, says from his chair with his feet propped on the desk.
Alastair still shows up every once in a while. He’s apparently been busy trying to manage multiple prisons in the area. Dean really couldn’t give a fuck, he’s just grateful not to be whipped to death every day.
He attaches the leash to Dean’s collar without a word, dragging him out the door and up a flight of steps. Even without the bag on, Dean knows to keep his head down.
What'd you think? Let me know any ideas you have for what you'd like to see in later chapters because I don't know myself yet.
A hand runs through black hair, making the perpetual mess unevenly spiked. The man pockets his phone, grabbing his blazer off of the back of a chair and sliding it on.
Dean sighed and closed the Impala’s door, hearing grumbling from John coming from inside, “Sure, whatda need Bobby?”
Bobby stood up from his desk, giving Dean a pat on the back as he walked into the kitchen, searching for a beer in the fridge even though it was only 9 o’clock in the morning. “You just watch your back while you’re gone, I know it’s an easy case and all, but you know how things are, your luck can switch up real quick.”
Only moments later did his father address him, “Go into the bathroom and lock the door. Turn the lights off and pull the shower curtain closed. Lay flat against the bottom of the tub and don’t come out until I get you.”
He could hear the octaves of voices, and even with how loud they were in the silence of the room, he couldn’t make out what they were saying. The talking only lasted for a few seconds before Dean could hear the crashing of what presumably was a body falling on the table in the room.
There’s a cot in his room at least, but he only gets to lay on it if an Alpha decides that’s where they want to fuck him. His chains don’t even reach halfway to the bed.
Dean is raped and beaten by Alastair for a little over 2 months before being moved to an attic where various Alphas rape and beat him. He's learned that Alastair killed both of his parents, and that he is being kept in California somewhere. He is tied down and injected with a drug that makes his body go into heat, and is then used by four Alphas. His birth control failed at that time and he got pregnant. Alastair then injects him with a drug that makes him lose the baby. Alastair is in the middle of raping Dean when his phone rings, he talks to a subordinate on the phone for a minute before dragging Dean to his office.
It’s only a few minutes of rough thrusting before Alastair chokes Dean on his cock, coming in long spurts down Dean’s throat as Dean weakly struggles against him. Alastair finally relents, and Dean draws in long, shaky breaths before his mouth is once again occupied. The soft cock leaves a bitter taste in his mouth as he tries to get comfortable while Alastair goes back to typing.
They walk through another door and down a hallway before stepping into an elevator. Dean hears Alastair jam a button for a floor number before the elevator starts to rise. Alastair is absolutely
Dean huffed a breath, tired of debating the same thing with Sam, “I know you wanna come, Sammy, but it's too dangerous this time, I won't be there to watch over your sorry ass like I have before. It's only for a few days. We'll be back before you know it,” Dean pulled Sam into a crushing hug, breathing in his neutral, unpresented scent, “Dad said that it’s a fairly easy job, and he’ll finally let me help out a bit more than usual.” It was hard to keep the excitement out of his voice.
"The man who dragged me to fucking sketchy buildings to inject me with this fucked up illegal drug so many times I have a fucking scar on my back where I have no feeling!" Castiel's eyes widened as he tried to think back to any blemishes, well he had one but he always thought it was a birthmark.
“We should get this outta the way.” he said handing Cas the paper. “Come on, ignore them they’re a bunch of idiots anyway.” he said that last part loud enough so he knew that they could hear. Castiel gave him a warning look. “No reason to hide in the back anymore, fuck we might as well light up the sky about us being mates.” Dean was still clearly unhappy about what happened before.
"Shut the fuck up, Watson." Dean looked wide eyed as if he had never heard that before. "As I was saying, I want to be a high school teacher so maybe I can instill some ethical thoughts like equality into their peanut brains."
Grumbling to himself Dean took the steps two at a time, he could still hear Castiel yelling at his family with Anna chiming in every few seconds.
Dean really didn't know if he was even welcome down here but he just needed to clear his mind of alpha, and Castiel's room wasn't the place.
He scoured the shelves for anything that could be even remotely helpful to Dean. Air freshener, scent blocking soap and shampoo, and an assortment of colorful toys. Extra lube, but god from what Castiel felt Dean wouldn't need any of that.
“Don’t want him to be the odd one do you?” She was right but it felt like the news was spreading rather fast without his permission.”After I squeezed it out of Sam we knew we had to tell him. We’re all damn happy for you. Well, now that I know Cas I am.” She flashed him a smile the Cas returned.
“God,” Cas panted “Backseat. Now.” Dean nodded, swinging his door out and bounding from the car, and then into the backseat. Cas met him and they started kissing again. Cas’ hands were everywhere, tearing away clothes left and right. Dean just went with it, screw the contract, he wanted this, they both did. Cas nipped at Dean’s chest sending shivers over his body. Dean moaned quietly.
“Alright slow down there tiger, one step at a time.” Castiel laughed as he held Dean up by his elbows.He pressed his chest into Dean’s back and hummed. “Just relax, move one foot at a time and just glide.” Castiel pushed him lightly as they moved towards the rink, they were the only ones there save a few kids a little girl and her father.
“God, I love you,” Cas gasped breaking from the kiss. “my,”  kiss “perfect,” kiss “little-” Swiftly Cas flipped them and rutted down hard, “not pregnant,” kiss, kiss, “omega.” Dean laughed as Castiel’s kisses went down his neck.
Castiel woke up with a knot of anxiety eating at his gut, the kind you get when you know something is wrong but just can’t remember what it is. Everything seemed normal and he chalked it up to finals. Crawling out of bed he stumbled to the bathroom half-naked to take a quick shower to calm himself down. Yawning as he flipped the switch on he realized something was missing, the present smell of an omega. All that lingered in the room was one that was hours old. Turning around, he saw an empty bed and no sign of Dean. Shaking off his sleepy daze, he walked back to his bed and looked at the alarm clock that read it was two in the morning. Castiel patted around the bed until he found his phone. No messages from Dean. Another wave of anxiety swept through him, this time, his skin prickled and his heart speed up by a few beats. Going into his contacts he called Dean and it was directed to voicemail immediately. Dean’s automatic voicemail was just him saying “Not here, I’ll call whenever”. Hitting the end button a little too hard, Castiel felt a growl build in his chest that he was not expecting. The taste of metallic sat on his tongue and his canines slowly started sharpening. It all took him by surprise. This had never happened before, not when a threat wasn’t clearly present. His instincts were obviously telling him something was very, very wrong. Running back into the bathroom he practically watched the gold envelop his normally blue eyes and his canines come to a full point. He had no control of his alpha traits and he felt his nose start to tickle. The smell of the soap they used vanished and the after smell of his instant dinner was gone, he was left with one scent that was overpowering and it was Dean. Never before was he able to totally single out a smell like this and it terrified him. The change in himself had him panicking almost as much as Dean being MIA. He could only guess they were connected. Leaving the bathroom, he changed into his jeans and pullover in record time. He had one urge that was almost as strong as his need to mate when Dean was in heat and that was to find his omega.
"No! No- no one is here mom and, well god my it's not like I could have kids of my own even if there was a girl here." Dean knew he sounded like he was lying but he could help it.
“Well look at you, one hell of a specimen.” Alton undid one button of his gray suit and slightly bent over to get a closer look at Dean. Dean gave him a nasty glare and wished he could punch the man right in his nose. “Wonderful job Crowley, where did you find him?” Crowley smiled and moved closer.
"I still love you, mommy, I take care of you." He leaned in and hugged her waist and placed his tiny hand on her large swell of a stomach. "An’ the babies," She didn't let Dean see it but silent tears fell down her face. He was her life, he always would be.
He could take on multiple...just not now. He would be happy to, yes it is much harder but in reality, it is what they are built for, many many pups. It is natural and welcome to have such a large family. Castiel just prayed it wasn’t right now.
Just some info ahead, Dean had a relatively happy childhood. His dad was the only one holding him back so Dean knows what it's like to have a childhood and just be happy...So here we go!!
"Okay, I'll be there and uh yeah he did he's my um, mate." Castiel was nervous on how Dean would react but he only seemed curious on their conversation.
“No, Dean.” Cas said weakly, grabbing his wrist. “Just, dont. Please, stay.” Dean kneeled down next to Cas. “I’ve had so much time to heal after it, so many things have happened that have helped me move passed it, I just- I just- seeing her,  it set me off.” Dean nodded, swallowing hard.
"This dude, guess he is in a class or two of mine. I don't know I give him notes when he is absent. Which is kind of a lot. Don't really know him."
It was a reinforcement of the mating bond, it's pure instinct. Normally occurring after trauma or separation it was a way of reassuring the other.
“Aw come on Cas! You gotta tell me somethin'.” Cas had been giving him vague directions for twenty minutes now, and he better believe he’s paying for the gas on this adventure.
Hey, mom, it's Dean, but you knew that. I know I talked to you yesterday but I guess we didn't have a lot of time for us to really talk. I just wanted to say that I really am having a great time. I'm paired up with this wacky beta Victor and he is one weird guy. But weird in a good way I guess.
"Well yeah, gotta introduce you to the guy. Put him through the pack hazing and all that." Dean laughed as he thought of his brothers, Jo, and Ash picking apart Cas. After a pause, Dean said "Yeah well that's what I had to tell you. Don't tell dad yet. I think I might just surprise him and mom with that. You know less time for him to stew in the fact his son is happy."
“Well come on alpha, it’s your turn.” Castiel only smiled and jumped on his bed taking Dean’s lips to his in a heated kiss, pushing his tongue in and running his hands all over his body. A possessive growl rumbled in his chest as he grouped at every inch of Dean’s skin.
Castiel wondered how the packs became one. That usually only happens when one finds a mate and if the clans are compatible they join. But from what he had herded from Dean no one from the packs have mated. All it seems is they are good friends.
"What, are we trying to out sex each other?" Dean looked up with bright green eyes that said ‘you don’t have a chance’. Castiel replied with a ‘bring it’ smile’.
“Every day. Every fucking day I’d- I’d-” Cas dropped to his knees hugging himself and crying. “I’d wish I was dead, or she was dead, I’d wish it, Dean!”
“Dean, I look like I should be starring in a porno.” Castiel’s voice wavered slightly and Dean knew he was uncomfortable with his reflection in the mirror.
“Do you want me to go?” He asked, choking on his words, Cas didn’t answer. Dean got up, got dressed quietly and walked barefoot across the room, he turned to doorknob-
"You want me to talk about it? You want me to say how I was this seventeen year old alpha boy who got tangled up with this sadistic beta woman! You want me to talk about my past because its done. It's all fucking done so drop it."
“Hey, down boy he was mind first.” Castiel knew she was joking but he felt an alpha flair in him but pushed it away knowing Dean wouldn’t want them fighting.
"Are your forgetting your goddaughters birthday!" Gabriel asked almost shocked at the thought Cas could have forgotten.
"Dean's an alpha, it'll be good for him to take charge, be the man of the house." The comment made something in Mary snap. It could be her fierce protection over Dean or her hormones but John was going to get hell.
A low growl left Castiel’s lips and his eyes were glazed over. His shirt was drenched and he felt so cold.
This chapter was subpar and I'm sorry. It was a random filler before the more serous stuff kicked in and I will say things get fast very quickly and this story is on its way to being warped up!
The sound of the gunshot rang in Dean’s ear immediately he snapped out of his trance and knew he needed to get out. Something screamed for him to open that door and charge outside. Not to escape but to go straight into the fight. His mating mark felt like someone was holding a hot iron to it. Just as Dean was lifting his hand to grab the door it had swung on its own and before him stood Alton. Before anything registered in the alphas brain, Dean grabbed him by the color is his dress shirt and flung him down the steps. Hearing a satisfying crack at the end when his head hit the cement wall. He wasn’t dead, not yet, but he would be back for him.
“Oh, fuck, Cas.” Castiel rumbled a growl from the back of his throat, marking Dean’s neck, chest, everywhere he could bite skin. It wasn’t the bite, but it felt so good to do it. Their scents mixed together so well, Dean was right, there was the smell of honey, and grass seed? No, maybe it’s a tea-smell, it was sweet and earthy and, just so good.
"Cas!" Dean gasped his hands shooting down to grab into the hair of his mate and roll his hips in time with him. The feeling of the dream world still clung to his brain as his body heated up.
"Am I really jumping into my past right now? Better question is how that fuck are you just sitting there? I've had to run from three alphas in the last half hour. Aren't you a 'knot what is mine' kinda wolf?" Cas glared up at Dean and he sighed.
“Mother fucker!”  He yelled, slightly whimpering, hot tears streaked his face. His mom didn’t have a problem with him being an omega. What was so horrible about Dean? How could he have failed so terribly? So what, he was brought up from a pup to be an alpha and then once he turned seven it’s like he was a black mark on his family. His father was disappointed in him for something he had no control of. For fucks sake John should hate himself he was the one who helped make Dean!
“Gee, honey, you’re ace at folding, aren’t ya?” Cas walked over to him picking up the last few things on the floor. One of them happened to be a pair of very lacy black panties. His thumb ran over the satiny fabric, in a weird way, the sensory comfort of touching something so soft, something that smelled so much like his mate was immensely helpful right now. Dean shrugged expressing that he didn’t really care how well he could fold. He didn’t have the patience. Castiel walked over, folding a well-worn Pink Floyd tshirt and the panties, placing them atop the mountain of twisted up knotted up clothes. Dean kissed his temple softly, crawling along the bed and then burrowing himself under the covers. Castiel  joined him, nestling in, and turning to Dean.
It was a short and sweet visit, something Dean really needed after that past few weeks. It reminded him he wasn't so isolated in his problems after all. He didn't just have Castiel, he still had his pack.
"Shush, don’t worry about that Dean. We are in college right now, no rush for pups yet." Leaning down Castiel placed soft kisses along Dean's mating mark. Dean decided not to further the conversation. He should just enjoy the view of the forest and the scent of his mate
“Cas, relax you’re starting to make me nervous.”  Dean started the car and peeled out of the parking lot and down the empty road towards the Novak residence.
"Whenever Daddy goes up there he always comes down grumpy." Dean marveled up at the small pup in his lap. This small girl understood more than she should, her pack should be nurturing her with love. That’s what packs should do, it would ranged from the core alpha and their mate. Then it spun out into smaller packs that were brought in through mating, but no matter what everyone loved and took care of the pups. It was like an unwritten rule. This was the complete opposite how could they exile her and her parents to the basement. Dean's throat tightened at the thought of her growing up in such a hostile house. The possible socialization issues from being cut off from so many people. Dean only had his father to deal with, he still had a mother who loved him more than he deserved and two brothers he would be anything for. All this pup has is the small protection of her fathers against a pack of alphas who hate her existence. Dean didn't realize he was crying until Beckett whipped away a tear and gave him a small smile.
“Yeah, okay.” Dean bit his lip, what was he doing? “Give me, like, five minutes, then we can go.” Cas was stunned by this response.
Dean was very quiet this morning but Castiel didn't push it. Dean's mind was elsewhere and Castiel knew it wasn't his place to demand things from the man no matter how badly he would like to fix it. Dean left an hour early for his class, leaving Cas alone in the dorm.
“One second I think I found something.” Castiel scanned over the article over short sporadic heats. They normally appeared when an omega is pregnant or under extreme stress. Castiel hoped it was the latter, it most likely was, considering Dean’s state of mind. “I think it was due to stress, not a real heat.”
I am so sorry I am a day late! I was having technical and mental problems yesterday so please don't hunt me down and trap me in holy fire! -or a devils trap-
"Well come one then get me a bag, we did tear up the contract." he said with a boyish grin "and by the look of your neck it seems you have a new mate to show off." An amazing smile completely lit up Castiel's face as he tossed his bag onto Dean's bed.
Alastair moves quickly, snatching Dean’s ring finger and twisting until it breaks painfully. Not even a second after that does an electric current race down Dean’s spine, his arms shaking and vision going blurry.
Dean had to ride with the officers to the hospital, Cas’ condition was too critical and he would be a distraction to have in the ambulance. The entire ride Dean held a firm grip over his mating mark, hoping Castiel felt the pressure too.
"Um, sure." Castiel tried to hide his confusion and took a seat across the makeshift table that was made out of a rather large moving box. "What are we playing." Dean picked up the pile of cards and started shuffling them with expert hands. Thumbs rubbing the edges, each card ticks as it escapes from Dean's fingers and is lost into the pile. Castiel's mouth watered at his nimble fingers. "We've been working our bodies a lot lately. I thought it was time to arouse our minds with a few good card games. Obviously the winner of the night gets to pick a prize." Castiel gave a wide smile, he loved card games and was excited to see what 'prize' Dean had in mind.
"I'm sorry what? You didn’t tell me? Me of all people? I would be your lieutenant if you waged war! How could you not tell me?" Rachel's blue eyes were wide and he could see the smudge of brown eyeliner and pink shadow under her eye. “Who is he, and isn’t this a little random? I mean I don’t think I’ve ever seen you show much interest in others like that. Have you ever dated before?”
"Has he tried anything? I mean maybe that's why he's acting protective. Maybe he wants to stake a claim! Fuck Dean just keep your lubricating ass away from him and keep up with your suppressant." Yet another fact Dean would be leaving out of this conversation.
heat flashes over Castiel's face and fear cut through his gut. The room was suddenly twenty degrees hotter and Castiel started to panic.
Dean arrived shortly after Sam left and distributed the drinks, he, of course, had his normal black.
"How do you know? You're pack has beaten all the odds. Your father never pumped you full of drugs to change your gender presentation! He was discussed with me! And you know where that landed me? Having some weird ass heat in a dorm full of alphas!" Dean snapped, at least this was helping distract from the demands his body is screaming at him 'let that alpha have you, bend over, take his knot'
"Damn,” He cursed grabbing onto Castiel’s green button up and looking into Castiel blue eyes.  “I wanna rip this fucking thing up!” He buried his face in his hands that clung to Cas, waves of fear, and anger, and sadness rolled off his body, repelling the other alphas in the hall. “I want you, Cas!” He shouted, edging on hysterics. He heaved a deep breath before whispering "I wanna be your mate, Cas."  Castiel studied Dean’s face for a few beats, the burst of emotion was odd for the man but Castiel didn’t hold onto that thought for long once he processed what he had said.
"Bullshit, I get maternity leave, so are you going to be absent with them, too? Is Dean going to be the patriarch to them?" Mary was on the verge of crying.
“Fine, but then I am free to walk to class.” Dean saw Castiel’s face fall and he lightly elbowed him in the ribs. “I’ll be fine, I’ve been kicking ass all my life. Hell I could probably take on you.” Castiel smiled and looked into Dean’s eyes, they looked so much brighter than when they met.
Even after leaving the library he was still watching everyone around him, people stayed a few steps away and he knew it was because his anxiety rolled off of him in waves of bitter apples. Dean prided himself on being a strong independent person but he needed Cas, he needed comfort just like his mother provided him when he was little. That was what mates were for. It didn't make Den weak, it meant Dean was loved and that was an odd feeling for him.
"Congratulations Dean you are an alpha." He smiled wide and looked to his father who looked anything but happy.
"You gonna make your omega wait?" And at that Castiel dove in. Aligning himself and sliding in. Yes he was absolutely correct. Dean didn't need an ounce of lube. Once he bottomed out he stopped waiting for Deans signal. It felt like an eternity with Dean wrapped around his cock, his slick covered walls that clenched desperately around him. Sweat gathered on his brow, he had never felt such an amazing feeling before.
“No, that was just for you.” He spoke with his fucked out voice. Castiel nearly purred as he pulled Dean into a soft, slow kiss.
"Very late. How about I help?" As the pressure grew so did his panic and he started struggling to break free of his invisible restraints. Soon a cool chill crept up his leg and started to relive his burning skin.
“It’s okay,” Dean hummed looking into Castiel’s eyes, the alpha was no propped up on his elbows over Dean’s stomach that was now covered in claiming marks. “So is the sex part over of should I prepare myself for another marathon?” Dean asked with a laugh, Dean wasn’t opposed to a few more rounds but he also can’t remember the last time he ate.
After studying Dean made his way back to his room and thankfully it was empty. It was almost as if he and Cas were playing a game “Avoid the Roommate.” Kicking his boots off he jumped onto his bed and pulled out his phone. Might as well get it over with. Dialing Jo’s number he listen to it ring a few times.
"Enjoy." His voice was monotone and he clearly was not the employee of the month. Dean gave him a sour face still upset about missing breakfast. Before he fully pulled out he leaned out of his window and shouted.
"Um, Dean how did you set your clock before for daylight savings time?" Castiel questioned looking from his phone to the clock.
"Well I have to say I'm happy they didn't become mates, you fit right in here Cas. We are very happy to have you join our family." Both Castiel and Dean smiled and inched slightly closer. “Maybe it was fate to find your true pack, either way, we are happy you will be the one to be with Dean when we aren’t.”
“Mom what are you doing? I haven’t had contact with the Masters pack in years and you just drag her in here?” Castiel tried to hold himself together, he would not break in front of Meg, not again. Meg moved around the island and walked towards Castiel as he was talking. Dean kept his eyes glued on every move she made and was getting dangerously close to his mates shoulder.
“No it is true, I saw it on the internet.” The beta seemed pissed and her friends started backing her up.
“How are you feeling, honey?” Mary asked turning away from the sink and walking over to Castiel’s side. “I really don’t have words to say other than sorry. I talked with John last night and he promised to be on his best behavior.” Mary had such a warm smile Castiel could nearly feel the radiant feel of a loving hug flow from her. She had the best scent out of the pack, excluding Dean. It was the closest to his though, but hers lacked the leathery spice, hers truly was a spring meadow with wildflowers in full bloom and the sun just setting on the water, just enough warmth left to keep you from covering up. It was delightful.
Mentally crossing his fingers Dean slowly slid out of bed and pulled his sheets off with him. Softly closing the bathroom door behind him he finally took a breath. Dropping the sheets onto the floor and stripped down.
"That's the benefit of having all alphas. They stay in the pack, they expand your territory." Azazul finished for his wife.
"Is it the schlubby alpha of yours?" Jo spit. "I'll come down there, Dean. Kick some ass!" Jo was kind of protective of Dean.
It was exactly what they both needed, a relaxing night after a stressful day. Dean started to rock his hips faster in rhythm with Castiel’s movements. They were curled in on each other and were as close to being one person as possible. It was the subtle buildup that was soon becoming unbearable, their skin dragging together causing warm friction between them and sending chills down Castiel’s spine. With Castiel’s hand stroking Dean faster they both picked up pace trying to time their orgasme at the perfect moment. With three more strokes Dean choked out a cry, his stomach clenching and teeth sinking into Cas who followed in less than two seconds. They were tied together muscles shaking and breath hot on each other’s skin. It was perfection, with the night drowning out everything around them Castiel was the only thing Dean’s mind could process. And it hit him.
"Pack? Are you serious? We’ve been mated for three hours, speed racer!" Dean was still blurry eyed and he slowly lifted himself up from bed.
“Not what I think? This place is massive! I mean it must be amazing to have so much space.” Dean killed the engine and parked next to a silver prius.
“I hate her.” he whispered again, pleadingly, “I hate her.” Dean didn’t know what to do, so he just held Cas until he was all cried out.
“I’m guessing that was towards your friend and not me?” Castiel asked, his voice was gruff and he placed his books down on his bed. He smelt like coffee beans and old books.
“What happened?” It was a stupid question, Castiel knew just what happened but what he didn’t know was why Dean was so upset.
"Fuck, god fuck." Dean started painting as he bucked forward onto Castiel, digging his nails into his bare back. Castiel pulled Dean closer sliding his hand around his ass and between his legs. He can feel the slick bleeding through his jeans. Cas presses his fingers up and Dean yelps at the pressure causing him to rut harder against Castiel's leg. Dean is scenting and nipping Cas across his shoulder and collarbone. Running hands through his hair and pushing harder on his legs. Deans mind is moving a thousand miles and hour and his body is shaking and ready to explode. Castiel is still pushing and palming deans ass with one hand and scenting the rest of his body with his other.
"Come one." He said as he tugged at Dean's t-shirt. Dean only lifted him arms slightly and Cas tugged the shirt off of him. Placing the tips of his fingers on Dean's chest he pushed him back into the bed and started working off his pants. Tugging each leg out he motioned for Dean to move farther up in the bed. Dean fumbled as he tried to get himself in the dead center. He was wearing his gray briefs. Castiel climbed over Dean and straddled his hips
Once they emerged from the bedroom they went to the bathroom to brush their teeth. The bathroom had a feminine touch but could still be called Dean's. He had hot rod magazines on the floor and men's body washes in the shower. But the blue toilet seat cover and matching shower curtains gave slight hints that this was Mary’s house, odly, Dean noticed, they were the same blue of Cas’ eyes.
"Dean, Cas let's go!" Adam called through the door still clearly pissed at Dean because of the toads.
"Um sir, we aren't serving breakfast anymore." The voice spoke after a second. Dean's brow frowned and he looked at the clock. 9:41.
“Well I do learn, and I also met Dean.”  Castiel was pissed, Dean could feel it pouring off of him in waves. It was an odd feeling, now that their mating was completed he had a sixth sense when it came to Castiel, even from a distance he could feel him.
Patting his pockets Dean pulled out the phone he turned off after he stormed away from Castiel. God why did he leave? His head was throbbing and he couldn't move his right hand. He was limping through the parking lot as he waited for his phone to turn on. It was dark and not many people were out so he trudged on without anyone noticing. It was too cold out now for his t-shirt and a shiver ran down his body, his entire body hurt and he was still in flight mode looking over his shoulder at every shadow in the dimly lit parking lot.
The best chance he has with that room is for him to hide in it and take Crowley by surprise, but even that was a long shot since he was bound up at the moment. Crowley wasn’t the real problem, he could take him on in a fight if needed, especially with the adrenaline pumping in his veins at the moment. The issue was the unknown and by that, he meant the big musky men upstairs. They could range from friends to guards of Crowley’s and Dean did not want to find out, but he had a sinking feeling he would be...and soon.
Dean was taken aback by Castiel's actions but he didn't shy away, he craved contact after their silence and he slowly pushed into Castiel's hand. Slowly the smell of slick danced at Castiel's nose as he brought Dean to full attention. He then moved to pull his pants down just under his ass. Maneuvering Dean's legs so his knees bent and his shins pressed into Castiel's chest he brought his cock to Dean's entrance.
"Wow, wait you know mom and dad are going to want to meet him!" Samandriel’s eyes were still saucers as he looked between the two men.
The bleeding doesn’t stop for at least 3 days. Dean loses track of the time, his body weak from the blood loss and in a constant state of agony. Sometimes it’s a sharp pain, like someone is shoving pins and needles into his pelvis, other times it’s a dull throbbing, usually between the worst of the cramps.
The Alpha grins down at Dean, kicking the door shut behind him. He pretty much ignores Dean after that, going to set the box down on the lone nightstand next to the flimsy cot. The Alpha stands between Dean and the nightstand, blocking his view of the box when he opens it. He spends a few more seconds bent over the box, messing with its contents. When the Alpha finally moves away from the box, Dean’s too low to be able to see inside it anyway.
A lot of people come through the house. A lot of different Alphas. They’ve almost all had Dean, one way or another. He’s lucky when all the Alpha wants to do is fuck him. It’s reality when they beat him black and blue and then fuck him against the floor, scraping his knees and forearms raw.
“Let’s go, pet, I’ve got a meeting in an hour and then we’re headed to the opening of a new club.” Alastair unchains Dean from the wall, attaching a leather leash to his collar and tugging him along.
“What? No! Tell me what’s going on, I can help!” Dean was nearly shaking from fear. He’d never seen his father like this before.
"Well, I just have some questions I guess." Dean wondered how he would word this without letting Jo know he went against the one thing she told him to do.
Sam and Adam were right, there was nothing to do in their town, except for the shooting range. Adam called up Jo and told her to tag along. This is how Castiel ended up with a gun in his hand and Dean pressed firmly behind him with his hands over his own.
He moved to lick at the reddened bite mark on the nape of Dean's neck, he felt how exhausted Dean was and untangled their hands.
"Nope." The were both grinning and blushing like morons. They ended up feeding eachother most of the fries dipped in vanilla milkshake. Once they were literally too full to even look at their plates, they asked for a check. Dean wouldn't even let Cas look at the bill.
"I'm not an asshole. Just like I know your mate doesn't actually have a matching mark. That doesn't seem to be stopping either of your bodies. Casual sex...yeah. Sure." She walked off sliding through the door with no problem. Dean was one of the last left in the room as he tried to process what he had just been told. What if Pamela told? Why didn't she tell everyone he was an omega? She not an asshole? Is that even an excuse?
"Obviously you have no clue what love is because God knows you couldn't care less about dad! Gabriel and Castiel are the only ones in this family who mated for love and if you think Castiel will stand for this, well then I guess you don't know your son." Pissed off, Dean made his way through the dining room but stopped as he heard an unfamiliar voice.
"Oh god the list is so damn long, I would sneak into bars and see how many I could find in a night, Ash and I would compete even though he was a beta and I always won." Castiel's stomach tightened as Dean went on. "This one guy, fuck, what was it a few weeks ago?" That's when Cas snapped, he wasn't mad at Dean, he could do what he wanted with his body. But he just thought of all the undeserving assholes who used him. "Hey, Cas." Dean whispered tapping his shoulder. "Guess what?" Dean averted his eyes to look into Castiel's darkening ones. He chuckled slightly.
Like last night, mouth full of frozen grapes plus a blow job equals one begging alpha. Castiel assumed he was doing a lot of cosmos reading on
Castiel received hugs by people named Ash and Ellen even a semi-reluctant one by a man named Bobby. It was odd how openly affectionate the pack was towards him. Just the simple title as Dean’s mate and he was immediately accepted. The one person he hadn’t seen was Dean’s father.
Dean pushed his hips further and bumped Castiel’s chin. Accepting his plea Cas took one hand from Dean’s side and circled the base of his cock. He gave Dean a few loose strokes and brought him to his lips. Dean expected a slow warm entrance but was shocked when Castiel placed his head on the flat of his tongue and placed both hands back on his hips.
“Dean, it’s okay we will find a way to fix this.” Dean only nodded, the room was filled with silence and they went back to their normal doings.
"Holy fuck." He gasped and Dean managed to pull out Castiel's knot without a problem. Dean stood up obviously proud of his work, cum dripped from his lips to his chin. Castiel leaned in his lips barely grazing Dean’s and dragged his thumb across his chin. Sliding his lips around his thumb he sucked it clean with a low growl.
Okay that was a hard chapter to write and I'm sure read but I swear the next one will be more lighthearted.
“Lucifer, back off.” Castiel obviously had less restraint when it came to his brothers and if Dean remembered correctly Lucifer was the one sleeping next door. The room was quiet for a few more beats and Dean was trying to put names to faces. Cas had given him a quick description of his brothers. The tall dark haired one was Michael and next to him was probably Uril based on the permanent glare plastered on his face. Heaster was obviously the blonde woman standing behind her mother Naomi. It seemed a few of the pack was missing.
“Down, Fido.” Dean groaned as he sat up, “Looks like the DA is gonna have one hell of a night.” Cas pulled Dean back down to him as they tried to block out the noise down the hall with talking. It was only eleven since they went to bed so early so they were slowly waking up as if they just took a power nap.
It was an awkward first few minutes, Castiel tried drying off his pants and Dean kep his eyes locked on his lap. His plate was covered in way more green than Dean was used to, everyone around him seemed to be enjoying the meal and he could feel Castiel’s gaze at his side. It wasn’t until Naomie broke the silence that Dean looked up.
"I know, he has just gotten a lot of shit over it and well it's my instinct to defend him." Cas sighed opening up his notebook.
If he had looked into it then he wouldn't be so royally fucked. He kept his fist tucked into his chest and yelled again. Listening to himself echo through the trees he heard footsteps behind him.
"Oohh, the lies have begun. Sure he isn't shagging an alpha down the hall?" An unexpected snarl burst out of Castiel chest and they were both taken aback. Hadn't he just told Dean he wasn't tied to Cas? For some reason Castiel felt like taking those words back, maybe it was the events that unfolded in the car but Castiel suddenly felt anger towards anyone who would touch Dean in that manner. "Wow, sorry there buddy."
It was all a blur and before Dean knew it he was on his back mewling as Castiel kneaded his ass with eager hands. A few curious fingers wandered and he felt the pad of Castiel’s thumb pressed on his slicked up hole but never passing through the tight ring. He moved his hands so his knuckles pressed into the tight patch of skin behind his balls and he listened to his omega sing. Once he was done with his torture he unceremoniously scissored open Dean and fumbled with his own cock to press into Dean.
“Cas, Cas can you hear me?” Dean called out following the smell of blood he stumbled across a man with a chunk bitten out of his neck, still breathing, he hopped over him to find Castiel who was tangled in a bush. “Hey, hey!” Dean shouted as he searched for his shoulders and attempted to pull him from the thick branches. Once free Dean looked over his mate whose lips were slightly parted as shallow breathes left his lungs his face covered in a spray of blood.
“So that's five months. Gabe gave me the same offer before but thankfully I could turn him down, they have almost enough to get far far away and I'm not taking a penny from that fund. Beckett needs a safer home to grow up in, she shouldn’t be an invisible child.” The conversation turned sour.
Castiel took the shortcut around the back of the building into the trees, Dean was smart and after his last incident he probably wouldn’t come back. But Dean was so upset and Cas wasn’t taking any chances. He walked the border of the forest searching for Deans smell, anything that signified he had been here.
Behind them, the alpha’s partner approached from around the house eyes wide as she took in the scene around her.
Dean sat up and crossed his arms looking at Cas’ back trying to think of a way to catch his attention. Suddenly a sly smile curled on his lips and repositioned himself so his back was against the headboard, legs spread and cock hard. Dean starts to slowly palm himself through his pants to bring his dick to full attention, letting soft sounds fall from his lips, the smell of arousal filled the room again as he stroked himself.
“I was drugged and dragged here, Cas- he came after me and,” Dean stopped he couldn’t be the reason Castiel was dying right now he absolutely refused. He just leaned his forehead into Castiel’s hair and inhaled. Grass, trickling water, fresh linens. He held onto the scent. One he used to hate with every fiber of his being. He would open the windows to rid himself of the smell and now it was the only thing keeping him grounded.
“That's the thing, man! Okay, this is a confusing ass story so I'll keep it short and sweet. I've got a mate. He's an alpha and he was my roommate. One thing led to another and on and on and now we are here." Dean was rambling almost scared to mention Cas's name.
“A big tickle!” He tickled her belly making her tumble back into her daddy’s arms laughing and shouting.
"Dean. Please get in the car." Castiel moves closer and put his hand on Dean's soaked shoulder. Dean stood up and rubbed his face, turning towards Cas he couldn't help but look at how defeated the alpha looked.
“Aw, look at the poor baby.” Cas glared at him so Dean quickly kissed his pouty lips and went back to driving.
“First I have to work on you, then I’ll get to the kids.” Cas teased, Dean shoved him playfully, with a fake scowl on his lips.
"If you even think of touching my mate I will rip your heart out and shove it down your fucking throat." The wide eyed alpha fought to shove Castiel back. He slammed his head into the wall one last time before he went back to his doors and scent marked it with a warning. With one last snarl he walked off leaving a potent warning smell to anyone who passes by.
“It’s a fricken V-neck what screams porno about that?” Slowly Castiel drew back the curtain and Dean knew exactly what he was talking about.
“Ca-” Dean was cut off by his own piercing moan as Castiel physically pulled Dean into his mouth. “Fu-,” It took a few seconds for Dean to say the other half as he was in shock over Castiel’s quick lips and skilled tongue. “ck!”
Cas opens the bathroom door that is attached to their dorm, a wonderful perk that comes from nice schools. A towel is slung low on his hips. He's got a body any omega would want their alpha to have. Lean muscles and long legs, a small trail of black hair sneaking down under his towel. It was a great view but the last name still intimidated Dean. He hasn't said anything yet, they are more like ghosts in a room. They come in and out not knowing much about the other. Dean wasn't a social butterfly with any of his other roommates but at least they didn't have a scent that boggled his head. Now he was honey and oranges. This mans smell changes all the time and he can't figure out why. One day it's spicy another sweet. Then there are day he is bitter with shots of honey and mint. Dean focused hard, always with the honey and this guy. Dean is almost interested enough to ask why Cas’ scent changes like the phases of the fucking moon, almost.
"D-Dean." Castiel croaks. He has gone untouched but this isn't for him, Dean is in heat and they are just being thorough with their markings.
“No, no I was a huge family, it’s just, wait why am I telling you?” Castiel was slightly taken aback, and he looked away from Dean.
“I have no clue how to say devour. All I said was ‘I need a cat!’ I had no idea it would turn you on so much.” Castiel was now wiping away tears and Dean didn’t know if he should be annoyed or start laughing with him. He felt slightly embarrassed but how was he supposed to know what Cas had said, three years of a language and he was meant to know everything?
Closing his eyes he tried to stay focused, thinking of Castiel, his feelings of distress. They have technically been mated since the beginning of the year, but Dean didn't know how far his call with travel. Dean's shoulders began to ache, he tried once more to loosen the rope but was met with failure.
Castiel sighed and looked at the time, a half hour had already passed and he had about a fifteen minute run back to the dorm. Dean was probably clawing at the walls. He just hoped Dean would deny any of his first heat instincts and keep the door shut. Not that for a second Castiel thinks omegas are mindless sexed up needy animals when they're in heat. Just the first heat is usually the worst. Same with the first heat after mating. Sometimes the temptation of ridding themselves of that feeling is enough to drive them into doing things they wouldn't normally do.
“Cas, I just needed to snap you out of it, you were gonna kill Linus over there.” Cas sobered, looking to see Linus’ retreating back.
"You're stupid." He laughed and kissed Castiel's lips. "I've only bottomed for you, doofus." Everything flooded out if Castiel all at once. What! "Well I mean except for when Jo and I got creative." Dean started laughing and fell back into his pillow.
Quickly scanning the overgrown yard for anything that resembled a weapon Castiel settled on a moss-covered brick laying beside an overgrown bush. Lightly tossing it to get a feel for it he felt it was as good of a weapon as he was going to have. Ignoring the front door he quietly made his way through the knee-length grass to sneak around the side of the house and get a feel of the layout. Running in guns blazing was not his best bet even if it was exactly what he wanted to do.
“Sam?” Castiel asked, his brow raising slightly in question. Sam didn’t respond with words but with a back-breaking bear hug. He smelt like thick flannel, sweat, and beta. He was clearly an alpha so Castiel assumed he had a mate who was a beta.
"Bring it, I'll kick your ass. Not a great way to start off your high school career." Sam laughed because they all knew Dean could and would kick their butts. "And guys remember, I'm a beta." Their smiles all dropped and they nodded. It was their family secret, one that Mary hated. But Sam and Adam knew that they never spoke a word of it. Didn't even talk about it with Dean. They respected Dean. Loved him.
"Mmm, so nice." He said burying his head in the pillow not realizing just how tired he was from his lack of sleep.
"I love you too, little alpha. Get some more sleep before class, I'll be back in a few." Dean walked off into the bathroom to take a quick shower before his long day.
“D-Deean!” Castiel gasped not knowing what to do other than watch as Dean ravished him. Finally, Dean swallowed Castiel down completely and earned a deep moan. He knew Cas wasn’t going to last long so Dean worked quickly, swirling his tongue over his head he bobbed, and as he sucked he hollowed out his cheeks.
"I'm going out, you have until the time I come back to escape. If you fail you run an extra eight miles tomorrow. Got it?" Dean laughed in his mind. Didn't matter if he did get out, hell he could get out in three seconds flat and he would still have to do those eight miles.
"Honey, no mate is perfect, lord knows Bobby gets to me." Ellen rubbed Mary's shoulder lovingly and gave her husband a small smile. Bobby grumbled from across the room and took another swig of beer. Ellen was playing off the fight, she knew another emotional talk would come from this later. "Not to this extent but Dean is a good boy, John can't take a damn thing from him."
He had to make it quick since he was pressed for time but he popped open the first bottle and squeezed out the pearl white gel. Sniffing it he was reminded of his teenage years, it was bland. No sweet smells or musky rut. It was basic, it was the scent of a beta.
"Dean, if you’re just going to be a lazy runner how about we do some escape training?" Panic hit Dean like a brick wall and he pushed harder than he had all day. He couldn't do escape training, not now he still hadn't recovered from the last one.
"Everyone needs to calm down, it's lunch, save the grudge match for later on. Get Gabriel later tonight it can be an omega vs alpha fight." Michael chuckled and bumped his elbow into Lucifer to encourage him to laugh also.
. He tried to move his hands around and ignored the protest of his raw skin. He needed to feel what kind of knot he was working with, this was no time to blank out he has trained his whole life for this very situation.
"It's been five minutes." Dean turned around and braised his hands on the wall, bending over for Cas.
“So the suppressants don’t work and I’m doomed to heat for the rest of my life. So I was pissed when I found out and ditched for the woods, and yeah yeah I know you tell me everyday not to go there and god trust me I heard your voice in my head when Alistair attacked me. But man I wasn’t thinking clearly I mean even away from home my dad somehow followed me.” Castiel’s face was twisted into a pained expression, he had no idea about Dean’s family, well very little other that his father being a horrible man and Small details he shared once in a blue moon.
Deans brow knitted together. Things, what things? A toy? Like that will fucking help he might as well be sitting in a puddle of slick.
"I'm not addicted to sex." Castiel said matter-o-fact. "Just your sex." He finished sheepishly. They both fell into laughter and exchanged soft kisses and scented each other without really knowing they were doing it. Like a natural instinct to reinforce their mating bond...even if they didn't really have one.
"Oh well hi then." The line went quiet again for a few seconds. "Dean, do you have something to tell me?" Sam knew his brother damn well, and sometimes Dean hates that about him.
Something was very wrong with Dean and he seemed adamant about not telling him. He didn't know why they were mates and were honest about everything. He has been so skittish and on edge over everything. Castiel felt as if he was failing Dean in a way but he didn't know how to help if Dean refused to explain his problem.
"I'm sorry, did you just say you are gonna throw in this bitch to my pack?" Dean snarled at Naomi and now he knew why Anna sounded so worked up.
"N-no, Cas stay!" They both froze. "Because um, maybe your smell will keep the alphas away." Castiel gave Dean an odd look but eventually agreed. He took a seat on his bed and watched Dean look through everything. Dean obviously wasn’t thinking clearly but as long as he was just sitting here it shouldn’t be a problem.
"How many pups do you want?" It was such a random question but the size of Castiel's pack was much larger than Dean's. He could still feel Beckett's soft hand on his check and wondered when he would feel that with his own pup.
“I say this in the manliest way possible but for the love of god Cas don’t let me go!” Dean tensed again and his legs wobbled under him.
“Fine,” Money wasn’t an issue but he liked to haggle, he would pay a hundred-thousand for a specimen like that but Crowley didn’t need to know that. Stupid beta had no idea he was being played. A smile crept over Crowley’s lips and he tried to stand a little taller and seem a little more intimidating.
Dean waited anxiously for Castiel to push in, he bit the bottom of his lip. The only time Castiel didn't prep Dean was when Dean was in heat. So he was prepared for slight pain. But he wouldn't speak up he knew something was wrong with Cas and if all he could do was give himself over than he would.
Castiel rolled onto his back and closed his eyes until a shout from Dean disturbed him. He scrambled to sit up and saw Dean storm out of the bathroom pointing at his neck were a perfectly placed mating mark sat.
But it was always like this, his father never looked at him the same after that day. He was now a lesser person who needed to be prepared because to the public he was a toy, even a bag of cash. Just a breeder. So Dean felt he could still prove to his father he was as good as an alpha and pushed himself further.
Shrugging Dean went downstairs to find food. He couldn't hide from Castiel's family forever and if all they could do was shame him for being an omega...well
“Dean, are you alright?” Castiel asked, his voice truly worried and, why wouldn’t it be? His mate was acting like a damn cat during a lightning storm. Cas could feel the turmoil of emotions Dean had sloshing around in his mind, and Dean, knowing that, felt even worse. “You have been so distant these past few weeks, have I done something?” Instantly Dean felt sick, he hadn’t realized how much he had been effecting Cas. Well he had on some level but his mind seemed to block it out, he felt like he was in pure survival mode and he couldn’t shut it off. If he was an alpha he imagined having his alpha traits out  24/7. It wasn’t healthy and he was either going to suffer from a stomach ulcer or a brain aneurysm.
