"This is a mouthful, but here it goes. Cas, I love your messy hair. I love those bizarre eyes of yours and the way you stare at me with such wonder. I love how the first time I kissed you, you quoted Sylvia Plath. I love the breathy little sighs that escape your mouth when I'm kissing that sensitive spot on your shoulder. I love that you offered to draw my brother a birthday card. I love that you can wear fishnets and public and not give a shit. I love your mind, your wonderful, busy mind. I love the way you move. The way you speak. I love you, body, heart, and soul. I want you to know, no matter what happens, I would happily die for you a thousand times."
Cas turned to him. His face was still stunned, but the pain was gone from his face. He didn't say anything, just grabbed Dean and gave him a sloppy, disgusting kiss right on the mouth. He released him and then Dean heard something magical, Castiel was laughing. It wasn't a chuckle either. It was raucous, uncontrollable laughter. It was the first time he'd ever heard Castiel laugh like that, as an angel and as a human. It was absurd, and it also made Dean feel better about everything. It was the best sound he'd ever heard.
"So, it's almost Thanksgiving break." Jo said. "I cannot tell you how excited I am. I am so ready to be done with this semester. I have no idea why I am required to take a copy editing class as an advertising major."
If Dean could shake his head, he would. As it is, he punches the steering wheel and jams his foot to the floor, and Adam disappears into the rearview for just the briefest of seconds. Long enough for Dean to pull back to keep from slamming into the 00 of Victor. The last thing he needs right now is to crash, right when he’s so close to making it to the top of the points rankings. “Better second than dead,” Dean tells himself for the fifth time.
“You do.” He squeezes Dean’s hand one last time and lets go. Dean curls his fingers into his palm. “I know you don’t believe it, but you’re pure, good. Your heaven is waiting when the time comes.”
Angels are creatures of love. In a nanosecond, Castiel fell in love with him, and Dean watched it happen. With his every touch, every word, every lingering look, Castiel grew to love him, and the worst part—the most terrifying part—is that Dean loves him back. If Castiel stays by his side, if Castiel continues to watch over him—if Castiel touches him like he means something, then maybe this love can keep growing between them, with the same fierceness that Castiel pours into everything.
Castiel listens, his empty glass in his hand and heart in his throat. Because while Dean may not know all the notes, he can sing, his voice rich and carrying the words with ease. Donnie is right; if Dean ever wanted to pursue music professionally, it wouldn't be hard to find a label that might be interested in him, but only if Dean were interested himself. At the least, Dean wants to leave Lyle for good, and Castiel wants to take him anywhere but here.
For a moment, Castiel closes his eyes and breathes. He frees his arms from under the sheets and strokes up the inside of Dean’s thighs, over the thin fabric of his pajama pants. Heat surges; Dean bites back shame. “I think we met under strange circumstances,” Castiel muses. Leaning back on an elbow, he touches his fingers to Dean’s chin, tilting his face downward. “We kissed in front of a group of people, and you almost puked on my shoes.”
“Marriage is a solemn vow.” Castiel steps closer, drawing Dean into a kiss. “It’s a commitment, to devote yourself to the one you love, to be with them through the triumphs and hardships. I feel after all we’ve been through, we might as well be.”
In reality, the only one awake is the man he intends to see. Turning the knob, Dean steps inside and shuts the door behind him with barely a click. Castiel looks up from his paperback and dogears a page, setting it to the side. “Dean,” he mutters, his brow pinched. “It’s late.”
“No, Dean.” Castiel grabs his wrist. If he wanted, he could grind Dean’s bones until they splintered, but instead Castiel holds him still. “I didn’t—I don’t want this. Not for you, and not for anyone else. But I was under orders—”
For the first time in what feels like decades, he rests and holds Dean close, the swirling mass of his soul vibrating. Of all of humanity, Castiel has never seen such a vibrant soul, has never held someone so closely to his Grace. Wondrous, he thumbs across the bright light—and Dean wails, his cry tearing at his ears and gripping him where if he were human, a heart might reside.
Clothes help. Gingerly, he pulls on a pair of sweatpants and a ratty t-shirt, both smelling like his detergent and not like they’ve been disinfected too many times. Bracing a hand on the wall, he walks from the bathroom and crawls his way onto his mattress, still as firm as ever. From the other bed, Sam hits a series of buttons with the remote, bringing the television to a different input. From there, he brings up the YouTube app, and types in
Red flushes Castiel’s cheeks, beginning to spread to his ears, down his neck. “You’re beautiful,” he says. He places his thumb to Dean’s lip, and Dean kisses it, pressing the flat of his tongue to the digit. “What would you have me do?”
It’s hot—too hot, and all too much at once. Watching Castiel might as well be a sin, his body moving effortlessly as he shoves inside, again and again and
. The word hangs between them as it always has, a desire that Dean hasn’t been able to shake, ever since they met. Dean wants him, wholly, completely, and not only because Castiel is his first kiss with another man. Castiel is his friend, strangely enough, and treats him with kindness, something no one has ever afforded him. Sure, his friends are nice enough, but they don’t understand the one part of him that Castiel inherently gets.
Dean chuckles. “No, that’s—he’s been working on that for a while, but with demons. He’s found a way to mess with the traps. Instead of binding someone, it forces them to leave their vessels. He’s only talked about it, but I didn't think it actually worked.”
Whatever he’s doing, Dean can’t bring himself to complain. Gradually, Castiel’s Grace knits his skin back together, and he pulls off to cut Dean again, this time in a different spot, away from the bruise he’s created. His lips gleam red in the pale light, and they slide slickly against his throat, leaving behind purpled marks that Dean won’t be able to hide.
And best—or worst—of all, Castiel lets him. Nimble fingers take him by the hair, directing Dean where he wants him, and Dean goes without a word. Blue eyes watch him, and Dean looks right back as he laps up the precome that spills from his slit, tongue slipping beneath his foreskin to gather up what he can. Castiel throbs in his hand, and Dean closes his lips around the head.
With a single finger, he beckons Dean to sit up, and Dean complies, all he can think to do. Castiel undoes his tie with little effort, holding it in his hands for a long moment. Dean straddles Castiel’s waist, acutely aware of where his limbs are and how close Castiel is.
“You think I don’t know that?” Dean huffs, shoving the pedal harder. The engine revs, louder than the blood pounding in his ears, his breaths coming in quick bursts. “Get him off my ass, he’s been bumping me for the last ten laps.”
He takes Castiel’s fingers and presses them to his forehead. Fear creeps into Castiel’s stomach as he feels the indentations there, unevenly spaced scars that he can’t see, but can definitely feel.
“I had a dream we were under attack,” Sam says, sitting in one of the rocking chairs. “Bunch of… squirrels in the attic that’d learned how to talk. They were gonna sacrifice us to the overlord.”
“When I was a kid,” Dean says, breaking Castiel from his stupor. Around them, the smell of stewing vegetables wafts through the air; Bobby chats with someone on the phone in the other room, giving them privacy. “My mom always said angels were watching over me. But all parents say that, it’s just a bedtime story. Something to keep you from freaking out in the middle of the night when the storm’s about to come through your window.
“I was…” Dean starts, then shakes his head. He was in the wrong—they both were, but Dean can’t take it back. “I fucked up, Bobby. He said I couldn’t quit, ‘cause my career was on the line, and I… He said it was just a wreck.” Nothing is ever just a wreck. Wrecks involve G-forces and whiplash and concussions, and no matter how much padding and how many roll cages they put into the cars, nothing is ever truly safe. “I told him I’d fire him if I could.”
Sam makes his way through the halls and down the stairs, ending up on the tiled patio. The deer scatter at his presence, lingering at the edge of the woods and waiting for him to leave. Through the grass, he walks, ending up at Dean’s side. Dean snores, reeking of alcohol and the marsh, and Sam lifts him, dragging him to his feet. “Up you go,” he says, shaking Dean awake.
That, and Castiel’s slow, languid kisses, each growing fainter and fainter as Dean begins to drift. “I’d like to,” he says. “Would you?”
“Alright,” Dean whispers, gathering Castiel into his arms. He gets his arms up under Castiel’s knees and around his back, mindful of the place where his wings once grew. Lighter now, but still heavy, his body mostly muscle. Dean’s knees ache just holding him. “Rowena,” he announces. Calling her would probably be better, but getting his phone out of his pocket would require another hand. “I know we’re not exactly buddies, but I’m kinda in a bind?”
For a while, Castiel listens to sloshing water and Dean’s shivering breaths, and the uneven drip of the bathtub faucet. Steam fogs the mirror, billowing off the bathwater. And among it all, Dean leans against the wall, his knees bent above the water. Cleaned up, he doesn’t look as bad as Castiel expected, but the shallow impression of teeth marks mar his neck, still bleeding, but sluggish. He somehow managed to walk away without any broken bones, either.
The shop sits in the middle of a strip mall, in the shadow of a beachfront hotel. A neon OPEN sign hangs in the front window despite the hour, and inside, a group of girls chatter while they talk to a woman at the front desk. Tourists wander the streets as the sun disappears beyond the horizon, some heading for the beach, others trudging back to their hotels, sunburned and exhausted. Heat hangs thick in the air.
Dean is a man of many talents. So much so, that Castiel wonders why he’s still in Lyle, between the singing and the fact that he can grill steak to a perfect medium-well. Garth brought sides from the grocery store across town, and Castiel eats his fill of everything, even something involving chunks of fruit and marshmallows and too much sugar.
Thinking about it, he remembers the massive sign on the side of the building, and the woman at the front desk, with her blonde hair pulled back into a bun and her glasses permanently hanging halfway down her nose. Even then, she never batted an eye when he walked in. Probably for the best. Anonymity might as well be his middle name.
The warding fires on—and through the small window, Castiel and Dean watch him scream and burst into flame and ash. Black smoke juts upward in an attempt to escape, but the fan blades rotate faster, keeping him trapped while he burns to cinders.
“Really?” Dean scans the room and finds it hanging next to a machete, its blade broken in half and probably riddled with tetanus.
He waits for the traffic light to turn red before he jogs across the intersection, barely a car in sight. Purely because he can, he runs his fingers across the rear fender of the Chevrolet, steel warm from the sun. A spark of something rises to greet him. Impossible—cars aren’t sentient—but this one, he feels, knows him, understands him. “Hello,” he whispers and slides his hand up the gradual rise of the roof. She’s well-taken care of, as she should be.
“Well, here we are,” Dean announces, shuttering the engine. The Impala ticks long afterward, just as exhausted as Castiel feels. “Home sweet home.”
He follows Sam, watching him count his steps as they walk in a vertical line across the yard. Once Sam counts to twenty, they stop, finding only grass and dirt. “Maybe it’s buried,” Castiel says, which would make sense. So far as Dean can remember, the last person to actually live here was Bobby twenty years ago. The yard certainly looks like it, with grass nearly thigh high and flowering.
Castiel doesn’t respond. For a long minute, he just stares at Dean, his lips a thin line. Then, he pulls his phone from his pocket, thumbing through his apps until he finds what he’s looking for. “This is the only way you’ll understand,” he says, “because I can’t explain it to you. I’ve tried to wrap my head around it, but it still doesn’t make any sense.”
“I have shorts,” Castiel says in return. His hand creeps southward, landing atop Dean’s ass, where he squeezes. Dean bites back a shout, his previous arousal spiraling into existence. “I saw yours the other night.”
Sam rides Adam’s bumper for the first turn, then attempts to pass, only to have Adam swerve and cut him off. Again and again on the straightaway, Sam floors it, and the two go into the turn, Sam pulling down onto the inside line and scraping front fenders with Adam. But Adam is relentless, and Sam makes him work to keep his position. As the seconds go on, Sam claws his way closer, sometimes passing by the back wheel, others narrowly evading Adam riding his brakes to keep him behind.
“Yeah.” Another lie. Castiel resists the urge to sink to his knees and hide. “Unless something else comes up.”
“I don’t want to look like I’m pitying you,” Castiel mumbles. He taps his fingers to Dean’s heart, then pushes—
Sitting beside him, Castiel rests his hand, palm up, on the side of the tub. Sheepish, Dean takes it, the first willing touch he’s given in half an hour. “You exploded,” he says. “You fucking—exploded, what’s up with that?”
“What I’m going to suggest is tantamount to blasphemy,” Castiel says. “But it may be the only chance we have.” He rubs his palms across his slacks. “I’m committing myself to death if my superiors find out about it.”
. Not that Castiel was obligated in the first place, but being around Dean is… easy. Sometimes, Dean looks at him, and Castiel wishes he would never stop—wishes Dean would stay at his side for eternity, because losing him would be akin to losing his wings. In the infinitesimally short time span Castiel has known Dean, and for the first time, Castiel wants something so fiercely, so intensely, that he can barely comprehend how to process it.
“He’s got more to lose than you do right now,” Castiel reminds him. “If he doesn’t win this, he’s out of the chase. Don’t do anything stupid.”
Stepping back, Dean lifts his shirt, cautious of what he might find. What he does drags a groan from his throat. Though silvered and healed to the best of its ability, Dean bears the wounds of the beasts that dragged him southward, claws gutting him from beneath his pecs to past his waistline. How he missed it before, he can’t say; maybe the shock had something to do with it, or the fact that he could barely look at himself in the mirror for more than two seconds. With a shaking hand, he pets over the worst of the mess, a dark red patch over his hip where he suspects the first strike came. Touching it doesn't hurt—
“It’s not a necessity,” Castiel says and drops his hand. “I consider this my home as well, and I’d be more than willing to spend time here if the world didn't intend to keep me away.”
He crawls out of bed in nothing but his boxers and slips inside. Warmth and steam meet his skin, and the white noise of water reverberates off the walls. Dean’s voice is louder here, his words melodic, singing along to songs Castiel has only ever heard on the tape deck. He stops as soon as Castiel shuts the door, and his wet head peeks from around the curtain, hair sticking up at every angle.
“How bad is it?” Dean asks. Castiel looks down, but Dean tilts his head back up, a question in his eyes. “Cas, how bad is it?”
“You kidding?” Turning, Dean draws a foot up onto the bumper. “They’re wings, man. And they’re attached to you. What’s not great about that?”
Castiel shakes his head. “I fell asleep as soon as I stopped last night,” he says. “Whatever happened took place before then.”
“Yeah.” Sam pats his shoulder, giving him a squeeze. “You don’t have to explain it, Cas. Trust me, I… I get it.” His eyes soften, fond. “For what it’s worth, I think he’ll love it. Did he ever show you the one at Bobby’s place?”
Castiel’s weight returns to the bed, this time closer to Dean’s hip. So close, that Dean barely has to lift his hand to touch him, skirting his fingers up the back of Castiel’s shirt. “We don’t sing,” Castiel says through a sigh. “And we don’t play harps, contrary to popular opinion.”
Slow, Castiel strokes over the tattoo, feeling the softened ridges and the occasional scar underneath. Something sad crosses his eyes, so soft and tender. Anywhere else, and Dean would kiss his eyelids, just to hear him sigh. “When I held your soul all those years ago, you were so… fragile. I wanted to protect you, and I swore to myself that I would do everything in my power to keep you safe.” Castiel’s hand falls, coming to rest between them. “Little did I know then.”
He leaves the sanctuary of his car and locks the door behind him, stepping into the late-August heat. The inside of the store isn’t any better, with its air conditioner futilely plugging away. To his right, racks upon racks of women’s clothes sit on hangers, and throughout the rest of the store, aisles filled with non-perishables and homewares line the floor, with large blue designation signs hanging overhead. Castiel squints at the bright-white letters spelling
He could, but watching Dean drive is more enjoyable than anything else he’s experienced in a long while. That, and his wings ache, in a way Dean can’t help with and that only time will heal. “You can choose,” he says.
Castiel stands and offers Dean a hand. Taking it, he helps pull Dean to his feet, the two of them smudging the circle in the process. His clothes still lay on the ground. Somehow, that’s more interesting than looking Castiel in the eye, even when he palms Dean’s cheek. Blood stains his fingers.
It can’t be the same ring—but if it is, then he’s found a part of himself that has been missing for so long, a memory of a time where the world was simpler and he didn't bear the scars of battles he never wanted to fight.
Without any prior explanation, Hannah fits her hand over Castiel’s mark; Dean twitches but stays still, even when Hannah’s eyes begin to glow.
“Always,” Castiel says with a shy smile. “I still wonder about the implications. Stigmata are signs of faith, given to those that are worthy, but… we’ve both experienced the pain that they bring. You were a man lacking faith, and I’m a being possessed by light. What’s the common denominator?”
For a long few seconds, no one answers. A few more, and Castiel turns the knob to find the door unlocked and the room empty. Someone else is also living here, apparently, but said occupant is out, leaving Castiel to admire the room at his leisure. Two twin beds sit up against opposite walls, and a few posters sit on the occupied side of the room, mostly from concerts, a few of barely-clothed women off in a far corner. Two desks bracket a large fireplace, both with two monitors and chairs shoved underneath.
Dean’s jaw drops. “A witch?” he balks, and Sam blushes even redder. “Sammy, not only are you shacking up with a professor, but a
Dean wrinkles his nose. That explains the white hairs in the front seat, then. “You could’ve said something.” He takes Sonia into his arms, watching as she nestles her head into the crook of his elbow. “What were you gonna do, leave her outside?”
“Who knew Heaven was a politician’s wet dream,” Bobby adds. He drinks from the amber bottle in front of him, his plate already clean.
“It does.” Pushing off the dirt, Dean walks to Castiel’s side, taking him by his bicep. “Cas, I’m not gonna apologize. I did what I could to save you, and I know damn well you’d do the same for me. You’ve yanked my ass out of the fire more times than I can count, and you never gave me the chance to talk you out of it. This was my turn.” A gentle squeeze. Castiel shakes his head. “What’s more important, your wings or your life?”
. Dean opens his mouth just as Monica returns with their trays, depositing them on the table. “Dean,” she says, leaning her hand atop the table. She cocks a hip, and Dean plasters on his best smile. “Charlie said you weren’t doing too hot last night, you good?”
“You marked me,” Castiel says, astonished. How Dean managed to do that, he’ll never know, but it’s there, a tattoo to match his own. “You gave me part of your soul.”
“At one point, that was my consensus,” Castiel mutters. “You have to understand. I’ve never felt wanted before. I’ve never been told that I mattered, that I was… a friend. All you saw of me, all your brother and your family, all I was was the angel, the one who failed more than anything else. I couldn't… Even when it mattered, I could never do the right thing, and all I did was hurt you.”
Castiel doesn’t smile. Not right away, anyway, his façade cracking in the silence. “Yes and no,” he says, mirthful. “It’s sacred, yes, but not as an act of betrothal.” He dips his head down, his lips brushing Dean’s cheek. Dean hitches a breath, his eyelids fluttering. “Is this an excuse to touch me?”
Broad, strong hands take Dean’s wrists and pin them into the pillows—after that, all Dean knows is Castiel’s weight on him, in him, and that he never wants it to stop. Castiel starts out slow, pulling out before hilting, again and again. Each time, Dean gasps, shivers running up his spine, his cock straining for friction in his hand. He wants to come—has wanted it for the last few minutes—but giving in now would ruin the fun. Part of him suspects Castiel wouldn't care, given the way he moves, single-minded and enthralled.
“God.” Monica throws her head back, her blonde hair falling over her shoulders. “I told him not to get that rotgut from his brother. Pretty much half the party ended up bent over last night, and not in the fun way.” She ruffles his hair and leaves, her skirt flouncing as she walks.
At some point, Crowley breaks out a bottle of wine, the expensive kind that his parents still buy for special occasions, with a drawing of a chateau on the label. Either he has connections or a bulging wallet, but Castiel puts it aside. It’s good—too good, in fact, and by the time Dean makes it through half a glass, his ears are glowing.
Just like that—in those few words, Dean’s life might as well be over. All of the words left unsaid slip through his fingers, out of his grasp. The last words he ever heard Castiel speak were in a graveyard—and Dean might as well have buried him months ago, and he never said goodbye. “There’s gotta be something,” he croaks, burying his face in the cushions. He can’t look at her. If he tries, he might scream, or fight her, or break, like he’s always feared. “Some way to reverse it. Hell, call Crowley, he’d probably—”
. Still, it haunts him, and he finishes earlier than he intended, nearly leaving off the weekend’s reading assignment in his haste. He waits until the last student leaves, and proceeds to jog across the campus toward the faculty parking lot without catching anyone’s notice.
In haste, Dean nods. “Means we’re both terrified. Means… I don’t know, Cas. Yesterday, you decided to give up everything, and now we’re out here having an existential crisis. Are you sure you want this? Because we can get your Grace back, it’s—”
Time passes much differently on Earth. In the time it takes for him to close his eyes, Dean finishes his nightly routine and emerges from the bathroom. The light flicks off, and Castiel looks over, only to see Dean leaning against the doorway, his tattooed arms crossed over his clothed chest and his knees and thighs fully visible, scarred and bruised and all. His briefs are outlandishly patterned, and a heat rises to Castiel’s cheeks, fully aware that he’s staring.
“There’s not a ton of signals in town, so when it goes through neighborhoods, the driver just,” she stops to mimic slamming her hand on a horn. “Anyway. My mom’s a saint. She’s all about living your life how you want, and that’d be great if I wasn’t here.”
Squinting, Dean looks at the spot above Castiel’s head and finds nothing other than that stupid hat. “Just this thing,” he says and leans across the table, pulling it off his head. “Not supposed to wear these things indoors, man.”
. Rubbing the back of his neck, Dean looks anywhere other than Castiel. “Put a lot of thought into that, huh?” he says, his heart not in it to josh Castiel around. He stops by a booth selling jewelry and pokes at the rings. Castiel, meanwhile, tries on several bracelets, some made of smoothed gemstones, others from carved bits of wood. Behind the table, a disinterested eighteen-year-old swipes through videos on her phone, laughing every few seconds.
“You’re alright,” Castiel soothes, or tries. A small part of Dean suspected Castiel might take advantage, or force him into something he wasn't ready for; unfortunately, that part overrides all of his rational thoughts, even as Castiel tries to talk him down. He can’t breathe, can’t think, and Castiel is in bed with him… “Dean, do you want me to leave?”
Castiel nods and lies back, closing his eyes to the waning sun. “I’m teaching an intro to creative writing on Tuesdays and Thursdays.”
Jack shrugs and looks between them, his smile neutralizing. “I originally planned to let you live without any interference, but I feel… lonely, by myself. The angels are nice, but they’re not my family.”
Dean reaches up and pulls Castiel’s hand away. Gingerly, not nearly as roughly as he wants to. “And you’ve got no clue, right?”
Despite the want in Dean’s touch, he doesn’t press. Castiel wouldn't mind if he did, but being close to him is release enough, the tension snapped and their bodies given way to lust, to adoration. Castiel explores him with kisses, straddling Dean’s waist as he strokes across his chest, down the ladder of his ribs. He kisses every tattoo he finds—the tiger’s head, scripture, the rosary hanging around his neck—and laves his tongue across places he’s never been able to touch.
“Dean.” With a deep, suffering breath, Castiel looks up, his jaw set. “You know if I could, I would. But I can’t…” He stops, his eyes narrowed. “I
Castiel admires the photograph of a quilt roughly the size of his, overstuffed and incredibly aged, the entire piece stitched by hand. Whoever made it spent weeks, maybe even months stitching geometric shapes together, and eventually into the fabric itself, creating a massive spiral leading from the top left corner to the center.
A pool? Sitting up, Dean ignores the twinge in his spine and how the mattress sinks around his hands. So much for relaxing. But if they have a pool—“Where?”
“No.” Eyes shut, Castiel faces the ocean. “You’re more than capable of handling yourself. But I could be your… guardian, of sorts. I could watch over you.”
Officially, his class doesn't start until eight-fifteen, but if he knows anything, a few early birds always show up well before anyone is ready. Said early bird sneaks in without a sound, until he sets his books down. Looking up from his desk, Castiel glances around the room and the twenty desks, only to find Dean sitting in the back row, looking half-asleep and just as bewildered as when Castiel left thirty minutes before, his hair wild and his socks mismatched.
“Same difference.” Dean takes up the knife and slices across Castiel’s pec, lapping up the bright blue mess in its wake. A trembling hand comes to rest over the back of Dean’s head, urging him in, but Dean pulls back. “She’s gonna die anyway, it doesn’t matter who does it. What makes me any different?”
He must drift off, or doze. He wakes a while later, Dean still at his side with his phone in his hand. But his fingers move quickly, and the clouds on the horizon loom closer, darker in color. Whether Dean notices or not, he doesn't let it show. “Mom made lasagna,” Dean says, looking up from his screen. “Or, not really made it, she got one of those big boxes you put in the oven—Whatever. Point is, food.” He thumbs toward the kitchen, his smile struggling to meet his eyes.
Something sour curls Bobby’s lips, caught between anger and remorse. “You think we’d forget about you the minute you died?” He huffs, arms crossed. “Sam didn’t tell me where he buried you. I didn’t have anywhere to mourn you, or anything to remember you by except for the pen marks in that door over there.”
“Yeah,” Dean answers, automatic. His stomach has seen better days and his throat aches, but objectively, he’s okay. “Benny got a bad batch.”
Castiel nods. “I restored his body to the best of my ability,” he says, then pushes off the doorframe. Dean watches him as he walks over, a light flush painting his cheeks. “I figured it would be cruel to let him fight for his first breaths.”
Limbs shaking and heart racing a frantic rhythm, Dean sucks in air and tries to stay standing. Typically, the shame doesn't settle in until hours afterward, when he’s alone and can take the time to hate how good it feels. Looking down at his cock, he can’t help but hate himself. He should be on the road with Castiel, trying to figure out who murdered him over a year ago, not fondling himself all because he woke up with a warm body in his arms.
Bobby huffs, probably his version of a laugh. “Don’t trash my house,” he says, turning his back. “I locked up all my good whiskey in the attic.”
“I need someone to groom my wings,” Castiel says, his gaze falling to where the water meets Dean’s pecs. “I would myself, but I don’t have nearly enough hands, and as it is, I can only each what’s closest to me.”
“That’s the thing.” Standing straighter, Sam grips the countertop to steady himself. “I don’t know if he would. I know he’ll get better, and it’ll take time, but—whatever happened to him, it’s gotten into his head. He takes everything to heart, and I think when it gets too much, it just… breaks him.”
The place is familiar, but only from a life spent on the road. Sometimes, the demons played tricks on him, slapped him back into his childhood home or a motel, just to make him let his guard down. But never here. He never felt the sun on his skin, nor did he smell the dust on the windowsills or stale cupcakes still in their wrappers. Demons know nothing about liminalities or what air conditioning feels like on a hot day. Dean could always tell the difference between their vision and reality.
All of the air leaves Dean’s lungs in that one second, the full extent of his anguish washing over him, accompanied by such a dramatic relief that he can’t help but sob, held together solely by Castiel’s hands. And worst of all, Castiel joins him, peppering salt-laden kisses into his hair while he weeps, soundless, such a stark contrast to Dean. Always so different, yet everything Dean has ever wanted. Someone to listen to him, to support him—to love him, unconditionally and real, to the very depth of what makes Castiel an angel. Something so human embodied in something so holy, all because of Dean.
Later, after the driver’s interviews and sponsor photos, he’ll drive back to the hotel—the room he’s been sharing with Castiel all week, just like every other hotel across the country. Tomorrow, he’ll drive back to Kansas with Castiel in the passenger seat, and he’ll kiss him like he’s wanted to for years.
But Dean pushes him down with barely any effort. Part of him wants to cry, but exhaustion keeps him complacent, willing to do anything Dean asks of him. “Hey, hey,” Dean soothes. He wipes the corners of Castiel’s eyes, brushing away spilled tears. “You’re okay. Figured out what’s going on, but we don’t know why.”
The tears fall, finally. Dean ducks his head, ignoring them at first, then dabbing them away with his shirt collar. Castiel aches for him, to ease his pain, to ease the burden on his shoulders. A burden he’s always carried, for longer than any human should bear. “You shouldn't worry about me,” Dean mumbles. His chin wobbles, and he takes a moment to compose himself, his jaw set tight. “I’m doing just fine. I… I bought this place two years ago, fixed it up real nice. Sammy comes and visits, and Jody and Claire in the summer, and it’s…”
Reluctantly, Dean drops his hand. He turns and leans against the wall, arms folded, caught up in how small Castiel looks sitting there, in Dean’s borrowed clothes, his coat nowhere to be found. “I tried to save you, Cas,” Dean says, to which Castiel nods. “You gotta believe me.”
It’s good—great, actually, and hearing Castiel’s sighs keeps him motivated. For the most part, he familiarizes himself with Castiel’s cock and tests the waters, seeing how far he can go before he gags. Castiel likes pressure, and sighs as Dean tongues beneath his foreskin, drawing it between his lips. Each time, precome spills free, and Dean smears it between his fingers, using it to stroke whatever he can’t fit into his mouth.
the pain. “I was there. You saw it. Fucking—People have died in crashes like this, and you’re telling me it’s just a wreck? Cas.” He grabs the front of Castiel’s shirt with his good hand, yanking him closer. “Look at me and tell me this was just a wreck. Look at me.”
Gradually, Dean shovels down everything with copious amounts of water, barely bothering to taste it. Castiel doesn’t blame him. Instead, he leans close, brushing Dean’s shoulder as he watches whatever program Dean left the channel on, something about Kevin Costner owning a ranch. After he finishes, he hands Castiel the plate, and he leaves the room momentarily to take it to the kitchen.
Castiel looks down at the bag, sitting on the floorboards between their seats. “I’m trying to educate myself, somewhat,” he says. “I didn’t realize it until I was in middle school, that I wasn’t the same as my friends. Monetarily, I mean. I’ve been… extremely privileged throughout my life, and I’ve only seen my experience through the eyes of someone with wealth, with opportunities handed to me because of who I was. Being gay didn't hamper anyone’s perception of me except for my parents.”
Dean bites his lip—then speaks, the words coming out in a rush. “A few weeks after Sam went to college, dad left. He always left, he’d dump me at the first motel he could find and take the Impala, or he’d hotwire a car and be gone for a month. Point is, I was alone, and I kept getting these… headaches.”
Mary smiles and pats his bicep. “I still have all my travel guides from when we all went. Come with me, I’ll show you.”
. Dean holds back a laugh. “It’s fine, just—Should we be doing this? We don’t even know each other—”
Dean flushes—not from the incredible lack of incriminating photos, but because Castiel finds his life interesting enough to look through everything he’s taken a picture of over the last few months. Mostly sunrises, interspersed with pictures of bodies and documents. At some point, he started photographing motel rooms for the fun of it. Hopefully Castiel didn't find all of the pictures Dean snuck of him over the past few years—hopefully.
Looking ahead, Dean finds the sign for North Division Street. C&C Auto and Towing sits at the end of the road, trapped behind a barbed wire fence with dozens of cars inside, all in various states of disrepair. Dean’s stomach sinks. His baby’s in there, but who knows where she is, or what state Sam left her in.
“You sure going east is a good idea?” Dean asks, later, standing beside Sam’s Taurus. From the porch, Castiel watches them talk. This isn’t his place to interject. Sam suffered through mourning his brother, and Dean convinced himself that Sam left for good. “Pretty sure Panama City’s better to chill out for the summer.”
“You’re like a big cat,” Dean teases, drawing away. His touch lingers. Castiel follows him, crowding Dean up against the tile wall, where Dean appraises him, a lip between his teeth. “Something on your mind, Cas?”
“But you won’t.” Castiel’s palm glows brighter as he closes his fist, the gaps between his fingers filled with light. “You won’t drain me, and I won’t die.”
“Question of the year,” Dean huffs. He finishes his task and sets the mold to the side, once again taking up his knife. “Me and Cas’ve been trying to figure that out for days, but no dice. And now, all we’ve figured out is that Hell’s got a price on my head, and we got attacked by werepires.”
“My name is Anyika,” she explains, motioning toward a chair. Dean takes it, fear spiking his heart rate. Sam didn't bring him to a psychic—Sam brought him to a high priestess. “I don’t normally speak to hunters.”
“’Cause my name’s on one of them.” Sitting up, Dean attempts to straighten his spine, anything to not look Sam in the eye. “And I found Cas a few miles from there”—more like a hundred feet, but same difference—“and it’s nice. I mean, really nice, with windows and everything. All we’d have to do is pack up and go, and it’s there. No strings attached.”
Dean huffs. Idly, he runs his fingers through the flame, only to feel it shudder. “You couldn’t just take me with you?”
Castiel’s sigh deflates his chest, and only after the fact does he bother to breathe again. “I’m not human, Dean,” Castiel starts. Not exactly the best way to begin a conversation, but at least he’s talking. “When I was brought back years ago, I inherited my own vessel, and that included my own genitalia.”
Objectively, he’s attractive, with short-cropped hair and brown eyes, and a bright red flannel pullover covering a plain black shirt. Dean talks to him about something mundane; in the interim, Castiel drinks—probably too quickly, considering the sound he makes after he downs his shot. “Whoa, buddy,” Dean laughs and pats his shoulder. Platonic, friendly—Castiel can’t breathe, his throat fighting the burn. “That’s the good stuff, you gotta savor it.”
No, because Castiel sits next to him in bed, dressed down to his undershirt and slacks and utterly too close to do anything but unnerve. No movement, no breath, no noise. All of it leaves Dean waiting for the inevitable, for Castiel to say that he’s leaving, for it to all be a ruse, a trick of his imagination.
“But I’m not an—Dude.” Half-awake, Dean sits up straighter, despite his body screaming at him to stay still, to
“Even if it were possible.” Castiel ventures closer, hands in his coat pockets. “Even if we were bound long before I laid a hand on you, why are you scared?”
She doesn’t need to ask. Nodding, Castiel slides back under the covers. “Yes, ma’am,” he mutters and closes his eyes. Wingbeats mark her exit, the last thing Castiel hears until the morning comes.
“We’ve tried them.” Sam shakes his head, and the woman loosens her shoulders, just barely. “They don’t… understand. A place in Jacksonville tried to commit him for insanity, and I had to sneak him out in the middle of the night. Please—”
Horror widens her eyes. Whatever Martha sees, Dean doesn’t know, but she practically cowers. If she were wearing something modest, she might have knelt in the dirt. “So you’re the one who laid waste to an entire army,” she growls, shaky. “Those were good men, angel, and you slaughtered them.”
“Screw your plan,” Dean says. He clenches his fist, and the light snaps, sending the candles aflame one last time before they snuff out. Lilith collapses with a gurgle, her body sprawled out in a puddle. Her skin breaks down the moment she fades, leaving behind a dirtied dress and a pile of ash in her wake.
Once inside, Sam directs Dean to the downstairs half-bath, toeing the door open. He sets Dean in front of the toilet, and barely has time to grab a rag from the under-sink counter before Dean lurches and empties his stomach with one of the most horrific noises Sam has ever heard. He overshadows the noise by turning on the faucet, wetting the washcloth. After Dean finishes, he shuts off the tap. Dean flushes—somehow—and Sam drapes the rag over the back of his neck.
His heart swells, torn between overjoyed and aching. “Not just racing, man.” He pulls away, far enough to look into Castiel’s eyes. “I want… I want you here, y’know, if you’ll… If you’ll have me.”
In the daylight, the house is beautiful, really. All over the country, Bobby once kept a log of all of the safehouses, with this one being low on the list. So low, that for years, Dean wondered if it ever existed. A three-bedroom farmhouse in the middle of nowhere Georgia, painted white with a black-shingled roof, two chimneys, and a massive dormer on the second floor. Supposedly, Bobby instructed hunters to set up a library here, but whether or not they did is something Dean intends to find out later.
“You really didn’t,” Dean laughs, panic-stricken. Sucking in a breath, he ducks his head, seeking the comfort that Castiel’s neck provides. Castiel holds him in place, cupping his jaw. “Cas, I can’t—You know, man. You gotta know—”
“Still doesn’t explain how you ended up passed out in the garage. Look.” Leaning up on an elbow, Dean pets along the hard line of Castiel’s jaw. “I don't care, alright? About the marks or any of it. All I know is that you’re alive, and you aren’t bleeding in my bed.”
Castiel follows, enamored with Dean’s words and wants, and wonders if Jack can truly change the face of Heaven as they know it. Certainly, he hopes so, for Dean’s sake.
“You've gotta believe me, man.” Dean shudders. An idea crosses his mind. Quickly, he jerks up his shirt sleeve and grabs Castiel’s wrist, pressing Castiel’s palm to the silvered mark branded into his shoulder. But nothing happens—that, more than anything, breaks Dean’s heart that last final inch. “Don’t do this to me. We had time, we had…”
Sighing, Dean bows his head. Castiel has bled for him, suffered for him, died for him—the least Dean can do is this. “Okay,” he agrees. “Yeah, Cas.”
An hour passes in silence, the heavy weight of Castiel’s thoughts permeating the stale air of the Impala. Dean dozes in the interim, his temple to the window and his hands in his lap. The world fades for a few blissful minutes, his dreams dark and formless—until Castiel shifts, and Dean opens an eye.
Dean bites his lip, gnawing back at the agony welling in his chest, the absolute urge to throw his fists and hope they land somewhere soft. “You knew,” he starts again, his voice trembling. “And you tried to tell me, Cas, I know you did. But that don’t make it right. You—We were so close, and he’s—”
But someone else beat him to it. Said someone sits on the top step, head in his hands and a backpack between his knees. Dean would recognize that back anywhere. “Hey,” he whispers, watching Castiel lift his head. Quiet, he slides into the spot next to him, setting his bag down on the bottom step. Castiel wishes him a good morning with a nod. Dark circles mar the skin under his eyes, and stubble grows in thick across his jaw, peppering beneath his nose. “You look like shit, man.”
He finds the lake later in the day, a few dozen feet from the collapsed wreckage of the barn. It sits in the middle of a thicket of trees, wide enough to maybe row a canoe in and swim come summertime, and to fish, most importantly.
But Mary finishes for him. “I filed a police report last night. His father attacked him, and I spent all morning calling Dean, but he never answered.”
“Dean.” Castiel presses his thumb to Dean’s lips. Dean’s eyelids flutter, a sigh pouring from his mouth. “Dean…”
Steadily, the first hints of the sun’s rays peek over the horizon, illuminating a shadow looming by the bannister. Castiel’s heart swells, his mouth gone dry. Steeling his nerves, he pushes up off the couch and ambles outside, into the early morning air. A pleasant chill greets him, strange compared to yesterday’s heat. Yet, he embraces it, and the gentle press of a shoulder against his own, gravitating into his orbit.
“No, that’s…” Dean places his hands on the lip of the dryer, tapping his fingers against the metal. “Look. It’s convenient, right? Most of our cases are in that area, and we save time on travel. If we moved here, it’d be two day drives wherever we go—”
Castiel swallows. “What is my worth to you?” he asks. Dean’s smile falters, his lips parted. “I used to be a soldier. I commanded armies, I slaughtered hordes of demons in my fight to raise you from perdition. But now, I… I’m experiencing human things. I’m hungry, and cold, and I find myself aching for things I never thought I would. And these marks are reminders of how far I’ve fallen.” Flipping his hands over, he looks down at his palms, where the marks heal ever so slowly. “I’m not the man you once knew, Dean. And if I can’t prove myself to you as an angel, I’m afraid that… I don’t know who I’m becoming.”
“Dean,” Castiel moans, edging closer. A coil tightens in his gut and sinks lower, so reminiscent of last night when he couldn't control himself, couldn't get enough. If the hitch in Dean’s breath is any indication, then he’s close as well. The hand in his wing doesn’t help matters, Dean’s touch sending shivers down his spine and spiraling south. “
And outside, Dean finds Castiel feeding a black-and-white kitten, maybe a year old at the most, with bright orange eyes and a tail longer than its body. She
“I’m only here for a semester,” Castiel says. He offers a hand, and the bartender takes it, his grip strong. “Castiel.”
Before Dean can finish his sentence, a resounding rush filters through the room, accompanied by wingbeats and scattered feathers. Dean glances toward the door and finds a man standing there, dressed in an ill-fitting suit and a tan raincoat, a matching Stetson covering most of his brown hair. Removing the hat, he tucks it under his arm, blue eyes set on Dean. Dean saw that same blue what feels like days ago, in another lifetime. Still the same hard cheekbones, the same solid jaw—but a fresh wound to his temple, about three inches long and festering red.
Nothing for Sam to murder. Dean did the deed himself, and even with the threat gone, he still feels cold.
“Did no one ever teach you patience?” Castiel chuckles. Hands come to rest around Dean’s hips, guiding in that last inch; Dean whines, clamping his fingers around the base of his cock. Too full, a wider stretch than he anticipated, and he still wants more. “I don’t plan on hurting you.”
"Really. I know you don't believe me, but I've told you, time and time again, I'm not going to break. I've been through too much to let a few nasty comments from my drunken boyfriend send me over the edge."
"You've been here for five years. You haven't been home in two years. You can't claim sainthood forever, Dean."
"It's not admirable to be a busboy." Sam said, his voice dry. "It's easy money and there aren't many places I can get a job."
It was in the evening, five or six hours before midnight and they were standing in Jo's bedroom, staring at Charlie's right thigh. Charlie was outrageous and Dean was used to it. He thought he was so used to it, that she would never shock him again. He was wrong.
Castiel turned pink and Dean just laughs, leaning in and giving him a big kiss on the cheek. "Best surprise ever."
He shook his head. "I'm not being facetious. I'm serious. I've never really had a family. At least not when it counted. Being here in your home, getting to know you and Sam, it has been a joy. I was so nervous to meet you all, so nervous you'd think I was a freak, because well, I am, but you have made me feel so welcome."
"Jo! Sick!" Ash said. "You know I only go out there to smoke—" Ash stopped before he finished the sentence, realizing he had just outed himself.
Returning to Plainville, for the first time pretty much ever, was bittersweet. Dean missed his family with an ache he hadn't felt in years. Castiel mentioned that he missed Dean's family as well as they pulled the Impala (thank God he had her back) into the parking lot of Cas's apartment complex. Castiel missing them made Dean miss them even more.
Dean blinked. The question seemed totally out of left field, especially since he thought Cas was more comfortable tonight than he had been since he had first met him.
"Portland's cool." Ash said. "I visited Jo during sibs weekend her sophomore year and we spent some time there."
"Okay everyone! We are 'LARP and the Real Girl' and I'm your hostess for the night, Magenta! Everyone give a big hand for our very own sweet transvestite, Gabe for hosting this beautiful gig!" She cried.
"I never had that. Any of that. I was moved so often, that any lasting relationships I could have formed were cut off at the bud. I never had a fort. I never had friends who were 'soulmates.' I never had anyone who referred to me as making their life worth living." Castiel said.
He came back out and sat down at the table. "So, last night you said there was something you needed to do this morning?"
When Dean and Castiel finished telling Sam about all that had happened in the short four months he was gone, Dean was afraid he might have done his brother in, yet again. He was staring at them in open-mouthed shock.
in days. Castiel pulled away though and continued. "A few days ago you asked me something and I didn't think it was appropriate to bring it up until now. You asked me if I could come with you. To school, I mean. To wherever you go to school."
"Just because I don't like the equipment doesn't mean I can't appreciate beauty. I can appreciate art. This boy is a piece of art." Charlie said, licking her lips and winking suggestively at Jo, who in turn just stuck her tongue out at Charlie.
Dean thought about where he was, trying to get clarity on his situation. He was in some unknown motel room with an angel who had rebelled against Heaven, turned human, gotten killed, been restored, but not into a human, but not quite into an angel, and his brother was in Hell, his parents were dead, and now something else wanted to kill him and his guardian angel was clueless. A clueless angel who couldn't teleport and was scared of driving a car was almost as useless as a broken man with no will to live.
"Their defeat of the evil robots seemed impossible, because they can't fight. They're basically giant teddy bears, only existing to be 'adorable' so bandwagon fans have something to coo over."
When Sam had first started displaying symptoms, hearing the voice of Ruby, his 'demon temptress', convinced he could kill demons with his mind, convinced that everyone around him was possessed, Mary Winchester hadn't been able to handle it. She had run away to Ohio to live with her sister. She told her sister that Sam and Dean's father had been hitting her and she was finally getting away from him. While she was gone, Sam was diagnosed and Dean deferred college and got a job at a factory to support him and to pay for his medications. When she came back five months later, she and Dean had settled into a routine caring for Sam. Three years later, convinced Sam was well enough for Mary and his doctors to handle, Dean had left too.
Dean chuckled at the visual and at Castiel's lame attempt at flirting. "We could try that. Since you're edible and all." He kissed him again to prove his point.
"Social fucking theory isn't keeping me in this school for another semester." Dean said, staring at his feet. "So, that's why you need to help me, at least once a week. Until I get my D."
After the kiss, Castiel had clearly been stunned, but to Dean's surprise, he didn't say much about it. He had stuck around for another 15 minutes. Dean told him more about Sam and the other man eluded more to his own issues with mental illness. Then Jo called and said she was leaving work early. Castiel had left before she had arrived, citing a pile of papers to grade, and had left without a word.
“Shh.” Another kiss, and Dean melts against him, falling forward. “I’m not him, Dean. If you don’t like it, I’ll stop. Just let me know, okay?”
But Castiel shakes his head. He pulls his shirt off with a visible wince and sits, his back facing Dean. His
Castiel stares out the kitchen window, at the fully set sun and the lone tree bowing in the breeze. “I’d hate to have to die.”
A low growl emanates from Castiel’s throat. “If you want this,” he says, pitching deeper, “the eggs won’t catch. You’ll have to push them out.”
. “Well, well,” she says with a bourbon-rough voice. She lets her coat sag around her shoulders, pure white with a fur shawl made of a whole mink, face and all. The only thing she’s wearing, besides a slinky black dress that barely meets her knees. “To whom do I owe the pleasure today, boys? You’re both incredibly handsome, I’m sure we can work something out that’s mutually beneficial for all of us.”
Lightly, the wind blows, rustling the oak’s drooping leaves. Dean steps out of the car and heads for the front door, and Castiel trails after, his notebook left in the passenger seat. Neither of them bother to close their doors; Castiel suspects this far from town, no one will miss them, not for a while.
“Nah.” Dean pats the Impala’s dashboard, smoothing his fingertips over the worn plastic. “Haven’t gotten to drive her this far before, figure I’d break her in. How about that?”
him, and not exclusively as a friend. “You’re sure?” he asks, watching Dean nod. “How long have you…”
A shuddering breath rips its way from Castiel’s lungs, sounding eerily like a rattle—Dean rallies to him, mindless, and checks his face, looking for any sign of life. Nothing comes, save for a shallow breath, maybe once a minute, maybe two. The runes make sense, if someone attempted to bind his Grace, but how he’s survived this long might as well be a miracle.
Sam sniffles, face turned away. “It just… It happened so fast,” he starts, knuckles to his lips. “You were still breathing in the car, but you just—you were in pain, and you… I heard you die. I’d just gotten to town, but you…” He stops to wipe his eyes. As much as Dean doesn’t want to hear this, Sam needs to speak—needs to get the horror off of his chest, needs to talk about his trauma with someone who understands. Someone who was there. “I took you out to this little—It looked like one we visited as kids, with the two pumps and the little service station.
Dean slams the trunk closed, then leans against the bumper, his arms crossed. “Nothing short of thinking about calling some people,” he says, rubbing the bridge of his nose. “My uncle—well, he’s not really my uncle, but he might as well be blood—lives up in South Dakota. Figured we could stay with him for a while, ‘s probably cheaper than bumming around in motels.”
Castiel stands and removes his hat, followed by his coat. He tosses both tosses onto the couch, along with his suit jacket. Why he wears any of it, Dean has no clue. Sometimes, he looks at Castiel and wonders how he got sidled with the one angel that never upgraded his wardrobe once trench coats went out of fashion. “I feel that with you alive, their priorities have significantly slowed.”
“Meaning, whoever killed you didn’t finish their research.” Approaching the table, Naomi takes Dean’s chin in hand, tilting his face from side to side. “Castiel, I want you to continue watching him. We’ll continue our investigation, but don’t lose sight of him. Do you understand?”
Donnie laughs. “Gotta make it through finals somehow. Hey,” he stops to thumb toward the stage, where the woman threatens to take her top off unless someone stops her. No one does. “You still wanna play tonight?”
Castiel finds Dean walking not too far from the bunker, hands shoved in his coat pockets and collar pulled up to shield his neck. A bitter breeze bites through the streets of Lebanon, autumn quickly changing to winter before the last of the leaves can even fall. For a few minutes, Castiel simply follows behind at a distance, too entranced with watching Dean walk to disturb him. Normally, Dean is antsy, always glancing at his surroundings, even if he never quite moves his head; his eyes always move, observing, his body just as tense, poised to run at any given moment.
Suddenly, the woman changes into a serpent, and manages to escape Dean's hold. But before she can go further Sam smashes his big feet on her head. Green blood pools beneath his feet.
"How can I? Your too fucking sexy for someone to give up." The voice was low and the reason for his hauntings on the dance floor.
"You know, not a lot of people have balls to mock me," Dean says sitting on the left side of Cas, he exhales closing the distance between them. Licking his lips Dean lets out a short puff of warm breath on the omega's neck, loving the sweet aroma coming off of Cas.
"Piss off" Cas crosses his arms over his chest, scowling. He wanted to lash out, but on his mind he had also known that he obviously couldn't win against the woman. And who the hell she thinks she is? If Dean wants him to go, then who is she to argue? Even though he isn't sure where they are going and even if they are, he is not going anywhere with these people.
Dean laughed throwing his head back, a deep sound that made Cas melt on the floor. The man held out his hand to help him stand "Don't worry I will get you an Ice-cream."
Cas screams flailing on Dean's shoulder "Heyy, you...you...Assbutt, put me down." he hits Dean on his back when Dean mocks his cursing skills. The wind is flapping his skirt sending shivers on his skin while Dean is getting tired of all kicking and scrambling he is doing, he slaps Castiel's ass making him squeal astounded, turning bright red when he feels induced by the action.
Cas stares out of the window, the sky is grey like the day of Apocalypse waiting to pour down destructions. He has just came back from shopping and on the way he saw a pregnant woman being helped by husband, his heart ached for that.
Bile rose in his throat at Dean's mocking tone, he turned towards Gabe who was trying to scramble towards the bloody couple on the floor. He has to do this, for his Kingdom, for their unborn kin, for Michael, for Lucifer.
The mention of his condition makes Cas more angrier than ever, first this man kidnapped him and then he sedated him and then he have all the freaking information about
He felt Cas blink rapidly and smile. "I never…" he started. Then he started over because he knew that it pissed Dean off when he said
Cas sighed a little bit. "I won't lie. I love this town. I like my job. But I don't want to teach, not forever. I'm good at it, but it's not a career for me. Plus, being an adjunct isn't the greatest gig in the world. The pay sucks, I have to buy my own health insurance and there isn't much stability. I think it's time for me to move on to the next thing."
Dean's face turned red. Castiel was really, really fucking loud. Dean kept forgetting that he was sharing this house with other people. This was the second or third time they'd woken Sam up. He was pretty sure that his younger brother would never let him forget it.
"I love Halloween." Castiel said, watching Michael Myers stab a woman around their age in the heart.
"He tried to make cupcakes for Charlie's 22nd birthday." Jo said. "Somehow they came out mostly uncooked. I mean burning food I can understand… but under cooked cupcakes? Blech."
He sat up immediately. He reached over and turned on the light next to his bed. Castiel was standing next to the bed, his hair a rumpled mess, his face worried and upset. He was holding Dean's cell phone.
Cas dropped him on the floor. "You are selfish, self-loathing and have no respect for me whatsoever, do you Dean Winchester?" He growled again. "I brought you back from Hell, gave up Heaven for you, and was torn apart by Lucifer for you, yet nothing matters to you but your pathetic need to self destruct."
"It's very common in cities near large water sources and with many highways. Easier transport. Recently, more victims have been turning up in Seattle. Also, did you know that in the state of Washington, a minor can be charged with solicitation? Did you know that the sentences for these minors is often harsher than what their victimizers receive?" Castiel asked.
"Jo, I love how, even here, you're showing up at my house unannounced at the worst times." He said, sending her a tight smile.
"It's a part of the Dean Winchester package. Stick with me and you'll get to reap all of the benefits." Dean said, smiling at him.
Dean set the dishes down and turned to Castiel. "What about all that stuff you said about blood yesterday?"
The man stands up and dusts himself off, his eyes not once leaving Dean. He's about three inches shorter than Dean, with a gaunt figure lost in a baggy trench coat. He brushes some invisible grass off himself and self consciously cards a hand through unkempt brown hair.
"What about those paintings? The ones you shredded? What were those all about? I liked them." Dean said.
"Dean, you are truly one of the biggest idiots I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. You're impatient, you kill before you think, you see only in black and white, and you think that it is your job to save everyone around you." Cas said.
Castiel, of course, was standing right behind him, watching him retch. When it was all out, he felt him reach over and hesitantly rub his back.
Castiel was perched next to him, looking straight down at his face. He looked slightly confused, but not embarrassed like Dean was. Dean took a closer look at his face. Cas did look exhausted. The rings around his eyes were now a deep purple, as if he had been punched repeatedly. He really did need sleep.
Dean shrugged. "It's not important to me right now. What's important is graduating, starting my career, Jo and Charlie and somehow making sure my brother doesn't go bat shit again from 2000 miles away." He said, almost too casually.
"Hundreds upon hundreds. I hate to tell you that. The battle… it was never-ending. It was a civil war in Heaven. You see now why we never came when you prayed. Some of us wanted to, especially Mariel, and of course, me, but we could not. If we left, we might not be able to get back. And we couldn't stop fighting." Balthazar said gravely, finally being serious.
Cas referred to an angel that lost his or her "abilities" as falling. Cas had been falling the second he had rebelled against Heaven. Bit by bit, he had weakened, but most of abilities had been intact in one way or another. This wasn't the case now. Cas had been brought back from the dead as a semblance of angel, but now, everything that had made him an angel was fading, and it was fading fast. He could no longer teleport. He couldn't heal. He hadn't tried, but he knew Cas couldn't bend time or kill demons anymore. Dean hadn't seen Castiel's wings, but he was pretty sure Cas didn't have those either. Those hallmarks of the divine were no longer a part of Cas. Not to mention that Cas was developing human needs and emotions. He needed sleep and food now. For all Dean knew, he also needed to drink water and use the bathroom. Day by day, Cas was becoming more and more human.
The man shakes his head. "No worries, I was just doodling." He said, looking down for the first time during the entire exchange.
"In Oregon, it's cool to be gay you know. Especially if you're a hot chick. One reason I never want to leave." Jo said, grinning at Charlie.
and came over to the armchair where Dean was seated with his whiskey and his useless books and spirit board and picked him up by his throat. Dean gasped, dropping the bottle the floor while he choked for air.
Castiel gasps in pain and jumps backward. He looks down at his arm and can see the faintest hint of grace leaking out. He stares at the copy, taking in its furrowed brow, the stormy green of his eyes, looking exactly how Dean looks during a hunt. Except now, he is hunting Castiel. It is one of his worst nightmares come true.
"Oh god, baby, you didn't do anything. You are so fucking perfect." He said hoarsely, kissing him again, not wanting to stop.
Castiel had never made a huge deal about him seeing his art before. He had actually gone through Castiel's sketchbooks a few times when he was at the apartment by himself or when Castiel was sleeping.
They ate, but Cas ate like a bird, picking at the chicken, peeling the fried part off and eating it slowly. He drank the coke in small slurps, his eyes widening every time the carbonated sugar hit his tongue. Dean finished his food in 5 minutes. It took Cas 25 minutes to eat his. When he was finally done, Dean looked at him expectantly.
"As best he can, Castiel. It won't be an easy road for Sammy. He's been through more than any of us can imagine. I only wish I had been able to help you get him out sooner." Balthazar said, admitting to just the slightest amount of wrongdoing.
"No, Dean. Don't come. Stay. I'm just grateful you'll be here for Christmas. I just wanted to tell you. Go back to sleep honey. Sam will be fine. I'll call you tomorrow to update you. He's sedated for now and we won't know anything until at least late tomorrow morning." She said.
"Drop it, Cas." Jo advised. She glanced at Dean. "Sorry for bringing it up." She said, with actual sincerity.
"Aw, Cas. That is like, I don't know, the sweetest thing anyone has ever said to me. You seriously have a way of making me feel so much better than I really am. Thank you." He said.
Dean glanced over at Cas, who was still wearing the trench coat. Gabe was a huge personality and he also hit on every woman that moved, even if they weren't of his sexual orientation. Dean knew that he was exactly the kind of person who made Castiel uncomfortable. Dean hadn't warned him that most people they would be coming into contact with tonight were like that. Charlie's large group of friends was very flamboyant. Following Castiel's lead, Dean left his coat and jeans on. He hadn't been been planning on stripping down until he had a few drinks in his system anyway.
"My life… well, it has not been easy. Remember I said a lot of terrible things happened to me when I was a kid? Well, they did, and these things have stuck with me. They've fucked me up." Castiel said thickly, his voice on the verge of breaking.
"So, Jo. You have class, right? Want me to walk you?" He asked, shooting a glare at Charlie, which she missed in her rapture over finding a Melt Banana fan.
Dean tried to get up, but he couldn't. Physically and emotionally, he was pinned to the ground. He put one shaking hand to his face, feeling golf ball sized lumps forming where an archangel had punched him repeatedly. The blood coming from his cuts and bruises was hot and sticky. He realized that he couldn't see out of one eye and his head throbbed and things were fuzzy. He couldn't really comprehend where he was. He didn't know if this was because of what had just happened or if it was because he was concussed. He lay on the ground and stared at the sky, which was grey, cloudy and absent of any birds or light.
Cas sauntered up to him in the store, his arms filled with bottles of red wine and cans of food. "I believe we will need sustenance when we arrive at Bobby's, so I purchased these." He announced. "Do you enjoy canned Vienna sausage?"
"So I should let them out of the cage out of the goodness of my heart?" Crowley said. "Oh come on, Castiel! You can do better than that!"
"What about Sammy? Will Gabriel be able to help him forget?" Dean asked. He had wanted Sam back so badly that he hadn't thought too much about what the experience would do to him when he was back.
"Of course I can, Dean-o. It won't be easy, but after all, I am the King of Hell! I have been waiting for you to ask me. I was just going to tell you no, simply for the look on your face, but then I saw that you'd brought me a present. An exchange! Oh, how exciting. I haven't made a deal in so long." He said.
Dean lay on the hood of the Impala for awhile, wishing he were dead too. He had a gun. It wouldn't be hard to end it now. Hell, he'd welcome it. Except he wasn't sure where he'd go. He'd just averted the apocalypse, but the apocalypse had been the angels' plan all along, so there was a chance he'd never make it into heaven. If he went to Hell, at least he'd be with Sammy. Granted he wouldn't be in a circle of Hell near Lucifer's cage, but at least they'd share the same zip code. Bobby would be in heaven. His mom was in heaven. His dad probably was too. For a moment, he wished he could go there, be with them, safe, warm and surrounded by family. But then he'd have to live an eternity without Sam. He thought about Cas. He wasn't sure where fallen angels who turned human and then were exploded into a sea of guts by Lucifer went.
To Dean's surprise, Cas leaned in and placed a long kiss on his lips. It was far tenderer than what he had experienced in the kitchen the hour before.
Castiel just nodded and didn't answer. They arrived at the door and went inside. Dean was dying to know what the two of them discussed.
"You really have become a pessimist in your new skin, Castiel. Also, you hardly look like you're enjoying yourselves." Gabriel said. "Sit up. Quit slobbering all over each other. I can't stand it."
"When have you…? Were some of your foster brothers and sisters schizophrenic?" Dean asked, knowing immediately it was a stupid question, sure the confusion was etched on
Dean almost rolled his eyes, but then he remembered that Cas had never slept. The concept was probably absurd to him. The way that he had phrased it, Dean suddenly was aware of how strange the idea of sleeping was when you thought about it in literal terms.
Cas looked at him soberly. "Dean… by the time I came back… by the time I was me again, Bobby was gone. His body I mean… I searched for it, I even tried to see if I could still sense him… but there was nothing. Bobby is dead and I don't know where his body is or what took it."
"You don't need to pretend to be anyone but Cas in a French maid uniform or something. You are perfect just the way you are."
Mary recoiled as if Dean were the one hitting her. Sam's face darkened and he lowered his head into his palms. Castiel, who was sitting next to him, visibly tightened up and drew his mouth into a taut line. His mother's eyes filled with tears and she stood up and bolted out of the room. They heard the front door slam.
"No, no it's not. You don't understand. That law may have saved my life. Not that I have any clue about why she'd do it in the first place. If my grandmother was still alive… I would know by now, but unfortunately, she's not, so I don't know. I'll probably never know."
"Castiel and I might be crazy, but you're the weird one, Dean. You have a martyr complex, yet you also tend to flee. That's has to eat you up inside."
"Issues? Me?" Dean said, raising an eyebrow. "I don't know what I want to hear about first. Both so juicy." He threw himself on the couch, exhausted after the goodbyes, the plane ride, and the drive. Mostly exhausted by the plane ride though. He didn't like flying.
Gabriel ambled over to the loveseat and sat down. He bent forward, face cupped in his hands, suddenly looking much more serious.
"Fine." Cas mumbled. "Anyway, we actually have most of the ingredients here. We'll need a lot of space, a very sturdy Devil's Trap, and well, blood. Your blood."
"Just a little. Nothing like you were last night, but I feel warm and content and I just want to go to bed." Cas admitted.
Dean chuckled. How was it that Castiel, who by all accounts, was a functioning member of society, more awkward than his batshit brother?
"That's my cell phone number. I'm never in my office. You can email me too. I'll check my calendar and we can set something up." Castiel said, running a hand through his hair again, his eyes darting back and forth, like he was doing something illicit.
Castiel sat there for a moment, silent. They watched the ocean, so far away, but still almost close enough to touch. Dean was trying so hard to be there for him, trying so hard to understand why Castiel was clinging so tightly to him, while also pushing him away. Dean wanted to run toward the ocean, dive into the waves, which would cleanse him of Sam's disease, Castiel's pain, and his own constant need to escape.
"Why do you sleep like that?" Cas asked, right into his ear. Cas was in bed next to him. "Is that what you find most comfortable? Doesn't your arm go numb because of your human blood flow? I know it tends to become constricted, if you will."
"Oh, well. For the best, like I said…" She said, her voice trailing off. She shook her head. "Let me get your brother."
They sat there in silence for a few minutes, sipping their beers, listening to Cocorosie croon about werewolves and schizophrenia and creepy fathers and skinny, tall brothers and with those lyrics, it almost became too much for Dean.
"Twas the night before Christmas, and all through the house, a Cast was stirring, like a really annoying mouse." He muttered.
They left Lawrence, flying across the country, back to Oregon and for once, this Dean wasn't running away from it all.
"That would be agreeable." The man said, his voice leveling out a little. "I'm Castiel. And who are you?"
Crowley bent over in the trap, burst out laughing. He was laughing so hard, he literally slapped his knee.
"Is it that dude you always talk about?" Sam said sarcastically. "The one whose name you've mentioned 5 times in the last 20 minutes?"
"The ceiling isn't going to answer your questions, Cas. There is no God. Remember what Uriel said, what Raphael and Michael said? God's dead. Or at least he's a deadbeat Dad who isn't paying Cas's baby mama any child support." Dean said sarcastically, taking a huge swig from a bottle of Wild Turkey. It was his third in five days and it was almost gone.
Dean took a huge swig of bourbon and handed over to Castiel. He stripped down to the speedo, catching a few strange looks from people around him, which offended Dean because one guy had shown up to the party wearing nothing but a thong and a corset. Hell, Anna was practically naked and Jo was wearing a bra and panties. He tucked his clothes into a plastic bag and stuck it behind the couch.
"Dean, Christ. What is it about this guy? For one thing, Charlie says you actually show up for class now and I assume that's his doing. Secondly, I thought you were over your bisexual phase and had returned completely to women! Since when are you into men again?" Jo said.
"No! I don't care if you're going to have more degrees than me and it'll officially be your title. I am not calling you that! I hate that fucking show, Dean."
His mother sighed, but didn't push the subject. "Okay, well, I'll call you tomorrow. I can tell you don't feel like talking."
To further claim his territory, Dean reached over and grabbed his hand, this time not caring who saw them together. Castiel actually relaxed under his touch, a marked change from how he reacted while they were in Lawrence. Dean supposed holding hands in front of their peers was a little different than holding hands in front of his mom, or somehow their roles had reversed during the short trip home and now Castiel was the one embarrassed by public displays of affection.
"Cas, you know more about me than anyone, besides Jo. I trust you with parts of myself that I've never trusted anyone with before. I'm closer with you than I've ever been with any other significant other. I am trying. I'm trying because, Cas, to be totally honest, I have fallen for you, completely." He murmured, leaning over and kissing him again.
Castiel rolled his eyes and looked up at him. "If there were a God, then I doubt I would have been subjected to the things that happened to me as a child. If somehow, this mythical being did exist and these things still happened, then I'd take hell any day of the week." He muttered, furrowing an eyebrow.
Dean ambled out to the kitchen and made himself a pot of coffee and pulled out his laptop to catch up on football scores and maybe less important things, like the news. Castiel padded out of his room an hour later, looking absolutely miserable.
Cas closed his eyes and muttered a few key phrases of Latin and suddenly Crowley was gone. He opened his eyes, which looked grave and defeated. Dean was no longer full of righteous anger or even the urge to kill Crowley. He just felt numb, empty. Two days to decide whether or not he'd choose Cas, who was the love of his life, or his brothers, his family and bloodline, who were burning in the Pit.
"At least they ended her suffering." Cas commented. "You know, they always kill the worst actresses the quickest."
"Dean… right now you shouldn't be around a child, especially if there is something else out there. I'm not trying to be 'up your ass' or 'in your personal space' telling you what to do, but I sensed something bad in the graveyard. And you are not yourself… that woman and her child don't need to see you like this." He said.
Dean gulped. He hadn't known that. He decided not to mention browsing through them as if they were an issue of Busty Asian Beauties.
Without a word, Dean materializes and comes trotting toward him. Castiel's breath hitches in his chest at the sight of him, drinking in his familiar gait, the dusting of freckles across his face, those deep jade eyes and the warm smile that Dean reserves for him,
"So that's it, then." Cas mumbled. "Excuse me a minute, I need a moment alone." He stood up, pulling his hand away from Dean's and walked out of the room in a daze.
They were standing in the foyer, bags packed up in the rental car, about to drive to the airport. Sam looked dejected at the prospect of their departure and Mary was crying, although it wasn't the gut wrenching sobs from a few days ago. She was genuinely sad to see him leaving. Dean felt the same way.
"It has been a week, Dean. I certainly don't give up after a week. Going to Bobby's, where there's more books, more supplies, and going into this with a clear head is exactly what I need to find out why this happened to me. I will find out. And then… we are going to find a way to get Sam and Adam out." Cas said.
"Consider this your debt repaid." Gabriel said seriously. "Adam is with his mother as we speak. His damage was… well, it was not as hard to repair as Sam's, and I know he will be fine. We have done what we can for Sam. The rest is up to you. Castiel, brothers Winchester, I bid you adieu. I hope to not see any of you again for many, many years."
Dean seethed, but stopped in his tracks. Castiel stood behind Sam, still wearing his enormous Collins College t-shirt, his eyes wide and terrified. It hit Dean that Cas had never seen him angry. Sure, they had fought and yelled, but right now, he was filled with pure rage right now and he fully intended to confront his father and kill him.
Castiel just smiled a little bit, but actually looked a little green. Dean couldn't tell if it was because he was envious or embarrassed. Knowing Cas, it was probably a combination of the two.
All of the humor drained out of him and he felt the rage that always accompanied the mention or thought of his father creep to the surface. Dean blinked, once, twice.
"Cas! Man, you don't sleep in bed with other dudes! I'm all for you sleeping, but not next to me!" Dean cried rolling over on his back.
"I suppose we could. I would like that." Cas murmured. "I quite enjoyed it, to be honest. I always thought sex was so base, but it's been the only other thing I've been able to think about besides my, erm, new situation, and what could be going on in Heaven now that Michael is gone. Honestly, thinking about sex is a pleasant distraction from all of that."
"Yes." Gabriel said. "You said it to Balthazar yourself, Castiel. The new regime, both upstairs and downstairs, is happening because of you, Dean, Sam, and Bobby. It happened because you rebelled. You started the war when you chose this human over your family. Your rebellion was our battle cry."
"Because, Cas, everyone deserves to be around loved ones during this time of year. I'm staying here for Thanksgiving and Jo and I are going to make dinner, like we usually do, and
Despite the hand-holding, after the day in the park, the physical element of their emerging relationship came to almost a grinding halt. Dean didn't touch Castiel too much out of fear of triggering some sort of negative reaction in him. Dean knew innately that this is exactly what Castiel expected to happen, because he didn't push it. He let Dean initiate everything and he didn't react with too much enthusiasm, even though Dean saw the discreet boners and heard his breathy little sighs every time they kissed.
He was repeating variations on these six words to himself, like a mantra. Although neither he nor his mother could be sure what Sam was seeing, they didn't think he was seeing Ruby. Ruby meant that he was lost, possibly for weeks. Ruby was his strongest, most dangerous delusion. When he saw her, Sam retreated so far into his own mind that sometimes it'd take tranquilizing levels of antipsychotics to coax him out of his hallucinations and back to reality. When he saw her, he became violent. Dean was grateful he hadn't gotten violent the night before. It was a small favor, but violence meant police, courts and state-mandated psychiatric treatment.
Castiel relaxed. Dean shot his brother a thankful glance. Sam just nodded at him. Why was Sam handling this better than he was?
"Dean, Dean! Oh God, I shouldn't have told you about what happened. I brought it all back. I made you have these nightmares. I'm so, so sorry." He cried.
Gabe led them to his enormous dining room and they sat down around the table, and Gabe and Charlie's other band mates were there too, as well as Meg, the girl had flirted so incessantly with Castiel during Halloween. Castiel noticed her immediately, and his face tightened up into a mask at the sight of her, especially when she leered at him with the same look she'd given him at Halloween. She opened her mouth to say something, but shut it when Dean glared at her in a way that said
Dean felt a stab of jealousy, even though he wasn't even sure that Cas was into women in the slightest.
"Oh God, Dean. I can't believe you're here. It is so good to see you." Sam said, his voice breaking. "I have missed the shit out of you."
"I know, dude, I mean, believe me, I don't think what we did was morally wrong, but the fact of the matter is that it happened, and, well, I'd really like it to happen again. I don't know what that means for us, I don't know what it means for you. I mean, Cas, have you ever been attracted to anyone before? Do you understand sexual urges at all?" Dean said.
"I'll show you." Gabriel said simply. He stood up and came over to Cas. He leaned forward and put his finger on his forehead.
"I must say, Castiel, humanity suits you well! Look at you! Cooking! Wearing Levis! Living the big gay American dream with your former charge! Also, that vessel also becomes you. I love what you've done with its hair." Baltazhar said, poking Cas on the head.
The next day, Dean came clean with Jo during another Dr. Sexy MD episode. For some reason, the show made him honest.
"I'm sorry." Castiel whimpered. "I'm so, so sorry. I didn't mean anything I said last night. Please don't hate me, Dean. I'm so sorry."
He just shook his head. "I don't know. There was never a father. I tried to find my birth mother while I was in graduate school, but I couldn't. She's either dead or she's changed her name."
Sam raised an eyebrow. "You're being surprisingly cool about this." He turned to Dean. "Hey man, can we keep him?"
Across the room, Castiel stood there, watching them with a strange look in his eyes. Dean remembered their conversation the day before about the Singer family. In a moment of strange clarity that almost made him laugh, Dean hoped like hell that this fucked up family scene wasn't making his boyfriend nostalgic for parents he'd never had.
Dean quickly got up and pulled on a pair of jeans and Cas did the same. Sam came into the room. He was already fully dressed and he looked grave.
"The flirting we just witnessed between them- are they being serious?" Castiel hissed. "I think that's a terrible idea."
"I may be human now, Dean, but I've still been alive for a few millennia now. Demons have always talked about this. An angel to flay in Hell. It's their ultimate fantasy, besides getting God himself down there. It was just never possible, at least not until now. I'm not stupid, I knew this is what Crowley would want." He murmured.
"No more hunting." Dean said firmly. "At least not for awhile. If you do hunt, it'll be with me. Anything else you want to do though, it's fair game. Your life is yours to live now. We've paid our debt to this world. Can you handle that, Sammy?"
"What's next for you?" Sam asked. Sam was always asking him about school and what he'd be doing when he was graduating. He was curious, because he had never had the chance to go to college.
"Thank God." He whispered, dropping his face into his hands. "Thank you Balthazar. Thank you Gabriel."
Dean understood everything now. Except now that he did, he wasn't sure he wanted to continue with what he had started with Castiel. It was just like his feelings about Sam, but they were happening with someone else. Dean stared at the ocean, longing for it, but he remained tethered to the rock, to the man sitting next to him.
"I love you too. You give that boy of yours a hug too. I was a mess when I first called you. Such a sweet boy. I will see you soon." She said, hanging up the phone.
"In that blazer, you're like a piece of candy. Formal wear makes you look positively edible." Dean murmured. "Gotta keep it clean though, for the lesbians."
"I was at the office, cleaning out my desk for the summer, when I saw the email. All A's, baby. Your boy finished up with a 4.0 GPA this semester. Holy shit, I didn't even think I'd make it through this semester in the beginning!"
"I don't know, Dean. I don't know anymore. I don't know why this is happening to me. I don't know why you are alone in this world. I thought I could figure it out, but the second I fell asleep last night, I gave up any notions of knowing." He said.
"He's good." Charlie said, answering for him. "So, Cas… have you seen them live? Oh please tell me you have…"
"Why do you respond to everything I say with sarcasm? Especially when I'm simply trying to be nice?" Cas asked him suddenly, turning to Dean.
"Let's just say it's good I'm still wearing jeans. Jo's… spankies… don't leave much to the imagination."
Dean stood up and took the bowl of yogurt from him and set it on the table. He gave Castiel a little hug.
Dean glanced over at it and as usual, it made no sense to him, a tangle of black lines, all intersecting, surrounded various 3-D shapes drawn to appear as if they were melting. Dean wondered what it meant, was dying to know what any of it meant, because Cas got so into it. Cas was currently ignoring him completely, his glasses perpetually falling down his nose, his brow furrowed in concentration. He bit his lip as he shaded in one of the melting triangles.
Sam nodded and looked up at the ceiling. Dean found a vein easily and injected the Haldol. He still remembered all of this, clear as day. He could still take care of Sam like it was second nature. Sam opened his eyes and Dean released the tourniquet and tossed the used needle into the waste bin. They were probably the only family in Lawrence that had a "Hazardous Materials" trash can in their bathroom.
"I love making breakfast for you, Cas. You don't need to be so surprised. These are the little things people do for each other, you know?" He murmured, rocking him a little bit.
"That's great, Cas." Dean said. "So, what's the deal? What's a dude from Boston doing in bumfuck Oregon?"
"He is nothing like Lucifer. He has actually economized Hell, made it less of a torture chamber, more like an endless line at Wal-Mart. He does not let demons out unless they are retrieving something for him personally. He likes all the souls on his side and he keeps them on a tight leash in order to preserve his spot on top. I believe you know him as Crowley." Balthazar said.
"That's admirable." Castiel spoke up. "I once worked as a barista. I lasted a week. I abhor customer service."
"With the tablet, he could. With a prophet under his thumb, he could. He is an obstacle and you must destroy him." She says firmly.
Dean watched as Castiel ordered a large slice of pizza from the girl working at the pizza joint in the student center. He handed her some cash and then grabbed a soda. Castiel looked around the full cafeteria, a worried expression on his face. He watched Castiel balance the tray on one hand so he could nervously run a hand through his hair, which was now so unkempt he looked like a wild jungle animal. The cafeteria was full because it was 1:00pm and it was lunch. Castiel began to walk over to the couches, which was a messy and uncomfortable place to eat lunch.
"Yes, and when Raffie went down, his forces just kind of… well, they gave up! Angels need a leader and now that leader is Gabriel." Balthazar said.
Dean squeals again and collapses on top of him, kissing him again, grinding into him, showing him that it may be 10:30 (they're old now) but sex is more than required for an occasion like this. Castiel groans and returns the kiss, his own hips involuntarily bucking up to meet him. It's been two years, but Dean still wants to devour him, every inch of him.
make love, or whatever phrase you used to describe the best and most fulfilling sex of your life. Castiel was loud, screaming the words "fuck" and "please" over and over again and Dean was pleased to discover that Castiel was quite adept with his mouth and plenty flexible, just as he had imagined during his masturbatory alone time. They crashed and moved against each other like waves, and when it was over, Castiel was still intact.
"From the boy with the demon blood to Lucifer's vessel to becoming a lawyer for the little guy." He murmured to Cas, waving to Sam as he drove off. "That kid has been through more than anyone I know, but look at him. He's off to school with a smile on his face."
"I don't know what it was, Dean, I have no idea why I am here, I don't know where Bobby is… I hate to admit this, because I usually know almost everything, but I don't know what this is." Cas said.
"My research focused on the recent proliferation of human trafficking victims on the West Coast, specifically in Seattle and Portland. To put it simply, I'm especially interested in how their treatment in the U.S. criminal justice system affects them mentally and their well-being in the long term." Castiel said.
Sam asked him that every time they talked. This time, Dean couldn't make up an excuse for why he hadn't make it back, mostly because of the hopeful look on his brother's face. Dean couldn't believe it had been two years since he'd seen it in person.
"Who's your lawyer?" he asked quietly as he pulled his mother's car around the corner. He glanced at her. She looked nervous, sick, and somehow relieved, all at the same time.
Castiel just smiled, a huge smile, a smile that looked innocent, but wasn't, because he was currently rubbing his hand up and down Dean's thigh under the table.
Dean pulled away. "Cas, I said no. It's only 10:30. We have time." He said a little more sharply this time.
"Bussing, maybe serving. I worked at Applebees for awhile, so I think it'd be pretty easy. I need to save some money."
"Dean!" The guy said. "You are very, very intoxicated. The whiskey smell is seeping from your pores. Don't worry. I am not intoxicated. I will take you back to the hotel. I assure you, the Impala is safe."
Dean stood there, trembling. Images of his father faded momentarily and all he saw was Sam and Cas. He stared at his brother, whose eyes were so wide, so earnest. He saw a brother that he'd raised, a brother who idolized him and didn't need him getting into trouble over a waste of life like their father. He saw Cas standing behind his brother, looking shocked at Dean's sudden outpouring of anger, the full lips that Dean loved so much trembling like he was about to cry. Their faces were so different, yet so similar. Sam had seen him like this so many times and didn't need to see him like this again. Cas had never seen him like this and didn't need to start. Dean felt himself calming down ever so slightly at the sight of these two men who he loved so much, albeit in completely different ways.
"Awful." Dean said. He sat down on the edge of the bed and rubbed his temples. Castiel sat down next to him, his gaze ever curious. "She's heartbroken, Cas. I mean, don't get me wrong, I'm happy that she's finally ending it, but I didn't really consider how hard it'd be for her."
Castiel just shrugged. "I was brought up in the foster care system. I was bound to meet someone like that.
By the 1200th Dean, killing Dean has become so automatic that Naomi decides that Castiel is finally ready.
"Dean, this is the only way. Unless Balthazar can figure something out, I can't think of any other way for this to go down." Cas said.
"I hope this helps." Castiel said as they left the library. "I honestly thought you were just lazy and skipping class, but it appears you really don't understand it."
They were seated at the dining room table, eating dinner. Cas had discovered that he loved cooking after he watched an all-night Paula Deen marathon and had just prepared his first "real" dinner, which consisted of corn on the cob, turkey burgers, and cherry pie. Dean was a little wary to let Cas take over the kitchen, but he had insisted. Dean was glad he'd let him, because Cas was a damn fine cook.
When Cas said that, Dean forgot that it was Christmas Day in Lawrence and that his mother had bailed and that his brother was schizophrenic. Suddenly the most important thing to him was assuring Castiel that, yes, he was leaving, but he wasn't leaving him. Dean hadn't told Castiel, but before they left for Lawrence, he had sent in his first graduate school application and soon, he'd be sending in the rest. Whether he liked it or not, his life was moving forward.
It's early October and the air is just beginning to get nippy. Dean loves fall. It's his favorite season, with the air smelling perpetually of bonfires and dead leaves. He has fond memories of celebrating Sam's birthday, which falls on the same day as Halloween, and for years it was the best, because they'd get to trick or treat and eat birthday cake, all in one glorious day. It's nostalgic for him now in a bittersweet way, since Dean hasn't been home in two years. Dean glances over at Castiel as they walk up the block to his apartment complex and Dean wonders if Castiel ever celebrated Halloween as a child.
"Goddamnit! I just woke up and you don't need to hassle me about this shit in front of guests!" Sam yelled. "I know, 5:30 every night, I know I need these injections or I'll go crazy. I don't need a goddamn reminder!"
They got back to the house and it was quiet. Dean found a note from his mother saying she was going grocery shopping in order to "feed all her boys" and Dean was slightly relieved that she wasn't sitting at home, dwelling, and waiting on their return.
Cas stood there, looking embarrassed and uncomfortable, like he had just been caught sneaking a peek in the girls locker room or cheating on a math test.
"You will find a way." Cas said in a steely way. "Even if it kills a few of you, you will find a way. You will do it because it is the right thing to do and because… you owe me, brother, and you owe the Winchesters."
It worked and a laugh escaped Castiel's mouth. They got dressed and went back out into the living room. Dean was actually able to focus on his biology questions now.
"Your family is not perfect and everyone here is flawed, but the way you have taken me in during this time of year, and the way you've accepted me and Dean, the way you've been so open with me… well, it really has been amazing. I've seen the best of your family and the worst. When I say the worst, I must note that none of it came from you."
"Don't worry, we won't remember yours either." Balthazar said merrily. "A few of us have already imbibed quite a bit. Meg here is already rolling, so be forewarned!"
"That's not exactly difficult for people to see, Dean." Castiel said, raising an eyebrow at him and smiling.
"Dean. He's going to do it! I was wrong. You were wrong. We were idiots to go to Crowley! I cannot believe it!" He reached down and grabbed Dean and twirled him around like they were at prom or something.
"Your family is not perfect." Castiel said firmly. "But it's clear that the three of you love each other much. The way you comforted your mother, well, it was quite a sight for me. I still expect mothers to be the ones doing the coddling, not the other way around."
Suddenly there was a crash of thunder and a squealing, high pitched ring filled the room. Dean yelled and jumped under the table, holding his hands over his ears. Cas joined him under the table, his face contorted in pain as the ringing pierced their ears. Then as quickly as it started, it stopped.
"French maid costume? Oh Dean, that's disgusting! What, have you watched every cliché porno ever made?" Castiel said, actually grimacing.
Dean was sitting in the living room, reading about a spell to summon reapers, when he heard an exasperated scream and shattering glass. He was immediately up, running to the kitchen.
No guilt. No love. No humanity. The memories of the Winchester brothers still exist, but they are washed over in shades of grey and whitewashed of any emotion. Castiel's other emotions, memories and thoughts bear a similar sheen. He is aware of what he's thought, what he's believed, but he no longer cares. It isn't even obvious that he has been broken. Castiel's mind is a void; the emotions and the thoughts that made him the worst kind of angel are now covered in layers upon layers of apathy. Naomi's "tests" involving Dean have done the unspeakable: they have broken Castiel, literally made him numb. The only part of Castiel's mind that shines brightly is Naomi's own words and the utter fear that he has of her. Castiel is no longer sure why he is scared of her, but his fear is so great that she knows he will obey.
"Castiel. You're looking… well, pretty terrible." Gabriel said. He sauntered over to the couch and looked down at them. He shook his head. "The two of you right now, I swear, you look like sad puppies. You're two little puppies who were just kicked repeatedly by a big mean demon."
"No, no, Cas, I needed to hear that. Don't apologize. You're here, that's all that matters." He whispered, burying his face into Cas's chest.
"I am well. Unfortunately I have two dozen short answer tests to grade." He said, sighing. "Would you like something to drink or eat?"
Cas shuddered underneath his embrace. "All I was, I am no more." He whispered. "Dean… I don't know what I am."
Cas slipped away, to give Dean time to talk to his family. When Dean told his mother he was coming home, she actually started crying. A few anecdotes were exchanged about Sam's past birthdays and Dean updated them on what Jo was doing. Overall, although it was strange to talk to them this way at first, it became easier quickly. About twenty minutes into the conversation, he saw Castiel crossing the living room, arms filled with charcoal pencils. Dean motioned to him.
"I'm sorry I put you to sleep." He said morosely. "I did not think I was still that strong. I didn't think I had it in me after the pickles."
Cas didn't object. In fact, he seemed embarrassed. He looked away, out the window, avoiding Dean's gaze. Cas wasn't all seeing, all knowing, but he was a freaking
Finally, after what felt like days, even though it had only been 4 hours, they pulled into Bobby's driveway. Dean saw all the junkers in the salvage yard and immediately felt an overwhelming, not entirely unpleasant rush of nostalgia. He saw the car where he had rescued Bobby from two angry ghost girls and the patch of dirt where he and Sam had buried the body of a ghoul. It was strange that these things made him wistful, but he knew as soon as they pulled up in front of the house that he was home, that this is where he was meant to be right now.
It didn't take much more than that to convince him. They were off the couch and in Castiel's bed in seconds. Dean was surprised at how completely natural it felt and how all of his reservations melted away as soon as they began to fuck
"Cas, did you know she was going to make me wear this? I thought I'd be Meatloaf or something, not the gay dude in the gold speedo!"
"Cas, I'm about to get really cheesy for a minute, so bear with me and don't interrupt, because this will probably never happen again." Dean said, actually blushing, "You're right about a lot, but you're wrong too. From the moment I ran over you in the quad last August, I've been falling for you. I love you as much as Sammy loves me, albeit in a different way. I look at you with that same adulation."
"She's babying me. I'm an adult, Dean. I'm 22 years old. Before all of this happened, I had a 4.5 GPA and I was on my way to the Ivies. I'm not mentally challenged. I'm mentally ill." Sam grumbled. He pulled open the medicine cabinet and pulled out the vial of Haldol, Dean washed his hands and pulled out the kit with the needles. It was almost mechanical for the two of them; they had done this so often when Sam had been at his worst.
Castiel scooted over on the couch and Dean absently reached over and rubbed the top of his thigh, giving it a little squeeze. Castiel giggled a little bit and lifted his face and gave Dean a kiss on the cheek.
“Got this all thought through, don’t you?” Dean asks, to which Castiel nods. “If it were up to me, I’d…” He stops, and Castiel walks ahead a few steps, before turning just in time to see Dean’s face fall. “Do we have to talk about this right now?”
Dean nearly runs into the back of a—“Oh, Baby,” he says in haste, slamming his hands down onto the trunk of a 1967 Chevrolet Impala. Jet black and covered in dust, she’s just as beautiful as he left her, save for the bloodstains soaked into the leather upholstery in the back bench and splattered across the back window.
want this, and every time Dean tries to touch Castiel’s dick over his clothes, Castiel pulls away and makes Dean come so hard he forgets about it for approximately five hours.
Sirens begin to wail at a distance. On weak legs, Dean pulls himself to his feet and stumbles to the Impala, sliding inside. Something wet drips from his chin, staining the front of his shirt, his pants. He pays it no mind and slams the door shut, cranking the engine. She rumbles to life and leads him out of the driveway, the gravel crunching. Two men brawl on the front lawn, and a perverse joy settles in when he sees John go down face first in the grass. He’ll send a card to the neighbors tomorrow, if he makes it back alive. With the way his ribs ache, he doubts he can make it to a hospital in time.
Bobby sighs, shaking his head. “Whatever’s going on in Sam’s head, it ain’t good. But that ain’t what you need to be worrying about. You gotta figure out who killed you first.”
Anna’s Grace was smoke, Dean remembers. Ethereal and white, flowing like air. But Castiel’s is liquid, spilling onto his wrist and clinging to his skin. “Why isn’t it…” Dean starts.
Castiel lifts a brow, amused. “Being pegged and having a cock inside of you are two different things.”
Silence. The occasional car passes by, but other than that, Castiel hears nothing. No neighbors screaming, no trucks backfiring, nothing but the uneasy quiet of nature.
Dean pulls away, kissing the bruise. Castiel looks down at him, at the sincerity in his eyes, and melts, hopelessly lost in his orbit. “You got one.”
“Nothing.” Thumbing Dean’s chin, Castiel pulls him into a kiss. Gentle this time, and Dean sighs into it, snaking his arm around Castiel’s waist. “There’s nothing wrong with you, Dean.”
. “I can check on him,” Castiel musters the strength to say. The burgeoning human part of him wants to abandon Sam and run to Dean’s bedside , but he can’t. The most he can do is act as if everything is normal, as if Dean is nothing but his friend. “I might be able to see if there’s any lingering damage to his soul.”
Castiel hums, turning Dean’s palm over. “It does,” he says. “But finding it would be a coincidence.”
But Dean’s office is cozy, with a bench sitting up against the wall and an adjustable chair in the middle. Along the marble-topped desk, a large array of colored bottles sit, some full, others verging on empty. He pulls sets of needles and a machine from a drawer, followed by a three-ringed binder filled with pages upon pages.
. “She was my first car. I spent a year fixing her up, and now she’s probably in some junkyard getting scrapped.” Just what he wants to think about, someone ripping the engine out of one of the only good things in his life. “How big was the rack on that thing, anyway?”
Live oaks line the streets, adorning the front yards of businesses and homes, with Spanish moss draped from their looming branches. Walking up the wooden ramp, Dean tucks his hands into his pockets and keeps his head bowed as Sam leads the way. Shame creeps up his neck, even more so when they walk through the door and the same woman shrieks. “No, no, please,” Sam explains. Dean pinches his eyes shut, willing the tears away. “Look, we just need your help, alright?”
Low, Castiel hums. A single digit slips inside up to the first knuckle, not entirely unfamiliar, but not exactly a sensation Dean can call himself used to. Lying back, Dean closes his eyes and breathes, shutting out everything other than the soft press of Castiel’s finger, one at first, then another as they spread him wide.
“That’s beside the point.” Naomi wanders for a few seconds before finding another perch, leaning up against the unused roll top desk in the corner. “One of our sources divulged a critical detail that may explain some of Mr. Winchester’s cause of death.”
Sweat beading underneath his visor, Dean keeps his eyes on the track as he crosses the start/finish line. The white flag waves frantically at his back, signaling the final lap, while the rest of the field surrounds him, three-wide at the straightaway and quickly shifting into two lanes. Ash Lindberg drafts behind him in an attempt to swing around to the side, but Dean shakes him off, foot to the accelerator.
Benny throws his head back. “I did what I could. Got ‘em to stop, but that ain’t ever gonna be enough. Surprised he graduated. For a while I was thinkin’ he’d drop out. Had to sit him down and talk some sense into him.” He shakes his head. “The boy needs help, and he ain’t gonna get it here.”
Dean plops down into the opposite couch. Dust wafts up, tickling his sinuses. “I texted him yesterday and said you were awake. Haven’t really had the chance to mention anything about…” He motions to the room. “All this.”
Dean blinks, and thinks. Thinks as far back as he can go, struggling to remember what they looked like. It might as well be a dream now, or a false memory, of a boy and a girl about his age, with wings as bright as silver and a permanent glow around their heads. He can’t recall their faces, but he remembers their voices, the words they told him about how to comfort his mother, how to tell her that the pain would end and she would be alright, if she stayed strong. Imaginary friends wouldn't do that.
“This is old magic, Castiel.” Again, Naomi sits, leaning her elbows atop her knees. “Magic that angels haven’t used since the birth of the Savior. And you branded a human—”
On the stage, Tammy’s guitar sits. Dean takes it and sits in her abandoned seat, tuning the pegs until he finds a tone he likes. “He’s actually decent,” Donnie mentions offhand, reaching for a bottle of vodka in the top shelf. “Only heard him play a few times, but if he made a demo tape, I bet you Nashville would answer the phone.”
Weather in Las Vegas in September is a nightmare, a sweltering landscape that Dean is secretly thankful he doesn’t have to drive in today. From the spotter’s stand, he watches Sam make his way through the pack as the crowd roars for their favorite driver, the noise reaching a fever pitch when someone in the middle spins and takes out three drivers in the process. The yellow flag waves, and all cars form a single file, slowing to a reasonable speed behind the pace car.
“Not sure.” Again, he exhales, blowing smoke up toward the blue-painted ceiling. “Me and Dean talked about starting up a car shop, but we don’t got that kinda money. He’s good at it, though. I’m good with finances.” He points the ashy tip at Castiel. “I’m majoring in accounting.”
“He can’t help you,” Alastair growls. He brings his hand down, but Dean must anticipate it and do something to anger him. The next noise is the soft squish of a skull cracking, a body slumping over. Castiel’s heart races, stomach threatening to upend itself across the floor. “Oh, you can’t die on me yet, boy,” Alastair hisses. Dean makes a noise akin to a gurgle. “We’re just getting started. ‘Cause what I’m gonna do to you, your little heathen angel will hear every second of it. I smell sex on you, Dean, I smell defilement. And here, I thought only demons tempted angels to sin.”
It’s quaint, and cheap, considering. Donna’s mother owned the house for decades and passed it onto her after her death, and Donna wanted an excuse to have someone take it off her hands. Dean jumped at the first chance, gifting Donna one of the motor pool’s motorcycles in exchange. All they have to pay is utilities and property taxes, and the rest is theirs. Half an acre of land, an ocean-front view, and a new home, the first piece of property Dean and Sam have ever owned.
“Yeah.” Dean clears his throat and covers Castiel’s hand. Just barely, a smile curls the corners of Castiel’s lips, his eyes hooded. “Didn’t figure you’d fall for someone like me.”
“Unfortunately, no.” Castiel fights back a smile. “I don’t like having to put myself back in the closet.”
“No, no,” Dean begs. Boots squeak in an attempt to get away—something stomps, and Dean screams, an unending sound that bores into Castiel’s core. “Cas, Cas—”
Sex in itself isn’t a strange concept—the merging of bodies in the exchange of mutual pleasure, the connection, both emotional and physical, and the height of ecstasy—but for Castiel, it isn’t a necessity. And as much as Dean has enjoyed it in the past, he doesn’t push, and doesn’t move beyond kissing and the occasional wandering hand.
Following his gaze, Dean finds said gap, a massive hole ripped into it, with a rusted out El Camino on the other side. A reasonable enough way in. Checking over his shoulder, Dean sidesteps past the few cars littered across the grass and ducks next to the fence line while Castiel follows along with infinitely less stealth than Dean expected. “Okay, I’m really gonna have to teach you how to duck,” he huffs once Castiel catches up. “You’re way too noticeable in that hat.”
Sam spreads out a cheap local area map on the room’s lone table, holding it down with stationary pads and bars of unopened soap. Tying off the hex bag, Dean sets it in one of the Bunker’s clay bowls and hands Castiel the knife from his back pocket.
“You’re a Nephilim,” Castiel says in wonder. He rolls up the scroll and hands it back, then laughs, disbelieving. “The Grace in your line is so old that you’ve lost your abilities, but there’s—That’s the reason your soul is so bright.” He takes the few steps necessary to stand before Dean, his hands hanging at his sides. He wants to touch, and Dean wants him to, but terror overrides every other sense. “That’s the reason you can see me, why other angels are drawn to you. That’s why bonding with you was so easy, because you’re holy.”
Hi phone rings, vibrating through the back pocket of his jeans. Sluggish, Dean manages to wrench the device free, tapping the screen, then the speaker button. “Sammy.”
“But do you enjoy it?” Castiel reaches over and takes Dean’s abandoned magazine, flipping through the pages, like he’s reading Cosmo instead of the hottest hunks of the nineties. Dean flushes just watching him. “I know you, Dean. I know it’s the first home you’ve ever had that’s felt like your own space, but is convenience worth more than your mental health?” Setting it aside, Castiel joins him, hip cocked against the washing machine. Hesitant, he brushes his fingers down the line of Dean’s jaw, the first touch he’s willingly given since this morning. “There’s nothing left to fight. Don’t you think you’ve earned this?”
“Yeah,” Dean rasps. Throwing his head back, he bites his lips as he trembles, so tight, tighter than Castiel ever thought—“Yeah, give it to me, c’mon.
“I can think of one better.” Crowley sits up straighter, his grin manic. Castiel’s stomach drops. “I think you’re better suited for crime scene cleanup. Or, at least your parents are.” All eyes travel to him. Castiel has never wanted to punch someone in the teeth more. “Oh, you haven’t heard? This is James Castiel Milton, son of the infamous Los Angeles Miltons.”
“Unfortunately, with this development, we’ve decided that we need to intervene,” Iofiel interrupts. Looking over, Dean finds her standing six inches from his side, too close for comfort. “Castiel, Naomi officially said that your promotion was temporary, but with the turn of events, your permanent designation is Dominion. Your task is to protect Mr. Winchester to the best of your ability.”
Sam takes the last turn with ease, leaving Adam in his rearview. The crowd stands, stomping and screaming and clapping as Sam zips over the line with seconds to spare. Dean finds himself shouting right along with the video, and barely holds back the tears when the rest of the field crawls into the pit lane and Sam spins his tires in front of the crowd, sending up a cloud of smoke.
Castiel must have something to do with it, but he’ll take it no matter the case. He never has been one for bandages, especially when he sleeps.
. “Think you’d look cool with one,” he says instead. Hiding his face doesn’t work, not with Castiel looking down at him, seeking all of Dean’s attention. Very rarely has he ever felt small in Castiel’s presence, but now, he might as well be an ant under a microscope. “How can you still… Is it really worth it? You could… You could start over, do whatever you wanted to do. You said you were happy just loving me.”
“I don’t really have an answer to that. But I felt… if I didn't do something, if I didn't try, then maybe some higher power might intervene. Dean, you have to understand.” Castiel lifts his hand, pressing his knuckles to his lips. “I don’t know how to describe it, but you hit the steering wheel with your chest. The impact should’ve killed you, but you walked away with a few broken ribs and a bruised lung. All I’m saying is, something brought me to where you were.”
“I’m not planning to fuck you tonight.” Castiel soothes him with a kiss, his tongue tasting of the whiskey Dean keeps in the nightstand. A drink before bed, and a kiss to remember him in his dreams. This isn’t a dream—Castiel kisses him, warm and inviting, and Dean can’t help but sink his fingers into Castiel’s hair, holding on. “You’re much too inexperienced.”
Dean opens his mouth to reply, but Castiel squeezes him just right, from base to tip, and Dean moans, his hips fucking into Castiel’s fist.
“You said it took Heaven a year to finalize Dean’s… case,” Bobby says. “Their investigation could take another decade, if they’re in a hurry.”
But the longer Castiel sits here, the more he wonders, inactivity leading his mind astray. He steps off the curb and onto the asphalt, peering through the passenger window into the backseat. From what he can tell, Dean has already cleaned most of the mess from the seats and the windows, leaving only the footwell and the back of the front bench. “Starting to think it’s not worth it,” Dean complains as he steps back, straightening his spine. He tosses another rag, soaked in blood and baking soda, by his feet. Filthy as it is, it’s not as saturated as the early rags. Castiel will take this as a good sign. “How much blood did I have?”
. “But you also said it’s blasphemy,” Dean counters. A hand comes to rest over his hip—just a second, but there, lighting a fire in Dean’s gut. “You’re
Eventually, the vice grip around his lungs eases, and Dean sucks in breath after breath, willing his heart to settle. The chanting stops, and Castiel’s hands slip away, leaving Dean bereft and feverish. “It’s over,” Castiel says. A wet thumb swipes down Dean’s forehead, a final anointment. “You can open your eyes.”
Tears spilling over, Dean shakes his head. “I’ll be fine,” he says. Maybe if he lies to himself enough, he’ll start to believe it. “Just—surreal. I mean, a year ago, I was hunting, and the next year I’m… Shit, something really did kill me.”
Dean keeps his hands to himself, mostly—Castiel, on the other hand, can barely control himself, mostly around jewelry and anything that sparkles. Sometimes, Dean wonders if he started dating a crow. “Come on, man,” he says for the fifth time, his hand to Castiel’s bicep as he leads him away from a stall filled with questionably authentic watches. “We’re not made of money.”
Castiel shakes his head. “I want to let people know that it gets better. I want them to see a light at the end of the tunnel, and that out there, there’s someone they can turn to. LGBT youth in rural areas are three times more likely to consider suicide than their heterosexual peers because they lack resources and people like themselves. It may be a research paper, but it could help better inform social workers and mental health practitioners to better help these people before they do something drastic.”
He stops, nipping his thumbnail. “This ain’t how it was supposed to go, man. You can’t just—You always leave, and I have to pick up the pieces.”
Fresh tears fall, burning hot trails down his cheeks. Dean kisses him as he weeps, clinging to his face, his neck, anything he can reach to drag Castiel closer, until Castiel forgets anything other than the man touching him, loving him with his body and soul. His Grace spirals beneath his skin, guiding his movements as he pets along Dean’s scalp, his neck, down the length of his spine. His back hits the mattress, and Dean presses him into the sheets, intent on making his point known.
Castiel chuckles, letting his touch fall away. Reluctantly, Dean steps back and wanders toward the bathroom, shutting the door behind him. He switches on the light and shrugs his jeans and briefs off, leaving them piled up on the floor. Someone took the time to put a fresh pair of clothes on the lip of the sink. Tucked between his shirt and shorts, he finds a yellow Post-it note reading
Dean moves, fueled purely by adrenaline and fear, and shoves Castiel out of the way. He takes Martha’s wrist and wrenches it around, pinning it behind her back; his other arm, he hooks around her throat, keeping her pinned, no matter the scratches she gouges into his forearm with her nails. “The lady you’re riding, she got a name?” he asks into her ear.
Together, they exist, and Castiel watches over Dean as the swirling mass of him calms, no longer hesitant where he floats in the cup of Castiel’s hands.
Almost in reply, Dean glows brighter, casting Castiel in a white light that reveals their location. But no one comes. Below, the souls of the damned fight against the bitter wind, too caught up in their own suffering to notice the angel looming above. Whispering a prayer, Castiel holds Dean to his chest. This time when he strokes across the mass, Dean doesn’t shriek, nor does he shudder.
“This is stupid,” Dean says, breaking into a laugh. “Baby’s right over there, and we ran into a vault.”
Unfortunately, Castiel is right. Dean woke up terrified and afraid and in desperate need of consolation. All Alastair would’ve needed to do is press a little deeper to make Dean do the unthinkable.
Castiel knows her, has known her for longer than he cares to admit. She wears a gray pinstripe suit, her eyes narrowed at him as she pulls her lips into a thin line. Her white hair is pulled back into a bun, a few loose strands spilling down the back of her neck. She pushes off the counter, opening her mouth to speak, but Dean cuts her off.
The blackness shifts, growing bright at the edges. Panicked, Dean grips Castiel’s coat and shakes him harder, expecting a response. Castiel lists in his grasp, falling into his arms, but it’s not enough. “Cas,” Dean sighs, one last breath—
Wide-eyed, Castiel watches him take form, still shrouded in white, but with the most vibrant of eyes, green like emeralds. Dean fits his hand around Castiel’s fingertip, his touch warm, soothing a part of him that he didn't know existed.
Dean feels a presence behind him and looks back feeling relief flood in him when he sees the angel "Cas you're alive?" "I'm better than that." Cas puts his hand on Dean's bruised cheek, healing him. Dean without knowing leans into the touch feeling warmth in Cas's hand.
That's when they hear a knock at the door, Dean takes step towards the door and says over his shoulder "Get ready Cas. And come down for breakfast."
. Sighing he put Cas back on the bed, smiling faintly when the arms around his neck tightened as his omega whined. "Don't leave Alpha..."
The Alpha watches him for a moment before starts talking again "My name's Dean Winchester. My brother's Sam, our parents are gone but we have our surrogate parents Bobby and Crowley, My friends are Benny, Charlie, Jo and some more, you can meet them later. And I do...business."
The man looks up at him as he stands up to shake his hands. Cas knows the man is assessing him, "Goodmorning Mr.Novak, Please have seat."
Rolling his eyes Dean let his brother inside, "Don't ask." The mob boss directed, he doesn't want to hear another person commenting on what went down in this room.
Cas makes the mistake of arching his back, he can feel every inch of him covered by the blonde Adonis. Dean's knee is between his thighs poking him. Cas gulps when strong warm fingers cups his lips and cheeks rubbing over it, he looks Dean who is on top of him with pupil dilated eyes, blue orbs locked in the green ones.
"Tomorrow. I have called for a full assembly of the holy host. You will kneel before me and pledge legion to the flag. Alright?"
Apparently, they were going back to Kansas today. The meetings have already been conducted yesterday night when Cas was asleep. In a way, Cas was not much dejected at not being involved in sit-downs between two gangsters.
Sam paused near the stairs spinning around to him with a serious experience "Listen Cas. This is not some joke, okay? The people in the bar tonight are dangerous. Just...keep your head down alright?"
"Can't you take a small break? Please?" Cas says pouting looking at his boyfriend with his irresistible blue eyed puppy stare.
"You bet." She smirked leaning on the glass counter "The Big B has passed around your photos to keep a safe eye on you. You must be pretty special to the Alpha."
"Dean, I know you would never hurt me." Cas says honestly his fingers playing with hair on nape of Dean's neck. Dean's heart swells with pride and love.
There was an itch on his skin that something wasn't right but didn't thought too much of it and walked to take another book from his shelf to read, a red quartz fell on the floor landing just near his dress from the rack. Setting the book aside, he picked it up. Something is missing from his memory, whenever he looks at it he feels warm. Like the caged rock holds some special bond but he thinks it's just another gift from his family that he doesn't remember anymore.
He can hear Dean's pants, the man is affected by the omega pheromones roaming around them. Softly Dean grips onto his omega's face with his other hand making the man look at him with wrecked heated eyes that make Dean impeccably hard but he doesn't react, he says with a smirk "You have to earn the pleasure."
The Castle stood atop of the hills, with a glorious waterfall to the side and just beside was a window which opened to the room of none other than Castiel, the youngest child of the house and one of the most precious jewels to Kingdom. He was named beauty of Heaven because of his selfless soul, the will to help everyone.
"I know. " Of course he knows, and truth to be told he hates himself for that too. "But I will take all hate if it means I will have
Dean was at the head of the table, an empty seat beside him and a grumpy looking old man opposite to it, Crowley was beside the old man. Opposite of him was Sam, beside him was Jo and opposite of her was Rowena. There was a grave animosity in the air and Cas felt
Dean looks at him with a blinding, hopeful smile making his tummy feel all kinds of funny. He pouts and scrambles beneath the comforter like a burrito to hide the blush from Dean. But the Alpha catches the sight of it and even the comforter can't seize the scent of his happy omega.
He pulls back and takes his shirt off as Cas does the same with his. Cas locks his forefinger to the chain on Dean's neck pulling him in for another. He never gets tired of the kisses, their lips move together and tongues dancing.
He arched his back gasping, as a string arousal burned through his veins flushing up his body head to toe. Shivering, Cas thrashed in bed in his state of perplexity, his stomach in knots. His heat meds have still not come and after not evolving for so long, it is going to be painful for him. He had only one choice now.
His heart leapt out of his chest when something jumped on top him out of nowhere making his glass fall. Yelping Cas looked down to only be licked on the side of face. He gasped happily staring at the joyful fluffball pawing at his lap barking happily "Puppy!!"
"Well...this for both of us...since you were working, she told me take the food upstairs." He saw a clever smile on the Alpha's lips meaning he also knows that this kind of a planned date.
Cas this time just kept himself hunched on himself infront of Dean, pondering on what the Alpha has said. For his benefit? How was
"Or we could simply kidnap the first person he sees while dying" Jo contributed glaring at Cas, who squeezed himself uncomfortably at the sudden attention, the silence has set around the table .
Cas stretched his arms as he woke up, like everyday Dean was already gone. He didn't peg the Alpha for early morning type, but guess it's a necessary thing comes along with being the head of a international mafia organization.
But if Dean extended his limit then the omega will have no problem leaving the Alpha...if he could. Huffing he dropped his chin over his crossed arms on the table, he needs a day off from all this family business drama.
When they landed, his hands were clasped with Dean's as the Alpha helped him down the stairs. Cas isn't going to lie he kind of liked being pampered like this.
The omega coughed lightly making the mob boss look up, he said "Mrs.Butters told me to bring your meal here since you were working."
Now the point of Cas's Angel blade was inches from Dean's neck but the Alpha wasn't even bugging a little. As he said, "Cas you said I was yours, and you are
Dean strides towards the outdoor basement. Checking the messages for the 'delivery', when he feels Booby's judging eyes on him making him frustrated.
Cas hook his arm with Michaels looking around at the beautiful gardens and fountains. Cas in awe at the hotel's luxury, his brother and boyfriend really go all out for his birthday. Suddenly, he feels a prickly cool sensation on his spine like somebody's watching him.
Sam chuckled watching his brother's future mate playing with Riot "Wow, he seems taken to you. Half the time, he only sniffs people and moves on."
"This conversation is over." Dean glared at the guy, his jaw grinding. He gestured to Benny slammed his hand on the man's shoulder and didn't let the bastard get up from his seat. "You can't do this." Dean raised his hand, he didn't appreciate the man's arguing "Sh sh sh."
It was the golden opportunity when Cas leaped into his arms but contrary to everything Dean didn't want to take it. No matter how hard he was going looking at his disheveled omega, he restrained it. Cas's face has turned to a beautiful shade of crimson, and whenever Dean took a breath in, his mouth watered at the smell of sweet honey, Apple pie on his omega.
Alicia sighed wistfully "Leader doesn't let us get involved. He still thinks we are kids...even though we have raided at least 26 coastlines."
"Sam you're here to help me right?" He asks tilting his head to look at him since the Alpha is so tall. Sam nods, his long hair swinging. Cas crosses his leg and gestures towards the free seat "So I want you to sit down and answer some questions for me."
He sniffles again, his eyes glazed with tears and he realises it's so much better he broke up with the bastard. He looks up and skies have already gone dark, moon above his head. Cas yawns and gets up from the ledge to go back.
The angel's eyes turned to his lap, he was hurt to know after all he did for the man, Dean was still referring to him as nothing. He says "You got what you asked for Dean."
He snaps out of his thoughts when his brother asks "What about Zacharia?" Cas sighs and answers honestly "I don't know where he is. He isn't answering his phone."
"The best people In your world!!!" Lucifer cheered with Michael laughing in the back. All anger deflated him, it's hard to be mad at those people who meant so much to you and cherish you unconditionally.
The omega gulped his tears as he shouted "What did you expect? This day has to come Luci, you knew it but instead of talking to him, you choose to keep him locked in this Hell hole."
It was a simple question but for Cas it was like an anvil was dropped on him. If he said yes, then it means he is coming to terms with the situation. If he said no, then it will be too mean and Cas can be anything but mean to such a nice old lady.
Dean pulled him, adjusting him so he was laid bridal style on the Alpha's arm. He looked up through his eyelashes at Dean, the Alpha was handsome but his soul was corrupted and Cas hated filthy people whose motive was to only kill and power.
"Ha ha" He corners Cas between his arms looking at the beautiful face, says leaning in "I will see how funny you will find it when I blow your mind out."
Then his eyes land on someone waving at him, he squints and sees Sam and Gabriel smirking at him. "Son of a bitch. How the hell did you get here before me?" He grunts out.
Cas stared up at the Alpha with a pout, Dean sniggered squeezing his omega's cheeks "My own Guardian Angel, Castiel." The blonde Alpha said with a smile, the omega wanted to get angry but he just couldn't. Dean Winchester was too much for him, stupid Alpha with stupid jaw line, with stupid freckles. It was all stupid.
Cas smiles, wish he could tell them that he's not very much single. But after telling about his one-year stay, he doesn't want to give more shocks to Michael. "Yeah, I will. Bye Gabriel, Michael. Tell Luci I said hi."
He stands up slipping the bumblebee slippers sauntering to his room, Gabe groans putting his head on his hands, belittling himself for being harsh to his brother.
The music still going on as I get off the stage and start walking towards Dean on the table. The old men who were playing poker look at me as I walk, their chips fall off their hands. Everything is silent except for the music.
"Keep an eye on him." Dean gestured his friends towards the barn where Cas has vanished too. He had a doubt that the blue-eyed omega was planning something.
"Cas, you have no idea what you're doing to me," Dean croaks out, his head on Cas's shoulder, cock tenting his pants. His eyes raise to look at Cas whose face is arched upwards with a pleasured look. Mouth open wide and lips red from biting too harshly, Dean wants those lips stretched on his cock.
He groaned, massaging his head trying to revive his memories. He breathed in and peeled his eyes open at the scent of cologne and motor oil in his nose. It was strangely comforting, he looked down to see he was dressed in a big AC/DC shirt.
Cas was surprised at the sudden hesitancy in her voice, and over all he also couldn't believe that she was one of the members of Hunters. She had this cheeriness that it was hard to believe, the Neko smiled "Sure, what do you want to do?"
Without wasting any time, Benny leads him to the black limo parked outside. Getting him inside the car the Alpha takes the wheels rushing out of the club lot.
Cas shook his head looking down, "Just can't sleep." He replied, only sound he could here was his heartbeat and Dean's breath on the back of his neck. He looked up when a soft rumble vibrated from Dean's chest. He smiled as his Alpha started singing tune of an old song.
As slowly as possible, the omega started backing up. Forget dinner, he can stay hungry for one night and if he locked the door he can even escape from Dean's anger. He was about to run off when a hand came on his shoulder "Dining table is that way buddy."
Cas bites his lips to not scream but at the end he does as he cums on Dean's hand. "Ahh" His pants heavily. Dean's breathing down his neck. The hunter leaves trails of kisses from his ear to back making smacking noises.
The seriousness of Sam's words shuts all questions in Cas's mind. If he stayed then he will risk many things, his family can be in danger for affiliating with a mobster, his own life will be in danger. Cas has firsthand saw the ruthlessness in Dean's eyes, no mercy when he killed that man and for better or worse he never wants to see that day when instead of Dean, news of his death came...
"Don't worry about that just answer the question." Dean demanded to him smugly, one of his hands left the table taking a hold of Cas' flour covered hand. The omega followed the movement with his beautiful blue eyes, watching as Dean kissed his knuckles making the omega flush.
Bobby makes a shushing motion as he grumbles " We don't act on impulse, idjit." Sam purses his lips giving Bobby his bitchface. Even after all this years, still Bobby and Crowley treats him like a petulant child, and he is not the only one Dean has the same condition, both siblings are happy that they have their family but seriously its annoying. He huffs and looks towards where Dean stands up from the bed after resting.
He hears double sighs coming from the other side of the phone, "Fine..." Michael trails off. Cas knows he has agreed reluctantly, he feels such relief knowing his siblings care for him so much.
Bobby found me and brought me to The Hunters. I was filled with rage and wanted to take vengeance for Andrea because I knew they were the ones behind it. After some years, I was doing a job with Dean and Bobby when I finally got the chance. I sliced the head of my bastard brother but what came as more shock was when I found that Andrea was alive and..... was mated with my brother, she tried to kill me but Dean sliced her head before she could make any move." When Benny was finished, Ca felt an enormous pain in his heart for the Alpha, how devastating it would have been to see your girlfriend die and then find out she was with your sibling this whole time.
He huffed staring ahead, before asking "Then what about the cart?" Sam, Benny and Jo who were walking a little behind stiffened and exchanged glances, actually they were the ones who destroyed the cart to get the couple a chance to get intimate.
His body starts doing funny things when Dean growls at his ear "I'm gonna fuck you so hard that they will hear you in Boston."
Cas blushes embarrassed and said "No, I don't think so. He was intoxicated, it was the night before we talked to Raphael."
"Sam" Dean snaps to the young man, who is instantly on Cas's side hoisting him up carefully, checking for injuries. Cas dusts off his dress, feeling uncomfortable and panicked by the turn of events.
Cas eyes turn to the Alpha, with a tilt of amusement he stares at Dean as the plane starts moving. He laughs inwardly at the panicked look of Dean, the way the mobster is holding his breath is like he is about to explode. Just as the plane leaps in the air, Cas says teasingly with a smirk "Wow, Great Dean Winchester, Alpha of the Alphas is scared of flying."
"It's alright Michael. They are okay. You need to rest." He choked out holding his brother-in-law, what more can he say? He doesn't want them to watch as he leaves them for God knows how long until he finds some way to get away from Dean.
"You have so much blind faith, cousin. It makes me pity you." Cas felt his heart break on Anna's words, he looked at her with utter confusion. 'Blind faith' he had blind faith, Chuck was great king and father, he knew his father.
Castiel blushes and pushes his brother out of the bathroom getting in. He takes a warm shower, shampoos his hair before he comes out, and dries it. He looks in the mirror, rubbing his jaw, and decides to shave, after that he makes faces at the mirror singing along WAP by Cardi B. If his parents heard this they might have had gotten a heart attack.
They look at each other eyes dilated. "I-I remember what d-d-dick is now." Dean laughs at the words comes out the angel's mouth.
Through the glass panel, he can see two horses pulling his cart, on one Benny and in another some women he doesn't know. Ahead of all of them is Dean trolling on a night Black horse, Samuel beside him on a brown horse with white splotches.
Don't forget to share your thoughts and don't lie to me that you didn't want to just go "Awwwwww" when Dean called Cas 'angel'.
The omega has taken to a new tactic and has pulled the robe up to his middle to only show his ass. The puckering pink hole was on display for the Alpha as Cas panted on the pillow chest heaving up and down. He had two fingers on his mouth for fingering himself as he groaned "Alpha...fuck me..."
"Fuck me.." His voice is barely above than hiss, eyes glued to his portrait heartbeat going above the speed of a bullet train, his body trembles in anxiety when he hears.
Cas roamed around the garden with Sam just behind him. He didn't know what to feel about the over large shadow over him, they were still suspicious that maybe he will run away.
And right now looking at them it surely felt like it. He frowned when each of them pointed fingers at each other "It's his/her fault." There was more glaring and Cas feeling like a 90's housewife.
Cas pulls back and goes around Dean to change while Dean looks at Cas confused ignoring the horny comment "Cas what are you talking about man? What do you want?" Castiel just ignores him and picks up his clothes as he goes behind a dressing screen. Dean questions how old is this place before he comes back to the matter on hand.
Both Betas perked up and said at the same time, Cas was sure if they were in animal form their tails would be wagging.
The new Archangel worries his lips and roams his hand on the little bump of his belly. Balthazar has gone back to Heaven for seeing how many angels are with them and also grab some useful weapons. The word about a Nephelim has been raised through high heaven in the morning and he can only imagine how many of his step-brothers and step-sisters will be roaming Earth for the head of his baby.
Sending him a casual smile, Benny closes the gate and moves to sit on the horse connected to the cart. Cas waves at Gabriel who is standing outside with some of the people whom Dean had spared and didn't butcher their body parts.
He can hear the concern and irritation in his brother's voice. The rambling is cut off and Cas catches shouting at another end like someone is trying to get the hold of the phone and income voice of the trickster.
Dean argued, "We just need to pay them more." His eyes turned back to Cas who was watching him with an odd expression.
Dean's other hand slides down his upper body, his warm fingers play with Cas' nipples through the blue robe, Cas looks away his teeth clattering in fear as Dean's lips ghost over his cheekbones. He gasps when the hands go down squeezing his waist with an unnatural strength.
He grins at Dean and replies teasingly "But you don't have to kill the chef, I can give him some lessons."
Cas flushed at his brother's assumption about his 'vacation', he laughed when he heard Michael scolding Gabe on his words. Oh, how he wants to be with them right now, being a Neko and omega at that. He needs a lot of affection, being taken care of. But unlike others Cas is different, he is not so dependent but he still likes to be cuddled and pampered.
"Oh my God. Stop killing me with your cuteness" They laugh more when the woman makes a butchering sign at her heart.
The sun shines through the veranda, bouncing off the patio tiles. Beyond the grass, Dean smells the damp earth of the marsh and wishes he could walk in and disappear, but Sam refuses to let him leave, and Eileen and Jack are plotting something. Probably to kill him, to take him out of the equation. He’s too broken, too meaningless in their lives. He hasn't eaten in two days, and barely slept more than an hour in the last week. How he’s survived this long is a miracle.
Dean snorts and sits back, his arms over his stomach. “How’d you peg me?” he asks, defensive. “What, you thought you’d just walk over and stick your tongue in my mouth—”
“We can always have a ceremony later,” Castiel says. He sneaks in another kiss, and Dean cups the back of his head, going in for a second. “I’m human, Dean.”
Quietly, Castiel breathes. “I wish I could tell you the answer,” he says. “I wish I could tell you, to all things there is a season, but I’d be lying. All I can say is that the world is cruel and unjust, and the hand you’ve been dealt is similar to scores of others. But it’s still your life.” A pause. “I can’t imagine your pain, Dean.”
Nothing. Castiel thumbs over the page, his brow softening. “Is there anything you’d like to know about us?”
Castiel looks at the folder fondly and cracks it open, checking to make sure all the pages are there. They should be. Dean counted them five times after printing them out to make sure. “Thank you,” he says. Knees in the seat, Castiel tucks the folder into his suitcase, alongside the rest of the assignments he needs to grade. They have time, though, especially if they make it to Shreveport by dark. “We could’ve taken my car, instead of sending her ahead.”
“I know.” Beneath the covers, Dean curls his knees up into his stomach. “Not askin’ you to. I just… Why me? Was I not good enough? I did what I was supposed to, and I still ended up—”
Only, Castiel doesn’t let go. Sam drops the charred remnants of the bag into the trash while Castiel presses his fingers to the cut lining Dean’s palm, sending sparks of pain up Dean’s arm. Yet Dean can’t find it in himself to pull away, even when Castiel presses in harder, blue eyes turned to him. He knows something, or at least senses it. Or, he’s in just as deep as Dean is, and this is as close as he can get to an excuse to touch him.
“No more than anyone else.” Castiel extends a hand to him, hooking Dean’s finger with his own. Dean freezes, jaw tight. “Goodness isn’t measured by how many lives you take or how many you save. What matters is what’s in your heart. The purity of your actions, the selflessness in which you act. You may act out of a sense of duty, but in your being, you believe it’s the right thing to do.” He covers Dean’s hand; Dean turns his head away. “You’re good, Dean. This wasn’t an act of pity.”
If only Castiel didn’t understand. If only he wasn’t intimately familiar with the marks left behind. “The final assignment I’m handing out is a piece on legacy,” he says, sidetracking. “What you want your legacy to be, or a character you’ve created. Would that be something you’d be interested in?”
He could, considering his schedule. Many of his interviews take place during the week, and his weekends consist of data compilation and outlining. If anything, he should begin writing in a month at the earliest, leaving him with enough free time to actually enjoy himself, if he came across the occasion. “I’m having trouble distancing myself from my work,” Castiel admits. “I haven’t taken a weekend for myself since before college.”
The guttural groans and horrified screams of Hell dwindle to his own breathing and the faint drip of something liquid on the floor. Dean watches him for a long while, his lips working to speak. No voice comes from his throat—the slice across his neck makes sure of that. A way to keep him complacent, to not talk back against the man who put the knife in his hand. Said knife falls to the ground in a clatter, forgotten.
Admittedly, about far less tame things, but thinking nonetheless. After a minute of silence, Dean strips the covers off and pads across the room. Exhausted as he is, his adrenaline still attempts to spike, leaving him lightheaded as he knees his way onto Castiel’s mattress, straddling his waist. That same blue eye looks up at him, one then two as Castiel rolls onto his back. Confusion furrows his brow, deepening when Dean fists the pillows behind Castiel’s head.
“What did you do to them?” Castiel asks, and—Dean doesn’t want to answer. Doesn’t have an answer, other than
Sneering, Martha spits on Castiel’s shoes. “She’s been dead for two hundred years,” she hisses. “You don’t have a choice, baby. Even if she was alive, you’d have to kill me, ‘cause the minute I get back down there, I’m sounding the alarm. I’m going to Alastair himself—"
Too much of a coincidence, but Dean holds out hope anyway that this is his ring, reunited at long last. “Probably,” he says. He takes Castiel’s cash and hands it across the table.
Castiel barely makes it to the bed before he passes out, dressed in an old pair of Dean’s sweats and his hair matted to his head. He smells of Dean’s shampoo, his skin warm and inviting. Climbing onto the mattress, Dean pulls up the covers and slots in beside him, drawing Castiel’s sleeping form into his arms. If this is a dream, then he never wants to wake up, to face the light of day.
More horrifying, though, is the shattered windshield and the blood on the driver’s side window. Pulling to a stop, Castiel steps out of the Continental, heart in his throat. His body moves before his brain has a chance to think about the multitude of possibilities.
Bare feet smack against the wet floor. Dean’s presence comes into range long before his arms drape through the window, green eyes no doubt looking at him. But he receives no greeting, like he expects—no, Dean touches his head, then his shoulder, pushing him back into the seat. Fingers touch his forehead, wiping sweat away. Castiel can’t open his eyes. “Cas,” Dean says, urgent. “Cas, look at me, okay?” The door pops open; Dean reaches in, turning Castiel’s face.
“I can tell.” Castiel offers him a smile. Blue light washes over his face, reflecting off his glasses.
“Dean.” Pulling him in is easy. Dean falls into his embrace, his face tucked into Castiel’s throat. This time, he hugs Castiel in return, wringing his hands in the back of Castiel’s shirt. “I hate this for you. I truly do. And if I could have my way, I’d take you with me when I leave.”
For most of the night, Castiel waits on the porch, long after Benny and Garth head inside, and long after Ash shuts off his music. The night remains quiet, not unlike every other night, with the low, haunting sound of the train breaking the silence. The cicadas sleep, the squirrels slumber in their nests, and a doe and her fawn gnaw on a hydrangea along the side of the driveway.
“She told me about it,” Castiel says, sheepish. Dean squints, several questions on his tongue. “I met her when I was looking for flip flops. She may have jumped into the front seat of my car.”
, spilling himself in an endless rush that Castiel wishes he could savor. Harsh breaths huff into his ear, and in the aftershocks, Dean twitches, always so sensitive.
. And to his lament, Castiel pulls away, only to press the blade to Dean’s lower lip. Without hesitation, Dean nods, and Castiel slides his lip down the middle, allowing blood to spill. It stings, but Castiel soothes him, numbing it as they kiss, as Castiel licks the blood from his mouth. Any other situation, and the pain would do the exact opposite to his libido, but his cock throbs in his hand, spurting precome and beginning to thicken even further.
Dean drops his gaze, staring at a ketchup stain. “Good. They overdo it on the buttermilk, though, if you got some kinda dairy allergy.”
“Yeah.” He rubs the back of his neck. “He’s like me. We used to go to school together, but he moved over to Griffin, and he left me here.” He sniffles. “We go to the pool a lot. I think he likes me, but last week these old ladies kept lookin’ at us funny. I told ‘em to beat it, and a few minutes later, a cop showed up.”
His body moves of its own accord while the rest of him sits still, watching from below. Heart heavy, he climbs the ladder and starts unhooking Castiel, starting with his wings. Castiel is cold, with an underlying hint of warmth in his feathers, warm enough to make Dean believe, even for a split second. The worst part, besides wrenching the hooks out of Castiel’s bones, is knowing that once he finishes, then Castiel will collapse, and his wings will shatter on impact.
“I can’t fight demons,” Dean squawks. “Or—whatever can kill you. You can’t die, right? It’d have to be demons, or another angel—”
Sam ventures in after a while, hair pulled out of his face with barrettes and dressed in loose sweats. Only a full day here, and he already looks comfortable, more at ease than he ever did at the Bunker. Maybe Castiel was right—maybe this is what they needed after all. “Did you know we have a pool?”
. Grabbing his pants from the bottom of the bag, Dean shrugs them on without looking up from the floor. “I’ll hit up the lobby,” he says, grabbing the room key. “Give me five minutes.”
He slows to a crawl at the sight, stopping in the doorway. There in the bloodied hay kneels Castiel, among the remnants of his wings, holding one of them in his hands. They look even worse now than they did earlier, the bones brown and hollow, black feathers turned green and fraying. Bugs skitters through the mass, attempting to scavenge any meat they can find.
“Dean,” she announces, and visibly, Dean tenses, his jaw tight and eyes wide. His expression morphs to faked excitement as he turns, the necklace still in his hand. The woman smiles at him with all her teeth, the wrinkles around her eyes deepening. Either from genuine joy or a lifetime of faking it, Castiel doesn't know. “I haven’t seen you in what, two years?”
Castiel shoves his blade into Dean’s hand, and Dean presses the sharpened edge into Castiel’s neck, slicing a two-inch gouge into his throat. Grace floods the wound, and Dean latches onto it, the rush going straight to his head, threatening to spill from his eyes, his ears. Castiel’s wandering hand comes to rest atop the small of Dean’s back, stabilizing him—holding him while he bends his knees and thrusts up and
“I don't think he’s ever grown out of it,” Castiel says, amused. “He’s gotten quite adept at bull riding.”
