“Tony…” “I don’t…”
They were both panting roughly, probably desperate to move since Steve was impaled on Bucky. Tony moved forward, taking himself in hand and lined himself with Bucky’s ass.
He stood back and turned to Bucky, who had been watching the two of them. “What about you, sweetheart?” He asked as he hooked two fingers into the waistband of Bucky’s pants and pulled him against him. “What do you want tonight?”
“She went to powder her nose.” Steve said in that too controlled voice again. “Though I guess she found someone else to talk to on the way.”
No, he knew why. He just didn’t like the reason. They were all scared shitless, and none of them could handle the responsibility of getting them out of this. It’s not like Bucky wasn’t scared. It’s not like he actually knew what he was doing. Hell, he was the youngest of the officers here, but apparently, he could fake it better than any of them. A lifetime of lying helps with that, he supposed.
“Merry Christmas, Tony,” he whispered as he closed his eyes and drifted off to peaceful dreams.
He supposed it was because for so long, Bucky had been his everything. But Tony was his too, and Steve really needed him right now. If Steve was honest with himself, he’d probably needed this for days and just hadn’t wanted to acknowledge it. Tony had been so good this past week as he supported Steve while giving him the time he needed to process the change in their dynamic. He knew Tony was shelving his own issues at the moment to be strong for Steve, and Steve both resented and loved him for it.
“I thought I wouldn’t see you again,” Bucky sobbed. “It hurt Tony. It hurt so bad, and I was so scared.”
He watched as Tony continued to glower at the men around them as if waiting for another excuse to vent his frustration.
“They’re thirty miles behind the lines,” Phillips harshly told him, “through some of the most heavily fortified territory in Europe. We’d lose more men than we’d save, but I don’t expect you to understand that because you’re a chorus girl.”
Bucky nodded. He liked the thought that he was choosing to submit, and it wasn’t because there was something wrong with him.
When Tony finally woke, it was slowly, and it took him a few moments to realize that he was in the hospital. Great, he hated being in hospitals when he wasn’t there to fix anything and was the thing being fixed. He slowly turned his head to make sense of the room he was in and saw a very distraught looking Steve sitting beside his bed. Tony had later learned that Ruth and Lucille had contacted Steve when Tony had been brought in since the whole hospital already knew that he was basically the only family Tony had in New York.
Steve looked shocked. “You mean that all
The other two’s mouths slightly smirked, probably knowing Tony had reached his quota on emotions for the evening. Steve turned off the lamp, and they all moved to lay their heads on their pillows. With all of them still naked and Tony in the middle, the other two snuggled up to his sides. Steve pulled their blankets over them.
Steve’s eyes went down to Tony’s hands, looking conflicted. “I don’t know, Tony. We have no idea how I could react, and I couldn’t forgive myself if I hurt you.”
Bucky shook his head harder, pushing away at what Steve had called him. “Don’t,” he choked. “Don’t call me…You shouldn’t…”
So, it was almost time, he thought,
“A lot of soldiers are probably not like this,” Erskine conceded, “but the men Colonel Philips brings to me here are these things.”
“It’s alright.” Tony shrugged. “My parents died in an accident when I was younger. I don’t have siblings and never met my grandparents.”
“I’m a selfish, egotistical asshole.” Howard stated. “I know this, and it’s never really bothered me because it has always gotten me the things I want. No one’s ever called me out on it, though, not until you.”
This morning that glowing reputation had come to fruition. He was practically bouncing as he walked to their apartment, so full of good news and good feeling that he was liable to burst. When he’d been approached by the senior physician at the hospital, he’d been expecting a good job that paid well. The man was the chief of medicine; he could afford to pay for quality work. Tony had gotten so much better than a crisp ten dollar bill and a thank you. He just couldn’t wait to tell Steve, and then later Bucky after he got home from work.
“Why so glum, Barnes?” Dugan’s voice rang out from the bunk across from his. “One of your sweethearts find some sense and get another fella to keep them company?”
“My day just got better seeing your pretty smile.” He winked, throwing her a cheeky grin. Tony was a flirt. Sue him.
Without another word he walked out of the apartment and turned left. The neighbor to their right was a sweet old widow woman who was nearly deaf. She would never hear anything that went on in their apartment. It was why the radio was next to the wall they shared with her. Just a sweet, deaf old lady.
Tony couldn’t believe Steve had gotten him to agree to this. Just another Christmas miracle, he supposed, as he sat in a pew at the back of the crowded church. He was in a Catholic church, and nobody had even had to die to get him there. If only Rhodey and Pepper could see this.
Tony gently cupped the side of Bucky’s face and lifted his head to meet Tony’s eyes. He softly rubbed his thumb along his cheekbone and said, “I’m so proud of you, sweetheart, so happy you listened and waited to find a job you wanted. I love you so much, sweet boy.”
It was so much harder than before. The memories had long since begun sliding into place and this new batch of them only served to add to the pressure pushing back against his efforts. He tried harder, feeling the steel table bend in his tight grip. He couldn’t do this. He was too damaged, too scared, too…
“What’s that?”
Tony did his best to gently suck at the head as he caught his breath. Then, he heard the wrapper being torn from a condom. Steve leaned over him between his spread out legs and wiped at the tears on one of his cheeks. He hadn’t realized that many had fallen.
The sorcerers had managed to scrounge up about twenty-five bucks for him, a decent sum for the time period. They must have really pitied him. Tony wondered how he could get more and looked down at his suit.
The guys each departed once they’d reached their assigned floors, all of them agreeing on a time to meet in the lobby later so they could walk to the pub together. Tony and Bucky were the last to reach theirs since it was almost at the top of the building. Tony used the key and opened the door to a huge living area that spread into a small kitchen and had several doors connecting to it. So, this was what a suite looked like, Bucky thought before Tony closed the door behind him and dropped their bags.
“Remind me to never get on your bad side, Captain,” Monty said as he finally looked back up to Steve’s face. “I’d quite like my head to stay on my shoulders.”
It was a little after five in the evening when he finally returned home. As he walked through the door, the smell of something familiar and wonderful hit his nose. It couldn’t be.
had told him when you’d dropped off his apartment key.”
Steve just stood there in his towel and waited for Bucky to speak. He looked just as tired as Steve felt over the events of today. After a few more silent moments, Bucky spoke. His voice was so soft that Steve probably wouldn’t have heard anything at all if it hadn’t been for his enhanced senses.
Frozen to the spot, Tony whispered, “Bucky?”
“That was him taking a liking to me?” Tony asked incredulously. “I’ve been mugged by nicer people.”
“You just lay there and get comfortable, beautiful,” Tony said breathlessly, “because I have a feeling this could end up taking a while. It’s what you need, right? Nice and slow and sweet…”
“That’s only because he saved the best for last,” Tony told him with a light smack on the arm.
Pinned between his enemy and the wall was not a good place to be. Joe landed a right hook to his face, and he felt his lip split open. As the arm retracted to land another blow, Tony went on autopilot. He headbutted the man to get him to back off a little and allow Tony more space to move.
Threatening to kill him. Breaking his arm with calm detachment. Suffocating him to get a point across. These things went unsaid, but Tony felt the words hovering around them.
Tony looked down at his body, almost just now realizing that it was still attached to him. He wanted to groan when he saw that most of him was covered in heavy plaster casts, and all of his limbs were slung up from the bed like some medical BDSM scene gone wrong. “Fuucckk,” he cursed as he thought about how this was going to complicate everything.
“Right,” Bucky answered, and Tony knew from experience that his tone of voice meant Bucky was about to say something he’d feel sorry over later that night. “Cuz you got nothin’ to prove.”
The cities they had passed through had all shown signs of the war. Buildings were boarded up or partially destroyed from air raids. In the smaller towns, people had looked upon their passing group with apathy, but the expressions of the children were worse. There was nothing there. Their eyes were blank as they stared out of faces smudged with dirt. Steve could see the hunger in their small bodies. Most of Europe was occupied or under strict rations, and he saw it all in the faces of those children.
“He’s a piece of shit,” Bucky corrected. “His way of thinking is the disease.”
“That makes sense that it’s mostly in this country.” Sam said. “More people in America would have studied Captain America.”
“You mean that thing with his tongue?’ Bucky brightened. “Because it was fucking incredible, Stevie. I can’t believe we never thought of tryin’ that.” Bucky looked at him. “I’m sure Tony would want to do that with you, or I can try doin’ it. I don’t have the practice Tony’s had, but I would try.”
From the corner of his eyes, Bucky saw the other guys’ heads nodding in agreement.
“Sshh,” Steve quieted him as he pulled him into a hug. “You aren’t pretending to be someone else. You are remembering the person you were. There is a difference, and it will take time, but I have faith that you will learn to balance these parts of you.”
This got him two grins before they went to the table and did as he asked. Tony continued to flit around the kitchen as Steve and Bucky mmm’d around their breakfast. Not eating as much as normal, they were clearly saving room for the lunch Tony was preparing.
“You really think I’ll make it over there, Tony?” Steve asked as he met his eyes.
Steve shook his head. “I’m good, and I plan to march. Just staying still will be enough of a rest. Me and Tony will handle this.” Because Steve knew there was no way Tony would be falling asleep as they watched over Bucky.
(See the end of the chapter for
“He did not,” Bucky said looking surprised.
Although maybe he’d take a page from
could not break it, but as the curse’s victim,
She had been pretty. Her hair was almost the same shade as his, but their eyes were exactly the same. He had his mother’s eyes. Bucky realized that he kind of liked that thought as he resumed walking.
“What did they…what happened?” Steve’s voice was low, barely above a whisper.
Steve gave him a shaky smile. “I guess I’m not surprised. You know how to fix everything else, why not my breathing?”
Bucky swallowed his food before answering. “They’re healin’ up pretty well. The doc at the med tent said there wasn’t infection, so that’s lucky. They weren’t too serious to be honest.”
***Tony’s POV***
Tony watched as Steve’s ass was pushed back and swallowed the head of his cock. They both groaned at the new slower pace of Steve fucking himself on Tony. The long drag was so fucking good even as Tony fought to keep still and make Steve to do the work.  It was worth it to listen to blonde moan as he grew more desperate.
Bucky shook his head. “How…Where’d you learn to fix things like that?”
Tony gasped and coughed around the breaths he took before he could rasp out, “Green. Green, please…I need, need you…”
“Yes!” Bucky’s voice was wrecked. Between the deepthroating he’d given Steve and his lust, it had cracked saying a one syllable word. “Yes, sir.”
“Yes, you are, baby boy.” Tony murmured before he licked along the new length of Steve’s shaft.
“Sure, of course,” he answered distractedly, not really wanting to leave Steve.
Steve made a choking noise to keep from crying out as he clenched around Tony. Tony grunted as he pulled back then slammed back in again. His hands tightened on Steve’s upper arms as he began to set a pace. He kept his movements steady, enjoying the feel of Steve squirming under him as he was pulled back onto Tony.
At least, he was until this morning. He remembered how Stark (
Steve watched the skepticism on the faces of Sam and Clint. Natasha’s face, as usual, betrayed nothing. Of course, she was never one to believe in things like hopeful wishes. She was the kind of person who created their own hope through action.
No one had ever asked Steve that question since he’d woken from the ice. Who wants to ask a hero if his greatest sacrifice had really been an act of cowardice? “I didn’t want to die,” Steve told him. “Not really. But I didn’t want to live either. It was the same on the heli-carrier. I’d have rather died than go through losing you again.”
Bucky and Gabe both had to struggle to hold in their laughter as they marched along. Dum Dum could always be counted on for a crazy story.
Tony was an incredible person, and last night had made him so happy, knowing Tony shared their affection. As he turned and watched Tony moving a couple of small pancakes onto a plate before adding more batter, he thought again of how bad last night could have gone.
Steve who seemed to be trying not to squirm. The motion made Tony turn his head, and whatever blood he had left in his brain rushed downward. Steve was looking back at him. His eyes were dark, cheeks flushed and his breathing hard as he met Tony’s gaze. His eyes slowly looked down to Tony’s lap, probably seeing Tony’s erection making a tent in his pants. Tony’s eyes copied the motion and saw Steve’s own physical reaction making his khaki trousers bulge.
“What’s that, Tony?” They asked at almost the same time.
Tony Stark needed coffee. Very badly. Which is why he’s now standing in the communal kitchen in front of the state of the art coffee brewer.
Now that Bucky was slowly beginning to show signs of these things, Steve wanted to gradually introduce him to the concept of self-discovery. Or self-rediscovery in Bucky’s case. Everything would be Bucky’s choice, of course, Steve didn’t want to push him one way or the other.
“Are you familiar with Howard Stark from California?”
Tony thought on it. Howard was actually being honest. Everything he’d said fell into line with what Tony knew about his father. If Howard actually respected Tony, even if it was begrudging, it would make working together infinitely more pleasant. He would still be on guard. It was Howard so he had to be, but he could call a cease fire on their hostilities if Howard would. Tony wasn’t a fool. Obviously, Howard could do this without Tony and be successful. He’d done it before. Maybe now Howard would be able to do the work he’d done the first time when he’d worked alone and hadn’t been trying to outshine another genius that had been placed in the lab with him.
good at what he did. He didn’t know it, but a lot of people also called him kind. If a widow with kids or elderly couple didn’t really have the money to spare, he’d take something in trade. A cake or pie or crocheted blanket, anything they would offer for his time. He’d fixed an old woman’s furnace so she wouldn’t go without heat, and all he’d accepted from her was a lovely blue scarf she’d made him.
I will try to have the next chapter up by Sunday, which I am excited/nervous about because it's probably my favorite chapter so far. Wishing all of you nothing but the best!
Steve’s arms tightened around him as he laid another kiss atop Bucky’s head. “When you’re ready, you tell me what you can, but don’t tell me more than you’re comfortable with. I told you no matter how long it takes, or what it means for us, I’m gonna be here with you. I’m not giving up on you, Buck.”
“I…I know,” Steve gasped. “I don’t wanna lose him, he’s a good friend, but shit! I miss your mouth.”
Steve smiled. “He did have kind of an unfair advantage with that. He took a crash course on how hard-headed I can be when we first met. Did I ever tell you about that?”
who was straight and living in 1939 and trusted Tony. Steve, who would probably think he was a pervert for even thinking that. Steve, who was half his age. Maybe Tony was a pervert.
, he internally agreed. He looked at Bucky and said, “When I said I’ve been a daddy, I meant you. Just you. When I told you I liked it, I’d only realized I liked it because it was you giving me that name. You’re the only one.”
Tony was about to chime in when Steve added, “Then her roommates walked in.”
Steve’s hands ran soothing circles across Bucky’s back as he continued. “And I’ll never have to choose between you and Tony because he loves you just as much as I do, Buck. Remember how many times he told you that? He loved making you happy. When he gets back, he’s going to do what he loves the most, take care of you. You know he wouldn’t want you to doubt that for a minute.”
“It’s a hell of a difference, Stevie.” Bucky just sighed. “I love you, ya know that right?”
“So strong,” Steve repeated Bucky’s words as he started moving his hips faster. “And I love that I get to do this to you. You’d let down your walls for me and be used by me. You’d do this only for me.”
“You’re such a good catholic boy.” Tony teased. “How the hell do you remember that?”
“I’m not with the hotel,” Tony called through the door. “I’m a one-man search party.”
Tony grabbed his hand and slid his other back between his shoulders. He waited for the count to catch up in his head and stepped forward with his left foot.
“Only for me, Stevie?” And Bucky groaned at that thought. “You’re right. She doesn’t get to have this. None of them gals do. This is mine. To touch. To lick. To suck. I’m always so good for you, aren’t I?. I take you so well. You want my mouth, doll? Please let me taste you.”
Tony finds his calling. It wasn't that long of search. Time is passing, and Tony is slowly adapting to this new life. Of course, things can't stay too easy for long. Real life comes rolling through, and Tony just has to weather the storm. He's ready for any challenge, but facing his demons? Well, at least he's not alone.
The other two talked lightly as they walked through the cold December air, unaware that Tony was silently planning to make the yuletide gay, um…happy. Tony sighed.
Steve smiled a little, enjoying the easy peace of the moment. “Spaghetti and meatballs.”
The other man shook his head. “Not just that. What you’re doing for those boys? It’s more than most would, and I’m glad ya are. They’ve had a hard lot in life, most folks have, but they never complain. They don’t cause trouble running ‘round town. It’s good of you to look after ‘em.”
“I’m dangerous, Steve. I almost hurt you again.” Bucky shuddered at the thought that he could have attacked Steve during his episode. The knife was still lying on the floor two feet away from him as proof of what he could have done.
He was just a boy, barely eighteen maybe. His blonde hair was stained red as his head lay in a puddle of bloody gore. His remaining blue eye was sightless as it stared blankly at the tree limbs above them. Bucky remembered thinking that he’d looked so much like Steve, but not really like Steve. He wondered if the boy had family that would miss him. He wondered if he had been as scared as Bucky. Then, he remembered the way the boy had been charging at him when he believed Bucky was vulnerable reloading his gun.
“Yep,” Tony said, hoping this wasn’t going where he thought it was.
“You have a plan…attack?” Steve asked from a few trees away. “Really Tony?”
Tony was half convinced this was a dream.
“Sorry, Tony! I just…you said to bring Bucky up here when we were ready.”
“He what?!” Tony asked, astounded at his friend’s nerve and loyalty. He couldn’t believe that Abraham had risked everything to keep his promise to Tony, and he’d never even told him. Had this been why the man had accepted his fate? Because he knew Tony would be there to make sure his vision was completed? Tony didn’t have words for this.
The others had seemed to enjoy their night out. They had all said yes to Steve’s offer of joining his team before making the blonde buy half the pub’s stock of beer for them. True to his word, Dugan did indeed need to be carried back to the hotel, and Bucky had been right in knowing that Steve would be the one to do it. It was crazy how strong Steve seemed to be now because the way he’d carried the large man had looked effortless.
So, Tony began to plan for when they landed. He’d need to find the right bank after they left the base. Then, he’d need to find them a place to stay while they were in London because he was most certainly not leaving it up to the others to choose their lodgings. Like most soldiers they’d probably want to bunk down in a flop or a room over a tavern, and while Tony wasn’t the snob he used to be, he wasn’t staying there. Not when they were about to head back to the front soon enough. So, Tony planned.
Bucky shrugged. “I never saw him perform. It was before the war, but he was very strong. He was good friend,” Bucky finished lamely as he silently missed his comrade.
He wondered as Tony continued. He listened.
“Steve, the guy doesn’t deserve that respect.” Tony said, surprised the blonde was just going to take the abuse. “He hasn’t earned it.”
The rest of their trip was thankfully uneventful. Steve received regular reports on the wounded and their condition. It was a relief to know that the medics were working hard to keep the most serious cases stable, and that they would all probably survive the trip if things kept the way they were going. It turned out that Morita was really good with a radio. Even though he couldn’t cut through the interference to let the allies know they were coming without giving away their position, he could at least keep an ear out on some of the enemy’s communications.
“Why did I do this to myself,” Steve mumbled.
Dum huffed out a laugh. “Nah, you wouldn’t do that, I keep things interesting.”
Steve grabbed his hand under the table. “You don’t have to thank us for caring about you.”
“I do believe that answers your question, Dugan,” Monty said behind them.
Steve’s face looked kinder as he grabbed Tony’s numb hand to stop his rubbing and said, “We’re both worried about him, Tony, but you can’t let yourself go down this road. Yeah, it scares me not knowin' where he is or if he’s safe, but you’ll drive yourself crazy if you keep thinkin' that. Bucky promised to stay safe, and we need to trust that.”
Erskine sighed as he finally finished putting his research back in order. “I may have fixed this mess, but I am no closer to fixing my original problem.” He looked to Tony. “I know what I need to do, but I am out of my expertise in creating a solution to getting it done.”
“Sorry,” he croaked. His voice sounded like shit, so he cleared his throat and tried again. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to wake you. Didn’t remember my injuries until I tried to stretch. Not a fun way to wake up.”
Steve didn’t know how to respond to that because he knew deep down that Bucky was right. He’d lay down the shield today and walk away if that was what he had to do for Bucky. It was just off-putting how casually Bucky said it.
As they walked past a tent that was obviously for medical triage, an ambulance pulled in honking its horn. Men rushed up before it had come to a stop and shouted orders as they opened the doors and began offloading wounded men on stretchers.
There were two in particular he would have loved being closer to, but, seriously, how would that have gone? If Steve and Bucky knew the real him…No. They tolerated him now. Maybe even had come to respect him a little. Tony wouldn’t jeopardize that. He was better off being the team’s bankroll and technician. It made him useful.
played on the radio. It was so perfectly appropriate for the moment, and Tony just smiled and raised his glass in a toast. “Merry Christmas.”
And just like that, Bucky was moving toward him, and for once he didn’t look threatening, he looked desperate and scared. Steve’s feet began their way toward the other man without needing the command to move, and he met Bucky in the middle of the room.
Tony hesitated then sat next to him before picking up his own notepad. He gotten it a few weeks before and had been writing down schematics, ideas and equations as they came to him. It worked well enough, but it was no JARVIS.
“Oh.” Steve, now uncomfortable, looked past him to the repaired water heater. “I can’t believe you did all that in a couple hours. It’s just,” he shook his head, “you’ve fought in battles, and clearly you were an important guy. That suit you were wearing had to be expensive, like something a swell wears. You know how to repair appliances and lighting. You use a lot of big words when you talk so you must have had a good education. Is there anything you can’t do?”
“So Steve,” Tony began, “did you get to sell your art today?”
Tony had enough scars to know that his skin should not be healing this well. For some reason this made Tony feel like panicking, though he couldn’t really say why. He should be happy that he had fewer marks on his body. God knows he’d only just begun to tolerate the really visible ones. A person shouldn’t complain about good health and their bodies ability to heal so quickly.
Thor looked almost pained as he answered, “The only way I know of would be for him to
Besides, the only date Bucky and Steve had to worry about right now was the one Tony had planned for them.
“Roll over, sweet boy.” He told Bucky. “Just get on your knees and let us take care of everything.”
For a moment Steve thought he was having an asthma attack. He couldn’t breathe through the pain in his chest. Part of the audience had been the 107th? And Steve knew that Bucky hadn’t been among them because if he had, he would have found Steve and Tony.
They walked for two blocks until they arrived at a diner that sold the best cup of coffee Tony had found so far in this time. It was fairly crowded, but they found a booth for themselves towards the back. After the waitress had brought them their drinks, coffee for Tony and hot chocolate for Steve, they slowly sipped in companionable silence. Of course it was Tony who spoke first.
God, he missed Tony. The memories he now had of him were some of the best of Steve’s life, and he knew Bucky felt the same way. Looking at those memories, Steve could appreciate how hard it must have been for the man, knowing so much but never getting to explain. Steve smiled a little as he caught all the subtle hints Tony had given. Suggestions, insights and advice that were carefully worded to prepare them for a future they hadn’t known was coming.
Most of them shrugged as Dugan said, “Gotta find a place to stay, first. I want at least one night away from the army and everything that comes with it.”
“Wow, how old were you?” Bucky asked.
“You know that thing we agreed not to do?” Bucky asked, shrugging awkwardly. “Well, I kinda did it anyway.”
“You follow my orders so well,” Tony told him deeply. “Naked and spread out for me to use.” He placed a hand on Steve’s knee, squeezing slightly before he ran it lower along Steve’s thigh and stopped before he got to Steve’s dick, which was lengthening rapidly.
Bucky looked into his eyes. “Usually I’m the one with the problems talkin’ about this stuff. He didn’t hurt me if that’s what you’re wondering.”
Tony shrugged. “Same difference.”
“I know there is something
Tony felt like a fish out of water. He’d picked Louise up at the apartment that he was sure she shared with her parents, a single lily in his hand for her. Because you know, he was a gentleman. They’d exchanged polite words on their walk to the dance hall, where he’d told her they’d be meeting Bucky and Steve with their dates.
And they were dancing. Tony was doing the foxtrot, and it was fun. Hell, it was almost easy, of course most of the credit went to Bucky. The man was a damn talented dancer. They stepped and swayed together. Tony would spin Bucky out and reel him back in. He held him tighter as he quickly dipped the other man’s head back before snapping him up to meet his eyes. Bucky was smiling, and Tony realized he was too.
He walked around the table and grabbed Bucky’s hand again, pulling gently until the young man stood. Tony kissed him softly on the lips, tasting the sugar and apples from their breakfast on his sweet boy’s mouth, before using their joined fingers to pull him along to where Steve was still standing.
“Please, sir,” Steve corrected, “I’m sorry. Please, touch me, sir.”
Bucky was his other gorgeous contradiction. Strong bodied with lean muscles, his sweet boy hated fighting and violence. He did it because it was necessary. He was effortlessly charming and charismatic, but at the same time was so shy and unsure of himself behind the performance. He was truly Tony’s sweet boy who saw enough in Tony to trust him unconditionally and give him the loving role of daddy. Tony loved taking care of them both, and he especially loved how he took care of Bucky. He loved having someone to treasure. It was something he’d never had before.
“Ours.” Steve finished for him because that was the truth. Tony had walked into their lives and into their hearts. His sharp mind and quick wit were disarming. His humor and charm drew people to him. He was kind and generous and handsome.
Dernier nodded. “Oui, la résistance combattra toujours.’’
“I know, Mr. Jacobson. I’m sorry.” It was so plain to see how uncomfortable Steve was, but it seemed as though the other man couldn’t be bothered by that. “I’m just not used to this. Being on stage and speakin’ in front of people, it’s kinda new for me.”
Bucky nodded. “The dock foreman Mr. Talbot is about forty, and he looks much older than you.”
At that moment Steve entered the tent, and he waved his hand to dismiss the men’s attempts to stand at his entrance. “No need for that, guys. We’re all sharing this tent. We don’t need any ceremony here.”
“You listen so well, sweet boy.”
“The plan only half worked. There were two of us being held in the cave, but the other guy, he didn’t make it. He ended up getting killed trying to buy me some time.” Tony’s heart ached at the memory. His only friend in that hell, lying on the ground covered in dust, body riddled with bullets.
From the beginning of this story, I had been fascinated with the idea that after his encounter with Red Skull, Erskine would have studied the occult since he had planned to fight Schmidt throughout the war as he helped the SSR. If he hadn't been murdered, who knows what he could have been able to tell them about mythological lore and the tesseract? I also believe since he feared this to be a possiblity, he would have found some way to sense powerful magical energy around him. I know I would want to be able to if Red Skull was after me. I also loved the idea of Erskine giving Tony one of his inspirational father figure speeches. Damn you, Stanley Tucci, do I have to like everything you do?
Bucky shook his head. “He didn’t even know me then. Why would he care so much when he didn’t even know me? I was a nightmare those first few months.”
When Tony saw Steve approaching him, he swiftly moved forward and said, “I won’t say I told so.”
Later when the robot was confronted about his lies, he was told that by trying to prevent the human’s pain, he had only caused a different pain because of his dishonesty. The story struck a nerve with Tony and made him feel incredibly guilty since he was reminded of his own lies and omissions, but he still cherished his gifts and thanked his thoughtful partners.
Steve, eyes closed, managed a deeper breath and held it before slowly letting it out. He opened his eyes and looked straight into Tony’s. They were unsettled but clear, and he was still pale but not like he’d been when he’d stumbled into the apartment. “Thank you. Both of you.”
“Yes, Daddy,” he sighed as he sank into the soft mattress beneath him. The sheets smelled clean like lavender and mint as he stretched his body over them and laid his head to rest between his arms. After a moment he felt something cool and wet run over his back. His muscles twitched, but he was good and stayed still. When he felt two sets of hands begin to rub whatever it was into his skin, it became absolutely wonderful.
They listened to the radio while they worked. Tony vaguely recognizing a few of the songs, but as the morning passed he found himself liking the soft tenor of the old tunes. Who would have thought?
He kept running, keeping tight hold of his rifle until he finally found a crater to dive into. Dugan and Jones followed him, and Bucky took two seconds to catch his breath and look over to Dugan.
“Anything.” Bucky continued as if he’d never spoken. “I’ve fought for him, gone hungry for him, hell I’ve stolen for him. I’d die for Steve if I had to.” He looked down and took a deep breath before returning his gaze. “If I’m strong enough to do that, then I should be brave enough for this.”
Tony gulped as his mind began to race. It was only hours ago that both of them had been in this room on one of these beds making love as Tony listened through the door. He felt dirty. He’d violated their privacy, and here they were offering to share their bed with him so that he was comfortable and could rest.
“Tony, we don’t care about your scars.” Steve said before he hastily added, “I mean, we aren’t bothered by ‘em. They’re just a part of you.”
No more punishments,” he pleaded desperately as he fought off the weight of whatever was holding him. “Please, I won’t malfunction again!”
Byrne had turned even paler. Tony could see that the man knew what could happen. The butcher was generally a pleasant guy, who was helplessly in love with his wife, despite her indiscretions, and it made him very jealous and possessive. Rumor was he’d already put one guy in the hospital for being a little too friendly with her. The guy had been too scared to press charges.
“Let go, love. Right down his throat.” Steve panted as fucked into Tony.
“I guess we should be grateful for it,” Bucky concluded. “I’m not…I wish I couldn’t remember some of the stuff I have, but if it’s all or nothing, well I’m gonna try to focus on the memories that make me happy. I can’t promise a miracle, Steve, but I’m gonna try. Those memories with you and Tony are worth it. What I have with you now is worth it, and maybe they can help remind me that I used to think I was worth it too.”
Tony felt horrible watching Steve basically being ignored by his date, his discomfort written plainly on his face.
One asked when he would find a nice girl. He just replied with a rueful, “I’ve been looking. They just don’t look back.”
It's the morning after. How are our boys feeling now that everything has come into the open? And what's next in this new relationship? There's breakfast with the promise of an important discussion. Bucky tries to learn to accept some things about himself. Steve starts to take a look at his own preferences and the possibilties now available to him with Tony. But nothing is ever perfect, and there may be an unforseen consequence to their shared night together. Tony is NOT having that as the darker side of his nature resurfaces. Later on, the boys learn some new things, including that Tony doesn't fit in a box with a label.
Steve’s pupils expanded, and he shivered at his words. Apparently, Steve really liked that so he filed it away under the
“Suffer how?” He asked, voice tight. “Why?”
(See the end of the chapter for
The first time Bucky had experienced combat he had not been prepared. He didn’t see how anyone could be prepared. They had been walking along a road surrounded by trees when the earth around him erupted. Two guys from his unit that had been walking in front of him were no longer there, and Bucky had tried to find cover as dirt, branches, body parts and bullets rained down on him. With a tree trunk as his cover, Bucky had taken aim and begun firing in the direction of the onslaught.
“Yes, it is. I traded a soldier a naughty magazine for some a few days ago.” Tony replied as he finished opening the tin and handed it to Bucky. “Sorry it’s cold, but it’s better than nothing.”
How could Bucky think such a thing about himself?
To his side Bucky saw Dugan move to defend him, and he turned to grab the man’s shoulder. Dum was loyal past the point of common sense, and Bucky had seen what happened to others who’d tried to get in the way of the guards. He wouldn’t let his friend get beaten down and injured in a hopeless attempt to help him.
“Yes, you’re lucky to be alive,” Dr. Abrams told him, and Tony could see the scrutinizing look in his eyes. “Many of the witnesses to the accident believed you had been killed. To be honest all of us had doubts when you were brought in, but despite the severity of your injuries, your heart was beating so strongly it was like nothing had happened to you.”
Steve dropped him and backed away horror-struck. “Did I hurt you? I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to. I didn’t mean…I keep breaking things.”
Steve groaned loudly. His ass squeezed around Tony as he came untouched. His release landing on Tony’s chest and chin as he ground down on Tony’s dick. Tony felt a rush of relief as he followed Steve in his own orgasm. Fuck , it was so good. Waves of endorphins and pleasure poured through his body, and he was barely able to register Steve’s still spasming hole around him as he drifted on the high before he began to come down.
Just as they were making it to the door, the entire factory floor erupted, and giant flames rose to scorch the metal they’d just been standing on. The zipline was gone, smoking fragments on the railing were all that remained.
Bucky’s face betrayed nothing as he shrugged. “Yeah, he was broke with nowhere to go so we fed him.”
Bucky began rocking his hips against Tony’s hand, panting and gasping as Tony started to move a little faster. Tony could tell he was ready for another one so he steadied a hand against Bucky’s hip to slow his movements and added a second finger.
The one named Steve looked sad. It didn’t know why. It answered the question the best it could. Did Steve want it to know alright? Was Steve sad it didn’t know protocol? Would it be punished if it continued to make Steve sad? No, the one named Steve said he would not punish a Bucky. Bucky’s were not punished.
“Naw,” Steve drawled as his mouth formed a smirk. “I’m thinkin’ that I oughtta just keep tawkin’ to tha guy like the Irish punk that I am. So’s what if he don’t like it, right? Too bad for ‘im.”
“It’s just difficult,” Steve finally said. “I’ve never had to go so long without seein’ him, not since we’ve been together, not for a very long time.”
Once they’d exited the lab and had moved halfway down the hall, Tony couldn’t hold back a chuckle as he thought over the entire conversation. It escalated into laughter as Tony gripped his stomach to contain himself.
“He’s much more than that,” Steve told them, “though he’d never admit it. He’s seen combat and knows how to handle most situations he finds himself in. He taught me how to fight better than the army did. He’s been watching out for Bucky and me for years. We didn’t really have parents when he found us, and he kind of made it his job to look out for us. Trust me, he’s a good man to watch your back.”
Steve squatted down so he could speak more quietly, “I know, Buck, and I will tell you everything. Tony and I both will, but we can’t here, so later.” Steve looked into Bucky’s confused, tired eyes, and his voice broke. “I’m just so glad we found you. When I heard…I couldn’t let myself believe it. Me and Tony would’ve torn this country apart lookin’ for you.”
He should have known that Steve would say yes, but this was all still so new to him. Up to the day before he’d been the scary freak who hardly spoke and wore knives and guns at the dinner table. Granted, last night he’d still wore guns and knives to the dinner table, but he’d talked to the others so that was something, he supposed.
“Woah, you alright, pal?” He asked who he now realized was an older man in a brown tweed suit. He had graying hair, glasses and a kind face that registered even through his flustered mumbling of an apology. The man was looking down at his feet where various papers and books had landed.
They just continued to look at him. So many emotions flitting over their faces that he had a hard time reading them all. He was starting to get worried when they finally crossed the room and came into the kitchen. They looked at the pancakes on the table then at the pots Tony was tending to on the stove.
“Do you know what this is about, Tony?” Bucky looked at him. “I know you were talkin’ to the Colonel about stuff.”
Tony tried not to flinch at the sound as his pride was wounded. “Look, I know I’m too old for her, but I don’t think the laugh track is necessary.”
For his boys Tony would bake Howard a fucking cake and spoon feed it to him. He met Erskine’s eyes. “I have more than enough experience dealing with Howard.”
Thor’s head bowed as he closed his eyes. Steve could hear him speaking quietly to himself, but he didn’t understand the words or their meaning. After a few moments, Steve could have almost sworn that he felt their joined hands begin to grow warmer, the tips of his fingers almost tingling from the heat.
He looked into Bucky’s eyes, begging him to believe it. The other man drew a deep, shaky breath. “But I called you…”
“At least I now know when I will find him.” Erskine smiled. “Thank you, Tony. Though I am sorry that you were stranded here, I cannot deny that you bring me a great deal of hope and relief. It is good to know that I will not only succeed, but that the man I choose will be the right one. It is also good to have someone to talk with about this. Everyone else needs to see and believe that I am completely confident in this project. It is nice to be able to voice my doubts.”
“I’m not at liberty to say,” Tony said and before Bucky could object, he continued, “but I’m going to anyway. No more military secrets, I promise. I’m pretty sure that the Colonel wants our dear Captain to be on a special task force. Knowing Steve the way I do, it’s safe to assume that he already has some ideas about who’s going to be on his team.”
) than the other members of the team, probably because he spent more time with the man than anyone besides Steve. The genius inventor did regular maintenance on his arm, but his maintenance never hurt like Hydra’s had hurt him. He never slapped Bucky or cut into him or anything.
“There your are, honey.” And Tony recognized his voice now. “You feel me? Breathe with me.”
Steve finally let someone in, and you know it would need to be Bucky. You can't take care of everyone all the time if you don't take care of yourself some of the time.
Tony had been lying on the sofa as he tried to read from the newest addition to his personal library,
He was just putting the water heater back together when he heard Steve call for him.
“This is a hell of a lot fancier than the pizza place.” Bucky said. “What’s family style?”
Tony smiled at the two. “Merry Christmas, boys.”
A shot rang out, and the man flinched as his shoulder was struck by a bullet from Tony’s gun. Steve knew if Tony hadn’t been struggling to support Bucky, the bullet would have made a more fatal wound. He had been surprised how well Tony used a gun, though he supposed that he probably shouldn’t have been.
Bucky agreed, and his favorite Tony was when he was smiling and laughing. Bucky looked at the image of himself. That Bucky had looked happy, too. He’d looked so happy there next to them. Even in the middle of a war, all three of them had still been happy to be with each other.
“I can’t do that, Mr. Stark,” Tony noticed the change in how he now was being addressed. “It would be harmful to your health.”
Steve looked at him kindly. “It’s Ok to like things, Buck. You can ask for things you want and eat things you enjoy.”
If, god forbid, his plan failed and he couldn’t get back, he might be with them for a while until he could find work or somewhere to go. If they let him stay, that is. He didn’t want to think about not getting back to his time, but Tony was a realist, and he always had backup plans. If he had to stay…It would explain away his nightmares and his scars and the fact that he could confidently go up against four street thugs and subdue their leader without breaking a sweat.
“He slept on our couch that night.” Bucky said slowly. “The next morning when he got dressed I saw his underwear. I told him…I told him…” He closed his eyes remembering, and Steve’s jaw dropped when Bucky
“Sorcerer Supreme Mugwump of the Wizengamot for assholes. He was a doctor, but he had to quit when his head got too big to fit in the operating room.” Tony explained.
“Augsburg?” He continued, never letting his mask slip to show his reaction. “I’ve never been there, but I’ve seen pictures. It’s beautiful, so many styles of architecture and historical landmarks.”
“God, that smells good, Stevie.” He inhaled again before taking off his boots by the door. “Spaghetti’s my favorite.” Coming into the kitchen he looked at the set table, garlic bread stacked on a plate in the middle. “Oooh, garlic toast, too!”
Phillips nodded. “He told me you were important to the project and the war. Honestly, I just thought he was trying to make sure you kept your job.”
This going up sooner than I planned because I'm going to be hella busy the next couple days and didn't know if I'd have time to proof read and post. So, here it is! At least one day early.
For some reason Bucky didn’t quite understand, he kind of wanted to mess with the guy. He remembered that he used to like making jokes and decided that must be why. “We could do other things we used to get up to,” he drawled for the added effect, “but Steve said that it’s not polite to do that in the common areas of the tower.”
A cab was pulling up to them as Bucky leaned in to whisper, “It was, honey. I don’t know why you don’t wanna see it, but it was. You’re our hero.”
Steve blushed but looked relieved. Bucky was looking at him with a mix of approval, admiration and…something Tony couldn’t quite place.
As a big band song began on the radio, Bucky stepped back up against him, smirking. “Perfect tune. Let’s see what you’ve learned.”
Dum and Gabe moved back to give him space, but they didn’t go far. They couldn’t really because the cage was made smaller with them filling it, and there was already another man inside with them.
Colonel Philips had practically hugged him. Well, not really, but he stopped yelling at the person in front of him and nodded his head once at Tony before going back to berating the soldier. Tony figured that was as good as a hug from their imposing leader.
Steve seemed to be well known by the older people they passed, mostly, by what Tony gathered, to be women from church. He spoke to them respectfully, as they
Bucky chuckled. “O’ course he is. There’s no Tex Avery cartoons playing?”
would like, but maybe they could try it later sometime if it felt right. Possibly. Who knows? Maybe Tony did, he seemed to know a lot about this kind of stuff. They’d talk about it.
It’s harder to plan something when their empty stomachs only added to the tiredness of their bodies, harder but not impossible. Bucky remembered the week they’d been forced to go without rations because they’d been suspected of sabotage in the factory that had killed an officer. It had been a long week. Now, even with their rations returned to them, it was little better. Just sitting here talking felt like work, but it was a way to keep their spirits from breaking completely.
“Alright,” he accepted, “but just so you know, I’ve never done this before and barely know the difference between this thing’s shoulders and its ass.”
Steve pulled out all the way, then pushed back in again, going all the way down. His fingers found Tony’s nipples, and he squeezed them. Tony gagged around Bucky. His sweet boy just pushed in farther whispering, “Please, take all of me. Please, daddy.”
Tony shrugged. “He didn’t say much at all, really. You know him. It was mostly ‘Blah, blah, powerful threat, blah, blah, may concern you, I’m too busy to stop so you need to come to me, blah.’ As if I’m not busy?” He asked, affronted.
Once they were finally inside, Tony went straight to the couch to lay down. He sighed in relief as he laid back against the cushions.
“Apparently so,” Tony said grinning. “Lucky me.”
Bucky nodded quickly, “We are. Yeah, it was a little much to take in at first, and I don’t think I’d be as comfortable if you weren’t here to help with the menu, but this is incredible.”
Tony and Howard fight their own private war. Tony with Steve is adorable. We check in with Bucky at basic training and learn the thoughts he hasn't shared in his letters. In the present Steve finally learns to let go of some of his burdens as Bucky pushes himself to be there for his doll.
Thor had been quiet the entire time, listening to everything being said but voicing none of his thoughts.
Tony stood in the corner of the little medical room as he watched a nurse take vial after vial of Steve’s blood. The blonde was now so big compared to the little woman. His large frame overwhelmed the table he sat on, and his muscles couldn’t be concealed in the new shirt he was wearing. He could tell the other man was trying to come to terms with the events of that day. They all were.
Bucky felt himself melting as every sore and tight muscle he had was massaged. Every knot of tension was being undone in his back and shoulders. Four hands moved slowly over his skin. Two traveled higher over his shoulders and along his arms, even gently kneading the palms of his hands and tending to his fingers. The other two traveled lower over his rear muscles, the backs of his thighs and calves and feet. From head to toe their hands worshipped, and their soft voices never ceased to praise him.
take it. He had no choice really. He would never go back to what he was, empty and cold. He would never surrender his memories of Steve and Tony again. He didn’t know how, but they would find a way to beat this and get Tony back. He’d keep his promise. Tony would not be left behind to mourn them alone.
Steve smiled and shook his head. “Of course you have.”
He continued for another couple of minutes, scissoring his fingers and loosening Bucky, hitting his prostate every few strokes. “One more, sweetheart. You ready?” God knew Tony was, but like Bucky, he was very thick and knew he had to work in another finger to prep him properly.
“Regardless, you helped. Also, the name creates a problem for us and the real Stark if you’re going to be working alongside the Captain in the field. You two look similar enough, and we don’t need people to think he’s moonlighting as a soldier. So, since this is your second chance, and it would make things a little easier on our end, do you want a new fake name?”
Tony didn’t know the why or how behind it, but he was sure as hell smart enough to connect the dots. This curse, whatever it really was, wanted him to know Bucky was pain, and it was driving Tony crazy. There were moments when he closed his eyes, Tony could swear that hears his voice crying out. Other times he just hears a stream of numbers being repeated, and Tony has to force himself to think of something else.
I hope this was worth the wait. I've never written smut before. I hope the way they got together felt natural enough to be believable and didn't take you out of the story. I know the discussion they had before sex was vague in some parts, but I didn't like the idea of Tony throwing out terms and labels that the boys wouldn't understand so I had him try to explain it in ways they would. Plus, I believe that sexuality is fluid and don't like to label myself as one thing or the other because dynamic can change for a lot of reasons, depending on the person's head space at the time or the person they are with. It's why I wrote Steve to be so versatile since he has two very different lovers. He just wants to make them happy.
Bucky seemed to be forcing himself to get this out. “That’s…that’s why I talk so much during sex. If I know Steve’s listening then it’s a way to include him. When we’re together, it helps remind me that none of it mattered. We belong to each other. I don’t have to think of anything else but what he’s doin’ with me as he talks me through it. He takes care of me, and I like that.” He finished quietly.
Steve shuddered upon giving his confession, and he felt Bucky press closer to his side, keeping him together. Steve could barely see through his tears. “Everyone was right, Bucky. I‘m weak. It turns out that it had nothing to do with my body, and inside I’m still the weak and useless person they’d all said I was.”
“If anyone could, it would be him.” Bucky answered softly. “Tony’s stronger than anyone gives him credit for. Like you reminded me earlier, he would wait forever for us, and Tony keeps his promises.”
me feel good, making me desperate and overwhelmed. I wanted to
He held out his hand and Tony shook it. “And to your family, as well.”
It was smart to not feed them in the evening, Bucky thought grudgingly. It’s the only time the prisoners had together when they weren’t constantly watched by a guard at their side. A couple guards would walk and keep watch over their cells, but this was the closest to privacy they had.
Steve’s face softened but his eyes looked sad. “Please don’t pretend that you aren’t suffering and think we won’t notice. We know you too well for that to work. Seeing you that upset the other day was very hard for us. We love you, Tony. If you’re still upset, then let us help in whatever way we can.”
Bucky nodded, “We’re just thankful that wasn’t the only option because that would have…been somethin’ else for us to handle. I don’t really wanna think about it. We’re not judging you or anythin’, but…”
Steve finished for him in his head.
“Stuff in their bras?” Steve asked slightly scandalized.
Thor turned back to answer him. “Whoever did this to Stark was both powerful and cruel. They marked you, and most likely Barnes as well, to pull Stark through time to you. For whatever reason, you are the focus of this spell. He is locked there, bound to you by this magic.”
“I believe it is the least we can do,” Monty told him. “Every man here owes you their life, Captain.”
Ignoring his dick and refusing to let his thoughts wander, he decided to focus on the positive. He’d done it. He’d given his boys a real Christmas. He’d made them so happy today, and as a reward the universe had given him this gift. Both of them curled around him sound asleep.
Staring at his equations and theories on the notepad Bucky had brought him, he realized that he was just doing this out of habit and desperation.
Tony felt it hit his body as his arm swung up and sent a repulsor blast through the ceiling.
“Well, when we make it back, I’ll try to remember to buy him a cheese basket.” Tony said. “He obviously can’t get enough of the stuff.”
Abrams face was becoming red in his frustration, and Tony could understand to some degree. He was the medical Holy Grail, a once in a lifetime opportunity for study that could result in the doctor publishing his findings and getting the recognition of the entire medical community. It was for these reasons, however, that Tony couldn’t allow them to keep him here.
“How could I not?” the man called across the distance as he looked Steve over. “I have seen all your films!”
“It took you long enough, then. Do you know how long it takes me to fall asleep? I actually have to stay still long enough to fall asleep.”
“Who?” Barton asked interestedly.
Tony felt his eye twitch, but thankfully it was covered by his menu. Taking a breath he said, “Sweetheart, you can get anything you want, and I mean that, but I had hoped to introduce you to some of my favorites and see if you’d enjoy them too.”
“I’d sooner design and build my own war balloon. I could use your over-inflated ego to fly it to Germany and gas Hitler myself, you pompous windbag!” Tony wanted to punch him so damn much it almost hurt.
Bucky threw out an arm and pulled Steve into the embrace. They stayed there, enjoying the calm, happy moment.
It was then that he registered the warm bodies on either side of him, and it all came rushing back. He was in bed with Steve and Bucky. He’d gotten injured. The events of the previous day snowballing behind his eyelids as he remembered exactly why he was here, cuddled between his roommates. Now that he knew their secret, it felt wrong to be here in the middle.
“I would, really, but I’m new to this neighborhood and seem to have gotten lost. I don’t think I should just keep wandering around blindly. You never know what kind of people are waiting to take advantage of the vulnerable.” Tony rambled as he slowly drew closer to the group of assholes. “I mean, this is the first alley I turn into, and I stumble across a herd of troglodytes beating on a man half their size. I really don’t want to go find worse because, honestly? This little scene has made me sick to my stomach.”
Steve was looking at him, his eyebrows pinched in concern. “I can’t believe I’m going to say this, but I think you need more coffee. You’re really out of it this morning.”
Bucky laughed at the adorably eccentric man. “So where are we going tonight? What’s the surprise?”
They’d made it back. With the enemy’s map and supplies they’d found; Bucky had been able to get them to safety two days later without losing any more men. Bucky had been told he’d receive a commendation and most likely a medal for it. A captain and a colonel had shaken his hand and told him they were proud of his achievement and heroism.
**Steve’s POV**
And Bucky knows that Steve and him are important to Tony, but why? He never understood how Tony treated them like they were special, like they mattered, even when Tony barely knew them. The thing that had always been most odd to Bucky was how little Tony thought of the things he did for them. Many of which were incredible, yet Tony acted as if it were perfectly normal things to do.
Tony nodded as he bent to grab Bucky’s duffle. “Yep, we’ll tell you on the way. If we don’t get moving, we’re going to be late, and you know how Francesco gets if we’re late.”
“I’m gonna call bullshit on that one.” It was Bucky’s turn to talk, apparently. “You looked like you were fighting for your life.”
“Are you sure that you’re up for that?” Tony asked surprised. “I understand if you wanted to wait.”
Erskine frowned. “He is your father, Tony.”
“Tell me why you hate Howard Stark.”
Sam’s eyes widened a little at that, but he didn't say anything. Natasha’s eyes were mischievous as she smirked at him. Bucky thought she looked proud. Bruce just sighed and cleaned his glasses.
“Was it really that bad today?” He asked kindly.
“Tony,” Bucky said with widened eyes, “we’re eating here?”
“Whatever for?” Tony’s face morphed into shock. “I just came to have a neighborly chat.”
” Steve had guiltily remembered.
It was a manly groan. Period.
“What’s happening?” Clint followed.
“They can feel things very intensely,” he told them. “Emotions like joy, usually having a sense of euphoria.” That actually sounded kinda nice, Bucky thought. “Their capacity for pain is also affected, and they are no longer able to judge their tolerance for it reliably. As the top, Steve, it is your responsibility to monitor that.”
“Yeah,” Clint chimed in. “Wouldn’t there be some alternate timeline that Stark created with a new Cap and Barnes? And how come none of us are affected? I mean, I know we weren’t there like they were, but I don’t think anything I’ve learned from history has changed, and if someone was going to change history just by being in the past, it would be Stark. He ain’t exactly low profile.”
He repeated this process a few more times before increasing his speed. He added his hand at the base and matched the rhythm of his mouth. With his other hand, he collected some saliva that had escaped his mouth onto his fingertips and gently brushed the skin of Bucky’s perineum.
just kept running through his mind. He hated his chest. He knew what it looked like. Even Pepper hadn’t wanted to look too closely at the scars on his torso around the reactor. It was even worse after the reactor’s removal.
A little over an hour later, Tony was laying on their couch with his head resting in Steve’s lap. The blonde’s gentle, slender fingers were running soothing strokes through his hair. After several minutes Steve broke the silence.
in charge. Their lieutenant was among the severely wounded they were trying to drag back to safety with them, and the other officers that outranked him from the other companies hadn’t made it out of the fight or had already succumbed to their wounds. For some reason the other remaining sergeants deferred to Bucky. He didn’t know why.
Tony grunted in surprise as his stomach was hit.
They both scrambled onto the mattress, laying side by side, then looked up to Tony standing over them. He grabbed his semi-hard erection and gave it a few long strokes, feeling it grow thicker in his hand as he said, “I haven’t been doing a good job taking care of you. It’s time to fix that.”
for years too.” She teared up a little as she continued. “And now I get to see him whenever I want, without making an excuse to my husband, who never liked my brother. That’s another blessing to come from him leaving, even unexpectedly like this.”
Not waiting for a reaction and ready to get this back on track, he went to the bed and crawled over to them. He kissed Bucky before turning his head to kiss Steve. This time he let his mouth linger in the kiss as his hand went to Bucky’s thigh. As he slid his tongue into Steve’s mouth, his hand also slid up higher until he got to Bucky’s cock.
Tony was fucking milking him. Steve’s dick was slick with pre-come that spread from Tony’s moving hand. His poor prostate was in a constant state of stimulation and varying amounts of pressure. He wasn’t going to last. Just like he knew Tony wouldn’t stop once he came.
“Can I?” Steve motioned to his chest nervously, and after a couple moments consideration, Tony nodded.
Her eyes watered before she wrapped her arms around his shoulders and hugged him. “You’re a good man, Tony Stark.” She whispered in his ear. “Thank you for your discretion.  Please know that I’ll keep your secret as well.”
Tony sighed as he leaned his head forward to rest against Steve’s now chiseled stomach. One day Tony fully intended to find out if could clean his shirts on those washboard abs. “You’re right, baby. Of course, you’re right. I’m just tired I guess.”
, Tony’s brain helpfully reminded him as he moved from his hiding spot and set off after the brunet, knowing Bucky probably needed some cheering up after this. Tony needed a little cheering up of own, too.
Bruce chuckled. “No, your mug is safe for now.”
Tony answering smile was worth ten plane rides to see.
“I’m gonna kill someone for this.” Bucky said flatly.
“Look, I’m not here to make a bunch of promises I can’t keep.” Tony defended. “That’s what the politicians in Washington are for.” Philips grunted, and Tony took that as a win. “I’m a hell of a lot more useful and smarter than those assholes anyway, and I’m very good at what I do. I can build or fix anything. If you want proof, test me. I will pass expectations. I’m here because this war got very fucking personal for me, and I’m going to do everything I can to make sure that our soldiers lives aren’t wasted by idiots whose biggest concerns are re-election.”
“So, Stevie, did your guy buy any of your sketches today?”
Howard laughed at that. “I don’t see myself married with kids. I’d be horrible at it, and I don’t like failing at something.”
He went to the icebox and removed the remaining bottles from the top compartment before placing them in the bottom section. “Can’t let them get too cold.”
“Shit, Stevie!” Bucky was up and across the room, grabbing the smaller man and almost carrying him to the couch that Tony had just jumped up from. Steve was gasping with choked off wheezes and holding his chest. Bucky pulled Steve down to sit between his legs, his back resting against Bucky’s chest. “Come on, breathe. You gotta calm down, buddy, and breathe with me.”
Steve groaned as he focused his eyes to find Tony’s face. “Not what I was wondering,” he panted. “Dammit Tony, I didn’t want to come yet.”
Steve’s brave face was almost perfect. If Tony didn’t know him as well as he did, he probably wouldn’t notice a thing. Tony thought back to the Steve from his time and realized how much the man had been holding back. Now that he knew Steve, Tony could look back at all the small signs that their fearless leader was far from OK, and no one had guessed the extent of it. If Tony ever made it back, he was tempted to blast all of them with a gauntlet from his suit for their blindness, himself included.
“Correct me if I’m wrong,” Tony couldn’t help but interject, “but from what the doctor has told me, the amount of power that would be needed to run the Vita-ray generator would be massive. You’ll probably blow out the power grid for several blocks.”
“It’s nothing.” He said with a wave of his hand as he left the room and closed the curtain.
He pulled back slightly and kissed each of them. “This really was the best day,” he whispered. Tony could feel his exhaustion returning so he pulled away. “On that note let’s get some sleep. Steve and I will make breakfast in the morning, and we can all talk about moving forward with this.”
Okay, so maybe Tony had talked the landlord into a reduced rate for both of them instead of just letting him live rent free for his services. Tony didn’t technically need to live rent free, and this would help her considerably.
All four of the goons spun around at the sound of his voice. Behind them Steve looked past his attackers and met Tony’s eyes. Confusion and defiance flitted across his face.
“Color?” Tony asked not moving his hand as he waited for Steve’s answer.
Of course, he knew Bucky would worry anyway. Steve was still set on trying to enlist despite the argument it had caused when Bucky found out. Honestly, if Tony didn’t know what he knew about Steve’s destiny, he would probably be on Bucky’s side of this argument, but he did know so he decided not to take sides and let them
“It’s not ganging up if it’s true,” Banner added as he grabbed his own seat at the table on Natasha’s other side. He held out a mug of coffee for her to take, and her lips twitched in a small smile. Bucky’s eyes narrowed at the gesture, but he didn’t say anything on it. It wasn’t worth speaking for something like that, and it wasn’t his business anyway.
Steve still looked uncertain. “He’s in charge, Tony.”
Bucky swallowed his food and answered, “Dernier was a feisty little Frenchman. He joined the Resistance in Marseille and learned to love blowing stuff up. It’s what got him captured in the first place.” He cut another piece of waffle and bacon. “He was in our cell, and one day he mixed up a batch of some stuff that ruined one of the machines. It killed one of the top HYDRA officers, and we had our rations taken away for a week. Never thought I’d miss the crap they gave us ‘til it was gone.”
It didn’t take a genius to figure out what would happen next in the scene.
“I can read very well, sir.” Steve said quietly.
At least he now had a plan and not just some hypothetical situations that he couldn’t act on yet. It was something that gave him a great sense of relief, and he knew the only reason any of this was possible was because of his new friend Abraham. The man been true to his word, and had gone above and beyond in his promise to help Tony. Erskine had vetted him through the process of not only joining the army, but had vouched for him to the head of the SSR.
so they can have heat and still afford to feed their family. Just because you end up getting something in return for the work you do doesn’t make you selfish.”
Steve couldn’t say exactly what it was, but it was there in his eyes and smile and the way he looked around himself sometimes like he was seeing something different than the people around him.
As an inventor? Sure.
Tony skidded to a halt when he turned a corner and saw Erskine hovering in the background on the opposite side of the main entrance. Between the doctor and large open doorway, Steve and Bucky stood having a not very quiet argument.
“Jeez, Rogers, personal space!” Tony balked.
The voices weren’t real. Why was his mind doing this?
They both looked at him, clearly conflicted and near panicking as they tried to process the scene around them. Eventually, they both nodded in silent agreement and wrapped an arm around either side of him to help him walk, which was nice because Tony could feel the strength leaving him. God, he was out of shape. He hadn’t sparred in months.
Steve knew that Bucky struggled with what he liked in the bedroom. It had never bothered Steve, and he was happy to do anything for the man he loved. Hell, he
Tony didn’t wait long before he began to pull his hips back, ready to sink back in. His hand traveled up Steve’s thigh, moving inward until his fingers ran over his stretched rim where Bucky was deeply buried inside him and slightly moving with Tony’s slow thrusts. Steve gasped.
Tony shook his head. “The shirt stays on.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“So how much is taboo art selling for these days?” Tony asked, looking through the sketches. They were pretty racy, but Steve’s talent was undeniable, the perfect balance of sensual and sexual.
Agent Carter opened her overly painted mouth to explain why it was necessary for Steve to still be a lab rat now that the procedure had worked, and they wanted to recreate it. Yeah, Tony hadn’t missed the lust on her face as Steve exited the chamber or the fact that she’d copped a feel. Tony wondered how she’d react to someone touching her chest without permission. When Tony had looked at those muscles, he'd just thought of Steve's pain.
“Please,” he all but pleaded, “let’s just go home and get this bandaged.” He wondered how long he’d be able to call it home after this.
“It has taught me to see the measure of a man beyond what most people see. I know you are a smart man, most likely the genius you joke of being, so I know you have at least guessed that I am a man of science. Recently, however, I have come to learn of the belief of others in the mystical, a form of the divine outside of Christianity. At first, I believed it was merely a delusion of a psychotic and evil man who used that ideation to give himself an even grander sense of importance. To believe otherwise would have made him even more dangerous.
Michael chuckled but added in a serious tone, “You’re doing a real nice thing, ya know?”
After a few more tense moments, Bucky calmly stood and slowly approached him, not stopping until he was at most a foot away. Tony once again noticed how muscled his arms were and the fact that the man was an inch taller than him. Those blue-grey eyes seemed to pierce through him and see into Tony’s mind.
“So that’s it,” Bucky said numbly. “How long do you think it’ll take for them to decide?”
Tony’s mouth against his neck felt good, better than that. His nerves were alive in a way they had never been before, and Steve was embarrassed to find himself already hard from just a little kissing. It just felt so damn good.
There, that was close enough to the truth. Yay honesty!
“I’m still sorry you weren’t able to find a way back to California.” Steve had said towards the end of their meal. “Your family back home can’t help?”
“Holy shit, Stark is butterfly effecting them.” Clint said from his perch on the back of a chair, looking like a spectator at a ballgame.
He didn’t know what that meant. He didn’t care. He just wanted this to stop. He couldn’t listen to whoever it was making the noise anymore, so he started his chant: name, rank, service number, name, rank, service number.
Bucky made a choking sound around Steve’s dick then whimpered. Steve’s hips jerked from whatever Bucky’s throat did as he made the noise.
“I didn’t exactly plan on being here.” Tony muttered, but he knew they heard him. “I was supposed to have a meeting with an associate,” he continued, thinking on his feet while trying to be truthful, “but apparently, they’d already been working with someone else and hadn’t told me. It was something of a hostile takeover and I was given the boot. I, uh, kind of lost everything.”
She smiled again. “It’s Louise. Louise Selby.”
Probably since you were young, you learned to put it off and put it off and never let yourself
“I’ve been coming to the realization that I probably won’t be able to change anything.” Tony admitted quietly. “I shouldn’t be here, but I have been for over two years. My presence, realistically, should have created certain changes, however small, that would have effected certain things, but everything is still happening just the same. It’s only the details that are different. They’ll still go to war, and they’ll still…”
Tony watched Steve prepare his jump then turned to Carter, “See you soon, Agent!” He looked back over his shoulder and yelled, “Miss you already, Howard!”
Steve approached them, equally naked, and he ran his hand through Bucky’s thick hair. “So good, love.”  Steve then looked to Tony. “Tell your boy how good he’s been today.”
Bucky was hunched over on the couch looking like he was desperately trying not to cry. Steve sat next to him, looking lost at what to do for his best friend. Tony’s heart stuttered.
The others nodded and began to move away, but Steve said, “You know, you can call me Steve. I don’t need the title.”
*****
Her eyes sharpened a little as she looked at him. “Though I have to say that the biggest surprise wasn’t that he left, though that was certainly a surprise. No, it was when I went to the landlord this morning to tell him about my husband leaving. He explained he already knew because
“You’re safe, and we love you.”
“Oh God, Bucky,” he breathed as he rushed over, “what happened? Are you alright? Did you get hurt?” Tony was going to kill the bastard that hurt him.
“Please. Please touch me!” Tony said through his tears. “Please touch me!”
Tony met his eyes. James really had nice eyes, like the sea before a storm. Eyes that were serious and full of faith. “Thank you. Your right. This was a setback, but it could be worse. I’m sure I’ll figure this out in no time.”
He didn’t look at Howard’s face as he turned his head back around. He couldn’t look at him, or Tony was sure he would burst out laughing.
Steve climbed in and laid beside Bucky, who latched himself to Steve’s side as quickly as he could, his metal left arm resting on top of Steve’s chest. He felt the muscles in Bucky’s body relax as soon as Steve curled an arm around him.
Tony understood, he really did. This was new for them. They had been together for years. Years to learn about the other’s wants and discover each other’s bodies, and now there was a new person being introduced into something that was very private between them. Hell, it wasn’t just private, it was a secret.
Tony quickly stepped inside and closed the door behind him. “Hey, beautiful, I’m glad to see you smiling.”
Damn telepathy.
Tony didn’t think he could be loved. But Steve loved him. And Bucky loved him. They may not be able to tell him the whole truth of it, but they would sure as hell show him in the ways they could.
“Tony, what are you doing?” Steve asked confused. “I thought you had to get to work.”
Steve sighed as he set down the knife on the cutting board. “I guess,” he began slowly, forcing the truth from his lips, “it was too painful.” He looked up to meet Bucky’s eyes. “It reminded me too much of before. I always cooked for you, and now I remember cooking for you and Tony, but before it was just too difficult to separate the past from the present. Back then, every day I would cook and know you were on your way home to me. You would walk through our door and pull me into a hug or kiss.”
And wasn’t that just Steve Rogers in a nut shell? He’d known Tony less than twenty-four hours and was willing to house and feed him even though he and James had precious little to spare. He called him his friend. Not teammate, friend. Tony’s chest warmed someplace where his heart should be.
This was what war was. Fighting and guns and soldiers could only get you so far. If you wanted to survive, to win, you had to be smart.
“Where do you live? I’m walking you there in case the goon squad tries to follow and finish what they started.” He wasn’t going to leave Steve to those gorillas, and if Tony was being honest with himself, he was latching onto Steve as the only familiar face he had right now.
He pushed against Steve’s shoulder. “Lay back, baby boy.” He ordered, watching as Steve stretched his legs forward, spreading them wide with his knees bent and feet firmly planted on the mattress outside of Bucky’s opened legs. He laid himself back against Bucky’s chest and rested his head on the brunet’s shoulder. Tony watched as Bucky’s arms came up to hug around Steve’s torso, holding him close.
Tony listened to this unfiltered confession, learning more about the young man before him.
“Do you mean suggesting room and board?” Monty asked. “Because I know of a few locations that most soldiers stay.” The others, except Dernier who’d never been to London before, nodded.
“Kiss and tell?” Tony finished for him. “Fine. Leave the kissing out and tell us about the other stuff. Was there other stuff?” He asked, waggling his eyebrows.
Tony takes a day trip with Dr. Erskine. Later that evening he goes on an outing with his boys. In the future Steve tries to cook but is sidetracked when Bucky starts asking some really deep questions. Basically it's grumpy army colonels, Italian food, more Italian food and a question of philosophy.
“You see, Ruth?” Tony told her as she fluffed his pillow and adjusted the blanket both she and Steve had insisted on. “I’m one of those miracle stories. You’re friends with a miracle. You’re so lucky.”
Bucky grabbed his other hand. “Take all the time you need, Tony. We’d wait forever for you too.”
He could still see the doubt Steve had as he asked, “And you’re sure this is alright? I don’t want you risking yourself over not wanting to be here.”
He also realized that raising his voice wasn’t going to do anything but make Howard dig his heels in harder. So Tony took a deep steadying breath before he stated in a calmer tone, “This is a man’s life we’re talking about. If we do this wrong, he will die. Regardless of how well you or I have done the math, I think further tests are needed. We owe it to whoever it is that will be putting their life in our hands. That was all I was saying.”
Then, he remembered actually volunteering information when Stark (
“Oh no, I’m fine,” Bucky said sarcastically.
The answer was no. Tony was just as happy as he’d always been when he looked at him.
I always felt cheated that we never got to see Steve adjust to his new body other than that one wobble and fall while he was running. It would have been a huge adjustment. So, I wrote that for myself.
“I shouldn’t have said those things,” Bucky countered wetly, all he could see was Steve’s eyes. “You don’t need to be reminded of what we had, not when I’m this way. Shouldn’t have said it. Now the others will know. I can’t be a secret.”
Sex was the only time Bucky let his guard down and fully accepted someone taking care of him. Hell, he’d even begun to accept the care Tony gave them in day to day life without feeling like he owed something in return or was somehow a failure for not providing for himself. It was just the way Bucky had lived. He’d watched over his mom, sister, and (even if Steve hated to admit it) Steve himself. Thanks to his drunk of a father and a mother who doted on his sister, Bucky had grown up without much care or attention by the people who were supposed to love him.
Bucky actually felt a stab of guilt as he remembered ripping off one of Sam’s wings before kicking him over the edge of the helicarrier’s deck. He wondered if he should apologize for that, or would it just be too awkward since so much time has passed? Yeah, Steve had forgiven Bucky for trying to kill him, but that was Steve.
“I know it’s stupid, but…”
“Would it help if I told you that I know your name isn’t Anthony Stark?” The man asked, and Tony’s shock couldn’t be kept from his face because what the fuck? The colonel looked unimpressed. “Do you honestly think that I didn’t run a check on you when Erskine suggested you for the project?”
“That…little fuck’s…a que…”
Bucky smiled, looking relieved. “Of course, Stevie, and speaking as someone who had that attention focused on him, I don’t imagine anyone not liking it.” Bucky looked to the side, thinking. “So you think you’d like both? You having control with me, and Tony having control with you, or do you want to be with Tony like you are with me too?”
Tony was still going to tell the butcher in the morning, just in case Byrne decided to do something stupid like try and cross Tony. He had to cover his bases, after all.
“I swear to you, Steve, that I will be there the whole time. I have helped design and build every piece of machinery. I have gone over every equation at least five times. I will not let anything happen to you.”
I want to note that at this time in our story, my grandmother would have been waiting with the rest of her family for news about her brother, my great-uncle. He was stationed at Pearl Harbor the day of the attack. It took days before they finally learned if he was alive or dead. In that time news reports were coming out about the expected loss of life. More than 2,400 American sailors and pilots died in that attack. Over 1,000 more were wounded. Over 300 planes and 20 naval vessels were destroyed, including 8 battleships. For those who know your history, you probably guessed that Mr. Gallagher's son on the U.S.S Arizona did not survive. That ship was tragically hit with a bomb that smashed through the deck and hit an ammunition magazine. The ship exploded and sank with over 1,000 men trapped inside. The Arizona, along with the Utah, are still there beneath the water where people can visit to pay their respects.
Tony stared back at the wide-eyed expressions of Steve and Bucky as he staggered to his feet. This was bad. So bad.
When Steve realized that he was finally fully naked in front of Tony for the first time in this body, he grew a little uncomfortable and looked to the side.
“It wasn’t better by much,” Steve ruefully admitted. “We almost came to blows by the end of it.”
impressive), a custom made fine Italian suit that not only accentuated his shoulder-waist ratio but also greatly flattered his ass, was well worth several thousand dollars. Tony was self-aware enough to admit he was a little vain.
*mio amico-my friend
Both sets of eyebrows lowered further in confusion.
What he’d called Tony last night, though? That had shocked him once he’d recovered from his orgasm and started thinking clearly. He’d just said it without thinking. The way Tony had spoken to him, almost disciplined him at one point, it had just put the word in his mind. He’d tried to hold off and told himself not to say it. He’d done so well until he’d come, and everything whited out.
An image appeared in the room of old reel footage of the Commandos. All of the men could be seen standing together as they moved and spoke without sound. There in the center was Steve with Bucky and Tony at his sides. Steve had his hand on Bucky’s shoulder, and they seemed to be laughing as Tony was talking animatedly in a brimmed knit-cap, sunglasses and peacoat. Bucky hadn’t remembered that yet, but he felt like it was fast approaching.
this. I was too proud and blind to what I was doing, to the lives I ruined because of my negligence. That’s who I am. My own father couldn’t get rid of me fast enough, and the man I thought of as an uncle, who helped raise me, tried to kill me, twice! And I never saw it coming. That’s how broken I am. I thought a murderer loved me, but he tolerated me like everyone else so he could use me.”
There had been an awkward moment during the evening when Peggy Carter had shown up to give Steve his orders on the time to report in the morning. Bucky wasn’t sure why that had been necessary since Steve had planned to go in anyway, but judging from the dress she had been wearing, he supposed the real reason was to make an impression. The impression was certainly made to every other man in the place, but unfortunately for her, the attempt at getting Steve’s attention wasn’t successful.
He wasn’t OK, far from it. He knew he would eventually have to address what was happening with his body, or not happening when it came to signs of aging, and the fact that he was apparently healing better than he had any right to. Again, Tony looked at his hand where he knew the invisible mark of the curse still lay, hidden but not forgotten. He wondered why it was doing this, if that was the reason for it and that he wasn’t just overly paranoid. God, he hoped he was just being paranoid.
Maggie, Buck. You shoulda heard the disgusting things he was saying. It’s not right to let him spread that shit around about her. She’s too nice a gal for that.”
Tony’s face looked wicked as he smirked at the reaction his words had gotten. “You like that, baby? You wanna be a good little soldier and follow my orders?”
A lot happens in this chapter if you couldn't guess from the length. Needless to say, this is what history looks like when Tony is in the passenger's seat. Enjoy!
Tony was completely filled. Both of them were so deep, and it had been so long since he’d had this.
Bucky deserved that, and so did Steve. Tony had this.
Welcome to pre-war Brooklyn! I got to indulge my love of history with this fic. Please note that some words and phrases are going to sound odd. I did this whole thing where I researched the slang from the period I'm writing about. People spoke differently then. I did this to emphasize the culture shock that Tony would undoubtedly have to deal with. It's the same thing poor Steve would have experienced upon waking up to this century. You have to admit that some of the slang we use today is odd, but we don't think twice about it.
To both of their relief, the tests they ran were all successful. They were able to tell the colonel as much before beginning work on the next piece of equipment needed for Project Rebirth. It would be the station that Howard himself would operate while the chamber was saturated in Vita-rays. They were going over the schematics of what they believed it should be. Tony knew this was just the first of many drafts, but it felt good to be moving ahead while knowing it wasn’t at the expense of Steve’s safety.
Tony exhaled heavily and began to raise his shirt. He hesitated when he got to edge of the wrappings at his chest but then thought
Bucky thought this had a lot of rules, but he trusted Tony. He was in charge after all, he thought wryly. Then he remembered. “So if I have enough of these chemicals, I won’t feel pain?” Bucky asked. “How can I tell you to stop?” He kind of worried about that aspect of it.
He made sure to fold the blanket and stack it on the far arm rest out of the way. Not really knowing what to do with himself after that, he decided to get dressed in the only clothes he had. Thankfully the suit wasn’t that rumpled. James walked out of the bathroom then, dressed in a similar set of work clothes as yesterday.
“Did you want to die, Steve?” Bucky asked in a whisper. Steve wondered what his face looked like but couldn’t bring himself to check for fear of what he’d see. “Were you trying to kill yourself?”
Tony’s breath caught. Was this happening? Should he let it? God, he wanted to. His mind battled over what he wanted and what was right. But Bucky was drunk, so this wasn’t right.
“I’ve had worse.” He answered, but took a deep calming breath anyway.
“I do appreciate it,” Bucky said, “but I’m worried about Tony. Did any of you come up with an idea on how to help him?”
“You can’t just work there for free, Tony.”
Across the table the two smaller figures were completely absorbed in one another.
*****
“My sweet boy, asking so nicely.” Tony ground out as his hand fully closed around him and his hips began to lose their rhythm. Fuck, he was close, but he kept talking, trying to bring Bucky over the edge. “Be a good boy. Come in my hand, sweetheart.”
“Nope.” “No way.”
“It’s meat from the butcher and ice for the icebox. I figured you could have some bacon with your eggs and beef with your potatoes.”
True to his word, Tony had booked himself a cabin somehow. Steve didn’t know how the man was able to get away with half the things he did, but he suspected that money, intimidation and the ability to confidently lie at any given time had to factor into it. He’d at least expected Tony to be interested in the ship and its engines, but no, Tony had gotten progressively quieter throughout the voyage. He’d stay tucked away in his cabin working on his gauntlet thing or staring at his cracked watch with his glasses on. Steve didn’t know why he would wear sunglasses inside a ship, but figured it was a quirk best left unmentioned.
Joe seemed pretty cocky considering the last time they’d met in an alley. Of course, he had backup and wouldn’t be taken by surprise this time. Tony really didn’t give a fuck. He was so tired and frustrated, and he really wanted to beat the shit out of something. He felt his mouth curve up in a smile that felt almost shark-like, and he calmly walked into the alley.
He entered the bar that was closed to the public at the moment, and spotted Tony sitting on a stool at the long counter. The dark wood of the countertop shone, even in the dim light, but the beauty of its shine could not compete with Tony. He looked like an actor in a movie. Dark, handsome and brooding as he leaned forward, his elbows on the polished wood. A tumbler of amber colored liquid was held in his hand. In his other hand, he held a cigarette.
“Yeah, thanks JARVIS,” Steve called as he rounded the counter to get back to his meal prep. “We appreciate it.”
When he finally stepped out and approached the glass wall that ran the length of the workshop, he could see Bucky standing in the middle of the room with his eyes closed, crying. His hand was clutching the table so tightly that the metal had buckled under his strength. Worry flooded Steve at whatever was causing Bucky’s distress. Was it the pain in his head? Was it the association he made with it to that fucking chair that had taken everything from him?
“Ah,” the man nodded, “are you that sociable, or is it a busy mind?”
He could hear them talking softly as he approached, but when he entered the room, the conversation died. If Tony was prone to paranoia, he would think they’d been talking about him. Okay, maybe he was a little bit paranoid.
Yes, Tony lied, but only about himself. Bucky had seen it more times than he could count these past three years. It’s like a mask would slide down over his face, covering everything except what he allowed you to see. Maybe Bucky was right about Tony being an actor. He hid his emotions in the role he was playing and spoke his lines as the scene required, especially when hiding his truth.
“I see him!” Steve said at his side, and a moment later Tony caught sight of Bucky.
Steve gave him a dry look. “Does it really seem like I can start courting a dame right now? I can barely provide for myself.”
. I love my ma and sister, but Steve, he’s…It’s always been us, us against the world. People tearing him down because they think he’s too small, judging him against their own fucked up ideals. My old man tearing me down because he couldn’t deal with his shitty life, and my ma just pretending it wasn’t happening. When Sarah died, I had to take care of him. I’d promised her, and she’d always been so good to me. I’ve always looked out for that punk.”
“Well, not all the time, no.” Tony said.  Bucky looked up to him in confusion. “We’ve all got dates tonight.”
Steve ran a hand down Bucky’s back as he said, “I’m not the Steve who lost you either, not really. He drowned in an icy grave. I woke up here lost and alone, and I had to adapt. It took time and work, but I did it. I’m still doing it.”
Tony had always preferred to quietly make something amazing, then once it was perfected, bask in the attention and awe it resulted in. Yes, Tony was full of himself, but he didn’t need a ten-step program to have his ego stroked.
Bucky shrugged as he chewed his food. “It was a bitch of a walk, but I made it. Feels good to lay on a cot, and I feel a bit better every time I eat. All things considered I feel pretty good.”
It was the most thoughtful gift that Tony had ever received, and he had told them so through his wet eyes. It made him homesick sometimes when he read it. He missed his bots and JARVIS, but the pain of his loss was always dulled by his two loves, his sources of light. They carried him through time with them.
) had introduced them to. He remembered forcing himself to answer the first question about the songs he liked.
makes me think of Thor for some reason, but I liked it.”
He struggled to focus his eyes because that voice sounded real. Growing clarity made the touch feel real. Finally the haze of his mind broke, and he saw… “Steve? Tony?”
“Ready when you are, Cap,” Tony told him before they quickly moved to position. “When I give the signal, Steve, throw me into the back. I’m good, but I can’t run as fast as a truck.”
When Steve met his eyes, Tony felt a swelling of pride. Steve was finally believing in himself. He was finally seeing what Tony had always seen.
Steve chest loosened at the sincerity in that answer, and the fact that Tony was now meeting his eyes. “Then trust us to handle this. It’s only for a few days and…”
He looked directly into Tony’s eyes. “I don’t like you, Anthony. I didn’t when I first heard of you, or after, when I met you. I saw someone who was going to try to take what was mine, so you were my enemy. I realize now that I was wrong about your motives. I can admit that, but I still don’t like you. I don’t like being reminded where I fall short. I don’t like having to think ‘What if I cared a little more?’ I don’t like feeling uncertain about me being the smartest person in the room. So, I don’t like you for those reasons.”
Steve loved getting to physically unleash now that he knew Tony wouldn’t be seriously harmed from it. The bruises on Tony’s skin had also lessened in severity as Steve’s control had grown, but Tony treasured each and every one he did receive. To everyone else Tony was Captain Roger’s very capable and commanding assistant, but beneath his clothes those marks proved that Tony was so much more than that.
“Good,” Bucky said after a while. “let’s see if we can add a few fancier movements. Dames like that, when you pause to bend ‘em backwards a little then snap them back. Spin them out and twirl ‘em back against you. Use your foot to slide theirs out and around in place of the side step.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony shook his head. “Impossible. I could never be disappointed with you, baby boy. Never.”
When he finally managed to open his lids, it was to see Dugan’s face above him. He couldn’t see much else. It was dark, but that didn’t make sense. Hadn’t the moon been almost full? That’s when it all began to come back to him. The sudden attack, the men dying, the blue light and the fight that followed all crashed through his mind as his senses returned in rush of adrenaline. His upper body sprang into action as he tried to sit up, but Dugan’s hand landed on his shoulder and pushed him back to the ground.
“You’re not proving much to me if I do all the work.” Tony said as he swatted the ass in front of him and brought his hips directly behind Steve’s again, letting the tip of his cock lightly rub against the reddened opening. “Go ahead, soldier, earn my dick.”
Steve gasped at a particularly hard thrust. “Yes! Fuck yes! Deeper!”
***Steve’s POV***
And Bucky saw it. Like a switch had been flipped, Tony’s face changed, and his eyes cleared as he unleashed that dazzling smile. “I’m so excited to spoil you both tonight that I’m mixing up my pronouns. It going to be great. Just wait until you see some of the things they’ll have there. Howard Stark’s supposed to give this big presentation, but I will bet you another ten dollars, Bucky, that it will crash and burn. Hell, it would be worth paying ten just to see it,” he smirked.
“When you went to the enlistment office.” It wasn’t a question, but of course, Tony wasn’t stupid. What else could have happened to Steve that he’d want to talk about from that night?
Erskine leaned forward and rested his arms on the table. “I’m going to be very frank now with you, Mr. Stark. I have been through more than you can imagine. I have been at the mercy of some of the worst people on this planet. It has taught me a great deal, even though I never expected to live through the experience to use what I learned. It has taught me much of the words people choose to speak, and that what they do not say is often vastly more important.”
While Bucky continued to fuck his face with Tony’s dick, Steve reached back and grabbed a handful of Tony’s hair. “Been thinkin’ about this since I saw you do it to Bucky.” He said, his voice full of authority. “Now it’s my turn. I’m gonna ride your face, and you’re gonna make this good for me.”
“Get in the tub, sweetie, and lie back against Steve.” He said as he continued stripping his clothes.
Steve rounded the island counter and stood in front of Bucky. He softly cupped his cheek. “You may be right about some of those things,” he conceded. “I’m not going to tell you how you should feel about what has happened to you, but I will tell you how I feel. I don’t believe you ever lost your soul, Buck. I can’t. There’s too much that proves otherwise.”
Tony had been known for his narcissism, his ego. It was a product of his brilliance and success, and though he was still brilliant, he was hardly a success. Almost broke and sleeping on the couch of two people kind enough to take pity on him, Tony was a far cry from the Genius. Billionaire. Futurist. Philanthropist. he used to be. (He hadn’t really considered himself a playboy in a while) And here were these two amazing young men acting like he was something special when he hadn’t done much more than change a light bulb.
“It’s better.” Steve told him. “Once I stopped fighting the new memories, they just kind of started falling into place naturally. It’s pretty easy to ignore for the most part.”
Tony gently ran the back of his fingers against Steve’s cheek as he looked into confused blue eyes. “I wanted you to know, with no amount of uncertainty that I am hopelessly, absolutely crazy about you, both of you.”
As he approached a large group of people all talking quickly in worried and angry voices, he paused to take in the scene. Mr. Flannery who owned the bookshop saw him and called out, “Did ya hear, Tony? The Japs attacked Pearl Harbor in Hawaii!”
Bucky’s chest warmed at the thought, and he smiled softly as he started the task.
Tony had done it right this time around and look at everything it had given him. Two wonderful people who loved him, and the chance for him to truly love someone back. Tony had once believed he loved Pepper, and he had, but it was not the kind of love that he now got to have. Unconditional without expectations was the type of love that most people dreamed of but never found. Tony had never even allowed himself the dream, but he’d somehow managed to find it anyway.
Bucky let out a shaky exhale as he melted a little more against the hand on his neck, taking the comfort Tony offered. It was done less out of dejection and more out of relief and acceptance. He was showing his faith in Tony, his belief that Tony really would take care of this. Of Steve. Of Bucky. Tony’s chest warmed. This was something he knew he could do, was good at. He’d provided for his teammates back home. Allowed them to live without the worry of paying bills. Buying them things that he knew they’d enjoy so they could destress and just live for a moment like normal people who deserved to be happy.
“Love you too, Stevie.” He murmured quietly.
“It’s not your job to take everything on yourself, either.” Tony corrected him. “You’ve worked hard for years. You’ve taken on so much. You’ve got a lot to be proud of. This isn’t your fault, James. You haven’t failed. You just need some time to figure this out. Let me help you. This isn’t you asking, this is me offering. Friends can do that for each other.”
That made Tony pause for a second. James was asking
“Oh, I can,” Tony cut him off because no way was he going to let this jerkoff tell him anything of the sort. “I work for Captain Rogers, not you. I go where he tells me, when he tells me, so you had better get used to my presence here. Don’t worry, I promise to avoid you as much as possible.”
He’d tried to be casual when he’d asked Steve for waffles and bacon. He knew he had to work at asking for things he wanted. Steve had smiled happily and told him that was a great idea, and Bucky had felt a little proud of himself. He’d given Steve a way to care for him while reminding himself that he deserved the things he liked. And Bucky liked waffles. They’d had them a few times since arriving here, and he thought they were delicious, especially with blueberries. Tony liked blueberries, too, he thought fondly.
“Follow me,” the older man huffed as he led Steve across the yard to a different set of buildings. As they neared a set of barracks that Steve knew was usually unoccupied, the colonel finally spoke. “This was not my decision, Rogers. I don't believe you have any place in this man’s army, especially for what we're trying to accomplish here. I admit you've surprised most of us these past few months, and you try as hard as any man I’ve ever seen. Hell, you’re smarter than most, but I think it’s damn irresponsible of the doc. Regardless, it is not my choice to make.”
But something was wrong. His chest was tight, and his breathing quickened. He felt anger and fear, followed by pain before heart breaking guilt and worry. The feelings always came faster than the thoughts that inspired them, so a split second later, he was overcome with the actual events of that December.
Silence rang heavy in the room. Steve felt another wave of memories flood him, but he viciously shoved them away to the back of his mind.
Dernier said, “Ça m’étonne que tu puisses faire ça avec tes blessures. Comment se pas la guérison ?”
“A good color for a soldier,” Tony praised as his fingers started a fast and hard rhythm in and out of Steve’s ass. The hand on his dick moving just as quickly, pushing Steve towards the edge that was already so close. “Do I get to train you?” Tony asked. His voice was thick with lust. “I’d love to ruin this tight ass, but it might be too much for you. You might not be able to handle it.”
coffee; he just would have killed for some. He realized the other two had stopped eating. “What?”
Steve knew Bucky still wasn’t as comfortable with the other Avengers as he was with Steve, but he hoped that would improve over time. He also hoped his teammates had patience with Bucky while he adjusted to everything. He figured that as long as Bucky didn’t shoot at them too often, it shouldn’t be a problem. If anything, he should be shooting at them less after remembering more of who he was.
***Steve’s POV***
“It won’t happen.” Bucky said because he needed to believe it. “He’s as average as they come, and his head is as empty as a shell casing.”
“Now I know you two are messing with us,” Sam said. “That man doesn’t know how to make anything other than coffee. I was warned by JARVIS when we moved in to not let him try to cook anything.”
Natasha, in particular, was a very unforgiving teacher. She didn’t pull punches and believed the best incentive for learning was the desire to avoid pain. She wasn’t wrong.
He relished in the scrape of the other man’s nails against his neck as his tongue was overpowered by Steve’s. He was a hell of a kisser. He felt Bucky slide up against him and start kissing up the other side of his neck. He was surrounded by them; both of their mouths on him, and the thought was intoxicating.
Steve then reached forward and signaled with a touch for Bucky to stand. He gave Bucky a gentle kiss filled with affection before he turned to Tony and pulled him forward by the neck to kiss him far more harshly than Bucky. He dominated the kiss as his tongue pushed its way into Tony’s mouth, licked across the edge of his teeth before going deeper, and Tony submitted.
Tony had been brought by Dr. Erskine to the super-secret and oddly hidden facility under a curio shop in Brooklyn. He’d passed it a few times every week and had never suspected that this store was the front to the super-soldier program the SSR was conducting.
“You’re the one who keeps bringing up his legacy,” Tony reasoned. “What’s going to happen to the company when you’re gone? I know most young people think they’ll live forever, but I can promise you that is not the case.”
Tony goes on a day trip to another borough in New York where he runs into someone. Literally. Later, we see how our boys are doing as Bucky tries to learn how to deal with who he was and who he is.
“Seriously, what the hell is going on here?” Clint asked. “Is this because of Stark? Are all those new memories making you two…um, cuddly?” He gestured with his hands at Bucky’s head still resting on Steve’s lap.
Tony looked at him, leaning in. “A person decides what they are and what they want. Sometimes a person isn’t strictly a dominant and leans toward switching like you mentioned last night. You said you liked both, not that you’d done both, but you
You stood against four men to defend Steve when you didn’t even know him, and you think you’re a coward? You’ve done more for us than I can even…and you act like it’s nothing. Like it’s no big deal that you’ve made our lives better, so many people’s lives. You’re brilliant, and instead of trying to nickel and dime everyone to get rich, you work for
There, that wasn’t too bad. It just sounded like a temporary setback. Tony would bounce back from this. But reality started pushing down when Tony remembered that his sob story wasn’t true, and he was in way worse trouble than what he’d said. Technically, he was a nonperson. He had no valid I.D., no social security, no birth certificate. What was he going to do?
Tony felt a sense of déjà vu as Steve finally jumped. He grinned as he leaned out the door and shouted, “Ma’am, I have a plan…attack.”
Tony pffted at that. “The depression was horrible, and people are still struggling, but things are getting better every day. Yes, this war costs money, but it is also
Steve nodded helplessly until he felt Tony’s fingers pull free from his mouth. He sucked in a breath then panted, “Yes, sir, please!”
Bucky’s smile was small as he looked at his friend. He really liked the guy. Dugan was one of the only good things about this place, but he was too tired and worried over his lovers to fully enjoy the joke tonight. “As if any other fella could compare to me, Dum-Dum.”
Steve thought and began to form a plan.
“Thanks, you guys. I think I’m going to try to get some more rest if that’s OK?”
“You’re so precious to us.”
She grinned. “I’ve seen you in here a lot, but I didn’t know you could be this charming, at least when you’re not trying to sweet talk a free licorice lace from Edna.”
Eventually, it hadn’t bothered him so much as he understood that was just the way the man was, constantly in motion with a mind that never stopped working. Over time he grew used to the fast talking genius. Bucky still didn’t talk during the maintenance. It was against protocol and usually led to punishment.
Tony sighed. “I am far from a saint,” he conceded, “and I have done many violent things in my life, but never to innocent people and only in defense of myself and others. I learned the hard way if it’s them or me, it will be them. Every single time.”
The blonde just looked at him seriously before asking, “What’s wrong Tony?”
From his right Bucky heard Dugan say, “Well that looks…new.”
Steve hated the people who’d done this to Bucky and countless others, and he promised himself that no matter what happened when he returned to camp, he was still going to make them pay. Steve was going to burn their world down. He looked back to the men who had become Steve's lead group and watched as they were making their return. They looked over at Bucky, whose eyes were already closed with sleep, and smiled before coming over to Steve.
“Nothing,” Steve shrugged it off, “I caught the edge of a trash can with the back of my head after that last punch.”
Tony was pleased to see that the small turkey he’d managed to get was almost ready. He began the final steps for the side dishes.
Steve shook his head as he thought back to one of their first days of school when Buck had been upset that four other boys had his name, and Steve had piped up and told him that he’d call him Bucky. They’d been best friends ever since. Bucky had always continued the tradition of renaming every James he found.
Steve’s shock was finally replaced by a new expression as he looked at the bloody fabric like it was offending him personally. “We need to get you to a hospital.”
Bucky smiled kindly. “That’s not a bad thing, doll. If I can like the stuff I do, and it’s OK, then you can get off watchin’ your two fellas together.” He smirked, “Especially if I can have you in my mouth while you’re doin’ it.”
She looked at him warily. He could understand her hesitance. Her husband just left her, and here was this man she barely knew playing the sympathetic card. “Thank you.” She said softly.
“Oh, I love when you beg.” Tony growled before he leaned forward and bit down on Steve’s shoulder.
Steve woke slowly to the light shining through his eyelids and the sound of murmured voices. He opened his eyes to look for the source but saw an empty bed. He figured Bucky and Tony were already up like always and making breakfast. He inhaled deeply and caught the smell of something cooking and the usual aroma of Tony’s coffee.
Steve heard Bucky’s arm recalibrate to that answer, and yep, Bucky was definitely upset, even if he couldn’t act like it right now. It was probably a good thing they were both so drugged because the last thing they needed right now was a code green when Bucky attacked Banner.
Steve never backed down from a fight.
**Steve’s POV**
“Grazie, amico! But please, call me Francesco.” He said as he directed them to the table and laid out menus for them. “You say this was a surprise?”
They had effectively crippled the isolationist movement that had so far kept America out of the war, and in doing so, they’d signed their own death warrant. They’d also doomed countless future soldiers gearing up for war, American and Japanese alike. Soldiers like Bucky who had gotten in line early that morning and signed their lives away.
Steve nodded before smiling, putting up a shield over his feelings. “Good, I hate cooking for just myself.”
**Avenger’s Tower**
Steve looked up from the paper, and Bucky knew his own confusion matched Steve’s as the blonde asked, “You’re not coming with us?”
Phillips leaned forward to put his elbows on his desk. “I hope you don’t think that I’m stupid enough to believe that. As big of a pain in the ass as you are, I’ve always known you were smarter than most people. Do you know how many men could keep up with the likes of Howard Stark in his own lab? Not many. But the thing is,” the man continued, “you’re more than a brain. At the camp you proved that you could run a drill just as well as any soldier. Hell, you did it better than some of the men I’ve sent into battle.”
Tony turned to look at Steve. “God Bless America,” he said. “Gotta love that bureaucracy sometimes.”
Tony and Bucky burst out laughing. Steve’s face was equal parts embarrassment and pride.
Steve was touched and awkwardly humble when Tony admitted he should be their official leader. It made the most sense, Steve’s name would go further than any of theirs in terms of public opinion, but it wasn’t the only reason. Although he was technically the youngest Avenger, Steve had proven time and again that he was a master strategist and could lead the fight in any battle, no matter how hopeless or desperate. Tony was Iron Man, but Steve Rogers had an inner core of steel.
He couldn’t believe he’d broken down like that. Again. He’d
**Bucky POV**
. He could totally see how they reminded her of Steve and Bucky. They were a cute couple.
Steve huffed a laugh, but he appreciated Tony trying to make this more comfortable for him. “I think I liked you being in charge as much as I did because it let me watch, more than I would have if I’d been the one deciding things.”
“No, I know that,” Tony assured them, and Bucky was not at all surprised that his partner was offering this, but at the same time he was. Hotel rooms for several nights in London would not be cheap, even with the war going on.
He’d told them how Monty may have liked the finer things like any English gentleman, but he fought just as dirty as any of them. He’d carry around a holster of grenades that he loved throwing at the enemy to start a fight. He’d called it “a jolly good surprise”.
“Pain?” Bucky asked, very confused. “Why would there be pain?” Steve was always careful with him. Tony had been too.
“One or two.” He answered vaguely.
“It’s better than only eating what you’d want,” she told him coolly. “I’m not eating pizza and chips at every meal.”
The farther they went, Bucky felt his senses becoming sharper, and it was easier to walk, then almost run. He finally allowed himself to believe this was happening. His partners had come for him and were rescuing him from hell.
“What happened?” He asked him dazedly as they began to move forward with him in the middle.
It really was the perfect gift. If, ya know, he could just control his dick.
“Lay still and be good, love.” Steve said, breathing hard as he began to move faster.
Bucky hurried to obey, and Steve held up a hand to help him into the water. “Come here, love. Let me help you feel better.”
“And the two of you won’t?” She asked.
“Fair enough, but you have to admit that it sounds like something Justin Hammer would build. I mean, after Rhodes and that whole “ex-wife” missile. It definitely sounded like HammerTech to me.”
“I’m not sure that I follow,” Monty said as they made their way up.
“A soulless machine doesn’t spare or save the people they are told to kill.” Steve smiled softly. “When we moved into the tower, you said you knew I was hurting but didn’t know why. A lack of understanding doesn’t change the fact that my pain bothered you. It bothered you enough to try. You ran with me and talked to me. You read books I suggested and discussed them with me. You let me bring you to the VA even when it made you uncomfortable, and it was all because you were trying. Someone without a soul doesn’t try to be a better person.”
He didn’t want Tony to push aside his issues. Steve wanted Tony to use him as he worked through them. The same way he wanted to use Tony dominating him to work through what he’d been feeling. He needed to feel something other than the weight of Bucky’s absence. He needed to remind himself that he wasn’t useless like the army and everyone else kept telling him he was. He needed to let go and just focus on physical sensation. He needed Tony.
Of course he and Tony had had sex without Bucky before. They’d all been together over two years, and everyone wasn’t always home at the same time. However, a relationship without Bucky being present just felt so alien to Steve, and he couldn’t fully explain why. He loved Tony so much. Different than Bucky, sure, but he knew it was the same way for all of them, different reasons behind their love.
“Please look at us.”
“No,” Steve corrected, “younger than that. Most of the fellas we know who are forty have lines all over their face and rough skin.”
No, you really shouldn’t, was what he couldn’t say, so he just pasted on a smile and pulled Steve into a half-hug, getting him to start walking. “Come on, man. It’s my last night. We gotta get you cleaned up.”
Tony seemed to guess that Steve’s sense of touch was changed by the serum, and he was testing every ounce of Steve’s control by the time he’d reached his inner thighs. Steve groaned. “Tony, please. I’m so hard.”
“You should listen to him, Stevie. I get the sense that Tony’s a pretty smart guy.”
As Bruce began a series of potential solutions to Barnes’s neurochemical imbalance, the damage between his synapses, the trigger words he still had and the possible assistance in recalling lost memories, Tony had begun a careful examination and repair of that beautiful metal arm. He had explained how he was working to get the Avengers established as a private group who could be called upon to help save the day, but wasn’t directly under the thumb of an official organization. They would be self-funded and maintained.
When he entered the apartment, he first thought it was empty since neither of his roomies appeared to be home. As he began to cross the room, however, he heard a faint moan from the bedroom. His first instinct was that Steve was sick, and he quickly went to check on his friend, hoping it wasn’t serious.
James chuckled. “That’s some fancy drawers ya got Tony. Don’t think I’ve seen that style before.”
“I know, me too, believe me. I really was about to walk away and ignore it, but then…”
“Yeah, lots of good food and talking. Speaking of,” Clint said looking at Steve. “Cap, why didn’t you talk about all of the Commandos this morning? You never even mentioned Sutton. I know he’s not the most popular Commando, but still, did you not like him or something?”
“Another James, Buck,” Steve elbowed him.
Monty looked thoughtful as he said, “With a proper room, I may be able to ring my family for a quick visit and short stay while I’m here. They’re only a few hours away.”
Then, James’s eyes looked toward Steve. “Fucking hell, Steve! What happened?”
move over his friend’s face before he choked out, “Stevie.”
“Tony….” Bucky moaned then panted, “Please, please…more.”
Steve’s sigh broke the quiet moment. “He’ll make it, right?”
He broke the kiss as he released his grip on Steve. The blonde made a noise of complaint, but it ended when Tony moved over to kiss him passionately. He and Steve’s interactions were usually a little less tender than the one’s he shared with Bucky, but on certain occasions they were both in the mood for something softer, a heartfelt connection.
The men on watch quickly pointed their guns as they sensed the approach of people, but as a few of them recognized him, they lowered their weapons and shouted, “It’s the Captain!”
“It’s your fault, baby.” Tony told him. “You’re the one who taught me to stand up to bullies.”
Tony refocused his eyes to look at Bucky who was slowly removing his own coat and shoes, never breaking eye contact with him.
“Tony, we don’t hold that against you.” Steve said seriously. “Whatever you’ve done, we know you’re a good person, and we appreciate that you would want to protect us.”
“You are right.” He nodded as if willing himself to believe it. “They cannot win. Perhaps I will visit again when the war is won.” He shook his head. “Forgive me. This is a special night.”
Tony tries and fails to be OK. Trust his boys to put things into perspective for him as he finally owns up to his bullshit. Maybe he just needed to be reminded of what really matters and realize that he was tired of worrying with nothing to show for it. Later, a visit to the future shows the effects that some memories are having.
“I could also swear,” Tony continued, “that I know your wife is sick to death of you. We both know you don’t deserve her. I think this would be the final straw for her. After all, she has friends at work that she could stay with. I’ve heard them remind her of that. Several times. It would be so much easier for her splitting rent with someone who would support themselves.”
Tony smirked. “Oh sweetheart, I’m not the one who’s going to be sore.”
“The man’s an ass, Stevie.” He told him, eyes still closed.
Tony rolled his eyes at himself as he took another drag from his cigarette. Even if Steve believed him, which was not likely without proof, it’s not like Tony actually knew where Bucky was. He didn’t have the location of HYDRA’s top-secret base in his address book, but he knew Steve would eventually find out if they followed the timeline. So, Tony just tapped his foot and smoked his tobacco and tried to ignore the numbness in his hand.
“Zat one,” the man said again as he pointed to some unlucky bastard in the group.
He released Steve’s throat and pulled him down for a kiss. Steve fell forward limply. Their mouths moved together in unhurried, sloppy movements. Their tongues gently caressing the other’s as Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s back and held him close on top of him. His beautiful boy was in his arms where he belonged after eight days of them being separated by Bucky’s absence.
It was a long time before he stopped crying.
He still worried, though. There were so many things Bucky could do that would ruin this, so many things that could make Steve realize that he was making a mistake.
“Yes, Rogers, we definitely need the whole story.” Tony added.
He leaned forward and began kissing along Bucky’s chest, and he was melting as he felt both of their mouths on him. He let himself get lost in the sensation of their hands and lips moving over his skin. He felt small between them, but he knew he was safe. He was safe, and nothing hurt.
“Meaning?” Natasha almost barked.
Steve, still blushing, was shaking his head. “I only draw what you tell me about, Buck.”
Steve was sassy and stubborn and brave; beautiful with his high cheekbones and thick lashes that framed those sky blue eyes set off by blonde hair, and slender, graceful hands.
Steve looked just as tired as Tony felt, but he also appeared a little uncertain as he looked back into Tony’s eyes. He was about to ask Steve what was wrong when Steve said softly, “I hope I did everything right. I know it wasn’t all the stuff we discussed, and I know you’re used to more…p-pain at some moments. I just didn’t want to cross a line, and I know I’m not the most imposing person to submit to. I’m not even strong enough to move you around like I want or really hold you down, but I tried. I’ll understand if you don’t…”
Bucky closed his eyes and concentrated on every memory he had of Tony telling him he loved him, calling him sweetheart, kissing him softly like Bucky was something he treasured. “I miss him,” he admitted. “I miss him, and I’m so scared that even if we don’t lose him to this curse, I’ll lose him when he gets back.”
God, he hoped Tony was going to wreck him tonight. Steve needed this. So. Fucking. Much.
always taken care of
“After he fixed the radio and the kitchen light.”
Thank you again for your patience.
“From Fresno, right?” Tony chuckled, and Steve saw the man grin back.
Stark grabbed the tool again but didn’t approach it. He just kept looking at its face. “Now, if you’re ready, I’d like to start by opening the plate by your shoulder.”
Another moan had Tony struggling to remember what he’d been about to write as his dick twitched in interest. Fuck. The last thing he needed was to catch wood while listening to Bucky screw some girl when Steve was sitting next to him. He shifted a little, thinking of dead puppies and Justin Hammer and the Hulk’s naked ass he’d seen that one time.
Steve left around midday to meet the guy who bought his sketches. Tony had wished him luck then was left in the empty apartment. After staring at the quiet space for a few minutes, he decided to wash up. Looking in the mirror, he studied the stubble along his jaw. His trademark Van Dyke was losing ground against the new growth. He took stock of the personal hygiene items in the small cabinet behind the mirror and collected what he’d need.
“Oh, forgive my manners,” the man said. “I am Major James Montgomery Falsworth, former brigadier of the 3rd Independent Parachute Brigade, or as our hosts charmingly call me, Prisoner 49275.”
Millie came back with their drinks and took their orders, leaving the two men alone again.
This shouldn’t make him this hot. Hell, he’d watched people have sex in front of him, been in a couple of orgies, pushed the limits of his own sexuality more times than he could count, and it had almost never gotten him to this level of arousal so quickly. Maybe it was because the couple having sex didn’t know he was listening. Or because Steve was sitting right next to him and he had to try to hide his arousal.
“Yes,” Steve smiled before looking at Tony more seriously. “I don’t want gold or the earth itself, but I will take one day.”
Bucky had taken on a lot of responsibility from an early age and having that burden removed, especially by someone he trusted, would probably be very appealing. Bucky had always taken care of Steve. Was this how Steve took care of him?
Tony sighed. “No, not camping exactly, it was more an…imprisonment by enemies kinda thing.” Both their jaws dropped. “But it was years ago, I’m fine now. Well, except for being completely screwed over and stranded here with no way to get home.” Tony cleared his throat. “I’m gonna fix that though. It’s what I do. Trust me, I’ve been up against worse odds and come out of it much better off than I was going in.”
James spoke slowly. “Tony, you didn’t have to sell your things to buy food for us. We…”
“If they weren’t enhanced by the serum,” Bruce explained, “they probably would have suffered some form of brain damage from this.”
Bucky came up short on that, so Tony looked at Steve. “Every report about us will have our names. Howard Stark is known to be helping the government with this war, and even though it pains me to say, you have to admit that we look a lot alike. The Colonel doesn’t want people to think Howard’s running around in war zones, he’s the CEO of a huge company. The board of directors would pitch a fit, not to mention the gossip through civilian news. To avoid confusion and misinformation as well as protect his reputation, the Colonel and I agreed that a false name could be used for me until the war is over. It doesn’t bother me in the slightest, and I’ll still be Tony, just with a different last name for official reasons and reports. Besides, the dog tags are already ordered.”
They sat down at the table to eat. Each of them had two sandwiches with a beer because Tony figured they could use it after the day they’d had. It took a few more reassurances over the course of the meal, but by the time they had moved on to the leftover pie from the night before, the boys seemed to be fully relaxed.
Thankfully, Bucky shrugged, “Yeah, it does, but I’ve seen the army do a lot of stupid things for worse reasons. A lot of stupid things.”
“That’s…you don’t have to do that.” Tony stammered
Tony came up behind him then, and Bucky found himself surrounded by his partners. He let himself relax into their arms, having missed this. His time with Tony earlier today had been cleansing as it healed the lonely, hurt parts of him, but having them both here was everything. It had been so long since all three were together and alone with the freedom to be themselves.
“I have only seen Mrs. Byrne wear
After their quick morning meal, he kissed both Steve and Bucky before he rushed out to get started on the still long list of things he’d gotten behind on while he was on bedrest.
“Is my accent that bad, Tony?” Steve asked as he looked at the floor between them.
Steve huffed and rolled his eyes. “Of course you did.”
Steve added, “He’s just the same in my memories. Ever since we met him that first day, Tony did everything he could to make our lives better, a little easier. It wasn’t just with his money or the things he’d fix around the apartment. He was so kind and patient and supportive. It wasn’t possible to not…”
“I wouldn’t go that far,” Steve said from the kitchen where he was making dinner. Ruth had suggested a simple soup since Tony hadn’t eaten in so long. Tony wanted to object, but he knew she was probably right.
Apparently, he’d been dividing them since he arrived here, making them hide in their own home, all while he was falling in love with them. Tony very briefly wished he hadn’t stopped that knife last night.
Steve’s body stiffened very subtly. Tony would have missed it if he hadn’t been waiting for the reaction.
A voice that seemed to come from the room on the TV spoke.
It was with these thoughts that he finally drifted off to sleep.
Tony woke slowly. He could sense light behind his eyelids, but that wasn’t what woke him. A dull throbbing ache in his head was battling for supremacy with the burning pain in his stomach.
Never quite good enough as a son, then once he’d grown, as a person.
Steve’s other hand came up to cradle the other side of Bucky’s face, cupping him between his palms like a precious gift. He looked into artic eyes that were swimming in tears.
Bucky looked up at him. “I do like who you are, Steve. I see bits of the old you when you take care of me, or how stubborn you can be. I like that you push me to think for myself and don’t try to change me. And even though it’s different, I do like the big you.”
As Tony watched Steve meet Bucky’s eyes, he heard what the blonde wasn’t saying. Bucky didn’t have to come. He could just enjoy his rest before he got assigned somewhere a little further from the action. A very large part of Tony wanted Bucky to take him up on that unspoken offer.
“Thank you,” and he meant it.
“What the fuck, Barnes?!” Clint yelled as Sam and Natasha grabbed his shoulders.
“You sold your things and got groceries?” Steve asked in disbelief.
It was a Sunday. Tony and Bucky were sitting in the living area listening to the radio and playing pinochle. Steve and Bucky had had to teach him the game, both in disbelief that he didn’t already know how to play. Steve was at church, or mass since he was Catholic, and Bucky had been kicking Tony’s ass all morning when Steve came in.
That voice. It was his Captain America voice, but Tony was having trouble thinking
“Bucky,” he asked, unsure how to voice his confusion and concern, “are you alright, sweetheart?”
“Yeah, Steve’s much more capable at defending himself, that’s for sure, but he’s still going to need people to watch his back.”
Bucky got on the bed, and Steve pulled him into a passionate kiss. Tony watched them as he pulled his shirt over his head, leaving his white sleeveless on. The naked men on the bed finally broke their kiss.
Steve moved over to hug him, knowing he needed the contact, and Bucky shuddered against him, saying, “Everything has changed. Even the you from my memories, and Tony is the one constant I feel like I have left.” Bucky looked up Steve. “I love you, Steve, I do, but so much of what I remember of you is different than what I have now. It’s not fair to you, and I’m sorry, but you’re not my little Stevie anymore. Even before this happened, and Tony was cursed, he was still so much like the Tony I remember. He was patient and kind and gave me the things he thought I needed even though I couldn’t appreciate it at the time. Now, you’re so big and a hero and a leader and a warrior. You’ve changed so much, and I still love you. I know you’re still you, but Tony…”
Thank you all for the amazing support! I can't believe it. And I ask for your future patience. I've worked ahead on this piece, but Chapter 9 is kicking my ass and has delayed me. I've never spent so long on a chapter. UUhhnn, frustrating.
“I set a lot of it up last night after you went to bed.” Tony shrugged. “It was the only way to make it a surprise.”
Next to him he could see Steve’s eyes squeezed shut as he tried to deal with what he was feeling about Tony obviously having a meltdown, sick with worry over the two of them as war was officially declared.
She took one step forward. “And please remember that we are more than the things we’ve done. Any time you need reminding of that from someone who also has red in their ledger, come and find me. It’s good to remember we’re not alone.”
He would probably do that anyway because it would be very approved off within the heavily Catholic community. See? Sometimes religion could work in his favor. So no, he wasn’t sharing, and he didn’t care how possessive that made him. He was not used to this lifestyle of keeping your preference secret, and he could not handle listening to his sweet boy fuck another woman again.
