“She got hit in the head during the Frankish civil war of 715 and has never been the same since,” the witch with the plaited hair whispered.  The other witches shook their head sadly.
“This perfume was made by Dominique Ropion especially for me,” Alexis held out the perfume in front of her. The bottle was shaped like an A with gems set in the shape of a star. “It’s called
“Hi,” Stevie held a key in her right hand. “I got your second room ready for you. It’s actually connected to this room.” Stevie nodded at a door in the wall of the room.
Stevie nodded. “Unfortunately, I have heard all about it, about five times by now.”
Sam groaned and covered his head with his pillow. “I think I need something healthier for breakfast and about three more hours of sleep”
“Schitt’s Creek?” Sam chuckled. “What a name!” Sam pointed to a painted sign on the right side of the road.
“I feel better now,” Cas sighed. “I forgot how uncomfortable it was to be human.”
Dean pointed to a pair of distinctly human teeth marks in the thigh of the victim. “That’s no animal attack-- we’re either dealing with Hannibal Lecter or some sort of supernatural creature.”
Dean didn’t want to get into it so he jerked his head at Sam. “Long story short, vampires, werewolves, etc all exist,” explained Sam. “We think that there is something in your body milk product that may have supernatural side effects. We don’t exactly know what that is or what exactly is happening.”
“And I found this in the bushes.” In the back seat, Cas whipped a small hex bag out of his trenchcoat.
“Stevie!” John called with a hint of desperation in his voice. “Can you help me with this check in? Everything is stuck in all caps again.”
Dean and Sam managed to kill another rugaru. They advanced on the last rugaru, but it fell dead at their feet before they even got within stabbing distance.
“He is obviously just making sure she doesn’t fall into the creek,” Castiel said. Dean snorted in disbelief, but let the matter drop.
John shook his head. “I’ll handle this. They seem to be winding down now.”
Patrick put a comforting arm around David and shook his head in disbelief. “To answer your question, we’ve received no complaints from anyone about the body milk. Both David and I have sampled the products and have had no ill effects. Is there any other way we can help?”
“I’m sorry,” Stevie’s face was one large wrinkle of confusion. “What am I supposed to do? Do phoenix’s even exist?”
“What?” The witches looked confused and muttered to themselves. “Fornicate?”
Then, alone under the night sky, in the town where everyone fit in, with five boxes of pie in his hands, Dean was suddenly feeling very very brave. “Patrick!” Dean called.
“Well, that’s good to know,” Sam wrinkled his nose. “Gross.”
“We’d be delighted,” Cas responded with a smile.
Rose Apothecary was back in Schitt’s Creek. The store looked like it was airlifted straight from a particularly fancy New York borough, with its clean black exterior and wide open windows that featured a variety of expensive looking products.
“You don’t have to say it back,” Castiel put a hand to Dean’s face. It was large and slightly sweaty, different from the small feminine fingers Dean was used to when datinng girls. “You were brave enough today for the both of us.”
“I just say this because--- and I could be really wrong--- but I think you and I share some character traits,” Patrick’s voice was soft and kind. “We are both very cautious with our hearts.”
Patrick’s smile returned. “I had been on and off with my ex-fiance for years. I thought she was the girl I was going to eventually marry and have kids with. But then I met David, and my whole world shifted. I never knew I was attracted to men before, though I was always curious. I was so scared to take a chance on David, but I’m so glad I did. David changed everything in the best way. I’ve never met anyone like him.”
“Nice to see that you left us some space,” Stevie said sarcastically. Patrick grinned at Stevie and offered his seat, pulling up another chair for himself.
Stevie did not know her grandmother’s maiden name, so when they got back to their motel room, Sam went digging in the vast reaches of the internet.
Dean and Cas exchanged a look. “We, ah, were thinking we needed to spend one more day. Just to make sure everything is going well in town,” Dean suggested casually. “You know, just the usual.”
right in front of you?” The more argumentative Alexis got, the wider her eyes became.
As if to prove him wrong, the chorus of the song blasted through the door again.
Dean and Sam dug through old newspapers, ugly dolls, and layers upon layers of dust before they found a leather bound journal.
The woman next to her --- presumably Lydia--- cast her eyes downward. “I’m sorry, this was all a mistake. A terrible terrible mistake.”
“No,” Dean shook his head. “I have to.” Dean sat down at the edge of the bed. Cas’s arm slowly lowered down onto the bedspread.
“Thanks, man,” Dean took the boxes and inhaled the cinnamony goodness wafting from the pies. “We normally don’t get thank you presents.”
“I think we may have met one of them,” said Sam. “Alan Corbett was a good man.”
had my nails painted, but I managed to get rid of it in time for the pedicure.” Alexis looked at her nails and smiled.
Dean waited until Sam’s large form disappeared through the door, before turning back to the bathroom. He knew he was being unusually protective, but he couldn’t help himself.
John shook his head. “On the contrary, it seems to be going very well.” Seeing their confused faces, John elaborated, “This is their wedding song.”
“Do you happen to know a Maureen Budd?” Sam waved John’s journal in the air. “Our dad was a friend of hers.”
“Well, she did request a very specific parking lot for her ashes to be spread over.”
“I told you they were farm witches, David,” said Alexis. “They had the dresses and, like, the little hats.”
“Didn’t work?” shouted Sam, busy with his own rugaru.
Sam sighed. “Why don’t we go and ask how much a room is? If it’s too expensive, we can ask them if there is a motel nearby.” Sam rolled down the window and looked at Dean expectantly.
“Oh, for the amulet to do its job, the ashes of the previous owner must be spread over a sacred site that was established when the settlers first moved in here. Then, the new owner of the amulet must say a little incantation. It’s not that bad,” reassured the witch with braided hair. “Have you done any of the steps already?”
“Great point.” Behind the great wall of menu, Dean jabbed his thumb in Cas’s direction. “What about that Sammy?”
“Oh, Johnny,” Moira clutched John’s hands tightly. “Make that horrendous ballad cease before I tear down that door and put an end to it myself.” Moira’s eyes were wide and crazed. She pointed at the motel room making all the noise with a shaking hand.
“Sure,” Dean shrugged and followed Patrick to the store.
“So what do we know so far?” Sam hadn’t even touched his menu. He was frowning in that ‘caution: nerd brain at work’ expression that so often fell upon his face.
“What do you think?” Dean nodded at Sam and Cas and drew them aside. “Can we trust them?”
“They seem alright,” Cas’s face seemed awfully close to Dean’s, but he didn’t mind. Dean nudged Cas’s side, just because he could. Cas smiled in return.
Cas’s face crumpled and he nodded. “I understand, Dean.”
“I’m going to do it.” Alexis grabbed the lancet and her purse before striding over to stand by the door. She pulled out a perfume bottle from her purse and uncapped it.
Moira looked up at John with an indignant expression. “John, I have been manning this desk with the fortitude of the royal army standing guard for the queen of England.”
Dean slowed down the car as they passed the sign to get a better look at it.
Dean held out the box. “Yes, go ah---” Dean cut himself off. “Wait, how did you know about Patrick?”
“Did you and Cas have a fight?” yawned Sam.
“No, it is B-I-C-H-E,” Sam spelled out slowly. “Biche.”
“I’m hungry,” Dean rubbed his stomach and pouted. Cas gave him a sympathetic look. As Cas had begun to fall again, he was starting to feel the pangs of hunger.
“Has David told you the real reason why we are here in this town?” Dean fixed David with a questioning eye.
When they got to the front desk, Stevie was sitting by the computer playing sudoku. “Can I help you?” she asked, looking like she would rather not.
“Come in,” Sam moved aside to let Stevie into the room.
Dean burst through the connecting door between the rooms and saw Sam sitting up sleepily in bed.
Dean flipped out his ID badge and Sam did the same.
“Oh, of course, David,” the wispy-haired witch nodded encouragingly. “We’ll also send you off with some of that peanut brittle your sister loved so much, as an apology gift.”
“Well, bath salts did cause someone to commit cannibalism. Maybe the body milk also causes people to go crazy and become cannibalistic? But my hunch is there is something more supernatural going on in this town. Maybe we need to do more research,” mused Sam. “Maybe there’s a history here that we’ve missed.”
Dean sat up with a grunt and whipped out the gun under his pillow. “What the hell is that? Sammy?” Dean glanced over and saw that Castiel had fallen asleep face down onto the pillow.
Cas dug around in the compartment, before pulling out an ugly amber necklace. “Could this be it?” He looked questioningly at Dean.
drinking it,” Dean said gruffly, as he dragged a dresser in front of the door. “And we need to stop it before they murder someone else.”
Dean tore open the wrapping to reveal the most gorgeous looking apple pie he had seen in his life. “Awesome,” Dean grinned. “I love pie.”
.” David stared at them like that made any sense.
“The sign clearly states that she is his sister.” Castiel gestured to the bright red addendum on the sign.
“Any chance that you have seen an amulet around here?” asked Dean. “Maybe it got moved sometime?”
“Take care of what?” Stevie stepped forward and faced the witches. “I’m Maureen’s niece.”
The rugaru bashed at the door again. Dean shot Sam another worried look. If they didn’t figure this out soon, they’d all be dead.
“There is something else.” Patrick shuffled his feet. His grin faded and he looked at the ground like he was nervous. “Feel free to tell me to fuck off or if I’m out of line. But I just wanted to tell you a little bit about how I got together with David.”
Dean’s greatest fear was not anything that could be fought with a gun, a fist and some brains; Dean’s nightmare was losing the love of his family just by being himself. Sammy could blow off his dad and make his own way in life, but Dean? Dean couldn’t bear being anything that made him a vulnerable son or brother. Dean wanted to be the stronger older brother that protected Sam; he didn’t want Sammy fussing about prejudice surrounding Dean’s sexuality. And if John Winchester somehow miraculously showed up alive today, Dean would want to make him proud, something Dean never thought he could do if he dated a man.
“Do you want to have dinner with us tonight?” asked Stevie. “David’s family is having dinner at the cafe. I’m sure they’d love for you all to join us.”
Dean turned to Sam with raised eyebrows. “If we stay here, you are gonna be the one paying for valet.”
“Do you think that was a side effect of the hex bag?” asked Sam, looking worried. “Or maybe burning the bag didn’t stop the curse?”
“Hey, Cas?” Dean grabbed a bottle of water from his bag and placed it by the bathroom door. “Drink lots of water. Call us if anything, and I mean anything, goes wrong. We’ll be just next door. Okay?” Dean hovered anxiously by the door, awaiting a response.
“It’s not my fault I have a life, David. Your selfishes always involve needing help to leave the house.”
“What?” asked Castiel. He looked back at Dean in confusion. Dean shrugged. If he didn't know better, he would say that the lady was not speaking English. Her accent was certainly quite unplaceable.
“Banshee?” mouthed Sam, nodding his head to the source of the scream.
“When I’m with you,” Cas murmured and his eyes closed almost bashfully. With Cas’s eyes closed, Dean felt like a bright spotlight had just been turned off.
“We’ll take her off milk duty,” promised another witch. “Sacred cow milk shouldn’t be dangerous to use as body milk. However, if a human drinks it without the proper preparation it can cause all sorts of effects.”
“Is that guy fucking that girl?” Dean grinned gleefully.
“Son of a bitch,” cursed Dean. “Where else could it be?”
“We aren’t stealing the portrait,” Sam clarified. “But maybe you could help us with something.”
“Thanks,” Dean said and opened the door. Inside the room was a bed that looked like it belonged in one of Gabriel’s porn movies. Dean couldn’t decide what was worse; the heart-shaped padded headboard, the red satin sheets, or the fact that the whole monstrosity of a bed was reflected in the mirrored ceiling above his head.
“Thank you,” Dean hoped Patrick would get what he meant.
David nodded. “Yes, and they remembered you because you ate so much brittle.”
“Ooooh, David. Nom nom for us!” exclaimed Alexis reaching for the box. “Are these witches the people we met on our buying trip before we saw Heather and her goat cheese?”
“How’s the ritual going, Cas?” grunted Sam as he swiped at his rugaru and missed.
“Sure, Sammy,” Dean smiled and nodded. “You can have the first selfish.”
, okay,” Alexis rolled her eyes. Dean and Sam readied their guns to fend off the rugaru. She wrenched open the door, sprayed the rugaru with the perfume, and stabbed it in the heart with the lancet. It fell dead at her feet.
“Do I need to remind you that I read your diary?” Alexis turned to face David. “Also, that wasn’t my fault. You are supposed to sanitize the lancet before each use.”
“A small portion of Hollywood is involved with the supernatural, dear,” said Moira. “How do you think they maintain all of their wealth and looks?”
Sam sighed, but shrugged. “Thought it might be nice to stay in a more upscale type of place for once.”
“I really am,” Sam protested. Sam’s eyes flickered from Dean to Cas, and a wide heartfelt smile grew on his face.
“Howdy,” the man’s eyes appeared to be glued to Cas’s face. “My name’s Jake. You guys new here?”
“Something like that,” said Dean.
“The music,” Sam tried to keep his smile in check. “That’s not you, is it?”
Dean choked on his coffee. “What now? Her last name is Bitch?”
“Move Alexis.” David dragged a chair next to Patrick and dropped a box on the table. “I have some peanut butter things.”
“I’m assuming so,” said Sam. “He calls it a shit motel, but that may actually be a joke referring to the town’s name.”
Inside, Patrick presented to Dean a beautifully wrapped box. “We have a new product. David and I already sampled it to make sure it wasn’t also made by witches or something like that. But I thought you might like it as a thank you gift for keeping David safe.”
Sam sat down to read with a penlight in mouth, while Dean started on another box, which seemed to be full with old romance novels.
is why I wanted the bed further away from the door.”
“But Lydia sometimes gets confused and mixes up the milks, and puts the sacred cow milk into our products and gives us normal milk.”
The witches frowned. “Well, you’re not supposed to drink it,” said one witch. “Anyone with a fiber of common sense would know that.”
“Guests at the hotel?” called the man. “I can help you with any luggage and Jefferey can park your car for you.” The man nodded behind him at another uniformed man.
“Hi Alexis,” said Sam tentatively shaking her hand. “Can we speak with your brother?”
“Nearly there!” called Cas. “Just a bit more.”
“If you happen to stay longer, you’re both welcome to come to my place for a whisky.” Dean wasn't an expert, but he was seventy percent sure that Jake was asking them for something more than a whisky.
“You’re always hungry.” Sam barely looked up from his phone.
“I’m okay!” called Cas from the bathroom. “I have stopped expelling matter. But I do not wish to spend any time without immediate access to a toilet. You should go talk to David before it gets too late.”
Then, they visited the home of the two victims whose hearts had burst out of their chest while having sex. The scene was bloody, with blood splatter on the floor, walls, and even the ceiling. They poked around for a bit, examining the bed for any sign of hex bags, sniffing the air for the scent of sulfur, and testing for any EMF.
Dean punched Sam in the arm. “Shut up, Sammy.”
“So we need fire.” Dean started patting his pockets, looking for his lighter. “They can only be killed with fire.”
“Suit yourself,” Dean took a big bite of pie. If he was gonna do this, he might as well have pie while having the scariest conversation of his life. “Sammy?”
“Thank you. We’ll consider your offer,” responded Cas. Dean tried to refrain from smacking his head.
Dean and Sam worked to carefully lift the heavy stag portrait off the wall. Cas helped them carefully examine the back of the canvas for anything that looked out of the ordinary.
“How did you find that?” cried David. “I made sure to hide it because last time you used it to get gunk out from under your keyboard and I broke out for three whole weeks.”
“Does the name Dick Stone sound like a real person to you?” Stevie folded her arms.
“Against all my better judgement” Stevie shrugged. “But that’s what friends are supposed to do, right?” She gave David a small smile.
“That’s a common mistake,” explained David. He was still patting the bed like he couldn’t believe it was still stain-free. “The mystery green smoothies are particularly toxic. People use them to prepare for colonoscopies.”
” It soon became apparent that the sound was not due to supernatural causes when a woman fell out of the motel room wearing a strange grey mushroom-like contraption on her head.
The woman didn’t even look up from her book to answer the barrage of questions. “You can importune my associates with those inquiries. Unfortunately, your zetetic habitudes will not bear fruit with me.” She spoke with a strange rising and falling intonation that gave her voice an old-timey movie sound.
“Sorry!” He said, helping her up off the floor.
Cas smiled. “I love this place,” he said, as he leaned in to kiss Dean again.
“Yes. Uh- no. Shut up.”
Dean rubbed his hands over his face. “I-I don’t know, man. It’s Valentine’s Day today, and she’s- she just likes to be a dick, I guess.”
“Yeah, I didn’t either. Okay, go get dressed. Cas is in the shower, B-T-dubs.”
“Oh. Okay. You didn’t- um… you didn’t hear anything we were talking about, did you?”
There was a knock at the door that startled Dean out of his thoughts.
so amazing, and smart, and strong, and loving… and that made me not only agree with you often, but it made me want to be close to you. And being close to you made me feel things that I didn’t really understand. Not until I talked to people who’d- had the same emotions and feelings before. When I did, I realized that you were not only the best friend I’ve ever had, but I…I loved you, Dean. I
“Huh? Oh. Yeah, sorry. I used the last of it in my coffee this morning. Do you want me to go pick some up?”
“I’m so sorry for interrupting, man! Holy sh- he was gonna kiss you!”
“Ready to tell me what’s going on?”
“Huh?” Dean snapped back from wherever his mind had gone off to.
“I asked how your day is going, but you were just standing there looking at me. You scared me for a second.”
“I really don’t know, Charlie, but thanks for talking to me.”
“Can you just listen to me, please?” Dean said softly, his voice starting to break. “Sorry, it’s just- this is hard enough already, and I’m worried that if I get interrupted, I’ll lose my nerve, and I won’t be able to say it.”
She laughed. “Go ahead. And hey- congrats, man.”
“No problem.”
“I- no, I just- no.” She blushed.
“Cas.”
Dean frowned at the loss of Cas’ touch. “Don’t worry about it. He’s at the store, and even if he comes back soon, my room is soundproof.”
“Nothing. I was just reading this book, but I don’t understand it.”
an angel, but I just- you’re Cas, man. You’re my best friend. And I- I need you to know how I really feel about you, but, unlike you, I
The angel kissed him again, lightly. He was grinning ear-to-ear, and so was Dean. "Happy Valentine's Day."
He walked over to Dean’s room. He was about to knock on the door, but then he heard something through the cracked door.
Dean shut up completely for a second, before he absolutely had to speak. But it was important. “I have to say one more thing,” he whispered.
“What?” Cas whispered back, leaning in even closer.
“Okay. Thanks, Dean.”
“Mm.” Cas nodded.
“I wrapped it myself,” Cas said, looking proud of himself.
“Oh, I was just kidding, man. I thought you knew that. I’m so sorry.” She placed a hand on Dean’s shoulder.
“I, um, tried the wine.”
When Dean woke up the next morning, he smiled when he saw Castiel lying next to him. He turned on his side to face the angel. “Did you watch me sleep all night?”
Dean laughed against Cas’ lips. “Mm, you’re such a dork.” Another kiss.
When Dean made another (rather loud) noise, Cas realized something and backed away. “Wait, where’s Sam?”
They both laughed for a bit, but when they started to calm down, they got back to what they’d been talking about before Sam had interrupted. “Okay, okay.” Charlie said, taking a deep breath. “So….”
“Want to grab some beers and just hang out?”
he thought. He thought he’d never get rid of the dumb smile plastered across his face. There was a chance that this could work. That Dean could be in an actual, long-term relationship with the man he loves. Yeah, no way that smile was going anywhere.
“Happy Thanksgiving, Cas.”
“I’m sorry,” Dean said, cutting off his best friend.
’s shirt, and Cas reached to take it off. When he pulled away to get the shirt off entirely, Dean stepped back for a second to meet his eyes. “Are you sure about this?”
“Maybe.”
“Here, man,” Sam said. “Cas asked me to help him make this for you.” He handed his brother a present that looked kind of like a 3-year-old had wrapped it.
Cas smiled. “I think I know just the place.” He paused. “It’s not a restaurant, though.”
“Uh… I don’t even know how to respond to that.”
“Hey, Cas. What’s up?”
a bit of a rebel sometimes, so I know- sorry, I’m getting sidetracked. My point is, Cas, that I- I look at you and I feel like- like a little kid. I feel scared and nervous, but also, just
Dean’s eyes went wide, and yes, he was definitely tearing up now. “He- I-”
She smiled lovingly and pushed her friend brother backwards. “Go, Dean. Good luck. I Love you.”
You know when you’ve been wanting something for, like, ever, and then that awesome burst of energy and relief when it finally happens? It was that. When they finally pulled away, Dean’s automatic reaction was to do something to cover up for losing himself in the kiss, but he looked at Cas, and all of that went away. They’d obviously both been wanting this for years, and it was no wonder that had happened.
The hunter turned around in his chair to look at Cas and saw his brother standing behind the angel, pretending to look disgusted, but failing miserably. He looked so happy and proud. Dean grinned at him. “Hiya, Sammy.”
“Okay, listen,” Dean began.
“Honestly, I don’t know. But I gotta say, Charlie, I see him sometimes and it just makes me feel like I’m gonna throw up. But- like, not in a bad way.” He sighed. “Does that even make sense?”
“Yeah, okay.”
Cas furrowed his eyebrows and frowned. “For what?”
“Yeah. Have fun on your fake date.”
Sam fidgeted with his hands and stepped forward. “Uh…hey.”
Dean walked into the kitchen and saw Cas going through the fridge. He walked up to his friend and took a deep breath.
“I think so.”
Dean laughed. “You did a good job, babe.” He unwrapped the present and his eyes filled with tears when he saw what it was.
He smiled. “Mm, gladly.”
“No, I actually know. Chuck came to me in a dream last night. It was really weird, he played guitar, and there were alpacas-“ She made a face before continuing. It made Dean wonder what the alpacas had done to her. “Anyway, he told me this whole story about how this was his plan all along and how hard he’s shipped you and Cas all these years.”
“Maybe we do. But you deserve more.”
Dean smiled. “That’s it, I think. Thanks.”
Dean thought.
The next morning when Dean woke up, he smiled down at the floor next to the bed, where clothes were strewn all over. He picked up an AC-DC t-shirt and grinned at it. Last night had really happened.
He’d thought that the crush would eventually go away, but it only got worse as time went on and he and Dean became closer and closer. Dean’s just- not like how he wants people to think he is. He acts like this big tough guy all the time, but he’s quite the opposite. He’s scared of needles. And the only reason he has walls up is because he keeps getting his heart broken. The poor man has had way, way too much on his shoulders his whole life, and he has what is probably the worst job in the world, but he just keeps on going and doing the job because he’s him and that’s what he does. And he can be vulnerable, and he can get scared, but he never shows any of it. Cas only knew because he and Dean had been best friends for a long time. Dean probably thinks that if Cas knew everything about him, he wouldn’t like him anymore, but honestly, the more he learned about his best friend, the harder he fell for him.
Dean tugged at his
“And you’ve done the same for us.”
She nodded. “That’s fair. I don’t know, Dean. You’re making sense, but something just tells me that you should tell Cas how you feel.”
“Of course.”
Later, Dean was in the library reading the paper, when he felt a pair of lips press against his neck. Cas was all touchy-feely today, and Dean liked it. “Hey, baby,” he said softly.
“You told me you were going to, Charlie.”
“Move over.” He shoved Cas lightly, smiling playfully and pressing play on the remote.
Valentine’s Day would be the worst. Dean always felt extra romantic and sappy on Valentine’s Day. He would never let his brother know that, though. Sam thought that all Dean did on Valentine’s Day every year was hook up with some chick, but really, the older Winchester would meet someone (not always a woman) at a bar or something, but he’d take that person out on a real date with food and flowers and stuff. It was always fun and romantic, but he always let the person know that it was probably just gonna be a one-time thing and he’d be out of town soon.
“Oh,” Charlie said, her face contorting as she tried as hard as she possibly could to not grin as big as humanly possible. Dean recognized that face. Charlie had looked like that back when Dean had finally had the balls to tell her that he had a crush on Cas. “I was- um- hi.”
“Yeah! You better get the hell back in there, and soon!”
Sam smiled. “Alright guys, who wants to go out to eat? Wherever you guys want, my treat.”
“Please. Sit?” Cas made a face, but he sat down. Dean sat down across from him.
“Hey, Cas. Have you seen Dean or Charlie?” Sam asked, walking into the library where Castiel was reading the newspaper on his laptop.
“Uh, yes?”
Before he could get permission to kiss Cas, the angel had already closed the distance, smashing their lips together. It was slightly awkward at first, but when Dean had caught on to the fact that he was being kissed and changed the position slightly, it was fuckin’
“Dean’s? Are you sure? Mine has the nicest TV, and he’s been hanging out in there a lot since he started complaining about his TV’s sound.”
“Are you kidding me, Cas? Man, you raised me out of hell. You’ve gotten me out of more shitty situations than I can count. You- you made me realize- I mean, you’re the first friend I’ve ever had, unless you count Sam, but I mean, that’s different. He’s my brother.”
you.”
She sat down on the bed and placed her hand on Dean’s arm. “How are you doing?”
**************************
“Pie.”
“The wine is a present from Charlie. She got it a few days ago. I was taste testing.”
“Hey, Sammy?”
“Bossy.”
Dean didn’t look like he believed that that was the only thing going on in Cas’ head, but all he said was, “Yeah, sitting around all day will do that to you.”
By the time Charlie got back with drinks, Dean had washed his face in the bathroom sink and was sitting on his bed loosely hugging a pillow.
Are they talking about Castiel? Sam wondered. Frankly, he was hoping it was. He wasn’t sure if he could stand any more of that whole eye thing that Dean and Cas did all the time. He shook his head as he thought about the amount of freaking sexual tension he’d had to put up with through the years.
“Um, of course.”
Sam laughed. “You seriously don’t-? You know what? It’s nothing. Where do you want to go?”
“No, Dean, he is. You raised him. Just like you essentially raised me when I came to this Earth. We should both be thanking you.”
“I’m not gonna apologize for it, man. I’m happy.”
“Dean. I’m not stupid. I overheard you talking to Cas in the kitchen earlier. Do you really think I’m going to mess with you today?”
All he wanted was to close the distance. And he could, if he just moved in a little bit more- but
He thought. He loved Charlie to pieces, but right then, he just wanted to throw whatever he could find at her.
“Happy Thanksgiving.”
“Yeah, I know. I really don’t know, Dean. We can just keep praying and keep thinking that everything happens for a reason.”
“Dean.” Cas said, quietly.
“Hey.”
“Yes.”
“I went looking for it in the library in case Sammy had put it back for some reason but-“
“Sure, maybe you make some bad decisions, but think of the alternative decisions. Wouldn’t they have been worse in the long run? And look at us. We’re alive. We’re together. We’re saving people. Dean, this is your doing. Even everything that happened while you were gone- Sam did those things. And you raised him to be the man that he is. You are the best man that I have ever known, Dean Winchester, and the whole world owes you thanks.”
Cas had tears running down his face now, and Dean was not far behind.
“I saw them both a few hours ago. I think they went to Dean’s room.”
He looked up and saw Cas watching him speak, looking like he might cry. He went back to staring at his hands.
Just then, there was a knock on the door.
Dean went back to his room, and threw himself onto the bed. “Jesus, how am I going to survive today?” he mumbled to himself. Charlie Bradbury was like a little sister to him, and they told each other everything. Unfortunately, that meant that Dean had told her about his “huge crush” (Charlie’s words not his) on Castiel.
Dean looked into Cas’ eyes, and
“Anyone up for a ride to Sioux Falls? I heard there’s some great chicken up there.”
“Don’t ever speak that way to anyone again,” and then he noticed that the waitress was holding a phone to her ear, staring at him relatively mildly with eyebrows raised, and he recoiled.
“Dean,” pleading.
“How long have you been awake?”
And he’d answered numbly, almost polite, not even cracking a joke when Sam crashed into the captain’s office asking what had happened.
“It’s alright. I really love saying it. Dean?”
Cas offered, “I worked at a gas station.”
The original idea had been to explain to Cas that if his approval was Dean’s best ticket home, then they might as well spend all their time together so Dean could prove whatever he needed to prove sooner than later. But he’d laid in bed that morning, tapping his hands on his chest, and thought, well, yeah, I could say that, and then Cas might do what he always did, which was run off. So he’d have to let Cas think he was just a dumb ape with no plans in his little cosmic-ant head, who wanted some company on a walk.
“What I mean is… Sometimes, I think I… I knew. About how you felt, about the thing between us. It was always there. And then all of a sudden I would feel too close to you, or you would look at me a certain way, and I… I wanted to keep a certain space between us. I wanted to lash out so you wouldn’t get too close. You scared me,
“Hey, whoa–”
Dean blinked at the view of the nebula they were floating past, and then turned back to Cas, “You uh, miss it?”
“Sam’s in the bathroom.”
Dean sounded excited, young in a good way, and Cas curled his arms around himself and smiled at the motel bedspread, “I liked it a lot.”
“I’m sorry, I– There’s something I still need to know.”
“And you stopped the apocalypse?”
Dean had appeared next to Cas. His brain had the typical bubble of thoughts and feelings when Dean appeared, that all popped and said
“And I’m not gonna stand here all night.”
“You were gone.”
“I don’t know. Hey. Cas.”
“It was Red, from the coffee shop–”
go through a six-dollar automatic car wash without making the owner incandescently mad, true love or no. He had done all of this while rehearsing what he would say to Dean about Jack, and now he winged it.
It flicked a switch in his head, and suddenly all of this, this entire nonsensical situation, was about making sure Cas felt safe and happy.
“It was fine.”
“Yes.”
Whenever Cas hung up suddenly, Dean wouldn’t try calling him again, and Cas would have to make the next call himself.
“… Okay. What do you want me to do?”
“Very funny. Listen. You and Cas have gotten into fights about some pretty bad shit. Instead of waiting for one of you to die, try to fix this by the end of the day. Just call him. Admit what you did. Admit you’re scared.”
“And when you want to change something?”
He turned off the light and got under the covers. Then he opened his eyes, and reached for this phone. He looked at the texts.
Then the flowing, curtained dimension of going under anesthesia. Purple and gold light filtering through, a bed so soft that it couldn’t have been a bed, and Cas’s hand on his dick, his mouth on his mouth, the heat roaring back to life. Just shy of the space between a tacky romance of a honeymoon suite you wouldn’t want to turn a blacklight on or the full-blown notebook doodling daydreams of a teenage girl. Just barely.
“Okay. Now we just gotta summon the bastard.”
“That was nice of you. Thank you.”
“Are they still alive?”
“Still. It would be like riding a horse straight towards a fissure in the ground,” and tilting his nose up a little, Cas sniffed, “I can understand why my future self wouldn’t say anything. You seem very easy to upset.”
“Yeah, thanks for the real estate, but take it the extra mile and send me home,” he sighed, suddenly exhausted, “Cas, please.”
Cas pushed himself up so he was sitting over Dean's legs, his head blocking out the moon, “What?”
like about the car?”
“Sam. Sam, I’d rather talk about my unspeakable thing than talk about whatever you are implying, please.”
“ME TOO, CAS.”
Cas leaned into Dean’s view of the floor to stare at him again.
Cas interjected, “I can stay with you, Dean.”
Harold exhaled, “I thought I’d love my husband forever. You think maybe one day your feelings will change?”
Cas’s voice sounded tired but warm, “Good. I don’t think I’m ready to explain it.”
“Can you–” Cas’s eyes darted with sudden fear over the room, “Come closer. I want to ask you what I’ve been too afraid to ask you.”
“I know. So as the adult, I’m the one who has to make the smart decisions. And I’m already too mixed up in his life as it is. Eventually I should get out of it.”
“You guys worked it out?”
“Just give me a few seconds, champ, I just need to rally. But hey,” Dean reached out and grabbed Cas’s forearm as he began to lean away, “Stay here with me.”
Sam checked the monitor, no longer beeping alarms or sparking, “No way.”
When Sam was sleeping, and Cas was not hiding in some corner of the tight ship doing whatever he liked to do alone, he would sit with Dean on the bridge. Sometimes they would talk about old holotapes, music, or books; as in, Dean would insist Cas listen to ancient Earth songs (“Are
Castiel sheathed his sword and pressed the palm of his hand against the human’s mouth and nose, effectively silencing his pathetic shrieks.  “We mean you no harm, boy.” Castiel said, his voice grunting in the unappealing dialect of man. “We are elves of the North forest, answering the call of King John of Winchester.  Do not scream again.”
Dean gave his husband a smile and a shrug that clearly asked ‘what can you do?’ and took Castiel’s hand.
“Hello, I’ve never seen a human here before! I like your shiny shoes.” A child’s voice said delightedly, and John covered his spark while weaving to hide his scales, eyes, and teeth before turning towards the angel. The boy looked maybe three years old by dragon standards, which probably put the slow-growing angel at about six or seven years. He had bright red hair, reddish-brown wings, and wore a big smile on his face as he looked over the ‘human’ John.
“Gadreel’s time will come.” Naomi assured them, Gadreel and the younger children alike. “Gabriel’s long been talented in his magic. It takes a great many things to build up angel light, and magic is one of the quickest ways to grow it.”
Gabriel immediately pulled Dean off the mat and pushed a water bottle in his hands.
“And- and your mom?”  Dean barely heard the question, like Cas was worried he was crossing a line that Dean didn’t want crossed.
“Yes, sir.” Sam said with a nod. John lit his spark and silently told Sam where he could find Castiel’s guard. Before he dismissed his son, John held up the papered weave Sam had been looking at. “And don’t mention this to anyone. I want to be the one to tell him and Dean.”
He made it to the bottom of the stairs before he changed his mind.  Castiel set his jaw and turned back to Dean.
Naomi was at Charles’ side in an instant, pulling their youngest son into Charles’ office by the wrist. Charles shut his office door with wide, unseeing eyes as he used his magic to focus on the stern-faced man standing in the large field in front of his family’s home. John hadn’t aged a day since Charles last saw the dragon.
Unless it wasn’t something Dean
Bobby was laid out on the floor, drenched in blood that was thankfully no longer flowing, his scent stinking to the surface of the dragonhold with pain. Rufus held a fist above the stone floor on either side of Bobby’s furnace and lit his spark to take his mate’s pain. Bobby groaned deeply and his furnace shook again, this time looking more like a shiver. The movement had Rufus flaring his furnace to keep the cold away from Bobby’s fire.
(See the end of the chapter for
“The hospital in town. He’s stable. I just. Could you come here?”
He could feel the dream starting to fall apart. The wrap-up music, the curtains swinging closed on their rods and rings, the hallway stretching on and on towards an exit, and he gripped Cas by the shoulders, for some reason unable to bend them at the angle necessary to close his hand over Cas’s dick and return the favor.
Sam grabbed his jacket by the door, “For once.”
Rowena half-growled, “And the more time the little bastard is out of my sight the more time he has to plot.”
“What?”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIE4UjBtx-o
Dean slid down the wall to sit on the floor, with his legs curled up in front of him, “Yeah, well. Sometimes old things are nice.”
the Empty would reappear. And what it would feel like to stand there until the sun went down and he started to get cold. Dean kept talking.
Dean let him idle for a bit, and then said easily, “Did you hear the song on the radio?”
Cas looked off nostalgically into some space of the corner of the room, “They
The hand withdrew, and Dean managed to clench his teeth against a complaining murmur. Cas’s voice was cooler, kind but detached instead of creeping up and down Dean’s chest.
Cas finished eating and pulled out his phone for something do with his hands. Dean had texted him twice last night. He stared at the messages, wondering if he should text back that he was fine. The guy hadn’t been bad at all. Harold’s voice made him look up.
“I’m sorry.”
“IT is a surprise, so you gotta just wait here,” Dean led him by the shoulders to a chair and pressed him down, “and be patient.”
“Smartass.”
“Cas, come on, tell me––”
, etc, when he noticed a cheeseburger left in its wrapper on the bar top with a bite out of it. He caught the bartender’s eye and pointed at it.
text us, we’ll be right there ready.”
“Oh, you know what? You are so full of bull, that’s not in the Bible–”
Cas clutched the steering wheel, pointedly refusing to make eye contact with the woman coming out of the house next to the driveway, “I’m two hours from Sioux. I can drive up there.”
“I know. I know you like working, I just wanted you today.”
“What did you and I talk about?” said with no room for lying.
Dean fidgeted.
Dean recoiled melodramatically to an audience of zero, “Man, how can you still eat those? They knock me out now.”
“He thought you’d
“I’ll get you some more coffee, Cas. Thanks for making Dean keep the ceremony short.”
She hung up, and Cas pulled out of the driveway just as the woman began to knock on his window.
He kept looking at the cast. There was some signatures and drawings on it. An image of him drawing something ridiculous while Cas waited with grudging and affectionate patience flashed through his head. In reality, Cas was staring at him like he was a stranger who’d just walked into the wrong house.
Charlie, “Dean, I’m sorry, I thought since Sam knew– God, I outed you at lunch–”
“Its okay, babe. I like a guy with tattoos.”
[waves] bye everyone! another joking idea for a fic that came and swung at me. i'm late to the day, but if you enjoyed it and have the money, please consider donating to the american society of deaf children to celebrate the sam/eileen wedding, or any other foundations benefitting deaf or hard-of-hearing people. https://deafchildren.org/donate/
Then remembered it would not be audible. He spoke aloud.
Sam barely had the car in park, crookedly in two spaces, before he was trying to fling himself into the night. The seatbelt caught him across the chest and he unbuckled it without looking before tumbling out. The keys were still in the ignition.
(See the end of the chapter for
do and still be different from Chuck. And his power made me kind of dizzy, like I was constantly trying to balance this big weight. Aunt Amara wanted to be human, and thought I should be too… But I didn’t know if that was right. And I felt scared, and alone, and– Dean prayed to me.”
“It was from a movie I saw. Did you like it? I wasn’t sure if it was your taste, but I– I used to listen to it. And think about you.”
Cas had been alive for a very, very long time, and had seen many people kill and many people die. He had killed many people, and he knew Sam and Dean had killed many people. Jack had killed Mary. And what he could say for the four of them was that they killed because they were raised to, or out of self-defense, or because they had no choice, or because they didn’t know better, or for ‘ the greater good’. Or done the best they could at the time. Or done the worst, but they had done it, and no amount of penance or suffering would undo it. These were all things he could, plausibly, say. But he didn’t know if they were always true or would mean anything to the dead. And he didn’t know if every dead person would want the same thing. He didn’t know what universal closure was or if it was possible, or if his time in Purgatory had eased any suffering or if it had only made him feel like he’d paid part of a debt. He did not know if the world would be a better place if the four of them spent the rest of their lives having nightmares about bloody hands or if they woke up one morning and never thought about any of it again. He wasn’t sure what he deserved or who would one day decide. He didn’t know if guilt was a parasite that made you self-absorbed or a virtue that made you evolve and grow as a person, but either way it came at the cost of someone else. He supposed it depended on what you were willing to accept and what you were willing to change.
Cas did not believe it, and the man did not believe it. He shook the man’s hand.
“Yes.”
“Okay. Why two?”
Dean!”
“Because now I want to go see him.”
“Cas, please,” so what if he was begging? “Just a second ago you looked as scared as I did, like you were about to–”
“Because what else are you waiting for? Your lives are the span it takes a sparrow to fly in and out of a church,” he sounded genuinely pissed, “Or are you just going to ‘sit politely with your hands over your junk’ forever?”
And Dean would have had to say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQk0xTwZumo
Sam had offered a good trick; whenever Cas was on the phone with Jack, he could start scribbling on a hotel pad. Something else to look at and think of, like avoiding staring at the sun or a basilisk head-on; instead he looked at a real estate agent’s peroxide grin and the loops of the branded pen. He had drawn an interpretation of a crowd of trees with crows flying out.
“Oh, there’s some Aretha, obviously, I feel like that’s the typical jackpot in these boxes. Jim Croce. I thought there was a Simon and Garfunkel one but it’s a bunch of like, weird covers.
Castiel dropped his hands firmly onto Benny’s shoulders and he grit his teeth. “It might not matter to the rest of them, but it matters to Dean and
“Also, the seniors have a bonfire planned for this evening, it doesn’t start until eight, so we have time to do both if you want.”
“Rufus and Samuel got Elder Knight in a pinch, and she wasn’t there to lose her brother, just to make a point.” Dean hesitated, then turned his head to press his nose to Castiel’s neck and scented deeply. Castiel hugged him back with a soft hum. He pushed his fingers through Dean’s hair and rested his cheek on his dragon’s forehead, thankful that Dean hadn’t been seriously harmed.
“Oh, Cas, um.”  Dean stammered, but Castiel was already talking over him, his voice like the crash of thunder, drowning out all other sounds.
In all there were eight thousand, nine hundred and sixty eight eggs that stood gleaming upon soft pillows, the babes’ bodies completely frozen save for their quick, quivering little sparkbeats. Ruby’s beloved, sleeping children. She waited for every one of them to wake, though some she had been waiting to hatch for time out of mind.
“I know they’re your friends, but I’ve known them for a long time, and I just wanted to warn you about them.”  Her eyes were so kind, like she didn’t really want to say anything bad about
bones in his hand. Sam kept his face fixed and had to keep his dragon’s head pinned down, his dragon still screamed in fear while he raced through the
“Our father has forbidden me to speak on it.” Sam said carefully, so he wouldn’t unintentionally light his own spark with pain. “We were in his office, so I can’t very well just disobey.”
John sighed and half-hoped that Castiel would ignorantly ride on the shield boy’s back without asking beforehand, so John would have a good excuse to kill the pair and be done with it.
Gary motioned Dean over to him. “We’re going to grab a drink, Castiel. Meet you at the parallel bars in two?” Castiel was still out of breath, he just nodded and gave them a thumbs up as they turned away.
Rowena’s father held little fear of the Terrans. He was a dragon with a clever spark, and he was the very first who taught himself how to change his shape from that of a proper dragon into a two-legged draconic version of a human man. He taught many of the MacLeod dragons how to shift their forms. While most of MacLeod’s members appeared with dark hair to match their scales, Rowena and her father’s shifted forms appeared with
This time felt different.  This time
Castiel would undoubtedly be dead in a few days, though he may hold on for as long as a month depending on the care he receives. It mattered little to Ruby; whether Castiel was dead or alive when she next saw the crowned prince, she would have Dean in her bed the instant she promised him his little angel’s light back.
(See the end of the chapter for
of its teeth. The dragon man was trying to make a quick pass at the angel around Jody, and Castiel’s knees hit the ground in fear. His fear wasn’t for the dragon man’s attack on Castiel’s life, but from the sudden movements of the great werewolf’s head, which was easily bigger than the greatest of shipping boats that passed but rarely visited Castiel’s island.
“No, Gabriel, I was only the person
Benny’s words made Castiel smile wickedly. “I’ll keep that in mind for the next time I face Ruby in a duel.”
“Cassiandrake.” He replied without hesitation.
“They’ll be yours, kid. You’ll need ‘em for training and track and field. And yes,
Dean said firmly, and didn’t waver as the thing took a long moment to work the thought through its pea-sized brain.
“Dean Winchester.” Gabriel finished boisterously, shaking Dean’s hand with a firm grip. “Stalking me already, I see.”
Castiel took a small step away from their hug. Though his breathing was uneven at the prospect, his voice was firm as he said, “I’ll fight alongside the two of you, Benny. I’ll do everything I can to keep Samuel away from you.”
“She’s a lucky girl.”  Castiel said, giving his brother a pat on the back once he looked presentable.  The two chatted until Jackie arrived, then Samandriel left Castiel on the side of the fountain to wait for Charlie.
This wasn’t about Dean’s image, then?  Castiel was silent for several moments as his brain screeched to a halt.
“I’m ready to do
“I haven’t eaten yet.”  He admitted, and Mary immediately began pulling tupperware boxes out of the fridge.
Dean’s old man caught the falling golden penny in the fingers of his free hand, but when Dean held it up and revealed his palm nothing but calloused skin and milky-white scales met the boy’s inky, searching eyes. All while the golden penny sat pitched between two fingers, half-sticking out from the backside of Dean’s open hand, which was turned away from the boy’s gaze.
When Prince Dean of Winchester landed on the warm, bright Charlie grass of Castiel’s
Castiel had worried that he would freeze before they reached the Southern caves, but now that Rufus had lent him a cloak, he didn’t think he’d actually freeze.  He’d just be moderately uncomfortable until they reached the comfort of the dragon’s settlement.
“Nope.”  Dean said lightly, holding the front door open for Castiel with a smile.  Castiel followed Dean’s silent request to take Jimmy, collecting the small boy and the teddy bear that was nearly as big as his son.
“That doesn’t answer my question, though.  Why would you want to be with her if you didn’t have any feelings for her?”  Castiel sensed Dean’s hesitation and readied himself for more heartache.
Castiel was whole again, in body and in wings. He still couldn’t remember his family, if he even had a family, or anything other than this place, but he rejoiced that his time in hell seemed to be over. He cried when he found out his wings had dark feathers, as he’d always pictured them big and white. The feathers were gorgeous and soft, and when Castiel touched them with shaking fingers, he did so for the first time. Castiel hugged his wings and ran his fingers through their feathers with tears slipping down his face.
from you!”  And with that, Cas whipped his fist through the air so fast Dean didn’t have time to dodge.
The witch didn’t gather up a single piece of his small fortune, not even the two he’d started with. Dean took this as an omen; full well, since both Dean and the witch had cast powerful magic here. Some lucky dragon would stumble upon the abandoned wealth, and good for that dragon, they would be free of curses and just be considered lucky for their find.
“Halt, Prince of Winchester!” A deep voice called, echoing against the stone walls and shattering the hall’s silence.
Benny looked up Azazel Knight in the journal of King John. He read the memories of the king’s dueling against Azazel, wincing and shaking with rage over the past injustices between the dragon families, though finally the entry ended with the peaceful joining of
A little of his beer spilled out, and Castiel was shaking as he rose to his feet, already calling on his magic. It seemed a silly thing for Samuel to get injured over Benny eating beside them, but Castiel was firmly in the belief that Samuel deserved what Castiel had planned for him. He wondered if it would be poor form to not announce the duel like Dean had.
Crowley could hardly look at his precious son’s body. He had to take several deep breaths before he could even get a word past his lips.
“Oh.”  He said, taken aback.  “Th-thank you.”  Castiel quickly zipped up his backpack and closed his locker before falling into stride beside Dean.
“Well, he promised he wouldn’t return.” Charles said, though he’d noticed John hadn’t lit his spark to seal his promise, so there was nothing truly keeping him away.
“Good. One last thing, then. You look like a strong kid, have you ever thrown shot or disk?”
The thought crossed his mind and he didn’t think twice.  Castiel didn’t even rise to his feet before leaning forward and letting himself bodily tumble out of the safety of Dean’s curled claws.
with this, Castiel?  It barely fits in your bedroom!”
“Then we have nothing to worry about, Uriel.” Charles said softly, and he pulled his cherub’s blankets up to his son’s chin. “I have faith in your brother; Castiel will set things up for our people in the North, and he’ll return to us soon.”
Prince Castiel was so kind, even willing to share a meal beside a nameless dragon, is this how Benny should repay him? By thinking him frosty?
The most impressive thing he learned about dragons was that they really could breathe fire.  The knowledge floored Castiel, who sent off a letter asking Dean if he knew how to breathe fire immediately.
Once he finished tucking away all the bad memories he could find, though leaving the memories of Rubeus alone, Crowley gathered the fragment of
Gabriel hesitated.  “Uh, I’m not real sure what started it, but Dean and Castiel had a round of fisticuffs.”
"I don't see any major duels or
“Samuel, you are removed as head of this guard and I will relieve you. You will serve last in our ranks, and you and I will report your deeds to King John the instant we leave our charge in Lady Mary’s care.” Bobby said, then pushed Dean forward gently. “Dean, remove your blade. Your point is made and your shield brother’s life has been defended. Samuel will not interact with the shield boy again.”
Castiel’s bladder felt as if it were on the edge of bursting, and he looked around and spotted a small thicket, just a few trees with some concealing underbrush, not far beyond the circle of dragons.  No one was paying him any attention, so Castiel started towards it.
Castiel gave Dean a doubtful look, but he turned his attention to the gemmed scale in his hand and a moment later, Dean could feel the slightest hint of his angel’s thoughts again. Nothing happened for several minutes, Dean kept his eyes on his angel’s furrowed brows while he walked between Benny and Jody, and admired his fiance’s handsome face. Castiel’s scent grew more and more sharp as his frustration grew.
Dean waited for the jerks’ reaction, and it was kinda more mild than he was expecting. The guy blinked a couple times in quick succession and gave Dean a confused look like he didn’t know why in heaven Dean would say that to him.
It wasn’t
And really, Crowley was having a hard time keeping the gleeful smile off his face, this was
s of metal-on-metal announcing a duel like Castiel had been expecting. When they were found it was by a relaxed-looking Ruby Knight, who pushed herself away from the dark wall at their approach and stood firmly in their path with a raised brow. She was flanked by a single black-eyed dragon man, whose shoulder she tapped as they approached.
“Thank you for protecting me.”  He said. Dean hummed softly, the sound almost a growl (Dean was a
“You can’t tell anyone you’re an angel, Castiel.”  Dean said through Claire, the maroon dragon lowering his head to nose at the soft fur of Castiel’s borrowed cloak.  “If anyone should suspect the truth, you must lie, and pretend to be terribly offended at the notion.”
The angel’s king nodded thoughtfully at John for a long moment, and chose his words carefully.
. He carefully slid his hand under Castiel’s wings, trying not to let his sleeve catch on the feathers as he rubbed Castiel’s back. Castiel inhaled a shaky gasp, but stilled and quieted under Dean’s touch, which didn’t set Dean or his dragon at ease like it normally would.
“It was Castiel’s proposal.” Princess Claire told Benny, the pair still grinning at the angel’s fiery surprise. “He took a while to pick it up, but look at him now; Castiel’s just as much a dragon as you or I.”
Dean’s eyebrows raised, he couldn’t help it.  “Wow, Cas.  I’m really sorry.”
It seemed that someone, in the true spirit of Christmas, had wrapped every little thing inside the principal’s office in Christmas-themed wrapping paper. Dean looked up; Lord, even the ceiling tiles were individually wrapped. The brothers stifled their laughter and scrammed before they could get into trouble before their first day even started.
Charlie gave him a grateful look.  “Are you sure?  What about Tommy?”
Castiel skinned four large fish for Jody and mixed the scales and organ meat with a few eggs over low heat. Dean side-eyed Castiel’s creation with an expression of trepidation and mild disgust, then hesitantly asked what Castiel was making.
“Objection?” Crowley asked, and released the lock on Ruby’s voice without a move or a flare of his spark.
“What did you know?”  Dean asked, wiping a few exposing tears off his cheeks.
Their eyes met, and Castiel’s smile widened. He couldn’t help but wish that Dean’s fire-hot kisses would find their way over to warm his lips next. He blushed at the thought.
Castiel didn’t have a firm answer for his lord, but he was amenable.  “We shall see how the mission goes. Do you wish for me to return after we have returned the prince to his people?”
Dean chuckled and squeezed Castiel’s hand.  “It’s a date.”  He promised, then gasped softly at his word choice.  “That is, if you want it to be a date, it doesn’t have to-.”
“How do you know my name?”  The general asked, his voice remained impressively calm despite being taunted
sounding from deep beneath his furnace.
There was several minutes of silence, which wasn’t at all uncomfortable, before Dean turned to Gabriel and said ‘I need you to be completely honest with me.’
“The fallen one must have been using magic to keep him alive, general.”  The second elf whispered, and Castiel noticed that both soldier’s eyes were wide and unblinking, their faces a ghostly pale.
What did Sam know, anyhow?  So Dean hadn’t gone out with the group in awhile, it didn’t mean anything.  And if he hadn’t been out with his friends since a few days before Cas left, that didn’t mean anything, either.
“And where are your eyes
Dean pulled a face. “Nothing.”
If the fallen one was surprised to find his monsters slain and standing fifty-to-one against battle-hardened elves, he didn’t show it.  Alastair calmly kicked closed the door to the shack, his eyes immediately found Castiel and the general was shocked to see they were a pale, slightly glowing white.
Dean woke Castiel up by pushing his chin into the angel’s shoulder and rolling Castiel onto his back.  He heard a light
“Yeah, it’s kind of weird when we aren’t working, isn’t it? You feel like there’s nothing to do."
“Of course. As my thank you for finally having sex and saving me from those ridiculously awkward staring contests on cases.”
Cas smiled at the pet name. “I have something for you,” he whispered.
“Where are you thinking?” Charlie asked. Dean looked over to see her taking a bite into an apple and smiling. Dean wondered if she’d been standing in the doorway this entire time.
“If it weren’t for
Dean laughed and rubbed his neck. “Nah, uh…don’t worry about it. Um… we need milk.”
Dean tried hard not to crack a smile thinking about that conversation. He cleared his throat loudly. “Charlie, are you here because you found that book I was looking for?”
“Dean-”
“Not really.”
Cas chuckled. “I love you too, Dean.” Dean backed up a little, just enough so Cas could see him grin, and Cas used it to gain control and push Dean down onto the bed.
It was a framed collage of photos of Dean and Cas throughout the time that they’d known each other, with hearts all over it. The frame was white, but it had red lettering on it that read
“Cool. If you need any help, just- let me know, okay?”
“Okay, thanks.”
“For everything.”
He smiled. “Thanks, kiddo. I think this might actually work out.”
Honestly, Dean felt like he’d just come out of some sort of trance. Were he and Cas about to kiss?
Cas put his hand on top of Dean’s, which made Dean look up once again. “Can I tell you something?”
“The truth is, Cas, and I- I’ve felt this way for a long time, but I repressed it, ‘cause my dad was a horrible bastard and when I was a kid he would yell at me to just stick to dating the pretty popular girls and having one-night-stands, and so that’s what I did. Of course, I
“So…” Dean agreed, sighing.
“Okay. That it?”
“Pray to who? Cas? I don’t think that’ll work that well.”
As Dean left the room, his and Cas’ eyes never left one another. He ended up walking out the door backwards in an attempt to make the eye contact last longer, but he’d walked into the wall by accident. Cas laughed, and Dean smiled. That was one of his favourite sounds in the world. Charlie dragged him out into the hall while he was just standing there like an idiot staring at Cas.
“Come on in, kiddo.”
“Is that my AC-DC t-shirt?” he asked, when he finally spoke.
“Yeah, but I ruined my shirt. That’s why I’m wearing this.” Castiel laughed awkwardly and pointed to Dean’s t-shirt.
“Okay.” Cas smiled, and Dean thought he might melt into a puddle. It was a genuine, beautiful, smile, and Dean didn’t get to see it much. It was one of his favourite things in the world to look at.
She chuckled. “Fine, I’m just going to the bar. What did you call Valentine’s Day that one time? Unattached drifter Christmas? If I can’t score tonight, I simply cannot score.”
Sam wasn’t stupid. He’d seen Dean check out guys many times. Gunner Lawless, that douche-y deputy in Hibbing after that vamp attack, Aaron- that guy with the Golem who helped them kill Hitler, and mainly…Castiel. And those guys weren’t the only ones. He’d seen Dean check out guys all the time. Still, the elder Winchester was so freakin’ awkward about it. He probably thought that Sam had no clue about any of this, but it was just so obvious.
doing what he’d been wanting to do for, like, the past 8½ years!
Dean looked over to see what the book was and laughed when he did. “Twilight? Yeah, trust me man, nobody does. Where did you even get that from?”
“Hey, don’t be sorry. You gotta go change so I don’t find out you and Cas banged, right?”
Dean came over to the door to see his brother. “Is something wrong?” He had a beer in one hand, and a throw pillow underneath the other. Behind him, Charlie was lying on his bed, on her stomach. She was leaning on her elbows, with her feet in the air, crossed over each other. She had a beer, too, and a pillow under her chest.
“Hmm?” Th angel sat up, and when Dean saw the shirt he was wearing, he completely froze for just long enough that the silence was uncomfortable.
“Cas…” Dean breathed out, breaking the silence.
“Why- and how- did you even have wine? I was bringing beer with me.”
“Alright. I haven’t done much today.”
“Think? I know.”
“Oh, ha-ha.” Charlie fiddled with the necklace she was wearing. It was gold, with two charms, a C and a W. Dean had got it for her for her birthday one year. He got it with the intent of the charms representing Charlie (or Celeste) Winchester, but ever since he’d told her about how he felt about his best friend, she’d teased him about giving it to the angel “for your wedding, you know?” and saying the C stood for Castiel.
Once the door was closed, Charlie let that huge grin she’d been holding in take over her face, and she punched Dean in the arm.
“Don’t freaking walk away from me again, Castiel!”
Dean sat down next to the angel, after grabbing another blanket from the pile Cas had in the corner of his room (he got cold easy, so Dean had bought him a bunch for Christmas).
but as he brought himself back to real life and looked at Cas again, he wasn’t so sure. The angel’s pupils were dilated, and his lips were parted slightly. He looked just as lost in thought and slightly freaked out as Dean was, and he looked like… like he wanted to kiss Dean, too.
Cas smiled when he saw him. “Ah, good morning, Dean. Do you know-?”
“Oh yeah?”
only kept around because I could use them. But you-”
Cas thought. Here he was, on Valentine’s Day, lying next to this amazing man who had saved the world so many times, watching dumb movies, and wearing an AC-DC t-shirt. This was not what he’d imagined life on Earth would be like, but it was so much better than anything he could’ve thought up.
He turned around. “Yeah?”
Dean made a slightly shocked noise when he learned that it was Thanksgiving, already trying to figure out what he could do to get a sort of thanksgiving dinner prepared for his little family- and maybe for some of their new friends, if that was possible. He figured they might not be up to celebrating, right now, though. And that was okay. But he sure as hell felt like celebrating.
“I love you, too.”
So that's it! I know that it wasn't that great but I'm pretty proud of myself for getting it done and actually posting it. Thanks for reading it!
**************
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t know what you mean.”
Cas pulled back and looked shocked for a second before smiling and nodding. “Yeah, okay.” He leaned in close so that his face was only a few inches away from Dean’s, but he didn’t kiss him yet. “I can’t promise I’ll stay in my own room too often, though.”
“Really? I kind of take more comfort in the idea that Chuck’s not actually paying attention, because if he is and he sees all the crap that we’ve gone through-“
They were really close now. Dean could feel the heat of Cas’ body and breath, and it was fucking
Cas walked into the kitchen and over to Dean, who was cutting up vegetables for supper. With all the new people in the bunker, yes, it was crowded, but it allowed Dean to start cooking more, and trying out new recipes.
“Yup.”
Wow, she had the absolute Worst. Timing. Ever.
Cas turned around and glared at Dean.  The hunter was sitting across from him at the table in the front room. Dean was obviously upset about the conversation they’d been having. His eyebrows were furrowed, and his lips were pursed, and he was leaning towards Cas a bit. “And why not?!”
He sighed and rubbed his hands over his face.
Across the top, and
“Within the last five minutes, you managed to somehow get wine, spill it on your shirt, change into my shirt, get the movie set up, and then sit back down and put on a blanket?”
“Then move in for real,” Dean muttered against the angel’s lips, without really thinking about it. He hoped it wouldn’t turn into another long conversation, ‘cause this one was going pretty well, and he really didn’t want to stop.
They kissed for a long while, only parting due to Dean’s need for oxygen.
“Shut up.” Cas leaned in close to Dean and placed a hand on the side of the hunter’s face.
“You’re probably right, you always are, but- “
“Thanks.”
Dean did think about it. Constantly. He wondered if Charlie knew that. She probably did.
“Oh, sorry. I don’t-” He cleared his throat. “Um, my day is going alright so far. Yours?”
“Kiss me.”
HAPPY VALENTINE’S DAY.
t-shirt. Dean had only ever seen him in normal clothes like that a few times before. And not only did he look great, but he was so relaxed. That was a side of Castiel that nobody ever got to see, and it looked good on him.
“You are…helpful, yes. It’s always good to have an angel on your side. But, the thing is… I don’t see you as an angel. I haven’t for a long time. I- I mean, like, I know that you
“Sam?"
“Hey.”
“Dean, are you- are you in love with him?”
"Happy Valentine's Day, Cas," Dean whispered, keeping their foreheads pressed together.
“Hell yeah! Thanks, Cas.”
“I’m pretty sure.”
“I know.” He smiled and went back into Cas’ room, where Cas was sitting on the bed.
Dean turned to his friend. “For what, man? I’ve barely seen you all day.”
Dean stood up and threw his arms around Castiel. “I love you, too,” he said, voice breaking.
“Okay.” He turned to Cas. “I’ll be right back, okay? I have to talk to Charlie for like two seconds.”
“God, Cas. So, when you were dying last year, and you said-” Dean stood up and started walking towards Cas.
“I know. So are you.”
“Why would she do anything to me?”
“Maybe so, but you love me anyway.” Another kiss.
“If it weren’t for you guys, I wouldn’t be here.”
He couldn’t help but glance down at the angel’s lips for a second, but he forced himself to look back up after a second or two. “Cas. Don’t dismiss the fact that you deserve thanks, too. So does Sam. And Jack. And just about everyone in this bunker, who has dedicated themselves to saving people and hunting things. You all deserve thanks.”
“Cas! Hello, Earth to Castiel!”
Dean’s face softened, and if Cas didn’t know any better, he would’ve sworn the man was tearing up. “Cas… you never have to thank me for anything. If anything,
“Cas, I-” Dean whispered. He didn’t seem to have an ending to the sentence.
Charlie was a good person, and she was normally pretty good about keeping this whole thing to herself. But, there were a few times Dean had caught her trying to trick him into admitting his feelings. She meant well, and she understood that Dean wasn’t ready yet, but she encouraged him to tell his best friend the truth. He could hear her voice in his head from a few months before.
Cas looked freaking incredible. His hair was all messy, and the t-shirt- God, he looked good in a t-shirt. Especially because it was
“I’m so sorry, Cas.” He took a few steps closer. “For everything.” Those personal space rules were really thrown out the window now. Their faces were only a few inches apart.
He wasn’t sure if Cas would want to tell Sam and Charlie yet, so he headed to his room to change into his pajamas. On his way there, though, he ran into Charlie. Literally.
He made a sort of growling noise. “I don’t know. I mean, almost everything in me is screaming at me not to, but there’s this one part of my brain that keeps reminding me of that thing you said about how telling him could be the best thing I ever do.”
“N-no, um… I was just- I was going to head to the store, I was wondering if you needed anything.”
“Well, it shouldn’t be.” He took the book out of his friend’s hand and put it on the counter, acting like it was disgusting to be touching it.
“Charlie,” Cas whispered, still stuck in whatever little bubble he and Dean were in. “Oh! Charlie!”
After grabbing some beers microwaving some popcorn, Dean went down the hall to Cas’ room. When he got there, Cas was laying on his bed, covered in a red throw blanket with white snowflakes on it.
“Shut up.”
“Dean!”
“Wh- you know what? Okay,” Dean said, shaking his head and smiling as if to say ‘Whatever you say, man’. He did that with Cas a lot.
Cas had never been in love before, but he was like 99.999% sure that that was what he’d been feeling for the last few years. From people’s descriptions, it seemed to be the only reasonable explanation. He’d had what he’d heard many humans refer to as a “crush” on Dean since- well, since their first “real” meeting, when Dean stabbed him in the chest. That’s a weird moment to start falling for someone, and Cas knew that, but hey, he had no control over how (incredibly) attractive the man he saved from Hell happened to be when he was doing his job. Or when he was talking about something he’s passionate about. Or when he was singing. Or pretty much any time ever.
***************
“Although you may be ‘all sorts of messed up’, I don’t think I’ve ever met a man- or anyone, for that matter, who is as good as you are. When I raised you from Hell, I didn’t really know why you needed to be saved, just that you did. But then, I got to know you. I realized how right you were, and how wrong heaven was. And so, I was more on your side. At first, I feared what heaven might do, but to be honest, when I was with you, a lot of the time, heaven was in the back of my mind. You were- you
Bobby turned slightly and held out a hand to Claire, whose mother barely let leave her side amid the duel, tame though it currently was thanks to Bobby’s strong presence. Bobby closed his eyes slowly as he listened to Claire’s thoughts, and when he was done, he nodded and lit his spark to speak the truth on what he’d seen;
“What ails you, sweet princess?” Crowley asked, and Claire shook her head, overcome with fear and grief, despite the danger having already passed.
The door to Rubeus’ childhood bedroom slammed open and, this being a sacred place to Lady Knight, Ruby immediately began to duel.
It wasn’t fair of his parents to keep him from seeing his boyfriend, the two of them hadn’t been getting into any trouble.  Castiel’s grades hadn’t slipped, he hadn’t broke curfew or stayed up all night to talk to Dean on the phone, Dean hadn’t snuck over or been rude to Castiel’s parents.  In short, Castiel’s ban on Dean Winchester was foundless.  He’d done nothing to deserve it.
Uriel nodded and hit his breast with his fist in a salute to the general.  “I will follow you anywhere, sir.”
s ‘spears,’ and the prince had never gotten the idea out of his head.
and he knew she wouldn’t judge him.
Rowena learned patience while teaching those dragons, and in return she learned nearly all the magical secrets of the other twelve species. Rowena refused to lead her people as her father before her, though throughout her life her words were heavily measured by whichever short-lived monarch headed MacLeod.
“I have never visited the castle of Winchester, Uriel.”  Castiel said without shame. He was young and hadn’t travelled far except to the fields of battle, and the elves had never crossed blades with the men of Winchester.  His youth was partially the reason Uriel was his second, his age almost matched that of Lord Edlund, though his skin was as young as Castiel’s and his eyes were bright with the zest of youth.  There wasn’t much of the world that Uriel had not seen, and through his experiences the garrison was free to move to far-off lands in an instant. “We will follow your lead.”
“No, dude!  That’s the coolest thing ever!  I’ve been reading your dad’s books since I was a little kid, he’s like, really famous!  Is your dad a-.”  Dean dropped his voice down to a whisper.  “Is your dad a hunter?”
Uriel’s eyes had turned blood red and glowed brightly enough to light the ground in front of him.  Castiel’s friend roared again as he charged forward and attacked his brethren.
“Robert of Winchester, Head of Lord Castiel’s guard.” Bobby said.
“My people say so.” Rowena answered, frowning at the word ‘witch.’
“He left to pick up your little brother from that birthday party.  Go get bundled up, kiddo.”  Jody patted her son on the back and he took off up the stairs on the left side of the living room, then she leveled her gaze onto Dean.  “So this is the Dean that Gabriel always talks about.  You go to Helland High?”
“So, Dean-”  Castiel began his question at the same time Dean had started saying something to him.  They both laughed and Castiel said ‘go ahead.’
is your little brother?
“How’s that for a fairy, Todd?”  Dean asked, the only voice that pierced the silence that pervaded the room.
“I think my mother’s placed a curse on me, uncle alpha.” The boy reached a hand up and touched the old man’s chest. The Light that was set in the center of the badge pinned to Dean’s tunic, which was currently hidden away inside the old man’s flesh, awakened and lit up under the boy’s fingers. It made the prince’s furnace break out in a warm burn of a deeply foreboding feeling that could best be described as ‘oh,
Dean decided that when the blood landed, his grandfather would be stuck-twice to the stone wall.
“Beats the ash out of me.” Bobby said, and Castiel nearly laughed aloud at his odd cursing. He kept his trap shut, because laughing was what got them all into trouble in the first place, and he didn’t want to be caught eavesdropping so obviously. “It might be his mother’s magic. She’s still around somewhere, you should ask her next time she shows up.”
Castiel’s eyes widened and his breath caught in his throat.  His anger evaporated as he realized what he’d done, leaving him numb with shock.  He couldn’t seem to take a breath and his arms fell down to his sides, useless.
“I don’t doubt it.”
“Shall we dance, my
The king had to restrain his two-legged form from rolling his eyes at the notion of a bird on his father’s throne. He already knew what the coming conversation would entail, but Fergus’ introduction was almost too absurd for John to take seriously. It was only the presence of Azazel that kept John from openly laughing at the Head of House MacLeod.
“There’s a reason Cassiandrake was named a family of dragons, Mother.” Crowley said, and smiled at the bright-eyed, excited expression on his mother’s face, though judging by Rowena’s tame reaction, she’d already seen the change in the weaves.
“What if I don’t want to be in an
“So you were ashamed of me.”  Castiel said softly, hugging his chest to keep his ribs from falling apart.
“This shit again? I don’t know what you’re on about, with this cursed demons crap.” Samuel spat, his legs working uselessly as he tried to find purchase to rise to his feet, “Get off me!” He shoved at Dean’s knee on his chest, but the dragon prince had set his spark on this duel, and he didn’t relent from such a weak shove.
Jody did a double take.
come from?”  Asked a small boy with dark brown hair that was seated on the couch.
Gabriel frowned and set aside his homework.  “Now that doesn’t sound like Dean, let’s go see what all the fuss is about.”  Gabriel stood and led Sam to Coach Singer’s office.
The look on Dean’s face clearly wasn’t encouraging.
leave him cold, even in the north.
Dean’s voice was full of self-hatred when told Cas to leave.  His big blue eyes were still focused on Dean, like he was afraid to take his eyes off of him for even a moment.  Cas felt for the doorknob and ran from the room like he was running for his life.
“My parents forbade me from seeing you,”  Castiel explained, “and even though they didn’t outright say it was because you’re going to be done with school after we graduate, I know that’s why.”
“I feel exhausted.  And it’s so cold here.”  The warmth that he’d felt while cuddling with Claire was long gone now.  He was leaning heavily into Dean’s side, chasing the dragon’s warmth, but he was starting to shiver again.
“Huh,” Dean put another bit of pie into his mouth and chewed thoughtfully. Dean was amazed about how relaxed and comfortable Sam was with Dean’s confession. Hell, if he’d known Sam would have reacted like this, he would have said something a lot sooner.
Alexis and David started to explain, but then got into a quarrel about a Gucci bag in Italy. Dean jerked his head to Sam, and they both quietly left the bickering siblings behind in the motel room. They picked up the rugaru and buried it in the yard behind the motel, leaving the whitehead lancet in the body. They figured David probably didn’t want it anymore.
Dean’s relief was so great that he felt like he could fly right up on the roof. “Yeah,” Dean grinned, then frowned. “Wait. What do you mean
“Two rooms, coming up!” John beamed at them, before turning to frown at the computer. “Well, let’s see here,” John muttered to himself as he clicked away at the computer.
Castiel picked up the bottle. “Rose Apothecary.” He sniffed the bottle carefully. “Smells alright.”
“Ok, lady, how can we not be strangers?” Dean was starting to get frustrated. “Do you want a formal introduction or something?”
Dean laughed at Sam’s bewildered face, snorting water all over the table. Sam, once again, looked disgusted at Dean’s eating habits. Castiel, on the other hand, gave Dean a soft smile which made Dean shovel food into his mouth to avoid whatever feeling that evoked.
“Bring a friend of ours.” The woman rocked back and forth with agitation. “We don’t talk to strangers.”
After three and half hours of driving, Dean realized that this part of Canada was pretty boring. The monotony of haystacks was only broken up by the occasional barn. Dean smothered a yawn into his hand. “Tell me more about where we’re going, Sammy, before I fall asleep at the wheel.”
Dean nodded to Cas and they stepped out of hiding. “People in Elmdale are dying because of you,” Dean accused, turning to face the witches. “Right before they die, they drink the product that you sell at David’s store.” The witches turned to look at David. David was shaking and looked as though he was wishing he could disappear into the ground.
“Aha!” Sam exclaimed. “Apparently this amulet is passed down through the maternal side of the family, but is kept behind the masculine facade of the family name. It needs to be activated after the previous keeper dies.”
“And this... caution can sometimes be so overpowering that it makes us blind to how positively others actually see us,” Patrick continued. “It can make the world a little darker than it actually is. Does that make sense?”
“Weird question, but are you related to someone named Corbett?” asked Sam.
“Well, we’re trying to figure out how to stop the attacks,” explained Sam. “We’re going to see the witches tomorrow. We might as well bring along the amulet.”
“What?” Dean got up from the booth and brushed crumbs off himself.
“Why would they want to make cows poop so much?” Dean paced by the bathroom door. “Maybe this was some sort of sick way to keep people off of their property? Like some sort of Montezuma's revenge?”
“Ugh, David,” Alexis glared at David. “Eckgh.” She made a face at David, who made a face back.
, dad is wearing the nightgown outside?” came the female voice again. “I just stopped having nightmares about it coming to life and humiliating me in front of Bradley Cooper.”
Castiel appeared at the doorway, looking soft and sweet with his hair mussed and his eyes sleepy. (Dean quickly wrestled this thought into his bisexual feelings box and shoved it in the closet in the back of his mind). “Dean. What’s going on?”
When Sam’s hair was finally back to its glossy glory, they made their way to the cafe. It felt strange becoming friendly with a group of people so different from themselves so quickly. Before coming to Canada, Dean would have hightailed it out of Schitt’s Creek right after the case, but the Rose family was slowly growing on him. They were vain, narcissistic, dramatic and petty, but their hearts were where it really mattered.
Dean had finally managed to wrestle his burgeoning bisexual crisis into a tiny box in the back of his head and was just beginning to nod off when loud music began playing from next door.
“What was that about?” asked Cas, looking mildly confused.
“Tall one,” a witch with wispy grey hair pointed to Sam. “What have you done to us?”
“A rugaru?” Sam frowned in thought. “This doesn’t quite fit. Rugarus don’t have glowing eyes like that.”
“No, it’s not that,” Sam pointed to the source of the white liquid. “It’s this bottle. The other victims had the exact same bottle in their house, nearby the crime. It looks like this milk is the last substance each victim had.” Sam pointed to a glass that was half full with milk.
high thread count sheets is the one that is closest to the door.”
Patrick’s face broke out into a bright smile. “Well, you certainly deserve one.”
David.” Alexis’s arms drew close to her body like she was holding two invisible handbags.  “Would you rather just have them
“Because people are dying, David,” explained Sam. “And you can help save them.”
“Look,” Sam’s voice interrupted Dean’s internal musings. “I found a 1930’s census with a Mary Biche, who goes on to marry a Robert Budd in the 1950s.”
Sam poked his head into the room and sniggered. “This bed certainly looks bigger than the one in my room. I’m sure you’ll enjoy sharing this one with Cas.”
don’t talk to strangers.”
“Should one of us stay with him?” Dean jerked his head towards the bathroom. “He’s not used to this.”
Dean swung open the door to the cafe. It was easy to spot the group, not just because there weren’t many people in the cafe, but also because of Moira’s three foot long bright blue wig.
“Right,” Dean nodded like he was used to having his world turned upside down in an instant. “Right, right. Right.”
“So if we brought someone to introduce us to you, you would talk to us?” asked Castiel.
Another motel room banged open and the shriek became louder and more clear. “
Dean shrugged. “Your guess is as good as mine.”
Dean, Cas, and Sam made their way to their room. It was pretty decent, as far as motels go. There were no suspicious stains and though the taps ran brown for a few seconds, there was moderately good water pressure. The most disappointing part of the room was the singular small bed.
As if reading their thoughts, David asked “Can I ask what exactly is outside?”
“Talk to strangers,” Dean interrupted. “Yeah, yeah, we’ve got it.”
“What the…” Though the man looked like the definition of a creepy supernatural creature, Dean had never seen anything like this man’s glowing red eyes.
“Wait,” Sam held out his arms and the chattering witches became quiet. “This town has also been plagued by rugarus. Could that also be caused by the milk?”
“I don’t want to hear it,” Cas’s voice was low and hurt.
“Is there anyone else here on the farm that we could talk to?” Sam talked slowly and calmly, holding his hands out in front of him in the universal gesture of ‘we mean no harm’. “Maybe a relative or caregiver?”
“Are there any other motels in the area?” asked Dean. “We don’t need anything fancy, just a place to crash for a few nights.”
David nodded as if he didn’t believe them, then sat on his bed, patting the bedspread like he was soothing a scared animal.
“Jerk.”
“And your aunt never mentioned this before?” asked David. “Seems like this would be an important thing to mention, once or twice.”
Dean crammed the last piece of pie into his mouth and gave Sam a pastry-filled grin. “Leh’s ge’ goin’! I fi’ished my pie.”
The woman gave Sam a dirty look. “
“Cas doesn’t sleep much anyways.” Dean shrugged. “I don’t know about you, but I’m starving. Did you find out if there is a burger place nearby?”
The rugaru lunged at Dean and its maggoty face got a little too close for his liking. “Sayonara, sucker,” Dean shot the rugaru in the face. The rugaru simply growled and moved even closer.
“Goodnight,” Patrick gave a little wave and walked off into the direction of his car.
They all piled into their respective cars. Sam gave Stevie the incantation and handed off the peanut brittle to David, before joining Dean in the passenger seat of the Impala. Dean followed Stevie’s old red car to a parking lot just outside of Schitt’s Creek.
“Those are
Alexis walked over to Dean, circled her index finger in the air before finally poking Dean with the finger. “You know what, I think this is a rugaru.” She punctuated every word with a poke to Dean’s arm, ending with a poke on his nose. “Boop.”
“I’m on it, sweetheart,” John reassured. “Just go back to bed.” John helped Moira up and disappeared into the motel room.
“Is there anything we can help with?” asked Sam. “What’s the matter?”
Sam shrugged. “I’m not sure. Could be a lot of things.”
“I’m just going to change the bedsheets and get our supplies out of the room. Meanwhile, you can put your bags in the first room.” Stevie handed Sam a key and swiftly exited the office.
“Maybe it’s in that compartment on the wall,” Stevie pointed to the wall where the picture used to hang.
They had only been there for about fifteen minutes when Sam squatted and examined the ground closely. “I think I’ve seen that white fluid in the photos of the two other crime scenes.”
The kisses were soft and sweet at first, but when Cas took Dean’s bottom lip between his teeth things quickly progressed, leaving Dean with a great appreciation for and fondness of the ceiling mirror.
Dean tried to shove his thoughts into the back of his head, but they streamed out like smoke from under a door. What would Sammy think about this? What if these feelings ruined everything? Dean hadn’t been in a functional relationship since Lisa. He wasn’t even sure if he remembered how to be romantic. Romance and the hunter lifestyle were seemingly incompatible.
“Will you come with me?” David asked Alexis. “It’s my turn to take a selfish.”
“I think I found us another case,” Sam spun the computer around so Dean and Cas could see. They were sitting at a diner in a little town in Michigan, recovering after a long night ganking a particularly nasty ghost. Dean had just demolished a bacon cheeseburger and was now onto dessert.
“Well, she always said she was a bitch at heart,” shrugged Stevie. “She told me I’d be a bitch too one day. I always thought she was talking about our general preference to avoid all human contact. I never thought she was talking about being a Biche, the holder of a protective amulet.”
, stop yelling!”
“So kill it with fire!” David gestured at the door in a rather hysterical manner.
‘What is this?” asked Dean, pointing at Lydia.
And when Stevie asked (sarcastically of course) how Dean, Sam and Cas were so brave, Dean chucked even as a queasy feeling rose in his chest. Dean never felt like he was brave. Brave was a word for someone who faced their worst nightmares, but monsters, demons, angels, and any other creepy crawly creatures didn’t do it for Dean. Hell, lock him in a haunted house with a pocket knife and some matches, and Dean might even be happy.
“Good,” Cas sat up on his elbows and stared at Dean. Dean, for once, stared back without a dry or witty comment.
milk are you not getting?”
“He’s certainly one of a kind,” agreed Dean, wiping some crumbs off on his jeans.
David clutched his chest. “I think I’m going to need something stronger than my calming and clarifying mask to calm me down. Like,
“Will do,” Dean nodded at Patrick. “Thank you for your time.”
“Eight hours at the very least,” Stevie shook her head and turned back to Dean, Cas and Sam. “Look, here’s what we can do. We can either bring in a couple cots or we can take a few hours to open up a room we’ve been using as storage. It has a bed, but the decoration is a bit...tacky.”
badges, David. Anyone with eyes can see that.” Alexis smiled with a far off look. “They actually look a lot like the badge that was made for me when I had to escape a
Stevie exchanged a glance with John. “There’s a hotel in Elmdale.”
They sat for about ten more minutes, Dean jittering his legs up and down. He observed the giant deer painting behind the desk, the set of stairs leading to a second story, and the odd assortment of papers on the coffee table in front of them.
“That was a really small selfish,” David protested. “Your selfishes are always huge.”
“Everyone stay calm. We have this under control.” Sam’s voice was cool and collected, but he shared a worried look with Dean. They still hadn’t even figured out what sort of creature was out there.
Benny nodded, and sniffed quietly before taking away the dirtied bowls and cups from the royal pair. Right now Castiel smelled confident, happy, and powerful. A proper mate for Benny’s prince Dean.
“So since Castiel won’t tell us what happened, start talking, Gabriel.”  Michael commanded.
Nursing School is getting CRAZY you guys.  The next six weeks I have clinicals, along with tests and this and that and the other.  So the next chapter will be posted... when it gets posted.  I'm really sorry about that, but I haven't had time to even write this week.  :/
“Do you want to hang out with me after this?”  Cas asked him, clicking on the save icon before printing two copies of the essay.
“I think you underestimate just how close you and Castiel would have to stay in order for that to fool anyone. It’s not like your spark is a lighthouse.” Jody said, now turning to her blend of pigments and soft, clean soil that she was using to hide the edges of the scales in with Castiel’s skin. The end result looked as if Castiel had grown the scales himself. In fact, if Anna were here, she’d probably think Castiel was gravely ill with blue-colored dragonpox.
Benny shook his head, eyes closed with pain as he said, “I’d never change my mating with Dean, though if I’d known how the king would react, I’d have never agreed to mark his skin with my teeth or set my spark to it.”
As sudden as his father’s announcement had been, Castiel stayed up late into the night to write his reply to Dean’s letter.  His father had instructed him to have one ready by morning, but Castiel wouldn’t have wanted to make Dean wait, with or without his father’s demands.  After all, it wasn’t his parent’s arranging a marriage for him that was surprising, Castiel had just assumed that he’d end up with another angel instead of someone of a different species.
“He said something about that earlier, too.”  Claire said, drawing Castiel’s attention away from his soon-to-be husband.  “He said that if he’d been doing his job, you wouldn’t have had to come help me.  So, and he said this, I don’t agree with him, but he said that it’s almost doubly his fault that you got hurt, because he should have also been better at protecting me.  You should have never felt like you needed to intervene on my behalf.”
Why the
The general was one of the best fighters in all of the five armies, the only time Castiel had lost in the last hundred years was to Lucifer, and Castiel now found some comfort in the knowledge that Lucifer had once beaten this demon.
He remembered travelling across the world alongside dragons, at a height no angel would dare to fly. The world stretched out beneath him as he flew, an endless expanse of clear-cut fields between the wilderness and tiny villages of the world. Finally, he flew until he reached a great tree that stood as tall as a mountain in the southern-set range, and Castiel landed lightly on one of the huge tree’s lower branches to rest.
of white fire?” Rowena asked with a dropped jaw.
does one do when the stoic person they’ve been with for eight years turns into a gooey, weepy marshmallow all of the sudden?
The boy spoke with a dark, cold spark; “
“That takes twenty minutes tops.”  Sam said with an exasperated sigh. “Mom’s really excited to see us, she even invited Charlie and Kevin.  She’d be really disappointed if you didn’t go.”
Uriel shook his head, his eyes wide and fearful from his parents’ reactions as he said, “No father, you and mother made us all promise not to tell anyone.”
“It’s okay.” The boy promised. He was shaking as he rose to his knees to weakly hug Castiel, carefully avoiding his pained, ruined wings. “I know things are hard, but I promise they won’t always be this way. We have friends who love us dearly. Dean and my father will come for us.”
“What about Ashley?”  Castiel asked softly, dropping his gaze from Dean’s eyes to gaze at the grass in front of the bench.
Dean touched his upper lip and his fingers came away bloody, between that and the pain, something snapped in him.
needed renewing the minute Benny got
“I don’t understand.”  Castiel said, still keeping his voice low.  “Why didn’t Dean want Samuel to do it? What was he worried about?”
“I don’t deserve your forgiveness if you don’t know everything.”  Dean remained seated, though his tone and the way his jaw was set was stubborn; he was going to talk about this and there was nothing Castiel could do besides walk away.
Mr. Fitzgerald’s eyebrows were raised and he had a smile hidden behind his hand. He giggled, actually
Several minutes later, Castiel accepted the wax-sealed scroll from the King of Winchester.
The omega prince tuned most of the conversation out, looking instead to the dragons’ physical appearance.  There was a blood red dragon in the foreground, the largest of the three and the one doing most of the talking.  He had a long neck with sharp spikes on the sides of his face where his cheeks would be, and sharp ridges on his cheekbones and above his eyes that sprouted horns further back on his face.
Castiel tried to think of the ‘her’ the man was referring to, but couldn’t think of anyone specific.
He was there now, an incomplete dragon boy, ever watchful of the world of the living through Ruby’s eyes, and ever watchful of the world of the dead through his own. Through their shared vision, Ruby could see the very weaves of the world around her.
Gabriel knew the two of them had become something close to friends during the past week, since Dean insisted on blaming himself for Castiel falling and hurting his shoulder.  Whatever their little spat was about, Gabriel was certain Castiel would get over it.  The little guy was a hothead, he was always getting riled up over little things that were forgotten within a week.
”  He moaned as his hips stuttered forward.  His words were lost in Ashley’s mouth, and he could hear her breathing becoming irregular as he rubbed the pad of his thumb under her bra.  His hand was pinned to her chest by her shirt, and her hand was doing
“Too fucking bad!”  Dean said, and yeah, he’s still shouting.  He took several unsteady breaths, trying to calm down, trying to prevent the tears that were threatening to spill and trying to keep his hands from shaking.  “You don’t get to take off on me, Cas! You don’t get to leave me hanging for a damn
bones. Dean’s spark-charged momentum sent both of them crashing into the wall.
Dean’s eyes were on the angel, watching Castiel just as closely as Castiel was watching him.  Dean’s form shivered for a moment, and then Dean seemed to be sucked into himself. If Castiel had blinked, he would have missed it.  One moment, Dean was a huge, fire breathing beast of hard scales and sharp teeth. The next moment, he was a man.
“This school is crazy.” Dean said when he saw the huge room, complete with turf and a half-sized track around the edge. Coach Singer interrupted Dean’s gawking and showed him to his starting position on the track. Dean waited patiently while Coach Singer moved to stand next to what would be Dean’s finish line. At the whistle he took off, sprinting as fast as he could, even imagining a wendigo on his heels to push him to run faster.
“Hello.” Rowena said with a delighted smile. A little cherub stood on her cottage steps, a girl of no more than five years, and the tiny angel held her chin high and without fear as she curtsied and introduced herself.
.’  Their eyes met and the two dissolved into a laughing fit just as Gabe came around to take their order.
he had the okay from Benny for Castiel’s sake, he tossed his
“Were you guys watching the whole time?”  Dean asked, stepping back and pulling Castiel’s hand into his own.
“Me too.”  Castiel gave Dean a small grin that Dean returned with a blinding smile of his own.
Crowley raised a hand and brought forth a weave. A brightly-lit rune appeared in the air, hovering over Crowley’s palm. “This is tattooed on Castiel’s ribs. Can you read it?”
“Castiel, would you please consider giving both myself and Benny permission to touch you during our coming duels?” Dean asked. “I can assure you that we will behave and touch you only while acting as absolute gentlemen. If you agree, I’d like to stake a claim on you to the others, it is how I will ensure my promise is fulfilled; I’ll let no dragon touch you unless you allow them to, whether they be Knights, Samuel Campbell, or any other member of your guard.”
“What questions does House Head MacLeod have for me?” Dean asked with his lips pulled back and a terrifying snarl from deep inside his chest. “I’m quite busy at the moment, so please hurry.”
“I hadn’t even thought about it.  It doesn’t matter anyway, she’s nothing to me.”  Dean didn’t think he’d be able to look her in the eye ever again, either.  She was the pinnacle of his stupidity, the physical embodiment of all the friendships he’d managed to ruin today.
Dean watched the team while he stretched. After watching the first match on the mat closest to him, he started feeling nervous. After the second, he was just about sweating bullets. This was going to be nothing like the fights he’d been in before; at bars against drunk men hustled out of their cash or against horrible things while on a job with his father. Dean would have to be careful, have to constantly remind himself that throwing punches wasn’t allowed.
John shook his head but didn’t expect to get a response from his wife’s stubborn hatchling.
“Huh.  I disagree, but okay.  Why did Ashley Turner tell me not to talk to you?”  Gabe looked more pissed than Dean had ever seen him, and he only knew the half of it.  He made a face and tugged the shower curtain out of Gabe’s hand and closed it before answering.
“I will rely heavily on your knowledge of the Infernal Lands, Uriel.”  Castiel said, drawing his second’s attention back to the present. “If you observe me making a call that should not be made, I ask you to share your knowledge with me.  I will not see it as insubordination on this mission.”
“Thank you.”  Castiel sighed, though he knew there was no way Dean could hear him.  He collapsed to his hands and knees and crawled back to the middle of Dean’s palm, where he curled into a ball with his wings wrapped around him and fell almost immediately back to sleep.
In the end, Castiel discarded the thought; size mustn’t mean anything, so long as the bond was there, right? Castiel loved his family far too much for anything else to be true.
, but even though the day had been long it had been quite exciting, and Uriel’s eyes weren’t droopy but bright. Of course his mind was full of questions.
Castiel woke just a few hours later to the stomping march of one of King John’s patrols as they approached on the path the elf was sleeping nearby.  The dim-witted humans drew their weapons at him and asked him who he was and what his business in Winchester was. They laughed at Castiel when he told them his business was his own and he was but a peaceful traveler.
“It’s not that, it’s just that I-.”  Claire winced and interrupted herself.  “I promise to tell you someday, okay? Just, not today.”
Dean took a deep breath as the lower rooms of the dragonhold shook slightly again. He held Castiel’s shoulders with gentle reassurance as he spoke, a soft look on his face that was just for Castiel. “The shakedown is starting quickly, it’s already time for us to run. DovaKaru and the Knight family have blocked our way from above, but the abandoned tunnels are nearby and are a straight shot home.”
Castiel couldn’t comprehend it.  His brain
“Ruby was my student, I know her weaves well.” Rowena said, her reassuring words a potent fuel for Dean’s cold furnace. Dean’s knees dropped his weight for real then, he slumped against the stone wall and nearly lost his footing, but Benny’s strong arms caught and steadied him before he could jostle or fall on Castiel.
Naomi sighed, and said, “There’s not much more I can tell. I was very young when the war began, and once it started there wasn’t much time for stories.”
He just barely managed to catch himself before he broke his nose on one of Dean’s claws, and after the shock of his close call wore off he laughed until he was wheezing and could hardly breathe.  It would be just his luck if he had hurt himself and started bleeding all over his soon-to-be husband’s hand within their first day of meeting.
“Always, Cas.” He murmured, pressing a kiss into his angel’s dark hair. He cradled Castiel for a long moment, silently rocking his little
“What’s your name?” Dean called, forgoing his old-man voice. The alpha’s deep, throaty tenor filled the quiet hall.
The southern dragonhold’s halls were carved in long, straight lines through the mountains. They were bitterly cold, eerily dark between their far-spaced torches, and they were utterly, completely silent. Castiel could only hear his and his friends’ footsteps as they ran through their echo-ey depths. Castiel’s ears strained under his warm hood, and the darkness worked together with his blinded eyes and mounting fears to play little tricks on him as he ran with his dragon friends ever deeper into the pit of the mountain’s belly.
“Don’t worry about it.”  Dean answered as he got up, already pulling his wallet out of his back pocket.
Crowley nodded despite the wrongness of two sparks housed in one body; though without a doubt this was his Rubeus, and Crowley could see that the boy he was speaking to was free of his mother’s influence.
“Somebody likes you.”  The dark-haired boy said with a grin as he straightened up in his seat.  Dean couldn’t help the nervous bubble of laughter that escaped his lips when he thought he saw Cas bite his bottom lip as he glanced down at his desk.
The second song of lamentation had just ended when a human sentry shouted at the gathering of forest folk.  “Castiel! Castiel! The prince is not as you promised! He has lost his mind and is attacking his own people!”  Castiel gritted his teeth at the interruption, placing his first two fingertips on Dina’s forehead to complete the second song before turning once again to take care of the human prince.
Both explanations made his head spin with questions.  Dean had no reason to be near him, he’d promised the twins to stay away.  And he had no reason to be looking at him; even if Dean didn’t like where they’d left off, what was Castiel to Dean besides his friend’s little brother?
Samuel let Bobby’s question hang in the air. Dean shifted slightly, keeping Castiel hidden behind Bobby but moving to get his eyes on the snake again. Dean’s grandfather didn’t give him any attention, not even a glance.
Claire was still crying when her Uncle Crowley approached and offered her a handkerchief for her tears.
spectacularly.
at Dean.  He didn’t even attempt to keep himself in check because how could Dean do this to him?  How
When Castiel pulled back from their hug, he didn’t pull away completely. He left his wings circling his friend’s wide shoulders and his hands resting on Benny’s collarbones. Looking at his friend and his obvious concern for Castiel, the angel realized his tattoo wasn’t actually what was bothering him the most.
“Come here, little general.”  Alastair taunted, now speaking in the tongue of the elves and swinging the borrowed sword through the air, sending dark gray flecks of blood flying.  “Come and face me, elf to demon.”
”  With no further introduction, the girl on drums hit her drumsticks together to the count of four and the band started on a cover of Michael Jackson’s
“I assure you, my dear friend, nobody thinks that of you.  You have served your kin well for many years, many more than was required of you.  Though you were the youngest general in the history of Elfkind, you have served with pride and distinction.  I am honored to have had the opportunity of witnessing your career, and am proud of the elf you have become.”  Lord Edlund placed a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. “I sincerely hope you find what it is you are looking for.”
. If this kid were under Dean’s tutelage, he would get a hard, scaley knock on his head from Dean’s scale-shifted fist for such recklessness, witch or not (the thought made Dean feel like his Uncle Bobby for a weird, long moment before he decided he must already be getting old). The southern dragonhold was lucky it was still on the map, with this kid fooling around in its halls.
Dean’s heat was building as Castiel grabbed at his shoulders and he tried to mimic Dean’s quick, barely-there passes of tongue between their parted lips. Despite being nervous and though he was probably fumbling around a bit awkwardly, Castiel
The expression on his friend’s face made Castiel incredibly sad. He tried not to let his profound sense of pity enter his voice when he held an open hand out to Benny and said, “Please, eat with us.”
Crowley had no idea what his mother had seen or experienced to affect her so completely, to nearly extinguish her spark without even an injury or weave, but he turned to his twin and swore both their sparks to secrecy all the same. They never told their mother or anyone what they had done, nor of any suspicions they carried with them from that field.
“Well.”  Cas bit his lip and studied Dean, as if deciding what to say.  It took all of Dean’s patience as he anxiously awaited his next words.  “I’m not Charlie’s cup of tea, and Charlie’s not my cup of tea, either.”
care about this, why didn’t he want to continue standing up for Benny? Why wasn’t he burning up with the same foreboding feeling and questions as Castiel?
“I hear you.”  Uriel whispered, holding Castiel tightly to his chest.
“All the kingdom will miss you terribly, Castiel.”  Michael gripped Castiel’s forearm tightly as they shook hands.  “Call out anytime, and we will be at your side to aid you.”
“You’ve left a mark on his forehead already.” Crowley pointed out, “Blessing or not, did you ask his permission beforehand?” The prince kept pouting, his eyes narrowed as he rubbed his thumb over the mark on Castiel’s wrist.
“You’re encouraging him to
“Go ahead, Dean! Sing us a song!”
With a few hard flaps of his wings, Castiel rose above Dean and took a long moment to appreciate his close-up view of a dragon in flight.
tunnels.
It was one thing for Dean to be able to speak to Gecko. The thing, as tiny as he was, is still technically a dragon. It spoke draconic with a high-pitched ring that Dean could sometimes hardly hear but could nevertheless understand, and of course Gecko could understand Dean’s draconic roars, but Castiel had already said he couldn’t speak or understand the dragons’ native language.
“It’s called a singlet.”  Gabriel interjected with a laugh.
Dean held Castiel’s arm up and gaped at the marking.
Dean had considered following along with his father’s demands, just to gain a half-ounce of approval from his unpleasable father. He’d considered it until he’d read Castiel’s first letter and seen his promised
Bobby and Crowley converged on their prince, and before Castiel knew it, he was being hurried out of the dining hall, his small party surrounded by dozens of extra guards.
species, with something that shouldn’t have even phased him, though the weak-fired Elder Knight wailed and struggled all the same. Crowley called for his son again while his spark was lit from summoning Elder’s ice prison.
“What, then?”  Lucifer asked, and Castiel could tell his brothers were getting impatient with him.
The angel king’s eyes and the space between his parted lips flashed with white light, as Charles looked after his son through the pages of the world. When he came back to himself, after nearly a ‘week’ away that seemed only a moment to Naomi, Charles found his body terribly weak and his light nearly dimmed to nothing. He collapsed, and was dependent on his wife’s strong grip on him to lead him to a chair.
Castiel held the tiny dragon and shook with intense but silent laughter in Jody’s arms, his attention on Bobby’s scolding but his eyes on Benny, who was now walking at the end of the line of dragons. Even as Castiel laughed, he and Benny both winced and hung their heads in shame as Dean took the entirety of Bobby’s punishment on their behalf, though Castiel thought it hilarious to see a prince getting scolded by anyone, even by his uncle.
“I am eternally in awe of you, and am in your debt for just as long.” Dean said, then pressed another pair of light kisses to Castiel’s hand, and this time he slowly brushed and pressed his lips against the last knuckle of Castiel’s cold fingers. Dean let their joined hands fall back to his chest and he cradled Castiel’s wrist close as he gently and slowly pulled the angel back into a hug.
Dean nodded even as he wondered if concern could kill a dragon dead. It certainly felt that way. Dean thought he might be having another panic attack, his heart felt like it was trying to pump itself right out of his furnace, and lord knows his arm had housed shooting pain for the past couple hours.
“They’re cute, huh?  Jess is like, six inches taller than Sam.”  Dean huffed a laugh.  “I’m never going to let him live that down.”
Gabriel silently entered the trainer’s locker room, one shower was still running and he figured it had to be Dean until he heard the unmistakable sound of sobbing coming from the stall.
“No, no.”  She assured him.  “I’m fine.” Castiel nodded, unsure if Claire was being truthful or not.  She certainly
Tonight had been bad.  Jimmy had lost his bear, but he was sitting in his booster seat with Mr. Bear safe and sound in his arms.  Dean had lost his temper, but he’d done it in the name of defending his son and his family. Dean had probably lost his job, but there would be other jobs, and they had savings, they had some wiggle room.  Nothing about that night was ideal, but they still had each other, and they’d be okay.
“Hi,” Cas said. His face was red, and Dean’s probably was too. “Did you- um, need-“
Across the bottom. The back of the frame had both their names written on it, and the date.
Cas furrowed his eyebrows and did his little head-tilt that made him look like a little kitten. “Why would you be thanking me?”
“I know. It’s contagious.” Sam and Dean just stayed like that for a second, smiling and having a conversation with their eyes instead of words that would be hard to put on paper, but made perfect sense to the both of them.
