Sherlock walked out of his room, now dressed and ready to go help finish everything up. "Ugh. Mycroft I'm not an idiot, I would appreciate if you stopped treating me like one. Also I am going to my teams party, and so is Molly." He said to Mycroft. Then he walked into the kitchen where John was hiding out. "Hey babe." Sherlock said pulling John in for a kiss. Then a little bit too loudly on purpose he said, "I apologize for my bloody asshat of a brother! Look at him trying to be all smart and keep me away when we all know he'll be there and he's not legal either, not in America."
~~~~~~~~~~~~
“It's Tuesday night!”
“They said its Wills decision.”
“Sherlock! Where are you going?” Mycroft asked his brother as he was leaving the room with Molly.
“Yeah come on, wait don't I need the cuffs, so I don't get in fights.”
“Well of course he can stay with us, and there's no way your moving unless I'm moving with you. I meant what I said last week, I'll always love you, and even this won't change it you’re my boyfriend.” John said holding Sherlock and the baby close.
"So now you're even good at History?" I whispered with my lips almost touching his ear which sent a visible shiver down his spine and earned him a smirk from Me.
"Well then how bout we both go to the west, k?" John asked Sherlock.
Hey guys just a quick apology, I know this took a week to upload, and that's all falter to myself GLkid2001. I take all the blame because I decided to do golf and well, that takes most of my time.  I promise to get more done I swear!  Anyway guys have a great day!
"So he's rich he can find somewhere." Sherlock said
"Yeah he was a great friend when he talked you into drugs! And when he used Molly!" Mycroft said yelling at Sherlock.
"All your usual breakfasts?" She asked the five boys.
Greg's POV
“It's me, Greg.”
“Ok, fine I'm going to go change.” He said heading to his room. When he was in the room he shut and locked the door, and turned to John who couldn't find either of their jerseys so he was just in his team shorts. “Still can't find them?”
You don't need a job our family was rich.” Mycroft scoffed out.
Mistakes are made but all is forgiven... Maybe?
“The one that's open twenty four/seven. Why have you been going there so much? And how do you get there and back you can't drive with crutches?” Mycroft said.
“Rick!” Sherlock shouted with excitement when he entered Rick’s store.
“I've got them.” He said taking the dishes from me, and loading them in the dishwasher.
"Ok. Nice to meet you." He replied.
“What happened, Will?” Jeremy asked
“Alright let's put some shorts and boxers on.”
“Only if you want me to.”
“Ok coaches!” The four said in unison
"Night babe I love you. And you to Jacks.” John said as he kissed Sherlock on the lips where he was by the bassinet then leant down to the bassinet and kissed the second best guy in his life on the forehead. Him and Sherlock had agreed that Jackson would be both their sons because they plan to stay together forever.
We didn't talk much on the way to the sibling room. When we got there though I finally realized for the first time in along I was having fun. I was interrupted by Leon and Sophia, the female guard. “Well what do we have here?” Leon asked followed by Sophia's answer. “I believe they were just laughing.”
"No. He actually moved on he said." Molly told her brother.
“Dam it Mycroft!” Anderson said walking back into their suite.
“Ok push and keep pushing.”
“I'm the one pinned against the wall!”
“Good, I'll always be there alright.” Then we were interrupted by the guards.
“No we could stay here.”
“Yeah I'm just afraid.”
“Alright is that all?” John asked Will as he brought a box into their new room.
“I want to stay. With you I feel safe. Couldn't we speed up the process?”
“Hey Sherlock. What's wrong?” Molly asked as she walked up to Sherlock, who was sitting on the grass.
“Kohen did you just call Jim darling?”
Phil points at picture of batman and batgirl. “Hey Uncle Kohen, look at Batman and Batgirl! They're flirting.”
When Sherlock and John got back to Baker Dorm they had Jackson in the car seat and carried him in to their suite. When they got to the suite and entered their coaches for track, basketball, and soccer were there along with Mr. Picket and Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock was told by John to go get something to eat and he'd watch Jackson. They let everyone in the room hold him then Sherlock went and laid him in the crib Mycroft had picked up, along with toys, clothes, and other necessities.
The next morning they woke up and went down stairs for breakfast. When all ten of them, well eleven counting Jackson, were in the kitchen Kohen and Jeremy passed out food. They gave Sherlock a bottle for Jackson that they had all ready made. Sherlock fed Jackson, while only occasionally taking a bite of his own food. They all ate all of their breakfast even Sherlock, once John talked him into it. “Alright Sherlock ready to go, John you can come too.” Jeremy said, when he came into the kitchen dressed in a suit without a tie.
“Morning to you to. We have practice in an hour, then lunch, and then the basketball meeting. So let's get dressed for practice.”
“You know I think you and some kids I know will get along pretty well, now let's eat before it gets cold.” We ate breakfast and then Will asked if Phil wanted to go play video games with him and of course he did. Me and Liz went and played legos downstairs.
“Smart move with the t.v and moving seats.” John said to Jim.
“Thanks, its good your still in Jacks life.” He said as he moved aside and letting her in.
“Yep!” Mycroft and Jim both said.
"Oh! That was nice. How did you meet her?" Anderson asked confused.
Sherlock headed over to the east room, but instantly forgot what he went for, and ran into Jim carrying two drinks.
“Yes he will, now here is the basement. I have a t.v., and it is connected to a kids Netflix, there are numerous amounts of toys and games, books, colors, movies, and more. Liz I'll show you two to your rooms, then you can go start playing and unpacking, while I show Will the game room.”
"Pourquoi diable est mon frère dans cette classe pour?" Sherlock said, speaking his fluent French and got everyone's attention while Molly was just laughing.
“Yeah but I go by Sherlock not William.”
“Same goes to you. And Anderson you can't miss this practice.” Sherlock and John said.
The next morning around seven I woke Will up. “Sunshine, do you want to take a shower before my boyfriend gets here?” Will lifted his head from the bed and nodded, but made no move to get up. “Come on, what do you want to wear?”
After an hour at the hospital, Jim and Sherlock did not have the drugs in their system anymore.
"Yes Mr. Holmes, do you know much about it?" Nicholas asked Sherlock.
“Yeah please.” I said and he cut my hair and styled it. It was exactly the way I liked it. When he was finished it was time for us to go with Greg. Me and Liz went to change. When we came back out we went to our new home, with Greg.
"Well let's go hang out at your guy's suite." Molly said.
“Lizzie what do you want to wear, and you can take a shower?” I told Lizzie after waking her up. She jumped out of bed, and hugged me. I got down on my knees and kissed her forehead.
“Ok, thanks dad!” He said hugging me then running to the room that is his. I couldn't help but smile, he called me dad, and wants this to be permanent. I walked to his room, and when we got there he was so happy about all the stuff in there. I had some comic books, movies, and some music. In the music there was Black Veil Brides, Bring Me the Horizon, some country, and some pop. “Dad this is awesome! Wait, I have a question. How can you afford all this?”
“Can we eat, I'm kinda hungry?”
“It is three floors, well technically five, because the attic and the basement are the same size as the other floors. I turned the attic into a game room for you, and my boyfriend picked out some of the games he thought you would like. I'll show you it in a little bit. Liz the basement is a huge play room for you I'll show you in a bit too.”
“You don't need a job our family was rich.” Mycroft scoffed out.
Leon asked Will if he wanted his hair cut, and of corse Will did. Once Leon cut his hair, we went and put on our clothes. Will looked just like the pre teen he was when we came in. He had turned eleven exactly seven months ago, his birthday is January sixth, mine is December tenth. For two years though he has taken care of me. He thinks he broke his promise to Myc, but he didn't. After we had said our goodbyes to Sophia and Leon we went home with Greg. For the first time since before our parents died, I was seeing my brother happy.
"I am now part of the college program they are offering from the college across the street. And also don't forget I'm still your legal guardian." Mycroft told his brother.
“Yeah thanks. Sorry!”
"So you ready to go?" John said smirking at Sherlock. Sherlock couldn't stop himself from blushing back at John, which just turned John's smirk into a huge smile. Sherlock then nodded his answer.
“What's wrong, Sherlock?” Mycroft asked when he notice the freaked out face Sherlock had.
They got up kissing the whole way to their room. They got in the room and John kicked the door shut and pushed Sherlock down onto the bed. “I love you no matter what happens ok Sherlock?” John said then started unbuttoning Sherlock's purple button down.
“Oh and you guys can call us by our first names as long as we're not in class!” Kohen yelled after the boys.
“Your boyfriend.” I said and then realized, I again could have ruined this. If he doesn't leave us because of that, then he really does want us. “Sorry, I um… d-didn't mean to.”
“It's seven fifty-five.” I said from my spot on the couch now.
“Oh anything for my boys.” She answered. She then hugged them both good bye.
&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
“You need to stop working yourself so hard, I know your using the job as a distraction to but in eight weeks you get to go back to being JV starter for basketball and Varsity starter for Soccer then you'll have track too.”
&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
William vous respectez votre frère lorsque vous êtes dans ma classe: William you respect your brother when you are in my class
“Yeah I know.” Jeremey was getting ready to leave the living room when he heard glass break behind him where Sherlock was standing leaning on his crutches. “Sherlock, bud, are you ok?” He realized Sherlock was having a flashback. He picked up the photo and saw it was of Sherlocks parents. “Sherlock, what did they do to you?”
“Well I think we should restart our show well at least to ten minutes into it.”
“The X-rays showed it.” He said still running a hand through his brothers curls.
“So tell me again why you won't go out there until supper.”
“They were going to the Opera. The people I was hanging out with, they thought it would be the perfect hit, since our family was rich.”
“They were, but they were also government top agents. They were MI-6.”
"No. No. Me and Shara can go get Speedys'. We can take Molly and Sally to." Harry said stealing Sherlocks keys to his white Lambo.
“John really you have three fingers in me aren't I stretched enough?”
“It doesn't matter right now.” Irene said, and when Sherlock was about to protest she just glared at him.
“Ok we'll be there in a bit.”
“So, you got beat quite a bit Sherlock.” Kohen said
“Well, I’m Rick, it’s nice to meet you, John, and of course Jackson. What all are you doing here in town and well England.”
“Yes, to both. I love to draw, and write. I also think both of us would like to meet your boyfriend.” Will said, but he sounded like a scared kid, not his normal self.
“So we always have time for each other.” I said smirking as I put it on her, and she started laughing. I loved when she laughed, she didn't deserve to be only sad. She needed happiness.
&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
“Just a friend…”
I'm trying to sound hopeful, but I'm sure she sees right through it. “We will, some how somewhere. We need to be good here first though, that way we have a chance. Promise me?”
“Well, barley eating kinda does that to you. Hey Sherlock you know how I'm a detective, well I was wondering if you would like to come with me to the station tomorrow. Your always saying you'd like to be a detective, I even got you permission to go to the crime scenes with me and my team.” Jeremy said, chuckling at his nephew.
“You forgot this bud. How's little Jacks?” Jeremy said going over to his nephew and great nephew. After tickling Jackson he went and sat on the love seat, that conveniently appeared underneath the wall mounted flat screen, after Kohen and him started visiting more.
Picket sent them a sympathetic look as if to tell them sorry that they got into this. “John, if Jim is going to be sleeping, will you at least turn the tv down for us, so that we can talk civilly?”
“Alright. Oh…ah… um I think it's time.” Irene said
"How much do you know about that?" John asked.
"The principal and coaches." Sherlock answered looking even more ashamed.
"Because, that college doesn't have dorms, and only halve the teaching courses. And we can provide the rest." The principal took a breath. "But until there dorms are ready they all need places to stay."
"No." He said with a smirk.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You know what Mycroft, Greg I know what you were just doing, but I don't really care because you’re my favorite.” Mr. Picket said, and saw John smirk down at Jackson. “Oh, and John Sherlock better get that science work done if you fail a test you can't play until you pass one.”
"Sis! What are you doing here?" Sherlock questioned.
“So, Will is it to early for a first kiss?” John said smirking.
When Sherlock, John, and Jeremy arrived at the station, Jeremy took them to his office. It was a fairly big office since he was second in command. He had the boys sit down. Sherlock solved ten cold cases, while bouncing ideas off of John. By the end of Jeremy's shift all three of them were tired. He dropped them off back at the school, because the others had grabbed their stuff and Jackson for them.
"Hey babe did you catch a word of what Mycroft just said?" I asked Sherlock.
"Jim."
"I couldn't agree more!" Anderson said
John shifted so he was hovering above Sherlock, and then lent down peppering kisses all over Sherlock’s face, until his boyfriend started moaning. John then pulled back, going back to hovering Sherlock. “Love, I do believe we should get up. We learned yesterday your brother can and will pick the lock. He was horrified.” John says although he’s smirking at his boyfriend.
"I guess so, but you can't say I didn't warn you." Sherlock replied.
“I think that would be a perfect idea.”
One secrets out one is being shown.
"Why?" Sherlock asked couriously
“Thanks Rick, we will, I’ll try to stop by before we go back to America.” Rick then gives them each a hug and then they are on their way.
"Yep!"
“Ok, Liz what would you like?”
“Is this why you were so persistent on getting away from London?” Jim asked.
"I decided I would help my little brothers teams by supplying them with equipment and gear." He finished.
"Hey Philip, Jim, can you go grab the playpen?” Kohen asked
“That's what I'm thinking.”
“Yeah kiddo, let's all sit around the table, while me and Kohen get the food and drinks.”
“Thank you, Mr. Lestrade.”
Thank you for reading I will try to keep updating at least every few days. Feel free to leave comments.
"Same except Algebra 1 instead of Geometry." I answered him with a smirk.
"So... When do we get to meet your roommates?" Mycroft asked.
“Shit…Fuck Myc!” Greg said as Mycroft entered him. “I love you babe!”
“Yes. When do we get to do it?”
“No you made me pack John, now you are going to unpack.”
“Well Will what are you thinking?” Jeremy said turning his attention to his youngest nephew.
"Hello sirs are you ready to order?" A young waitress about their age asked.
"Um yes two Rock Lobster Tail dishes and two cokes." John ordered for them and looked to William for reassurance. And Sherlock answered with a simple nod of the head.
“ADHD, he was going to suggest Aspergers, but you matched almost all the symptoms for ADHD.” Mycroft explained.
“Yes we could.” John said planting kisses on Sherlock's neck. “Do we have lube and condoms?”
“Nothing I just thought you'd like to meet the new person staying with us.” Sherlock said stifling a laugh as was Irene.
"Oh... I highly doubt that!" He said throwing a quick glance at Sherlock.
"Whatever. Shouldn't you boys be getting ready?" Myc asked the two boys who had just finished setting up.
“Yeah, here let me put these in the dishwasher.” I said and went to put the bowls and spoons in the dishwasher, but I was stopped by Will.
"So Sherlock do you think this class will be boring?" I asked him.
“How?” Sher said
"I do!" Anderson yelled.
"I don't care about your first name. Why didn't you tell me he was for sure gay?"
“Awesome, but could we seriously eat.”
“Yeah, hey Greg you said it would be ok to call you dad right? Also to talk to you about stuff?” He asked me as we started walking down the hall.
"Jim Moriarty. My new boyfriend." Anderson told Sherlock.
"Thank you!" The two boys said in unison.
“I think I might know.” Jim said
“Why? I love having you pinned underneath me. Now Mycroft also put new pajamas on the dresser last night, and I really want to help you get dressed, since I can’t get you undressed.” John says getting up and pulling his boyfriend with him. John pulls out the new pajamas and starts to dress both him and Sherlock. Both Pajama sets were basketball themed and had their last name on the back, with their numbers.
Several hours went by and everyone had a few drinks. (In some cases, more than a few.) John got a very angry voicemail form his older sister which he knew was in the east room.
"What but-"
“Yeah.” John said taking the bottle, then once Jacks was burped John took him and started feeding him again.
“Amazing!” Will said pulling him back for another kiss. They ended up in a make out session that lasted for about five minutes, because Mycroft decided to wake up.
“Alright right this way.”
“Were you ease dropping?” Mycroft asked his little sister.
“Yeah you think he'll tell Sherlock and you know who?”
“Of course I did.”
"Yes Molly, you're right. They will all be there. They'll all be drunk and high, and none of them will think anything about it because they are teenagers." Mycroft said back to her.
“Hey no problem.” Picket said then turned to Anderson, “Can I talk to you for a minute outside?”
&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
“Well see I have a friend his name is Greg Lestrade. He's not married, but he wants to adopt kids. He is thirty-four. He's a teacher at the Bakersville school. It's a middle school and high school. He teaches history classes. He saw you and your sisters’ files, and he wants to adopt you two.”
“Well we just wanted to see if any of you will make it to tomorrows game?” Tvrdy asked.
"These are my roommates John," he said pointing at John then to Greg and said, "and Greg."
"Same except Algebra 1 instead of Geometry." John answered me with a smirk
“Sherlock you made it!” Irene screeched as he entered the hospital room. While her parents just glared at him he went and gave Irene a hug.
Sherlocks P.O.V.
“Ok so?”
“Me, Sherlock, and Molly all promised Mrs. Hudson when I got custody of them we'd still spend half of Christmas break with her. And when we moved here she said she still wanted us to spend the time in London. Since we still have our families estate.”
“Let's get these boxes to the living room.”  John said taping his last box.
“Night, I love you, son.” I said tucking him in and kissing his forehead.
“Yep! She texted me and wants me to meet her there. It's St. Francis, right her in Grand Island, Nebraska.” He said pulling his phone out to show her the directions.
“Thanks dad!” He then ran upstairs. Shortly after wards he came back down with Elizabeth. They sat down and started drawing using the coffee table as a hard surface. There was a knock at the door at about eight ten.
“Football, Soccer, Basketball, Track, Wrestling, and Baseball for the boys why?”
John woke up first and loved the feeling of William snuggled in his arms. He looked down and saw Will start to wake up. “Hey babe, ready for the day?”
&&&&&&&&&&&&
"Yes and I noticed it was gone and I was going to give it to you for this anyway."  The older Holmes said as he walked into the dorm they were setting up.
“Did you decide if you want full custody or not? Because otherwise we need to do adoption.”
“N-nothing, I need some a-air.” Sherlock said and rushed out the door.
"Anything for you.” Sherlock said holding Johns hand and entering the west room with Mycroft and John next to him. There was loud music pumping through both dorms, and a few of the people looked like they were already smoked.
“Alright supper’s over, back to your rooms, kids.”
“Yes you can, and Will think about joining the band or orchestra. I want you to do what you like.”
“No, the nickname's ok. It's just no one, ever wants to talk. Usually they don't plan on keeping us for more than a month.”
"I don't know, I just know we do.” Nicholas said.
"You know French?" John asked me
“Hmm!” Greg mumbled waking up.
“Yes!” Sherlock said just under a scream as John pulled out all three fingers at once. Then John tore open the condom package with his teeth and rolled it on himself. He lubed his cock up and then lined it up with Sherlock's entrance.
"Do you do drugs of any sort?" Asked Mycroft.
French class came too slowly. John was not outstanding at English, let alone any other language.
John and Sherlock watch some Netflix and then Netflix leads up to more.
The closed bedroom door soon opened and out walked a messy haired, and thrown on clothed Mycroft and Greg. “What the Bloody Hell is going on out here?” Mycroft asked seeing Picket in the room with the rest of the guys.
“Yep!” Sherlock said as he started unpacking his things.
“You know we keep this up well be here all night?”
“Cool, she's just down this hall.”
"So Sherlock what's your schedule?" I asked coming up from behind him.
“Deal.” He then pulled me into a hug. It was the type of hug I hadn't had since my dad died. It was a fathers hug, not sibling, friend, or other family. It was the type of hug only your dad would give you. I hugged him back, and then we all ate with the occasional joke and laugh. We didn't even realize when Leon and Sophia had left, until they came back in with our duffle bags. The bags now contained our clothes from when we came in.
Next chapter will be the conversations.
“Uncle Jeremy.”
Around five thirty P.M. Sherlock, John, Greg, and Philip were deciding what to do for dinner. They decided to go freshen up then decide. There was a bathroom connected to each bedroom and one in the hall. Sherlock and John called their room 221B and Philip and Gregs was 221A. They lived in 221 Baker dorms.
Next chapter will have a big twist in it but all should end well for that event.
"Woah! What happened? All I heard was Mycroft yelling at Sherlock." Greg said coming out of the kitchen.
“Ok.”
"I will!" He exclaimed
Liz then turned to Greg and asked, “What does homosexual mean?”
"Yeah Sherlock that does seem fair." John said and immediately got everyone's attention.
"Uh-I, um yeah uh." Sherlock stuttered nervously and then stopped.
“John I-I…” Will stuttered ten minutes later as we was reaching his peak.
"I already did."
"Hey!" Sherlock screamed as she pushed him.
“No, it's not, you don't understand Myc.” Sherlock said sitting down, since his leg was starting to hurt.
"I saw it all happening again."
“Oh Will about last night, Leon called back after he checked.” I told him not sure if he still wanted adopted or not.
“Yeah, why there something on your mind?”
“Hey, it's alright.” Mycroft said, going to comfort his little brother.
“Yeah he took me in when my dad died, my mom couldn't take care of me so sent me here to Nebraska to live with my uncle and his husband.”
"Um... Yeah one second!" Sherlock shouted back. Then about two minutes later they were both dressed in full suits. Sherlock had his black suit with a purple button down shirt, and black tie (which Mycroft made him wear). John was dressed in almost the same except a blue button down shirt. When Sherlock came out of the room they both just stared at each other in awe. Sherlock and John were about the same height maybe one inch difference but not much. So after a minute they were just staring into each other's eyes.
“William, you know how we've talked about if someone wanted to adopt you and your sister you'd have a better chance of getting out of here, before your times done?” Leon asked me.
They finally start classes and Mycroft is in all of Sherlocks.
“Yeah, I'm ready. Who's watching Jackson?” Sherlock asked as he got up. Him and John had already dressed before coming down, so they were ready.
"You left it here a few weeks ago!" Anderson said defensively.
“Yeah babe I know and I love you too.” Sher replied rapidly unbuttoning John's blue button down. Then they both moved down to their pants. When they were completely naked and on the bed John got out the condoms and lube he rolled a condom on and then stretched Sherlock. When Sherlock was stretched he lubed up his own cock and positioned it in front of Sherlock's entrance. He captured Sherlock's mouth as he slowly pushed in to Sherlock's hole. “Fuck!” Sherlock said.
“Sherlock can they come in?” Molly said softly while entering.
"Um... When we were dating in sixth and seventh grade." Sherlock said.
"You must be Sherlock?" She said turning to Sherlock.
“Nope I've checked both the dressers.” John said, now watching Sherlock put on his shorts. “Why do you have to be so damn gorgeous?” He asked pushing Sherlock on the bed and climbing on him to start a make out session. About two minutes later they were interrupted to Sherlock's uncle knocking on their bedroom door. John and Sherlock got up, Sherlock started looking through the closet for their jerseys, and John opened the door. “Um, hi, who are you?”
“I want to wear my Cinderella shirt and and jeans.” I pulled the clothes out and handed them to her. She then went in and started her shower. I went down stairs and started throwing away some of the papers from the items we had bought last night. My boyfriend said he would bring breakfast from Taco Belle. I still wasn't sure what the kids would think of him. I was pretty sure they would like him, but Will might take some time to trust him.
“Yeah ok.”
“Go ahead and come for me baby I'll come soon after.”
“Yes, he does. He needs to know about it.”
“So, you think this will work out?” Leon asked me.
"No Anderson's my roommate. There is no way I'm doing that to him!" Sherlock yelled.
"Ah shit! I can't let him in, and not my brother, but I'm already in trouble probably." Sherlock exclaimed pacing back and forth. "I'll answer it!" Greg popped up excitedly. "No...!" Sherlock said but was to late to stop Greg.
"You haven't done anything to not earn our trust." John said.
“It's me, Greg.”
I saw his face light up when I asked him. “Chocolate ice cream, please!” He said happily.
"At not using drugs. I finished middle school in rehab. Then Mycroft got me set up with school here." He said looking ashamed.
"Ok class in this class you will only talk in French if you have to use your devices to look up how to say something you may." Professor Morris
&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
"Ok. So tomorrow at like seven, so it's after practice?"
"Yeah maybe a little bit." I said returning the smirk.
"No I'm fluent in French."
“Alright we came into new fundings so everyone has new uniforms and practice gear with their names on it. Practice starts September twenty third. Any questions?” Tvrdy asked
"I'll go with you!" John said excitedly
"You know mum and dad would be proud of you?" Mycroft said as he saw his little brother leaning over the baby crib humming to his son.
"Good, but with who?"
After dinner Tuesday night they all decided to turn in early. “Hey Sher, let's go lay down!” John said pulling his boyfriend up off the couch.
“Different how?”
“When they were gone once, I snuck into father’s study. He had left his safe open, so I decided to go through his papers. I came upon a file that said ‘Urgent,’ so I decided to look through it. Inside the file it said ‘Agents Violet and Siger Holmes, MI-6 Classified.’”
“Hello where here to see Irene Adler.” Sherlock asked the receptionist when they got to the hospital.
“Alright bye babe.”
“Yeah I'm going to play football, soccer, basketball, baseball, and then do track.”
The next morning was Sunday, so when all five boys woke up they went to Speedys' Diner and Café. "Hello Mrs. Hudson!" John said to the older woman that ran the diner. "Hello John! Oh I see you've met Sherlock!" Mrs. Hudson said smiling and hugging Sherlock. Sherlock returned the hug and then said. "Yes! They are my roommmates."
“Sherlock, Philip, there is something we need to tell you.” Picket said as Sherlock and Anderson both entered the living room. Kohen and Jeremy were sitting on Greg and Mycrofts love seat and gestured for Sherlock and Philip to sit on the couch.
“Sher what'd you two do?” Mycroft asked while Greg was cuddling up to him on what was now their love seat.
"Good babe, so all the same classes except math." I said with my lips twitching upwards. John just looked at me grabbed my hand and dragged me to the history room. All four of us plus Sally and Molly had almost the same classes, so we all sat by each other except in math, also French because Sally had Spanish. Me, Anderson, and Molly had the same schedule. Then John, Greg, and Sally had the same schedule except Sally's Spanish.
“No now stop staring at my boyfriend. You have your own.”
“Nothing Greg, Dear.” Mycroft said bending down to kiss Greg.
I had some trouble writing this chapter, but chapter four will be a shorter wait. Thanks for reading.
“Simple deductions Philip.”
“Well you best get going have a nice break.”
“What happened with Sherrinford was a long time ago. Can we please just forget it?” Sherlock replied turning his head into his uncles arm this time.
"Hello! I'm Greg Lestrade."
“No, it's alright. It's just the only people that know are those that work at the school with me, and a few police like Leon. Is it a problem that I'm gay?”
“Hey, after Myc left for Eton when he was ten, our parents started to beat me. When Molly came to live with us they then started to hit her too, so I would get in front of her, or make sure she was away when they were home and drunk.”
For a year and a half we were getting tossed from group homes to foster homes. I just want a place where Liz can have a family, wether that means we're separated or not. It's a co-ed juvenile detention, and they make sure if a family member is also in you have time with them each day. I spend breakfast, lunch, and dinner in a sibling room. There's always two guards, but I get to see Liz, so that's ok. Right now I'm fine with sitting here letting my sister lay her head in my lap, while we eat.
“Don't do anything stupid don't forget you do have the rescheduled soccer practice.” Mycroft yelled at them as he and Greg headed to their room and Jim and Philip to their own.
“Night to you too, Babe.” Sherlock said, and they fell asleep as they were.
"Anyways we need to talk privately." Jim said to Sherlock.
“What happened?” Phillip asked as John entered setting Sherlock on the couch and Jim on a love seat.
“We've talked about this. You can call me Jeremy, and as long as your not in class or practice, you can call him Kohen.” Jeremy said, and then both him and Kohen said, “Now night boys.”
&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
"I think that would be great!" Jim said.
They were back on the court and when it came down to five minutes left in the third quarter Morris was yelling out at his team the play numbers to set up. Sherlock went to shoot the three pointer, but as he jumped a member from the opposing team came up and pushed him. The ref called it, but it was to late to control Sherlock's anger. Sherlock held his anger in through the free pointers, but then as soon as the other boy was on the court again, Sherlock was out of it and completely pissed. They started playing the game and the boy tripped Sherlock as he ran up for a layup. Sherlock landed on the leg that had already given out on him in the locker room. Sherlock was laying on the court and couldn't get up. Jeremy and Kohen had rushed down there with Mycroft, they had the stretcher brought in and Mycroft and Jeremy helped the paramedics get Sherlock on the stretcher.
"What is it?" Both John and Sherlock asked.
When the boys got back to their suite they opened the door to find Mr. Morris, Mr. Tvrdy, and Mr. Nicholas sitting. Morris on the Right Love seat, Tvrdy on the Left Love seat, and Nicholas on the couch.
“Night.” Greg and John then went up to Mycroft and Sherlocks rooms.
John's P.O.V.
“Yeah ok.” He said getting up and putting his son in the bassinet and then wheeled him to the next room that the doctors directed to. It has a bed, T.V., and a few chairs in it. He picked his son up and laid on the bed as Molly went to get the rest.
“What's your favorites?”
“Yes, yes I understand.” Sherlock leaned against Myc, who was now sitting directly next to him on the king size bed.
Meanwhile, downstairs Greg and John, were being talked to by Jeremy and Kohen. For more then halve of the time Sherlock and Mycroft were talking, the four downstairs were just sitting there. “Well boys, I don't really know what to say. They need you two. Sherlock really needs you John. They have both made mistakes, and they will again, but don't give up on them. Greg also Sherlock still needs you as a friend.”
“You forgot this bud. How's little Jacks?” Jeremy said going over to his nephew and great nephew. After tickling Jackson he went and sat on the love seat, that conveniently appeared underneath the wall mounted flat screen, after Kohen and him started visiting more.
"Well we better go, where do you want to eat?"
“Hey you guys should come down to the hospital you can bring the girls if you'd like.”
“Yes, and I have full custody I can move to another room at school, but Picket said if you guys are ok with it he can stay in the suite.” Sherlock said scared of what they'd say.
“I guess that's something else we'll have to figure out.” Will said kissing him back.
"No sir." Replied John.
“Yeah they do don't they?” Anderson said
“Thanks!” I said hugging him. I then ran out to the hall dragging Greg with me.
"Yes, but when I did I ended up with three broken ribs. I asked them two times after that. I only got an answer when I was twelve. ‘Ford told me, right before he left.” He said looking down at his hands.
“Well that's wonderful. Have you though about band?”
"Um not mine. I don't even like makeup." Sherlock said with a smirk as he was thinking, *unless John wants to put it on me.*
“Alright Jackson got his shots this morning so once we see that he finished the bottle he is free to go home.” The nurse said, picking up the camera Mycroft conveniently left there and taking pictures of John and Sherlock holding Jackson. Then once Jackson was ready to go home she took a picture of the couple and their son, then handed the camera to John and wished them good luck.
*That bastard!* Sherlock thought to himself, but it was too late to stop Sherlock's actions. Before he know what he was doing, he had punched Anderson in the face.
I am using Red Lobster because I needed a name for a restaurant.
"Fine Mrs. Hudson! Thank you for helping me back in London!" Sherlock replied.
"Ok."
"The principal." Philip answered
Sherlock was most excited about the violin and sheet music he got from Mycroft. His violin is old and was bought cheap and refurbished, because him and molly had to save up the money together so that he could get it. John’s best gift was brand new hp laptop, also from Mycroft. Greg’s was a leather jacket from Mycroft. Molly’s was ballet shoes from Sherlock. Sally’s was Black Veil Bride concert tickets from Molly. Harry’s was a new phone from Jeremy. Shara’s was a new necklace from Mrs. Hudson. Jim’s was a Bring Me The Horizon CD from Sherlock. Philip’s was a new ACDC t-shirt from Jim. Kohen and Jeremy's were the same, because it was a photo album of all the them and Jackson from Sherlock and John. Mrs. Hudson’s was a cd of Sherlock playing the violin from Sherlock. He had written all the songs just for her.
"I said I'm taking him out he's my boyfriend, you're not going to pay for our date!" John said practically screaming at Mycroft. Then calmed down and turned to a confused looking Sherlock "But would you like to go to Red Lobster, Sherlock?"
“Hey no reason to be grumpy babe he just worry’s.” John said helping Sherlock sit on the couch.
“That was really amazing William how'd you figure that out?” I asked him.
“Well we still have to unpack!” Will said smirking
"Well I'm Sally, that's Harry, and she is Shara." She said pointing to the person walking through the door.
“Alright it is do you want Mr. Holmes in here?” The doctor asked
“It was his fault, he’s the one that gave us condoms and lube. He should have been more careful.” Sherlock says smirking back at his boyfriend. “If you want me to get up, then you have to get off of me.”
"Oh... Nothing!" Sherlock replied to Anderson. The whole room turned their attention to him.
The boys returned a few hours later with bags of junk food to deliver to the party dorms. "I'm glad they gave us all that money to buy these with, there is no way I would've spent all that money on my own." John said, still stacking the junk food on the table.
John went back to Sherlock slid off both their pants and pushed Sherlock back on the bed. “Now where was I?” John asked Sherlock who was already speechless again because of John kissing him. John slowly slid back into Sher then waited a bit for him to adjust. Finally John started moving faster and faster. Soon him and Sherlock were at their climax, once again thankful for the sound proof walls as they came almost shouting each other's names.
“Well let's see what drugs they're on.” Mycroft said as he, Molly, Greg, and Sally entered.
“No, I hid it so no one could tell my parents. Well, I told them I couldn't help. They told me if not then as soon as they were gone, call the cops, and run. That's exactly what I did. I was the last thing my parents saw, they wanted help, but I didn't know what to do so once I called the police I was gone.”
They grabbed two slices each and a soda each, then sat down in the living room. "So, Sherlock what were you afraid your brother would tell us?" Anderson asked actually concerned.
“Oh, ok!” Greg said and then fell asleep in Mycrofts arms.
“Why the hell would you do drugs again?” Molly said slapping her brother.
“Well, you'll make it William.”
"Well of course it's not yours Sherlock, you're not gay!" Anderson replied. Sherlock walked across the hall to his room with a slight smirk.
"Still acting like a little brat brother?" Mycroft asked
“John!!!” Sherlock screamed as he came all over them. John then pulled out and threw his condom in the trash by the night stand.
"I'm gonna go get us some drinks." John said.
“You were nowhere near the scene of the crash Sherlock.” Mycroft said.
"Yeah we did. And you're gay?" Anderson questioned.
“Here's a duffle bag put your notebooks, sketchbooks, and writing utensils in here. I'll go put your personal stuff, like the clothes you were wearing when you came, in the bag. The two suitcases, and two duffle bags you two have, with your stuff left from your home, are already at Gregs’. Get some sleep Will, I'll wake you in the morning. Night.”
“William right?” Asked the Brown haired guy sitting on the couch.
“Greg's awesome!” I exclaimed. Me and Liz went over to the couch pulling Greg along with us.
“Sherlock what happened?” Tvrdy asked
&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
“Yeah sure.” Anderson said following the principal outside.
“Why?” Mycroft answered
When the boys were done eating they went back to meet Molly and her roommates.
“Most of them, the ones I don't know, or aren't good at are the wind instruments.”
“Alright.” Philip answered
“Did you ever ask them about it?”
“Cool, also why are there four doors?”
"Wait." Sally said, processing andersons words. "Philip, you're gay?"
“Alright Mr. Holmes let's get your leg reset and get you some crutches.” The doctor said coming in to the room and getting Will rolled out so they could go reset it.
French class came too slowly. Sherlock was fluent in at least four different languages and French was his best
“This is Philip Anderson, my boyfriend. Phil this is Elizabeth and William.” I said introducing them. I didn't add a last name, because they were still thinking about if they wanted it changed. Will stood up and walked over to us without saying a word. He reached his hand out to Phil. Philip took his hand and shook it.
"Oh Come on Mycroft! It's not like you never went to parties when you were in high school." Molly yelled back at him. "In fact, we found you stumbling back quite out of it every weekend!"
Sherlocks new hairstyle
John brushed his teeth and changed his clothes, and tried to go to sleep in his new bed. Don't get him wrong, he was tired alright. Physically from moving, and emotionally from the whole confrontation with Mycroft. John just couldn't sleep. John also couldn't help but stare at the beautiful creature in the bed across the room. John found himself fantasizing about the taller, dark haired male. *How I would love to run my fingers through his dark brown hair.* John thought to himself. *To gaze into his cerulean eyes for hours, trace his prominent cheekbones, kiss his pale pink lips, and hold his tall figure close to my own.* And with that thought, John was finally calm enough  to fall asleep.
“I'm homosexual.”
"How much did you hear?"
I woke up screaming. I have this dream on the anniversary of my family's murder, and some other times. Though I've never had it that graphic. I was still screaming about a minute later when Leon came in. He just came in sat down on the bed with me. He hummed a little, but he always did. See the thing with me and Leon is he was my dad's friend. My dad was a detective, and Leon was working with the local police when we first came to the states. Leon had always been there when our dad was shot, or put in danger. He would help Mycroft calm me down. It took me a little bit to focus, but when I did I realized there was another figure by the door.
“Yeah, could you put him in it, it's hard to pick him up when I can barely stand?” Sherlock asked his brother, even though he was looking into his little boy's eyes.
“William, you and Philip are technically cousins.” Jeremy said
"So?" All four freshmen asked.
"Hey Sher!" Jim said rather unconscious to the situation he was in.
"Yes Molly it seemed as you have found us, but as it has been a long day I am both physically and metaphysically tired. I'm turning in for the night." Sherlock stated, heading for his room. "Oh, well than goodnight Sherlock!" Molly yelled after him.
“Alright.” John said as he entered the room first then suddenly stoped as he saw Sherlock holding the baby. “Is he yours?” John asked
“Never seen it.”
“Jeremy, is everything alright?” Kohen questioned coming into the living room when he heard the door slam.
"So! John, you seem interesting!" Mycroft said, changing the subject.
“Alright Greg, William, let's go get Liz. Would you like to get her yourself Will? I mean you'd have to be escorted by a guard. If you would like though, Greg could go with you and you wouldn't need a guard. I could meet you guys in the room.”
All of a sudden, Picket who hadn't yet left baker dorm halls, busted into the suite. “What the hell is going on in here? And Jim darling, will you please turn down the damn TV. At that Jim didn't move, but closed his eyes and pretended to sleep.
“Yeah, alright babe!” He said getting out of the bed and heading to the dressers.
"You'll have to find out on your own."
“Here they are you both need to sign. So they know you agreed on full custody.” She said looking at Sherlock.
"Deal! Friends again Sherlock?" Jim asked.
&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
"Yeah if you don't force Sherlock to do anything." Anderson answered.
I took them to the third actual floor of the house, right below the attic. “Liz this is your room.” I said as we walked into the room at the end of the hall. “Williams’, is at the other end, so you go get settled.” Liz ran off to go set up her room, and play. I looked at Will who was smiling again. “Ready to go see your room?”
“Well William I don't think you need my help figuring that out!” John said going down to kiss his boyfriend.
“See you boys at the game tomorrow.” Picket said as he was leaving.
“That was brilliant!” Philip said pulling me out of shock.
“I love you.” I said hugging her before they put me in cuffs. I had to be in cuffs, because I was prone to get into fights, not start them though.
&&&&&&&&&&&&
“I want it to be me and Greg, if that's ok with him.” I said looking at Greg with hope that he'd say yes.
"Good then you'll do alright I hope." The professor said and I replied with a slight nod.
“I don't know if you've realized, but my favorite new student teacher, who also seems to live with you is in all of your classes.”
“Hey, I’m practically an uncle to you, why wouldn’t I drive you.” Tony said picking up the carseat and clapping a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Let’s get you three into town.” They went out to the car and headed towards town. Tony pulled up in front of a store with a big sign that said Rick’s.
“Ok, ok!” John said laughing as Sherlock started throwing pillows at him.
“Thank you Mrs. Hudson.” Sherlock said as she handed them the food.
“That was the plan. Unless you'd like me to stop.” John said chuckling
This is what happened with Myc and Greg last chapter. I felt like they needed a chapter
“So I see you're having a little bit of trouble in your classes.” Kohen said to Anderson.
“Then don't.”
“Well, we're still friends and holding my son at his fathers basketball game will be great.”
"Ok! Everyone first off I would like you to meet the man buying our new equipment and gear. All your gear will have your number and last name." Morris announced to the now pleased team.
“What you want me inside you that bad?”
“Nice to meet you too, Sir.” John says shaking Ricks out reached hand.
“Alright, I should probably get tested for it. Right?”
"Sure." The younger Holmes says rolling his eyes.
“Yeah, Leon. Why?”
“This is my boyfriend, John, and then this is Jackson my son.” he says nodding his head towards the little baby in his arms.
"Um I don't care."
“That why picket accepts us being gay.” Jim said.
“Yeah!” John and Philip said going up to their boyfriends.
“You're smiles adorable too!”
Mycroft is still there and Sherlock is not happy.
"How are we technically cousins?” Sherlock finally said.
"Yeah! Well except slam the door in Kohens face." Anderson said, then realized he said his first name.
“Alright then let's get your sister. I'll let you guys get her the door is unlocked I'll go wait for you three with Leon.”
"Sherlock you know were standing right here right?" Molly more so said than asked.
“Willy!” My little sister squealed as she jumped into my arms. “Where's the guards?”
After soccer practice and lunch  John, Greg, Sherlock, and Anderson headed to the basketball court for the meeting.
"Good babe, so all the same classes except math." He said with his lips twitching upwards. I just looked at Sherlock, grabbed his  hand and dragged him to the history room. All four of us plus Sally and Molly had almost the same classes, so we all sat by each other except in math, also French because Sally had Spanish. Sherlock, Anderson, and Molly had the same schedule. Then Greg, Sally, and I  had the same schedule except Sally's Spanish.
“Why, would he want to? No one has even given us a chance.”
“Yes sir!” The JV team said in unison.
"Hey, don't be sorry. It's just that I don't normally talk about it." Sherlock said.
“Oh why are you so irresistible?” John asked pushing Sherlock up against the wall and started kissing him.
"Yeah that sounds great!"
"Ok! Can I give you and John here some advice though?"
When Greg and Mycroft saw John and Sherlock go to their room they decided to go to “bed” their selves. Myc saw Sher and John's phones on the couch and picked them up and started heading to drop them off to the boys when Greg stopped him.
"We came in when you said I was your roommate." Anderson answered.
“Happier, less closed off, well besides the drugs, and being in the closet.”
“You can call me Will, and she likes Liz or Lizzie.” He said then walked back to his drawings and started on another one.
“Just wanted to check on you guys and bring you your phones. I figured you'd rather have me bring them then Myc.”
“Yes, but so much that he has flashbacks about it?”
"Hey babe did you catch a word of what Mycroft just said?" John asked me
"Yeah, but can I talk to you for a second Molls?" Sherlock asked.
"So Sherlock what's your schedule?" John asked me coming up from behind me.
John gets confronted my Mycroft about his crush on Sherlock, and catches himself fantasizing about his 221B roommate.
“Hey Sherlock, come out to your guys sitting room real quick. You can find your jerseys in a little bit.” Picket said coming into the room.
“Well I didn't drug you or myself. He hates us, so really it makes sence.”
When they all woke up the next day Mrs.Hudson had brought them all some breakfast so they all ate. Then around eight they all headed to their first class which sucked for Sherlock, because Mycroft was student teaching in all his classes.
“You know we're still here?” He asked the two in a frustrated manor
“In the kitchen.”
"Mycroft please come introduce your self." Morris said to Mycroft.
When they got into the suite Sherlock went to their room. He bent down and picked Jackson up from the crib and laid on the two beds pushed together. He laid Jackson by him and then laid in the middle. When John came in he moved Jackson to the bassinet right next to Sherlock's side of the bed. He then laid down on the other side of the bed and wrapped his arms around Sherlock. It was already nine at night so they fell asleep like that.
“I didn't mean to. I don't know how I got them.” Sherlock answered
"When you were what?" All four boys and the four girls that came back had said at once.
"Well they'll be good for you. How are you anyways?" She asked Sherlock.
“How did you know?” Will asked her
“Alright!” John smirked pushing the beds together. Then he grabbed hold of Sherlock and pulled him onto their now double bed. “I never want to let go baby.”
"He doesn't have to know. And it's just for old times sake!" Jim yelled back.
"And I dated you? Wait William dated you?"
"I did. You just didn't listen."
The boys decide to go to speedys' for breakfast. Then Sherlock starts talking about his past a bit.
"Alright! So we agreed on the baby's name?” She asked him
"Yeah maybe a little bit." He said returning the smirk.
“Well, I think it's set up now. Let's put Jackson to bed, he looks ready to fall asleep.” Mycroft said as he and Sherlock finished putting up the playpen. They stepped back and admired their work. Sherlock picked Jackson up from his bed and held him cradled in one arm, while he held onto the bedpost with the other.
"Will, would you like your hair cut? I can do it now if you'd like I know how my uncle taught me.” Leon said, and I realized I was still holding the beanie.
“Yes! Just him.”
“Because, John we go out there Myc will figure out what we just did.”
"Yeah, but I still shouldn't have asked you."
“Yeah thanks. Sorry!”
When the game started the five starters got in position for the tip off, Mike Stamford stood a few feet behind Greg since Greg was the tallest starter. The Bakersville hounds(The Sherlocks team) got the tip off and the game was at full speed. When half time came had only been rotated out for a minute or two, so they were tired. They went to the locker room for the half time lecture. They were standing there listening to Morris lecture, when suddenly Tvrdy was rushing over to stop Sherlock from falling.
Not edited, so sorry for mistakes.
"Ow!" Anderson said referring to the second punch which landed directly on his now forming bruise.
“He will, actually if you two agree he wants to do a week trial so you can get to know him. If that goes well he wants to adopt you. Since it's still summer they don't have school, even though we do. So would you like to give it a try?”
“No, I did not.” Phil said looking at his uncle, then turning to Sherlock. “How did you know about that?”
After John changed, so he was just in his pajama pants like Sherlock, he slid in the bed behind his boyfriend. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist. Sherlock snuggled as close as he could to John. His back was to John's chest. “Night, Babe.” John said.
Sherlock and John return from getting supper for the whole group. Everyone gets to know each other over pizza and soda. Mycroft makes some of his own deductions. Molly shows up at the dorm.
"BLODDY HELL! Did he hurt you?" Sherlock said rushing over to Molly.
“Alright I'm here Irene.” Sherlock said.
“Why should you talk to him?”
“I'm not hungry.” He said then turned to Jackson pulling out a stuff bee from his backpack, “Hey look what I've got for you.”
“Then you don’t have to go, Love. If you choose to go I will be there, ok?”
“John I won't get readdicted to drugs.”
My bag contained my watch, Bring Me The Horizon bracelet, and two necklaces. One had a dog tag on it that had my dad's name and information from the army, the other had five medal skull charms. My brother had given it to me, he was studying to become a doctor, he said each skull represented one member of our family. Along with those Items was my wallet. It had me and Lizzie's social security cards, our medical cards, and two pictures of our family. My clothes were simple, a black Bring Me The Horizon t-shirt, faded jeans with holes in the knees, a Black Bennie, and Black And1s’. I like beanies, because usually my hair is shorter and not curly, but when it's curly they don't fit. I stopped letting my hair grow out when my parents died, my mother was the only person that liked it curly. Greg hugged us both and helped us fasten our necklaces, he then helped me with my watch. I went over to Liz, sat down on the arm of the couch, and grabbed her hand and watch.
“Wait did you just use his first name?” Anderson said
“Oh William all that is wonderful news. Now I'll get you some lunch for you boys and two take some to the other two couples.”
“So, he will be here for breakfast tomorrow?”
"Pourquoi diable est mon frère dans cette classe pour ?" Sherlock said speaking his fluent French and got everyone's attention while Molly was just laughing.
"Shut up Anderson!" Sherlock yelled after Anderson confronted him about his feelings towards John. Which immediately caught everybodys attention, because of the yelling.
I wrote:
"We can talk to Leon. I would love to just adopt you guys, but court has to approve.”
"Hey little bro!" Harry Watson said, walking into the living room.
“Mycroft!” Phil yelled walking into the suite, to be greeted by a do not disturb sign on Mycroft and Greg’s door, and the sound of a baby starting to cry.
“I draw what I see.” He replied quietly, and I knew it was because of trust issues.
“Thanks Mols, and thanks Mr. Picket for letting me keep him here.” Sherlock said.
“That's why you were against me going into government.”
"Yeah I started remembering everything clearly when we were thirteen, and it just got to much, even the drugs weren't helping me forget.”
"I'm John Watson."
“None of your damn business!” Sherlock screamed pointed at everyone.
“Will, what are you looking at?” Jeremy said as he saw Sherlock staring at a photo album.
"Yes well your both 16 and I don't want you guys out getting in trouble." Mycroft said, choosing his words carefully, knowing now that his brother was awake and listening. "Come on out Sherlock. I think we'd all love a nice, peaceful family meeting."
The coaches from the other team forfeited as soon as they realized Sherlock couldn't get up at all. The game ended forty-five to twenty-five the hounds lead. The paramedics got Sherlock in the ambulance and Mycroft rode in with him. Kohen and Jeremy took John and Greg with them to the hospital. When they arrived at the hospital the doctor was waiting for the X-rays to get done. They entered Sherlock's room and saw Mycroft comforting his little brother. Jeremy knew exactly what was going on and went over to help comfort Will.
“Yeah and we don't care!” John answered and swept back down and gave Will a peck on the lips. Then Sherlock pulled them both back to a cuddling position, but this time his arms wrapped around John.
This is a link to what Sherlocks hair style is now.
“It is broken in three places they need to realign the bones then cast it, I’all be on crutches for eight weeks then I'll have four weeks of physical therapy, and I'll have to wear a boot during that time.”
“Oh, did Will tell you he has ADHD?”
“Alright.” John said as he started moving inside Sherlock never letting his mouth get far from Sherlock's. He started moving faster and faster when there was a knock on the door. “Shit!” The two whispered.
“Oh sure, you mean your boyfriend, right?”
“You know we have to tell them, and how is it going to work?”
“You still have this?” He asked his uncle as he looked at the cover of the album, the cover said Sherrinford, Mycroft, and William.
"What just happened? A female voice came from the door.
"You know you can call me Will or William. Also I know I don't have to, but... I-I love you to." Sherlock said smiling and stuttering.
"Night baby, and Jacks.” He said doing the same as John did then they both headed to the beds that were set up close to each other and intertwined their fingers.
“It is three floors, well technically five, because the attic and the basement are the same size as the other floors. I turned the attic into a game room for you, and my boyfriend picked out some of the games he thought you would like. I'll show you it in a little bit. Liz the basement is a huge play room for you I'll show you in a bit too.”
"Let's all give a big round of applause and thank you to Mr. Holmes!" Coach Morris said eyeing Sherlock. The whole team including Sherlock clapped and said thank you.
"Ok!" They both said.
"First off, John is totally hot for you. Second off, Greg and Mycroft totally like each other. Good news! Your violin is back. However, bad news, Jim goes to high school here." Molly said, concerned about Sherlock.
“We will all watch him, while you two are with Jeremy.” Kohen said, and picked Jackson up from the playpen. He then went into the living room, and the three going to the station left.
This is about what happens with John and Sherlock when they get back to the room. Next chapter will be Greg and Mycroft.
“You two come with me. I'm for sure you're both high.” He said pulling Will and Jim with him back to their suite.
“The crash, the beatings, watching them die, while calling for help.”
“Good idea!” Will said holding Johns hand.
“Ok then I'll sign the papers now.” She told the nurse
I honestly am horrible with summary a so please don't judge this one.
Once I was done writing the letter, I shut the book and left it on the desk. I laid in my bed just thinking about tomorrow. Thinking about the ways I can assure we get adopted. The ways I can stop myself from getting into trouble. I was also thing about how I was going to tell Elizabeth. She seems ok with the foster care, but the possibility of being adopted. I'm scared of how she'll react, but I guess a new family is what I want to. A place to call home. I mean I haven't had a home since Mycroft and my parents died. I fell asleep to the thoughts of possibly having a new family.
“Glad you could make it.” Sherlock said
“Thanks!” John said as his clothes were thrown at his face.
December seventeenth the four girls, six boys, and Jackson arrived at London. Jeremy, Kohen, and Mrs. Hudson had gone to London the week before, but Sherlock's doctors wanted to make sure the physical therapy was set up for their two to three weeks in London. Sherlock was doing so well they said three more sessions, which would be the first week, and he would be released and could start doing normal things. They got to the Holmes’ country manor and unpacked. Sherlock was very happy that his old room was on the first floor, because it was hard to walk upstairs with a boot.
“Well I'll go talk to Will.”
“Whys he here?” Mycroft said coming out of his room with only shorts on and a towel drying his hair.
Secret number two is out and a relationship begins.
“And, they are even speeding up the process you will be officially adopted in two weeks. Right before school starts.” I said to him and he immediately lit up.
"Well, only the ones I'm in with Jim…” Philip replied.
“Hey Sherlock here's the diaper bag Irene's parents got for you and it's full with stuff.” Molly said coming in the suite.
“You know which hospital, right?” Molly asked as they got in the Lambo.
&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
“Because, you never believed him.”
"Yeah! I guess so." Greg said with a slight blush.
“No, our brother was. I'm also pretty sure Will is, but he won't tell anyone.”
“So, he was having a flashback, and when I asked him what they did he ran out and slammed the door. Mycroft what did your parents do to your brother?”
"I'm sorry William, I really am, I just have to go get Harry. I have to get her home." John said to his boyfriend. "Now stay here. And don't get into trouble."
“Mr. Picket, your nephew here woke up our Baby!” Sherlock said referring to the fact that Jackson was both his and John's.
“My Patriots football jersey, and some shorts.” Will said
"What do you mean?" John asked, after Mycroft turnt his gaze back to him.
"Sherlock knows my boyfriend!" Anderson said.
“How did you know they were MI-6?” Mycroft asked worried.
“So, if I remember right my boyfriend promised me something!” John said as Will plugged in the t.v.
Sherlock and John have to unpack in their new room.
"Got it." Sherlock said, but he already had a plan to go find his brother so he added, "you know actually I'm going to go find Mycroft."
“Come on like they didn't?”
"Yeah I am!" Sherlock said.
That night the boys were cuddled up with their partner on their seats. Sherlock hated this for one reason he just wanted it to be him and John. When it looked like everyone was about out John leaned down right by Sherlock's ear and said, “I think it's safe to say we can go to our bed now.”
“Bye.” Sherlock said hanging up the phone and then him and Irene were laughing.
"I'm not that interesting!" John said wry.
“No.” Sherlock said turning around and laid down bringing John with him since they had the couch to their selves. Jim and Philip were on one love seat and Mycroft and Greg on the other. Which of course Mycroft bought all the living room furniture and the t.v.s and mini fridges.
“Ok Molly will meet you out front.”
"Well I don't either. But I'm worried about those two."
When the trio arrived at the soccer meeting they were greeted by coach Morris. "Ah! William, John, and Greg, correct?" Morris asked them. "I go by Sherlock not William." Sherlock answered. "Ok, I'll try to remember." Morris replied. "Why don't you boys go find seats." He said pointing to the bleachers behind him.
"Alright let's go then." John said, grabbing both their coats, his wallet, and sherlocks keys and walking out the door with his boyfriend.
“My leg just gave out but it's fine now I can play still.”
"I haven't even been here a day and you're checking up on me?" Sherlock asked his brother.
“Well then help me move the beds together so we have more room!” He said getting on Johns nerves.
“Yeah she's the only one who knew about me and Jim. But let's just go.” Sherlock said leaning on John as they started to walk to the Lambo.
Here's the big twist, but I promise it has a good ending. So thanks for sticking with this story and I promise I'll right a mother chapter tomorrow to, I've just been so busy with my school.
“Yeah sure.” Anderson said following the principal outside.
“Alright, night dad. Could you help me put my basketball bedding set on the bed?”
“Yeah my parents own a business, and I own a forth of the business.”
“Well then.” John said whispering in Sherlock's ear. Then he suddenly moved to Williams lips. They started with just a peck then John pulled back. “How was that?”
Next they went to Aca Deca where their Biology Professor Mr. Nicholas taught it and got them ready for competition against the rest of Nebraska, and if they make it the rest of the country.
"So, Mycroft will be staying in our dorms and will get his teaching degree with our help." The Principal, Mr. Picket said
“I figured you missed them.”
“So I see you're having a little bit of trouble in your classes.” Kohen said to Anderson.
Christmas morning Sherlock and John were woken up by Harry, Shara, Mycroft, and Greg all coming in with pillows and throwing them at them. “Go away!” Sherlock shouted getting up and shutting and locking the door in their face. He then went and collapsed back on the bed.
“Yeah apparently Mycroft didn't trust us not to do anything night stand bottom draw!”
"What can't you do babe?" I asked as we walked in the door and took seats in the very back.
&&&&&&&&&
Sherlock looked up from his seat just in time to see his brother walking across the field. "Why is he here?" Sherlock mumbled. "You know him?" John and Greg questioned with John looking at Sherlock, and Greg looking love struck at Mycroft. "Yes, he is my brother." Sherlock answered angrily.
“They promised they wouldn't.” Anderson said shocked. “So maybe they didn't know?”
November twenty forth, Thanksgiving Day, came along the boys had a team breakfast for soccer and basketball, then they went over to Kohen and Jeremy's place. When they arrived with their overnight bags, since Kohen had been persistent on Mycroft, Greg, Sherlock, John, Molly, Sally, Philip, Jim, and Jackson staying the night. They had each couple Share a room and Jackson stayed with his fathers.
“Will just dropped a picture of your parents.”
“You mean he told you when he beat up you up?” Mycroft said getting angrier by the second. He was mad, because he didn't see what Sherrinford was doing to Molly and Sherlock.
“It is nice to meet you.” John said
"I'll be back. I'm going to take Molly and get us all some food from Speedys'." Sherlock said, going and grabbing Molly.
“Yeah ‘Lock.” Myc said taking his nephew from his little brother. “You know we need to talk about this?” Mycroft now had a stern look on his face.
“Yeah me to.” Sher said
"She's high, again." John said looking worried. "And she's drunk voice mailing me, she does this all the time." He said, heading towards the door.
“Well, I'll get two sets of drums, electric, bass, and acoustic guitars. Then a keyboard and piano, and two violins. The guitars, a set of drums, the keyboard and a violin, can go in your office. We can go shopping for them now.”
“No. If they don't want to be apart of my life when I have my son with me, then I don't see why they should be part of my life at all.”
Friday morning when Sherlock and John woke up to Molly screaming at Mycroft about how he wanted to keep Sherlock in for the night. "He's a bloody teenager Mycroft! Let him go to his first high school party for Gods sake! He's making friends already, and they're all going to be there!"
“Were you ease dropping?” Mycroft asked his little sister.
“How bout Speedys’?” John asked pulling Sherlock to him by the waist. “I mean Mrs. Hudson knew there was something between us.”
"I've got something to tell you."
John changes Jackson’s diaper and then changes him into the new christmas onesie Mycroft had bought him. They then head to the living room where everyone is sitting around the tree. “Sherlock, John, nice of you to join us.” Kohen says as the Sherlock and John sit down on a loveseat, and Sally takes Jackson into her own arms. They passed around the gifts and went youngest to oldest.
“So your serious, about adopting us I mean.” We were still stopped, but I needed reassurance before I let Liz know.
“Football is from the second week of school to two weeks into November. Basketball starts a week after football, right after Thanksgiving break and goes through February. Wrestling is same time as Basketball. Track is from March to the end of the school year in May. Soccer goes all school year, and they do practices in the Summer that aren't mandatory, and only once a week. Baseball is from the beginning of May to the end of Summer. You could do Football, Soccer, Basketball, Track, and Baseball. If you do soccer there is a period where it is practice, and then some mornings.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“I hope so!”
“Ok.” He answered and they walked back inside.
“Do you wanna hold him?” Sherlock said
“You too, ‘Lock. Night.” Mycroft said and was met by a ‘Night’ from Sherlock.
“I love you too John.”
"Well that was a great way of telling him.” She said
"Shut up Mikey!" Sherlock replied
“Sherlock, could you come in here for a moment?” Jeremey Called out from the kitchen. Sherlock made his way to the kitchen and leaned against the marble breakfast bar. “Jack and Carrie Winston stopped by. They are bringing supper for the thirteen of us and the five of them. They also wanted me to give you this note.”
"How did you know about that anyway?”
“Sherlock, look at him. He needs you, so calm down. I know you can take care of him, him and John are already your priorities.” Mycroft said, which seemed to calm Sherlock down a bit. He then added, “You are not a sociopath, honestly I agree with the first doctor you saw at age five.”
"That's true, but I took 40 from Myc." Sherlock said  looking at John, and they both started laughing.
An hour later the basketball boys were in the locker room getting the pre game lecture from Tvrdy. “Stamford, Lestrade you two are post starters for junior varsity. Holmes, Watson, and Anderson your Gard starters for the junior varsity. You five are only in JV game tonight, but normally you'd play both.” Tvrdy finished.
"Sorry!" Sherlock repeated. "Molly why don't you go to mine and Johns room."
“I don’t think it can be ease dropping if I can hear you perfectly from the living room.”
“Are you ready? I don't want to hurt you.” John said
“I talked to picket he said the rooms in the suite are big enough where I can still have custody at the school.”
"I want to be a detective. Like my dad and Greg were.” I answered
"John French please." Morris said while Sherlock  just nodded his answer to Me.
“Yes I still have it. It has you two in it.” He said referring to Sherlock, and Mycroft.
“Yeah maybe in a little bit.”
"Good because you two are eating at Red Lobster! Here is the money for it and try not to make a fuss there Sherlock." Mycroft said cutting in.
"Hey how are you doing?" Anderson asked giving her another kiss.
Phil and I headed up to the attic to play video games. I picked out Injustice for the Xbox 360. I chose to be Nightwing, and he chose Batman. I won, but I'm pretty sure he let me. Afterwards we watched some T.V., and talked for a while. He asked me, “Is there anything you want to do besides be in a band, when you get older?”
“Hey, what’s wrong, love?” John said going up to his boyfriend and sitting down next to him. He then wrapped an arm around Sherlock’s shoulders and pulled him closer, kissing his forehead.
“Why?” The blonde that had been quiet asked
"A guy!"
“On the contrary, really. We were doing a race, I stole your motorcycle and went out. I didn't mean for it to happen.”
“I observed and deduced.” William said, he looked surprised by our reaction.
“Good! Cause I am tired of moving.”
“Well, I think it's set up now. Let's put Jackson to bed, he looks ready to fall asleep.” Mycroft said as he and Sherlock finished putting up the playpen. They stepped back and admired their work. Sherlock picked Jackson up from his bed and held him cradled in one arm, while he held onto the bedpost with the other.
Sorry I didn't update yesterday school just started I'll try updating daily but no promises.
“They’re having a memorial service for my parents, and they want me to be there, but I don’t know if I can. I haven't went to any of the other ones.”
"No please don't stop. I want you.”
“Coach Tvrdy.” The four replied
"You can tell us, we won't judge you." John said trying to ease Sherlock into telling them.
"Then whose makeup is it?" Sally asked Philip.
Sherlock was getting ready for his and John's date in their room while John got ready in the hall bathroom, because Mycroft said they could not change in the same room before their date.
"Fine! and you?"
"I came to find Sherlock. Yet I found you both." Molly replied.
“Mycroft, we need to talk.” Jeremy said as he walked up to his nephew.
“Uh one second.” They both grabbed a pair of shorts and slid them on. Then John went and opened the door.
"Yeah I liked studying it a lot as a kid." I answered as Mycroft shot me a glare, because he didn't know I liked history to.
“Do you ever want to do drugs again?” He asked me, causing me to look up. I shook my head cause that was all I could do. He crouched in front of me and put his hands on my shoulders. “Will, look at me. That's the past now, as long as you don't plan on doing them again then I think we're ok. Although, if you ever feel like you want them, or that you need them, come talk to me. I will help you, as much as I can, and as long as you will allow me. Deal?”
“Yeah also Myc, Sher, did you know your uncle is here?”
"William vous respectez votre frère lorsque vous êtes dans ma classe!" Morris yelled which startled everyone.
“Yeah, but Greg there's something I should tell you. I don't know if you know about it or not, but I should tell you.”
It is November fifteenth nine days before Thanksgiving that Jackson turns a month old. Sherlock walked in to the suite at seven a.m. “Where have you been?” John questioned him as he entered the living room and saw all five boys, Jackson, and the four girls.
“Oh Sherlock, John! How are you two  is everything ok?” Mrs. Hudson asked the two boys.
“Thanks let's go to the other room he's finally asleep.”
"He's your uncle?” John said turning to Anderson as Picket left.
"Ready to go?" John shouted from the other side of the bedroom door.
“Yeah you know this means we've just laid here for ten minutes since its thirty minutes in?”
“Hey.” Will says back and we kind of just get lost in each others eyes. After about ten minutes of just standing there Will suddenly moves when a new song comes on and I can tell he likes this song. “I love this song, my brother always listened to it when he was home from school.” WIll says with a sad smile debating whether he is happy for this song or not.
"You'll have to find out on your own."
"Oh! You needed a second chance. And now you have it, make the best of it." Mrs. Hudson said.
“What did the doctor say I have?”
"Then tell them the secret!" Sherlock said.
"No one cares what you think!" Sherlock said.
"Well the secrets out. Will you still date me Philip?" Jim asked.
"Yes, Molly he is going to bed, an action you should follow." Mycroft said to Molly, then turned to John. "As for you I said later, and later happens to be here." Mycroft said and motioned for John to follow him to the kitchen. John reluctantly followed Mycroft to the so far unused room.
“Will no, he doesn't need to know.” Liz said to me.
“Yay!” Liz said excitedly as she tugged at my hand, to get me to go show her, her room.
"No! I'm never kissing you again! You ruined my life! It's not happening!" Sherlock yelled.
"Sorry about that." Sherlock said looking to Molly for help.
“I don’t think it can be ease dropping if I can hear you perfectly from the living room.”
Sherlock opened the door and immediately saw the shocked faces of Mycroft and Philip.
“Yeah, we’re ready. Thank you for driving us Tony.” Sherlock said as Tony took Jackson and put him in the carseat.
"It's Jim's."
Sherlock has an unwanted visitor show up.
“Are you sure?” Morris and Nicholas asked.
“Ok!” Sherlock said trying not to smile, but couldn't help it. And as soon as John saw that smile he pushed him up against the wall in their rooms and started kissing him. Exploring his moth with his tongs and Sherlock's to image trying to fight back but failing.
"Where are you going?" Sherlock asked him.
“Yeah, Leon said it was ok for me and Liz to not have him following. Well that is as long as Greg's with me.”
“He's doing find thanks for my bag.”
“Yeah. Here princess, I'll help.” Greg said.
“Alright, Molly go talk to him please.” Jeremy said interrupting what was sure to end as a major fight.
"So am I!" Mycroft replied, then walked up to his younger brother.
"Don't worry we don't care. Your trying to stay better and that's all that matters." John said to Sherlock, and the other two agreed.
“Yes, Sherlock Holmes.”
"Yes Mr. Holmes, do you know much about it?" Nicholas asked me
“It's ok have fun.” Finally he left leaving an embarrassed Sherlock and John.
"Ahem!" Mycroft cleared his throat.which immediately made Sherlock and Molly stop. When they entered 221 they were greeted by yelling.
“Hey William, would you like to meet Greg now? He brought you two some breakfast. We figured you could talk to Liz before he went into the room.” I only nodded, in response. I now knew the figure was Greg, but that also means he just saw me during a PTSD nightmare. He’ll never want us now. I messed it up. “Will, I know what you're thinking, and believe me you did not just screw it up, because of a nightmare.”
“No you should let me.” Molly said as she walked in.
“It also has him in it.”
“You are what Willy?” Liz asked me.
“Don't forget Sherlock, Greg, John, and Philip you're all starters along with six others and the goalie.” Tvrdy reminded them. “Be at the field at one P.M.”
“Thank you…”
“Alright it's nice to meet you both.” Philip said and then sat on the couch next to me.
Sherlock cornered Mycroft after the meeting to talk to him. "What the bloody hell is this about?" He angrily asked his brother. "I wanted to make sure my baby brother had the best." Mycroft answered irratated. "Well if you want me to make friends you have to let me have some space." Sherlock replied equally irratated. "OK brother dear, but I'm still helping." Mycroft announced.
“What do you mean by tha…” Sherlock started to say as he was suddenly straddled by John.
"No I'm fluent in French."
“Yeah why don't I do that and you go get ready for bed?”
“Sher if he actually loves you he'll stay. I promise.”
“Just wanted to check on you guys and bring you your phones. I figured you'd rather have me bring them then Myc.” He said handing the phones over to John.
“It's ok have fun.” Finally he left leaving an embarrassed Sherlock and John.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Kohen walks over to the couch where Jin was laying and picked up the remote. Everyone expected that he would simply turn it down but surprisingly enough he didn't turn it down at all but he chucked it at the tv, only to have it miss the left side by about two inches.
“Hey, dad what time is it?” Will surprised me when he came down and asked me this.
“I really do not want to discuss my brothers sex life.”
“John the soccer team’s setting it up you know I have to go.”
"Okay! That will be out as soon as we can."
“Oh and Sherlock, Jim no more drugs. Okay?” Tvrdy asked
“What are the seasons for each?”
“Can I do those five sports?” Will asked excitedly.
"Sherlock."
"Fine I bet Mycroft and all of them would love learning about our little secret in sixth and seventh grade." Jim said.
"Philip, this isn't my makeup bag. This isn't even my skin tone!" Sally yelled. "It matches Sherlock better than it matches me!"
“Yeah come on Lizzie.” The way they interacted was the only thing that indicated no one had cared for them enough, since their parents died. I started to take them downstairs, and pulled out my cellphone. “Hey. Yeah their here. Yep they want to meet you tomorrow. Yeah breakfast is fine. See you then. Love you too.”
“William!!!” He then screamed ass he came all over them both. As he calmed down after collapsing on Sherlock he said, “Aren't you glad at least these walls and doors are sound proof?” He then cleaned both him and Will.
“Yeah.” Sherlock then looked up from his hands, and to Mycroft. “Myc, I don't want to be like them.” He added crying.
“It's Greg, alright. Mr. Lestrade, is who I am at school, not away from it.”
“Hey, hey look at me.” Myc said soothingly, and then added, “You are nothing like mother, father, or Sherrinford. Do you understand me?”
“Ok here you go. There are towels, and shampoo in your bathroom.” I told him as I handed him his clothes.
Pourquoi diable est mon frère dans cette classe pour: Why the devil is my brother in this class for
“Now seriously help me with these boxes!” John said still holding him to the wall till he agreed.
“Yeah T.” Sher and Jim answered.
“I love you, too.” She said back to me, and watched them put the cuffs on.
“No you should let me.” Molly said as she walked in.
"It was an honest question I just explained more than normal."
“Woah, sunshine. Slow down. Why don't we talk on the way to your sisters’ room.” I stopped and looked at him confused. “What is it Will? Is it the nickname?”
"Y-you look amazing!" John said finally finding his voice.
"Ok!" Molly replied.
I opened the door and immediately Will asked, “Why are there stairs?”
“Can we see our rooms, and the play rooms now?” Liz said to me.
Thursday morning was just peeping for the party on Friday. That night the boys watched Doctor Who again.
"Ok, then we should get going."
“Can I call Leon, and ask him?”
"Hey sis!" John replied.
“Come on you got this your almost there.” Sherlock said as the baby started crowning. Finally there son was part of the world. While the nurses and doctors cleaned Jackson up Sherlock called John.
“Ok, wait, Kyle’s back?” Sherlock asked.
"Well you could've just told me, I wouldn't have been mad." Sally told Philip supportively. "So it's your makeup then?"
"Yeah what is it?"
“Alright, so some Supernatural seem good?”
"And I honestly don't care!"
“I know someone that has it.”
“Oh, you mean like you and Jim in all of your classes.”
“Ok!” Sherlock said throwing John a pair of boxers and basketball shorts from Johns dresser. Then took out a pair of boxers and a pair basketball shorts identical to Johns from his own dresser. They were their school basketball shorts for warm up days. Then they changed.
Sherlocks' POV
"John French please." Morris said while I just nodded my answer to John.
“I love you too Greg!” Myc said as he started moving faster and faster. Then they both reached their climax and came shouting each other's names. Mycroft got up went to the en suite to get a wet towel to clean them up then when they were curled up with Myc holding Greg close, Myc asked him, “Would you like to go to London with me for two of the four weeks of Christmas break?”
As soon as they got out they were meant by four sets of eyes. “What no shirts.” Jim said staring at Sherlock.
“Hey John, Sherlock, we have to go or we’ll be late for the soccer meeting.”Greg informed them.
“Yeah Myc, you can all hold him just be careful.” He said handing the baby to Myc. Then turning back to John and returning the hug. John kept one arm around his waist as he sat Sherlock on the bed and sat beside him, letting Sherlock lean on him. When they all got to hold him Greg handed John and Sherlock the baby and everyone except John and Sherlock left, because they got a cot for him rolled in so he could stay.
When they all woke up the next day Mrs.Hudson had brought them all some breakfast so they all ate. Then around eight they all headed to their first class which sucked for Sherlock, because Mycroft was student teaching in all his classes.
"So know your even good at History?" John whispered with his lips almost touching my ear which sent a shrivel down my spine and earned me a smirk from John.
“Well sunshine, if all goes well I plan on adopting you. That would make it permanent.”
“Yeah by the way do you want to go there may and most likely be drugs there?”
Sherlock/Will and John go on their first date and Mycroft is as protective as ever.
“There are stairs because this is the game room.” I walked him upstairs.
"Ask each other out. You obviously like each other." Jim answered the two.
“mm… Morning babe!” Sherlock said as he woke up to John kissing his neck.
Will and John found the lube and condoms now they are on the bed with John three fingers inside.
“I'm ready John you won't hurt me.”
"So, Greg you seem like a good guy!" Mycroft said turning his attention to Lestrade.
Sherlock looked up to them for reassurance, then started. " I was originally sent here to give me a second chance."
“So your saying Sebastian is still after us?”
"She was a family friend before our parents died when I was ten. Then she took me, Molly, and Mycroft in until he was eighteen and got custody of us. She still is a big part of our lives tough." Sherlock replied.
(What does he know?) was all John could think about.
&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
“I love you to Will.” Then they finally cuddled up to watch Supernatural.
“Welcome.” Will said smiling.
&&&&&&&&&&&&
"Never. I didn't want to in the first place, but my sister, it was a different story for her." John said, cringing as he reminisced.
Later at the restaurant Sherlock saw the live lobsters in the tank. "That is just cruel. Why would they put live lobsters out and catch them in front of the families."
“So we should finish packing!” John said trying to get them to do something else. Him and Sherlock went to finish packing. Then heard Jim and Philip wake up.
"Oh, that makes since." Anderson said now sorry for asking
“Fuck babe I love you.” John said
"Why not." Sherlock said grabbing the drink from Jim's hand.
“As long as your part of it.” Sherlock answered John.
"Sherlock punched it."
“Well at least you're doing what you want. You start sixth grade, which will give you sports and music opportunities.”
“Yes! Please.” Sherlock said and the nurse handed him his baby boy, that you could tell was his. “Hi, Jackson.” He said softly to the little baby with his blue eyes that shined bright.
“I'd love to, but you'll have to show me the way.”
“They were business owners, I never asked beyond that. Sher we sat in their office when we were younger.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Mycroft and Anderson started walking to Sherlocks room, and suddenly stopped when they heard yelling from the other side of the door.
“We’ll go to Lizzie's play room, then her room, then your room, and then the game room. Ok?”
“Yep.” When Anderson and Jim returned they put the playpen up, and Mycroft placed his sleeping nephew in it.
“Myc if you go into government, I will never forgive you.”
“Night.” I handed him the bag, it had all my sketchbooks and notebooks, except one. He let me keep my pocket sketchbook and a pen with me. I always had the sketchbook, but usually when I was out of the cell I'd have to ask for a pen. I couldn't sleep, so I got up and turned on my desk lamp. I used a sheet out of the book to write something.
We spent the rest of the day going shopping for clothes, games, toys, sketchbooks, composer music sheets, bedding, and the instruments. Now at ten o'clock it's just me and William up. “We should get some sleep, my boyfriend will be here around eight.”
"Yeah, an old friend you could say." Sherlock said.
Once they eased Sherlock down to sit in front of the lockers since he couldn't bend his leg to sit on a bench.
"Hey! You know it's convenient that were neighbours." Molly replied to Sherlock.
“I think they're high.” John said as they both became very concerned.
I've was sick when writing the last art of this chapter, so let me know about mistakes so I can lix them, Thank you hope you enjoy.
“Sorry Mr.Picket, sort of rocking a child back to sleep here.” John said, coming up with any excuse possible to stay out of their fight.
“Wow! I love you John.”
“Ok. Sherlock, I'm sorry I didn't believe you. I should have. Can I ask you something though?”
"So you would never do them again? Right Mr. Watson?"
“Yeah bud any time. So what's up with your leg?” Jeremy said
“Yeah here Sherlock, I'll move your crutches.” John said as he handed Jackson to Molly, and picked up the crutches to move them.
“Ok.” He said as the nurse wheeled in their baby boy.
“If you and your sister are ok with it.”
"What do you know him?" John asked.
"Jim who?" Sherlock asked skeptically, peeking his head back into the room.
Happier, less closed off, well besides the drugs, and being in the closet.”
When Sherlock got to his dorm which was more a suite his three roommates had their rooms sorted out. There were two bedrooms, each had two beds, so he went and unpacked. Then Greg Lestrade came in and asked him to come out and meet the rest. He followed without protest. The three men had all went to middle school in America together so they knew each other.
“Why what's wrong?”
An hour later the basketball boys were in the locker room getting the pre game lecture from Tvrdy. “Stamford, Lestrade you two are post starters for junior varsity. Holmes, Watson, and Anderson your Gard starters for the junior varsity. You five are only in JV game tonight, but normally you'd play both.” Tvrdy finished.
"Yeah, I'm proud of you to Sher.”
“Yeah, I'll set the appointment up, just get some rest. Jackson is calm now, so I'll lay him down.” Mycroft put his nephew back in the playpen. He went to leave, but Sherlock stopped him by pulling on his arm. He stood using Myc as a crutch, and hugged his brother.
“On really. Well, maybe he's afraid to admit it. I bet I could get it out of him.” He said chuckling and then jumped up, and started tickling me until I was half way off the bed.
Greg went to Sherlock and John's room and knocked on the door. He heard a faint whispered “Shit!” Then Sherlock say, “Who is it?”
“Thanks dad I love you.” He said running up and hugging me.
We went into the kitchen, and I pulled out some snacks I had laying around. “I don't know what you guys like for snacks, I've got some candy bars, sour patch, fruit snacks, and also some ice cream.” I said pulling out the tub of chocolate ice cream. “Will, what would you like?”
“I know I just guess I keep forgetting other priorities.” Sherlock said tickling Jackson.
“Drums, Guitar, Piano and Keyboard, then also the Violin.”
They curled up after cleaning up with John holding Sherlock close to him and fell asleep.
“One second.” Was the replies he heard. Then a few seconds later John came and opened the door.
“Who is it?” Sherlock said
John went to the passenger side and opened the door for Sherlock to get in. Then went around got in and started the Lambo.
"We can try to be friends, but no drugs this time."
“Sherlock we know this is a lot to take in, but we figured it was time to tell you. Plus we were hoping, you six boys, Molly, and Sally would join us for Thanksgiving, since your going to London for Christmas break.” Kohen said.
As Mrs. Hudson left John turnt to Sherlock. "How do you know her?" John asked.
“So we always have time for each other.” He said with a smirk, and I started laughing again all the sadness gone now.
“I'll take those to them babe you go get the condoms and lube out.” He whispered to Mycroft.
"You know French?" I asked him, full of shock from the very fluent French I just heard.
"Well that means you are comfortable talking to us." John said, so the conversation wouldn't go deeper.
"Uh let me see... World history, art intro, Geometry, Biology, Lunch, Culinary, English, Info tech, French, then Academic Decathlon. Yours?"
“Hey, calm down babe.” John said soothing him as the cuddled on the couch that was now their spot.
“Ok! Here let me sign.” Sherlock said taking the papers signing where he needed then handed them and the pen to Irene.
My thoughts were interrupted by Elizabeth saying, “Will, do you think we'll ever get a family?”
“Do you know what's going to happen?”
"Again."
John’s P.O.V.
“Love you too dad, night.” He said and I shut off the lights.
“Yep. Jackson Tyler Holmes.”
"Yes that's the bloody point. Now excuse me, I'm taking John and myself to Speedy's."
"Philip, where in fucking hell did you get this makeup bag?" Sally yelled.
“I was no better then them. You have no clue what our parents actually did for a living do you?”
"Don't try to be smart William. I'm the smart one." Mycroft said to his brother.
“Here he is be quite.” He heard Molly say.
"Ookayyy!" Greg, John, and Sherlock said.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Guys don't they look so adorable?” Greg asked Myc, Philip, and Jim. He was taking a picture of John and Sherlock curled up together on the couch. John was looking protective with his arms wrapped around Sherlock.
“Um… Yeah? But why do we have a game so early we've only had three practices?” John said.
"No! I was going to ask you the same thing."
“No! I want full custody, and you'll be able to see him whenever you want.”
"Why?" Sherlock repeated
"Does anyone else know here?"
"S-so do you!" Sherlock replied also finding his voice.
"I told you to never call me that!"
"Uh no thank you I'll pay for it myself I'm the one taking him out!" John said handing Mycroft the money back.
"And who might these two be?" He asked pointing to John and Greg.
“Because you know how I got married a few months after your parents died? Well I married Kohen here, and he adopted Philip.” He said pointing at Kohen.
“Honestly I don't think they did anything, Will does have a tendency to come up with stuff.”
“Well our family might be, but I'm going to prove I can do this without their bloody money.” Sherlock said as Kohen and Jeremy entered the suite with Sherlock's back pack.
"Hey! You better get used to Mycroft being around." Interjected the principal.
“So have you told your boyfriend or brother yet?” She asked as she signed the paper.
“You must be the soon to be father?” She answered
"Say sorry." Greg told Sherlock.
&&&&&&&&&&
“Will this is gonna be fun!” John said as he stretched his boyfriends entrance.
When they got back they went and gave everyone the food Mrs. Hudson gave them. Then headed back to their bedroom.
"That's just rude." John said to me with his signature smirk.
“Yeah, what instruments do you know how to play?”
Shortly after breakfast so around nine Jackson was a sleep in his fathers arms. John took him from Sherlock when Sherlock was about out and took him into their room. He came back out, sat back in his spot, put an arm around Sherlock who just laid his head on John's shoulder. They were all glad for parents week so they didn’t have class. Greg, John, Jim, Sally, Harry, and Sarah's parents came by everyday of that week all wanting to get to know each other and the kids. Sherlock caught up with Jim’s little brother, who thankfully was nothing like Jim. The parents all wanted to spend time with little Jackson, and John and Harry's parents became Jacksons Grandparents. They were all kinda sad when the end of the week came but everyone's parents promised they'd visit often.
“Yeah, I might do it.”
"Oh... She ran the Speedys' Diner and Café in London. Until I went to rehab. She talked them into sending me here." Sherlock explained.
“He's coming by to talk to you two and take you home with him during breakfast. You and Elizabeth will go to the sibling room early, so you can tell her. Okay?”
It's October fifteenth exactly one week after the party when things start going bad for Sherlock (or good depending on how you look at it).
Guys I am so sorry it's been so long. I've been working on other stories, because I kept getting stuck on the conversations in this chapter. But here it is. Hope you enjoy.
“Boys.” Coach Tvrdy said
“Alright.” Mycroft said hesitantly, but when he looked at his sixteen year old boyfriend he couldn't help but say alright.
"Hello John, Greg nice to meet you!"
“So we don't have school until Monday. And the only other scheduled thing is the party Friday.”
"What is it?"
"BLOODY HELL SHERLOCK!" John yelled. Sherlock fumbled backwards still unaware of what was happening.
"Well, only the ones I'm in with Jim…” Philip replied.
We will talk later!" Mycroft said with an evil smile.
When Sherlock and John got back Mycroft was set up, and had plates out. "We got everyone a soda, here's your card back." Sherlock told his brother. "Ok." Mycroft replied. "So have you guys been getting to know each other?" Sherlock asked the three that stayed behind. "No. We decided to wait for you two." Mycroft replied, knowing what his brother was afraid of.
“Well then we're watching it more or less.”
"Ok class. In this class you will only talk in French. If you have to use your devices to look up how to say something you may." Professor Morris
"What the HELL was that for?" Anderson said recovering from the punch to his face.
"At what?" Greg asked
I changed their ages Sherlock/Will is eleven, and Liz is seven.
“Oh, and?” He sounded so scared.
"Now Sherlock there are 2 rooms, a west room, and an East room. I would perfer that you stay in the West one." Mycroft said to Sherlock.
“Ok.” She looked at me. “Can you guys help me?”
“No, but you may want your sketch book and pen.” Leon said handing me the book and pen. I gave him a confused look. “Your not a prisoner now, you can have the pen too.”
"Uh let me see... World history, art intro, Geometry, Biology, Lunch, Culinary, English, Info tech, French, then Academic Decathlon. Yours?" Sherlock answered.
"Do you know what that's about?" Mycroft asked him.
"Yeah!" Greg said looking at Sherlock and Mycroft.
“Yeah.” Greg said
The morning after their first date Sherlock and John  woke up snuggled on the living room couch. Greg and Mycroft were snuggled up together, while Jim and Philip were snuggled up together. The night before when they came home from their date everyone was gone so they ended up watching Doctor Who. When the rest came back Sherlock and John learnt Greg and Mycroft were now dating and also that today they would be moving dorms to a three bedroom four bathroom suite like theirs except well the space. Also Mycroft and Jim were officially staying in their new dorm with them. They were moving today because school had been canceled for a week since half the staff were sick.
Sherlock and John headed out the door with John behind Sherlock so he didn't realize when John was stopped by Mycroft. "You better take care of my baby brother!" he warned. "I will, I don't know why your so dead set against me taking care of him, but I can so just leave it!" John then ran to catch up with Sherlock who was about to his car, because they both agreed to take Sherlock's car but John driving it.
"I don't care you pick." Sherlock told him
“Hey don't worry Will. It will be fine nothing will happen. Irene also said her parents are ok with Jackson spending this weekend there so you can adjust a bit.” Jeremy said them turned to Mycroft, “How did they find out?”
“Alright, John. Let’s go into town, there is someone I want you to meet.” With that the two of them got up and went out to the living room where Tony, the driver and old family friend, was waiting to take them into town.
"Well! They are in the kitchen. But John, Greg, and Philip already know them."
“Ok every one else besides my team and Mr. Holmes out.” The Doctor said.
"So Sherlock do you think this class will be boring?" John asked me
“Let's go out before Myc tries to come in.”
P.S. beginning of Johnlock
Around six they were all freshened up. They started discussing food again. There was a knock on the door shortly after they were freshened up. Sherlock opened it, and as soon as he saw the second of the two men outside the door he slammed it shut. "Who is it?" Anderson questioned. "The principal and my nut of a brother." Sherlock replied. "So you just slammed the door on our principal? Wow so smart." Anderson said with a smirk.
Not edited, so sorry for mistakes, and sorry for not updating lately that will change.
“Myc, why do you think I had disappeared?”
"What can't you do babe?" John asked as we walked in the door and took seats in the very back.
