Castiel manages to look even more tired. Possibly he’s now leaning towards exasperation. Maybe he’ll hit him again, who knows? Certainly not Dean.
Sam’s, well, the usual. Deadlike unconscious in this great, white bed, in this great, white room. His face calm, sun-lit (or rather, burning Springfield-lit, but let’s keep this romantic or at least non-threatening for a damn second, Dean tells himself). He looks like he’s at peace. He’s actually getting better, no matter how slowly. Every day, he notices the change. It always shows on his face, on his now skinny palms. He doesn’t scream in his sleep anymore, his brow doesn’t furrow in pain, his hands don’t grasp at the sheets until his knuckles match them in white. He just sleeps. Is. Something. Well. ‘S gotta be good enough for now and if even Cas the God says it can’t be done faster, then it can’t be done faster. This much at least, he believes. He sits down in his chair, cherishing the fact that Cas isn’t here to accompany him this time, and he holds Sam’s hand. Says he’s sorry. Says he never wanted for things to turn out like this. Says if he had known falling for Cas would’ve brought them here (all three of them; Cas was a good guy once), he would’ve stayed in Hell. He’d have done everything not to ever meet him, not to lay an eye on him. He apologizes for having done literally everything in the opposite direction. He apologizes for loving both of them, but this one goes mostly to himself (Sam can’t hear him anyway). Doesn’t accept his own apology, of course. What’s the point. Says “Bye, Sammy.” And if he cries, there’s luckily no one to see it.
Can’t what?
“Now he loves visual drama more,” he remarks and he’s sure he sounds like a whiny grandma right now.
But the only thing that gets Dean's attention is the observation that she's wearing pants.
He straightens himself proudly and leaves the room with the confident step of a million-making super model, shuts the door with force of a thunder, very close to Castiel’s smug dickwad face.
He wakes up and his body protests against the change. He’s half alive as if he was sleeping ages, not hours. Everything is tired and stiff. And he’s nauseous as fuck. He lies on his side and he’s still being spooned by Castiel, who now is once again fully dressed into that white suit of his which reminds Dean of Lucifer far too much.
It’s always that, isn’t it.
“Cas,” Dean tries. “Come on. Come back, we can fix this.” To no avail. Lucifer snorts.
“Please, indulge me.”
“Yeah okay, put me down.”
“Your vow,” he reminds him.
“I won’t forgive you this,” he promises, venom dripping through his gritted teeth.
The only information of actual value is that now Dean knows Lisa and Ben are a sore spot for his jealous God, so he needs to be extra careful around that. Noted.
“You’re a man, you don’t see that because it isn’t supposed to affect your life. You just take sick things as normal. All of you do,” Nadya comments in a blasě tone, in the same way you talk about a mild inconvenience you’re beyond being used to. “You specifically, take the pants off and fold everything back while I get things ready.”
“It’s what you’re telling yourself to keep going, keep fighting. And I understand that desperation. But deep inside, you know,” Castiel insists. “I have the gospel of your entire life sewn into my grace. Even before you met me, each time you got damaged by them, I knew. I knew where it hit you and I knew how bad it hurt. I knew the name of every single cog that was turning in your head.” Something in his tone shifts now. It’s not disappointment anymore. It’s not sorrow in his eyes. There’s anger. “And most of all, I knew their reasoning regarding why,” he snarls.
“Fuck you, Cas,” he grits through his teeth; deflated but not yet defeated.
“But?”
“Fucking hurts the baby,” he blurts out hopelessly since it’s the only thing his brain is willing to help him with right now.
Dean knows it’s fucked and stupid, but the millisecond of being truly empowered by putting Cas off his balance still sounds worth whatever pile of teeth he’ll have to spit out later. He turns around with over-acted lightness and eyes wide open in bombshell level candy surprise.
Past tense is almost here, it hovers above his heart and devours, a langolier.
“Yeah, no, dr. Strangelove. You really do not get to put me and the word
“No.”
Even Alastair’s power and reach had limits, despite of creativity being boundless. Even Alastair knew he’d have to let him go eventually. Even Alastair offered an out, offered growth, regardless of its direction. Castiel doesn’t. He only will grant Dean the unbecoming, hoping Dean will eventually come to him, clad in his most apologetic, sparkling and tender gaze, in the most ornate dress, his body wet and waiting, just for him, entirely for him, and he will ask for it nicely.
“Why are you telling me this now?”
“That’s their problem. I don’t need those who don’t believe in me. The world doesn’t need them either.”
“What the fuck for?! That sounds insane! Like an opposite of a plan! Sounds like fuck shit!” Dean rants.
“Dean,” Castiel snarls and readjusts his grip - the answer to Dean’s question is: neither. Castiel is trying to make mashed potatoes today.
“You don’t look okay.”
“Casss,” Dean wheezes, kind of hurt because he didn’t expect that blow and for now that troubles him more than the blood pooling around him slowly. “Come on.”
“Not this morning.”
“I can’t.”
“Shut up.”
Can he even consider himself awake, aware and conscious with a nope the size of a small underrated canyon, all filled with (rusty by now)
“Two people, usually loving each other and visual drama very much, swearing to stay together. It’s called getting married,” Dean says, not liking where this is headed. He liked the food questions better. “Hilarity ensues. Probably followed by divorce. It’s when they take that back.”
“What do you expect me to do, slit my wrists? With what? The apple peeling kni— hey, great idea, Cas.”
In confines of each other’s bodies they find something long lost: they find life. There is never enough touch, enough kisses. With every single move, dead joints come back to the world of the living, Croatoan and fear for once forgotten. With every single thrust, breathes sing new gospels, songs of half-calm seas. Words fall and sink somewhere deep, there’s not much of them but they all echo in the room that is not there anymore. There’s just them for this one goddamn time. The world is an abstract concept. Castiel watches Dean come undone in his warm, loving hands; he hears him swim to him with a rite of his name on his sacrilegiously beautiful lips.
Castiel matches him in excessive drama and rolls his eyes so hard his body follows and almost rotates.
“That depends,” he decides and elaborates not. “What the fuck?”
But he couldn’t stand the sight, so he did. He was, and is, repelled. It’s a nice thing they’re going to die, actually.
“That would be me,” Dean remarks. “I’m the pigeon.”
His hand hovers above the receiver unsurely, because this is not exactly something he's got a good feeling about. From his experience, the more inconspicuous an innocent, benevolent thing looks, the worse it turns out to be when paying time rolls around.
Where his eyes landed, pages on both sides are blank aside of
Two: either Nadya’s legs are considerably slimmer than he thought or God (this one here specifically) had blessed him with big thighs, because… Three: he can’t pull them all the way up and Four - staring at his half-clad legs in undiluted misery he notices these slightly poking out things where he expected to find pockets? Like, why even bothe--
“I will not poke or prod at your homicidal tendencies and I will do my best to keep your nasty hands where they are, slowly pulling at my meaningless flesh.”
Castiel lifts his brows in surprise as if Dean casually calling him that was an offense.
“Was worth asking, though.”
“Don’t worry, Nad. I’d get all of us the hell outta here, scissors blazin, and then we’d go to Vegas and build some tiny huts on the desert.”
He is the shield, so he shields Dean. Takes one blow after another, it fills him to the brim with understanding: he is not the hero.
“It doesn’t comfort me,” Dean snaps because this is the last fucking thing it does, actually. It just makes need and misery form one ugly bile of hopelessness. It brings his body peace, rubs his want and body in all the right places – a blink of the so wanted contact while still keeping his mind at bay because there is soft, holy and powerful flesh separating him from touching it, not letting take over him. But knowing what it will do to Cas – it almost hurts like a motherfucker.
“So that’s what the cocktails were about.”
“You just got banned on the knife, Dean.”
“I have already told you why I’m doing this. And you accepted it. You agreed. Let me remind you: I love you. I’m doing this for you. You said yes to me and to my love.”
Castiel’s unreadable expression shifts into something soft and sad, like he’s in any way capable of hurting when he sees Dean like this. He snaps his fingers again and all the nausea, stomach pain and headache disappear as if they were never there. Dean feels himself going a bit limp as the long held strain escapes his body. He breathes out and in long, hard and thirsty for it because he finally fucking can. But if Castiel expects Dean to churn his butter in gratitude, he’ll have to go without.
This one was so loud it was capable of interrupting any alien butt probing and have the large headed nerds hit floors with brooms to tone that shit down.
“I’ve hurt you,” Castiel admits. Dean shakes his head.
“Are you sure?” he asks and it’s so fucking hilarious he has the audacity to ask for his consent now. He wishes Dean gave Chitaqua the same choice. But no, after Sam, he always was some kind of twisted priority.
Dean collects himself from the floor to take the long due piss. Not feeling any better afterwards, he pulls the bathtub curtain and freezes in confusion if not anything else.
“There is no you,” he sighs.
Good to know the veiled bath-fucking threat wasn’t empty because the new tub is large enough to not turn bumping uglies into an issue of quantum physics and risk of a need for medical aid.
. “Then that’s why it’s in Sanskrit. Just orders and construction sites, Dean.”
“All the white.”
“Oh, please,” comes an irritated huff. “Everyone knew you Winchesters were knotted with the angel. Suddenly, it goes nuclear and there’s no sign of either of you? At first, there were rumors you probably got killed by it as precaution. I didn’t give the marriage news much thought until the garden happened.” He smiles bitterly, “Dean’s garden. As a gift to the bride.” Dean averts his gaze in shame. “So I had to see the said bride. And what beautiful green eyes she has, it turns out. Worth the trouble of getting here.”
Maybe he would, if it wasn’t that dadaist and scary.
“No, no, by all means, go ahead and have your little pow-wow,” Castiel assures, more amused than any human laws of common decency allow. “It makes it so much fun when you tiny ants try, whatever it is that you’re trying,” he hums in mocking appreciation. “What is it, my dear children, that you’re trying?”
“I need you to understand that I’m not the evil you paint me as. My intentions are nothing but benevolent.”
He can already tell where he is and he doesn’t like it, not one bit. They’re in the master bedroom and this means many things that more or less can be summed up by stating that the time of stalling and fucking around is over. Dean doesn’t have to be a rocket fucking scientist to know what all of this means. They’re not here to sleep, although Dean would kill for a few hours of proper shut eye. He’s worn out as if he were right after a very nasty hunt. One out of which he dragged himself back to the motel half dead. Except that after a job well done and survived, Sam would patch him up while he drank himself even closer to death, so he could seek for an excuse of a respite in his hopefully not hell themed dreams. And that would be as close to heaven as he could get. Close enough.
“Why would he do that?”
“Oh,” Dean pouts. “You made me want you and now you don’t want to kiss me? That’s rude. And here I am, wearing white for you.”
Then Dean’s lips move.
“It’s claustrophobic. It ruins the mood.”
“Are you okay?” Castiel asks with useless concern.
“Then put your head in a bucket and go away, so you won’t have to listen to it anymore.”
“Nad!” He barks from the hall. Maybe the rest of the poor losers will be too chicken-shit to check what's wailing outside in foreign tongue. “Nad! NA--!”
Crowley’s lips continue to move, but not a sound gets out of his mouth. Eventually, he frowns and gives up. He appears to be extremely offended, a look pretty hard to achieve on a trashcan, but here it is, against all odds.
“You seem oddly eager,” Castiel points out in evident suspicion.
“I love you.”
Dean does and watches all the light wilt out of the man’s eyes. He didn’t even know his name. It’s like the first day of apprenticeship in hell all over again.
“He’s ovulating,” Castiel explains plainly before Dean can say anything on the subject.
“I hope it tells me I'm going to die in seven days,” he comments with a slightly less shiteating grin than his regular ones, probably because he doesn’t feel all that cocky right now.
“What a humanitarian you are. Coupled with him and spared the truth for as long as possible. Lying is the perfect foundation to marriage,” Death tsks. “Even better one for a burial.”
That was menacing as fuck, so he sits on the bed, and stares at the door frame for a while after she disappears in the hall, leaving the door hanging open. He looks around uncomfortably, but doesn’t find many things to stick his eyes to. Maybe except of the small radio on the window pane. Actually, this is the only thing. Dean’s fairly sure the closet and a nightstand don’t count. The little table with a single chair has nothing on it. And yet, it feels invasive.
He doesn’t like that promise. He’s not sure if he could stand this.
As previously stated and later all too well confirmed by Dean, Castiel is the boa constrictor and the world is his elephant. It’s all about slow digestion and baby steps. Minor miracles, major miracles… minor deaths, major deaths: people of hate speech die, KKK is dead, poachers also die, mass murderers die in their prisons, paedophile priests die in their rich comfy chairs. Cleansing, he calls it. People, Dean reminds him and Castiel says “you aren’t born a monster, you become one” and Dean fails to find an argument other than but it’s wrong and for Castiel that’s not enough. “I want the world to be full of people like you,” he tells Dean time after time and Dean chokes down a sob or two. Full of naive idiots, of fools, cause that’s what he is for letting all of this keep on happening, not knowing how to put an end to any of this. So much for his guidance if his words don’t mean shit. Days pass and on every single passing one Dean watches the sunset, praying to shit knows who for all of this to end. He wonders if Castiel listens. If he cares.
“So you’re both mental and sentimental.” Okay, that sounded better in his head. “Oldest city, yeah? What is it?”
And these doors, they’re the only ones in this house which have a lock that is specifically for Dean to use. Another small blessing. He counts those very carefully and cradles them like they’re something to hold dear, mindful of his words and actions not to lose them even if he loses everything else. He needs to be aware at all times that if he can count them, so can Castiel.
Yes, he’s aware, he kept counting and wishing he was a freak with overabundance of fingers. Or with two heads. He’s pretty sure the other one would need makeup, too.
That’s like five moral lines crossed with three words in Dean’s book of Fuck Off, Clingy God and he’s not going to let that slide so easily even if it’s the last damn thing he does before his mouth gets matrix-like unmade or something.
Dean has to react because this can’t be good.
Dean has to admit to himself now, he’s been clearly underestimating Castiel so far.
Now that sounded desperate. Three whole syllables of “don’t.” How about Dean doesn’t do the don’t, then?
song mentioned in the car: "Over" by Pati Yang
“Did you drink the cocktail?”
Either way, because Dean still hates himself, he doesn’t call him. At this point whether the hatred comes from wanting to call or not doing it, is open for discussion. One Dean doesn’t want to have with himself. What he wants is his blade.
“Seriously?”
“Don't be silly, Deansephone,” Castiel strikes back. “You've been eating here already and I don't need a pagan loophole to have you stay. And before you ask, there is no pagan loophole to get you out, so I really think the best choice for you is to accommodate and learn to–”
“So I wouldn’t shove it back in you. There was nothing I could do about it.”
On a certain day he finds that Cas has opinions on his opinions. The fights consisting of
“He’s always been special, now hasn’t he?”
Cas’s hand makes it to Dean’s shoulder. “For what it’s worth, I promise this won’t happen again.”
“A compromise to your thirst is the only solution we have. When Sam called, I was forced to act quick. I’m the only barrier strong enough to stop you from getting your hand on the blade and this, this form of relief will let you stay sane.”
The smile widens.
“Crowley,” Castiel cuts Dean off with the exact brand of courteous sweetness that is nothing else but a harbinger of death. “I'm amazed to find you here, of all places. Fascinating how it's so evil when I collaborate with you, and yet so pure and heroic when Bobby does that. Hello, Bobby, by the way. Oh, and, do tell me the secret of your moral-shifting magic I’ll have to try it out sometime.”
“All that matters is that I am your last,” he smiles triumphantly.
“Dean, please.” The words come wrecked and begging. Another butterfly kiss follows them, perfectly restrained. “I need this.”
“You think this is some kind of math problem? Fine, have it your way. Do you need me to calculate how many died because of you just this week? How many millions?”
“I’m not forcing you.”
One day, the last day, he’ll find the courage to stand up and tell Cas: I loved you.
“Well, the damsel looks pretty distressed to me,” Crowley points out.
“Depends,” Nadya shrugs and points at the chair. “What else can you do? Don’t say fuck. Everyone can fuck and I don’t pay for sex.”
To be completely honest, right now Dean isn't exactly sure what Castiel said anymore, but the general gist he gets, so there’s that. He was too busy stowing his crap and having his heart and lungs work like evolution intended. That didn't quite work and back in his chair, solo, he's still reeling, knuckles white as he's clutching the table’s edge for purchase.
“Because you’d kill them for knowing where I live,” Dean says, disbelieving.
“Thank you,” Dean says sincerely.
“Because I love you.”
Sadly, he's perfectly aware that nobody here is gonna give him anything unless the boss clearly allows it, so it’s more efficient to just skip these steps and speak with the authority himself. Formally praying to Cas was always kinda awkward. But formally praying to Castiel? To get his benevolent attention? How does that even work? Dean’s got no clue how’s that supposed to look. So he wings it.
“You must understand,” Castiel continues after a while, undeterred by Dean’s explicitly hateful silence, “you were never supposed to be Michael’s. You were always meant to be mine. It took me a while, but I see that now.”
Dean’s unconscious body lies in front of him stark and mysterious; the desk, this time, is more akin to a make do catafalque than a make do bed. There is something dark and accusatory in Dean’s silent, helpless slumber.
“How unfortunate for him,” comes a mocking pout. “He’s in a lot of misery with how he is right now. I can only imagine how much pain it is to have a shattered and dislocated soul.”
“He’s right, you know,” Castiel offers matter-of-factly.
“I have nowhere to keep my things, man! I wanna make a satchel. I wouldn’t dare ask you for something as dangerous as a needle and a thread. I mean, what if I garrote you or garrote me, right? What if I stuff my fun time holes with needles? That would suck, no?”
“Please.”
He nods. He understands more than perfectly. Survival lies in invisibility. He can’t tell that for sure, but there’s a strong possibility that once Cas realizes they’re in any way important to him, he’ll gladly use that against him if he ever needs yet another extra incentive regarding pretty much anything.
and the meaning behind it terrifies Dean shitless.
Dean laughs in small, desperate half hiccups and wants to die in a way he hoped he would never have to crave death again ever since Sam learned the truth.
“Talk to me,” he hears himself beg, his stare clutching at this dim-light whiskey of his eyes, something that’s also rarer than it should be.
His voice, all on the wrong side of calm and soft, matches the gut-twisting unearthly danger of his eyes down to the tiniest stitch.
“No, I’m gonna build a helicopter and fly away forever. You got no idea what motel cable TV MacGyver could teach a kid like me,” Dean ultra deadpans. “Come on, man. Both of us know whatever the fuck I need micro scissors and a stapler for isn’t going to be a threat to your eternal kingdom. I’ll put it away nicely when I’m done, I promise. Scissors too.”
“So, was it lighter than a feather? Can I enter the underworld now, Barky? Can I get a driving license? Some ice cream?”
“...and you have no way of understanding a process you have no idea is happening, so yes, you might feel more broken than you were before. But it’s not the truth. You will heal.”
Nadya, as always, is amazing at not giving a single visible shit.
“I reestablished it, strengthened it.”
Dean’s not sure how to put this in a way that does not piss Castiel off again. He doesn’t exactly feel like pussyfooting around this, though. He needs to be clear.
He hasn't been here in what feels like a lifetime. This is where he watched the sun die alongside him every evening, this is where he prayed, where he planned, where he was stupid enough to still hope. This rounded, flower-crowned, sofa carried his weight for hours where he sat alone and small, but at least he still owned the skin that held every single bone, also formerly his. Here, he was the bird perched at the top of its cage, yearning for the sky, just windows away, almost within reach.
“They will hear you.”
“We’re home, Dean. You can open your eyes now. Are you alright?”
He asked Lisa about those in a store, once. For some reason it was the funniest thing he’d seen that day (but maybe he still was just yesterday’s drunk, hard to tell). And Lis being Lis, after explaining these aren’t baby scissors or even gnome scissors, very quickly passed the mental journey from staring at him like he’s an idiot with six eyes to just kind of accepting and embracing it.
“Baby daddy, who art in not here, halloween be thy name?” Is this attention getting enough? No? Okay. “Thy cockdom come. Thy will be d--” umb “--one?” Yeah, okay, he isn’t even sure what’s supposed to come next. “Forgive me my trespass, but give me a thing…? Hello…? Hel--”
First floor it is, then.
“Don’t listen to him,” the waitress chips in. “All he’s gonna do is lie to you,” she warns. “He hides a shitton of skeletons in his closet and they’re all white.”
“Okay,” he looks up at her tiredly. “No newborns. Forget them,” he groans. “I don’t want anything. Whatever hole you crawled out of, you can go back. I see your point perhaps too bright and too clear, Dean,” he says.
He catches a glimpse of Cas banging Dean’s head over a shelf and shouting at him shit he doesn’t catch out, all of this happening while they're fucking against a wall, Dean clinging to Cas with his legs for dear life.
“You already have, Kore,” Castiel laughs. “Enjoy your new kingdom.”
They’re still in his car, somewhere. In Bobby’s scrap yard maybe. God, he loves her so much. He hates God’s scissors just as much right now, but he hides them in his sleeve. He’s Rambo gnome, and he’s armed in hurting.
“No,” Castiel cuts and thank God. “You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to, A handshake would suffice,” he says, extending a hand. Warily, Dean grabs it. Castiel holds it warm and firm. He squeezes lightly. “I’m so glad you made the right choice.”
She ran in his veins, she boiled in his heart, they were locked with one key, they were one.
But he knows both, all too well, and a different shape or size of things isn’t going to stop him. One more nightmare, but he still wields the same answer.
“Screw you.”
And in Hell, it doesn’t matter how is he. He’s good. That aside, he’s the best. Beneath his fingers blood runs smoothly like sand. Those who whine, who scream, who die – they don’t ask stupid things like his well being. They’re just scared and scared is how they die.
“I don’t. Everything is up to you now. It’s your choice.”
. It’s a reflection he can keep taking to the grave – this will never change. But now he’s more hungry than proud and he hates this. Closes his eyes, takes a breath (sees the blade calling beneath his eyelids). Tries to roll back into the present but the need is heavy. He has to resurface, he has to. He’s not alone in here (sadly or hopefully or both: in this). Focus.
Castiel smiles and places a kiss on Dean’s lips.
“Recalibrating, then.”
to drink.
Dean’s too tired to offer any sort of a comeback, witty or not.
Cas’s expression doesn’t change a bit.
Dean sighs wearily and descends into the tub using the stupid railing but hating it every second as he goes.
Of course he’s in a good mood. Teaching his bitch a lesson does give that kind of an endorphin high.
“Well, watch me,” Dean cackles, something dreadful coming out of his throat instead of laughter. He kisses Castiel once more, pulls away, humming.
Castiel presses once more, both for dominance and for good measure. Seeing how it gets completely ignored and deciding that the human body gets close to giving in, he lets go. His hand feels too empty and too idle in an annoying way. Itches for punching things until they listen. These things don’t.
“What do you want,” he growls.
Dean simply shakes his head. There is no point in arguing about it, is there? That would be a waste of words. You can’t talk a wolf into being a sheep so you most likely can’t talk an amalgamation of an angel and millions upon millions of various monsters into being, well, human, either. If Cas knows better, then Cas knows better. Does that mean Dean’s got no autonomy over his own feelings anymore? Probably. But that was to be expected, since he basically yielded, right?
“I get you,” Dean offers. There’s a dark hum crawling beneath his voice. “Believe me, I get you.” Now it’s an acidic laughter.
His face is getting ripped into pieces, were there a tomorrow, he would be painted with colors just like spring is radiant with flowers.
“Fuck you,” Dean spits, mainly out of habit cause he’s already searching for the yellow brick road to plan B-land.
“Dean, what things?” Castiel butts in the first available moment, presumably to stop the scenarios from flowing.
„You can put the orange down,” Dean tells him, shaken. Like it’s very important that Sam does this. “Don’t stare at me like this,” he says and it is necessary to make note that it is Dean who stares or at least stares more, Sam hopes. “I can still handle a sandwich for you. Come on,” he nudges. Sound some kind of stepford-perfect too much verve in this. Somehow sounds like he’s empty inside, a thin crackable shell. It’s terrifying and he wants to run. He looks down for a second and Dean’s red mark taunts him. Dean’s eyes follow the movement and he frowns, disappointed. For a moment Sam expects him to lash out at him with a hammer again and sing-song
Cas slaps him across the face. Probably not hard enough to leave a bruise in the future, but hard enough to let Dean know he’s done fucking around. Dean won’t give him the joy of having him feel humiliated. He can’t let that happen. He straightens himself, radiating obscene amounts of disgust in Castiel’s general direction.
“I have told you to stay put. Was I not clear?” Cas asks, everything about his body and tone worryingly cold.
Great, now he not only has to make a goddamn bag, he also needs it to be the size of a bed sheet. Dumb, dumb, ugly, horny son of a bitch.
The guy doesn’t hear that, though. Probably because he flies across the church and lands heavily on the far wall, next to Castiel, where he gets stuck, unable to make a move. Or a noise, if his silence is meant to be any clue.
. Everything should. “This is as far as I’ll let you”, Cas warns.
Dean laughs humorlessly. Nothing else he can do.
This hurts more than expected. The only thing he won is a new ticket to hell. Figures.
“If I yield, he will leave you all alone. He just wants me.”
Cas’s expression shifts nearly one hundred eighty degrees. He gives Dean The Look. The last time Dean was given it, he said the last time he was given it, he got laid. He said that to Cas, joking. Now Cas is giving it to him for real.
“Was I gone long, Dean?” Cas goes on, ignoring the apology.
Nadya huffs.
That’s why he has it. That’s why he isn’t here. Or maybe it isn’t.
wasn’t enough for you.” Dean needs a moment now, to get his breathing in line. He doesn’t have that kind of time, judging from Castiel’s face. “Why did you do that, Cas?” he whispers broken and small because he just doesn’t even have it in him to care. He takes Castiel’s hand into his own. Shocked, Castiel lets him. He places that hand on his thigh, drags it around the skin to make him get it, make him feel what he’s done. “Why?”
fuck you, Cas.
The moment he starts to think he can never win this, not even in fifty years from now, is the moment he consigns this planet into death.
Frowning, he catches himself wanting to soothe the thing as his first instinct. It’s not true. It’s not real. This sort of suffering isn’t even possible for a human being to endure. It’s nothing but a paper-cut oversaturated to the point of surrealism, he tells himself. Poetry of pure turpism about spoiled milk. The always well-known to him truth of “people lie, souls can’t,” he stores far, far away, where even his all-eyes don’t see it. Because if this is true, it means that he butchered and broke Dean beyond recognition, in a way even Hell didn’t have enough time or power to do. So it’s a lie, the ugliest one Dean’s ever spat at him. Has to be.
Beneath his gaze, there is something Dean can’t name, but it reminds him of Alastair and the first time he offered him the blade.
“And?”
“I dunno. Maybe because I’ve swallowed and it tasted like shit,” he comments and shrugs once more. One time too many.
“What the fuck is the point of that if you can make sure I peel the goddamn fucking apples and not my hands?”
“I made my choice in that bathtub, Cas.”
Doesn’t seem like a lot. There has to be some crap woven into this, he’s certain. “So what’s the small font here.”
“I can fix Sam. No wall, no nothing. He will be good as new, no memories of the cage to eat at him.”
Yeah, he regrets this. Dean opens his mouth to offer a shitty comment richly wrapped in invectives, but before he manages to get his tongue into proper position, the church bells announce that his time is up. He waits for the inevitable ‘dearly beloved, we gathered here today’ to crawl out of Castiel’s mouth.
More Jesus than the world can handle. Speaking of whom, where the fuck is he?
“Can’t exactly blame me for failing to conceptualize time,” Dean groans, defeated. “I mean, look at me. You’ve got your answer.”
Dean stares at him, incredulous and speechless. Blinks slowly.
His words have no effect on horny baobab Yahweh, of course. And yeah, he should have seen that coming.
“Don’t be. You’re going to be a wonderful father.”
“Why?”
“You can’t possibly know that, while I, on the other hand, actually fucking can,” Dean says.
Since Dean doesn’t know how to explain it, he deflects.
“The coffee, it’s… you shouldn’t drink it,” he manages to mention in concern.
“The only thing you are is going back,” Dean snarls and takes a step forward. “You’re going to return and fix your fucking mess, you hear me?”
“We’re almost at the carnalval,” Dean announces upon driving them into a tree. The last thing Castiel notices before the impact is that the cut wounds reappeared and that’s when bleeding all over the place, Dean lost control over the prius. “Sorry,” he hears a muffled chuckle. “S’ my hands again,” comes an apology.
“Something stronger and better, although probably less holy. And it’s ours.”
Cas leans in and plants a small kiss on his lips, effectively killing any words Dean planned to say next. Not much of a loss, considering he was about to go with more farting noises.
Castiel grimaces for a really small moment, a glimpse behind the curtain of anger, before he tames his face back into that “ oh, I’m here to help you, I’m your family, sweetie” warmth of goddamn Hestia and all the hearths ever put into flame to worship her name. Dean wonders if Cas ate her, too.
“People in Syria are trying to live normally again after the war. I didn’t want to cause them any more additional turmoil,” Cas says.
No. He’s still naked, he’s still meant for breeding, he still has been stabbed, he still had to kill a dude, a fellow fucking hunter at that, Sam is still dying three rooms away and the evening still is nowhere near over yet. Having the blood go away makes literally no difference. The answer is no.
“Yeah,” Dean huffs. “They all say that, you know. When that no longer applies, come the excuses. I wonder what yours are gonna be. Can’t wait to hear them, too.”
How… how is Dean supposed to say NO without pissing him off? Huh.
“Did you just mention my ass in the context of it being your belonging?”
The dust falls back into its old places, maybe finds some new ones, the scorching desire abandons all air, all joints. And everything goes awkward. There aren’t many things to say post factum, not about the most immediate past. Dean doesn’t tell Cas he’s so relieved he’s almost alive. Doesn’t inform that an angry spirit is for now banished out of him, doesn’t say fucking (two entities, to be honest) felt like his bones were being scrubbed dry then draped over with flesh, blood and skin once again in some kind of phoenix-cliché act of burn and rebirth. Judging from the noises he was making, from his heavy, labored breathes, from the calm on his flushed face – Cas can probably tell with no words.
“No, I'm not, you gaslighting asshole? You are! Literally you are the one bamboozling away from the original topic.” Dean sighs, soul heavy and worn and just tired. “What's behind the door, Castiel.”
“Yeah.” Because what else can he say, honestly. Cas’s smile gets wider and suddenly there’s nothing even slightly warm about it. The warmth is replaced with something mad and ugly. “Uh-oh.”
Castiel kisses him chastely once more and, thank fuck, lets him fall asleep, no extra rounds this time.
“You’re not responsible for what I’ve done.”
“So when I think I saw you just a couple hours back, my timing is off how much?”
“I’m his favorite chew toy. You take it away, he’s gonna take it out on everybody. You just wanna make him angry for the sake of making him angry? Don’t bother. I do that all the time. Does it look like it has any fucking benefits?”
“I was one. But you fixed me,” his tone a solid promise; his palm a needed weight and warmth on his cheek. “Caught me before I fell all the way, didn’t you, Cas. Like you always do.”
“Yes, my lawfully wed kaiju?”
“Good luck with that.” Crowley shrugs. “I have a wedding gift for you that might help,” he adds and throws a small object into Cas’s hand. Dean doesn’t quite make out what Castiel caught. “Although technically that’s for you, doll.”
“Justice is a hammer, Dean,” he says and heals Dean’s hand. “Remember that. Please, rethink this,” he says, kissing the upper side of his palm lightly.
“The position you’re about to take is pretty permanent.”
“It didn’t when you fucked me,” Dean mutters.
Castiel wants to punch something. Himself, mostly.
“Don’t,” she cuts urgently. “Don’t bring his attention to us.” She shakes her head.
“We’re not in Hell, Dean.”
“You look very dissuading right now, good job. But if I let you walk like that, he will hang half the house.”
is his least favorite word ever since it’s literally punctuation for a problem, no exceptions noted, “next time I find you here without my approval, I won’t be interrupting my work to babysit you and personally walk you out. The poor, innocent people you’re constantly so sorry for will come to get you. And they won’t leave you be with your scavenger hunt until you either mutilate them enough that they physically can’t or just leave. Of course I won’t later heal them on your behalf since that turned out to be such a problem to you,” he tells Dean, needles and venom in his last words.
“Try my patience again and I will show you the true meaning of regret.”
It's unfair because it reminds Dean of the good times, of the past times, and, on autopilot, his body aches to reach out to him, to the well known friend, tries to, craving for those kind sunlights as it used to do for so, so long.
Standing up straight, he opens his eyes, assuming he is going to be met with some kind of surroundings, which is what the distinct feel of dirt from under his knees and hands strongly suggest to be true. Same for his lungs, as he wills his respiratory system to kick in for a fuller and better experience. After all, this is Dean. Everything in here can be a useful clue. And this? This isn’t Dean’s mouth. These aren’t his thighs. He doesn’t know how to navigate these lands. Holding a soul or even laying a claim on it is much more different from finding oneself in a position where it makes all the rules and that’s just talking about a healthy soul. But one that’s shattered into pieces and holding itself relatively together in a piece of art made of morbid stained glass full of malfunctions and glitches as signs for its progressing decomposition? One that’s Dean’s? What’s there? What’s left?
“You didn’t ask me, you just took it. Even though I kept giving. Even though you knew I couldn’t say no to you. I have you, you got that right. I have you fucking and burning me in my sleep because you don’t think I deserve to be waken up to sire you. I gave you everything. My yes, my bones, my brother, my life with Lisa, every single pound of my flesh. But I’m ungrateful? You created a scenario for raping me because my
“Death is lazy and unskilled. He just put on a useless, temporary wall. What I’m doing goes beyond that. Tell me, Dean. Do you want me to fix him or do you want me to just paint a red fence yellow so it could be done faster? I could wake him up right now. Do you want me to do that just to watch him suffer? Will that satisfy you? Is that what you want?”
Definitely not the purely theoretical reason why he’s still breathing, putting up with this shit. Right now he doesn’t remember that one and contemplates performing repeated defenestration until death sticks.
It’s getting into t-shirt making too, huh? Family picture: Mother-slash-Father in a “Why” shirt, holding a rugrat wearing “Oh” rompers. Father Two-Slash-Thing just Being A Bitch And Ruining Everything This Time With That Fucking Face Suggesting He Understands And Knows and Owns Everything (also too long; this one Dean code-names Fucklahoma).
He’s never that lucky.
The figure of Jesus put dead in the center of the church catches his eye. Dean can’t decide whether he should take his anger out on it and punch it until his knuckles go swollen and raw or if he should simply take a seat in one of the pews and await his darling’s return. He walks towards the statue in the end. Or rather, he tries to do that.
“Sounds evasive, Nad. What car were you driving?”
And then it’s gone and Dean’s pretty sure he has been at least partially turned inside out, left to dry out like laundry. Same hand - now not just bloodied but bleeding - goes to Dean’s forehead, makes the dull throbbing ebb away into static, into nothing. Fingers rub his temple, the palm that was just melting his brain switch to petting his head. Blue, ireless eyes dig into his face like into a grave; all soft, all sad.
Castiel frowns, far from intimidated or even vaguely impressed. He extends his arm towards whatever this is and sends a small, measured surge of power its way, forcing the thing back down on the desk with a thud.
Did Castiel roughly fist fuck someone else in here when Dean was on a trip in the great plains of nowhere? It doesn’t look like some sorta punishment - those come with the nauseating sense of grandeur and the whole point would be for Dean to se—
“I don’t fucking want to be pregnant, Cas. I don’t wanna be a chick, end of goddamn story, you hear me?”
“I am,” Castiel says sternly. “I’m doing all I can. I promise. Would I lie to you about this?”
“Would it change anything?”
“Fine, Dean. The stapler will be waiting for you in the kitchen,” Castiel agrees because baby daddies are dumb, dumb sonsovbitches. “When you’re finished, put it back and wear the satchel for me.”
“What was I supposed to do, then?” Cas thunders, incensed. “Let you slowly descend into madness?”
There's very important context Castiel is either missing or just omitting, which is why no matter how many battles he's about to win, he’s still going to lose the war. But Dean is not going to fill him in on this. First rule of Married To Monster Club is not giving it ammo.
“Don't worry, baby. Whatever this big bad thing on the other end is, I will protect you,” Castiel deadpans, smiling in a really insulting way.
“I dreamed of you, you know,” he suddenly decides to tell him.
He’s pretty sure this one structurally requires elaborating.
Dean doesn’t know where this is going, but he sure as fuck doesn’t want to get there.
Death only shakes his head. So he doesn’t understand. “Before he hurts himself?” he echoes in disbelief. “You lead the horse to water and it drowned instead of drinking,” Death huffs.
He can’t judge her, he shares her fears for they aren’t unfounded at all. To have her calm down anyway and try to make her forget about the probability of impending doom, he desperately wants to tell her that it’s alright, that nothing happened just now and that she’s doing a great job, but he remains silent. He figures an attempt to talk to her will definitely scare her even more. Also, he’s not exactly thrilled to listen to the sound of his own voice which, since this very morning, isn’t his.
“Then calm down.”
She gets up, ready to leave the room. So does he and he stands there idiotically and uselessly. And waits. Oksana puts the nail file down with a click that he will probably keep hearing in his nightmares. This is the sound of finality.
If he still has some kind of butchered sentiment, some kind of mutated desperation and rotting but still breathing love that just won't fucking die no matter how many stones he casts at it — even no matter how many stones Castiel stupidly casts at it claiming he wants to accomplish the opposite — is he? Sounds like yes?
“You don't have to be on the phone, Dean,” Castiel bites back mildly. “And yet you are,” he reminds him. “Unless you wish to hang up?”
“Do you want me to teach you a lesson that bad, Dean? Tell me. Do you want me to, really? Is this how you want me to excite you? I can do that just for you. In many ways. So do reconsider.”
“Jesus, tell him I asked for a baby boost herbal cocktail or whatever. Go get those herbs. And a chicken. Scratch that, chickens.” Dean can see he’s almost there, so he throws in an extra to convince Nadya she really should be as far away as it gets. “By the way, you think there’s any option to dance the fuck tango with getting him to repeatedly bang his stupid head against a cupboard or something?”
“What pie?”
“You should be more grateful,” Castiel says, only a tiny bit bitchily, in a very
“Well, what the fuck do you think it could be for, bitch? Must I draw you a diagram?”
“I've prepared a surprise for you, for later. I really think that you will like this one,” he changes tactic, sadly in reality cutting none of the bullshit.
“Hey, stop complaining if you can’t fix it,” he whines.
“I'd rather the fuck not,” he states. “Can we change the subject? Like, ideally to the reason why you're having a congregation with Crowley? I mean, what the hell, Bobby?”
his heart cries, the leftover good part of it at least)” he whines and scratches Cas like a small, but very determined animal.
Dean comes, against his plans and intentions, shuddering and loud, Cas’s name ripping itself out of his throat in a pained and pathetic whimper. And if there’s something that takes Castiel over the edge, that’s that. His release is warm in Dean’s insides, a feeling odd beyond comprehension. When he finally pulls out, hopefully sated, Dean’s thighs still shiver and ache.
“This is you ignoring the whole picture again. You’re not a chew toy, you’re a fuck toy meant for breeding. We can’t let more abominations walk the world. He alone is enough. And don’t fool yourself, he’s going to keep killing people one way or another. He’ll keep finding excuses. And all of them will be related to you. You’re a bigger threat alive, Dean.”
“Why don't you find out yourself, creep? Because I still remember you do creep, you creep, so just–”
“Think about it, Dean. Wouldn’t Sam dying be a good option to have you out of my way? Wouldn’t it let you have other things to focus on rather than stopping me? And before you say anything, I know you’re inclined to.” Of course. “And yet, here I am, willing to help you. To help your brother.”
Thinking about how it does actually work - as close as he got to how it should, anyway - Lisa steps into his mind again with her always dirty sneakers, secret passion for crappy takeout, a witty smile and sweetly scented hands he grew so fond of even though the flower-candy combo ate like fire at his nostrils at first; and how its tail lingered in a room after she left. He learned every single note of it, down to the last hour. The memory of her takes a seat on his chest, legs crossed and shoes all in mud, and hurts.
Or that.
“I don’t feel entitled,” he snaps. “I’m God. And he’s mine. His heart’s already been in a while,” he reassures himself. “He belongs with me.”
“You’re leaving an important detail out of the equation,” Castiel says, eerily calm.
Immediately, she contains both with flawless artistry and disappears behind the tall fridge.
“You always make a bigger mess than you can clean,” Death warns.
“You’re gonna die,” he croaks. “Because of me. I’m sorry.”
“No, Dean,” Castiel says and he gets up, eyeing him curiously. “Quite the opposite.”
Her lean, professional hands shake as she’s filing his now flawlessly oval-shaped nails. Each time she accidentally scratches his skin with the file, her breath hitches audibly and she stares at him with wide eyes, most likely expecting condemnation and demise coming in random order.
“We have a deal, then.”
“That’s not survivable,” she points out matter-of-factly.
The core of the soul, Castiel figures, is the most marred by Hell. That has to be it. But the assault on the horse, he doesn’t quite understand. Dean hums to the tune, doesn’t notice him yet.
“Don’t change the subject,” Dean warns. “You’re not spreading my legs with your own hands, but you make sure I know what happens if I don’t do that myself. I keep them shut and say no and the world is coincidentally suddenly on fire. Ain’t that how you roll?”
It’s morning. Which is exactly what he tells Dean.
“Don’t confuse eagerness with me wanting to get this over with and go to sleep.”
“I want you to participate. I want you to feel the responsibility of creating a new life. I want you to know that it’s not only mine, but also yours. I want you to feel and embrace our new union.”
“Ask your garden, Dean,” she answers, aiming for not cold and failing.
“He’s not dead.”
“Well, have you ever learned Sanskrit?” Castiel asks to which Dean approaches with the universal frown for
“So,” here comes a valiant attempt to change the subject into something less revolving about maniacal and possessive manslaughter, “we’re abroad, huh?”
Dean frowns like he’s being force-fed with lemons. But that scares neither away.
“You haven’t answered my texts,” Cas says calmly.
Pomegranate filling. Of all things.
“You can take this, Dean. You will.” Castiel’s voice, firm but compassionate, comes to him as if from a different world. He’s that far away. He hardly makes out what the words mean. “It’s alright, you’re okay. You’re strong. You will heal. I know you.” Today, now, the voice is the ugliest thing he’s ever heard. Alastair’s repulsed him less.
“A part of him prayed to me instead, you know,” Death muses. “Funny how calling yourself God doesn’t exactly have to take you to a pedestal,” he laughs. “He asked me to end this, to take him, even back to Hell, if it means being far away from you. That was a the first day. Now it’s quiet. My guess is he’s deteriorating, a broken soul can only exist for so long.”
“You’re gonna brand me? Another handprint? Where?”
“Go to hell.”
And that was kinda important for Dean.
“What do you want to do with it?”
“Well, look at me. I feel pretty fucked up,” Dean points out.
“Whatever you are, you’re trying my patience. Answer my questions and I’ll make it quick,” he promises, even meaning it, but only because he doesn’t have time.
“Yes.”
He can feel something on his skin, so he breaks the kiss and opens his eyes. Here it is, a rain of flowers he can’t name, engulfing them. He lets out a small, weary sigh but says nothing. Soon it’s probably gonna start raining monkeys.
“He likes your freckles.”
Somehow Dean staring at him is the most wrong of it all. His face looks feral.
“Dean, put your bitching on hold, pick up the other phone and just find out already,” Castiel says, trying to hide the near nervous breakdown experience in his voice.
“Cas,” Dean whines brokenly.
1.  Since my health is really going crap, instead of writing one gigantor part for the next 6 years, I put it into parts, hence the change in number of chapters. Now that I think about it, everybody wins because it improves coherence of this installment and hey! I get to finally update, too!
Dean calls bull with a lovely side of shit regarding this sudden caution. Cas looms over him from behind and places both hands on his shoulders. The gesture infuriates him to no end. He hates those hands and what they did to Sam, to the world, and surprisingly, even to him.
“Do I really sound like someone confusable with Christine Chenoweth all that bad?” Dean whines in true offense and he starts glaring at Castiel, who has not moved from his spot and has also not stopped observing him with subtle but also wiseguy-ish smile of his own making. ”It's complicated,” Dean doesn’t even bother to try to explain. “I'm on like five minute parole or something. I'm just as dumb as you are now, Bobby.”
Fueled solely by the holy trinity of that, Dean conquers his idiotic, crippling complacency which kept his tired ass glued to the mattress so far and he abruptly sits up on the bed just to grab the nearest thing which unfortunately happens to be nothing more than an empty glass haunting the bedside table. He throws it at the most distant wall, watches it fall to pieces and sink somewhere into the white, dumbass carpet.
~~~~*~~~~
Seems like it’s time to visit Castiel’s office. He’s been purposely avoiding it as it makes his bones screech and his brain churn because it’s his personal ground zero of all horrors in terms of this particular prison. But he shouldn’t be babying himself either. If anything flashes at him, he’ll swallow it again. He’s swallowed forty years of hell. He’ll swallow day forty one as well.
“Not exactly sandwich hungry,” Dean replies without missing a beat but the tremor in the corner of his lips tell Sam that Dean knows just as well that he messed up the entire song, every single note, with plain butter, he just screwed it. “So this will have to do.”
Sam takes his orange.
Dean already bites at: 1) germs, 2) “baby” and 3) the hand from his neck going flat on his head, raw light slowly beginning to flow out of it--
“Mostly.”
“You son of a bitch,” Dean spits, self-amazed he still managed to dig out real, living disbelief outta his tired bones. He really thought that well is much past dry at this point.
“You really don't have to sit here and eavesdrop, asshole. You don't even drink coffee,” he accuses instead.
“Why?” he asks.
“But I still need you to stay in line and do what has to be done, capiche?” he asks, voice urgent for the first time since fuck knows when. He pulls him in by his shirt and Castiel lets himself easily fall into his orbit. Dean kisses him, all fear and desperation. Castiel lets him have it.
“Try not to make that mistake anymore in the future, Dean.”
“Fuck,” Cas groans, truly exasperated. Apparently he found them. Wonderful. “Stay right here,” he orders.
Castiel’s smile widens a bit. If he has any insight on being a joke or devouring leftover ancient deities recently, he keeps it to himself.
Dean already wants that. He doesn’t want to feel a thing. He feels everything now and it hurts. Every small thing he never said to Cas and all the vile things that he did find the time to say. All the silences that stretched out for miles between them and he breathed through them like a coward. He hoped that it would go away on both sides eventually, but how stupid he was to hope? He was aware of the magnitude of Cas’s love and yet he’s done nothing with it, nothing to even acknowledge it. He deserves for Amara to devour him. He hopes she will before Lucifer does. He does hope she'll take him into her filthy oblivion soon. They're both dirt, after all.
Double Jesus on a purple plate.
“Before you skin me or after?” Castiel asks pleasantly. “Where do we squeeze in shooting my face? Indulge me and sit on it first, I’d like to have my last meal.”
“Gucci things.”
“Who the fuck is Jeremy?” And another question, unasked, but present in his head nonetheless:
“Did it work?”
And that is for his almost lover (such a shame he doesn’t have wings to rip away anymore, what a loss to a loving and capable hand). The conjugal rack where his bride will roar in jealousy – he almost chose him instead of her; he almost put her away, the love of his life, his blade. The ageless jaw is furious, she will make the bird pay for the insult. Dean stares at the rack and he knows he and Cas will mold into one in many, many ways. Dean will touch and have his everything. Every last drop of blood. He doesn’t tell the blade, but he thinks that’s how he’s gonna make Cas never leave him anymore. He thinks he’s gonna rest like that: only hidden in Cas’s meaty, honey-skinned thighs it is possible to sleep in Hell. On his rosy lips. In his lifeless eyes. Inside. With the blade tying them like a vow, binding them. To the hilt, everything buried to the hilt. No words. They never had many. Never had enough. Perhaps it’s just better that way. Dean just doesn’t know how to apologize. He feels like he should. He’ll sew his own mouth closed just in case. He’ll sew Cas’s, stitch by stitch. So maybe Cas won’t whine, won’t scream, won’t really die (and leave).
“What for? Do your scissors need a friend?”
And by that Dean means Castiel. And by Castiel Dean also means Castiel’s face which, aside of being home to more caked blood than the last time Dean saw him, seems to be going through a journey similar to Lisa’s, but slower, still hesitating about the embracing part.
in one sentence. I would greatly appreciate it if you fucking stopped. Can you fucking stop?”
It makes him think about Lisa, how her hair was always soft to the touch, otherworldly delicate beneath his fingers, scented like something heaven should be but isn't, all cascades of something precious and dearly missed. So impossibly different from the strands he's touching right now, clearly combed while he wasn't awake, but not as pampered and nice as hers always was. Simply clean: the coarse bare minimum making home for plenty of silver under the myth of still being young and beautiful, if, when not really his heart, at least the feeling of his fingers is to be trusted.
He can feel the trained careful disinterest wither away from his face like dead falling leaves, on the ground, into ashes, to make place for the hopeless anger in which his jaw twitches, fails to hold. Inside his mouth there are lions. Livid and hungry for blood and revenge, but he keeps them locked up and starving because he knows even too well that they would lose against Castiel's lions - larger, scarier and hungry for him and him only. He knows also they would slaughter and devour everything in their way just so they could eat him, pick his bones clean, and crush them, then start over again.
At dawn, he whispers to himself mournfully, Dean still unresponsive in his arms:
with the face his heart memorized as the safehouse for his trust, a source of warmth, contorted and poisoned almost unrecognizably, but present, like a terribly, terribly bad leftover option at seeing the silver lining. Until now.
“I am his.”
“Can you?” Castiel repeats, this time less politely.
“Hey, piss off, Voldemort,” Dean growls and randomly checks other pages only to find them all unprinted. Figures. “I’m not going.”
“I’ve been too merciful,” Castiel comments dryly.
Dean has mixed feelings. He has watched enough of sunsets through the window, praying and hoping someone would listen, but no sentient being gave a rat’s ass in the end, assuming there are any entities left. His fate is already sealed and there is nothing that can change it. A few days ago, he still had hope. Now all he has is this lousy ring, a vague idea for a “why” t-shirt, a violated face, and a crazy rampant God who he doesn’t even fucking recognize as his former friend anymore. So, rather than watching the sunset (especially with Cas), he prefers dying and being dead.
ad nauseam. He offers:
“You don’t want to fuck me here, do you?” he asks, cautious. That would suck.
Dean shrugs again. Castiel’s starting to worry it might become a habit even for this Dean, even here. As if one cold, constantly shrugging Winchester in his life wasn’t enough. “Like you were told,” Dean clarifies and starts the engine. “Drink or we’re not going anywhere.”
“I forgive you,” he croaks, barely holding his shit together, whatever the fuck it is that he’s close to exploding with. “Were you... led into a stroke, Dean?” Stupid asshole is trying not to laugh. Asshole.
“Where did you think the wedding would be?”
“I will skin you,” Dean whispers in honest promise.
“Whatever.”
“Of course,” he assures. Equally twisted, Dean is still his. “That’s still better than watching you destroy what’s left of our world.”
Cas sighs.
Like an unexpected impact, the world crashes into him ruthlessly as he jolts awake right into what he can only try to describe as unfiltered panic of the
He counts the futile shakes of his hand and all the things it misses.
Dean’s not sure if he wants to find out how he managed to do that.
“We’re gonna do it,” he states matter of-factly in lieu of greeting. Or a goodbye, whatever this is. They’re leaving soon and they’re not even taking the same jeep. He’s riding with the Ghost of Past fucking Christmas, which only adds to his dull, but never receding weltschmertz. Dean goes with fuck knows who. “We’re gonna lead the camp to death,” he adds, voice devoid of emotion. It’s already done: you can’t change a dead man’s mind. Still, he fruitlessly tries to make Dean understand that this isn’t just a mission to kill the Devil. In how Dean wants to play this out, this is a spectacular and petty, selfish suicide – because this isn’t Lucifer Dean is going to kill, no. It’s his brother. Why does Chitaqua have to repent for that, Castiel just doesn’t get. This is a cult-ish mass suicide. He didn’t flip the finger to Heaven for this. He valued humanity for its ability and will to fight back, and yet he’s left with a flock of dodo birds that jump into extinction just because bird alpha does (he, bird beta, does too).
He stares at the table, at the precious porcelain everything and he decides that if Castiel thinks this is a fucking game, a fucking game he will get. Dean puts the plates on a heap close to the center of the table, but closer still to his chair, minimally out of Castiel’s reach, if it’s his hands and not psychic powers or some fucking tentacles he wants to use to grab them. Same with the labeled lidded trays and the silvers he just throws on a haphazard pile. And the stupid juice jug with both glasses, yeah that goes on his half too.
“Whatever you like. Just tell me and I’ll get it for you.” There comes a soft peck to his neck. “Any kind.”
Livid and devastated, Castiel places his hand on Dean’s abdomen, then lower; on the hidden place of his body that is only Castiel’s to seek relief in, and he finds that everything he was told is true. He withdraws, carefully puts the dress back in its place and fixes the bow. Lets his hand linger on Dean’s knee and just stares in hopeless anger. Tries to find an explanation, a step where he went wrong, a vital detail that he must have missed, but he sees none. Beneath his touch that turned into a possessive grip, Dean’s skin discolors but Castiel doesn’t notice, can’t notice, because his heads are in too many points in the past, too many places away, ahead, all over, and he sees countless things but none of them is Dean, none of them is the growing pressure on his knee.
Warm, so incredibly warm and sweet and Dean hates it, the weight of his name on Castiel's tongue, always so soft and reverent and kind, until Dean uses the angels' least favorite syllable one time too many or in the least convenient context and the facade cracks and he's reminded what's beneath. Sometimes it's just so easy to get lost and fooled for a moment when the tone wraps around him, ripe with memories of what it meant before, of a world, life and a love lost, gone. Except for, maybe, leftovers of his own, hanging on fine threads of absence of anything else.
“So you can pop the cherry, draw my first blood for your sick satisfaction or whatever,” Dean rants, upset. “It still won’t make you my first, not in any way that matters,” he decides to clarify.
“We’ll find a way.”
He shares a confused look with Crowley. They both must be wondering whether Cas was being sarcastic or not. Dean doesn’t know what the safe route is here, so he fucks it entirely and goes straight to venom.
Castiel’s hand continues. Dean closes his eyes and waits. It takes a while, but eventually his body betrays him and gets him wet, wet enough to be ready to put this fucked up show on the road. He parts his legs even more to let Cas, the monstrosity in a salesman’s fit, stolen body, in. With plenty of regrets. There’s no pleasant anticipation to it. It’s nothing more than a physiological reaction to having his clit repeatedly bothered.
“Then why did you waste them?” Castiel asks curiously.
“Clio, Dean.” Castiel sighs. “And yes, you nag. You’re nagging right now.”
Jesus.
“Why can you never control yourself? This isn’t what I gave you the blade for. You didn’t wanna kill me? Fuck you, fine. But if I knew you were going to condemn all of us to something worse than dying, I would’ve given the damned thing to Crowley. At least he can keep his mind straight!”
“I—” and look at that, Yahweh 2.0 actually stutters like a freshly scolded eight year old. “Thank you.”
Dean snorts, unable to hold himself back.
Except that, Castiel’s presence is exactly what he’s afraid of right now.
“Not about this.”
“I’m buying us time,” Cas insists. “Sometimes-”
“But my abode?” he asks innocently, marveling at the silly, stupid ire in Castiel’s glare, the flashes of a grimace on his lips before he wipes it off and collects himself.
“Are you really trying to go with the Crowley argument again?” Castiel whines because he’s a big baby, one which sounds extremely disappointed but somehow not at all surprised.
“How do I even tell you to fuck off in whatever language that is most native to you these days?” Dean groans, mostly flat, void of ire. Castiel only frowns in response. Dean returns his attention to the phone, then. “So?”
After that, to Castiel’s satisfaction, he disappears. Unbothered, he lies down next to Dean once more and trails his fingers up his ribs until he reaches the heart. He sinks his almighty hand down inside smoothly and easily, as if Dean’s chest was made of water; his flesh gives way like it gave before. He’s going to raise him from perdition again. He’s aqua de vida. The horse
“Do you want to go to the sea or not?” Cas asks like Dean’s a five year old.
“Nah, thanks,” Dean says, out of fucks to give at the moment regarding why he is even having this conversation. “Just make sure there's kick-ass cars and guitars in it.”
Dean stops what he’s doing and turns to face her. “Alright, so we’re going no scissors, just clipper, yeah? Just get me a comb and I’ll salvage something.”
“Which is exactly why I find what you’re trying to accomplish ill-advised and I’m warning you not to do that. You’re not going to like what gets out of there once you yank it out,” he comments instead.
“Oh, come on,” Dean groans, giving her a really pensive look. “Anything to get my mind off shit.”
“Then what am I supposed to do?”
Now what is left is the staring; a tragedy of both the wolf and the moon because they’re too far away to destroy each other into cinders to find peace.
“What?” he barks.
There is a screech, and a slap to his face that makes his eyes snap open. Dean, again, being the first word that escapes him as he cries it out. The alarm clock is still wailing. It’s 6.30. He breathes in, breathes out. Wants to cry as awareness digs its claws into his heart, into his throat, creating a bile of pain he just can’t swallow.
That was just humoring Dean, simplifying and smoothing edges on purpose. Wrapping it up into something friendly, sparkly and comprehensible:
He shrugs, watching Castiel’s image of calm composure glitch briefly on his face into something else. Vengeful, weirdly, if Dean would bother to slap a name on it, but he doesn’t have it in him to care enough.
“For sex, huh. Go ahead, Cas. You can use the word around me, I’m an adult. Just can’t give proper consent like one.”
kisses him. He dreamed of this for months, ever since he fell and gathered the remains of his wings. Ever since he felt all those petty little things like love – love for the things that are lesser than the whole of creation. Things like one man with such sad eyes, mostly.
“Yeah, you better get a pen and a piece of paper and write that down, I’ll tell you what I need.”
Ah, Dean supposes,
Cas sounds furious.
Or maybe shoulder-length hair should never be pacified with gnome scissors. Who knows. Point is, in the last half an hour or so, Dean fucked up not only much more than he hoped to, but even more than he thought he'd be capable of up-fucking.
“For what it's worth, I'll try to pull some Hollywood strings for you, Dean. Any particular casting preferences to take into consideration?”
Now he thought that he finally had himself sorted out, but he was wrong apparently because once more, in a new context, he doesn’t know
He doesn’t exactly have a plan, which is the worst thing about this whole idea. He’s not sure how fucking Cas is supposed to make him not destroy a huge part of humanity, but it’s the only thing he’s got. He’s done nothing yet and he’s already tired. Cas will probably tire him more. He wonders how much hunger lies beneath Cas’s seemingly innocent but still fucking predatory looks. Funny that of all the things in the world, it’s something made of feathers and claws and teeth that continues to claim it loves him.
He hasn’t been this relieved to breathe fresh air for a while now. That would probably have a lot to do with the fact that he was locked up in that fucking house for more than a month and got to see the world only through windows which don’t even open. The last time he had to rediscover how much of a luxury crisp air happens to be, was when he crawled out of his own grave. Funny how he got out today for the sole purpose of throwing himself back into it. Because that’s exactly what the wedding is for him: a funeral.
Castiel’s hand hovers above Dean’s bare chest and for a second, he’s terrified of being touched there. Of the hand that can rest unbidden on his breasts, on the part of him which isn’t even his, so alien to him, unwelcome and unnecessary. He tried not to think about it throughout the whole day, but a single touch will make the breasts real, will bring the violation to his direct attention and honestly, he doesn’t need that right now. Intellectually, he perfectly understands that he won’t be able to keep this game up for the following months, but he’s not ready to give it up just yet.
“You damn fucker,” comes a sweet murmur and a light grip to his crotch, but Castiel is too sleepy and startled to react. “Why did you intoxicate me so much?” that comes out like desperate begging for help. Castiel thinks he knows. “And I don’t even know you,” now that’s a blow to his guts but he takes it in silence.
Dean takes a few steps back and sits down on the bed, body sagging in defeat. Castiel joins him. That’s the exact opposite of what he went there for. He wants to be alone. Untouched, at least for a moment.
“Was this idjit trying to give me a heart attack by making you call from a number consisting of literally one hundred forty-four thousand sevens?!”
“Why are you really here?”
“Tired of what,” Dean insists, somehow this is important.
at the bottom of his guts, at his too lean hands and all their strength stolen, at the subtle floral embossing covering him from being seen, and it kind of fucking hits him: something he didn't even think to consider before since he took it as par for the course with the whole house of crazy and horror crap, but actually he god damn shouldn't have.
There is no small mercy in this house not accounted for. The realization hits him harder than he thought it might. If he could sink any lower down the bathroom floor, he would.
“That’s not how it works.”
And he thinks: it would not be the first time. There were times when it betrayed him through silence - all the I love yous he never uttered and now he questions whether he feels them at all (he keeps searching but the nothingness is vast). It betrayed him with all the wrong words - with denials, with buddies, with pals; with all the I don’ts where he
“But why milk?”
That or he can always shrug and say Dean was well awake and begging for dick on his very own but weirdly doesn’t remember it now.
“No,” Dean agrees wistfully, his mind clearly elsewhere.
Castiel stares at the poor, lousy scissors, and so does Dean. “I need a stapler,” he says in a remarkably bad attempt at creating distraction.
“The Lord shall mend all my wounds and he shall lead me towards his light so I will bear joyful fruit. I am humanity and I am the church. I am every single breath of every living thing. In my chest, billions of hearts are beating for the Lord. I have been conquered and I shall be rebuilt into a whole new kingdom. With my vow, comes a time of peace for mankind. With my sacramental devotion, comes redemption, comes rest. This is the answer to your prayers. I am the truce and the promise that you will not be wronged. My past will burn on a stake as a sacrifice for your future and it shall be bright like the fire of purification that is to wash my sins away.”
“Now, would you please write down the ingredients for me?” Castiel asks gently, unaware of the hypothetical threat to his asshole and arteries, and passes both pen and paper to Dean before he can even consider gracing that with a yes or no answer.
“Are you trying to be the bad cop or the good cop today?”
Only side note that comes to mind whether Dean wants it there or nah (and yeah, nah) is that as a token of Castiel’s love Dr Fucker right there makes perfect sense, seeing as that love is fake as crap and none of the sugar in it even tastes good.
“Why would I do that?”
“Be strong for me,” he begs and if that isn’t ominous and foreboding, then Dean doesn’t fucking know what is. “I’ll be here. You don’t need to be afraid.”
His body tries to fight back the alien intrusion through convulsions, through whatever it can. The pain doesn’t quite go to it, no. It ignores the flesh. It goes deeper. It carves and digs beneath the arches of his ribs, claws at something that isn’t an organ but more. Dean lets out a surprised whimper when it finally hits what it wants.
A small, gentle pat drags him right back to the study, to Dean, who shouldn’t be moving at all. Dean, whose palm now rests on his, clammy and cold, unpresent. Castiel petrifies, but his eyes, every single one of them, dart to Dean’s face, watch the suspicious nothing happen for a long, unsettlingly stretched moment.
“Careful, Nad, you're talking about my husband,” Dean snorts.
A bond is being replaced with another and it’s not long before he will feel the old one break once and for all.
“Pumpkin, please. Can’t we all just be frie—”
“Bathtub. Kitchen. Now,” and each word is more clipped.
“I’m glad you said first. That implies you kicked him in the ass.”
It hurt. It was swollen with shame.
“Please, don’t ruin the makeup,” Oksana begs, even though she should have told him to just shut the fuck up and not make this any harder for her. Everyone she ever knew and loved is probably fucking dead now only because Cas was tired of waiting for him to man the fuck up and spread like the good bitch he’s supposed to be. His reasoning was just excuses. This is what it was about, in the end. Nothing more, not really. He probably even chose the part of the world to fuck over (alternatively: “fix”) at random.
“I'm sorry,” that dirty mouth whispers back, still touching him. “I promised to give you time. I promised to give you space... It's just so hard for me to have you and not have you. My hands never stop yearning, Dean. They love you so much, they let you go too many times, and I just don’t know…” He sighs, full of pain and being a psycho fuck. “But it's alright.”
“That’s generally what feeling fucked up does to you,” Dean interjects.
“Just do it.”
He ain’t technically wrong. But in this case, he isn’t exactly right, either.
As he gets closer, he notices the things that are off.
“I’m sorry,” he offers.
“What the fuck do you mean?”
“What have you done to Cas,” Dean snarls.
This isn’t fury - fury never self-contains, and Castiel does, now. He doesn’t fly to Dean’s throat, he just walks there, quiet. The tiniest move of his wrist and all the shit on the table slides until it hits the ground.
“You do realize this is horse shit.”
“An elegy over spilled milk,” he huffs.”Then I guess you won’t like the carnalval.”
“You have forfeited any rights to this room, Dean. Whatever I have placed there is none of your business. To me your safety is much more important than your need to pry. The faster you accept this, the better for you.”
“Oh, but I do. You’ve been calling him for days. With the bond you had, he could have given you a sign anytime he wanted. He didn’t.”
Castiel looks like he’s
“And that’s it?” He raises his eyebrow.
“Dean, you can’t.”
“I know you need an incentive. And trust me, I’m doing this for your own good,” Castiel declares. And yea, right.
“Until I do, meet me and my tiny box of kinks in the kitchen when you’re done, Dean,” Castiel declares, deciding the conversation is finished.
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean sneers. “Go on and tell everyone what you really think.”
The real source of his distress isn’t having a vagina (which he secretly hopes is dentata). It all comes down to being forced to do it. With Castiel and by Castiel, who also happened to be the one to have decided that Dean should totally grow a clit. And all the other things.
is what makes him hate himself even more. Nothing inside screams
Castiel smiles, confident but soft, washed over anew with so much love and pride for his little, little thing, the one that, lost in fear and dark, walks back into the cradle of his warm, careful hands, inevitably and always; there’s no other light for him to walk towards, they both know.
“I have to believe something.”
He stops this litany of shit to breathe. He doesn’t know what’s worse at this point: the ugly aftertaste of christian-vogon poetry on his tongue, or the real meaning behind it that can be very easily translated to ‘Cas was right all along and he will fuck the idiot as he pleases and from now on Dean will open his mouth only to suck then swallow. Because he was wrong.’
As he decides the strategy regarding plates and silverware, Nadya comes back with the cart in tow. Turns out there really are vignettes. Turns out also Castiel apparently is going to be eating today, since there’s one mystery plate for him as well which, what the fuck.
“JEREMEE, YOU WANT DEATH?! TAKE THINK!”
“I’m just stupidly sentimental.”
“Him,” he whispers, tears welling in his eyes.
Taking a strand of hazelnut-colored hair aside, she replies, “Dunno. I been asking this myself, too.”
“And what’s your poison, mister ‘I can’t even cut my fucking wrist right’?” she asks, irritated. Or rather - Castiel tries to decipher the exact emotion - disappointed.
Cas would show up like this from time to time later on and the secretive disappearing of theirs became a habit. Sam would love to bet on them figuring their shit out, but seeing more and more bruises on Dean, he knows something’s wrong. Afterwards, Dean is always eerily kind to him and insists on spending brotherly quality time, letting Sam do whatever he wants (Sam wants nothing; he just wants to know what’s wrong).  Always stares at him as if he’d lost him one more time. Or one time too many.
“Yeah, the one with fancy looking covered dishes? And vignettes?” she adds with sarcasm that for a moment strikes not only her voice but also her face.
Dean turns on the lights. Cas, or whatever it is, is white clad and staring at him in wild curiosity, with brightly painted amusement.
“Good.”
“To rewire me, you mean.”
Castiel grabs it by the wrist and pulls. It has to either stand up or fall. It chooses the latter, ignoring any self-protecting motions of amortization a human would normally have. There is no grace in its landing, none. Castiel is pretty sure the fall had to bruise Dean’s face at least, but there’s no way to assess it now, since the damn thing purposely doesn’t lift Dean’s head from the ground. “Way to reduce your lifespan,” it mumbles from the floor. “Live a little. While you can. Live, love, laugh, something like that.”
“I think you get off on this. You set the whole thing up, starting with cracking Sam’s head.”
Nadya looks down at herself, confused. Maybe second guessing if she's really wearing pants after all. Yeah, Nad. You are. How come? This is mean.
remember the dogs, wiseguy? The iconic duo of hunger and cut throats?”
“Oh, but if I asked for laser vision or bigger tits I bet he woulda said no,” Dean groans.
“The hell is this?” Dean gestures at the table. “The fuck is that?” he points at the door.
Lucifer knows and he promises peace. Castiel has questions, it's about small favors, actually:
And grow a beautiful, beautiful garden of
Sitting down again, he takes a much more distant spot. But he’s undeniably still fucking here.
“If you had spent enough of quality time with Dean, as I have, you would have known that the villains who overshare and talk the most always lose. And get killed.”
“Oh, you love making sure I always do in the end,” Dean groans, but follows out, the tails of Castiel’s white, preened suit stays a sore spot in his eyes.
“You want some bread, too?” voice nonchalant. “I can make some,” slides down to begging. “A sandwich.” Explanatory.
Upstairs, Dean looks around carefully and weirdly misses the sight of dust dancing in the peak of daylight, keeping him company, marking the room as well-lived once. It's too late now, he must have been unconscious for quite a while, because all the roof windows let in is muted and blue. And the blue takes reign.
“There isn’t any.”
“So, what do you want from her?” he asks innocently. This question can be understood in many ways despite the lack of malice in the way it was spoken. None of them sound good to mention right now. She waits, silent. Castiel looks down, the weight of her eyes, of the betrayal echoing off them, too heavy to bear with a head held high.
“You got all the details wrong, buddy,” Dean smiles.
“No,” he barks abruptly. “We can’t just poof away like that and leave people hanging and confused. We need to wrap this up and walk. Normal. Inconspicuous.”
She smiles venomously and points her pen at his forehead. “You son of a bitch, this is exactly where I came from, you throw me out of there first. Then find the audacity to talk shit.” Out of probably nowhere, but not that it matters, she pulls a glass of liquid and puts it in front of him with a loud click.
This time around Castiel strips entirely, taking his not that sweet time doing so. Almost as if the first night back then was just a preparational fuck and it didn’t count. Was it an aperitif to him? A snack? Or maybe Dean’s getting that wrong. Maybe it was a derogatory fuck and he was not meant to derive joy from it. But this, this is gonna be the main event, Dean can tell. There they are, the predatory sparkles in Cas’s eyes, the unearthly glaze, blue so fucking cold.
Not wanting to see Castiel devour this, whatever it is, he focuses on his own tray and he discovers a rather bland portion of fried poultry, with a side of potatoes and a salad. Fucking salad of all things, God dammit. This is an affront against everything he believes in and still sees as holy. He doesn't want to bother digging for his thing checking out what kind of atrocities made their way there, so he just fucking asks.
“No,” Castiel laughs lightly, like Dean’s being particularly that funny, which, no, he isn’t. “I’m going to grant you a female body.”
“Dean,” Cas states firmly, “I did not re-hymenate you. I don’t need to be your first,” he huffs.
“Higher standard, okay, I get it. But! I can cook good if I do say so myself and I ain’t crap in keeping stuff in order. Was your place all that kind of disaster or just your closet here because you don’t give a shit? Which I can also get, no lie. Here sucks.”
Castiel’s slow footsteps echo around the church as he approaches. He crouches next to Dean and assesses the damage, but does nothing about it. Dean watches him smile and believes himself not.
“What,” he huffs.
Now this is something that does not hold his interest. Dean knows the question is way heavier than the words suggest. Even normally he wouldn’t feel inclined to open that wound, but now? Now he doesn’t care. In all honesty, he only feels in the way that he wants to know if. it’s. safe. He tosses his phone aside. Tries to sleep, senses tired and frustrated with the ripe stench of the room, of himself. Wants to dream of better things.
“Hey, Cas? Are my emotions mine?”
“Oh, you sweet quick, quick little thing,” Castiel coos petting his arm and kissing the top of his head as he holds him bride-like and vice-like. “Will you ever stop being the first to walk into the fire, Dean? There is no one to save there on the other side, there's just harm. Here you can rest. You're supposed to rest.”
He never wants to get sober.
Dean guesses that the no wasn't in his options anyway, it seems. He lets out a heavy, tired sigh and proceeds writing the list down from memory. At least it doesn’t disappoint on making chicken soup.
Where was Cas when Dean was asking the same thing? That’s right. Fuck off, baby.
“Well, apparently you’re not old enough to have a knife yet. Do you listen to yourself speaking? Do you think you sound like you deserve a privilege?”
Taking his suit jacket off and carelessly throwing it away, he circles around Dean, eyeing this offense with growing dismay.
“As I said, adult fun is scheduled for the night. Headache doesn't work. Figured no girly locks would be dissuading. Until it grows back or something.”
Somewhere out there, Dean blooms.
“You fucking idiot,” Dean snaps and after that focuses entirely on the road, doesn’t grace him with a single word again for what feels like hours. They’re deeper and deeper into the woods. It gets darker.
“Do not stare at something that isn’t yours. Do not covet it. I am capable of hurting you very profoundly just for thinking about it. And I’m more than willing to.”
“Is there a point in asking you how long I was unplugged?”
“No,” Castiel echoes, wondering about the wisdom probably hidden behind the tiny answer.
For a moment it - they - look stunned. Really and honestly stunned.
“Darling, do you want to have your kitchen sickness now?” Castiel retaliates pleasantly, looks like he collected himself enough to play along, putting Dean on the most direct road to damage, which is knowledge Dean possesses but ignores.
“Okay.”
“I'm just drinking my afternoon coffee with my beautiful husband in our common house, Dean,” Castiel chirps and takes a sip to drive his bullshit point home.
“I want to talk about your future, Dean. Yours and your brother’s.”
- Dean can hear the fucking pout here -
That doesn’t calm him down at all. Still, he switches to breathing consciously and attempts to focus on it instead of on the sobs that want to rip through his throat and howl.
Castiel winces and clenches his hands into fists around his stupid white pants. Clearly wants to do something with those hands, but decides not to. Dean patiently whatevers at whatever that is. The loathing on his face is made of stone.
“And this is such an obstacle to your omnipotence why?” Dean prods, hoping to get a reaction.
Everything. Never mind. There’s something he still needs to tackle, so he might as well do it now.
Well, this sure is not the back yard alright, Dean notices as soon as his insides decide to step down from the merry-go-round of monster-angel transportation. Holy fucking shit, that was wilder than he remembers it being, Jesus Christ.
“Nadya,” she admits shyly, afraid of her words being overheard by the wrong sentient massacre on two legs.
“You forgot how to be a decent person overnight.”
But there was nothing. This is how Dean knows Cas ain’t Cas.
“A word of good advice. Don’t waste your energy on this, you’re going to need it elsewhere.”
Castiel sighs heavily. Not exactly verbatim, but he’s had this conversation dozens of times already. He decides to give himself the same once-over. “Is it the white?” he decides to ask in the end.
Castiel nods solemnly. He puts his fingers to Dean’s forehead. There comes burning warmth and Dean watches his body force the knife out, the wound closing, unmade. Cas helps him stand. Leads him carefully towards the guy who’s still pinned to the wall like an insect.
“I’m not an angel.”
Pants.
“Yeah,” he says, his face full of mysteries about to unfold. “Driver picks the music. Shotgun shuts his cakehole. That clear?”
“You chose your option, now pay the taxes.”
“Nag?!” Dean laments, incredulous. “I was supposed to be your conscience, your Calliope, but now, in my face, you’re telling me that all I do is nag?!”
“Do you really think I hurt Sam to get you into my bed?! You think it was an elaborate plan?!”
“Yeah, I can. If Lord Bitch comes complaining, tell him it was my direct order and if he has beef with that, my face is always open for hitting and suggestions,” Dean says, as hard and final as he can. “Besides, I bet he carefully picked those pretty counters with a dream of fucking me on them in his mind, so you don’t wanna be here for this, either.”
“What makes you think I wouldn’t pull you out over and over again?” Cas asks. “I told you. I’d do anything. I love you.”
Dean rushes to open the closet and, for the time being, ignores stealthiness as a concept and messily runs his hands and eyes through layers of white-ish crap until he hits jackpot on the first vaguely pant-shaped thing. Good enough. Wasting no time, he gathers his dumb dress up and attempts to put his finding on, and on his way discovers the following:
“Do you want me to show you how many things I got to pick regarding this whole arrangement?” Dean flips him the bird, proud of himself. “This many.”
“How? Some of the pieces are already out of his body. Coming back anywhere, not to mention back to you, is the last thing they want to do.”
And then there’s-
“A beautiful bride,” Dean sing-songs, leaning in. “So kiss her,” he says, grabbing Castiel’s face with his bleeding hands, but Castiel pulls away.
“Those are synonyms, Dean.”
Cas opens his palm, showing no signs of interest. In it, there is a leather collar. Not even the kinky kind of one. The dog kind of one. With a name tag. Dean leans in and squints to read, but Castiel closes his fist again and lowers his hand. He still saw it, though. It says “Fido.” Now Dean’s understanding of Latin isn’t absolute, but he knows it well enough to notice the blatant insult. Considering the context, things can’t get any more rude than that.
“What do you mean: end up here? You’re still not wearing Sam to prom.”
“Shut up,” Castiel says, voice clipped. He still stares at the stranger pinned to the wall, cold and calculating. “Do you now see why I need to take all these precautions to keep you safe? Why I have your location a secret, why I tolerate your whining about it with endless patience?” He lets out a weary exhale and for a moment, he looks almost human. Like a very done and tired one. “Nobody wants to save you, Dean. They all want to destroy you. Nobody loves you. Only I do.” Castiel sighs again, heavier, his eyes still trained on the immobilized and mute fucker on the wall. “Sometimes I wonder why. Why I bother with you, you know.”
Speaking of which. What are the goddamn safety mats and railings for? Dean’s at a complete fucking loss. Is this supposed to help him not accidentally kill himself when he’s so far pregnant he develops his own orbit? Or is Castiel’s plan so considerate of the future it’s meant to keep osteoporosis at bay when he’s literally too senile to move without creating injury hazard?
“Tasted what?”
“I don't know, man. God giveth, God taketh.”
“It doesn’t work like that, kiddo.”
He would throw up, but there’s nothing in his stomach, nothing. He washes his face and hair instead, infuriated over how troublesome this is with a cut that isn’t anywhere near close to his scalp. He’s got no idea how Sam survives this every other day.
“Cas, stop.”
Dean turns his head to face Castiel directly and it costs him five billion dollars and eight ponies to not clock him in the face regardless of the lack of a practical point just because he has it due.
“So you didn’t rip everything off. Good for you. Want an award for that? Insert coin, wait nine months, give or take. Bam, prize.”
He doesn’t know which one of them Dean is welcoming with so much fire as he pushes Castiel closer and traps with his strong calves and hungry hands, but for their own good, he hopes it’s him. He doesn’t have a proof. He never knew if Dean wanted him like he wanted all these women, all the other bodies. He’s desperate to find out. Even more desperate to make Dean need him in a whole new and fully carnal way.
Like, is he?
“I wasn’t supposed to get this one, either,” Dean points at his cheek and lip.
“We’re gonna do it,” Dean says with excitement, eyes shining. It means everything. “We’re having a camp, we’re gonna be saving people,” he adds, taking Cas’s face in his trembling hands, shaking him into understanding. And God, Castiel understands. He believes. In Dean, in the mission, in everything. Defying heaven was worth this. Dean kisses him quickly out of nowhere, all rush of emotions, endorphins; an action that must have omitted conscious thinking.
“That’s okay,” he assures.
“I’ll prove you both wrong. Like I already have before.”
Behind a wall or two, Springfield burns. Dean passes the piano room, grabs the wannabe vase glass on his way. Throws the water and the flowers out. That will leave a stain on the carpet for sure, but Dean’s too busy not catching a glimpse of the sight outside of the windows, where bright, hot and furious, the city dies in tongues of fire. He tries not to think how this isn’t exactly what he had in mind, thinking this shit hole could use a warmer weather. But even his idle staring and contemplating his position from the days before have turned against him. Everything did and, fuck, he should have seen it coming. He tries not to think, for the sole purpose of keeping the remains of his sanity, about anything at all. Not that he’d change his mind. The alea is iacta as fuck, no taksies backsies. He tries not to think, above all things, how tomorrow, because of him, entire Illinois will be fucked.
“Good for you.”
“I know that, dove,” he says calmly and smiles. “Which is why I don’t need to do anything to you. Do you understand?”
Cas has two fucking completely separate identities, so as a result, Dean doesn’t understand shit. With every passing second, he understands less and less.
in Detroit.
“Put your stupid kinks in a tiny box and ship it to Alaska, Cas,” he sighs.
The grounds are still full of people. Everything is a mess, covered in folding chairs and a rich variety of flowers. Nobody seems to pay his reappearance any attention. Then again, perhaps no one is simply allowed to. Somewhat relieved, Dean pushes the heavy wooden door and slips into the church, its space now lit solely by the candles from the candelabras. The stained windows let nothing in as it’s already quite dark.
The only peace he deserves, he’ll take. So when she’ll ask him to stand up and walk - he will. Despite the putrid taste of her mouth and of her salvation. There’s shit for which he just can’t atone (like breaking a friend). There’s an ache nothing will cure. And there’s a point after which you’re just fucking done.
Oh fuck. That son of a bitch.
“Fine.” She sighs. “Make the table, I’ll go get the cart. The cloth is in the low drawer, you already know where the porcelain is,” she decides and attempts to leave him to his own devices.
If this was meant to be a trick to rile him up, it fucking worked because, Dean finds himself holding the receiver by his ear, just so Castiel would be a) wrong and b) very much actively shutting himself the fuck up.
But by being good prey.
“I’m trying to find you,” he answers enigmatically. “I guess I need more time,” he says, handing him another glass of the cocktail. “Come on,” he prods and Castiel zeroes it down obediently. Soon enough, he starts to feel groggy.
“You’re the true embodiment of Humanity, Dean. It’s only fair I reigned with the Righteous Man by my side. You can help me make the right decisions. You can be my inspiration.”
Dean cringes once more. Cringe day isn’t over yet.
“Do you not tire?” Castiel cuts in, bored. “How many times will I yet hear Crowley before you stop?”
“Good to see you out,” unsure, but relieved. Sincere. Dean aches.
It’s colder in this place than in the hall, surely than in the bedroom, hot and stuffy because of reasons he does not appreciate at all. His skin welcomes the chill, the lack of Castiel in its proximity. His back, pressed against the bland blue tiles of the wall, feels nearly relieved. Dean shuts his eyes and slides down, part in tiredness of the body, part in the exhaustion of his soul, which, at this point he’s experiencing on a cellular level. If he’s being over dramatic, he doesn’t care. Hard not to call his life a telenovela, anyway. Cas might’ve as well already legally changed his name to Isaura by now and simply failed to mention that. It’s not like it hasn’t happened before.
“I get all tingly when you take control like that,” he chuckles, but does as told anyway while Castiel magically finds enough time to roll his eyes at that. He heals Dean’s wrists again and thinks away all the blood. Both the skin and the shirt are now stainless clean and they lack the shameful failure of Dean’s doing. Dean’s smile vanishes when he sees this. “This is the opposite of fixing that,” he points out. “This isn’t how things should be,” he says, panicked. “It’s bad enough that I’m here.”
“Stubborn asshole.” Castiel can feel the frustrated groan vibrate on his skin, anger echoing throughout the tight embrace. But there’s something missing and finally he knows what he couldn’t find. A heartbeat. “You stupid, stupid bitch.” The sigh is almost affectionate, but it doesn’t matter. There’s a kiss to his neck, it leaves sulfur behind. “Then go and rot with him.”
Nevermind, but probably yeah.
“Oh, but keeping you waiting with the Eucharist was,” Dean smiles hateful and dark.
Clearly already having had assessed the distance between his greedy monster hands and whatever severed baby head lies beneath the lidded tray, Castiel rises from his chair and gets himself the silver and his plate. He lets it all slide without a single word. Such a poster fuck for benevolence.
“No wonder,” Dean huffs, eyes still fixed on the dress.
“This some kind of visual art performance of you making a booty call right now?” Dean blurts because he honestly doesn’t understand what this is about.
Nadya gives him a pitiful look again. “Yes, I definitely will,” she comments dryly and glances at the clipper with visible unease. “Is this charged enough to you?”
“Guess then I can tell him to tone that crap down,” he tries to shrug and winces. “What’s the worst thing that can happen?”
how it works, Cas,” Dean sighs. “Been there. After each contact I got better only to cuckoo later. This
Having this in mind, he goes to see Sam, leaving the motherfucking stupid piano room and the TV and all of this mess behind, Springfield included. Sets himself free of this flowery choker garbage and puts it on the piano, where he found it first (he hopes the gesture conveys fuck you, Cas well enough). He takes the glass with. His hands don’t take idleness that fine.
Dean repeats his name on and on and it’s beautiful and soft and his chest is smooth. Castiel’s sight isn’t flooded by the memory of an ugly gash. There’s just skin. He wants to kiss the exact spot where Dean’s heart is safe and sound and here. His lips are already there. He doesn’t know how. “I had a nightmare,” he murmurs against Dean’s body, mind supplying something’s gone. Missing from the picture. He stares again. It all looks fine, save for the fact that Dean looks even more worried. Or maybe it’s not that. Scared? He looks scared?
“Earrings?”
Castiel loves that. Oh, so well, all too well — attitude and spite both, and all of Dean’s horses of willpower fire, strong, wrathful and unmatched, but… Castiel can crush it like a handful of flowers if he needs, like a bug, into nothing. Raphael could have, too.
“I thought you don’t give a fuck about sexual orientation,” Dean sneers.
And this Castiel couldn’t love, not for long.
“Calm down,” Castiel says, voice firm. “Breathe,” he insists, hoping the message will get through to the real Dean. “Everything’s going to return back to normal. I’m going to fix this.”
He turns the clipper on and hands it to Nadya.
“What the hell does that even mean?!”
“Will do miracles,” Dean agrees, patting his arm, leaving a wet spot of blood behind. Through this he also manages to get her attention.
“He is shit,” Nadya says it like that encompasses all the knowledge Dean should currently have. “You haven't met him. Make it stay that way.”
He just doesn’t fucking get it. Is this supposed to be a Winchester House ripoff? Some bad last name-based joke he doubts Castiel is capable of making on his metaphor-impaired own? What’s with the house remodeling?
He wants to chew his hand off, but the only thing he does now is to not let it linger idly and suspiciously in the air, so he retracts, far away from the general vicinity of Castiel's space and the warmth that would burn him in the end. He buries his hand in his hair, an innocent gesture maybe even feminine enough to Castiel's kinky delight. Dean runs his fingers through it not knowing what else to do.
He lies down next to Dean in silence. His friend doesn’t wake up to watch the sunset this time. Night falls over the ashes of Springfield and he waits.
. He wonders idly if he’ll ever straighten things out or if he forever will remain afraid. His forever is not that long. He's on his way to the end of the desert.
“Don’t you suppose that’s too much time ahead for you to be concerned about? Time that you don’t have here because you’ll be long locked away by then?”
His whole body is always so stiff, as if rigor mortis had set in and never found the opportunity or reason to leave. It even invaded his voice. It’s something broken and scorched beyond recognition, worse than when he screamed in Hell for thirty years. Here, on Earth, dying alongside his brother – in parts, in days, in pieces – was enough. When was Dean’s last breath, Castiel doesn’t know. He wasn’t exactly watching. There were louder gongs to bang at the time and one wilting exhale was so easy to miss. And perhaps in repercussion for this, Dean’s drowned-man’s unseeing eyes stare at him accusingly. Castiel is glad the cabin is so dark. Dean’s eyes are even darker than that, tinted with death. There is nothing he can do, he has to look at them every day because he promised to stay. Because he has nowhere to go, other than to die. Soon, he’ll cross that off his bucket list. It will be relieving. Being with his fearless leader evokes guilt – this is what he helped him become: a siren that lures Chitaqua to death. His own hands are dirty with blood and needles, by his careless fin du sieclist decadence that Dean tried to stop but couldn’t, he pushed him down one stair at a time. Apparently with all the booze and drugs he became too bright a star and it burned Dean out while he tried to be too close.
“You don’t know nagging yet, bitch,” Dean threatens. At least on this one, he can actually follow through with his words. They’re all he has, after all.
“No, wait. I’ve heard them already. You plan to come up with new ones?” Dean asks, honestly curious. “Or are you going to loop the old songs over and over?”
“I promise I will de-sack you.”
Or at least this is what urgent kissing back seems to indicate.
5. If you did not like this piece, then i, op, accept constructive criticism.
But Dean knows no mercy in not being here. Like with Christ, the whole tempting doesn’t quite work. At this point Castiel is becoming annoyingly aware that no matter how many crowns and kingdoms and un-destroyed Russia’s he’d offer, it’s not going to do anything to help Dean change his mind. Because Dean isn’t that much of a materialistic man, obviously. Because this is about some kind of principle now. Because something else also, but Castiel fails to decipher that one. Frustrated, he wonders what kind of pieces he’s missing.
Stone walls, arches, flower decorated pews, holy icons, stained glass windows, an altar and a big ass Jesus (oh, there you are, Jesus) on a cross - a church, then. The back yard did not have one, not that he knows of.
“So you decided to speed it up instead?”
First of all: what? Secondly: no. Thirdly:
“Nah, that ain’t it,” Dean waves him off, laughing. “You just want to fondle my titties.” He clasps his hands expectantly. “Well?”
“Holy ass, really? All these pews and this Jesus that’s completely inept and indifferent towards the world’s misery had me real confused for a second. I thought we were in a Disneyland during carnaval,” Dean sneers. Castiel doesn’t even fucking squint at the insult. “Okay then, a church,” he retries. “Not in the US, though,” he muses. There are no stones that fuck old in there, let alone a church.
“Is this how you spell an apology?”
“Can’t believe you air quoted the word bump,” they say finally, disbelieving, rapidly turning into hysterical. “You actually air quoted it. Oh God. Like, how does he put up with you? No wonder the orange is suicidal. We would be, too.”
It answers with a cunning, challenging smile. It wears it with so much pride as if it wore a million dollar wedding dress and was just about to eat both the groom and all his previous lovers alive. This time around, as it sits up once more, every single movement of the body it stole screams with dare and confidence; an echo of power that Castiel hates as a look on Dean, it’s like spitting on his face. It seems to know that.
Something happened here, a lot of it, judging from the size. It healed but didn’t scar. Anything this large would leave much more ugly behind. And it would take time. This layer of skin is brand new. Other than that his legs are unscatched.
, it will remain a wound to haunt him when he sleeps. Will remain the sand in his throat. They are not even.
“Whenever you’re ready,” he comments and waits, bored.
“I’m sorry, Sam”, he leaves him with that. And leaves, as in: really leaves.
“Recalibrating,” he echoes, curious. “Mind telling me what the fuck have you done or do I need to suck you off first and then fill in an official complaint to get answers?”
“Just kill me and go fuck a parrot zoo.”
“Because you don’t have any other friends,” Crowley supplies and Dean can’t exactly tell whether it was said mockingly or not.
And yet Dean Winchester, the Consort Queenlike Fucking Idiot, was dumb enough to believe that for some reason (decency? Inevitably getting what he wants anyway? Years of friendship, maybe? Who the fuck knows) Castiel the All and, most of all, Dean-loving God would be at least minimally above violently raping him while he’s unconscious.
when naked. It would be real helpful to know how far along he is. But hey. Priorities. Closet. Pants. ASAP.
“I’m sorry.”
“Please, just let me help you. You have to trust me that all I have in mind is your benefit. Not mine. Do you think I want to have to guide you resorting to such desperate measures?” He sighs.
“Stay,” Castiel cuts it short and makes them. At least the ring doesn’t fail to do its job.
Dean, on his end, could really use some of that coffee for extra courage, but he doesn't think he needs his mouth scorched just yet, so he decides to go without.
. That didn’t feel like sleep. It was empty. Felt like shutdown.
“Don't worry about that, Dean,” Castiel says, sounding as nondescript as only oatmeal standing too long on a counter could not-taste. “This won't happen to you again. I'll make sure of it.”
And there it is again: wrath, contempt, boiling hatred - more of it than Dean knows how to fucking work with. And all of it personal.
“Dean, I know what you’re doing and I assure you that’s a pointless endeavor. There is nowhere you can run to. Where you are now won’t matter in a handful of minutes because soon we won’t be here anymore.”
“And where does that come from?”
“That was weird,” Dean comments uselessly. Castiel ignores his input and burns the collar in his hand. It turns to ash and fades into the ground. This is also weird. “What was this about?”
“I’ll never forgive myself for this,” Castiel says hopeless, tears filling his eyes. He doesn’t know what to do. He feels there has to be something to make Dean change his mind. But Dean never changes his mind once he’s set on a mission.
“How do you know me?”
Okay, not that one. Not that reaction.
“Congratulations, Dean,” Crowley offers.
Dean can pinpoint exactly. He can draw a graph with all the neat little arrows. He can answer all the whys, except of the biggest one.
He’s that desperate, actually.
Confronted with this question, Dean laughs so dryly a desert seems moist in comparison, which sends a nauseating shiver down Sam’s spine.
“I’m surprised, dear Castiel. I thought you couldn’t get more pettily romantic than the garden-themed manslaughter you’ve committed in Dean’s name, but I guess the seaside sunset kissing takes the cake of Hallmark sweetness,” Crowley says, laughing like they’re the funniest thing in the world. They certainly are the most pathetic, he’ll give Crowley that. “It’s so heartwarming to finally see the useless, brooding nice guy get his manic pixie dream girl.”
“I’ll stop, next step is yours,” he says. “Take the right dire—”
“I can’t,” he hears Dean mutter. “It’s Sam.”
As they lie together in the darkness, Cas kisses the nape of Dean’s neck while Dean desperately wants to throw up the seed of the baobab he now feels he harbors. “You inspire me,” he hums into his still heated skin. Dean swallows a sob which falls thickly on the baobab seed and feeds it. In the darkness of the now truly conjugal room, turned away from his probably now spouse, he stares at an outline of a white wedding dress, hanging on the wall. Somehow he knows it’s for him but he is too resigned to indulge himself into wondering about the intricate mechanisms of how.
“Marry me,” Dean cuts in, sounding so flat it amazes even him. He’s worn out. He feels baobab splinters all over himself, all of this the touch of Cas’s hands and mouth (and many, many teeth). “I’ve figured it out from the TV.”
“You’re suffering,” Castiel comments softly. “You don’t have to be.”
“And it has to be convincing,” he guesses. Cas nods. “Okay.”
There are still the common bathrooms, right? Somewhere. No biggie, he’ll find them. Second floor, in theory “theirs”, but in reality fucking Castiel's, since Dean just can't relate, has: the main bedroom (stupid), his bathroom (useless), hall (empty), the office (banned). Ground's got Sammy's room (sad), the fake kitchen (stupid, useless), real kitchen (closed. banned?), dining room (banned, very banned), living room (who cares), the porch (banned since he doesn’t even know how many days, which is sad, useless and stupid).
“Ah,” Castiel nods and laughs as if he was giving Dean a point or something. “Well, your mother is dead.”
to earn this inconvenient super first class travel to the future?
“Yeah? Then why aren’t you fixing yours?”
Cas sighs, probably not even theatrically.
“Dean,” he starts concerned, as if he were to approach a wild animal.
“Many things have blood, C--” he freezes instantly midword and Castiel tilts his head in confusion. “Oh my god,” Dean continues, only partially wrong in his comment. “I totally forgot.”
“There are many different and wonderful things I’d rather do with you than teach you like a bratty child, but you’re hardly leaving me a choice. Again.”
The pain spreads further up his arm, crawling. It’s like razor blades cutting him from the inside. It does not stop, does not relent. His hand, now aching and trembling, on fire, is still firmly held by Castiel who utters no word and stares at him with something akin to pity. But it’s nothing. Only when the sensation reaches his chest is when the real hell begins. And yes, he can make a comparison. So far he was convinced only a rack of Alastair’s can deliver that kind of abstract pain, but he was clearly so very wrong. It’s so nice that he can find out now.
“Come,” he demands instead.
... Pants?
“Are you sure that was your only imperative, Dean?” Cas counters, clearly amused with something (thing being Dean, probably).
“It’s for the ceremony and for the wedding night.”
“Feeling better now?”
So he just fucking stands there like the stupid bitch that he is.
This is the first time he even acknowledges them because they were always wide open.
floor now?
Dean stares, incredulous, in this particular order, at: Castiel's smug, self-congratulating face, at the telephone, at his assigned coffee cup, and back at Castiel.
“What makes you think I even want you to help me?” he spits instead.
“Soup?”
“Ah,” he hums, glaring in blatant dare, “there’s the real you. The savior of Syria and the gardener of Russia. My baby. My cherry pie. My sweet, loving husband.”
“I care.”
His words meet absolute silence.
As he carries him through the hall, he passes people, his most devoted servants. They all freeze in horror at the sight. There’s going to be panic. There are going to be rumors. He’ll deal with this later. He’ll also have Dean watch, in said reprimand. This is more than convenient.
“I don’t know why you’re surprised, Dean,” Lucifer sighs. “I have already told you once that we would always end up here. You just altered a few details, is all.” This time the devil really smiles and it pisses the holy shit out of Dean.
Castiel sighs tiredly. They part.
“Christ, Dean, pay attention!” Bobby laments. “For now, you can’t stick your head out too high. Don’t piss him off too much. You need to be in his best graces, that’s the only coherent hint we were being given on step one.”
Dean gives Castiel's plate a curious look and he's very fast to regret that decision because what he sees is a gigantic, Sam-sized, slab of meat cooked so rare it’s closer to being freshly killed than cooked at all, still bleeding too profusely for something that has any right to be out of the grill. Dean hopes this is not human meat.
Castiel stares at Dean in hopeless anger and has the word ‘had’ ringing in his head. “Dean,” he mutters almost voicelessly, betrayed.
“So you fix a thing by fucking it up? And that works since approximately when?”
“Not in the US,” Cas echoes flatly. Dean waits for an explanation, but nope, it’s not happening.
“Of course they’re yours. I can’t possibly make them mine.”
“Then go and heal him. Then we’ll talk.”
Dean doesn’t seem to care at the moment. Castiel decides to remind him of something else entirely. Should work. Has to work, he muses. No matter how many broken bones, he always crawls back to Sam. And, in fact, the more broken he is, the faster he manages to crawl, that amazing little thing.
“Not nuked. Okay. So what have you done?”
“Well that’s just some caveman shit,” they huff, getting up and brushing dust off the dress.
“It’s not me. It’s the Lazarus sign. You destroyed me, sunshine, I’m brain-dead. Sorry.”
“He’s gone.”
He reaches out to the inside pocket of his flawless white power suit and takes out a small notebook that surprisingly doesn’t look like it’s been bound with human leather, and a pretty basic dollar store pen. Maybe he’s on a budget. Or just likes to play-pretend in front of his flock that he doesn’t have a fucking datcha full of servants, french doors, real wood furniture and a cashmere-clad private whore and whatever the fuck Dean is also supposed to be these days. Dean knows a few nice places where that bic pen can go. If only it had any point to even try.
“Because there is nothing you can do.”
“Doesn’t sound reassuring coming from your mouth.”
Again, that’s not the word Dean would use. Death row? Sure. Home? Absolutely not. He’s as far from alright as it gets, generally, but Castiel probably means just his head and intestines, so he’s going to address that.
Ah, right. He’s still there. Dean almost forgot.
“So,” Castiel starts with a bit less strain in his voice, “what is this thing you want…” Dean can fucking see he’s trying so hard not to say baby daddy right now, “...me to give you?” Spectacular success. This is the first time ever Castiel earns a decency point. “Do you want me to shower first? Or do you want to join me?”
“Then I’ll make sure his attention orbits around me and around me only.”
Cas touches him softly, smoothly, fingertips barely reaching the exposed skin. There’s nothing even remotely sexual to it. It just makes the caked, dried blood disappear. With his other hand, he does the same to his back and Dean almost, almost leans into the touch.
This has to be the dumbest thing he’s ever said, but, admittedly, he didn’t think it through that much.
“I don't have Twitter. Or internet. Or a phone. Or free will.”
“I have a vast memory, Dean. I will remember. If it’s important to you, I surely won’t forget it.”
“You’ll need lots of sleep when I’m done with you, dove.”
Dean stops her. It just doesn’t feel right, this whole thing. “Thanks, but you don’t have to baby me here. I can help around, just tell me what needs to be done.”
Dean can feel Bobby's endless frustration from here. Kind of shares it, too.
“Have to? No. But want to now, with you.”
But damn, he should be the one comforting her, not the other way around. She has lost much, much more than he ever had because Cas had a point to prove. To Dean, probably. To do that, he eviscerated Russia, most of its inhabitants, and called it “Dean’s Garden” because he’s that much of a dick and more. As a result and reminder, Oksana is here, in Illinois. Where Castiel planted the rest of the people that had survived his judgment, Dean doesn’t know. He doesn’t know why Russia had to go to the glue factory, either.
“Why would he want newborns?” Dean asks, confused.
“Fake lashes?” he tries.
“Nahhhh,” Dean waves off, trying for, well, sounding as non hostile as he can humanly fakely get. Should get an Emmy for that. Just for his nah. He deserved it.
“Good kid. Keep doing that.”
“So what? Is this some kind of deal? Do I need to…” kiss you?
“No,” Castiel echoes mockingly. “Then you are not sorry. You see, the reason why I told you to stay where you were is that I trusted you wouldn’t get yourself successfully ambushed in an open space, especially in a place nobody expected you to be or at least, not without me. I simply wanted to give you some air in a safe environment. But you got bored of it, didn’t you? Just had to go back to the one dark place full of opportunities for morons with a death wish to hide in and wait for you. Had to go back to the one place that can get you fucked. You like getting fucked, Dean? I’ll get you fucked, don’t worry.”
Dean’s heard that line before, spoken almost verbatim. At least in this part of the judgment, Cas ain’t wrong. The rest? Debatable. Castiel is just trying to hit his sweetest spots to make him convert. Besides, even if it’s true, it’s not their fault. He can’t blame people for making the right and healthy choices, now can he? But he can’t stand in their defense. Not if he wants them to live to see tomorrow. Nadya was right. The only chance to keep breathing is to remain unnoticed.
His answers, instead, usually provide: bullshit, pneumonia, tuberculosis, dadaism, and generally are the reason why people die of cancer and why Dean can't have nice things.
He decides to make it easier for her and he cuts in.
“He reads too much Orwell, I think.”
“Why do you want a child so suddenly?”
“You got it all wrong,” Cas says and Dean has no fucking clue what that is about. But if Cas thinks Dean’s gonna ask, he’s in for a big surprise.
Well, there’s shit he needs to investigate soon one way or another, so he’ll deal with that bridge once it hits him in the face. For now, he opens the stupid can. He kinda made a promise, after all.
Silence. Absolute, deafening silence. Seconds pass and Dean stands, counting. Three, four, five - did someone finally fucking kill him or?? - seven, eight, nin—
“You’re not dead.”
“Like it’s possible.”
Open house Dean’s fucking ass.
In not exactly companionable silence, they make it close to the shore. Hanging on the warm, pinkish sky, soon the sun will go down and cover them in pale colors of dusk. Dean stares at the glimmering surface of endless water and contemplates taking Castiel’s hand, leading them both to it to submerge and never reappear. Just die. This is the only ending they deserve and it happens to be the only one that could help the world at this point. He just can’t bring himself to do it. Partially because he doubts Castiel would drown anyway, but there’s more to it than that. Something Dean resents himself for very deeply. Ashes of the burning love that once was, still mar the walls of his heart. He can’t cleanse them, doesn’t know how to. Doesn’t even try. He releases the angry air he’s been holding and sags. He gives up.
Dean likes to think he used to. To be honest, fuck knows.
“Figured,” he sighs. “Why do you want me in a dress?”
“And he can’t have that,” he guesses.
. Less than three seconds all of this.
“In time, you will,” he says, worryingly firm.
“It was your choice, Dean.”
More poetry. Maybe he should step up his game with the baroque metaphysics, go all George Herbert and wave his hands in a wing-resembling way as he spits out the rest of his monologue. It’s a farce anyway. He swallows hard because he feels like throwing up. And throwing himself off a cliff while he’s at it.
“Amazing,” Castiel almost purrs, eyes greedily raking over Dean. “That I finally have you here. Waiting for me to take you.”
“You’re gonna have to elaborate.”
Castiel snorts. “Good luck finding a coat hanger in this house, Dean.”
“It’s exactly the same one you had three days ago,” Castiel says and his tone suggests that he’s more than tired with this conversation and the implications Dean (rightfully so) keeps on making every five minutes.
unspoken. “I need you here,” he sighs instead, so tired with this unruly child of his.
“Not nuked.”
“If you put it that way,” Castiel smiles. Dean shakes his head in disbelief.
She rushes towards him and drags him into the room by his sleeve and he goes with zero fight because the only thing he's thinking about is pants. And for once, it isn't about taking them off somebody.
What is definitely not normal and to worry about is the part about having to fucking snap awake from
And he fears for her, more than ever, and he doesn’t know why. He bites the inside of his mouth til it numbs him, he composes his wrath and elegantly places it within the crevices of his body, like legos.
Promises, promises, something-something, no parsnips. Too bad. Dean can’t help but low key keep counting on pretty not being good enough one day.
“I’m not dying,” Sam finally snaps.
all royalties for the baseball bat go to my bruh, babybluecas ;)
That actually sounds more ominous than complacenting, which can’t possibly mean anything good.
Cas looks like he’s working the question through under thirty five angles.
Cas squints, lack of comprehension obvious on his features. The anger, however, slowly seems to recede. Dean has his genuine interest. That’s good.
“Try to make it a bargain one more time. I dare you. You won’t like my next offer.”
“For being insouciant.”
The bruises heal and scar, form back into a face again after Cas’s punches. But the memory of Cas looking at him that day, so ready to die, so resigned and
“Look what happened because I was simply stalling,” he croaks and fails to stop the tears from falling. “I hadn’t known. If I knew, I’d—”
Having successfully distracted the wedding guests with his Houdini shit, Cas guides Dean down back on the path leading to the church.
“After you breaking Sam like he’s nothing, after you gutting Visyak, after you coming here to mend fences, but stealing Bobby’s shit instead, after you having Lisa almost die because you sided with English garbage,” he cuts in, vicious. “Yeah, I think I can, buddy. So save it.”
“More or less, yeah,” he says, dropping the fight. For now.
“You haven't unlocked that part of the story and you aren't going to because there is no point, you wouldn't understand. Now, can we eat if we really have to? Do you even have to eat?”
“I don’t know, go ask your father,” he mutters. Wait, no. “Actually, change of plans. If you can reach him, very much don’t. He can’t know we talk.” Now a non-terrifying reason would be good. “Thinks he knows everything. Let’s have him miss out on something for once.”
“You were a demon in that dream.”
“Zeus and Hera were having an argument over who has the most pleasure during intercourse: a man or a woman. They called Tiresias, since he experienced it as both. He answered that a woman has ten times more the pleasure than a man.”
He wants to spit it out. He wants to tear his own mouth off because it had betrayed him.
“No. Of course not.”
“Come, Dean,” Cas whispers only to him, seeing that Dean still hasn’t moved from where he stubbornly stands.
It rolls Dean’s eyes so hard for a moment Castiel is worried they’re going to stay like that.
“In his new form, Tiresias became not only a mother and a wife, but also a prostitute of great fame. As you can imagine, he had lots of sex. After seven years of such life, he encountered snakes again and wisely left them alone. As a prize, he was returned to his original shape.”
Later, he decides to hit closer to home:
Dean on the other hand, doesn’t need any of this.
What the fuck. Seriously. To say that it was uncalled for doesn’t even begin to cover it.
The one where he bent Dean against the desk like a C-grade hardcore porn starlet and successfully made him into a shishkebab before taking the party to bed. Only because Dean squirmed too hard and it probably made it too inconvenient to properly savor. With that his own sobs, repeated thuds of his body against the solid wood. His nails scratching into it, finding no solace.
“What the fuck is this, Dean?” she asks, pointing her clipper-bearing hand at the general vicinity of Dean’s possibly stuck butt.
Like, if he was given the right to choose, he’d go with something honest, simple and elegant, like “fuck.” But no, he always only had the illusion of a choice and it was on a totally different subject, so it was up to Cas. His doing, after all. And as warped as his little marbles are, he most likely considered it a celebratory name, because he finally, finally got to eat his cookie (and fuck you, Cas. If you eat a cookie then you don’t have one). This makes Dean’s plan D, for dick ride, a double failure.
That’s…. That’s Dr. Pepper, not coke.
He swallows hard with tears in his eyes, looking at her and thinking of all the other remaining people Cas brought here to assist with the ceremony, and, most of all, to remind Dean that what happened once, can always happen again, just in case he ever feels like forgetting, like disobeying. Or leaving. Or doing anything that isn’t scripted or expected of him, to be honest.
“Try harder maybe?”
Can he just fucking die already? This is getting really frustrating. Dean groans and accidentally chokes on blood. Cas pays no heed to it.
“How do you know he won’t bring me back? That’s not a problem for him. It’s hardly an inconvenience.”
He weighs Dean for a moment. Calculates his trajectory, whatever.
He touches his cheek and split lip absentmindedly and can’t figure out for shit how to answer that question. In a way, that’s related. The bitch slap was about control. So was the plan to turn Russia into a garden to have Dean give up and embrace his lack of options. And so was messing with Sam’s wall. Control, control, control. If there was something more to it, Dean fails to see it. And doesn’t care.
“Considering how little you truly know about your mother, perhaps it would much be better for you if she stayed that way.”
“So you don’t wanna find out why your boyfriend said yes to me before he could ever say yes to you? Oh right! That’s why! Because he could never have a yes from you!”
“The fuck, Cas?!”
He also has the baby cry again, yeah thanks for that, asshole.
“You want a consort that hates you, then.”
See, there are just certain things he doesn’t want to experience (he can’t).
“For trying to take you away from me.”
a) the term “garden” requires human involvement, which is something this huge-ass part of Eurasia now lacks in the most fundamental way since there apparently are no more people there, last time Dean checked on the TV (two days ago),
This seems to pique Crowley’s interest because he raises an eyebrow curiously. For now, Dean pretends he’s not even there. There’s nothing there as far as he’s concerned. Just a void. And it’s screaming at him.
“I’m trying not to.”
He’s not pristine fresh and his boobs probably aren’t sparkly and shiny, his entire box of bones kind of slowly floating towards the edge of uncomfortably void of hygiene, which definitely isn’t his thing but direct contact with the body he’s actively trying to avoid in terms of any consideration and acknowledgment isn’t his thing either. And then there’s also pure simple spite. Spite beats soap.
“Good,” Castiel says evenly. “Because you are about to go back to your trees,” he adds, smiling and readies himself for another flight. “Mind that.”
His accusations make no sense and they’re unjust but Castiel can’t deny his hand felt something more but the innocent, welcoming warmth of Dean’s thigh. His precious dove’s body has been touched, hurt. Has been accessed, even though only Castiel bears any and all right to keep and reshape it. He’s earned this well, beyond dispute, after all the sacrifices that paved the way to fulfilling his claim. It’s just not possible that someone not only dared but has also touched.
Nadya’s face tells him he’s gonna get whacked like one if he doesn’t shut up right now. He doesn’t know how she managed to form such a thin unimpressed line out of her at some point heavily injection-improved lips, but she just fucking went and did it like it’s no big deal. She’s mimic talented even if scarce, he’ll give her that.
“Because that’s true,” Castiel says, fierce and pained. This is exactly how they ended up here.
“Of course you didn’t,” Castiel comments surprisingly coolly. “You only watch the news when it’s convenient for you to nag at my,” and there go the fucking air quotes, un-fucking-believable, “mistakes.”
“Not doing this for you,” Dean snarls as he opens the door.
“Yeah,” he tells Castiel instead because there’s no point in bringing any of that up.
“Get out of my fucking body! Get out of my fucking head! Get out!”
“Okay.”
“Dean,” Cas begs, “this is the only thing I could have done to help you,” he explains. “Sam and I are running out of time.”
“By sex and genocide. Great job, by the way.”
Castiel looks at him tiredly.
The thumb of the hand begins to pet Dean’s neck and it feels almost comforting and benign until Castiel speaks. And it has nothing to do with sympathy over thirty years on a rack.
Well, fuck. That’s not Lisa. Can’t be Lisa. He remembers now. Remembers everything. Whatever serenity he built up in the past fifteen seconds, is gone and not to be ever regained. The fact that he’s still here, breathing, graced with Cas’s presence and lack of exits, strongly indicates that something inside of him lost the fight at some point. This is the worst life of Dean’s life so far.
“Are you PMSing and taking this out on me, Dean?”
“Like what,” he huffs. “Like you let me?”
“I love this plan. This is my favorite plan. You have all three of my blessings,” Castiel concludes. “Wonderful advice, Dean. Please, take it. I promise you won't regret.”
“What’s gonna be over soon?! What’s okay?!” Frenetically and instinctively, Dean looks around the room for an escape path. But yeah, no windows, no doors. No nothing. Oh. His eyes shift to Cas’s face. It’s morbidly fucking crestfallen. Fucking conscience-stricken. Goddamn sad. “What did you do, Castiel,” Dean whispers.
But if Cas loved him, he’d never agree on Dean’s plan.
Crowley snorts. “You still trust him enough to believe that? Amazing. You truly make the perfect wife material. So loyal and supportive. Castiel must be really happy with his choice.”
“In case of what. What calls for this particular precaution. The one where I no longer freely operate this transformer you put me in. That one precaution.”
“Do you remember the vow?”
But, since he honestly has no other options that wouldn’t involve the grand finale of slaughtering innocents while he watches, Dean fucking moves. Onward to Cas’s victory it is, then. His legs are suddenly weak and his breath melts into the back of his lungs and throat. In his head, the “Married with children” theme starts to play and there is no way he can make it stop because fuck his life threefold. Trying to ignore everything that is so desperate to wreak havoc in his body, he makes it to Cas’s side, where he allegedly now belongs (not without regrets).
“That’s stupid,” he snarls. “In fact, so are you.”
“He’ll be here any minute.”
Castiel raises his right hand and waits until it gets Dean’s attention. He slightly bends his little finger.
Castiel looks up and realizes he let the tension out of himself too soon. It returns, ten-fold as strong.
That’s enough to scare him: there’s not a single part of Dean that understands how to reconcile
“Hello, Dean.”
“I’ve seen my mistakes. You don’t have to repeat them to me.”
Nadya, most likely processing the nickname and assessing Dean's fucking damage, looks at him bewildered in a Castiel-like manner. Dean kind of wants to beg her not to do that.
“Just told you? Your hearing would get much, much better if only you pulled your head out of that ass of yours, you know. Ate things, didn’t bother to check the ingredients list. Ain’t it always the problem with you stupid babies? Sad for you, actually.” It smiles again timidly, with fake politeness. “Because we’re still inside you! So, as far as retribution goes, unless you know how to eat yourself, you can go and suck on these balls,” it says, pointing at Dean’s crotch. “Or the space where they once were.”
“Dean.”
And yeah, he’s not, but it doesn’t matter anymore. In fact, it didn’t matter from the very start.
The saddest goddamn thing is that in the past days of his countless spells and wards, picket fence life there was nothing, absolutely nothing, solid enough to support that stupid conviction, and Dean knew it, but foolishly went for benefit of a doubt as if Castiel in any way deserved it at this point. As if giving it to anyone who he ever let close to himself and then got double crossed by wasn’t the exact thing that always, without a single exception and without abuse of trust, would come back to bite him in the ass so hard there was very little of him left to gather later.
“I fixed your brother, Dean,” he announces, standing by the bed, where Dean’s chest still doesn’t rise and fall like it should. “Now come back to me.” Bitterly, he thinks,
, Castiel tells himself immediately) Dean’s soul, he didn’t waste his thoughts on coming up with any ideas regarding what it can possibly look like or what shape it would take. In his mind, as his palm kept washing over Dean’s ribs in an excruciatingly slow and all-devouring, loving wave (wanting more, wanting again, wanting it back), there was only reminiscence of Dean’s flushed, burning skin and his wordless songs of passion from few nights ago. Touching him like this alone drives him out of his mind. Out of billions of his minds. Makes him swell and throb with sorrow. He’s not going to lose it. He’s not going to lose Dean. So no matter what inexplicable atrocity the one damn soul that keeps fighting and never lets itself get safely tucked in under layers and layers of his holy love has contorted into, he’s going to find Dean since he clearly has lost himself. He’s going to put him back together. And he’s going to put him back where he belongs. He can do that. He can do everything.
Dean doesn't even know how to answer that. Or how exactly Bobby clarified that. He just sighs into the phone, because really. The joy of midlife crisis sprinkled with biblical complexes is just that breathtaking.
“You don’t know fear yet,” he murmurs, kissing his temple. “I’ll fix that,” he promises. “You’re gonna pray for the Darkness to gulp in your soul soon,” he adds. “Goodnight, Dean,” he kisses him once more, and with that, he disappears.
It points out with joy.
“No,” he says. “That's not what I meant, Dean. It's just painful to have you automatically assume I would hurt you on purpose without a reason.”
“I’m in the middle of fixing it when there was no one else to do it.”
“You?” Dean cuts in in disbelief. “Responsible? Cas, you were convinced you had thorns that could scare off tigers. But you were just a child, Cas. A terrified kid who broke everything.” Dean finally puts away his tools and washes his hands in a basin placed nearby. “Because you didn’t trust me. And then you’ve manipulated me into this because you didn’t trust me to make my own choice. You broke Sam and then you bribed me with him. Why?”
“Well, that’s exactly what you’ve said. And I call horse shit. Death did it in a blink,” Dean huffs in a demeaning and accusatory tone.
“I can get creative.”
“Of course it’s not. But your perspective is the only one that matters, right?” Dean smiles bitterly. “Any special effects I should expect from this sudden gain? Headaches? Clairvoyance? Augury?”
The waitress who just passed him gave him the most indignant glare he’s ever been given - and it must be said, in the past forty days he got a load of those. The real problem about the woman is how she looks. It makes him swallow hard. How does Dean know? Her green pools of venom tells him that he knew. He really knew. Taking in his confused expression, she tsks and turns around on her heel, rushes past him, movements of her limbs and hips all sharp anger. This is going to be a problem, most likely. Tense, he makes it to Dean’s table. Upon sitting down he releases all the air he has no idea he’s been holding. He sighs for what he thinks is at least twelve years.
That all changes when Dean touches Cas’s stomach.
It’s shortly past eleven in the morning and Springfield continues to burn when the bathroom stills in quiet.
Eventually and with bitter resignation, he goes to Sam’s room and simply fixes him. No effort. It never was. He doesn’t wake him up. Not that he cares about Sam’s possible anger, he just doesn’t want to deal with it yet. Not when Dean’s, well, is not.
Dean sits down on the bed in defeat. He covers his face with his hands and starts to cry. Something moves inside of him again, but he tries to ignore it, until he hears a small worried voice reverberating through his body:
“Yeah,” Dean chuckles unevenly, “you do that.”
“No,” Castiel speaks with such patronizing softness and it makes Dean’s insides contort in shame. “You’re an idiot. Tell me, Dean. Which is worse?”
Dean thinks about Illinois, now. He thinks about the noise that would break glass and make his brain bleed, would send him on his knees, panicking, weak, close to falling deaf, desperate to run to the edge of the world on all fours just to make it
“You once asked me to throw you into the sun,” he says and it makes no sense to Dean. “I will.”
Dean feels like a moldy piece of bread lying on the road. A dying piece of moldy bread. On an asphalt road which gets rolled back every evening at 6 p.m. because it’s that far into the middle of nowhere.
“Fine,” he groans as he spreads his legs a little wider.
“Look at me, Dean.” Castiel sighs. “This is how it looks when I don’t clean up,” he points out and it just messes with Dean’s stomach in seven different ways - the way how he says it like it’s nothing. “And I always clean up.” He lets go, finally. Mojos the wounds from his fingers, all the blood off his shit suit, the only testimony of some unknown slaughter, away. Too bad it soaks into Dean’s bones to haunt him instead of being erased as Castiel wants it to be. “Unless I’m interrupted,” he adds pointedly. “I was healing in here. It’s a big house with lots of work to do. Accidents happen. And I tend to what’s mine.”
“No,” he repeats himself because first of all, he does not want to be drugged with any kind of mojo, thanks a fuck, and secondly, that’s still his most accurate answer to everything. “My stomach will regain its physical form on its own,” he adds, trying to focus on his surroundings because they’re much more interesting than Cas and his newly discovered drug nurse kink that resembles a Silent Hill level of creepy shittery far too much.
Castiel nods slowly. Perhaps he gets it, at least to some extent. Perhaps not.
Somehow, that hurts more than the Devil’s fist.
“You made your choice, now show some integrity. Do you think I have the whole evening to watch you pout and cry like Mary under the cross, Dean? Close your fist. Now. Last warning. You have two seconds. Use them wisely and close it.”
It kind of raises the question now, in Dean’s suddenly fear-speechless head, on what fucking grounds did he even think that the burning, eyeful, haloed hydra with wings wouldn't eventually eat his face when it literally has been designed, programmed and equipped to eat his face?
See, this is the bed for his brother. He’ll kiss his temple softly and he’ll tell him goodnight, he’ll call him by his little name – for the last time and for the first time of plenty when the old teeth will sink under his skin, draw blood, collect tears.
“Let me calm you down.” And with that, he reaches out with his fingers towards Dean.
“I'm not talking about God,” she clarifies, which has to mean there's more than one resident asshole in this house and frankly? That's beyond Dean's capacity to comprehend right now. “I'm talking about Jeremy,” she adds, making sure Dean gets the
It calls him again, distressed, confused. But at least not hurt, which is something. The whole ethical dilemma of monsterness is a problem for future him, if there even is a future him to tackle that.
Dean walks to it through the sand, his ultima thule at Cas’s door.
‘Live’ isn’t the word Dean would exactly choose, if he were able to pick.
While Castiel is happily occupied bustling around the little chest of drawers in the corner and prepares his heavenly surprise, Dean takes his seat with caution and inspects the sore thumb of a deal with much more scrutiny and suspicion than any phone should probably inspire. Looking at it, Dean wonders if it's going to ring any moment now because the nineties will call and demand their rightful belonging back. It has a cord, for fucks sake.
Castiel’s expression changes to pure confusion.
“It’s just milk,” Dean proceeds flatly, “for a whole different bitter coffee,” he bothers to explain. “Bad milk,” he comments upon taking another sip. “Trust me, I’ve tasted it.”
Hours pass, the world breathes while Dean doesn’t, but for the time being he lets it corrupt itself further. There is still no sign either of life or of a solution and he’s holding Dean’s hand, his forehead on Dean’s arm, where the handprint, the claim, once lied, mistakenly taken back merely a year before:
“How are you holding up, son?” Bobby asks, soft, concerned, “How’s he treating you?”
Dean expected many things from Cas after the last fall out, but calling himself God was not one of those things. Stupidly, he thought their contempt for the person and position was shared, but now it turned out to be simply a matter of substitution. And Dean doesn’t like where this is going even though he’s got no idea where that is. It just feels a whole new level of wrong. It’s been three days since he left off and nothing has happened yet, not that he knows of. Somehow, it’s even more terrifying.
But the bell doesn’t mean food anymore. Dean blinks his misery away—there’s never been a benefit from showing vulnerability, not for him.
The ‘back in my day we were learning to sow and accidentally domesticating horses, now all y’all have cars and they don’t even shit’ kind of way. And if he says ‘visual drama’ again he will punch himself. How many dumb t-shirts can his mouth make, for fuck’s sake. But he just doesn’t know what to say anymore.
“I’m having pregger lady morning sickness, I can’t.”
“Come on, you just take a potato and get shit done.”
Small stains of blood. Easy to scratch off. Not old.
It’s for now. For all his days of misbehavior when every single step will be marked with regret and, hopefully, deep reconsideration of choices.
“If it’s because you want him to look at you when you fuck him, you can just make him, you know? You’re not, just not, going to get the real deal back. Or your name. Considering the astronomical size of the horse you’ve fallen off, you’re the biggest loser in this house. And you’re competing with a bunch of refugees, a comatose prop, and, your favorite, the blackmailed, pregnant, trapped abusee who used to think you hung the moon, once.”
There’s a pause. Silence of tiny monster baby cogs turning, thinking. Dean doesn’t remember what words are, in his mouth there’s just sandpaper and thorns. He looks at the surface of water again, livid that he can’t let it take him dead gone and away. It’s just not fair.
“What is it, then?”
And, since he’s just that stupid, he fucks the script and kneels. Not to Cas, but to them. Castiel allows this for exactly two seconds before he gently pulls him back up and maneuvers Dean into his firm grasp. Cas smiles, radiant and wide, eyes burning through him with choking passion.
But of what? Dean doesn’t know. He doesn’t pry because if Castiel was willing to give him something less cryptic, he’d already offer it.
“There,” he announces when he’s ready and that’s pretty much it, a moment later Cas’s hands are all over him, diligent, professional, knowing what they’re doing all too well. Like it’s the hundredth time they do it. It’s not and it’s quite sad. Dean dared to expect something else in his dreams. Real, not alien and foreign passion (this is artificial). Tenderness. Kisses. But they don’t waste time on niceties. With every touch the need pooling low inside of him rises and entangles him. Not him – his body. He, on the other hand, is detached and Cas seems to have very thin strings connecting him to the experience as well.
Dean on his end feels like he's been thrown into an alternate dimension because Castiel's act looks just that convincing and fuck, maybe he even believes that, but it doesn't change the truth that nothing of this is close to what he's really doing and what he's really doing has nothing to do with Dean’s comfort, nothing to do with his happiness, and nothing to do with making things up for him. The only common denominator perhaps is the bit about Castiel’s strength. He really fucking enjoys being strong and in control, now doesn't he.
Crowley raises his eyebrows, but snaps his fingers and disappears. Dean stares at the space where he stood. He wishes he could do that, too.
Dean is irrationally amused that the little monster doesn’t even question why would its father be made of throbbing buttholes. Almost as if it went without saying. As if the kid already knew well enough that Castiel, ruler of the universe, in fact is. This is a good start.
“O, tempura! O, s’mores! To be verminized like this by a lower form of creation! Woundeddd… not,” it cackles, voice grating beyond Castiel’s scarce will to bear it.
“I haven’t seen anything about it on TV,” he says, feeling more than suspicious, which says a lot, since being suspicious about Cas’s actions is his new default setting.
It doesn’t stop him from putting a layer of butter on his bread, though.
“I supposed its longevity would emphasize the strength of our union,” Castiel admits. “Our bond,” he corrects himself. Like it matters.
Cas exhales slowly. His gaze softens.
Makes perfect sense, considering the fact that names which would mean ‘Castiel shits on every single one of you’ or ‘God fucks Dean’ didn’t make it to the books. Yet.
“Dean.” Soft but with a buried edge to it, fake calm just like the sea before it gets shit done. “What was that?” But most of all, it demands attention. Like five seconds ago.
Looking at Dean fondly, he smiles. “I wouldn’t be wrong, would I,” he sighs. “My poor, little mess,” he adds with evident pity. “You understand that I must put him back together before he hurts himself, don’t you?”
At the beginning of a new day, there are threats. At first subtle, like:
