, though?”
“There’s a difference?”
“Right that, Constable! Good evening!” The ringleader waved cheerfully. Judith chuckled and flagged down a passing vacant taxi with it’s light on after doing a head-count. There were six of them. Shaking her head, she raised her traffic-whistle to her lips and hailed down another oncoming cab for the revelers.
“Oh, thank you, Judith! Bless you!” Someone kissed her on the forehead and she scrunched her nose. She hadn’t sang for anyone in years, let alone put words to Down to the River to Pray. She sang the first couple of verses by herself, Baxter picking up accompaniment, followed by Donovan, who startled Judith with her rather lovely alto.
“Someone’s stealing litters of Dalmatian puppies? How long has
“It was decent work.” He shrugged. Maybe not respectable work, but it kept him busy. “What else?”
“No, God, no.” He sighed, “No, John and Sherlock have kept me company. Mycroft was here twice, and your friend Strange came by once.”
“I think I was hoping if I said yes, just once, he would leave me alone after he figured out I
Is có a dhleasas crùn nan seud?
“Listen, I don’t care if it’s coming, going, or otherwise.
you.”
Judith bids farewell to her Army career and returns to London. With no real plan for her future, she assists Sherlock on a case and meets Greg Lestrade. Who may not be a complete stranger after all. And she is presented with the opportunity to take part in a rather unusual hobby.
“What did you see?”
“That was amazing!”
Whatever Jim Moriarty had done to Judith Watson, she was in bad shape. She had lost consciousness during the ride from Camden Sports Center to Saint Bart’s and hadn’t woken up yet. But she didn’t want for visitors, there was almost
“And this wasn’t exactly something you wanted to risk getting around if things went south.”
“He likes to cuddle after a case like this last one, Jude. That’s all.” John said as he handed over his black shooting jacket and headed into the kitchen to make tea after toeing off his shoes, “But he’s a bit of an octopus, just so you know.”
“I wasn’t seeing things. You were there.”
me?!”
“John! What’s  going on?”
.” He rolled so he was facing Sherlock properly, “You see things the rest of us can’t or don’t, you
“There’s been an accident, apparently.” Judith came to the table, “I’m supposed to be upset about this?”
“You make the slightest move towards that phone, I’ll kill yer.” The cabbie snapped, trying to sound menacing. It didn’t work very well. Sherlock was a clever man, a detective, a government agent. Very little legitimately frightened him anymore.
“Oh, Jesus.” John coughed, nearly choking on a mouthful of coffee, “Is it
“Hey, are you gonna be alright, Watson?” Lestrade followed her to the door, “Your day was about as bad as mine was.”
“That’s all you have to worry about. Usually, we do the press-cons at ten, yeah?”
“I don’t want them, but Sherlock thinks I do.”
“Jesus, child!” Gerald Almond shook his head and set her down, looking her over with sharp eyes, “You ain’t with The Met, are ya?”
“Yes, Mycroft?”
“My god, sir!” She ended up sitting on the floor of the train-car between his legs, knowing she probably looked ridiculous and not caring, “Last I heard of
called me! Jesus, Judith!”
“Nothing extra for you.” Magnus’s smile widened a bit and he worried his lip for a moment. He had the chance to personalize these rings. But what on earth would he put down?
She took off for Baker Street, lights and sirens on, and they made the twenty-minute drive in easily half that.
“Yep.” Greg patted her on the shoulder, “Want me to take over questioning Hope?”
“Ugh. You Holmes boys are impossible! That’s not regulation and you know it!” Judith shook her head, “You know today was supposed to be my day off!”
“Yes.”
“No, you’ve been a great help! Send John on to Baker Street, will you?”
“Good night, Mrs Hudson!”
“Prat!” She teased, “Not nice, sir!”
“How did…?”
“At least give me the courtesy of my fucking name, Mycroft! Jesus! I know you don’t like me, but this is a new low for you!” He snarled, stepping back from the desk and falling into parade-rest, a default when he was under stress, his eyes some incongruous dark colour that couldn’t quite be named. Pulling his shoulders back, hesitating a bit on the left due to the injury that had knocked him out of service and left him struggling to piece his life back together when he was finally out of the hospital, he tilted his chin and stared down the powerful man on the other side of the desk.
“That’s fine.”
“Mine? Or yours?” He couldn’t help it. John just coughed in surprise.
“Greg, you’re a cop, you see crazy stuff all the time. You look me in the face and tell me it’s not possible and I call you a liar.” She unwrapped her sandwich, “You never met my parents, did you?”
When he found himself in the back of a car after having his rights read to him, he didn’t dare breathe a sigh of relief. But when minutes passed and no one else was put into the car next to him, he began to wonder. The man who had arrested him stood just outside the car, leaning against it as he made a phone call to someone. The window was open just a bit and John could hear every word.
“Mean, it
“Hmm?” He looked up and saw ... well, that would have to be Sherlock standing by his car. “Oh. Where’s Rosie?”
physical contact, it was rarely friendly and more rarely consensual, but John...he was different. He was safe and had only ever treated Sherlock respectfully. He wandered into the bathroom after a while to do something with his hair and caught John’s reflection in the mirror as he stood in the doorway with his jumper in one hand.
“That didn’t answer my question.” Greg had no idea she was related to Mycroft’s boss, and someone who probably had bit more than a little to do with seeing to it that Claudia Hendricks and Beverley Hughes were no longer a threat to either of their families.
“Nonsense!” Before she could say no again, M picked up her desk-phone and dialled an extension, “Q, patch up the camera footage to my office, please. Yes, all of them. Thank you.”
! You’re Rachel Donovan’s girl Sally!” Sarah grinned, showing a few missing teeth, “All grown up now, right, and off to work for New Scotland Yard? Haven’t you gone some high places?” Judith looked at Donovan, who didn’t look as ashamed as she probably should have.
“John, get her inside.” Judith put herself between her brother’s landlady and the ladder, “I’ll take care of this one.” She slid on her sling-ring and opened a sling-portal onto the slopes of Mount Everest. Before the assassin could react, she shoved her full weight against the ladder and toppled it. He pitched through the portal into the snow-field on the other side and she sealed the portal before he hit the ground. The ladder crashed against the wall, but that was one threat minimized. Her radio squawked and she took a frantic call from Sally.
“Sherlock Holmes.”
“Yeah?”
“What if I don’t take either?” Sherlock’s gaze flickered briefly to the window but he quickly turned his attention back to the cabbie.
“Who did you come with?”
“You don’t still sing, do you, Jude?” Baxter asked from somewhere to her right. Judith nodded.
“I don’t suppose you’re a religious man?”
“I did my
“St. Bart’s? You’re fucking kidding me, right?” But Mycroft’s expression said otherwise. No, he was really quite serious. John snorted. “I’m not about to spend the rest of my life teaching a bunch of snot-nosed ungrateful med-school grads who can’t keep their patients alive long enough to figure out what's wrong with them!”
!” He shook his head fiercely, felt the sting behind his eyes, the tremor in his left hand, “She
John sounded very calm, but very concerned, “
“And the victim?”
, we’re thousands of miles from our jobs. You kind of jumped this on me last-minute, and I love it!” Judith turned to Greg, “I love
“You’re an idiot.”
“That.” She thumbed over her shoulder as the door clicked open. It didn’t open all the way, and Mycroft never showed himself, but the door was very obviously open.
could do to stop me.” Sherlock was
“It was years ago. I was bullied as a child, usually for being too smart.” He frowned and sat down beside her, “I was being pushed around by a group of much older kids, secondary-school age, as I was walking home from school. I thought my brother would step in to drive them away, but…you showed up first.”
had it really been him. Someone with John’s face, or a figment of a troubled, sleep-deprived mind clinging to something familiar, a fragment of an old life discarded for a quest to rid the world at large of a subtle, smiling threat. But he’d done it, he had finally, really, done it. The last of Moriarty’s network was eradicated, he had also managed a few peripheral threats to ensure the continued safety of his family and loved ones, even if they never knew he’d done a thing.
I’ll be mad at you.” John reached between them and took his hand, “And don’t forget, son, you’re engaged to a bloody sorcerer, good luck sneaking anything past
“Are you alright, John?” Sherlock asked in a soft voice.
“What?” John gave the tall, silver-haired detective a long look as soon as they were both out.
“Well, right now? We’re going home. Mrs Hudson should be asleep, probably won’t wake her.”
“I’m not very good at people, but you…stayed. You kept staying, you didn’t leave, and when I lied to you and didn’t deserve forgiveness, you forgave me for lying to you for our sakes, my sake, and hurting you like you never deserved to be hurt,” Sherlock looked out the window for a moment, collecting his thoughts, “Then you came and found me and put me right again and helped me. I never wanted to ask you to do that, I never wanted you to give up the chance of a normal, happy life.”
will you tell me where we’re going?” She bugged him over the mic on her headset. It blocked out most of the rotor-noise of the Airbus H145.
until this morning!”
“Oh. Well, to be honest, I didn’t really have much to do with him once I thought it might not be such a bad idea to take his too-good-to-refuse offer.”
“Call a car in Soho to pick up John Watson.” Greg took her phone.
“And he does have a passion for definite and exact knowledge.”
are you?” Palmer whispered as they worked over Stephen’s unconscious form.
“John!” She called him back, “Get in! I’ll drive!”
“Oh, stop!”
“Yeah, like that’s gonna happen!”
He quickly pulled down a white sundress and a pair of silver flats. He tossed the clothes and adequate small-clothes into a small bag and headed out.
“You didn’t have to.” He smiled, “I knew you would take two.”
“My dear son. I am so, so sorry.” Her voice was gentle, soothing, the scent of ancient forests overwhelming the stench of her work. “It has been so long. I have thought of you every day.”
“Hello, Christine!”
“You…know James Bond?”
It wasn’t much longer before the door of 221B slammed shut, causing Mrs Hudson to shout up at them.
“Good evening, Constable.”
“I know.” He said softly, shaking his head, “I knew as soon as I got here. Think it was Timo?”
you tan up beautifully.” Greg’s smile turned wicked and she had enough sense to close up the suitcase and move it off the bed before she ended up
“Perhaps.” She bit her lip as Moriarty…no, Jim, took her hand in his hand bowed to offer up a proper gentleman’s kiss.
“Nah, she’s not even my wife anymore.” Richard handed him a stack of papers, “Divorce contract, signed and sealed and notarized two days ago. Do whatever the hell you want with her.”
“Moriarty, you fucking bastard!” John snarled,
twins.”
They ran their ten-mile loop around Kensington, Hyde, and St. James’s. When they made their return circuit and looped past Mycroft’s flat on Chester Place, noting the light on in the front window, Judith decided to check on the wards she had placed on the flat.
“She ... should be. I saw her a minute ago.”
“What’s on the other side of this wall?” He inquired.
“Can’t
“Both of us to the other.”
“Alright, gents, I’ll get this started and be back to see how it’s going in a bit!” Bryan said cheerfully after double-checking their orders. “Do you need anything else right now?”
“Does this mean we get a chance to be a proper family, John?” There was a tiny glimmer of hope in Sherlock’s eyes.
“Claddagh.” He lifted one from the tray, “Oh, this is exactly what I wanted! Everything said in a ring!” He had written Judith’s ring-size on the back of the card that had gotten him to Magnus’s shop, and he flipped the card over to compare the size written down to the selection available. He knew his ring-size by heart, wouldn’t ever forget it, but hadn’t worn his band since Judith and Sally had pinned his vengeful, stupid ex-wife to his desk and taken her down without much of a fuss.
“Yes, but it may be pushed to excess.” Stamford screwed up his face a bit. “When it comes to beating the subjects in the morgue, it is certainly taking rather a bizarre shape.”
“You had a wonderful voice, I remember.” Gerald was smiling, she didn’t need to see his face to know. She sighed, wondering if she should go for it here. She still planned to spend the rest of her evening at Maroush, but there were a few hours yet before she had to be anywhere.
After a few months, he popped up on CCTV in Trafalgar Square, and again on Vauxhall Bridge. It was obvious he’d been out of the country, but with no credit-card to track, there was no telling where he’d been. It was a very different John Watson who returned to London from Gods alone knew where, and after following him by camera and spook for two weeks, which he was surprisingly allowed to do without any fuss, Mycroft lost track of him again. This kept up for a long while, John resurfacing for a few days before disappearing again. Never a word was spoken, just a quick nod to a camera before he ducked into a crowd or dark alleyway and vanished like a ghost.
“Them’s the breaks, love.” Greg squeezed her hand and kissed her on the cheek as he got up and went to the door. He wasn’t gone very long, and returned with Mike Stamford in tow. Now that she was awake, she was one step closer to getting out of here. She could go home soon. And she missed home. She missed her routine, she missed waking up next to Greg, she missed her cats.
“I’ve
“Because I
“Don’t go anywhere without it, son.” She kicked her door open and ran around to the back of the Rover, pulling open the boot and pulling out two boxes full of cold-case files for Sherlock.
Suddenly, he heard a commotion outside his office and hoped to god it wasn’t Sherlock. He heard Sally Donovan’s voice, trying desperately to tell someone off. Not Sherlock. He hadn’t closed his door all the way, and it crashed open as whoever had come for him stormed into the office. He watched, wincing, as the door almost hit John, who calmly reached out and caught the door before it slammed into him.
“Take it.”
“Your friends will die if you don’t.” Jim’s voice became far more hostile. This wasn’t a game anymore.
“You think it was the same collector, then?”
“Oh, and one more thing before I take off.” He reached over and took the biro from Sherlock.
“Yes, Mrs Hudson. He keeps a cat.”
“Well, Mycroft certainly didn’t waste any time, did he?” John muttered, pulling down his worn-out copy of Frankenstein.
“We’re very sorry, Mrs Hudson. Really.” John looked up the stairs, “Everything upstairs as we left it?”
invisible. Something was coming for Sherlock, Jim had some awful game planned, and she hated being caught in the middle.
“What the hell are you doing?”
“Never leave without it. My reputation stands and most people aren’t stupid enough to take on a veteran anyway, never mind the fallen Doctor Watson.” John wrinkled his nose, “We’ll have to come up with something, Sherlock, now that we’re back in Baker Street. I can’t work as a doctor anymore.”
“That’s just what?” Sherlock turned to look at him, almost surprised that someone had stopped him, that someone had the
rachamaid sios, thugnamaid sios;
“Not usually. I hate that.”
“Bloody Detective Constable, Watson! That’s what!”
“Well, you would! And have! I can't let you do that again now, can I, Inspector?” Moriarty turned a slick, sickening smile on Lestrade, “You wouldn't want to put your own job in jeopardy again, would you?”
“Yes, Singapore.” John chuckled, “You really should ask your brother about that mission some time. It was quite...memorable.”
“Every single one.” Sherlock just smiled a bit. “Sentimental, I know.”
“Yes!”
.” Kitty did not take that threat seriously, of course, and just sniffed the mug as Sherlock took another sip.
dogs, but this kind of dedication is a little unusual for you two.” Greg flipped through the file, “I mean, you’re always meticulous and focused, but this…”
going?”
“Oh, there you are.” He pushed the door open. “What are you
“Just past eleven. You two look terrible! Long night?”
“Of course. You’d…better go up. He looked rather out of sorts.”
“Alright, alright, the both of you, knock it off.” She rolled her eyes and stepped between the two agents, “I could hear you carrying on outside. What’s going on?” She looked from one to the other.
going to live this down!” Judith got out first and looked over the roof of the car at the tape-line a few yards distant, “How are we going to explain this?”
“It’s not your fault.”
“Bullshit. Why didn’t you
curious scrutiny. She paid a bit more attention and tracked the source to a pair of men sitting across from her on the train. They didn’t look
“How did I not know you were a helicopter pilot once?”
“Greg.” He shot his future brother-in-law a sly grin, “So, I don’t need to ask what kind of trouble brought you out to Dartmoor.”
“She wouldn’t stop fighting, Boss.”
“So, you were basically setting aside funds for your children after you died.”
“Can’t you
“I know you both
He still remembered the first time he and John had reunited and the month of recovery that followed when John made him sit still long enough. He had stumbled into the cramped, dank flat in Dublin after taking out one of Jim Moriarty’s high-level operatives, drenched and bleeding. It hadn’t taken him the time necessary to close and lock his door to realise he had company, less than that to realise he had a friend.
“A collector.” Sherlock was already building an Evidence Wall, “John, what should we call this one?”
I don’t care to know what
“Dismissed?”
“Mm-hmm.”
“I think so.” Greg ruffled his hair with his free hand, “Well, fuck.”
“John!”
He had only met the man once, heard him speak a handful of words, but he recongized Judith’s brother’s voice right away.
“It was on your dashboard, you must have left it there. Oh, no, no, Queenie, that’s not good.” He smiled and pocketed her notebook before coming around to lift the cat off of her legs. At some point, the friendly Maine Coon had decided to involve herself. “Don’t do that, darling. You must be gorgeous when you’re all cleaned up right, yeah?”
“Was it all of them that tripped him, or just your brother?”
you. And since you no longer have your precious coat, you’ll never be free!” Moriarty snarled, eyes blazing with malice that Sherlock felt in his gut.
the bed.
is how you kiss a bloke.” He said, breath harsh against soft, shapely lips. He dropped back on his heels and smiled at Sherlock. “Now, off you pop!
“You think they went to find the puppies?”
“Yes, of course!” Riyah just smiled at her and pulled the curtain on a small changing-stall, “Off with that uniform of yours, eazizi.” Judith chuckled and carefully removed and folded aside each piece of her uniform, stacking her boots on top when she was done. She had showered yesterday while in Germany, but a cursory wipe-down with damp flannel did a quick job to freshen up. After getting into her costume, wondering when on earth Mycroft’s people had dropped it off at Maroush and how he could have possibly known, Judith sat still to let Riyah do something about hair and makeup.
“Such as?”
two of us. I would suggest you try not to make the same mistake again.” He thought about that for a minute and made a face Lachey didn’t see. “Well, you won’t get a chance to make the same mistake again, unfortunately. It’s prison for you.”
sleeping on that couch, Dio.” Sherlock said dismissively as he hung his coat on the back of the door, “Don’t even think of it.”
“Huh.” Lestrade sized up John and his eyes narrowed. John, knowing he was under scrutiny, stood perfectly still, at rest, stance relaxed but alert. Lestrade ventured closer and circled the Summer Fey carefully, stroking the material of his coat and taking one hand. As with most Shapeshifters, John was prohibitively protective of his pelt, but he allowed Lestrade to study his hood and collar.
“What makes you say that?”
“Holy hell! That’s the time?!”
bad?”
“I’ll introduce you to Doctor Hooper first, she’ll be in her office right now,” Mike said in the lift.
“Hmm?”
Judith couldn't stifle an annoyed sound when they heard a low claxon. Someone had come to Sanctorum, probably looking for Stephen.
“Where is he?”
?” John turned his head and kept his hands behind his back. That was Sherlock’s cue and as they had discussed, he stepped out of the house in Belstaff, scarf, and deerstalker. After a while, it was clear he would never get a word in edgewise, so John raised one hand and things got very quiet very quickly. Looking at Sherlock, who mouthed “Thank you”, he gave a subtle wink. He would always look after Sherlock’s interests. Facing the expectant throng, Sherlock had just two words for them: “Not. Dead.” John snorted, keeping a straight face. The interviews took a bit longer than
“Jude?” John called softly, “Sal?”
After he had booked Beverly Watson into jail, Greg went back to his desk to cut down on some of the paperwork that had been festering there. It was gone three before he bothered to check the time. He informed the family right away, speaking again with John, who seemed to be the family’s designated representative for this mess.
“Ah, Donovan.” Sherlock faced off against a feisty sergeant with dark skin and a bigger attitude problem than hers. Judith looked over her shoulder.
Judith had no idea how long it had been since the incident at Camden Sports Center, but she did not wake up alone once she regained awareness of the physical world. Trying to protect herself after the stand-off at the pool, she had taken refuge in her mind. Stephen Strange had come to London for the sole purpose of pulling her back to the physical world, and she was grateful for that. When she resurfaced to the sound of steady, strident beeping, she knew she was in a hospital. She remembered Stephen telling her that. Judith forced her eyes open, blinking into dim low-light. After-hours, well after visiting-hours for certain, but she wasn’t alone in the private hospital room. It wasn’t John, or Sherlock, or Strange at her bedside. It was Greg. He looked terrible, like he hadn’t slept in weeks. How long had she been out? Judith moved fingers, toes, stretched stiff muscles, and contemplated waking Greg up. But he looked peaceful in his sleep, she didn’t really want to disturb him. But this was someone used to sharing the same bed with her, attuned to her every nocturnal twitch and shuffle. He would be on hair-trigger alert. If her
“Thank you, sir. I knew a lot of good people in the Army, good friends of mine, a selfless lot all of them. Smart, selfless, braver than I’ll ever be.”
“Did you tell him?”
“I absolutely did. Besides, I know you’ll take better care of yours than Bond takes care of the Aston.”
“For what?”
“Before he kills again.” Sherlock nodded and went to speak to Lestrade and Donovan.
“But I don’t ... ”
“Maybe.” She sniffed, “Are we going to Saint Mary’s?”
“Of course, dear.” She stirred up the flames in the fireplace until a healthy blaze was going to warm the place up a bit.
“Oh, I know, I know.” Mycroft just smiled, “But I’d like to wish you a happy birthday in advance on the outside chance I don’t have the opportunity to do so on Thursday. So, happy birthday.”
“Oh my god!”
that. And for the love of Christ, his name is Greg! Greg Lestrade! And if I’m not much mistaken, he’s your fucking brother-in-law! Show a little respect, Sherlock Holmes!”
“The best part of the day was this morning and the drive to get here.” She looked at him, “Get Timo Almond behind bars ASAP, I’ll put word to the rest of his family.”
“Because of your job with MI6, I assume.” Sherlock got out of the cab and stood on the kerb while John paid the fare.
So, what was he doing here? At Hoot Club at eight o’clock on a Wednesday night? It was a strange venue, catering to the LGBTQ community of London, and he could see patrons clustering on the patio and balconies, everything from businessmen and politicos dressed in his brother’s pretentious three-piece affairs to uni students and forty-somethings in crisis wearing torn denims and faded band-shirts and leather or denim jackets. He didn’t see anyone he recognized right away, but as he walked away from the venue, passing under one of the balconies, he heard a familiar laugh and froze. He knew that laugh, he knew what it took to make that man laugh just like that, what he looked like when he did.
“What are
“John?” It was a breath of a name he hadn’t spoken out loud in almost five years. Turning around, he backed up a few paces and looked up at where he thought he’d heard the laughter. No immediate sign of John, but if that hadn’t been him, Sherlock was in far worse shape than he’d thought and hallucinating things that didn’t exist. It wouldn’t be the first time, would it? He had seen far more of John in the past five years than he’d expected to, but not
“Just doing a perimeter check.” She tugged her sling-ring from a pocket on her running-vest. She executed a spell to render the wards visible. Shimmering mandalas and spirals of mystic symbols appeared in a shield-wall against the front of the house, extending out to the gate where they stood on the footpath. There were no signs of any weak spots or splintered spells. Confident that the mystic protection measures were solid, she cleared the visibility spell. Multi-colored sparks showered down on the damp pavement as the wards were rendered invisible again. Beside her, Greg’s eyes were wide with awe.
position! With benefits to boot!”
“Yes, ma’am.” He chuckled and took his leave of the party.
“I’m here for John and Sherlock, but not to arrest them, Mrs. Hudson.”
“I imagine his Glamoured Other Form is exponentially less frightening, and still intimidating. A large dog of some appearance, judging by his pelt.”
“Saw you that night, heard ya, too.”
“He doesn’t really mean it, Greg.”
“Please don’t. I’m not a sir.” The man followed him back upstairs and John wracked his brains trying to figure out what it was that bothered him. It wasn’t the man himself, John was sure of it. It was something about his relationship with Moriarty. For the rest of the evening, he kept an eye on Moriarty’s table. He was just out of view when he heard Moriarty’s voice raised in anger and he went as close as he could without drawing notice.
“Oh, so you
“Might as well.” She held up her hands, “Poor Greg! Actually, it’s all
“And on your first day back you’ve already solved one grisly murder with intent to solve more in the future.” Lestrade chuckled and put one hand on her shoulder, “Come on, Colonel, let’s get off our feet and take a breather.”
“I’ll say you did just dandy, Private.” Judith broke open a pill-packet of anti-emetics and put two pills in his hand, “Take those with water and get your breath back. I’ll have a word with your boss about this, alright?”
“Alright, you two, that’s enough. I’ll pull you boys in later, I guess, or get your reports from Mycroft.”
of his brother’s friends, they had proven themselves valuable to him many times. Making sure respective troublesome family-members were no longer a threat was a simple matter for him.
“But if you go to work for The Met…?”
“Yes, it is, ain’t it?” He grinned crookedly as he passed on his way. Judith shook her head and went back to writing reports while still keeping an eye on him. He got into the empty taxi and she watched the light go on. The late-crowd was still trickling out of the bars following last call, so it didn’t take long to get a fare.
There weren’t many people this morning, it was too cold and too foggy, and they took the stairs down to Paul’s Walk, which was blocked off at the foot of the stairs by tape and a few sleepy-eyed constables. John pulled Sherlock along behind him and approached the tape. They were, of course, stopped. He held onto Sherlock, who looked over the tape, vibrating with excitement, and gave his name to the constables.
“Don’t leave the house without it!” She pulled the sling-ring from her duty-belt and slid it onto her right hand.
“Uh, Ben. Benjamin. Roberts, ma’am.” He looked at her, really looked at her, and his eyes widened, “Oh!”
like John. The man with his back to Sherlock had very short hair, just shy of a buzz-cut, that was some vague shade of greyish blond, and in spite of the cool night wore no jacket. He wore denims that had seen much wear, these tucked into a pair of sturdy black tank-boots, a black cut-off denim jacket over a white vest and a pair of red suspenders. Sherlock could see trails of ink on the man’s arms and realized they were tattoos. He had seen John in all manner of undress and had
“When were you wounded?”
“Is he always like this?” John looked at Greg and Anderson.
“Neither do you!”
“He’s not one of us, so standard precautions are unnecessary.” John proved it to them by executing a revealing spell. There was absolutely no sign of any magic besides their own in the room. “And I didn’t sense any in the house beyond the members of your team who are.”
“Can I help you, sirs?” She looked out at them suspiciously, and he suspected the house had been staked out by the press for a while. He and Sherlock were no strangers to that.
“Swing both ways when the fancy strikes me, Doctor Strange!” She looked over her shoulder, “We can talk about my sexual orientation after we handle Kaecilius!” And speaking of swinging, she caught him slinging a gorgeous red cloak around his shoulders.
The transaction was smooth, and Magnus gave him a box for Judith’s ring. Greg wore his out of the store, a happy, welcome weight on his left hand that had been missing for a while. It would definitely take getting used to, but he was looking forward to it. Wearing his, he knew he would give Judith hers tonight. Or…sooner, perhaps?
?” Christine offered a winning smile. Judith chuckled and looked at Stephen, who shrugged.
“Why don’t you ask
“No. Should I?”
“That’s not the
“Do you have a piece of paper?”
“Wow?” An eyebrow went up at that exclamation.
“Well, they can’t come this time.” Judith set Galileo on John’s chair and took Aristotle from Sherlock, “Maybe on the next run. Queenie was a bit put out when I left her behind this morning, but I didn’t think it would do to bring her along if I wasn’t sure what my schedule looked like.”
“Thanks, John.” She sighed, “Where
It made him miss Sherlock so much more seeing Robby and Hutchison together and he located his phone, opening his photo albums to find a picture of him with Sherlock. It was actually the last picture he had of the two of them together, taken by Greg at a Pub Night with The Met after successfully closing a difficult case. It was the last time he had seen Sherlock alive, that three-am phone-call had come two days later. He’d spent the night at Baker Street, telling Mary he’d been too drunk to drive home from London that night, and Sherlock had asked him for sex. It hadn’t been their first time, but it had been wonderful. At least he had fond memories to remember Sherlock by, if not rather explicit ones.
“Mm, that is a problem, isn’t it?” John chuckled and tilted his head a bit. “Well, I am at your service, Mr Holmes.”
“Nicole will take you to your table, sirs.” The maître d’ indicated the young woman who had taken their coats for them.
He texted back snippily.
Judith was relieved when she returned to base without incident following a successful, low-key patrol. It was almost dark when she pulled her truck into position at the motor-pool and set the brakes. Groaning, she kicked the door open and slipped from the seat, reaching back to fetch her gear out of the truck. Every bone in her body hurt, every muscle ached. It wasn’t that she had experienced any violence, but she was still just…tired. But she was determined to reach her bunk before she collapsed, and managed to kick the door of her quarters shut before anyone could follow her, dumping her things in a heap with a solid-sounding thunk. Downing a couple of Paracetamol with water, she gathered a towel and a bar of bland soap to take a shower. It wouldn’t be hot water, but by God did she need a shower, she hadn’t had a good one for a few days. Shedding her jacket and vest, she headed for the door that led to a small enclosure that functioned as a shower-room. One benefit that came with seniority, she had access to private shower-facilities.
“Met Police, is anyone here?!” She called out warily, listening for any sound that didn’t belong. She heard some rattling by one of the trailers, but it wasn’t unusual for stray animals to get into the sites and take shelter under stacks of equipment. She thought she heard something inside, saw a light, but when she approached, a wary hiss had her stopping in her tracks. Judith froze, focusing her torch on the space beneath the trailer next door. Getting down on her knees, she shone the light there and saw shiny pin-points of light. A shape moved across the beam and she heaved a short sigh of something like relief.
“I worked the conference, of course I remember! You were brilliant, actually. A bit smug, but you knew your business.” He sighed, “I would say I’m sorry, you’ve kind of lost everything you spent years working for.”
Brushing his teeth in the bathroom, his things set up alongside Sherlock’s like they belonged there, like he’d never actually left Baker Street, John felt a knot in his chest loosen up. He hadn’t even been aware of it before, he was so used to being on his guard around Mary for confrontations, and he managed to spit, rinse, and clean his toothbrush before he had to hang onto the sink before he went to his knees. Oh, Christ. She’d tried again, she had tried to kill Sherlock. Maybe even tried to kill John? Would she really
“When I didn’t deserve forgiveness.”
“I was about to insist on it.” She smiled and took the lead.
about it.” He got a dirty look for that and he chuckled. Worth it to at least ask, wasn’t it? And if John decided he wanted to take Sherlock home, wherever that happened to be, Sherlock was not going to turn him down. Just this was fine, chatting over drinks and cigarettes, but he was not against more. He was not against spending the fading hours of the night in John Watson’s bed.
“I think you’d better stand back, sir. Let me handle this.” He murmured, putting one hand on Roben’s shoulder as the cloak rustled and twitched, trying to get it’s wearer’s attention. To let them
But, as they neared their destination, Stamford gave him a few more particulars about the young man.
“Hm, he will. Someone like him? He’ll figure it out.” Greg’s eyes narrowed, “How much of a threat is Mr. Moriarty to London?”
“You won't have to wait very long. But while he is at large and you are both at risk, it is not safe for you in London.”
“What are you on about?”
“Uh, hang on a mo. Something’s just come up.” He was on a phone call and she winced, realizing how much noise she’d made just now, “Can I get back to you, sir? Yeah, thanks. Right away, sir.” He hung up the phone and cleared his desk faster than she’d expected him to.
“Half-four. Here.” A paper cup was pressed into his hands, he drank without question. Sherlock Holmes was the one waking him up this time, not one of the nurses or the assigned physician. He glanced towards the window, where he could see a bit of light. Looking at his watch told him it was four-thirty am. On a normal morning, he’d be getting ready for a run right now. Instead, he had spent the past three nights sleeping on a cramped waiting-room couch, stopping by between shifts at work, hoping for some sign of life.
“Not nearly smart enough for that, I’m afraid.”
“Oh, I may be on the side of the angels, but don’t think for one second that I am one of them.” He turned to the ledge and looked out. Below him, he saw a marked Range Rover pull into the round-about and stop next to the ambulance station. He had managed to shake a Met tail to meet Jim Moriarty on the roof, he was dead certain Sally Donovan had called Judith Watson once she lost sight of him. Now Judith had come back to Saint Bart’s, and he would be damned if John hadn’t followed his sister. Never underestimate the Watsons, it was usually one of the very last mistakes you had the misfortune of making. He had to keep playing along, just a while longer.
Sherlock finds work, and John joins him on a case. And Sherlock learns something about John, something rather important.
“Yes, another victim.” She narrowed her eyes at him, “Now unless you have information for us or a legitimate concern for your little brother’s well-being, you can just go on your way and bother Baker Street another day.”
After walking the grounds of the hospital together for a while, they returned to Judith’s room to find that John had arrived. He stood outside with Sherlock, chatting in low tones. It didn’t seem anything had changed while he and Strange had been out, but that was alright. Strange didn’t stay much longer, of course, but Greg had the feeling it wasn’t the last he’d see of the unusual man. After a few words with John and Sherlock, Greg took the bedside-watch and waited for Judith to wake up. Or at least until he got another call and had a reason to go back to work. Even if he didn’t want to.
“People like me? What kind of people are like me?”
“Oh, it won’t. He’ll act like it’s a shock, but he really is used to this sort of business.” Sherlock looked up from his phone as Greg emerged from the BMW and got a good look at their situation.
“Mind my asking what exactly he is?”
, John.”
“I thought we had an agreement not to mention your brother ever again in the bedroom?”
“Of course I do. They don’t like me.”
“Thanks, Johnny Boy, you’re a gem!” Moriarty just wiggled his fingers and dismissed John like a disobedient pet or petulant child. Reminding himself that killing patrons was a surefire way to lose your job and did
“Inscriptions?” He narrowed his eyes.
O, pheacaich, rachamaid sios,
“Does anyone?”
“Judith, don’t make a target of yourself. Why is he following you?”
“No, no, that’s…it’s fine. It’s all fine.” He looked at her, “Jesus, you’re smart, Watson.”
different?”
“Oh, I did that?”
“I didn’t! I swear I didn’t!” Brook cried, grabbing hold of Judith, shaking so hard
“Who do you
“No.” She smiled and picked up her phone as it buzzed. “Oh, it’s John. Wonder what he wants this early.” She swiped into the incoming call.
“Knew you were hungry.” She smirked.
“You should come and visit us sometime, we’d love to have you.” Judith smiled, “We rather enjoy having guests. Well, my brother, my flat-mate, and I do. Sherlock could really care less. He kind of hates people.”
“Doctor Watson.”
“Mm, sorry.” She smiled shyly, “God, I haven’t seen you at
manages to be a buzz-kill!” She found her phone and answered it.
“What is it?”
“You said you had a cat! Not a demon!”
, how are you doing that?” He rolled his eyes even as Sherlock carefully rolled them so he was on the bottom of the arrangement. That was fine with him. John tugged on the material of Sherlock’s tee-shirt and got it over his head, his own tee-shirt followed in quick like fashion, disappearing from sight as Sherlock tossed it carelessly behind him. He played with messy dark curls as Sherlock made his way down from John’s hairline. It was just the way he did things, and John was happy to let him. He sighed into a kiss, a very selfish kiss. It was as if Sherlock was trying to take every memory of Mary and replace her. John was very happy to let him do that, for as long and as often as he wished. Kissing Sherlock was … it felt right, it felt safe. It was familiar and he didn’t have to pretend it made him happy, that he
“I’m not afraid to get my knuckles bloody.” Judith leant her head back, “I remember your mother being very kind to me.”
“Called me an idiot, though.” Not an ounce of heat or hate behind those words. Sherlock chuckled, a broken sound that got stuck in his throat as John shook two cigarettes loose and put one between his teeth before handing the other one to Sherlock.
“Oh, look. It’s Anderson.” Sherlock hummed, “And Donovan is with him.”
“Yeah. She will. There’s something about Dalmatians, puppies especially, that has her attention and her desire.” He watched Sherlock pace, let him spout off his deductions, and knew that if DeVil, or whoever she had hired to kidnap the Dalmatian puppies of London, struck again, they would take the case and see it solved. Whatever that meant. John was very fond of dogs, all breeds, and had owned a Dalmatian as a boy.
“See? I told you people liked you.”
“Yeah, that’s the one.”
“Well, as much time as it takes before someone tries to interrupt us,” Sherlock said with a smile.
“Made things interesting for one of The Yard’s medical consultants.” He mused, “Never mind one of their constables.”
“Name’s Watson. Here for Inspector Lestrade. He called me.”
“That was sneaky, underhanded, and entirely unfair, Captain.”
“That was my fault for not telling you. It just...sort of happened.” She nibbled on a biscuit, “Oh, Mrs. Hudson, this is Rick Marcus. He’s with me today.”
Dispatch came back,
“Don’t ask how she did it, Jude.” The sound of John’s voice behind her startled her so badly she almost screamed. She certainly jumped.
“Come, for a while. Rest. You must be tired.”
, John. This isn’t going to hurt.” Sherlock said softly.
As they left London City Airport, Judith patted her leg holster and nodded when she felt the familiar, comfortable bulge of her service-weapon.
“That’s not…!” Roben trailed off, gaping.
“Brave man you are.” He took a gulp of beer as Judith reached them. Without a word, she took Greg’s glass and emptied it, setting it on the bar-top and signalling for another.
Jim Moriarty sounded
“I don’t care if it’s a dummy-vest or not, I don’t want to look at it again.” He pulled her to her feet, “What did they
After getting some decent work done, Roben called them to his office and laid down terms for them. Judith and Greg were being offered administrative leave for their part in the fiasco, to which they said good riddance and packed out for three months away from the chaos. Not only were they getting paid by The Met, which was going to annoy a
anything about a sibling?”
“Shouldn’t she be at work right now?”
It didn’t take long after that to reach Kitty Riley’s house, break in, and wait up for her to get home. About five minutes before she got home, he saw Judith’s Rover pull up and nodded.
“I usually remember faces, and he does look a bit familiar. I doubt he remembers me, though. I’m quite a bit younger than he is.”
“Have a seat, Mr Hope. Let’s talk.”
“I remember the boys I took home that night, after Davenport. I got ‘em home safe, I wasn’t interested. After all, you’d made it rather clear that you wanted them home safe, so I took them home.”
“Who says?”
doing it, and no one seemed too eager to haze the new girl or pick on her at all. She was nice to everyone, careful to say please and thank you if
“Have you thought any on what you’ll
“Oh, I couldn’t.” She shook her head quickly, “This is just a hunch, Anma, nothing concrete.”
“Doctor Watson is one of our senior medical officers, runs this place ship-shape. Very good at what she does.” Kendrick said.
Mhic Dhé, stiùir mi nad cheum.
“Someone’s going to figure it out.”
A couple of hours later, while she sat on the bonnet of her truck tossing sweeties to the local children, who clamoured and carried on whenever Judith’s people showed themselves in the village, she felt her phone buzz in her pocket. Reception was next to awful, but it was possible to get messages and phone-calls through closer to the bases. Judith could only think of a few people who would try to reach her by phone rather than the more-reliable radio and rolled her eyes as she fished her phone out of its pocket on her vest. It was a text-message from Sherlock.
– prepared to do anything; prepared to burn; prepared to do what ordinary people won’t do.” He leaned in, getting into Jim’s personal space in a way he knew would make the other man uncomfortable, “You want me to shake hands with you in hell? I shall not disappoint you.”
.” Judith walked through the sling-portal from The Crossed Keys to Mount Everest. As the portal closed behind her, he looked at Greg, who eyed the closed portal warily.
“I can think of a few ways. I doubt yours had anything to do with Sherlock.”
“Somebody’s got to look after you, lot of you won’t look out for yourselves!” The friendly Italian just smiled and gave her a tight hug. “Now, go on with you. You’re still on the job.”
“G-Greg!” He still wasn’t listening. He could hear her, but he was so focused. Greg bent and skimmed the items as far away along the floor as he could. He’d worry about that later. Judith was alive, shaken and going into shock, but she was alive. That was more than he could have hoped for when he realized that she had been kidnapped and somehow talked Sherlock into letting him come along.
starter and Côte de veau with shimeji mushroom persillade and veal jus with a side of tenderstem broccoli with fresh chilli and crispy shallots.
“That’s nice of you.”
“Then how did you…?”
“I would
“She.” Sherlock stripped off his gloves, balled them up, and shoved them into a pocket. “The killer is a woman.”
“Eurus?” John narrowed his eyes. “I know enough. Probably more than you do.”
“Friends don’t exist in my line of work, never mind a steady boyfriend! Are you kidding me?!”
the same.” She looked at Greg, who narrowed his eyes.
“I kind of suspected there was something about the two of you, and you keep disappearing on the weekends and on days you’re not slated for work. Where do you go?”
“Where’s she going?”
“Oi! Watson! Sometime today would be nice!” Lestrade called, the others had already gone in. Judith waved to Donovan, who turned away to hide her smile, and headed for the sheet-covered bodies of the victims after donning blue PPE gear.
“A medical student?”
“Oh, she
“You’re getting slow.”
“Yes you did.”
“Oh, is that what you went in for?!”
“Just a friend. Judith Watson.”
“Wouldn’t they?”
“Of course I do!” John looked at Sherlock, “My mother was beautiful, and kind. She killed to save
dogs.”
you’re not secretly a Holmes?” Sally whispered as they entered the Press Room.
“Joining me, gentlemen?” She didn’t miss how the pair she had picked up at Baker Street didn’t seem that keen on losing sight of her.
“That’s messing with fates already in motion, it shouldn’t be done,” Wong said carefully. Judith shook her head.
“Hey, Sunny! Lou, it’s Sunny!” A minute later she was hugged by the boys.
“You don’t believe me, do you?” He knew
She looked around,
With Jim Moriarty currently off the roster, things quiet down in London. But it never lasts very long, so when someone launches an attack on the London Sanctum, Judith can honestly say she isn't that surprised. Time to save the world again.
Judith would have said something but made do with a dismissive, slightly obscene gesture because Stephen had decided that there were better things to be doing than talking. She had tried to push him towards Palmer, but that seemed to have backfired on her as she found herself following him through another sling-portal back to New York. His apartment had a spectacular view of the city, not that she was really paying attention to it. Sleeping with Stephen was a lot like sleeping with Sherlock, a bit of guilty fun that you couldn't really feel that sorry about after the fact because life was too short and really, they didn’t get much beyond cuddling.
“Just for a bit, lovey. Gotta go get more ice for Miss Lisa. You stay right here and be a good girl, okay?”
“Sorry, Greg!” He leant his elbows on his knees, “What’d we miss?”
“What’s that?”
“It’s
“Sherlock? You alright, sweetheart?” John’s voice was soft again, and Sherlock blinked, focusing on the other man. A cup of tea was pressed into his hands, and he instinctively grabbed John’s hand before he could pull away.
“Good enough.” He smiled and looked over his shoulder at the door. “Kitty will be happy to keep you company. Just don’t let her get into your experiments.”
in, and maybe you’ll get to keep your jobs!”
“Well, I’m not going to. Do you have any idea how hard it is to get good cigarettes out here?”
“Alright, you’re coming with me, Lestrade has your brother, and
“Mm. Come along, you need to eat something.”
“I think we were discussing kissing.”
“Mum is going away for a long time, Rosie. But she won’t be able to hurt Sherlock or anyone else again.” John touched his daughter’s cheek, “I promise.”
“Oh, good, I thought you’d fallen asleep on me.”
Judith was aware of spinning as she fell and curled up, making a smaller target. Suddenly, she felt a shift in the air around her and reacted out of pure instinct, putting her hands out. She encountered resistance and pushed through it. Momentum carried her forward and she compensated for it, using all of her extensive training to keep her body upright.
“A year ago. Sent me home two weeks after it happened.” He shrugged, as if it didn’t bother him, “The transition period was a bit rough, of course.”
problem.”
“Thanks to me they were right!” Q retorted. “Now, would you like to see how this works?”
Pleased with getting one over on his brilliant, arrogant brother, Mycroft set his phone on the table face-down and reached for the glass the server had put by his place.
“Reputation precedes me again.”
Good Lord, show me the way!
“Remind me never to get on
“You’re more than just an Army doctor with a bad attitude, but that was obvious. In good standing with MI6’s director, which means you know M, but how escapes me. She doesn’t…”
“Oh, she’s a dear little thing, kept me company all afternoon, spent most of it sleeping on my couch!”
“No, no! It’s…fine.” He exhaled slowly. God, he was gorgeous! John blinked and remembered himself. “You’ve not been here before, I take it?”
They didn’t stay much longer once their business had concluded. Leaving the house ahead of the boys, Judith called for a patrol to take their place and sit on the house until they were relieved by another team. By then, John and Sherlock were out of sight. She had words with the patrol that responded, keeping her attention split between the house across the street and the constables before her.
“Good enough. So, where to?”
“You sneaky little prick.”
“You didn’t!” His face lit up, “You
“What’s the problem, sir? I wasn’t aware I had done something wrong?”
“Can I offer you a ride somewhere, 008?”
“Um, Myc?”
“Sherlock?”
“This is Judith Watson.” Greg toed the door open as she pushed it open, not missing the way her eyes flashed.
“She’s with the Holmeses. Out back. Um, what’s ... is something wrong?”
“They’ll come find us.”
“I merely suggested that you were safe, but you would not listen, so I appealed to your subconscious.”
“Nice cape.” She teased. He rolled his eyes as he led the way up the stairs, where they found Kaecilius gone. The Ancient One and Mordo were there, though, and Stephen confronted The Ancient One with the knowledge Kaecilius had shared with them about where she got her eternal youth from. She didn’t deny anything, but she didn’t admit to it, either. Mordo laid into them for confronting her like that, when he said they had no right. But their argument was cut short by the return of the Zealots. The following confrontation ended with the escape of Kaecilius and the Zealots, and the death of The Ancient One.
“As always, Gregory.” Mycroft was his usual polite, pleasant self, but it was an easier attitude than he had with most outsiders. Definitely not strangers. Judith tried to keep her mouth from hanging open as she looked around the house.
“What are you
“At ease, son, we’re not in Afghanistan anymore.” She tilted his head back to get a look at his eyes, “Gereshk, wasn’t it? May of ‘06?”
“And you, Mister, had better have a very good reason for all that awful business!” She said this to Sherlock as she poked him in the chest, “Nearly gave me a proper fright, you did! The both of you, pair of fine idiots!”
. I did, at first, for a long time, but I don’t anymore, and I never should have.” John looked out the window.
“It’s never twins.”
“Jesus.” Judith blew out a slow breath, pacing the living-room, occasionally glancing out the window to the street. She pulled her phone from her pocket and dialled a number. It rang through a few times, and she listened for any sign of that phone ringing in the flat.
“Mmm. You’ve a point there. Well, nothing for it! Onward!” It was a blessedly short, uninterrupted jaunt to the black door of 221B Baker Street, and John knocked first, just as he had all those years ago the first time they’d decided to take rooms together in the cluttered little flat that had become home to both of them in ways neither had expected. They had to knock twice before the door opened from inside, just enough to let their long-suffering landlady peek out.
“That’s what I thought you said.” John was careful to keep his tone neutral, any blatant interest well-concealed. “How could I meet him?”
“Oh!” He laughed in relieved delight, but it wasn’t going to be a very long relief for Jim Moriarty, “You think you can make me stop the order? You think you can make me do that?”
“Being rude doesn’t make people like you very much I’m afraid, Mr Anderson,” John said, getting carefully to his feet.
to pack them and a few other items in her wardrobe that didn’t get the use they deserved. London in the winter was a dismal place for having some warm-weather fun.
sorry.”
He waited ten minutes for their order and when he picked up the paper bag and take-away cups, he smiled at the staff.
“Evening.” Judith’s voice was soft but strong, despite a nervous waver, “This is a turn-up, isn’t it, Sherlock?”
“Don’t worry, sir.” Greg tightened his grip on Richard’s hand, “I will do
“No, no! The night you…the night you killed Beth Davenport!” Judith shook her head in disbelief. “The night I found the
“No, we caught it on the broadband.” Her brother noticed the cat and raised an eyebrow, “Who’s your fuzzy friend?”
“Good of you notice. Not formally, but as a Medically Limited Reservist. I won’t be deploying for anything except my obligations for training and service. A few weeks, that’s all. Barring war breaking out, or an overseas training exercise, I’m staying in London to help Mr Holmes, just as I have since 2010.” He shrugged, entirely uninterested in talking about something that really wasn’t anyone else’s business but his and Sherlock’s. Finally, the press had the answers they needed, maybe not the ones they
“My hands.”
“Since when could you braid hair, Sherlock Holmes?” She was surprised by this secret skill.
Come on, brothers, let's go down
“Who is your rather handsome friend?”
She made herself scarce for most of the inspection, carefully dodging the suits while keeping them under surveillance. These two didn’t look half-bad, and her careful surveillance revealed that she might have gotten her wish for smart agents. She marked them for brothers or cousins, but siblings were far more likely between them, noting differences in stature and body-types. They were roughly the same height, give or take a couple of inches. Six-foot or taller, which kind of made her feel shorter than usual. There was an air of danger unknown to them. And the ginger looked familiar. Well, they both did, but where on Earth would she have met them? For the past twelve years, she had been all over the world, based in Afghanistan for the last four, so, when? She would have remembered them from other inspections, and had never once seen them on any of her bases.
“God bless them, whoever they are. I wouldn’t want to live with me, and I
“Are you alright, sir?”
“Will you
“Well, what?”
“Heard you went out of town for a few hours tonight, after you pulled in Costas.” He murmured as he used her for a pillow. Judith sighed and ran her fingers through his hair.
“Hmm. Grandparents are always more forgiving, aren’t they?”
“I said dangerous, not frightening. Am I supposed to be afraid of you?”
“Wanna see some more?”
“I told you, I was moving and I just thought I’d been hit by a piece of brass when they hit me.”
What it says on the tin: Part 2 of 2. The conclusion and resolution of the puppy-napping case.
“God, you’re a menace!” He groaned, covering his face with both hands. The guys were chuckling and someone wolf-whistled, which had poor Will turning bright red. Judith pulled his hands away and kissed him on the cheek.
He cleared his throat and looked at the twins and at Hutchison.
“He knows we’re here, and what we’re here for.” She knocked again, “Met Police, come to the door!” The door opened for them, but they were blocked from immediate entry by Mrs Hudson, who’s eyes widened as she recognized all but Anderson and the constables at the door.
“He’s in charge. Detective Inspector. Smartest man at The Met, and the best. He’s also my brother’s boyfriend.”
“No, I know, I know. Christ, I was worried about you!” He cracked a smile, “Guess I’d better go find the doctor, eh?”
“Get a dog.”
“Is that
“You’re reckless, but you’ve always been that way, and expecting you to change now is unfair. Just be more careful.” She sipped her tea, “Especially with someone like Moriarty in play now. We don’t know anything about him, who he is, where he came from, or what his motives are.” Sherlock hummed in agreement, and it was quiet for a while. The cats had gone into hiding and had yet to surface, John found them up in his room sleeping on the bed. Sherlock collected their empty mugs, took them to the kitchen and rinsed them out before setting them on the drying-rack for the next morning.
“Ah.”
“Sher.” He called softly. It got quiet in the kitchen and Pongo raised his head but didn’t leave his spot on John’s lap. A moment later, the homeowners appeared, an early-forties couple, dual-income household until recently, he designed computer games, she had been in fashion-design. She had worked for House of DeVil, in fact. Ooh. This was
“I’m certainly trying to, Inspector. I’ll try not to get into any more of it.”
them. “See this?”
“Don’t be sorry, Harry was a terrible brother. Drank and gambled himself into debt and into a divorce, and then drank himself to death.”
“Yes, sir?” He stood at rest, instinct from all his time in the military.
“I’m…not sure. I think it’s her friend from New York. Her teacher.” Sherlock nudged him over and he sat up to give the lanky detective a bit more room.
“Yes, please.”
Down in the river to pray
“Oh my god.” They watched as Hope emerged from the taxi and went around to the passenger door, opening it and reaching in to help his fare onto the sidewalk.
Studying about that good old way
“Oh god!” She was almost in tears, he
he had a plan in place, they couldn’t trust him to survive.
“Just water with lemon for me, please.”
“It’s fine, I promise, it’s all fine.”
“Thank me when I get your puppies back.” He shook hands with Mr Radcliffe and headed for Greg’s car after handing them a card with his information on it, “I’ll be in touch, and so will The Met. Keep your phones handy, we’ll call when we know something.”
“Hey! Ouch!” Looking down, she found the culprit. Judith chuckled and reached down to give her small assailant a boost, “Oh, hello there, Galileo.”
Judith heaved a sigh of relief,
“Well, it’s not four-star, or even two, but I’ve got an extra bed at mine if you need a place to crash for one night.” The silver-haired detective leant against his car, folding his arms against the roof, a charming, inviting smile lighting up his eyes, “If you’re interested?” Judith worried her bottom lip, weighing her options. It wasn’t a question, actually. She folded her arms across her chest and cocked an eyebrow.
“We’ve got keys to the place, it wouldn't be the first time we’ve had to make entry into a hostile situation.” Greg murmured, the sound of his Glock racking was unusually loud in the car. Judith racked her Browning, kept the safety on, and they left her car behind. She muted her radio and looked up at the first-floor windows. The sheers were drawn, and she couldn't see anyone at the windows themselves.
“It is, yes, who are you?”
“A bit different from my day.” He murmured as the door clanged shut.
“Ugh. Mr Holmes is my
“Er, sparkling, please. And a cup of chamomile tea, as well.”
“Has to be. But taking the fifteen puppies from your house was personal.” Sherlock paced the room, thinking faster than anyone in the room aside from John. “You have your suspicions, I know you do.”
Sherlock yelled in the background.
“Oh, sure you can, girls!” He smiled sadly and dragged them into the flat, which didn’t look that different from the last time she’d seen it, “Not much has really changed since you were home last, eh?”
? Or had Mycroft called after witnessing her kidnapping on CCTV? Oh god.
“What was the cause for the split?”
“And now you’ve access to the entire city-network.” Bond mused, “Well
“We can fly out tonight at eight, or tomorrow morning first thing.” He shrugged and kissed her, “All up to you, my dear, lovely, Constable.”
Sherlock joined her after a while, and John found a stable voice halfway through. It was something they had actually done during their service together, something that kept him calm when things got too hard. By the time he had calmed down, Judith realized it was half-four. She sighed and debated skipping her run this morning. She hadn’t missed a run in months, and after last night, she felt a bit too wired to sleep in. She groaned and untangled herself from the knot of bodies and padded into the loo. Judith finished her morning ablutions and went in search to the running-kit she kept at Baker Street for the nights she stayed over. She kept her clothes up in John’s old room, which had never actually been slept in. She made the climb quietly, skipping over the squeaky risers.
“Jesus.” One of the constables breathed, “Doctor Watson?!”
me a story after the other night, are you … busy this afternoon?”
.” Jim said in a matter-of-fact tone that annoyed him so much, “That’s the point of this.” They looked over the side and saw that someone had stopped at the benches near the bus stop below them, and several other people were in the vicinity.
“How. Much. Did. You.
“Come on, he lives down this street a bit. Guarantee he’s awake right now.” Greg grinned and grabbed her by the back of her hi-vis running-vest.
“Oh, don’t mention it, John!” Wanda gave him a tight hug, “You’re family, for God’s sake! I’m just so glad to know that awful woman can’t hurt you anymore. You, or your sweet little girl.”
hard to miss Sherlock Holmes. The young detective didn’t seem to have spotted him, but John wasn’t exactly standing out in the crowds tonight. He wore nondescript clothes and had his head down. To anyone else, it looked like he was minding his own business, busy on his phone. He wore a pair of ear-buds to add to the illusion, but he was absolutely paying attention. So when Sherlock paused nearby to him, looking at something on his phone, John lifted his head to study the young man. What was he doing down here? At nine o’clock on a Wednesday night? Sherlock never turned his way, so he wasn’t sure he’d been noticed, but John didn’t move an inch until Sherlock had moved on. Just before he disappeared from sight, John moved. It didn’t take long to catch up with him, though he was thrown twice and got completely turned around once.
Once both bodies had been identified, Roben took his leave. Greg followed him out. Roben didn’t stick around, it was obvious this whole affair made him uncomfortable, and the presence of three sorcerers who probably had his number didn’t help much. But Greg didn’t care for his boss’s comfort or, in this case, discomfort. The prick didn’t deserve a clear conscience after what had happened last night. As soon as Roben was gone, Greg let out an audible sigh of relief.
“Just follow me.” With that, Q was leading him … somewhere. It wasn’t long before he was stopped again.
“Won’t know until I see what we’re up against.” Greg shook his head, ruffling his hair with one hand. “Kind of depends on how long the body’s been in the water and what kind of damage we’re looking at. Molly’s going to hate me, I already dumped another one on her earlier.”
“Oh don’t pretend you don’t
Two months after retiring from fifteen years of service in the British Army as a medic, Judith Watson was working for The Met as a Special Constable. She had cleared and completed the twenty-four-day training-period, passed every test and requirement, and picked out her three top boroughs. She crossed her fingers to land either Kensington & Chelsea, Westminster, or Lambeth. She got Westminster, which put her smack in the middle of all of the action and walking the streets of the West End, but she got to keep Lambeth as a secondary on the outside chance help was needed across the bridges.
“What?”
“I’ll fall asleep in a bath, but I need to get clean.” A bath would give him time to brainstorm a proper proposal for that ring in his pocket.
(6:25 p.m.) I've started the timer.
Oh, so that's how they interpreted it. Well, John was not going to correct them.
Sherlock: (draft) I'm disappointed that you turned into everything you said you'd never be.
He took a deep breath, climbing on to the window sill. Mycroft had arranged a rope to be placed so that he could reach the top of the roof. He caught hold of the rope, adrenaline racing in his blood. John had never felt more alive. He climbed out of the window, trying to not look below him. Every nerve in his body was tingling with electricity, his blood was hot with anticipation. If he slipped, it would be a miracle if someone could identify his face. He reached the top, and John let out a huge sigh of relief. Safe and sound.
(See the end of the chapter for
No, Sherlock
Sherlock, this isn't a game.
"Sherlock" he would greet, his eyes saying it all. You are ordinary. Just like the others. He looks a little disappointed.
(See the end of the chapter for
He looked at Janine. She seemed happy, she was talking to that geek. Everyone had somebody. Except him. At the end, he was always alone. People always left
Go John, go now
a baby John, how do I rise one?). John, the solider he is, kept calming Sherlock meanwhile asking me if it was okay. I panicked. I panicked real bad. Of course, I didn't tell them that. I merely told them I would think about it. But, I panicked a lot Hamish. It actually felt like I was the Universe's soap opera. It took me a tremendous amount of courage to agree and the main reason I did it was to see a smile from the family which had gone through the worst life has to offer.
A blond guy in his early twenties walked towards them, clearly excited. His hands were quivering and there was a bounce in his step.
Molly Hooper.
It was under these circumstances I had you, Hamish. And, like I told you, along with you, I also started growing a backbone. I found out that yes, I
"Pray silence for the best man"
"I still do, I just hide it more successfully. Don't tell him!" he whispered dramatically. All of them laughed, including John. Despite all the conflict inside, it was impossible not to relax in Tom's presence. His happiness was contagious. He continued, still in that excited schoolboy tone:
Thank you – SH
(8:13 p.m) IT HAS BEEN FOUR DAYS. I COULD HAVE DIED IN FOUR DAYS
Mr. Sagarson looked at Sherlock, clearly playing with the idea. He finally smiled saying,
“This is it, guys” Tom’s voice was quivering with excitement.
I had to explain this to John. I am not the Iceman!
12:47
Sherlock wasn't jealous of Mary at all. Not one bit.
I wonder as to what to ask him next. Something hits me.
John: (draft) I can't give you the same amount of love in return. So, please stop. I owe you way too much already.
Sherlock shut the website down and got up from the couch.
After I place all the crates of memories outside, I go back into the palace, now retrieving data that would be useful for my deductions. Old crimes, dating back to the 1600's, a few experiments I conducted, crimes I solved. I put them out too, and then detonate the entire building. The palace breaks down, black ruins remain. I take my crates and Redbeard along with me to a faraway place. I build a new palace. It looked better than my previous one. I start furnishing the first room. John's room. I paint the walls with shades of lavender and purple. I open his crate. A collection of memories greet me. I picked one.
Sherlock:(draft) I know why you didn't. You believed me. You think I'm fake. I don't blame you.
The client nodded and left luckily before the storm erupted in 221 B.
Thanks again, Molly. Sherlock does not know – JW
“I would like for our producer, Ms. Summer to reveal the contents of this box to our...” his eyes wandered off to all the couples “...slightly impatient contestants”.
Ok, I can't think of a question. You ask me – JW
needs. Personal gain. Priorities shift, impressions don't last, happiness is made comparative. There was a basic human tendency – right from a three year old kid – people get
Sherlock clicked on the matched profile.
After three days of hotel coffee, food was in order to keep the transport up and running.
"Then why?"
He gave me thousands of chances to tell him that I loved him. The coward I was, I never did tell him. The society, my parents..how stupid it all seems now. I love you, Sherlock Holmes, I love you with all my heart. You've brought a broken shell of a man back to life. I was a crumpled mess, a mess no one wanted. You've resuscitated me. And, of course, I still believe in you. Always have, always will. I love you, Sherlock William Scott Holmes. Will you do me the honor of being my husband after death?"
He texted John.
What's your worst fear? –JW
Molly came inside just then.
"Oh my god! I'm standing in front of
At moments like these, I truly wonder if Sherlock was human.
"Trust me Mycroft, I tried. I really really tried. He's seen me and has still decided to stay. Isn't that enough?" I curse the fact that this was the only evidence I could present. I plead. I know that if I don't convince Mycroft, he was perfectly capable of sending John to a different continent, maybe even Antarctica and there would be nothing I could do about it.
"No, of course, you are not. Do enjoy not getting involved Sherlock"
The autopsy report wasn't of much use either. There were no puncture marks on the body, no trace of poison in the blood. Both of them died the same way. The mad brother was of no help.
Sherlock looks at the tea, trying to change the subject
Sherlock, is that really you? – JW
"Look Sherlock, I know your philosophy okay? I've talked to Mycroft. He was the one who convinced me to go for it since you were bi. Sherlock, there's a reason why I...
"Okay. And, hey tell me something about the band. I'm supposed to be a fan"
When's your birthday? – JW
I know I shouldn't be, but I am insanely happy about his compliment even at such a time. A time when my entire life could end. John is completely changing me and I did not know if I was ready for that. It all depends on how things go with the bomb.
Mrs. Hudson leaves, satisfied. Sherlock was indeed not so calm as he appeared. She sighed. Only if Sherlock had had the guts to tell John he loved him. It was too late now.
And now you are looking well in a tuxedo
Or at least, they appeared to be normal.
The area near John was in instant uproar.
*New Notif! Sherlock has forwarded you a text chain from Mycroft Holmes!*
John, on the other hand, merely looked at Sherlock, a mask of no emotion. He was learning from Sherlock, it would seem.
First clue is to find the first clue. To the thing that has puzzled me. Sounded like a loop. Nectar for others, poison for me.
SHSHSH
John: I know. Sorry.
"I...I think it was good. Very good. Excellent in fact." I took a gulp of water, not knowing what to do.
(9:41 p.m.) Oh?
Mrs. Hudson helps me untie my ropes and I look at my hand. She was right. No ring. I frantically search in between the sheets and under the bed. Still no ring. My heart that had been racing, stops suddenly. I feel numb and darkness surrounds me once again.
We then thought as to what to get him. I expected Molly to blush (the Christmas incident was still fresh on my mind) and be embarrassed. But, she surprised me by talking amicably about what to get Sherlock. At the end, we decided to give the gifts separately (me because I wanted it to be only from me, her I don't know).
"John, I'm glad you are feeling better now, my dear. You know, I love Sherlock too. But, we can't bring back the dead John. We can only join them" she said. "But only, at the right time" she added, sternly, removing my oxygen mask.
Sherlock
Multiple times.
Hahaha
The first band member typed: 1
John: We're having a small party this weekend. A meet-the-baby sorts of thing. Please let us know if you aren't coming. Love, Mary and John.
"So, what are our fake personas?"
SHSHSHSHSHSHSHSH
"There is a bomb in one of the carriages. We need to find out where!" he said, pulling my hand along with him. I did not resist. I was too preoccupied with the movement of his lips and his hand in mine. I force myself to snap into reality, realizing that hundreds of people's lives were hanging in the balance. I take out my phone.
The client jerked a little but restored his air in a surprisingly short amount of time.
John seemed a little preoccupied. Well, I could always find out later. Right now, the bomb is the priority. The most important thing to be dealt with.
The man who beside him was nothing like Sherlock. But, he
Sherlock: (draft) I'm just disappointed.
Was I going to die here?
SHSHSHSHSHSHSH
"Please don't mind him" John said, indicating William, "he's a
“Remember what’s at stake guys” said Alexa cockily.
I know it breaks your heart
Wishing I was already dead. Drowning my sorrows with pills and alcohol. How about you?
It's ok, John. Grocery shopping is fun – MH
Sherlock: (draft) Best man? I've put you through hell, so my only shot at redemption is to go through it myself?
12:48
I go to 221 B. I thought I would black out or plunge into a hole of depression again. But surprisingly, I felt nothing. I realized 221 B was just another flat if there was no Sherlock in it. Mrs. Hudson is surprised to see me, but doesn't say anything.
"Of course there is"
We (only me and Molly) always wanted to have a surprise party on his birthday (Surprise and Sherlock? I don't know).
Favourite color? – JW
How are my
Even though Sherlock Holmes was an incredible actor, even though the whole thing was a set-up, even though everything was lies, for those glorious five seconds, John Watson felt
"Yes"
Sherlock was facing the door, but he could not see Mrs. Hudson for his eyes were closed. He played incessantly, hands moving rhythmically, manipulating the instrument. The music was slow at first – it talked of grief, of pain and suffering, of unrequited love. It spoke of the words that were left unspoken. This went on for an hour, Sherlock constantly slowing down each successive turn. It made Mrs. Hudson want to cry and she could see tears on Sherlock's face. The slow sad music slowly turned to a neutral tone – a slow dreary sound, a sound of acceptance. Music that talked about letting go, about giving up. His hands moved in a way she had never seen before – slow and lacking energy. His face looked defeated. He looked…broken. It slowly turned fast, it was slowly becoming a mad screeching sound, his hands moving in the speed of light. The music was talking about his frenzy, his madness crept out. Sherlock's looked mad. The noise was horrible but Sherlock didn't stop. Sherlock's hands moved and moved, their speed getting only faster.
My brain refused to believe that our end would be such a trivial one
12:48
(4:26 p.m) I'm bored. I'll come over?
"John" she says and her voice breaks down. She tries talking but can't. She steadies herself and replies,
From the way she is banging the plates and the cups, it was obvious that she was very angry at me. And, I don't blame her.
SHSHSH
(1:12 p.m.) Oh, Sherlock isn't it "obvious"?
's and a bow to his audience, he collected the money in a small bag. I put in a pound note, although I had some francs with me. He looked at the note and gave me a tiny smile, and then whispered in my ear: "Will you stay for a bit?"
No ring. I wriggle my fingers, trying to feel the cold metal, but no, the ring was gone. Gone. I violently struggle to free myself from the ropes and yelling
That was the reason why people cheat – because the unobtainable is always sexier.
John wasn't listening. Sherlock had used this exact sentence in his hallucination. He grips the glass in his hand tightly. His rational part calms him. Maybe Sherlock used that sentence in real life before and his unconscious memory stored it. That must be it. He relaxes.
I'm rushing against time. To stop. Ready to kill. Ready to die for the man I loved. My heart is pounding, knowing that I've left Sherlock when he needed me the most. I should have known that the phone call was a fake. There was a reason why Sherlock didn't get worked up on it. I rush to Bart's praying that he's still alive. My phone rings.
11:08
Sherlock was momentarily blinded by the light. It took him exactly five seconds to realise what was happening. Great big balloons were everywhere, but surprisingly they had quite a classy look to them. There was a chocolate cake filled with candles (stupid! That explained why John insisted Sherlock having a differently flavoured slice of cake every breakfast. Sherlock distinctly remembered eating a little more of the chocolate slice). A knife was indeed, like John said, waiting. The deduction was
~**~~
What's your worst fear? –JW
He asks, casually, deceiving nobody. I could see emotion filling his eyes, no matter how hard he tried to hide it.
"Hamish!"
"So, Sherlock. Your worst fear. It's quite easy, isn't it? Remember…the fall?"
There was Matt who was sitting on an ordinary wooden chair with his palm supporting his face and the other on an arm of the chair. He looked every bit like a king waiting. Peter was standing behind Matt's chair, naye, throne, both his arms folded on the back of the chair and his head a foot above Matt's. Even though Matt looked the king, Peter looked like the all-knowing wise one. Diana was there, with her killer red heels and the most violently painted crimson lips. She was sitting on a table, her legs fully stretched for everyone to admire. Alexa was completely goth and John had to admit – she was
Open your eyes then
"Make a deduction" John whispered, after some time.
No, no. Mycroft wants to pay for everything :) –MH
He stood as the door opened. The last rays of the day illuminated his pale skin, making him look less human and more god-like. His hands were thin, each finger long and sleek. Capable of handling very delicate equipment yet strong enough incapacitate a man. His legs moved at a slow pace, yet Mrs. Hudson knew that he could run faster than the wind if he wanted to. His hair was ruffled, he had the gift of looking angelic without having to do anything at all. His blue eyes sparkled. He looked like a man who had just made a major decision and was happy about it.
Let's keep solving crimes together
Alex: A Rolex, few more business cards, his mobile phone, cash (both in dollars and pounds), few keys, a handkerchief, some hotel bills, his clothes.
To get to know me? I had a tendency to not to open up about myself. Like I said, people hated me after seeing me.
Temporary deafness.
Who were they kidding?
SHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSH
(1:20 p.m.) Sherlock Holmes, don't lie to me if you value your life.
We soon found the carriage and some demolition charges. It was obvious that the energy released by the bomb would be huge – big enough to completely detonate the Parliament. I am worried at this point, knowing that we had to act really fast or all our plans would be ruined. Timing was everything.
"Come on now. Wear your wig" Sherlock huffed, throwing a many legged spider on his face, which John later realised was the wig.
13:06
John: (draft) This is it Sherlock. I bought the engagement ring.
Sherlock, is that really you? – JW
Sherlock: (draft) I'm sorry, John. For everything.
He ran through the corridors, surprised at the darkness. How was he supposed to create darkness now? He opened the doors of the lab, his brain warning him that something unexpected was going to happen.
He immediately followed me.
Sherlock: (draft) I'm so sorry John. First the Black Lotus, now the fire...I wonder if you'll come back this time.
Message not sent
"What's my favorite quote again?"
"John" she said in a low voice. "There is no ring. Are you alright, dear?"
Sherlock, what are you doing?
to laugh after all that he had done.
After an hour, after tedious reading of histories of the exes, the hotel staff and all people related to them (Lestrade collected a good amount in a surprisingly short amount of time), Sherlock finally figured it out.
“You and your partner will be blindfolded and will be left in a room. Your objective is to find your partner and pull one of the ropes hanging from the ceiling. There are only four ropes, which sadly means that we’ll have to say goodbye to eight of you very soon.” His expression turned solemn.
"You were right. The music was utter shite the fourth time."
"John, I have only one piece of advice. Wait. Don't kill yourself now. You hallucinated that Sherlock asked you to wait. Do that. Don't kill yourself now. You are not rational enough to decide right now"
“Sorry, sorry. I guess my jokes got too cornea”
John: (draft) I have no one to talk to. Everyone reminds me of you.
John: Mary will kill me if you don't come to see the baby this weekend.
John stiffened up immediately. He slowly turned to face Sherlock. The distance was painfully close, or rather painfully far. John was about to say something when:
While you come back to Baker Street
"But..."
"Sleep, now. You need the rest" and he increases my morphine.
to play with their grandkids then,
His hands couldn't have shaken at all. Acclimatized to violence then. He didn't fire until I was in immediate danger though. So strong moral principle. You are looking for a man with a history of military service, and nerves of steel…
The file was precisely that, until Mycroft found Sherlock's texts neatly printed in a book as an account of the clean-up he did. What he didn't anticipate, however, was a nice little subsection reserved for Sherlock's and John's conversation. Mycroft knew for a fact that Sherlock and John never communicated those two years. Curious, he read the report with interest.
"How do we know it is the same person?" the Minister asks, not even sparing a look into the file.
Ella looked at him, suspicious of his quick but lacklustre agreement.  "I expect to you to have proof if at least one conversation at our next appointment."
I'm not free.
"Lose the battle to win the war" he had said.
Surprisingly, the thing which I thought would burn a hole in my pocket turned out to be very cheap. Cheapest of all my gifts, in fact. (I always liked getting multiple gifts when I was a kid and figured Sherlock did too)
I realize that was the moment I fell in love with John Watson.
No one was seen running on the grounds.
Sherlock felt something remarkably close to a feeling that resembled someone punching him in the gut and crushing his breath at the same time. He felt...
Oh I, I, I, can't stop
"Hi, Sherlock" Molly beamed, more than usual, though Sherlock had no idea why.
"Will you come then? I must remind you, right now we only need you in an advisory capacity" Mycroft says, ignoring the jab.
That brought John right back to Earth. He smiled at the audience and waved at them. Now, that the couples had been selected, the rest of the auditorium quietened down. Most of them were in tears while the rest merely seemed to be happy to stay and look at their favorite band in real life. The crew ushered them to another room so that they could receive their instructions while the band played a parting song for the crowds.
"Tell me about the video" Sherlock said, now opening his mobile.
The guard lifts his walkie-talkie and listens intently.
So, you can't switch the bomb off?! You can't switch the bomb off and you did not call the police!
"It suits you" Sherlock said in a non-comittal tone.
Greg must have seen the internal battle going on inside of me. I try reassuring him.
Sherlock: (draft) I made a vow, John. I intend to honor it, no matter what.
"You see, the song is about couples who know each other. It's about..hang on, I'll read out from the announcement" he took out his phone "...about couples who've endured hardships in the past, about time and constancy. We are in search of that couple who are an embodiement of the song - a couple that has no secrets."
He wants data. He realizes he doesn't know what John was up to lately.
"John" she starts in a soothing voice. I completely detest the voice. It was the same tone in which Ella talked to me. I don't reply. Frankly, I was too weak after I yelled at her.
He ran through the corridors, surprised at the darkness. How was he supposed to create darkness now? He opened the doors of the lab, his brain warning him that something unexpected was going to happen.
"He plays the violin sometimes. Varies with his moods. You can only imagine the screeching and the wailing when he's angry" John shuddered, remembering the last time when he did not have a case for two days.
Sherlock: (draft) So many words unsaid, so many tears unshed. Such is your legacy, John Watson.
John seemed to have finally accepted that the night of the fall was a hallucination.
He smiles, clearly relieved as to how I was taking it. I smile back, but there are a thousand emotions in the back of my head. I would see Sherlock again. I would hear him talk again. It was the best gift I could have gotten this birthday. For the first time in months, I feel a little alive again.
Not before he sent his text.
SHSHSHSHSH
John had on him. Would you ever trust
In the morning, Mrs. Hudson found a normal Sherlock playing Operation with his brother. He was the Sherlock he always was. Nothing about him talked of his night before, except for the bandages on his hand.
It wasn't a phone. It was a whip. She had three words for him:
John: Address?
" John said, in an attempt at Sherlock's drawling voice. He failed.
"What is your name?"
The entire room was filled with a deafening din of noises whilst Sherlock pulled the rope. A bucket of water fell from above, drenching them head to toe. John immediately removed his blindfold, giggling after he realised what happened. William seemed to have done the same, because John found himself staring at William’s eyes. A light drizzle still continued, but neither of them moved away, instead they focused on smiling at each other. This was normal, this was two friends enjoying a joke. This was just like the million other times John and Sherlock shared a joke, just the two of them. This was familiar territory, this was
And now I'm looking good in a tuxedo
13:00
No I, I, I can't stop
"No I don't, but your general/superior does. And while I do not disclose what I discuss with my patients, I do give progress reports. If I advise extra therapy, you will be assigned more therapy."
Sherlock: Mycroft, okay fine, I'll help you.
"Okay, fine, I'll do it. Okay? Bye."
"Well, I'd better let you get back to it. You have a big speech or something, don't you?"
party. Mrs. H, Molly, Mike and Lestrade were looking at him, smiles on their face.
"The game, Mrs. Hudson, is on!"
A girl who looked about twenty took William to a neighbouring mirror and asked him to close his eyes. She carefully scrutinised his face and then frowned. John, who was sitting beside William, could see her confusion. How could she make him
I know
I walked out the door and something made me stop right dead in my tracks. Even in the drenching rain, I spotted a big graffitied "3" on the wall opposite to Ella's office. My eyes bulge out, my hand shivers and I fall. I don't know what's real or not anymore.
He went into the hospital, trying to figure out who it was he was going to meet. As far as he could make out (by the vehicles in the parking spot), John and Molly were there. No one else was there though (why was he expecting multiple people again?).
A twenty something girl quickly came and in her haste, dropped the notebook she was carrying. Sherlock, no,
He was
Come to the Diogenes Club. NOW.
'A puzzle loving army doctor who likes tea.'
The British Government, on the other hand, had other important issues on his plate. It was in the state of mood, Mycroft received a call from Lestrade.
"I'm getting in" he said in a cocky manner.
John: (draft) The world can be very cruel. Showing me everything I want – and everything I will never have. Sitting next to my wife but also to the man I wanted to marry.
12:50
someone – there would be no moving on. At least not in the mere twenty years he had left. Caring was not an advantage, not when he knew he would be left broken hearted. So, Mycroft and Sherlock chose the only path remaining – a marriage to their work. It worked spectacularly well. However, now with John...Sherlock locked away this particular thought process. He read the clue again, the location
"Hello again! Before we begin filming, we thought we would give you a treat. Let me introduce you to the power behind all our shoots –
approval? Why won't he stop whispering? Or invade John's personal space this way?
When would John realize that I did not know how to turn off the bomb?
I wake up and there's darkness all around. I smell alcohol. Of course, I am in a hospital. Mrs. Hudson must have found me. I try to get up, but can't. They've tied me down. The lights flick on. And, in front of me, I see Sherlock. Standing. Looking at me. He looked like he hadn't slept for weeks. Sherlock's alive? My heart monitor beeps like crazy. I try talking but I have an oxygen mask on my mouth.
John Watson: This blog is supposed to be about me!
John looked up groggily.
To make it even worse, Sherlock held John's hand, smiling at the band and ignoring the audience.
No effect is Molly
The silence was Mycroft's way of looking smug. It was equivalent to Mycroft waving his arms and yelling "I know something you don't"
"Hamish. Right. The crowds were pretty anti-LGBT back there. You okay, Hamish? You looked quite angry..."
The realisation opened many doors and contemplations about his sexuality.
SHSHSHSHSH
They've already recorded it. They are trying to video tape and release it as a single. More publicity"
Message not sent
"If any of you should require the services of either of us, I will solve your murder. But, it takes John Watson to save your life. Trust me, I should know he's saved mine so many times and in so many ways"
"Good then. We need you in five minutes. Good luck!" she said, smiling at Sherlock. He smiled back.
Before we go into the emo stuff, I would like to give you a few pointers from a female perspective. Your greatest asset is your hair. Girls (or later, women) go crazy for messy, curly black hair. DO NOT shave it completely or even partially as a trend or whatever. Just a tip. You can thank me later. Secondly, NEVER tell your parents about your partner unless you are serious. Sherlock will tear them apart with deductions (only because he's scared and jealous) and John will give the traditional "break him and I will break you" speech. If you don't believe me, ask Rosie (You do remember Mark, right?). Thirdly,
Impossible. There were only four statues, all on pedestals. If he were on them, how could he have replaced the original after he ran away? An accomplice? Not likely.
Sherlock: (draft) I wish you were there.
intense now. Two ropes, four couples who have already found each other. The odds are not in your favour, fellas! I would hurry if I were you!”
"Yes please"
doing?”
There were so many ways our meeting could have never occurred. It still gives me the chills to think about them. I asked him about this many times and the thought haunts him too. He understands probability, he understands how easily we could have gone our separate ways. When you meet a new person, it happens due to a series of events, a chain all leading up to that one big moment. And that one turn you took on the street, that one construction site that forces you to change direction, that one reason why you went out (I went to buy milk), that random but sudden feeling in your gut to play the violin (or maybe that's just because you don't want your brother to know your first song). My point is I could have very easily not met him in my life. I could be doing something entirely differently. And, he is the reason why I believe our life is a continuous motion of little wheels, all of them turning to prepare you for this. All the suffering you had to go through, all the tears shed, broken faith, shards of your heart trying to heal – they're all for this one big moment.
for nine hours. Woke up to find Mycroft texting him and now Sherlock couldn't even reply! He called out to the only constant in his entire life in 221 B.
Sherlock: The forensics is absolutely useless.
(See the end of the chapter for
(5:30 p.m.) Getting into the car now.
John: (draft) TWO YEARS. ONE WORD. THAT WAS ALL I NEEDED.
That I have already solved
I wonder what Mycroft has planned. Whatever it was, I better wrap up warm.
"Yes, John, that's what they call it when two people touch each others hands. Mr. Sagarson, we'll be at the preliminary selections tomorrow. Good day" Sherlock said, waving his hand in clear dismissal.
(1:35 p.m.) Seriously, I do wish you would send him those lines.
He sees the wrinkled mess of a man hunched up, working with the pride of Britain. The man does not even look up. The old man's face is contorted with concentration, his hands moving with precision. His hands are wrinkled too, but they never falter. There are only two things in the old man's world: Him and the diamond. The man was looking at the diamond as a mother would look at her child. Each stroke the man made to the diamond was like a dagger through the Agent's heart. One wrong stroke and the symbol of Britain would be forever lost. The agent approaches him and asks:
Attention-Seekers
Mycroft's voice guides him. That was how he survived the evening
No one out of the ordinary was spotted by the three hundred policemen
Sherlock, you bastard. I don't know what to do anymore. I don't understand as to what I should feel. Sherlock was dead, and he was still wishing me a happy birthday and apologizing for not being here. Even after being dead, he still has managed to mess up the world I created. I feel very angry, frustrated that how he could control me. How, even after his death, he still managed to have a hold on me.
“Don’t lie to me, Riley. He was here last night, and if he’s left this house without me knowing, I will search every dark corner of this city to find him.” She handed Riley over to Sally and pushed the door open with her foot, looking around, “I have Mr. Brook’s safety in mind which is more than I can ever say for you.” The flat was quiet, it looked empty, but she cleared it and found Brook in the bedroom. As soon as he saw her, registered her uniform, his eyes widened.
“I saw the prick tonight. Why do you think I knew where to find Davenport’s body?”
“Sorry?” A wrinkle appeared between his eyebrows, he was caught off-guard by the question. Had been the first time, too, if Sherlock recalled rightly. And he never forgot. Never forgot a single thing about the man who was John H. Watson, Captain of the 5th Royal Northumberland Fusiliers. Soldier, doctor, friend,
“Shit!” He almost collapsed, and that was so embarrassing. Had it really been so long since someone had done this for him that he reacted so violently? Sherlock just chuckled and gave a gentle squeeze before going down on him, sliding the condom into place using careful teeth and suction to get everything just right. It took every bit of willpower John had to stay still, it was probably the most erotic thing John had ever experienced. And it wasn’t even foreplay! Was it? When Sherlock pulled back, he was beaming like a fool on Shrove Tuesday, his face as flushed as John’s was.
“I don’t think you’d believe me, Inspector.” John cleared his throat. Holmes had mentioned someone named Lestrade, was this him? He seemed to remember seeing that on his name-strip the other night at the pub. John hadn’t been paying attention to much that night, more focused on the fact that he was being arrested, but he had paid attention to the man putting him in handcuffs. This had to be Lestrade, there couldn’t possibly be that many people in London with such an unusual name, could there?
“Oh, don’t act like you didn’t enjoy pulling rank in there.” Greg elbowed him, “Liar.”
“Yes, sir.” Anderson backed off, apparently knowing this wasn’t a fight to pick right this minute. John followed Greg to a body that had clearly been in the water for a while, taking the pair of offered nitrile gloves. At first glance, he’d say two weeks in the water. Bloating and decomp was pretty advanced and there were very few recognizable features.
been outside, but he encountered her coming into the house.
Sherlock had to smile. Lestrade knew how to get his attention. And really, he wanted out. Something like a case would be the perfect distraction. And he wanted to introduce John to his brother’s Amarante boyfriend sooner than later. He might as well, since they were likely to be in-laws at some point and it was looking very likely that John would be not only living with him but possibly working with him.
When a missing-persons call came in for Beth Davenport, a Junior MP, around eleven pm on the 27th, Judith was among the few who didn’t think she was just wandering the streets of London in a tipsy haze, safe but out of harm’s way. Judith was on duty that night and spent a few hours scouring the out-of-the-way spots her associates skimmed over on a regular day, never mind the night a politician was reported missing by her aides.
to yours.” A sharp look at his hair, which was quite a bit shorter than it had been. “I do like it, though. Still has a bit of curl to it.”
“Do you miss him, sir?”
“Are you okay?” Watson looked him over, concerned by the way Sherlock had appeared at the door like that.
have.” Sherlock’s voice was just as soft, but his intent just as clear. John didn’t say anything, the message was obvious and understood. The young detective’s focus shifted and settled at last on the faded starburst scar on John’s shoulder. Sherlock would know, by touch and deduction alone, which parts of the scar were from the bullet that had torn through his shoulder and left a hole in more than just his chest, and which was from the numerous surgeries in the days and months that followed.
This was nothing short of a confession, and they were getting every bloody word on record. Hutchinson made a gesture for him to keep Mary talking. No problem. John wasn’t going to be nice, he had no reason to be nice.
be equal in any way to Mycroft Holmes?”
“You call me an idiot.”
“He’s right next to me, John. Focus on us, focus on the sound of our breathing. Come on back, you’re safe.” She rested her hands on her thighs, keeping her eyes closed. Sherlock would be her eyes. He had one hand on her shoulder. Slowly, her brother came back from whatever dark place his nightmare had taken him to and Judith found herself rocking him in her arms when he came looking for physical contact. Sherlock was holding onto him as well, offering a grounding for John. After a while, Sherlock started to hum. Judith recognized the tune and smiled, running her fingers through her brother’s hair in slow, soothing strokes.
could someone like him do? What kind of standard nine-to-five employment could possibly keep him interested and occupied? Practising medicine didn’t hold any appeal at all, and he didn’t feel like hunting the private security sector for work. Wasn’t he better than paid muscle?
“Hey.” He tilted his head, “You ever seen Mycroft’s house?”
“As long as he doesn’t try to break Brook out of jail.”
“I’m happy to be useful where I can be.” Strange took Sherlock’s hand in his for a moment. Something unspoken passed between the two men before Strange turned and looked at Greg as he walked away down the hall. Greg shared a look with Sherlock as he followed Strange.
like gravity holding her still. Looking to her right, she saw the sparse early traffic passing her by on Grosvernor. To her right stood Davies Street, which she had been down many,
“I didn’t know that was possible.”
He’d only been inside for a few minutes, but Greg sounded tired. Judith suspected it was because of Anderson, who stonewalled them when they reached the house. Sherlock had a few snappy deductions to make and spit them out with typical glee, Judith and the other two got to enjoy watching Anderson splutter and squirm while Sherlock picked him apart.
n. Gaelic for "English person," 1771, Sassenaugh, literally "Saxon," fromGaelic Sasunnach, from Latin Saxones, from a Germanic source (cf. OldEnglish Seaxe "the Saxons;" see Saxon ). The modern form of the word was established c.1814 by Sir Walter Scott, from Scottish Sasunnoch, Irish Sasanach, Welsh Seisnig.
his brother Mycroft. But Mycroft didn’t call Baker Street, he called
“It took far too much effort, consider yourself fortunate I cared enough to spend the time and effort to even bother.”
“Only one of him in the world, thank god.”
“Mr Holmes. Captain Watson.”
“I’m not supposed to be on for the next call, so can I interest you in a drink?”
“And you have too much time on your hands.” He said drolly, “Go start a war or something if you’re really that bored.”
you! I’ve…done and seen so many things and so many people, but…”
“Sorry, sir. I was, er, pushed off my feet.” John was drunk and frustrated, but not stupid, and blinked. The man he’d been shoved into narrowed beady eyes at him and closed one hand around John’s collar. Well, shit.
“What?” John reached out and stroked a stray damp curl out of Sherlock’s face.
"I've solved it. Yes! I've been so blind" Sherlock jumped, after an hour of silent contemplation.
Being great was my only ambition in life. I wanted to leave behind a legacy where people were awed with my deductions, even after two hundred years. My brain helped me achieve that, but was I ready to sacrifice my very personality for one man? I was in the worst kind of war: A war with myself.
I know he's saying something and my mind barely registers what he's saying but I am somewhere else. A thousand voices – each voicing a different thought, a different emotion. I felt conflicted – as if there were multiple parts of me, each having their own personality and each part wanting to me to either kiss him or punch him. Is this what insanity felt like?
"I'm sorry" he said in a low voice, careful not to let his voice be heard in other rooms.
Please say yes.
Sherlock merely nodded, going into a trance-like state, picturing himself in the murder scene. The first scene: three people, cosily playing cards, having fun. The windows are closed (it was winter- John had been surprisingly good with the details. It was a thirty page book). So, there must have been a fireplace or an electric heater keeping them warm. They may have a hot beverage – cocoa? Mark leaves, claiming he had to go back to his flat. They all say goodbye and Mark leaves. The door is closed and the windows are secured. No sign of footprints near the windows.
"So, I am your best friend?" Sherlock asks, clinging onto the slightest hope that John would say "something more"
Come to the Diogenes Club. NOW.
The client came in and after a few preliminary deductions (or in other words, showing off), Sherlock sat in his arm-chair and folded his palms.
"Use your brain, Lestrade. There are so many ways. One: They could have stolen it from the staff. Two: They are a tech genius. Three: The couple let them in. I could go on all day" Sherlock, now, going through the official file since he had no other option.
Ship on the North Sea. Second robbery. A sword was stolen.
"Quite alright now, Mr. Sagarson. Thank you"
Yes, Sherlock
. We know. Continue" Sherlock murmured, his eyes still closed.
They both in fact had a pretty good time. John went back to his room, pleased with how life was. He completely forgot what it is that he was going to do tomorrow.
John calmed himself, laughing at Sherlock. It was alright really. They were friends. John never really felt that way for Sherlock. It was just people's assumptions got on his nerves. They were doing it for a case and John felt slightly ashamed for his outburst earlier. It wasn't like he would have to
I know it broke your heart
to play with their kids,
"No. No. No. No no no. Please Molly, tell me he's alive. Please tell me he'll be back after three years. Please, Molly. Please, I'm begging you" I plead with her with tears in my eyes.
Not trusting himself to speak, John merely shrugged. Diana smiled at them both again, this time with much more enthusiasm.
Dear Hamish,
Not this time
The people who are going to read that for the first time don't know it's Sherlock's birthday. Shh!
I decide that Mrs. Hudson deserved an apology. She had been a rock and I never did thank her for the things she did for me. However, she cuts me off.
Please note that these conversations have been arranged in chronological order and the details have been omitted for the sake of brevity.
A gaggle of girls and a few other people surrounded him, all of them who seemed to feel the song as much as I did. They heard the music, they closed their eyes – was it possible that this song meant as much as to them as it did for me? For me, the music talked about loss. He played the song three times in total and the more I heard it, the more it made sense. He paused after the third time, looking at his audience. He smiled at all of us, asking how we felt. The girls replied in French, using beautiful and complex words. Words that flowed like magic but whose meaning I did not know. It kind of made sense though. How else would you describe something you can never hope to completely understand? He thanked them politely. He then looked at me. It was a brief look, but he seemed
Looking for betas who'll push me into finishing this fic before I die.
Sherlock: (draft) You're safe now. And that's all that matters.
John: (draft) Why did you jump?
Sherlock turned it all over in his head. It was a real case alright. Look at the difference between John's pretend one and a real one. No matter how John tried, reality provided a much complex array of situations and no guarantee that you hold all the cards in your hands to win. Something fiction could never achieve. Fiction always had its solution in the box in which it revolves. Real cases, on the other hand, push you harder and harder. There is no box. You keep on looking. Real life was the ultimate puzzle.
"Sherlock! I don't know if you like John that way but you sure want him as a friend. So, at least tell him that"
My warning isn't subtle anymore.
SHSHSHSHSH
Well, that explained why John blocked his messages. This was something John wanted to talk about in person.
I was about to sleep when I received a text. Funnily enough, my text made the same noise Sherlock's did when he met Irene. Wait, there was the noise again. But, it sounds more male. Not the same noise, then. I opened my phone. I received two texts from Sherlock. Huh. I wonder when Irene got hold of my phone. I hope it's not a plea, no, wait, order for help. I really had no strength to run after criminals today.
"Mycroft!"
John’s phone had stopped vibrating but he was not very worried. He walked forward slowly, trying different directions to see if the phone would vibrate. He could hear the frantic scuttling all around him and Tom’s never-stopping commentary although John could not comprehend a word of it. He moved slowly, not wanting to hit his face to the wall (which, by the sound of the cursing, someone already had). One of the ropes hit his face once, but he quickly moved away because he was not allowed to loiter near it without his partner.
(See the end of the chapter for
SHSHSHSHSH
(1:12 p.m.) Alright, fine. I'll get ready in twenty. Honestly, you can't nap in here!
This hit me. I know John thinks of me as an unemotional stone man, but that's not me. I have difficulty expressing feelings. I envy John so much for that. He could charm a whole room without difficulty while I have problems charming even a single person (ok maybe two, because you know, Molly). I never could charm people for a long time. People only like me when I pretend to be someone else. The only people who's liked me, even after knowing me, is John, Mrs. Hudson, Molly, and Lestrade. And, Moriarty was right. That was why I loved them.
John: (draft) I am just so used to typing your number, I suppose.
John: (draft) But I know that if I had the chance, I wouldn't do it.
"John. You have been shot in the shoulder. You thought you were going to die. You have a psychosomatic limp. Why won't you just admit to yourself that you need help?"
No. No no no no. I was over Sherlock. Universe, listen to me. I am married now. I am over Sherlock. I loved Mary.
SHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSH
For the first time, Sherlock took Mycroft's advice.
Mycroft's sending me a car
"Sarah? I need to attend a book event….."
SHSHSH
I was beginning to feel a little anxious – it had been three days since the texts had arrived. My despair at his ignorance to my almost-professed love vanished in the face of him facing danger. I ached to join him in whatever mad chase he was in right now. Despite what Sherlock believed, I helped him in catching criminals, no longer because of the adrenaline – I did it to make sure Sherlock would be safe. Not that Sherlock would know that, the unobservant git.
"No, no, no. I prefer to think of it as a new chapter" Sherlock said, trying his best to sound indifferent. Optimistic, even. Mycroft did not need to know what Sherlock was going through right now.
“He silently begged me to do your eye and lip makeup too, you know. Don’t tell him!” she giggled in his ear.
If I hadn't come back, you wouldn't be standing there, and you'd still have a future...
He would think and then decide. John moves closer slowly, cruelly. Because dream John knows the power of anticipation. He leans in, letting his breathe tickle Sherlock's lips. He looks Sherlock right in the eye, they would gaze at each other for an eternity and then John's lips brush Sherlock's. Sherlock sighs (slightly moans) at the thought, furious that his brain wouldn't let him see further. He knew real life was rarely so neat. Or, so he told himself in the morning, when the impulse to touch John would decrease considerably.
There. I said it. The waiting was over. I couldn't wait anymore. It was make/break. My phone beeps.
theimprobableone: I read this blog for Sherlock. Could you post more about him and maybe none of your contemplation?
Tiring day at work, then? – SH
I smile. It's funny what one text can do, if it's from the right person.
I'm waiting in a bank vault for the criminal. It's quite boring – SH
What if….I couldn't even put it into words. What if I was an experiment?
(1:34 p.m.) Here's another.
Sherlock scowled. He could literally hear the smugness dripping off Mycroft's voice.
Mr. Holmes
"Adler's head was bashed up. Sher..his head was fine. There wasn't a problem identifying him" she said.
The tension in the room suddenly rose. Even John felt a little competitive. He had known Sherlock for a greater time than any of these couples knew each other. They lived together since the first day they met. He felt that Sherlock
Mycroft: I don't recall asking your help for anything.
Sherlock suspected a past love affair. After all, they were newlyweds. Whoever it was, they must have had a card to get in. He spent a lot of time going through their life history. The woman Diana apparently had an ex-husband Richard whom she had divorced a year ago. The present husband, Alex had an ex-fiancée who he had dumped for Diana. Richard currently lived in London while the fiancée lived in Nottingham. Motive was apparent.
They both knew that a shift in the relationship had occurred, Both of the acknowledged it and silently regretted it.
Mycroft shakes his head internally. Did Sherlock really think Mycroft didn't know?
I shake my head. I remember the night of my hallucination. Everything was so clear, so detailed. I feel pissed at Sherlock for saying it was a lie. Especially when he was right.
"Mrs. Hudson!" the man looked up, a genuine smile lighting up his face. He hugged her before she could say something. His arms felt strong and secure.
After reading our conversation again (for the fifth time), I decide to find out when Sherlock's birthday was. He deserved the attention he gave me. He literally told me that he loved attention.
"Music is about telling a story. Those French girls keep falling all over me, just because I have money or power or whatever. No one actually
"They are going to quiz the couples about each other and see how much they know each other. Apparently, that is a measurement of the love they have for each other" Sherlock said, now looking away from the phone.
This time, Mycroft had no regrets tapping into Sherlock's and John's phones. With Moriarty (or his plans atleast) around, Mycroft had to protect Sherlock by any means necessary. Sherlock was blinded with grief and it haunted Mycroft every single night. Sherlock agreeing to die with a mere shrug of his shoulder, then his consequent overdose – the memories almost killed Mycroft. Unlike Sherlock, grief and anger just made Mycroft work harder. He tightened security six-fold (double the security her Majesty had), monitoring every criminal network ever known in London. He still received monthly reports on their mobile activity although Mycroft was no longer very worried about the emotional content of the texts. He had much bigger fish to fry.
Sherlock Holmes: Mrs. Hudson, a man's life was hanging in the balance. Surely, you wouldn't be conceited to think your kitchen was worth more than his life.
"Um...I like to read fiction. And telly. A lot of telly."
"So, you are telling me, an ordinary thief, a single person, got through your security system? A system that included Agent Delta?" John said, his face full of glee.
SHSHSH
It broke my heart to see John on the hospital bed. He really cared about me. I understood then how hard it had been for John to see my "dead" body. I had to show him that I wasn't dead. That impulse had completely ruined John. I only hope that he would forgive me for playing with his mind.
While Sherlock was on his way to (if you haven't already figured it out) St. Bartholomew's, he kept thinking about what he didn't know. Why was he being summoned to the lab? Was there a case? God forbid, was it an
"I know exactly how that feels. The first time I met Matt, I was shaking" he acknowledged, shooting a knowing look at Matt.
Why do you think I know what to do?
“If I am stuck here I might as well buy some cigarettes.....and takeout.”
I don't know what to say. Molly began crying again but I hardly pay attention to her. My world was collapsing. I was on the brink of insanity. I feel many things, so many things that I don't know what I feel anymore. Sherlock was here yesterday. I was surer of the fact than my own name. I don't understand. Forget understand, I didn't even know what was happening to me. But, then, something hits me.
Hopkins: That makes a lot of sense actually. Thanks Sherlock!
“Okay, just hold each of my arm, both of you” she directed John’s hand to hers.
(4:09 p.m) So?
Sherlock: London Aquarium. Come immediately. SH
(1:13 p.m.) Yay!
"Plenty" Sherlock said, whipping out his phone again.
Really, John? I expected something more along the lines of my…never mind. Favourite color…I already told you I have no favorites! It's illogical, preferring something over the other for no reason. However, purple appeases my eyes, to answer your question – SH
I am calling the police.
I decided to live in the flat Mycroft chose for me. There was no way I could live in 221 B after what happened. Sherlock was 221 B. I could never live there knowing that I wouldn't see Sherlock shooting the walls anymore. Or, that I would wake up at inane hours for his cases. His violin…he played beautifully when he wanted to. There would be no waking up or sleeping listening to him. I could not live there, where I'm reminded of the past I could never have again. It was too cruel and I did not want to do that to myself.
Up above in cloud nine
"The what?"
Sherlock looks at her leaving.
I masked my indifference about him not liking anything. It felt like he was indirectly telling me "You are just a guy in seven billion. Why would I choose you without reason. It's illogical. Stop dreaming man."
However, Sherlock got up. It was enough that he had to be best man. He did not have to listen to the love of his life talking about his fiancée.
No answer. Strange. She was here last night (Sherlock distinctly remembered her bringing some tea for him) and it was actually quite early in the morning. Where could she have gone?
I loved John Watson.
you die?
Sherlock: (draft) I didn't sign up for this.
Sherlock halted in triumph and John’s head met his shoulder bone (no complaints mate).
Sherlock: (draft) Why did you come? Why were you angry at the drug den? Why do you care? Why are you still here? Why must you come into my life every time I'm close to healing?
I stop and stare. Was I really that obvious?
Agent Delta, what is your position and how long does he require? Over.
It's just to make you look good even though you behaved like…
"For my wedding. For me. I need a best man"
“Oh, no, no, we are not
I was having my lunch, my fork dancing on the plate but never quite reaching my mouth when my phone made "the noise". I blushed, noticing everyone's looks on me.
When joined, all the dots corresponded to a letter. The letter S.
John got up, realizing his one hour was up. Thank heavens! He made for the door, desperate to leave. He stopped midway opening the door.
Will I? Doubts start creeping in. For the first time, I feel incredibly angry at myself. Angry for letting him control me. Why should I mope around for a man who never truly cared about me? Who may/may not have loved me? It was high time that I moved on. Maybe I'll ask that nurse out.
SHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHS
I see red. I've never hated Mycroft more. How dare he interfere again in my life? This was one of the most important decisions of my life. I hate him. I swear he'll pay for this. I knew what was coming. He'll send men to kidnap me if I don't go to him. This had happened before.
"I don't have to
"Oh I see how it is. Mike Stamford."
(4:28 p.m) On my way.
SHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHS
But, John isn't fully angry. He still did not understand. He was still in denial about the bomb, I suppose. I rub my eyes, stinging them in the process.
"You're bluffing. I
I wake up again, in the middle of the night. And, my heart thumps loudly when I see a silhouette near the door. The shadow moved closer and I realized who it was. It wasn't Sherlock. It was Molly. Molly Hooper. How irrelevant.
Sherlock: (draft) What if I told you how I really felt when I could?
very own make-up crew! The legends behind the magic you see! They've just finished with the band who, by the way, are modelling for a cover right now. Just imagine getting your make-up done by someone who's made Matt's iconic eyebrows or Diana's trend-setting marbled hair!"
Sherlock: (draft) A father! Congratulations! Now, if you will excuse me, my needles need attention.
Maybe attention was the way to win his heart? I get up, determined to show that I cared for him.
I've deleted it – SH
"Finally!" Sherlock whispered to John.
"So, John. How's your blog going?" asked Ella, an all-knowing look on her face.
Sherlock: (draft) I broke the single Vow I made you.
Not meeting you – JW
John: (draft) YOU...YOU PSYCHOPATH.
She nods, typing away on her BlackBerry.
"I believe you, really I do"
However, I was a little worried, especially since there was no service in the Underground. We weren't equipped to handle bombs! I do not understand what Sherlock's plan is, but it better involve bomb disposal.
But I
(6:14 p.m.) I thought you'd never ask! Yes!
Sherlock blabs, not wanting to lose the mask he had so carefully placed. It had to stay on for the entire day.
The page that opened was his profile page.
Molly writes a letter to Hamish
I turn and snap my fingers. It was show time.
I instantly hate this man. He sounded too much like Mycroft except that he accepted that there were wiser heads. As for not escorting John, that explained his attitude. However, I can see that John is more than a little irritated about my frustration on being bored. I'll take the case then.
13:07
Because he
John: (draft) I did nothing today. That describes my life perfectly now. Empty.
to use me for some reason. I was in love with a man who never loved me back. I lived a cursed life, my dating life was a joke. (I did date a guy once who felt normal. Turns out he was a psychopath who only dated me to get to Sherlock. Not to worry, he's dead and no one misses him). It was dull, no it was
Evidently, Lisa and Tom (her brother who went mad) had been playing cards with Mark (the lover). Mark and Tom were apparently good friends. Lisa and Mark once dated but they had a mutual breakup when they found out they wanted different things. Lisa soon started dating a guy called Adam online. No one knew who Adam was, except that he lived in Africa and soon intended to meet his online girlfriend. When he was contacted and told she was dead and how the brother went mad, he expressed some curiosity and little remorse and soon cut off all contact with Lisa's family.
. He snorted loudly which surprised everyone. He put on an expression of someone whose ego had just been injured.
Treasure hunt? Interesting. It didn't sound so easy either. Maybe,
deserved a gift for giving Sherlock a friend for life. Sherlock secretly conceded.
Cold feet, brother mine? – MH
I wake up, this time in a new apartment, and there's Mycroft sitting opposite to me.
"Mycroft" I growl. How dare he intercept my mail?
*Notification*
you Sherlock Holmes" John said.
13:15
Sherlock did not reply, instead opting to open his presents.
Mary had joined as a replacement nurse for my existing nurse. She surprised me by asking me out. One great thing about Mary was that she understood. She understood that I loved Sherlock (Of course, she thought I loved him platonically). She understood that she will never be my entire world. She was okay with being only a part of my world. She had traumas of her own, she once said. She understood that she was never supposed to talk about Sherlock and I understood that I shouldn't ask about her past. She observed spectacularly. She knew what things would set me off. She understood my one week off a year rule. Meeting Mary has been one of the best things that could have ever happened to me. She taught me a new philosophy:
There was a pause. A pause in which both looked at each other in the eyes, hoping that the other would break the silence. Every moment felt important, every breath heavy. This was the case with all important moments. They appeared trivial to outsiders.
"The test is complete but John just texted me to ask you to eat something and only then to reveal the test results"
I take my glasses off in a flourish.
My eyes have teared up long before my pen touched the paper so forgive me for the smudges. On second thoughts, I should have typed this. Death was never a thing which scared me. Death was inevitable, death happens to everyone. That is absolute fact and I never really felt afraid of it. Until now. Now that I finally have friends who truly care for me and the most beautiful godson - I am terrified of death. I am terrified of the damage my death will cause. I am terrified of not being able to be there for you.
"You talk like a child. Seeing you isn't enough. That only makes him a friend. I don't want to clean up after the mess this will create. Forget him. For God's sakes, stop acting like a love-struck teenager"
I have left a few things left unexplained. Feel free to contact me.
Sherlock quickly replied:
I control myself from talking to John. It had been two years since I was this close. Part of me hoped John would see me and thus see through my disguise. But no, he is too busy looking at the menu. Food. Seriously, John?
~**~~
I formally kissed her on the cheek and left. She visits us every weekend now.
Sherlock: (draft) It really is over.
"Please lay a table for two tonight. I am bringing a guest" he told her, pulling on his gloves
After talking to the other band members, they finally got to meet Matt. He shook both their hands warmly, a patient smile on his face.
Sherlock immediately left to comb his hair. John nodded mutely.
I see Sherlock, and he's scared.
It was a tactic on Mycroft's part. He knew that Anthea was angry because Mycroft didn't trust her. The only way to win a servant's loyalty was to let them believe that you trust them.
John: (draft) WHy would you let me do this to yyou
A text noise interrupts my wanderings.
"I know. I have a list. Mycroft has a file" he answered. His face was a mask of complete indifference. But, Mrs. Hudson knew it was a mask.
"The manager!" Sherlock reverted to his old voice, for which John was grateful. His voice seemed to have woken John up. The man in front of him was his
John: Hey
I try falling asleep but I can't. A tiny, hopeful voice inside me asks me to wait. Maybe Sherlock was busy with the thieves? He did say he loved us (although in a very albeit manner). I decide to wait until Sherlock returns. I would decide then. No need to get so depressed. There would be time for that later.
The husband Alex's suitcase was more organised. He had a lot of formal shirts. He was a man made of money and it was transparent that Diana chose a wealthier husband this time (Richard wasn't exactly what you would call rich). However, Sherlock was searching for things that were missing rather than what was in there. Everything seemed in order. Alex and Diana were Americans who met each other in the beach and spent their first date in a lighthouse. It was there he proposed to her. (All this apparent from a photograph taken shortly after the proposal) Diana was proudly pointing at her ring while Alex was proudly pointing at her. First date, thus the location. Alex made a lot of money when he set up his company (business cards in his pockets).
On the matters of trust, Hamish, it is a very fragile thing that is the beginning to all relationships. Do not break one's trust without good reason. And, also, do not trust easily. But of course, I trust your uncle Mycroft has a lecture and an exam prepared on the topic so I will not dwell on that.
Your loving and annoyingly observant father,
No activity on the outermost zone. Over.
John Watson: No, Harry, I haven't met anyone new.
One of the major reasons of why I liked Sherlock was this. He gives so much attention to everything I do, everything I wear, everywhere I go. It's hard not to get addicted to such attention. It's one of the reasons my relationships don't go well. My girlfriends know nothing, don't want to know, either. It's like they don't care about me at all. Once you get used to Sherlock's attention, you get irritated if your girlfriends forget the slightest things about you. Frankly, all of the girls I met till now just feel like silicone dolls with no brains at all. And look at Sherlock.
"Surprise" Sherlock continued his non-chalant tone "and by the way, start calling me WIlliam"
"He was clever. The chain left a print on her neck. It would be realised missing immediately. SO, would the rings but again that just proves how much people can't see what they don't see."
I play dumb. I had no intention of walking down the memory lane.
John: (draft) I met this really nice girl and...
For someone to have played that music...Maybe it was a fluke. Maybe he was playing some other person's music. That must be it.
Sherlock sat on his own bed, recalling the adventures of the day. He had woken up confused and was now even more confused. Sherlock opened Mycroft's present, an attempt to think about something else. They were wedding rings, a family heirloom. The note read:
John cut him off, as if he was suddenly broken out of a reverie.
This was it. The speech. Finally accepting his place in John's new life.
"Hello again!" Tom said, no,
"Because..." Sherlock stuttered, eyes wide. "Because...you like me"
"What?"
It's the only way I'll get to know you – JW
John: (draft) Please stop. Fucking please.
I decide to kill myself, for real this time. My gun was at 221 B. I decide I would do it there. It would be more symbolic. I leave Ella, telling her I would visit Sherlock's grave and say the things I didn't say. She smiles, believing me.
"Right then. Into battle"
John: (draft) Sherlock.
(5:30 p.m.) Yeah, I am outside the flat. I see the car. Should I get in?
Both of them sneaked out, determined not to let anyone see them. They soon found the manager's room. He was apparently in because they could hear him talk on the phone. Sherlock frowned and beckoned John so that they could leave.
If you are reading this, it means I and John believe that you have come of age. That you are finally ready to break out of the shell we've made for you. I know that you've been very eager to "take on the world", but I assure you, it is not as beautiful as you've painted. There aren't many things that you will actually like but they are the things worth fighting for. They are the things that will define you and your life.
. The singer Matt apparently witnessed a marriage and was inspired by the wedding vows and wrote
John merely sat with Sherlock, listening to Sherlock's deductions.
Oh my god
E: Haha, I just looked up your blog. You're quite popular ;)
There may not be time for that now
(1:11 p.m.) Oh! Were you nice?
But you beat me to death Watson
He seems reassured by my reaction.
I was shot in the shoulder in Afghanistan and thus deported. I was given some money, but what use was money to a broken man? A man who understood that life was without purpose and the other seven billion are
John: (draft) I FUCKING HATE YOU
He can't do it. He just can't do it. Sherlock would have dearly liked to run away from the wedding and just cry until he cant anymore. But, no, he had to be strong. John's happiness mattered to him the most.
Now, to the matter at hand. The main purpose of this letter is to give you some piece of advice which will hopefully help you in this quest called life.
I smile. John's learning, not much, but atleast a little.
"The wedding!"
"Mary Morstan"
I realized what he was going to do. I yell like an animal. But too late, he has already jumped. The world goes blank to me. I can no longer see, no longer hear, no longer feel. My mind is frizzled right now. I cannot comprehend anything. Sherlock…gone? How? It was impossible. I was ready to take a bullet for him, but now? There was no way Sherlock…no, he might still be alive. The thought kick-starts my brain and I rush towards Sherlock.
Date of Birth: 15th January XXXX
No one answered. Everyone was looking at each other with hope and worry. Ruby (our previous make-up artist), came to blindfold us. She put the fold on Sherlock and then slowly put on John’s.
The conclusion was inevitable.
Because you are Sherlock Holmes and you are as clever as it gets
John: (draft) All you had to do was stay.
should go through it alone. We will get over it.
"It'll take me two hours to run all the tests. These are some unusual toxins you have in there. It should make the process easier."
"Client!" Sherlock literally jumped out of his arm-chair and flopped about the room like a nine-year old girl. John, too used to these behavioral swings, merely got up to get his note-pad.
Sherlock's head reels with phrases. No, this wouldn't do. The mask he had placed vanishes. He's vulnerable. He looks at John's seat. This was the sacrifice he had to make for the happiness of the man he loved.
The story is now being continued as a part of a story called The Treasure Hunt becasue I really wanted that fic to be readable as a standalone. Sorry for the inconvenience.
I see red. I go absolutely mad. All those emotions that I had pent up suddenly broke loose. Love, grief, hate, regret, surprise, gratitude – every emotion. I wonder for a second if I was hallucinating again – if my brain conjured Sherlock up in the hope that I won't be moving on. As a sign that I still loved him. But, no, Mary's looking at him as well.
with owning you? Because that's what it is. John
SHSHSHSHSHSHSHSH
Sherlock: (draft) I don't deserve your trust. I don't deserve your love. I don't deserve you.
"You wouldn't." John challenged her.
I accept your deal. Get your best man speech ready –MH
"I am not involved"
Ok, my turn. If you don't mind, I'll ask you the same question – SH
Friends who would die for me. Friends who would go along with me through my battles. That is my only lesson to you, Hamish. Have lots of friends but make sure you know who the real ones are. This will save you a lot of pain.
There was a very enthusiastic chant of "Yessss" from the seven couples. The eighth couple, however, were too engrossed observing a heated discussion between the director Mr. Sagarson and Agatha, the girl who Sherlock helped before. The discussion soon ended and Agatha brought a huge black-colored box and placed it in front of Tom.
Sherlock: (draft) It really is over then. It's over, John. It's over.
The evidence contained the list of names of all people and a more informative narrative on each of them. The dead girl's (Lisa's) and the dead boy's (Mark's) clothes, the autopsy report (idiots!) and possible suspects were what contained of the evidence.
(8:23 p.m) Okay, okay. WHERE WERE YOU? DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA HOW WORRIED I WAS? I made Mycroft search all dens in case you slipped.
It was a pity Sherlock did not see out of the window. Or else, he would have seen John furiously kicking some dustbins.
Sherlock: (draft) I'll just stay here, being in love with you. And then in the end, you can break my heart.
"Wait, what?" Frankly, I was too happy to see Sherlock again that I momentarily lost concentration in the conversation. I should really stop staring at him. Sherlock would notice at once.
The words reverberate around my head. It was the first time I acknowledged verbally that I was permanently moving on from Sherlock. For the first time, I realize the weight of the ring in my pocket.
That I know you will solve
John: (draft) Actually, please don't come.
"So, the big question. The best man"
John: (draft) I'm going to your grave today. To say goodbye.
John: (draft) You never really cared about me, did you? I was nothing but a tool.
15th January? I still had a month to go. I call Molly.
That was easy. Birth certificate, hospital records and driving license. Or I could ask Mycroft. He did owe me one after the fall. I decide against it. I didn't want Mycroft in between me and Sherlock
"Thank you, Rogers. You may go now" Mycroft said, immediately turning on his 221 B spy cameras.
John: (draft) God damn it. Why can't I move on?
I'm relieved beyond measure. I say a small thank you to the world.
He went through the items possessed by the dead people when they died.
Tom’s voice knocked some sense into John. Sherlock prodded John with his shoulder for the sake of the people watching. They both faked an expression of delight on finding each other (not so fake in John’s case, however). Sherlock took John’s hand in his and strode forward, clearly knowing what he was doing. John just held on to Sherlock’s hand, savouring the touch while it lasted. Sherlock halted to a stop, cursing slightly. Tony and Hannah had already used that rope. What were the odds? 0.25.
Now, that I think of it, you saying thank you is certainly ironic – JW
Sherlock: (draft) So many lies. What do you see in her?
Look as good as the day I met you
(1:14 p.m.) Yes, I was in a hurry this morning. Like you didn't know already. Roomie!
"It was just a song!"
Sherlock scowled internally. He sounded like a bloody teenage movie heroine.
13:10
And those
A slight smile. Clink of cutlery while we ate. This man was confusing and yet. I felt like I knew him all my life.
"John! John!"
The case was a seven. I wish John had come. I made a few deductions which he would have loved. I found out that the client's bank (client is the owner of a major bank) is going to be robbed. The client has been receiving death threats but he did not realize the criminals were going to hit his bank first. I found out which branch they were going to steal, and now I'm in the vaults, waiting for them. My homeless network estimate they are going to hit the bank in six hours, so I'll have to wait till then. The client is with me but he's too anxious to talk to. I consider going to my mind palace, but I stop. My mind palace was too messed up, Moriarty's network took a lot of work in my mind palace. I may have to build a new one. I open my phone and see if I received any texts. I see John's name, and before I knew it, I sent hi.
The thought of John made Sherlock open the envelope for the next clue.
John: Be there as soon as I can.
"So, basically we are looking for a thief. He has quite a track record. But, why now? What did he steal to capture your attention?" Anthea asked, glancing through the file.
Sherlock is alive. He does not love me back the way I do. I have a woman in my life who was willing to take me despite my flaws, despite knowing that she would be always second in my world. Life offered me two options here: Chase Sherlock or have Mary. I was tired of chasing Sherlock. There was only one option left.
Probably came for the food
"Mycroft?" I giggle. It was funny, imagining the British Government wearing a party hat.
"It won't be like that. John would never do that to me" I reply.
The first time was for playing with my mind.
John: (draft) Especially when I know you don't?
"I'm sorry, what?" John asked, not taking in even a single word. It all sounded like those corny movies his girlfriends made him watch.
Three hours later
Forget dinner with Adler
"Mr. and uh... Mr. Atkins, are you ready?" Agatha came in, and asked.
John: (draft) She lied to us again. How MANY TIMES are you going to die for her?!
Dispelling other thoughts, he quickly opened the second note.
Her face completely morphs.
"So, who composed it? What's it called? I would really like to buy it"
By the way, why are you texting? You want my help? – JW
She glanced at her watch and frowned. It had been three days since the gentleman had been using the factory. She was used to him using the factory for insanely long periods of time – what she did not understand was that when the man ate and slept. He never brought food and there was no suitable place for him to sleep. Mrs. Hudson had the suspicion that he didn't eat or sleep while working. Not surprising, really. Anyone who had seen him work could see how important his work was to him. He would lose himself in his work – he wouldn't respond, wouldn't look up, wouldn't talk. Once, Mrs. Hudson found that he had set something on fire in another room. The smoke was enough to alarm her – someone who had been standing three blocks away. Yet, when she came in, she found him hunched up, doing his work, completely ignoring the smoke.
but when he reached the auditorium, atleast half of London's population seemed to have made it their mission to get selected. John adjusted his wig nervously and gave their details to the man in charge. The couples would be given a number and it was more or less like a lottery draw. John texted their number
That had been the Final Problem. The problem of dealing with all these
John nodded.
"Okay, bye."
I gasp inwardly. I see a ring box in his coat. John was going to propose to me! He is ordering the champagne to celebrate! My heart is racing and I do everything I can to stop revealing myself to him. I am giddy with joy.
Well, think of something
John: Mary says it's fine
I'll show the wound on my shoulder
All right. What was the first thing that you ever said to me? – JW
John: (draft) It started with the butterflies but you could have warned me that it would end in pain.
He truly was the British Government.
SHSHSHSHSHSH
I need you here. Westminster Station. Hurry! – SH
"You're afraid"
The Fall was something he never brought up and John, while angry at first, forgave him after the bonfire incident. The reason Sherlock never brought it up was simple. He did not want John to know the amount of
Not that he needed to. He was going to join them on stage anyway.
"No" John cut him off.
"So sorry, Tara and Samantha! And, William and..."
that arose with the realization that he was willing to die for John. Needless to say, he panicked. He ran away as soon as he could. Perhaps, part of Sherlock believed John would move on, that if he
SHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHS
"Oh, come on, John. Half fridge space and no experiments in the house for two weeks"
Carrying you was a difficult time for me. Perhaps, that was when I grew. I grew along with you. I had to endure countless taunts from parents (When are you getting for yourself eh?). It wasn't easy but that's what made me strong. I learned to accept, learned to not give a damn about what people thought. I learnt the art of living my own life, living it in my own terms. I learned to let go of the things I couldn't change. I learnt to be happy about the things I had in life and be satisified. I became the boss of my own life. These are lessons that make me who I am today and I only hope you don't learn them the hard way like I did.
"No way. You can't do that. You don't have the authority" colour flooded into John's face for the first time in many months.
Things were normal.
“Hello everyone, this is Tom again!
I hear that you are a consulting detective who respects the privacy of his clients. I have a major problem, a problem that cannot be confided in a letter. Please board the black car that will escort you to me this evening. I'm afraid I cannot confide in Dr. Watson, the matter has been decided by wiser heads. Please come.
"Billy Kincaid"
13:04
That's what scared Sherlock.
The best moments of my life were to remain a hallucination to him
A laptop was brought onto the stage and the instructions were clear. Each member would pick a four digit number and type it on the screen which would then be visible via the projector they had on stage.
After a few minutes of idle passing, his phone started buzzing slightly and John took a step forward to test it. It buzzed a little harder and John immediately changed direction. He walked in a zig-zag manner, every step sending more blood to his heart, every vibration getting more intense.
Sherlock just gave John his usual "I'm fabulous and you know it" look and continued his scan. John felt a rush of his usual exasperated affection for his friend. He shaked his head, smiling to himself.
Core is secure. No activity spotted. I will ask him now. Over.
SHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHSH
Copy that. Over.
Lastly, I love you very very much. If you ever need us, just give us a shout and we
I go to my mind palace. I go down the stairs where Redbeard's waiting for me. Not now, boy. I walk through the endless passage of doors with Redbeard. I go to the courtroom. This is the room I used to make major decisions. Or to contemplate about something.
John: (draft) You...you..you love me. Sherlock Holmes loves me. The fire, the gunshot...you love me.
Lestrade: No, not really. Why?
He walked into the elevators with ten minutes to spare in his stopwatch. He was going to finish the hunt on time. However, he didn't know if he was going to finish the hunt (he still did not know what everyone knew – did that count?)
“But it won’t be like William’s!”
I go out and buy a bottle of champagne. I take my time, planning to be exactly on the time his reservation was made. I can't not be happy. The love of my life was going to propose to me. It is all fine.
SHSHSH
The couple beside him were
He must have made the page for that fraud case in Edinburgh last year. He did not remember the details. The case rated a 3 and was not worth space in the mind palace.
"You do know how to impress a guy, John Watson"
Of course! This was once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to talk to him. He seemed relaxed, which wasn't really that common for Sherlock
SHSHSH
"Strange. Grocery shopping did not usually take this long. How do I know he's been grocery shopping? Obvious, isn't it? Of course you don't, you don't have a brain" I chastised the skull, fully knowing how stupid it sounded.
"Blond?" John raised an eyebrow.
"It was something pure. And, you ruined it, a mere thirty minutes later. Are you happy now?" I yelled at him. I felt like a fool. The song had meant a lot to me and it was clear that he didn't care about the song. It made me angry. The music deserved some respect; maybe not from the audience but at least the player!
"Biscuits!"
12:51
"But...But the phone was in your pocket the whole time!"
"This is where we part, Doctor." he said, a small sad smile on his face. He started walking away with his violin, clearly going home.
"A month" John was calming down.
There's an east wind coming.
"One hour" the old man croaks.
Sherlock blushed at the implications.
They left the room, both of them seemed keen to follow an unspoken one-foot gap rule between them.
You had your test. I said the very words, "Go John, go now." He replied "There's no point is there? There's not enough time and if we don't do this, other people will die!" We. The thought of running away alone does not cross his mind. There are several other pointers, you can check the video feed. Thank you, brother mine. I no longer have cold feet – SH
, okay? I am not asking you to marry me or anything – I am willing to wait. Wait for you to trust again. Wait for you to hope that I won't leave. Because, really, Sherlock, all we have is hope. Hope
"I am now" I reply, exasperatedly. Was he going to go on and on about the bills again? How boring. What if we had no electricity for a day? It's not easing my mood anyway.
Even though I've encouraged you to believe that a fairytale is possible, I am afraid that I cannot promise you a happily ever after. The world isn't that kind. It hasn't been kind to me, either. In fact, sometimes, you'll feel like the universe has conspired against you. You'll feel like your heart is breaking and there's nothing you can do about it. There will be times when you will have to smile while witnessing the darkest moments of your life. There will be days when you have to stay strong when you can't. There will be days when you'll stop hoping, when you are resigned to the fact that you could never be happy again. In times like this, Hamish, you'll have us. You'll have me, John, Mycroft, your godmother Molly and lot of other people who will be there for you. Always.
“There you go! Hamish and William find the fourth! Congratulations, both of you!”
"What?"
"Deal"
His phone pinged, no doubt his cell phone provider was missing him again.
John: (draft) This was not how it was supposed to be, dammit! Why did you shoot him?!
Sherlock: (draft) Never realized our infinity would be finite, that our forever was so limited.
Sherlock handed her a list of ten toxins which were likely to cause these effects. On his trip to the lab, he made a trip to his mind palace which was a sufficient store of toxins dating from the late 1600's. Molly went through the list and began opening the bags containing the clothes.
Everyone was too busy staring at the box to notice Sherlock quietly re-activating the app, his fingers typing nimbly under the coat. A quick vibration reminded John of what was to come. He nodded at Sherlock, who in turn, nodded hesitantly back. John furrowed his eyebrows in thought – did Sherlock look
(4:13 p.m) You told me so little at the mortuary today.
Today was special, though. Officially, he was a wanted thief in three countries from today. He had a sum of five thousand pounds on his head, dead or alive. According to the newspapers, he was called Iron J because he left metal J's every time he stole something. This was the bait Mycroft planted to catch Mr. S. Mycroft was ready, the nets were in place. Today was the beginning of the end.
