“No, I’m not,” Dean answered. The raw honesty surprised Cas, and he did possibly the only think he knew how to do. He leaned awkwardly out of his chair and gathered Dean into his arms.
“Yeah well, I didn’t spend the last eight years just watching you smelly boys kick a ball around,” coach Mills scrunched her nose.
Full disclaimer: idk what I’m doing. I didn’t intend to write more than one chapter, but some of you have asked for more in the comments and I’m a complete sucker for wish fulfilment. That being said, I honestly have no idea if I will be writing more, no idea where I would go with this if I were to continue, and also no idea if you as readers want more of this story. Soooooo Prompts? Ideas for meeting situations? Was there a line in here that you liked? Whatever it is I’m all ears.
“Thats adorable brother. You getting jealous?” Dean teased, accepting one.
Further down the beach, a group was already playing a game of volleyball on a pop up court.
“He found a lead. Wanted me to help him,” Dean said, knowing exactly what Bobby was asking. There was no other person he could have meant.
“Hunters,” The doctor snarled. His composed exterior cracked, and Cas watched, horrified, as his face morphed into something less than human.
fault.
“We love you Grandma,” Hazel said, planting a wet kiss on the cold stone. She crouched down and rearranged the flowers a little before bounding back and jumping into her mother’s arms.
He pulled up on Bobby’s driveway and climbed out of the car. Dean followed, significantly more stiff. They barely made it halfway up the walkway before Bobby tore open the front door, a large rifle in hand and an even larger scowl on his face.
Dean knocked on the door using his foot, and was surprised when the door swung open from the contact.
him believe it.”
Dean would have loved to have spent more of the summer with familiar faces but Benny had gone back home to work for the summer, and Bobby’s place was a plane ride away. Plane tickets for a casual visit were not a commodity Dean could afford.
Dean was left suddenly alone, fingers coated with..something, and thoroughly confused.
Two chapters in one day? You know I'm ignoring all adult responsibilities when I pull that sort of thing. Oh well. This one happens on the same day as the last one so they kind of go together? Flimsy excuse...I wish I cared.
A second of silence passed before Cas spoke. “I am not currently cooking anything.”
“Oh,” Cas said, looking up awkwardly. “I wasn’t thinking about that. I was trying to figure out how to ask you out.”
“We found some alphas. Thought you might be interested in taking them down with us.” His tone was clipped and informative, hinting at past conversations where he had likely updated Dean on the
“What?” Dean asked, swallowing the huge bite. “You never really tell me about your pictures.”
Cas closed the distance between them, cupping Dean’s face in his large warm hand, completely abandoning his usual touch to the forehead approach for something that felt fittingly intimate now.
Castiel smirked. “Manly? Sure, just not with those pants.” He moved to shut the front door and didn’t even bother trying to hide the way he was ogling Dean’s ass in his tight leathery jeans.
love you Dean. He didn’t mean those things he said, just got defensive and stupid. Beyond stupid. We all do that sometimes, but it ain’t no reason to go on and do this, Dean. You hear me? You ever feel like that again, you come straight to me and we’ll go break something together. But hell, kid, you try and break yourself again and I swear I’ll kick your ass.”
“When did you get here?”
Dean squeezed him tighter, hoping to convey the message that it was all okay, not his fault at all whatsoever. When Cas finally pulled away, he didn’t go far. His hand carded through Deans hair, a motion that the angel did so easily Dean wasn’t sure he was aware of it. Not that he was complaining. The contact made his stomach swoop.
“Thanks,” Charlie breathed as she plopped down.
“Aw knock it off,” Dean answered, heart fluttering when Cas reached over and laced their fingers together.
“We’d better get to the scream park,” Dean said. “There’s always wild pranks pulled on anyone who’s late for a team building thing.”
“Dammit Sam, I’m sorry. I totally forgot,” Dean said with a pang of guilt.
His fingers moved at impossible speed, buttoning his jeans back up and shoving his shirt back on so quickly that it was inside out. He didn’t
She smiled slowly and fixed Castiel with a triumphant look. Her teeth were coated in a film of blood and saliva and the sight made Castiel’s stomach flip sickeningly.
Dean looked darkly into his friend’s eyes, but it didn’t take a degree to realize he wouldn’t win this fight. Maybe he shouldn’t win this fight. Benny was right after all. He wasn’t fine, and he did need to rest at some point. He deflated all at once.
He had always teased Benny about his girlfriend, mostly because he had never met her before, so he could get away with pretending she was imaginary, but seeing his best friend so clearly in love, so on the edge of heartbreak…
Cas came back carrying two muffins on a plate and a cup. He set everything down.
Dean surprised Cas into complete silence when he easily swung a leg over, taking Chastity’s place, although Cas noticed he kept most of his weight on his own knees and his crotch a respectful distance away.
“Nothing you shouldn’t already know, son,” Bobby answered evenly. He wasn’t that much older than John, but the disparity between their maturity levels had never been bigger. Dean felt like his foundation was shaking.
thing to do.
He pushed open the door - something his rational self never would have done without a direct invitation. But right now, he didn’t care. Dean could be dying. Bleeding out somewhere all alone. Castiel wildly hoped this was the right house. That he wasn’t breaking into some random person’s home.
“I’m not letting you out of my sight again,” Dean said roughly, but that was enough of an answer. Also, that plan was 100% completely fine with Cas.
“We leave in an hour, you know where to find us,” Sam said indifferently as he ducked out the door. They left nothing but muddy tracks and a palpable tension behind.
“I mean, our dad was a raging alcoholic. Mom spent a lot of her time working since he couldn’t hold a steady job, and I was usually caring for Adam and Sam or protecting them from dad’s latest rampage.” Dean cut himself off and shot a horrified look at Cas.
“Trust me, it will be worth it,” Cas reassured. Dean rolled his eyes but tried his best to copy what Cas was doing. Within a couple minutes, both marshmallows puffed up and got darker on the outside. Hazel appeared with two crackers and a piece of chocolate, and Cas slid his marshmallow off the stick for her.
“January 24th. Hey this feels like an interrogation. You have to answer some questions too.”
Dean linked his hands behind his head, inhaling deeply to try and catch his breath while admiring the way the rising sun glinted off the water.
Dean wasn’t tired, he was
He had three texts, a
With a clear picture of the events that would surely unfold, Cas pushed off the ground and spread his wings, gliding effortlessly the few miles to the motel.
“Shut up man,” Dean said, shoving him off and leaving to go put on the shoes.
Somehow, Dean’s words seemed to have the opposite effect on Cas than he intended, because Cas looked significantly more distressed.
How the actual
made his heart turn to dust.
“Thank you for finding me Dean,” Cas said softly, lips pressed into Dean’s damp hair. He traced patterns over Dean’s t-shirts and although they were ineffective since they weren’t drawn in blood, Dean faintly recognized various angel sigils of protection.
“Want one?” Gabriel asked, offering Dean the last metal rod. He glanced at Michael who gestured for him to take it, so he did.
Hazel ran back to the group once she heard the fire cracking. There were flowers sticking out of her hair where she had evidently tried to make herself a crown but hadn’t tied any of the stems together. She hopped straight towards Castiel, who was sitting on a chair beside Dean.
Cas sat stiffly in the foamy water, staring at Dean as if expecting some sort of cue.
To swing a leg over his hips and kiss the breath from his mouth. To pull him close and hold him tightly and
Cas’s eyes snapped open and he flung himself out of Dean’s arms, crouching low. His wings erupted upwards and spread to a menacing height, casting darkness down onto the boys.
Dean’s heart leapt in his chest and he may or may not have picked up the pace. He took the steps two at a time and when he exited on the landing for his floor, a thick smell of garlic and herbs hit him. He unlocked his door to find Cas stirring something on the stove and bopping to the blasting music.
Raul came off Castiel’s neck with a wet pop, and both he and Cas turned to see what was happening.
They had walked to the lot where Cas usually parked his car, and Dean slid into the passenger’s seat. Normally, he got nervous if he wasn’t driving, but with Cas, it was so easy to lie back and live. Plus it helped that Cas followed road rules to the letter.
“He made a friend. Alfie, I think he said? They wanted to walk home together.”
So he shook off his curiosity. “Strict just means that the graph will never extend past that point. Like...a wall, if you will.”
“I’ll follow you,” He said in lieu of answering. His tone left no room for argument, so Cas didn’t even bother. He shot Dean a tight lipped smile, trying to keep his worry from showing, and climbed back into his own car.
Dean had just pushed the DVD into the player when there was a tentative knock at his door. He got up, knees cracking obnoxiously loud, and answered it.
Cas nodded, then gently nudged Dean up. “Sun is setting,” he said, eyes fixed on the horizon.
There was no way for Dean to have noticed a pair of curious and confused blue eyes watching him from the dark hallway where they had disappeared to. There was no way for him to know that a knot of tension released from a particular angel’s chest when he saw the human somehow…not repulsed. There was no way for him to know about the flutter of hope the angel felt.
It was a whirlwind, but one in which Cas spent every second of every day with Dean, and was somehow happier than ever. For the first time in his life, he felt like he was doing something useful and irreplaceable. Like he was preparing to make a big difference somewhere. To someone.
“Can I grab you a drink?” Benny asked, tipping his empty beer upside down sadly.
He looked first at Hannah, then at Charlie, then at Bal, and despite all the shifting ground of uncertainty, all the things that were up in the air, he felt that these friendships would last forever, and he couldn’t help but smile at that.
His body somehow stumbled around in the semi darkness and found its way to the kitchen, but his mind was far gone. Dean’s hands were on autopilot. He picked up a random glass from the counter and filled it with tap water. He drank deeply and realized from far off that the water was warm because he hadn’t noticed the temperature as it was filling. It was a stupid thing to notice, but it brought him back into his own body enough to also notice that a hallway light had been turned on. Cas was now in the kitchen and was looking at him like he was waiting for an answer. Dean hadn’t heard the question.
“What’s so funny?”
“Having family that... clashes.”
“You are
It was nothing short of breathtaking.
He looked up and was met with a pair of very flustered blue eyes. Cas had a towel wrapped like a skirt around his waist. He was standing in the doorway, beads of water making little paths down his chest. Dean’s breath caught in his throat, and it took him a of couple seconds to find his words.
“Doing okay there brother? You took quite a tumble.”
“Nothing much Dean, you were unconscious most of the time. I drove you back here and then Cas watched you in your room while I made the cure, then we gave it to you and thats pretty much all,” Sam elaborated.
“Yeah Bobby’s a good guy.” Dean looked up at the sky and noticed the sun was beginning to sink lower.
“You were taken by a Rougarou who was looking for revenge. He’s dead now,” Sam explained shortly.
The trees were large and shady, and plants grew everywhere. They poured out from tall barrels, they lined the porch, they crept up the railings, they exploded out of their colourful pots.
tattoos. But even without that, he might have known. There was a magnetic force behind those clear blue eyes, something drawing him endlessly forward.
most people settled with until they knew for sure. He didn’t have the brainpower, because it took all he had to come up with an answer that really, he couldn’t be sure of at
Dean was his
Cas bucked up once and Dean moved both hands to his hips, holding him down and taking control.
“Uh. Yes. I would very much like that.”
“Yeah, better than okay.”
Dean took his time, partly because he wanted to do a good job, but mostly because he didn’t want to stop touching the angel. Maybe it was the wings, maybe it was the heady scent of the oil, or maybe it was the muscled and very bare back he was working over, but Dean didn’t want any of it to end.
The change in Dean was immediate. He seemed to fold in on himself, like the world was this huge heavy weight and it was crushing him down.
more.
“Because you need it. And because I’m nice.”
“I’m a coward,” Dean croaked out, voice thick. “It’s never not
“Oh great! I booked a room nearby just in case it got too late to drive back,” Cas said with a relieved grin.
Cas wanted to hit something. Tie Dean up? After everything he just went through? No way in heaven or hell. Through the fog of his anger he could see the logic in Sam’s words. Dean could wake at any time and he would be a starving danger to them all. But seeing logic did not equate to following the logic.
Cas thought back to every movie he had ever seen that portrayed it’s own version of hell; fire and brimstone, luxurious sin at every corner. Somehow he didn’t think the real thing was anything like that, and he couldn’t stop himself from asking.
He scrubbed hard at his teeth, wanting to hit something.
“What are you even doing in school man, you have so many things you could get into,” Dean asked, eyes scanning the hives which upon closer inspection, had little flowers carved into them.
“Come in,” Dean said, suddenly realizing they were both standing in the doorway. Cas stepped inside just as Benny came out of the bathroom.
“What about you? Any siblings?”
The pain was nearly unbearable. The man was pressing his body down, making Cas want to crawl out of his own skin, but it was nothing compared to the sharp sucking on his neck. The skin was
The shower water shut off at the same time as the dryer beeped, so Cas gathered up the warm clothes and knocked on the bathroom door.
do from all the way across the room? He pulled the knife out of his lab coat pocked, flicked it open, and tossed it.
“No, I’m Castiel. And you are?”
than being paired in that way. He’d drilled into his sons over and
Dean immediately rested his hands on the wing joints, feeling their strength and fully appreciating it now that he didn’t have any cuts to worry about. He kneaded his fingers into the tense muscles and through the soft feathers, feeling that familiar warmth from earlier coursing through him.
Note: I fully support both asking for help AND therapy. It's more useful than you could ever imagine, having someone to talk to when they know the right questions to ask. If you're ever having a rough time I'd definitely recommend it.
Cas hummed in understanding, then asked a question way out of left field, but what was new?
He did not miss the way Dean reached down and laced his fingers with Cas’ to tug him up from his perch on the bed. He also did not miss the way Cas gave Dean’s fingers a gentle squeeze and did not let go even as they dug singlehandedly for their burgers.
“I really don’t, son. There’s an entire room full of children waiting for my attention and they’re all extremely critical.”
Castiel internally laughed at himself. Of course in a moment of panic all he would think of was his most recent read.
I made fresh pasta the other day and my life will never be the same again.
Castiel carried Dean to his room and laid him on the bed, then firmly closed the door and stepped to the far side of the room. He knew this particular antidote took a while to cook up, and he desperately hoped Dean would not wake before it was finished.
“Hay ride?” Cas asked, eyes shining behind his robbers mask. Dean’s heart melted. He didn’t think he would be able to ever deny Cas a thing. Not when he was looking at him like that.
“Yes,” Dean answered shortly, uncomfortable with the grilling. “Who do you live with?” he asked, determined to take the attention off of himself. If Cas noticed he didn’t say anything about it.
“Last one to the house is a rotten egg!” Richard called out, grabbing a random arm and tearing off in a run.
Dean still hadn’t calmed down by the time the final bell rang. It was nauseating, seeing the clear evidence of how Cas had hurt himself.
Dean found the promised toothbrush in the bathroom and after a quick shower to get the smoke smell out of his hair, he put on the borrowed pyjamas and settled into bed. It was different, being surrounded by softness and the smell of Cas, but it was a good different.
Anna tossed a chicken nugget at him and he ducked it easily. “Don’t tease me, not everyone can be as famous as you with your fancy paintings and uppity buyers.”
Now the mask was off.
Dean hummed, trying to picture a home where art was valued, and people felt safe and comfortable enough to create something. He pushed down a rising bitter feeling. Dean knew it wasn’t Castiel’s fault that he had had such a crappy childhood in comparison, but Dean had no problem admitting to himself that he was a bit jealous.
for a chance to go, and had worked harder than ever to deserve this. To
“Dude, enough.” Sam said, mortified. Dean snickered, picturing his brother, who had likely thunked his head onto his desk by now.
“He’s good. Busy as usual. I barely see him since I’m out studying so much.”
“Logarithms? You’re gonna have to teach me that one son,” Bobby said with a squint. “What grade are you in now?”
“Cas, what’s wrong?” Charlie asked, hands coming to rest on his arms, trying to still him somewhat. He weakened in her grip.
Dean bit down hard on his tongue, trying to keep his anger in check. It had probably been two years or more since their last encounter, but the memory of it still made him sick. Some part of him still hated himself for letting it happen. For getting into that situation in the first place.
Cas tipped the pot over the sink and left just a tiny bit of the rapidly cooling water in with the threaded needle. Dean reached in and pulled it out.
“Can we play?” Hazel asked, clutching the box to her chest hopefully.
“No,” Cas huffed out. “I don’t
Dean laughed shortly. “He’s really something.”
“We should do the Olympics!” Cas said, full of energy once again. He seemed adamantly sure of the idea forming in his mind. “We can have different sports! Like holding your breath and jumping in the water and going down the slide!”
“I don’t think you’ll be getting that back Dean.”
They boys surfaced, coughing and sputtering and still trying to wrestle the other under the waves.
Sam looked at him with his jaw hanging open.
“I don’t. Cas, I’m- this is all a lot. I didn’t even know - I didn’t dare hope you existed. Not until- ” He tugged at his sleeve, revealing the tattoo Cas gave him. Dark and angular and more telling than anything he could say would ever be. Physical,
Cas shook his head and sat down on the bench to finish his sandwich.
“You had better not be here when I get back Ben,” Dean warned, half joking. He grabbed his things and let the door swing shut behind him, knowing Benny would lock up when he left, which would probably only happen once the beer ran out. Dean couldn’t complain, it was fair payment for borrowing the tux.
respect. Dean didn’t have any guidance on this one, because he’d never been in that situation either.
“I would love to come Cas. Actually, I’d love to see some of those albums."
“No, stop,” Cas said, achingly gentle. His hands slid away from Dean’s bare skin and fell to the sides of the bed. He seemed completely unaffected by Dean, pressing hot and heavy over his hips. In fact, he had gone almost completely soft.
Dean stepped towards him as if drawn magnetically and wound his arms around his neck. Cas immediately tugged Dean closer by the small of his back and placed a tiny kiss on the tip of his nose. Dean’ stomach swooped. It was so easy to initiate and maintain contact when Cas welcomed it so openly.
Dean adjusted his bag and followed Castiel out of the room, feeling like he’d just been ambushed.
We’ve been playing this for the past five years.”
“Yep,” Cas answered, readjusting his backpack. He followed his brother out the front door and walked to the passengers side of the car while Gabriel locked up the house.
text, then clicked off his phone, hoping the idiot was still on his way to the parking garage and not already driving. The last thing he wanted was to cause his best friend and his baby to crash.
“Oh. Sure. Here I got it,” Cas said quickly, leaning over Dean to turn on the shower, then reached down and helped Dean undo his belt buckle. He turned away as Dean peeled off his jeans. The gun clattered to the ground behind him and Dean lifted it easily and set it on the counter. Cas took a subconscious step away from the loaded weapon.
“Dude..” Dean sat back, halfway relieved and halfway completely freaked out.
Dean tentatively took a bit of the pale sauce and an earthy flavour exploded in his mouth.
“How about Pride and Prejudice?” Castiel suggested. “I’ve read it before and its actually quite good. Its about the love story between a woman who knows what she wants and a man who is quite prideful to the point or hurting her.”
Something flashed over Cas’ face so quick Dean couldn’t read it, but after a few seconds of silence it was clear the angel was having some sort of heated internal debate.
“What?” Cas asked, mockingly offended.
Dean grunted in response and poured most of the remaining coffee into the largest mug they had.
“Dean,” Benny said, pulling his arm out of Dean’s iron grip. “Normally I’d love for you to meet her but if I show up there with someone from the team she will shoot us both.”
“Don’t screw this up. Don’t hesitate, don’t pull weak punches, don’t stand around like an idiot, don’t freeze, and most importantly, if I tell you to do something, you do it right then and there. No questions asked.”
“Yeah,” Cas answered slowly. He wanted to insist again that they should go to a hospital but the gun on the counter made him nervous.
“Ugh yes. I’m very glad its over. Are you ready for a break?”
Sure, his imagination was clearly a little off, but the details didn’t matter anymore. Dean
them. They spanned the length of his thigh, twisting around to the inside.
“So, what are we talking about,” he asked, sending Dean a nod in greeting.
“Work mostly.”
“So sorry, sir,” Cas said, putting a hand on the Shtriga’s shoulder. It felt human, and his face up close also looked human. Cas might have thought he had the wrong guy, except there was nobody else down this hallway.
It was
“Well, if everything is good and you’re both staying out of trouble, I’m going to let you go. Marco is here.” She said
“I thought cowboys were supposed to be stealthy.”
It was hard to tell time in the semi darkness, it could have been a minute, it could have been hundreds of them, but eventually Cas’s hold loosened and Dean took a small step back.
compared to his old one, and despite having lived in the same small town his entire life, he barely recognized anyone.
Where could Dean
technically become reality, but as of right now, they weren’t, so he refused to give them any more space in his mind. He was just nervous, this whole ‘date with a guy’ thing was too new.
Cas’s skin stretched over his chest in a tantalizing way that suggested muscles, if you were brave enough to touch. He had a light dusting of hair, which led to a darker trail of it that disappeared under the waistband of his jeans.
Dean pulled back a whole inch from Cas, which seemed like the furthest distance known to man.
“Are you okay?” Cas asked, suddenly needing to know if Dean was hurt. If his mind was intact.
It wasn’t a conscious decision. Actually, he wasn’t really thinking
When Dean didn’t move, Cas’s hand slid to his knee, then higher still to his thigh. Dean reached out under the water and grasped Cas’s wrist. He pulled his hand closer to rest on his chest, slowly, with Cas shuffling and sloshing the water to accommodate the movement. They ended up mostly on top of one another, which was more than okay with Dean.
“SAM,” Dean shouted as the monster spun on Cas and shoved him against a rack of supplies. Bandaids and gauze fluttered to the floor.
“Cas I’m always ready for a break.”
“Yes actually he —“
Dean scrubbed a hand roughly across his face as if he could push away any distractions and focus. He clamped down a firm mental lid on his roiling emotions. If he hadn’t yet paused to think about what that swoop in his gut when he was around Cas meant, now was definitely not the time. Definitely not when Cas was clearly in so much pain, and that pain was all Dean’s fault.
Anytime Dean had been picked up by a guy before, it was a bar encounter and one night stand sort of deal, usually ending with sex so rough that it bordered on abuse. He just didn’t know any other way, and for this reason the thought of sex with Cas made him somewhat excited, but mostly sick to his stomach. If thats what Cas wanted though, then thats what Dean would allow.
“Dick.”
They stood there, shoulder to shoulder, hand in hand, feet in the warm lapping water as the sun finally dipped below the waves and the sky softened.
“Castiel?”
“Like fuck you’re okay,” Bobby answered him without taking his eyes off of John. Sam shrunk back in his seat and Dean wanted to reach out and hold him but his brother was older now and would be embarrassed by that, no matter how much he may have needed it.
Castiel gently guided Dean onto his stomach on the sofa, then crawled to the floor and kneeled beside him, the show and snacks all but forgotten. Two warm hands pressed down on Dean’s shoulder with a delicious pressure, and Dean bit back a groan. Cas was meticulous, working out every knot, and slowly, very slowly, Dean began to relax into his grip.
“Dean,” Cas breathed hotly against his neck. There was so much
“Who is Cas? Cassidy? Cassandra? Casey?” He teased. The team joined in guessing and Dean shot a panicked look to Benny. Some of the boys knew he was bi, but he didn’t feel like outing himself in front of the rest of them like that.
Hello all! Its been a while (burns all calendars so you can't tell me how long its actually been). This is part one of the "Dean's POV" chapter, I just don't have the energy to write the second part tonight and I'm also starved for some feedback (to the point where I didn't want to post earlier because I was feeling lame). But anywho. Posting this now. I realize this note may not even make sense because I am loopy with exhaustion lol. I saw a bear AND a deer on my way home tonight. (my enter key is also broken so this note is just gonna be one big block. sorry.) Trigger warning for homophobic language and a physical fight. Love you all! Let me know what you thought! Oh and please go send CasuallyNeurotic some love. They are the world's best beta and I'm beginning to think they should maybe have edited this note....
with you.”
“It’s not a wedding yet.”
Anna, Hazel, and the brothers were huddled loosely around it, gently placing their flowers down.
“You forfeiting, Novak?” Charlie asked, a dangerous smile lighting up her face.
“Come here,” Cas beckoned. Dean crouched beside him. “If you hold it near the edge of the fire and turn it slowly, it melts the inside and roasts the outside without burning it,” he explained.
“No,” Castiel half gasped. He was horrified down to his very bones, even though he barely remembered what a shtriga was. Something about eating life force?
He tucked the mask under one arm and stalked over to a rack of capes, flicking through dragonskin, purple velvet, silk, and sheer lace until he found a plain glossy black one. He pulled it out triumphantly and was delighted to find it was scalloped at the bottom, sort of like bat wings. He inspected the corners and found that it had little straps for your wrists.
“Sure thing. You wanna do it now? Or you can join the team at the beach tonight. More people to talk to there. We‘re boring,” he nudged Benny in the ribs, which earned him a shove back.
me to leave you, and you go and bend over for the first fucker that will have you? Huh? Is that what this is?”
“I’m Castiel.”
There was something intriguing about the name. Unique.
He made it a habit, right up there with brushing his teeth and making his bed. He looked every morning. Every night.
Castiel shook his head. The penalty for forfeiting was giving up your phone for a whole hour, time in which these three would no doubt send off every imaginable embarrassing text. There had been no forfeits among them since the great streaking fiasco of ‘94, which Cas still shuddered to think about.
Cas woke to an incessant beeping, but he didn’t move. The sound of his alarm was actually comforting. It brought him back to earth after what was probably the worst nightmare he had ever had.
Dean looked at him, startled. “Cas I’m…I didn’t come here to stay.”
“My boy is all grown up,” he jested, placing a hand over his heart and doing his best to look crushed.
All at once, Cas flung the blanket back and leapt out of bed, but his panic ended as suddenly as it began.
“Just, maybe teach me how to shoot a gun in case more vampires come after me while you’re gone.”
“Who wrote the music?” Dean asked curiously.
“I have,” Dean countered stubbornly. “You came here for sex and-“
Dean glared at him, but there was no heat behind the look. He had very much missed his friend’s annoying banter all summer.
“Yes I’m sure we can,” Cas agreed coyly.
“What’s going on?” Dean asked cautiously, already preparing for bad news.
He heard the rumble of Dean’s engine, and the muffled sounds of the car pulling out of the driveway, and Cas refused to feel hurt as he flicked on the porch light once again.
Dean stepped into the car and rolled the window down.
at the front.
At just past 3am, it was still fairly dark out, and by force of habit, Castiel left his porch light on. He wasn’t expecting anyone, more like just hoping.
It was wearing a lab coat.
“Let’s get home. You’ll get sick.”
“You’re nasty,” Dean informed him, whipping a piece of popcorn at his head. It bounced harmlessly down, but Gabriel picked it up, looking wounded.
“I didn’t expect to find you here,” Cas said honestly. His hands shifted to hold Dean’s hips and Dean let it happen.
“Photography huh? Were those pictures on the wall yours?”
“I love you uncle Cassie,” Hazel drawled sweetly.
Dean threaded his fingers through his hair, sending sparks down his spine. “Maybe my service to the world will have to be teaching you to survive. Who knows? It might turn out to be a full time job.”
The next time Cas woke, the bare bulb was still on. He shifted and found his bones felt frozen with cold. Stiff. In his line of sight, he had nothing but the wire of his cage and a slice of the floor, which was, disgustingly, splattered in blood.
Already seated, was Gabriel, who looked magnificent in a royal blue suit. Beside him was a woman with softly curled brown hair and a black dress that hugged her curves before cascading to the floor. Just past them sat a dark skinned man in a sharp maroon suit, arm around a thin woman with piercing green eyes and a slicked back ponytail of long black hair.
Cas pulled out his homework and scanned it through again to make sure it was all correct. The other students slowly trickled in, but Cas didn’t look up until a dark and furious blur passed in front of him and sat heavily at the desk beside his.
“Duse, do I have something on my face?” He asked, slightly defensive.
Dean let out a sarcastic sigh as coach Mills blew two sharp notes in her whistle. The boys all jogged to gather around her. Dean caught Cole’s eye in the crowd and waved.
“Green,” Cas answered, looking straight into Dean’s eyes.
By halftime, the opposing team hadn’t managed to score back the point. Dean jogged to the sidelines and drank greedily from his water bottle, breathing hard. He looked up into the crowd, trying to find Castiel among the unfamiliar faces, but it was impossible, there were just too many people.
“Round two?”
“What did I do to deserve that?” Cas asked breathlessly.
He slid behind the wheel and allowed himself a second to just breathe the scent of leather before turning on the car with a rumble and beginning the drive.
There was immediate and enthusiastic agreement.
“How do you know? He’s HURT.” The sobs really weren’t slowing down, and it was getting harder and harder for Castiel to breathe.
Dean traced a finger over the curve of Castiel’s shoulder, ran over an imaginary line between one freckle and the next. The evening was an emotional rollercoaster, and Dean was
There was no answer, so Cas worriedly opened the door a tiny crack, hoping Dean wouldn’t freak out over the invasion of privacy. Dean was leaning against the counter, glaring at his own reflection in the mirror, towel wrapped around his waist. Cas wanted to ask what was wrong when he caught sight of the hundreds of scars criss crossing Dean’s back. There were so many silvery marks that the skin was twisted with them.
Coach Mills joined them and at some point, a large trophy was passed onto the field. The boys gripped it, holding it high and letting it float among themselves so each could touch it. Dean forgot all about his screaming muscles and lungs and basked in the glory of a flawless season.
“You should wear this,” Dean said in awe as he pulled out a giant sparking tiara.
of him, not worried. He was sure to respond in a couple hours when the hangover wore off.
“Wow you tied it already. See? You’re a natural.”
“He’s my boyfriend,” Castiel interjected quickly, hoping the swaying dude wouldn’t be forced to leave. Crowley grunted, seeming to accept his explanation.
“Is he - gonna die, Gabe?”
He trailed his fingers up Castiel’s side, lifting the shirt up with him. There were fucking
“No thanks,” Hannah answered, gathering her hair over her shoulder. “I like my bones whole, thank you.”
“Drop it, Cas.”
The bell rang and Dean didn’t give him a chance to explain further. He leapt out of his chair as if it had caught on fire. He grabbed his things; didn’t even bother putting his notebook away or zipping up his bag.
“It’s a zoo out there.”
to know what he was thinking. To know what was holding him back. But he refused to pry. He refused to overstep again.
“Hey hot stuff.”
Dean noticed that her camera strap was patterned with alternating lightning bolts and round glasses. A Potterhead then. He liked her a little bit more already.
“Balthazar. You’re a
“Well if you’re a hero, then you need a villain.” He walked to the mask wall and pulled down a plain bandit mask, sliding it over his eyes.
“Anyone up for some TV time? I’d like to know what happens to our friend Jon Snow next.” Dean grinned, pulling three more beers out of the fridge and walking them ceremoniously into the living room.
Cas put a hand lightly on his shoulder and Dean leaned in.
“Is there somewhere we can talk in private?” Samuel asked gruffly, skipping straight past the pleasantries, outright glaring at Castiel now.
Once the timer ran out, the cheerleaders exploded back onto the field with a fresh chant. Dean lined up with his team to shake hands with the opposition, who would go home tonight defeated. He was exhilarated, buzzing after the win.
Sam set the mug - coffee - down onto Dean’s nightstand.
The group wound their way through the maze, and despite Cas’s initial warning that he wasn’t very good at this, he turned out to be the best navigator of the group. At forks in the path, they split up and whenever one group reached a dead end, they would caw, loudly and obnoxiously, causing the other group to screech and yell back like a homing beacon until they found one another again.
Dean had never been more proud, and he didn’t think he would ever stop yelling in celebration now.
“Woah,” Cas interjected, shoving his hurt aside in favour of anger. “He can do what he wants.”
“I don’t know about you guys but I’m beat.”
But the man wasn’t paying attention to Dean. He was looking at Cas. His eyes lingered on his face, and clearly he did not like what he saw.
“I can’t stay too long though, got another photo shoot at sunrise.”
“Wanna talk about it?” Cas asked quietly. After working the joint for years, anyone would be able to tell when someone walked in with a problem. He wanted to help. He definitely wasn’t asking just in hopes of hearing the man talk again. Nope, definitely not.
are you?”
Dean was exhausted, and desperately wanted to lie down, but that meant either moving to bed, or lying down over Cas, the former being an extremely unfavourable option, and the latter…
had no idea what his soulmate could be doing to warrant so many injuries. So many, so
“Dude you’re magical.” Dean slurred, not caring in the slightest that he sounded drugged. He felt drugged.
Cas broke into a huge smile. “Wow really? You would go out with me?”
“I always am Dean,” Sam said softly. There was a short pause before he hung up, and Dean knew Sam was probably thinking of Adam and their parents, who had also thought they were safe. Nobody can predict an accident, and the thought made his gut clench and his heart ache for Sam. He wasn’t a kid anymore, but Dean still sometimes wanted to scoop him up and shield him from the world.
smart friends.
The whole situation made him angry and frustrated, and Sam wisely avoided his dark mood by hiding in the bunker library.
“Tell me about it,” Castiel agreed, picking his up as well.
Dean steered Cas away and towards the bar, suddenly uncomfortable with having brought him here. This was a place he frequented when he was having a bad night and looking for something quick and dirty. It didn’t usually end well, and for some reason he wanted Cas out of there.
“Ah the fresh meat is awake. Welcome welcome.”
Sam’s eyebrow shot up at the to him, but he didn’t comment on it.
Sam froze, looking first at the deep purple marks on Dean’s neck, then taking in the clothes strewn about and the shattered lamp. Dean followed his gaze and grinned, shameless.
“Uhhh, It’s fine I guess? I’m not really going.” The tension that suddenly flooded the room was more than palpable, it was suffocating.
Cas was minding his own business, just about to click the lock of his locker shut when he was ambushed. Hannah pushed him hard against his own locker, slamming it shut for him.
He proceeded to mix them each a flute of who knows what, making exaggerated motions and half dancing the entire time. Hazel was gasping for air between giggles by the time he had finished.
,” Dean asked, making his voice sound more exasperated than he was really feeling.
Dean laid on his side, taking up as little room as possible. There was an amused huff from somewhere behind him and suddenly an arm snaked around his waist, pulling him tight against a warm hard body.
“Hey Sammy, what’s cooking?” Dean’s tone was too light, too casual. His eyes scanned his bother up and down, then spared a brief glance at his grandfather, who was side eyeing Cas.
His heart squeezed in on itself when he remembered that Adam was gone. It was just him and Sam now. He stumbled to the door and opened it with a trembling hand. He hated sleeping. He hated letting himself become vulnerable, letting his subconscious take over, he hated forgetting that he had lost people, and worst of all, he hated crashing back into reality and remembering all the horrors he had lived through.
Actually, she never even asked him to pose at all, mostly just floated around him as they walked through the early fall forest and snapped random shots. The hour was up before Cas even noticed, and it all felt like nothing more than a walk with a friend.
Cas didn’t know what to do, he had never seen an adult break down like that. The closest he had ever gotten was seeing those poor caged chimps at the zoo that did nothing but teeter in a ball all day.
Michael came out carrying a bag of jumbo marshmallows, some chocolate squares, and a box of graham crackers. Gabriel followed close behind with some roasting sticks in one hand and a guitar case in the other. He gently placed the case beside Cas and winked before tearing open the marshmallow bag from Michael and spearing a couple on the sticks.
Soon, the madness of research papers, assignments, exams, and those horrid morning classes would be upon him. But for now, there was nothing but peace.
Dean nodded numbly and Cas ducked into his room for a spare pillow and blanket. He handed them to Dean, who muttered a quiet thank you and walked over to the sofa. Cas took a few minutes to brush his teeth and relieve himself before falling back into bed and immediately falling asleep.
“Are you guys close?”
He had done all he could do. The fight had drained out of him, and he was exhausted now, but he left the lights on. He fell asleep like that, slumped against his pillows while watching those three tattoos; willing them to stay.
fight.
“Dean,” Cas answered, lifting the hem of his shirt up just far enough for her to see the blackness underneath.
“Are you sure you’re okay?”
“Hey Gordon,” Dean nodded. Gordon was dressed in a colourful flowery shirt with a couple lei necklaces around his neck and a straw hat. He had his arm slung around a curvy woman with a cat ear headband tucked over her box braids.
Dean looked at him long and hard, trying to read him. The angel kept his gaze fixed on his hands and his jaw set tight.
if they got separated and
Dean shrunched down in his chair, feeling dumb. That wasn’t exactly  unusual for him, especially while in school. He couldn’t help but think of how much Sam would love learning about this. How easily the kid would pick up the concept and run with it. Dean just wasn’t smart like his brother was, and he was beginning to think it was too late for him to learn.
Cas snapped his head forwards again, trying to control his racing mind, his erratically beating heart. He didn’t know how to breathe, what to say, what to do.
“What can I do to help?” He asked after a beat.
He took a seat and pulled out his sandwich. “What do you have this afternoon?”
He dressed roughly, then tromped down the stairs. Gabriel looked up in surprise when he threw himself down at the table, arms crossed.
“Oh I think it is.”
“Please Dean?” Gabriel begged. “I need an excuse to make pancakes in the morning.”
Gabriel connected his laptop to the large television and loaded up Mr. Right as they piled on various pieces of the couch. Dean ended up curled around Cas on a squashy love seat, which was just fine with him. Cas tugged a blanket around them both, effectively turning them into one large human burrito.
Dean waited patiently for him to continue, trying hard to focus on his friends words as the warmth from the hand on his shoulder seeped through his flannel.
Cas felt like his breath was stuck in his chest – he just couldn’t stop looking. There wasn’t much of his torso that wasn’t darkened, and the marks extended well past that. They were so vivid that he expected it to hurt when he numbly reached out and touched a blotch on his ribs.
I’ve been writing one shots and random little ramblings because most days I’m not lucid enough to actually focus on a fic that requires planning and thought. (I am now weakly pointing to the random other things I posted as a peace offering).
“I don’t know what to tell you man. It’s really hard to tell time in here. It was a while. They drained you two, maybe three more times. I thought you were dead.”
“Bobby’s place is that way,” Dean said, pointing left where John had turned right.
“Stay Dean, there’s lots of room,” Michael offered.
“Ah, you went gourmet tonight,” Benny said with a hint of sarcasm as he set all but two of the beers in the fridge. He tossed the duffel onto the couch and sat down heavily at what passed for Dean’s kitchen table. It barely fit the two boys.
Cas held back a branch, and Dean tromped over the muddied rocks and ducked under his arm. When he’d agreed to hang out with Cas, he’d thought they’d be going to a cafe. Possibly even just a regular
His heart stuttered, taking him by surprise.
Dean had changed into pyjamas while Cas was in the shower, but even the thin material of his shirt felt like miles between them, so Cas snaked a hand under the shirt and rested it flat against Dean’s chest, feeling his heartbeat thump steadily.
“Hey, Castiel right?” Benny asked, extending a hand. “I’m Benjamin. Ben. Benny. Whatever feels right to you,”
Dean entered the living room while still fiddling with both the jacket and the collar of the shirt, which was sticking up.
“I have school today,” Dean said, tone light, as if that was a perfectly reasonable explanation.
Dean circled closer and wrapped Cas up in a hug. “I sure hope not, it would be a devastating loss.” He meant to sound a little sexy, but the mask did ridiculous things to his voice, so he pulled it off and kissed the laugh from Cas’s mouth in one smooth movement.
- Castiel - was stoically staring at the front. He didn’t spare a single glance at Dean, and for some reason that stung, even though Dean completely deserved to be ignored. Hell, he was the one who had
Dean ran a hand through his hair. “Yeah, I was planning on it. Why?”
Dean took a deep breath and steeled himself to walk straight inside. Somehow it felt too intrusive, but if Cas told him to just go in then he refused to stand outside like a sissy. He quickly opened the door and shut it behind him.
“What’s going on Dean?” Cas asked slowly once they had both finished. He took the empty bowls and filled them with water in the sink. Dean followed his movements, almost as if he didn’t want to be too far away from Cas.
“Hi honey, how was work?” Dean asked, opening his arms wide. His hair was still damp from a shower and flopped down towards an eye.
He half regretted not accepting Cas’s invitation to go over last night. Someone in the room, in the bed, might have helped. But he needed to finish his essay and Cas would have been…distracting.
Dean had the insane urge to just go up to him and kiss him and never stop, but he couldn’t get his feet to move. This seemed like a dream, and if he breathed the wrong way Cas would evaporate and he would wake up.
Dean huffed out a hollow laugh. “Cas I can’t treat you like some 50’s housewife. That ain’t how love works.”
They planned to meet at a cafe for breakfast and to read over each other’s papers before submitting. Dean was very much looking forward to getting this assignment over with, even if it meant he wouldn’t be working with Cas anymore. Weeks ago, that might have made him nervous, but now he felt more settled. Stable. Like he knew Cas wouldn’t up and leave just like that.
Cas parked in his driveway and swung open his front door with a tiny bit of pride. His new home was much more spacious, and he actually had room for bookshelves along the walls, so the place seemed much less cluttered.
“Its been nice having someone around. My family can be a little crazy sometimes. Sorry if they overwhelmed you,” Cas said sheepishly.
Now, years later, it seems all that time of repression was coming back to bite him in the ass. He never struggled with nightmares before the crash. He always did what he had to do and got on with it. It was stupid for all these twisted things to come back and haunt him now of all times, when he was completely safe and actually fairly happy.
Benny nodded, but his expression said he knew more than he was letting on.
John was.
Benny nodded helplessly.
Dean smiled and set down the last ball in its place.
“Don’t you dare Benny. I told you, its not serious.”
Dean reached over and shook both their hands in greeting, but he must not have been guarding his expression very well because Raphael let out a low chuckle.
“I’ll be completely fine. This isn’t my first time drinking,” he informed her.
“You’d better get that.”
He found Cas in the room he had claimed, a loose sprawl over his perfectly made bed. A bed that he now had to use nightly. There were so many things Cas had to adjust to so quickly, it was amazing he hadn’t had a breakdown yet.
“Its a marshmallow, is that not how you’re supposed to eat it?”
“I’m Castiel.”
“Hey, you wanna come with me on the ferris wheel?” Sam asked.
, had never sneered at anyone like John so freely did, but he also hadn’t really analyzed his feelings too closely. It was somewhat unsurprising to him that he had so much to work through, so many rancid lessons to unlearn. He’d never had a reason, never had the time or the
“No, you’re killing me. Nobody kisses like this,” Dean complained, but there was no acidity behind the words, just a thick lust.
“My brother wouldn’t shut up about leaving for college when he got older. Dad threw a fit and I got in the way and he was already drunk before the whole thing started so it didn’t end too well. He pushed me outside and said not to come back.”
he would see Dean before class and get this all cleared before the day even began.
Dean froze but Cas only snuggled closer, spooning Dean perfectly.
“Good,” Dean said. It wasn’t a lie. He was much better now that he’d been hugged. “I missed you too. Two days is too long.”
“Am I…what?” Cas countered, sucking in a breath.
“Get away from me,” Cas snarled. He thrashed backwards and flinched away from the knife, landing a solid kick to the man’s abdomen, but he only laughed. Cas couldn’t control the sharp groan he made as the knife sliced dully across both wrists. The man held the bowl to catch the spurting blood, but a good portion of it sloshed down over them both. From somewhere in the back of Cas’s mind, he vaguely noted that the man was exceptionally stupid. If he wanted blood, this was by far not the smartest way to collect it.
The car sat, dark, gleaming, and ready to go in her spot. If Dean was being honest, it probably wasn’t worth it to pay the monthly fee to rent a parking space for a car he barely got the chance to use, but he couldn’t bear to part with her. The impala had been a gift from his dad; one thing that had always held good memories and hadn’t been tainted by abuse or alcohol or death.
“It was… normal,” he answered, truly exasperated now. “I appreciate the interest but I really do have to get back to my patients now.” He stepped past Cas, and began walking down the hall, so Cas jogged to keep up.
Sam sat in the drivers seat and gunned it back to the bunker without another word. If Cas had taken his eyes off Dean for a moment, he would have noticed Sam glancing in the rearview mirror, worry heavy in his eyes.
self inflicted.
“Well,” Cas started, tugging Dean in for a loose hug. His frilly purple tutu scrunched up between them. “I was going to develop some photos tonight. Wanna hang out while I do that?”
found this morning,” Sam said, almost reverently rolling up the sleeve of his red flannel. On his elbow was a small oval tattoo. Sam twisted his arm to try and get a better look at it and Dean put an arm across his chest to stop him. They had reached an intersection and the pedestrian light was red.
“Math, geography, then art,” Hannah answered, peeling open a zip lock bag of baby carrots.
Dean didn’t quite know what to say to that, so he finished his beer instead.
“So, what’s next birthday boy?” Michael asked around a mouthful of chocolate cake.
“Wanna study at my house? We’ll have it all to ourselves,” Cas asked with a suggestive eyebrow wiggle.
“Um, after twelve. I’ve got a justice studies class after this.”
“Hey, don’t be like that. You know you want it.”
Because truth be told, he would be okay either way. He wasn’t under the illusion that a soulmate bond meant things would work out in a perfect fairy tale way. He knew Dean was his own person, capable of making his own decisions, and if he never chose Cas, then that was his right. Still, there was a part of Cas that kept on hoping. That remained open and loving and trusting, and it was this part of him that held the folded paper carefully so as not to crinkle it. It was this part that told him to nonchalantly walk up and down the halls because maybe. Just
He asked, but Dean knew he wasn’t really asking. The car suddenly felt like a cage. He swallowed. “Won’t Bobby be mad?”
“They’re for you!” Cas said, enthusiastically pushing the flowers towards Dean. They were gorgeous. Deep velvety red with teeny white flowers artfully peeking out between them.
“Hey I’m not complaining,” Dean said quickly. He gathered Cas into his arms as soon as Cas had put the bag down. “Thank you,” he said quietly.
“I don’t know,” he answered honestly, hoping to everything there was to hope to that he hadn’t ruined the mood by freezing like a idiot.
The walk to the park was long, but the air outside was pleasantly warm; light and fresh with the scent of spring flowers. They made it to the park just as the sun was dipping below the horizon. The lamps were already on, casting the curved concrete in an orange glow, making the graffiti stand out sharply.
“I said quit squirming Dean, we’re almost there.”
, maybe a teasing
“What is it?” Cas pressed gently.
The protest was instant. They teased, they begged, the pushed, but Dean kept a light unbothered mask on and didn’t say a word.
worried. “The kid is making all these ruthless little decisions. We have to get his soul back, this is getting out of hand.”
Castiel worked his way down, and once he ran out of back, he picked up an arm, pulling the tension first out of the bicep area, then working on the forearm, then the hand and each individual finger. He gave Dean a nudge, prompting him to turn over onto his back so he could reach his other arm.
“Ouu kinky,” Gabriel winked. Castiel elbowed him hard in the ribs.
Dean raised an eyebrow at him, mouth full of burnt goo.
Dean grinned, knowing Benny was absolutely correct. On his walk across the field, he looked through the stands again, but Castiel was nowhere to be seen. Dean felt a slight pang at having missed him, he would have liked to at least say hi. He briefly considered texting him to ask if he had made it to the game but he quickly dismissed the idea on the grounds of sounding desperate.
Cas nodded like that sounded like a reasonable plan. The indifference stung more than Dean could have anticipated. He suddenly needed to just get out of the room before he dug a deeper grave.
The car bounced over another pothole and Dean actually winced this time.
Dean grinned. Cas didn’t know the first thing about soccer, but the fact that he still came out to support him said more than words ever could.
“Well you’ve gotten this one mixed up Sammy. Cas needed contact with the grace remnant so he could heal. It didn’t mean anything more than that to him.”
“I DON’T FUCKING KNOW CHARLIE,” Castiel snapped. He didn’t have the presence of mind to feel guilty just then, but Charlie didn’t react to his tone.
His fingers tightened momentarily on Dean’s head. Who protects the protectors? Who picks them up when they break down? Castiel almost doesn’t dare think what might have happened to Dean if he hadn’t been in that forest. Who would have offered him a safe place to rest while he figured out where he was, shook off his disorientation?
“So...is that a no?”
Written on the inside of Dean’s arm, in dark choppy letters, were the words
“Dean you were amazing!” Cas said loudly. He grabbed Dean’s face and kissed him hard on the lips.
as you, let alone bonded to you like this.
Castiel tipped his face to the sky and inhaled slowly, revelling in the crispness of the air. Somehow, standing at the edge of the canyon, simply feeling the width and beauty of this small piece of earth, Castiel knew he did the right thing, sacrificing whatever was required of him to keep the earth whole.
“Thank you. I made them.” The boy smiled shyly, then turned to the front of the room just as the professor entered and began her introductory drawl.
“Bullshit. You have me, I have the Impala. She’s all gassed up.” Dean picked up the keys from the coffee table and tossed them. They sailed through the air and Benny caught them against his chest.
Dean snorted a little. Some things would
“Probably not but it’s sort of in my job description to be a pay as you go shrink,” Cas joked. Okay obviously that wasn’t entirely true but at this point, Cas was curious. He let his gaze wander appreciatively over the man’s large frame. He was tall, but still young enough to not have fully filled out yet.
“A lure of course. I didn’t think it would be so ineffective though. You didn’t even come looking for your boyfriend! I got bored waiting and decided to have some fun,” he gestured to the blood dripping onto the floor.
Castiel wrapped his arms around his brother's neck and buried his face in his strong chest, finally letting his sobs take on the volume they needed. Gabriel carried him into the house, jaw clenched, eyes flat and furious. He took Cas into his bedroom and made short work of towelling him off and helping him step into a long sleeved pyjama, effectively hiding the worst of the marks.
“Are you?” Dean asked evenly.
Cas’s heart was in his throat because this was not how he pictured this going
“Well I apologize for having a schedule,” Dean answered, putting a hand over his heart in mock offence.
“Yeah. Actually I think it makes bubbles,” He answered, wringing the cloth out. He left the lights on and perched beside Dean on the bed. Gently; more gently than any man of his size had a right to be, he wiped Dean off.
“You’re my - I’m your soulmate.”
“Since high school.”
Cas tilted his head and Dean didn’t need an explanation to know which part he was confused about.
“No. Fucking. Way. The
Rinsed out glass dripping softly into the bottom of the drying rack, Castiel grabbed his worn out shoes and his skateboard, and locked the door behind him. His usual shortcut across the soccer field got him to Charlie’s house in five minutes flat.
The second and third week, Dean had stopped apologizing. His texts came more sporadically, often from different phone numbers. Cas gave them cursory glances. He would be lying if he said he wasn’t relieved to know Dean was still alive, but each text lit another fire inside of him. He could be -
The Arachne’s head dropped to the ground by Dean’s thigh. Its limp body followed a second later, revealing a
“Looks like I’m hungry. You better take my bag inside for me or else I might eat you.”
“If you want. I’m very good at them. And you look tense. And sore. From the game probably.”
“You know knocking is irrelevant if you open the door for yourself anyways,” Dean said, proud of himself when his voice came out light and amused.
“Three,” Dean countered, claiming a shorter guy who was hecking fast.
“Sorry Dean, dinner will be ready around 7. Gabriel is making macaroni and cheese with chicken nuggets, Hazel’s favourite.”
The rest of the class trickled by. Dean took notes, but his mind was not into the task, he was far too busy imagining how great it would be to spend time with someone so good looking.
dark splotch in the middle of his chest. Another huge one curling over his side from behind. Cas turned slightly to look over his shoulder. It was an awkward angle, but even from there he could see tens of little nicks and cuts drawn in black.
The large room was crowded with students and loud with conversation. There was a long lineup to order whatever was on the menu for the day, and Cas was glad he had taken the time to make himself a sandwich last night.
“Alright everybody on?” Coach Mills interrupted in a loud voice as she stepped onto the bus.
Once the information had sunk in, once his brain made the shift from
“Yeah I like it too buddy but just trust me on this. Cotton is way more comfortable” Dean replied. He got up, knees making an exaggerated popping noise, took his bowl and the empty pot to the sink, and soaped up a sponge to begin washing them.
about the man sitting in front of him, and he kept running into him in the strangest situations.
“That thing,” Sam yelled back, pointing to the same strawberry contraption Dean had been eyeing earlier. Dean smiled. They truly were related. He let Sam drag him to the short line, and they only had to wait a couple minutes until the overly chipper worker took two tickets and let them into the ride area.
He felt something close to relief when there was a possessive knock at the door.
He stalked confidently towards him and kneeled down beside his crumpled body, teeth elongating and stomach rumbling.
Sam turned the crank that lowered Cas’s chain, and he slowly got closer to the ground, wings crumpling and pooling at his sides. Dean caught his weight once he was low enough and gently guided him down.
“Hey, no. That one was on me, I should have been more clear,” Cas said quickly. “We can figure this out in the morning but for now I think we should both get some sleep. Its really late.” Cas glanced at the time over the oven and saw that it was nearing 4am.
Castiel raised his hand and placed two fingers gently on Dean’s forehead. He saw clearly then what was torturing Dean as twisted visions of Hell washed over him.
Cas watch as it sailed through the air, and he reached a hand out and somehow, somehow caught it by the handle. He knew in that moment what Dean had meant. What he needed to do. So he whirled around, arm outstretched, aiming to slice the monster’s head off, and he
“Hey hey! You made it!” Gabriel said, standing to shake his hand.
to get in there and hop on one of those spinning strawberry rides.
Hazel scrambled up, flexing her nonexistent muscles and doing a running victory lap around the living room. Raphael raised his glass up high to avoid a liquid collision.
telling line pressed against his hip that Dean pulled back, gasping. This was going too far, too quickly, and although he desperately did not want to put an end to it, he knew that if he didn’t, leaving would be so much harder when the time came.
“Have we decided on a dinner spot?”
Cas realized with a twist that maybe this man was one of those monsters Dean fought. A wild part of him hoped that was true, because if so, there was a chance he could be saved.
Cas and Dean glanced at one another skeptically, but once Cas took a bite and didn’t immediately keel over dead, Dean decided the oatmeal must not be that bad and took a giant brave bite
might have been laughing – but the air was whizzing around them too fast to really tell.
“Bobby, I’m okay,” Sam said, small and quiet.
“Hey Baby..” Dean practically cooed when he reached the Impala.
His hands stilled and he moved away, suddenly needing some space to just think.
Dean was in and out. He met with his brother and grandfather at motels, at bars, at restaurants. There seemed to be some tension between them, like they weren’t quite sure how to behave around one another, weren’t sure of the new boundaries.
Dean threw him off and watched as the man sailed through the air and hit the wall. Maybe his blood would clot. Clots sounded delicious.
“Sorry dude. I’ll get out of your hair,” Dean said weakly, pushing himself up to a sitting position.
It was scalding, but Dean was already feeling like he might fall asleep, so he took a drink of it anyways. Time bled by. The old couple left, his arm slung around her shoulders. A teenage girl with thick dark braids bounced in, bopping along to whatever was playing through her headphones. She read a book while she finished her drink, but she sat too curled up in her chair for Dean to see what she was reading.
“It was amazing,” Dean yelled back, unsure if Cas would even hear him. Eventually, the audience quieted and began filing out of the theatre. Dean felt a burning urge to know what the piece was called, he wanted to look it up once he got home and play it again.
He began a quick round of stretching, then moved onto the first drill, some light footwork, followed by an agility course. Gordon, Richard, and Edgar joined in, closely followed by Benny, Henry, and Cole. The boys were fully warmed up, had run through several of the shorter drills, and were running a few laps when coach Mills appeared.
He kept his eyes clenched shut while Bobby placed his freshly wrapped arm on the dry counter. He stepped out and returned, handing Dean something soft.
had a place in Dean’s life. If he was wanted there.
Dean watched the sky for a moment, a stunning fade of pink to orange to red. He turned to see Cas watching the sunset and found that view even more stunning. The weakening rays bounced off the water and seemed to reflect in his eyes, making them a lighter shade of blue than they usually were. Dean’s heart sped up and it seemed unreal that a man this gorgeous would ever be interested in him.
Cas smiled, but there was a sad look in his eyes. “Sounds like you’re his dad more than his brother when you talk like that.”
Admitting his sudden and all consuming feelings aloud was nearly impossible, but
“Run, Cas. Leave. Go home,” Dean interrupted, voice frantic, almost begging.
Dean needed him.
“We can study in my room if you’re comfortable.”
Too bad he had already screwed it all up.
Castiel sat on the couch, content to just hold Dean and watch him breathe as the sun slipped across the sky. He would do anything to pause this moment and keep Dean with him, safely draped over his legs.
He went on to describe the battle against an apocalypse. The fight against Lucifer. How much of a failure he was and how he could come up with no better solution than to let his own brother swan dive into hell to spend eternity trapped in a cage with the devil. He described how vicious that last battle had been, and when he tenderly touched his jaw and mostly masked a wince, Cas realized with a horrible sinking feeling that this had literally
Not just his body. His time, his thoughts, his personality.
Cas. He isn’t dead until they all disappear, you
“Okay sweet pea. We’re coming,” Cas told her, ruffling her wild curls. That seemed to be the only reassurance she needed because she bounded straight back into the house, dodging Anna who was calling for her to put some shoes on while outside.
Cas grinned at him, then swooped down and planted the worlds quickest kiss on Dean’s cheek.
Three episodes later, Sam was snoring lightly from the floor.
“Sorry I lost control man, I should have kept a lid on it better.” Dean knew to some extent that the thought was ridiculous. There was no way he could have controlled that raging hunger. Even the thought of it now made his bones ache.
If Dean was being honest, he was kind of bummed that he hadn’t bumped into Cas. He had really been looking forward to seeing those deep blue eyes.
He bounced up the stairs and to his room, where he flicked on a light and took off his t-shirt at the same time, tossing it into the laundry bin as he walked by. He pulled out a pair of soft sweatpants and ducked into the bathroom for a quick shower. Summer was well on its way, and the heat outside was starting to morph from the fresh spring warmth into something heavier, muggier. He felt sweaty and gross, even though he hadn’t done much.
“Will you boil them?” Dean asked politely. Cas looked down at his mostly naked frame. He looked exhausted, sitting there on the toilet with a wet towel wrapped around his waist.
Dean had so many questions, but he didn’t know how to start asking them. It felt like an impossible task to even start understanding a person so different. And it definitely didn’t help that his piercing gaze was burning straight through Dean. How the heck was he supposed to even think when this totally hot dude was smiling at him.
The microwave beeped obnoxiously and Dean removed the steaming bag of popcorn, now a  just-for-one sort of meal.
Then, out of nowhere, a hard slap twisted Dean’s head sharply to the side. The world spun and he dropped to the ground, face landing pathetically in the mud.
“A large black coffee, please,” Dean said, trying his best to be polite. This seemed like the place where they would especially appreciate politeness.
After a few minutes alone, he stood and grabbed the mostly empty bowl and brought it to the kitchen. He knew, somewhere in the back of his mind, that he should probably eat something healthy, but the rest of his brain decided it didn’t care, so he stuck another bag of popcorn in the microwave. Benny had eaten most of the last bowl anyways, so this felt entirely justified.
Benny took a step back to inspect his work. “You need to do something to your hair, its sticking up everywhere.
He crashed straight into his brother in the kitchen, heart in his throat, pulse throbbing in his ears.
Anna swooped Hazel up and Dean crawled off of Cas, hauling him up as well.
The hollow ache in his chest expanded. Maybe it was his early teenage angst, but he needed to hold his soulmate and make sure they were okay. It was a cruel world he lived in, not knowing who he, or
If John thought Dean
Dean? You FROZE.”
“They’re weird, I know,” Cas said sheepishly. Dean turned and smiled at the slight blush that was playing across his cheeks.
It took a couple seconds for Cas to see that he was among friends. Terrified friends. He slowly let his wings sink down, then sank down to the floor himself.
Knowing John, it was entirely possible that he had gone off hunting alone. Entirely possible that, in his anger, he had made rash decisions; one right after another. Or worse, that he had put himself in harm’s way as a lesson to Dean, as a way to teach him  what being disrespectful and ungrateful would do to those around him.
Okay. Quick life update. I survived the plague, and now I’m FINALLY able to go back to work. (Huge thank you to all you crazies who are staying home. I honestly don’t know how you stay sane and I have nothing but respect for you.)
There was something about the feeling of summer break that he couldn’t quite bring himself to let go of. He couldn’t say he hated school, but it was plain to him, always had been, that his place in the world was not behind a book, it was somewhere on a crime scene.
He rubbed his face in frustration and swung out of bed, promising himself that he would call Sam back after he showered and had some coffee. It was too early to wake him up anyways.
He squirted an obscene amount of bubble bath into the rushing water and watched in satisfaction as white foam covered the surface of the water.
“Awh that’s cute,” Dean teased, nudging Cas with his elbow.
He looked down at Dean, now sleeping peacefully, and allowed himself a small smile. He would never admit that he enjoyed caring for the man, just as Dean would never admit that he sometimes needed to let go and be cared for.
“What did you
A hum. “It’s possible. There are clear bite marks. I just want to make sure we considered this from all angles. But if you’re sure..”
“So his phone died. He forgot. He had one too many and fell asleep. He’s fine, Bobby. He’s a big guy, he can take care of himself.”
“No, sir. Not with so much skin on display.” He let his eyes trail hungrily over Cas’s shirtless body. Cas laughed and pulled Dean’s hat off as he tugged him down for another kiss. They broke apart far too soon.
“You are insane,” Dean informed him. He was trying his hardest to stay still and not tear out of there like he was being chased. Which may have been the case if he had decided to run because he was surrounded by BEES.
Dean didn’t really blame her because he felt just as excited, and one look at Cas told him they may as well start a club. Gabriel had produced a large chocolate cake with a cluster of candles in the middle. There was chocolate dripping down the sides and various chopped chocolates in a wreath shape on top.
“Gross,” Castiel gasped, truly horrified. Gabriel laughed maniacally, and the tension between them broke.
Gabriel carried him to the bathroom and set him down on the counter, wetting his toothbrush, squeezing out a dot of strawberry flavoured paste, then handing it to Cas, who put it in his mouth and began brushing on autopilot.
Dean followed him into the tiny space, which turned out to be a sort of modified bathroom. There was a large plastic sink, and a tub with stains in it. Along one wall were strung wires with clips, trays lining the floor underneath them.
“Dean,” he reasoned calmly. “I don’t have a single clue how to patch you up right now. Please listen to me, you need professional help.”
“Well, you are… different.”
“She’s safe. Back with her parents. Probably gonna need a lifetime of therapy,” Dean admitted with a wince.
Dean eventually reached out and shut off the water. Cas grabbed the towel he had set out and wrapped it around Dean. He quickly dried himself off with a second towel and guided Dean to sit on the closed toilet while he ducked into his room. He pulled off his wet boxers, then tugged on a dry pair, as well as some clean jeans and a tshirt. After a moment of hesitation, he also grabbed a clean set of clothes for Dean. The man might refuse but at least he could offer.
He stripped off his jeans and his shirt right there, not really caring if Dean was watching. When he slipped under the thin covers, Dean immediately plastered himself to Cas’s side. It wasn’t unpleasant, and definitely not unwelcome, so he shifted, letting Dean’s head rest on his shoulder. He slid a hand down his back to cradle him close, ignoring the subtle bumps of all the scars Cas knew were there.
“You’ll be okay, Dean,” Bobby said, one hand on the doorknob, the other on the doorframe. It was Dean’s turn to nod back. He
“Hey brother!” He clapped Dean on the back.
“What?” Cas asked, already smiling because Dean’s happiness was infectious.
Dean swallowed the bite. “Shut up. I do what I want.”
“No ma’am. It wasn’t suicide. I know him he’s-“ the voice broke off, rough around the edges.
Dean did in fact, know how it was. The ups and downs always seemed to be heightened when family meetings were a rarity.
“I don’t matter!” Dean yelled back just as loud.
“Hi baby, My name is Chastity, what’s yours?” She asked in a breathy sweet voice, pressing her breasts to his chest and threading her fingers into his hair.
until his breath ran cold. It never made a lick of difference. Dean had learned that the hard way. His dad would just
“That sounds like more of a punishment than a reward Cas,” Dean teased.
“Han, truth or dare?”
Castiel locked the door behind him and shut off the porch light, still buzzing from all the soda he drank. The house was empty, Gabriel said he would be coming home very late, if at all, and not to wait up. Castiel knew enough to know what that meant, and he definitely did not ask for details.
“What my brother means, is that you did your best and the bastard knocked you out a little bit. Killing him seems to have fixed the life force shit though, so it’s all good now, yeah?”
Cas waited, but Dean didn’t seem to have an ending for that sentence, so he finished it for him.
“I wore that to a cousin’s wedding a couple years ago. Fanciest thing I own. You better not spill anything on it.”
I hate writing case fics with a burning passion
Dean looked up at him, feeling shocked and glazed. His muscles were weak, his stomach queasy. “I don’t know,” he whispered back, and truly he didn’t. He never intended to end up such a bloody
For as long as he could remember, he continually sported at least one huge and obvious marking. He continually got asked about the tattoos, and he never had a good answer. Teachers gave him pitying looks, classmates were nosy, Gabe made completely futile attempts to protect him.
too fucking long. He could be
He was really looking forward to class today. They were starting to read
could reasonably explain away the lifetime of injuries Cas had witnessed.
“Hey!” He called before he could come up with another excuse to stall. Dean turned, face carefully blank.
“Everything was fine for a couple hours but I guess she didn’t stop bleeding and there were no signs of it until it was too late.”
Dean regretted everything that had come out of his mouth yesterday. He couldn’t even
He tested his body, first moving his fingers, then his arms, then slowly rolling to a sitting position. His skin felt clammy, his face felt hot, his breath felt insufficient. Suddenly a wave of nausea rolled over him and he somehow had the presence of mind to realize he did NOT want to clean vomit out of his carpet and lurched his way to the nearest bathroom.
Dean exhaled as if the air had been punched out of him. Sam froze.
Dean was a warm solid weight beneath him, but his lips were soft, slightly chapped. Cas scraped his teeth over Dean’s bottom lip, and he opened his mouth in a slight gasp, but Cas didn’t dive in. He wanted to spend hours at each stage. A lifetime. He wanted to revel in each feeling, each brush of skin, each swipe of a tongue. He wanted to taste Dean at every inch, for as long as he would allow.
Cas didn’t jump on it like Dean thought he would, instead he pulled Dean onto his lap and nipped at the muscle connecting his shoulder to his neck. Dean inhaled,
“We go down on three,” Hannah instructed.
“We forgot to get forks.”
Sorry if you got excited over this, its not a real update on the fic, but you deserve somewhat of a life update. As you can tell, I haven't been writing as often, and its because there have been many life changes happening that have taken priority. Things should cool down mid October, which is when I fully intend to pick this up again. I miss you all. I miss your comments, I miss hearing from you. This fic is NOT abandoned, and I promise I will finish it, and also that there are many other outlined fics I intend to publish as well. Thank you endlessly for your patience, hope I haven't lost anyone with this extended MIA!
“Yeah I’m afraid so,” Benny smirked back.
“I’m going home,” Dean said, voice hollow.
Dean let out a shallow sign and pushed himself up off the angel, suddenly bashful.
Angel sex? But Cas would never want that with him.
“Cas?” Hannah asked.
Cas hesitated. He took a step towards the bed, then felt too close and took a step back. Then he felt too far away and so he stepped closer again.
Cas leaned over the counter and took an exaggerated look down the bar.
Dean came out of the bathroom far sooner than Cas had expected. He was dressed in a well worn t shirt and the sweatpants Cas had given him so long ago. It made something flip in Cas’s heart to see Dean dressed in his clothing.
“I want you to know I’m very proud of you and all you have accomplished this season. I also appreciate all the effort you put into working out because it makes you very easy on the eyes.”
“I’ll let you know,” he promised Cas. That seemed to be all he needed because Cas pulled himself up a little and pulled down Dean’s zipper, achingly slow. Dean lifted his hips and Cas surprised him by tugging off both his jeans and his boxers in one go. And there he was, completely naked and spread out on the bed.
“Tired?” Castiel asked lamely.
“No, Dean,” Cas said, horrified.
He slid his phone into his back pocked and grabbed his wallet and keys on the way out. The walk downtown was short, maybe 20 minutes at most if he really lingered. He got to the pizza place and joined the team members hanging outside the doors in a loose group. Gordon swung an arm over his shoulders.
Beach date...need I say more?
He gingerly soaped up his skin, wondering what on earth had possessed John to lash out so badly. It wasn’t the first time, and Dean wasn’t stupid enough to think it would be the last. But this time, it was more than just a random beating. For the first time, it sunk in just how
“Go,” He said quietly. "If you leave your clothes outside the door I’ll wash them.”
in English, one of the few books he had actually read cover to cover. They had started a new unit in math, and he was catching onto it much easier than the last one.
“I understand if you already have plans. Or if you’re simply not interested. Which would be fine. This is sort of last minute and this type of thing is definitely not for everybody and I -“
Cas blushed and the simple action set Dean’s mind racing. Thank you? He thought he had done something wrong yesterday, crossed a line.
The glass patio table was heavy with pink lemonade, a huge platter of sliced watermelon, rind off, and all the fixings for the burgers Gabriel was currently grilling.
“Yes it has,” Castiel agreed, letting his hands drift up to Dean’s lower back.
Dean looks deep into his blue eyes and hopes his steady gaze is enough of a promise. He tips his head to lean against Cas and they stand there, just breathing.
then he could go off and hunt on his own. It didn’t make a difference to Dean.
Considering how long Cas had spent teasing and pushing Dean closer to the edge, it was surprising how long he managed to hold on. But oh, when he did let go, what a glorious sight that was. Cas tipped over the edge, watching Dean arch and gasp and swallowing down pulse after pulse.
He carefully measured out the coffee for a pot, then let the machine do its thing while he ventured back into the bedroom for his phone.
He scraped his fingers down Dean’s bare sides, then drifted his hands back up the middle, palms open agains the hills and valleys of Dean’s chest. His fingers bumped over scars, most silvery and old, some still pink and rather fresh. He scooted lower and kissed every single one, stopped to taste and learn every spot that made Dean shiver.
They played one game after another, and no matter which track they chose, or which car Cas switched to, he never managed to get the hang of it. There were too many buttons and the
“Will you sleep in my room?” Dean asked, a little cautiously.
Dean followed a strange scent to the kitchen, and found Sam stirring a pot on the stove and Cas slicing strawberries while sitting at the table.
Benny clapped a hand on Dean’s shoulder.
“You try standing on moss!” Cas defended.
“What?” Cas asked harshly, anger flooding his words. “Am I too stupid to learn from you? Am I too clumsy to fight? Am I too small? Too weak? I’m a fucking
“That’s what I wanted to ask about actually,” Cas interrupted, stepping in the doctor’s way again. “I’m a reporter with the Daily…News.”
“Uh. Well for starters you showed up dressed in that,” Dean gestured to the form fitting half zip that not so subtly hinted at every hard line of muscle that it was covering.
“I don’t really know Dean. Depends what he’s like,” Sam said, taking the information in stride so easily it was as if he had always known. Dean released a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding.
DONE. I closed that horrid soccer plot line. If I ever start to write about sports again one of you needs to pipe up and stop me.
Dean gave him a questioning look and from far off, he realized his hands were still linked behind the angel’s back. He had no intention of pulling away so he pretended he hadn’t noticed.
“You have to cut off a vampire’s head to kill it,” Dean informed him from the crook of his shoulder.
“You think you’ll find her because of one bumped elbow?” Dean asked skeptically. He wanted to be more supportive, but at the same time he couldn’t get his brother’s hopes up. It was so rare to meet because of mundane bumps and bruises. He shuddered to think of the lengths some people went to in order to find
“Run,” Cas gurgled out. The world went dark.
“Hi,” Cas croaked back, but it was just that. A croak. Dean immediately let go of his hand, which, since when had they been holding hands? He grabbed a styrofoam cup with a straw and held it up to Cas, who drank without asking what was in it. He trusted Dean.
A table in the corner was set up for pool, and once it was free, Dean joined Kevin for a round. The team had gathered around and were placing bets on each hit. Dean accepted whatever drinks were handed to him by his friends, and by the time the game was over most of them were buzzed from all the shots taken.
“No, seriously. I must be crushing you.”
Bal scoffed and drank another mouthful of coffee. “I seriously doubt anyone could hate you, mate. Especially once they get to know you.”
“Time did fly. For me at least. I bet for you it crawled around like it had two broken legs, what with all those science courses you take.”
Maybe it was the twisted place his mind had slipped into, but he had half expected to be laughed at and fucked into the mattress regardless of his protest, weak and insubstantial as it was.
those were the greenest and most depressed eyes he had ever seen.
Dean looked at him with an eyebrow raised, trying desperately to look cool despite his erratically thumping heart. Cas was offering to…touch him? Knead the tension out of his body? Rip off his clothes and close the space between them? Dean was eager for any of the above, but still he hesitated.
“Please what Dean?”
“Sorry. I swear I didn’t mean to get all dark.”
Cas shrugged against him and flipped the book open to the last chapter, holding it with one hand.
Benny very slowly extricated himself, and his fisted t-shirt slipped out of Dean’s now slack grip.
Dean most definitely did
The conversation and beer flowed, and eventually, everyone had had their fill of sugar and claimed a chair. Hazel had spent the last half hour running around the garden chasing some stressed out squirrels, and she returned now to the fire to join the adults. She looked around the circle and eventually, inexplicably, walked up to Dean, crawled into his lap, and lounged against him. Dean froze, unsure of what to do.
Soulmate or not, he and Dean were connected now. Always had been. Cas needed to do something about this or he would explode from both anxiety and pent up rage at whatever hurt Dean so badly.
He ran his fingers through Castiel’s messy hair until his breathing evened out and his muscles loosened. Dean eventually fell asleep as well, safe and warm in more ways than one.
“Favourite food?”
Whatever the space between him and Dean had done to relive Castiel’s previous blush made no difference now as Castiel’s cheeks reddened further. With a snap, he brought his wings back into physical form and flapped powerfully, straight through the motel room ceiling. Even he was tired of his classic no goodbye departure, but he would NOT be having a conversation with Sam about what he saw. Not today, not ever.
Dean poked his head out of the bathroom door. “Why on earth would someone choose to go through so much effort before the sun is even up?”
“Yeah,” Cas agreed. “But Dean, we barely know each other. It feels like I’ve known you my whole life, possibly why this is so easy for me, but in reality I don’t know a whole lot about you.”
Castiel went through three more types of problems. Dean nodded quietly the whole way through, and was able to choppily work his way through two problems on his own, with some guidance. Cas turned to smile brightly at him.
Cas’s tongue danced across Dean’s lip and he deepened the kiss, drawing out a low sound. He let his teeth scrape over Cas’s open mouth and teased another sound from him, gliding his tongue and rolling his hips again.
A statement that he
Stupid abusive childhood. He was fully grown now and still couldn’t get away.
“You smell… really good,” Cas admitted, lips moving tantalizingly against his skin.
He melted with love when he pieced Dean back together, and Dean curled into him, craving the safety that
“Shit. I didn’t mean to wake you Cas, please go back to bed.”
Dean hesitated. Monday seemed so far away. He felt like a teenager again, getting nervous before asking a girl out.
When Cas parked his car early that evening, he couldn’t help his automatic smile. The Impala was there, gleaming and black. Dean was home, just as promised.
Castiel looked at him apologetically. “I promise he is the craziest one and the rest of us are normal.”
Gabriel sighed. “You’ll meet him soon, Cassie. Nothing you can do about it yet.”
The doctor sighed. “It’s a complicated concoction of antibiotics and antivirals, difficult to explain to someone without a knowledge of the medicine behind the process. Now if you’ll excuse me.”
For the first time in years, an
“What the
Dean leaned back on his elbows, giving Cas easy access. His chest didn’t look too bad, mostly just bruised. Cas pressed a hand on either side and moved a palm width downward each time Dean inhaled. Nothing crunched under his hands, which he took as a good sign.
Viscous back and forth thoughts circled Dean’s mind on their walk back. He absently accepted a ride home from Cas, and the drive was quiet except for the hum of the road. Cas smiled at him and placed his right hand on the centre console, palm up in a clear invitation. Dean fitted his hand into his and Cas laced their fingers together and squeezed lightly. This grounded Dean slightly and he made his decision. He would suck it up and do whatever Cas wanted. He would make him feel good because thats just what a good boyfriend would do.
Sam laughed. “Sounds to me that he would like anything then. How formal is this date?”
Dean huffed, chest rising and falling in one harsh moment. “Okay but if I die like this then it’s your fault.”
Sam nodded slowly, still not seeing a problem.
“No.”
After the rush of winning an away game, the world melted back into its usual routine. Dean was so caught up in the whirlwind of campus life that Gabriel’s text a few days later came as a complete surprise.
” Dean interrupted again. He wretched himself out of that iron-like grip, ignoring the dull ache of his skin, and walked off without looking back.
“Yeah of course. I could help you. Unless that’s weird. It is weird isn’t it… Towels are under the sink. Do you think you’ll be okay on your own?” Cas rambled.
“Dean isn’t here,” he accused.
Dean was left hanging, warm and breathing just a little too hard. He scrambled to pull off his boots and clothes and slip into his sweats. By the time he had finished and folded up his costume, Cas had gathered some supplies and gestured with his chin towards a door at the other end of the room.
Two hours, several scrimmages, and countless drills later, the boys did one last cool down lap around the field and were dismissed to the showers.
It was Dean’s turn to shrug, because there’s no way in hell he’d admit his feelings to Cas like this. Not when Cas didn’t give a single hint of feeling the same way.
People shouldered past him in scrubs, lab coats, dress shirts and slacks. Some had stethoscopes, some were carrying equipment, one woman was wheeling a cart with a whole bunch of coloured top tubes. He had no idea which ones were doctors, which were nurses, which were parents.
Dean gritted his teeth and pulled out his toothbrush, spending way longer than strictly necessary cleaning out his mouth. He felt like a coward, but he decided to take a shower before going downstairs. If it turns out he had done something royally stupid while he was vamped out, then he wanted to have one more peaceful shower before his life came crashing down.
He had just stepped into the spray of hot water when there was a rustle in the bathroom and Cas pulled open the shower curtain. He was standing there, very very naked. Dean froze with the shampoo bottle tilted halfway. Every inch of Cas was flawless. His muscles curved gently under perfect skin, and his spent cock hung softly. Dean felt a low swoop in his belly and probably would have hardened again were it not for his complete exhaustion.
“Great,” Dean muttered, wrenching open the trunk and slipping a couple knives into his pockets. He tucked a gun into his waistband and on a whim, slid a heavy lighter into his pocket.
“Will you quit bouncing? We need to focus, or I swear, Dean, I’ll turn around and drop your ass right back home.”
“Not quite Dean..there is another way.”
He sat at his desk, pulled out a pencil, and before he could formulate another whole thought, the bell rang and a blank test packet was placed face down in front of him. He scribbled his name at the top, but couldn’t quite find the will to focus just yet.
to know and love him.
He had one job to do, and he’d be damned if he didn’t do it well. One arrow pointed left to a hall that said
Perhaps it was the panic in Dean’s eyes, perhaps it was the frustration of being subtly edged out of this portion of Dean’s life for so long. Cas didn’t know what made him do it, but he had to prove that he wasn’t a child, helpless and in need of protection. He opened his mouth.
“I’ll walk you out,” Cas answered, stacking their plates and loading them into the dishwasher. They walked together to the Impala and Dean didn’t miss the fact that Cas walked so close he could feel his body heat.
Dean felt like his heart would explode. He raked a hand through his sweaty strands of hair to push it out of his face and tore off in a run to centre field, where he didn’t even bother to slow down, just took a running leap right onto the shoulders of the nearest team member.
Cas took the mild jab for what it was and relaxed. Knowing Dean wasn’t angry with him allowed him to fall back into an easy rhythm.
a place long enough for it to feel like his. But that might seem like some sort of sob story, and Dean really
... whatever was going on between them, it was light and easy, and Dean felt as comfortable around Cas as he would have in the company of an old friend, if he’d had such a person.
Cas kicked off his sandals and Dean toed off his shoes and pulled off his socks, balling them up. Cas watched as Dean rolled up his jeans a couple times, then stepped into the sand. His face immediately smoothed over in amazement. He let out a little delighted laugh.
seeing Cas, the rest of the shift slipped by.
“Heck yes,” Dean accepted the hand and allowed himself to be pulled up. He tossed his book onto the bed and followed Cas out the front door.
Bobby’s face scrunched angrily for a second before he controlled his expression, smoothing it out again.
” Cas said, standing and dragging Bal up with him. “A letter. It’s
Cas paused, and Dean nodded slowly, eyes on the page. Some of the tension in his shoulders was easing – it was clear he understood.
Dean gave Cas a small smile back and they finished lunch in comfortable silence. He stacked both plates and the pan together and took them straight to the sink to wash them.
this, that Cas was willing to be
His wild hope must have jinxed the lull though, because in the next moment, Dean jerked awake and flung himself up so fast that he knocked Cas back against the couch. Dean’s eyes flitted around the room, looking for threats. His chest rose and fell erratically and his muscles were tightly wound, ready for a fight.
Dean watched him, trying not to laugh as he finally got both feet through and tugged them up. Cas turned and caught him staring.
When Sam got a little older, Dean proved he could be patient. He held Sammy’s chubby little fists and helped him balance step by step. Then, one day when Sam stood up on his own, using nothing but a little side table and the iron-like strength of his willpower, Dean opened his arms wide, a wordless promise that if Sam tried to walk towards him, Dean wouldn’t let him fall. So far, he hasn’t.
I went back and forth about posting this early so many times in the last hour. The bottom line is, I haven't updated anything else in an inexcusably long time, so I may as well update the one fic I'm not having horrid writers block with.
“First of all, I’m 22, I think I earned the right to never be called
Sam finished his cone and tossed his napkin into the nearest bin. Dean shoved whatever was left of his into his mouth and threw out his napkin too.
“Hey guys, the sun will be setting soon. Wanna go visit mom?” Raphael asked, gathering all the empty glasses.
(See the end of the chapter for
Benny and Dean had just sat down on a piece of driftwood when Charlie leaned over from behind them both.
Sam would probably be up studying by now, but Dean sent a quick
“Better watch your boy more closely next time. Looked like he was alone,” Dick spat before abruptly picking up the untouched beer and leaving.
“I-“ Cas started, then cut off, unsure what the appropriate thing to say was.
“Am I what,” Dean answered slowly, wishing the conversation would turn anywhere but here. He wasn’t ready to think about this more. He wasn’t ready to face the twisting in his stomach when he remembered how horribly he had spoken to Cas. Wasn’t ready to find out where Sams stood on the whole
Sam just shot him a look and turned around to grab three bowls and cutlery before scooping the oatmeal into the bowls and adding some strawberries on top.
He hadn’t
Cas laughed and opened the car door. “Not for long!” He raced to the front door and fumbled with the keys before finally getting it open. He tore into the kitchen, Dean hot on his heels. Cas slid to a halt in the middle of the room and Dean crashed right into him. Dean wrapped his arms immediately around Cas, which is a good thing because he was built like a literal wall and had sent Cas nearly flying.
Through some long forgotten instinct, he had enough presence of mind to cross his arms and put pressure on his wrists, but the bleeding was already slowing. Cas tried not to look down, the sight of his mangled skin was nauseating.
Nothing was sticking out, nothing was crunchy, everything moved; yet still, something inside of Dean felt permanently broken.
“Well,” Dean started, readjusting his grip on Cas’s hand. “After the surprise run in with Sam and … Samuel…my grandpa, who is somehow also alive by the way, we sliced through all the vamps and you know, freed the prisoners. I didn’t even realize it was you until I got close, and even then I thought you were dead. I drove you to the hospital and what do you know, a couple of blood bags and bandaids later, here you are.”
“Well I think that’s great. The mark of a true genius, working ahead.”
From high up in the air, Cas let out a low groan and squirmed weakly against his bonds. Dean felt like throwing up. He had wanted to get a good look at Cas’s wings from the moment he saw their shadows, but he never wanted it to be like this.
Castiel slowly spread the wings out across the bed. They draped onto the floor and the tips curled against the walls.
Cas heard nothing past he loves you too.
The kiss melted into another kiss, then another, and then another until neither the angel nor the hunter had any breath left.
“How am I gonna live with myself Cas?” Dean asked, his words breaking over one another. Castiel found his throat was thick, and he didn’t really have a good answer for him. Dean didn’t seem to be expecting one though, because he let the silence stretch on.
“You don’t think I could do it? Watch me H,” Gordon countered.
“Come back to bed,” Cas suggested softly, putting a hand on Dean’s back and guiding him upstairs. He stopped in the hallway and tipped his head towards his own room questioningly.
“Yeah, why wouldn’t I be?”
look, then flicked his eyes to Cas to see his reaction. Cas looked…confused.
“Can we just change into pyjamas?” Cas asked.
“It is way too early in the morning for this,” Dean groaned.
“We can give it a whirl if you want,” Cas said, turning the cloth over and cleaning himself off as well.
Before his thoughts could spiral further, Cas interrupted them by running a hand through his hair. He dragged a finger over his red abused lips, then trailed it down his chest.
“What the
“Says the guy who wakes up at the crack of dawn every morning and
Benny gave him a pointed look.
“Cool.” Cas answered, trying to sound casual. He absently wiped at the already spotless bar.
Castiel hummed, not sure what to say but wildly hoping his aunt wasn’t already dressed for her massage. Or rather, undressed.
“Fifteen,” Benny straightened and called out, and a tall lean boy wove out of the crowd to stand behind him.
Cas walked his test slowly up to the front, and by the time he made it back to his desk, most of the students had filed out.
It was exhilarating, moving his feet so fast they were basically a blur. He wove the ball expertly through the cones, completed the back and forth sprints, then did the course again in reverse.
“Don’t you dare scare me like that again,” Cas says in a soft rumble.
John grinned, possessed, as he jammed the toe of his boot into his son’s stomach. Someone was making a horrid whimpering sound, and Dean wanted to politely ask them to stop, but he was too busy trying to breathe.
? But the words muffled into Cas’s lips, which had crashed into his once again.
“Hey handsome,” Said an oily voice right into his ear. Dean whipped around and his stomach dropped through the floor.
Cas didn’t follow.
“Hi Cas,” Dean grinned back. He pulled the flowers from behind him and held them out.
“Gabriel,” Castiel all but whined. “We’ve already
sometimes, but he
When they reached Castiel’s room, Dean was handed a pair of soft well worn pyjama bottoms and a plain blue shirt.
Dean fell against him like he didn’t have the willpower to hold himself up anymore. Cas pressed a hand tight against his back, gently holding them together. His other hand came up to cradle Dean’s head. He let his fingers thread into Dean’s hair and he rubbed gently at his scalp, trying to somehow soothe the man that was now shaking and trying not to cry against him.
The Crocotta turned nimbly, but was half blind from the blood pouring into its eye. Dean didn’t wait for it to reorient itself. He threw all his body weight into a slice, and cleanly chopped the thing’s head off. It turns out that decapitation was close enough to an injury to the back of the head, because the thing dropped, heavy and limp and very, very dead.
Once the world stopped spinning and he had his breath back properly, Dean nodded, then stood properly and shook everything out. He didn’t actually feel like he was hurt that bad, sure he would probably be sore later, but for now he was mostly just annoyed at the player who had slammed into him.
P.S. I'd love to hear what you thought. Your feedback means the world to me <3
It could have been a minute, it could have been thirty, either way, Dean was glad he had nowhere to be this afternoon. When they finally pulled apart, Cas’s lips were red and swollen.
Cas pulled away with a raised eyebrow after a moment.
Cas tore the pouch open and dumped the mixture inside too quickly, making a little mushroom cloud of flour.
He was so focused on Cas that when the episode ended and the screen went dark, he actually jumped slightly in surprise. In the moonlight filtering in through the balcony door, he could barely see Cas smirk knowingly at him.
“Well, well, well. What have we here? Looks like I’ve caught myself a Winchester,” He said in a smug, smooth voice.
Castiel nodded in agreement. “Find something to collect the blood,” He tipped his head towards the dead vampire at his feet. Sam darted up the stairs again, no doubt running to get an empty syringe from the Impala. Castiel gritted his teeth at the thought of Dean getting shot up with something as impure as vampire blood, but it was a vital ingredient in the cure.
They were questions he couldn’t answer yet, mostly because if the answers were yes he would never forgive himself.
“He went out with a couple of the boys. Some of the fresh blood wanted to run a few drills before tomorrow and you know how antsy Cole gets before a game. They’ll probably be out there all evening just kicking the ball around.”
Castiel turned his head to follow Dean’s gaze and caught sight of Bathazar, who was smiling widely and holding a blue drink with an umbrella in it. He walked over once he saw Cas looking.
“What?”
“Uh huh,” Sam answered. The words made Dean smile. Sam would
He swung his bag over his shoulder ignoring how his uniform shirt stuck to his skin with sweat, then hurried back out of the change room to Cas.
“Don’t do that Dean,” The man warned.
“That sounds really fun, dad,” Sam said, leaning forward between the seats. Dean smirked, wondering when his little brother had learned to lie so easily.
But then
Cas didn’t react, just shifted uncomfortably on the floor. His face was slowly clearing of bruises and cuts, and it relieved Dean to know that his angel powers were still intact.
“Yeah. I mean, you’re the expert, I’m okay with it if you think it’s okay.”
The rest of the meal went by without a hitch, if you don’t count Hazel spilling her smoothie in excitement once she saw the cake.
“Are you in pain?” Dean asked after a beat.
and John was well aware of that.
He had no idea what he thought of it. He could, however, give a detailed answer if anyone asked him what he thought of
“Yeah, I do.”
“Look, I really don’t want to hear about this again. I’m into girls. If you pull this shit one more time I’ll beat the
“Yes Dean, I know how to fix this.”
“Stupidly easy with the three of us. They didn’t even need me, not sure why I went.”
It was awkward, and there was a lot of accidental pressing on injuries involved, but both men eventually made it into the shower. The water running down the drain contained long strings of black goop and came away a rusted brown colour. Dean bit his lip and shoved his wounded arm under the spray. Bits of glass made muted thunking sounds as they were washed out.
He tried his best to zone into the lesson, something about non-linear inequalities, whatever the fuck that was supposed to mean. Dean leaned forward in his chair and copied down the equation and its corresponding solution from the board. He understood the letters, the numbers, even some of the random little symbols, but how they fit together? That was beyond him. At this point, even death was preferable to sitting out the rest of this lesson.
Castiel took a steadying breath. His brother was right. If nothing had happened already, then probably, hopefully, nothing would.
Castiel seemed to gain some confidence at that. “Then would you like to meet me at the beach for dinner? I’ll pack a picnic and we can just…hang out,” he offered.
Dean put the mask back on. “You’re dating batman,” He answered in a warped voice.
Castiel to stay away from him. It didn’t make sense for it to hurt so much.
“Oh sorry, should I get you a blanket?” Benny teased before kicking Dean’s legs out from under him and pushing his head into the water again.
“Dean,” Sam said with horror as he looked frantically around and realized his brother wasn’t with them.
“Will a vampire come and eat you? Is it all scheduled out?” Cas asked, trying to join in on the teasing.
Castiel Novak. 144 Abernathy.
“Its another way of saying whats up Cas, doesn’t literally mean I think you’re cooking something.”
in that moment.
“Take it easy, Dean,” Bobby instructed. Dean nodded and the door clicked shut behind him.
Cas looked down. If Dean didn’t know any better, he’d say Cas was blushing. “You can watch me develop tomorrow’s rolls if you want.”
“Is everything alright between you two?” Sam asked, sitting backwards on a chair to look at Dean.
He ran a hand over the back of his neck, desperately trying to cool himself down. His bandaids stretched and pulled, sending stinging pain shooting across the skin. He dropped his arm back onto the desk, heart twisting.
“Did I hurt you?”
He stuttered and tried to pull away, but he had nowhere to go. He was burning from the inside out, and this was somehow worse than the hunger.
“I need to ask a favour of you.” He said slowly.
Dean didn’t have to look up to know Sam was staring at him from across their motel room.
let him go.
“I put them into another dimension,” Cas explained, ever patient. He tilted his head to both sides, then sighed and stood, dusting his coat off.
“Uhh, no,” Hazel said sassily from the chair she had claimed.
“I asked what you thought of Miss. Fuller’s answer.”
Dean groaned and sat reluctantly up. He tried to reach for his phone without getting up off of Cas, but it was too far away and he lost his balance, ending up sprawled on the floor. Cas let out a short laugh, shutting his mouth with a snap when Dean glared and him and jabbed at the screen to accept the call.
Its fine. The neck would do.
The last of the boys finally showed up and they went inside together. Inas politely requested a table for eleven and tried to smile reassuringly at the shocked looking hostess. She led them to a long table near the bar and a lanky waiter came by a few minutes later to take their orders.
The timer on their Fifa game had just blinked out when Benny’s phone rang. He lifted it, making eye contact with Dean as if asking for permission to take the call. Dean nodded while shoving more popcorn into his mouth and tossing his controller onto the couch. Benny walked into Dean’s bedroom for some privacy and the door clicked gently behind him.
The boy opened his mouth to respond, some sharp retort clearly on the tip of his tongue… but after a moment, he wilted. “Fine,” he said shortly, but it was less of a snap and more of an admission of defeat.
The room was…big. It looked more like a medium sized apartment than a hotel room. The carpet under Dean’s shoes was plush and from the door, he could already see that they had entered a living room/kitchenette space. The actual bedroom and bathroom must have been through the doorless arches on the far side.
Dean’s face scrunched up in confusion. Why would Cas not want him to see his wings?
“Sure man, anything is good.”
“Yeah,” Cas said after a beat. “I just hate that she’s not here.”
“Easy Dean, it’s just me. Remember? Castiel. We met at Crowley’s bar a couple weeks ago,” Cas said, holding his hands in the air. He wasn’t scared of Dean, but the man was clearly jumpy and Cas knew he had a weapon. He kneeled down, watching Dean nod.
“Alright.” He nodded once, then disappeared into the kitchen. Cas looked back at Dean, confused and panicked and everything else all at once. Dean just shrugged.
Cas let himself be held, completely trusting Dean to take his weight. Dean pulled him close and pressed a soft kiss to Cas’s lips, which sent shivers all down his back. They kissed fairly often now, but each one somehow felt more intense than the last.
Anna shrugged. “Every college student needs to own at least one version of twister.”
Hallo. Me again. Some quick warnings for this chapter, just because it does get a little messy. There are kinda graphic depictions of gore and violence, and some very brief mentions of rape and suicide (neither of which happen.) Please mind your triggers, I would 100% rather you skip this chapter than hurt yourself. I will provide a clean summary of it in the end note for you.
me. He doesn’t want to see me.”
“I want the cheese one!” Hazel called immediately. Anna picked her up and set her onto her chair again before the kid could crawl across the table and claim the pizza herself. Raphael laughed and cut her a small slice to cool on her plate.
Dean fumbled through the covers to find Castiel’s hand and lace their fingers together. He squeezed, hoping that would tell Cas everything he couldn’t say with his words, and it seemed to because Cas tipped his head and buried his nose in Dean’s hair.
Dean has time for a phone call with Sam, then the day is filled with the madness of classes and tryouts.
“James. I’m really glad you’re awake man. Nobody else made it. The guy is a brute.”
“Creative, rich, sweet as hell.”
“Dad?” Dean asked weakly, feeling suddenly betrayed even though deep down he knew he
“Pleasure,” Dean said, shaking her hand and trying to appear casual. Cas watched the exchange with a tiny smirk. He hugged his sister in greeting.
Cas stood frozen, looking at him like he had just grown two heads. He couldn’t tear his eyes off the dark blooming bruises on Dean’s sides, a look which Dean probably interpreted as lust and which definitely didn’t help the situation. Cas placed the mugs down hard on the counter and pointedly turned around. Did Dean think he was letting him stay here in exchange for a sexual favour? The thought made bile rise up in his throat. There was clearly way more to unpack from this situation than ‘my dad kicked me out.’
Gabriel grinned. “Cassie, get this man a room.”
He didn’t have
“I’ll go with you.”
“Well, let me know if he shows any signs of life.”
The bar too was surprisingly full, but of a different sort of people. A cluster of women decked out in red and pink giggled at him as he entered. He smiled but walked by them, stopping only once he reached the bar.
Cas paused for a moment, fingers resting against the hemline of Dean’s faded Metallica t-shirt, but then took a deep breath and pushed the shirt up, inch by inch.
“Michael does have a gift.”
“Who the
Cas picked up another glass and began wiping it, just to have something to do with his hands.
Finally.
Dean dug his fingers into the sand and found a flat smooth stone. He wiped the grains off and stood to toss it into the water. It skipped three, then four times and dropped down with a plunk that was mostly drowned out by the waves.
“CASTIEL! YOU MADE IT,” Gabriel shouted back. He stood abruptly from his chair, knocking back a stripper in scraps of red leather, and enveloped Cas in a crushing hug.
There was simply no way to put the enormity of the love into words.
2. You know how some people get intrusive thoughts? I get intrusive story endings. For a wild couple minutes, I let myself imagine the worst possible ending for this, and although I won’t make it happen, it was evil enough that I have to share it. Go on and imagine this for a moment;
“Dean, I don’t even want to
It was a lot to take in. How could he have lived his whole life not knowing monsters were real? It was a bitter realization, but he knew the instant he asked himself the question that it was because people like Dean were good at their jobs.
“What is it, love?”
That being said, you guys have been so SO helpful in easing this story along. Your suggestions are what keep me going and I get so happy every time you guys throw me a new one. I want to hear ALL your ideas. (More about this in the end note)
“Hi,” Cas said, leaning over him on his forearms, face inches away.
As he finished the second wing, he absently sat back on his ankles, pressed against Cas’s side, and began kneading the muscles in his shoulders, working out the knots.
“What did you do?” Dean asked, guiding him by the elbow back to the couch. Benny was a big guy, but right now he looked like he might faint.
The guy must have felt the stare, because he flicked his eyes up and Cas was caught. He abruptly turned to face the front, hoping his cheeks weren’t as red as they felt.
“Are you alright?”
“Come home with me,” Dean said loudly by Cas’s ear. Maybe not the sexiest invitation, but it was
“What do you say Batman, will Robin get away tonight?”
“Dean,” Cas said, not caring how broken his voice sounded. He felt broken. “How could you
Dean had, of course, been helping coach Mills with the preliminary training for anyone who was on campus early enough to start prepping for the tryouts.
Cas methodically filled in his answers, mind whirring. When he turned to watch Dean again, he noticed that he hadn’t moved at all. Actually, it looked like he was sleeping, a suspicion which was confirmed when the bell rang and Dean didn’t so much as twitch.
“Naked? Who do you think I am, walking around the house in my birthday suit?”
“Sam texted. There’s a big haunting case in Ohio and he asked me to come.”
out there.
Secretly, they were probably grateful for a chance to catch some air. It was rare that they came up with such a good excuse for a break. Under normal circumstances, it was well known that saying you were tired was
She paled.
“What can i get for you?”
“I don’t know how to tell you this, Dean, but I’m not afraid of pain. I’m not afraid of you.”
“Fuck,” Gabriel swore, which pretty much summarized the entire situation.
If they got separated, if they got separated and
Castiel stared at his brother with an incredulous look.
The rest of the evening passed at a pleasant laid back pace. The sun slipped slowly beneath the horizon and the fires grew brighter and warmer. Dean got to know Charlie quite well thanks to her tendency to ramble, and he decided he liked the girl.
his skin thrummed from Castiel’s touch. Over sensitized and
“Dean?” Cas asked softly from his side of the bed.
“So I guess I owe you sex now huh?” He asked clearly trying to sound cool and collected.
“Hello Gabriel,” Castiel said, leaning in close to be heard over the low throb of the music.
“I’ll call you back later Dean. Or you call me whenever,” Sam said quickly.
What an impossible thing. He, a soldier, a creature with so much blood on his hands Dean’s were white as snow in comparison. He had slaughtered nations, endured brutal history, killed thousands of his own brothers and sisters, tortured humans, maimed and killed, tried to become God. He, loved by Dean Winchester? The thought was so impossible he almost laughed.
“Turn over,” Cas ordered softly. Dean looked up at him for a frozen, disbelieving moment, but Cas didn’t move, so Dean flipped underneath him, immediately grinding obviously into the mattress.
Dean wanted to call out, to ask Sam how his day was, if he felt safe… but an aching feeling in his chest stopped him short. Sam made friends, got attached so easily. Usually it caused Dean to worry, because he was the one who handled the damage control when John whisked them someplace new. But this time, seeing his brother throw his head back and laugh, seeing his carefree walk, his weightless shoulders – it sparked something different.
This was different than his usual fling. This was slow and thought out, and if Dean really let his mind wander, he would probably admit that he had felt like Castiel was more than a friend for a long while.
Dean spun and walked straight out of the cafe. He walked aimlessly, but with so much anger that people on the sidewalks moved out of his way. How
Benny nodded, satisfied, and opened his books on the counter, back to Dean.
“Dude, what-“
Cole must have said something cheeky because Benny leapt onto him, rubbing his hair with his fist and making it point in all directions. Kevin and Inas were sitting on the bench, doing their best to stay out of the way. Henry was taking a long drink from his bottle. Edgar had his right foot propped up on a chair and was stretching. Azazel was hopping on one foot trying to slip on his second cleat while avoiding Richard who was flicking water at him from the sink. Gordon was bouncing a ball on his head and loudly counting how many hits he got in a row until Hester threw a running shoe at him, knocking the ball from the air.
Dean’s team ran at Gordon, whooping and cheering.
“Just,” Gabriel hesitated. “Keep an eye on him will you?” He asked before disappearing cryptically down a hallway. Dean had no idea what that was supposed to mean, and was confused as he made his way up the stairs and into Cas’s room. That’s where it all clicked into place, mostly because the atmosphere in the room was so hollow it was borderline depressing.
“It’s not! There’s so much more to it than just shooting a gun Cas, and you don’t even have
“Dude, what happened to you?” Bal asked after a couple of suspended moments. Charlie took his hand and tugged him onto the bench, which Cas was grateful for because he had been standing there, unmoving. He didn’t think he would ever regain control over his limbs again. They were too numb.
(See the end of the chapter for
Control? Who the hell does he think he is? Doesn’t matter. He will soon be dead.
Cas made a small whining noise beside him, and Dean cleared his throat. He started this. Cas had warned him that it was kind of an intimate thing and he had plowed ahead anyways. He’d be damned if he left the wings half groomed just because he couldn’t control his brain.
realized. Sam was kinda double crossed too.” Dean said
That being said, here is Cas's POV! I hope you like it, let me know what you thought!
Another hum. “I’ll leave you to it then. The antibiotic course should be finished in an hour and if he wakes and is feeling fine you should be good to take him home.”
“Come on Cas, lets do this in my room. You may need to lay down.”
Dean raised an eyebrow at him. “I thought you don’t do stitches.”
“Mor-“ Dean coughed. “Morning.” He hoped his blush didn’t show. The first words of the day were always rough as rocks for him.
“This place is amazing,” Dean said, mentally noting how Castiel hadn’t said anything about his mother.
Castiel immediately shook his head even though he wanted to beg Gabriel not to ditch him in a place like this. Gabriel smiled and stood. Candy plastered herself to his side and started to tug him away but Gabriel snapped his fingers and pointed to Cas before he got pulled into the throng of people.
Dean gave him an even look. “Theres no going back once I tell you. Please believe me when I say there are things out there you’d rather not know about.”
Castiel had an entire second to himself to be confused before a very blonde woman dressed in a white wispy thing appeared in front of him. She sinuously lowered herself right onto Castiel’s lap and through his jeans, he could feel the slow undulation of her hips.
The boy cleared his throat and Dean’s eyes snapped up, instantly widening as he caught sight of the darkest blue eyes he had ever seen.
Dean shakily changed into a pair of jeans and a plain sweater before grabbing his wallet and phone. The air was cold and nipped at his face on his walk to the bar, but Dean welcomed the distraction. He would do whatever it took to get himself out of his mind and body for the night.
Dean shook his head. “You keep mentioning this mysterious Andrea but in all three years I’ve known you, I’ve never once met her. Is she even real?”
seemed too vulgar. Too insufficient. He didn’t just want to be fucked. He wanted to somehow merge with Cas entirely. To
In the silence, Dean’s stomach made an obnoxiously loud rumbling noise.
He tipped his forehead against Dean’s and bit down hard on his bottom lip as he came. The rhythmic clenching around Dean pushed him over the edge as well, and when he came back down to earth, Cas was collapsed against his chest, breathing hard. Dean wrapped both arm’s around Cas’s back, marvelling at the light sheen of sweat there.
4. Love you all! Stay safe and sane!
“Yeah right, Dean, I’m almost as tall as you. One day, I’ll be taller.”
Dean’s left arm was wrapped up almost entirely in neat tan coloured taping. Now that Cas was paying attention, he noticed that Dean was keeping it tilted off the table a little, as if it hurt him.
“Sure Dean, whatever you’d like,” Cas answered mildly. Dean stepped out, shutting the door gently behind him.
There was an openness to the question, an unspoken hope that even Dean could see right through. His stomach swooped.
One picture was of Gabriel’s back as he jumped off a cliff into the water below. His hair was sticking straight up and his body slightly blurred from the speed of his fall.
“Ham and swiss. I made them myself,” Cas said proudly, taking a bite out of his own.
“Yeah, like you don’t face those risks every time you go out?” Cas screamed, properly frustrated now.
Sam laughed at him. “I keep telling you not to put so much in your mouth.”
the body that the corresponding injuries were on.
He threw a piece in the air and caught it in his mouth.
He looked up at the ceiling, wishing he could somehow take the words back and start again with something different. Of course he would mess it all up one phrase in.
“The water is warm, it feels nice. You don’t have to think about anything.”
He turned, finally, to look back at the sunset. There was only a thin sliver of sun left, and now deep purples and vibrant shades of turquoise were dancing over the softly rippling waves.
Dean was going to burst out of his skin. He needed more. He needed their shirts off at least. Hell, he needed everything off. He let go of Cas’s thick dark hair and trailed his fingers down his sides, slipping them up and under his shirt.
Cas caught Dean’s eye and nodded to the empty chair beside him. Anna scooped Hazel up and sat in her chair.
this morning putting it in!” Castiel defended himself. He patted a hand down over his own hair to prove it. The strands sprung back into place. Or rather out of place. The whole look turned out messier than his usual, which was really saying something.
The opposition was vicious and there wasn’t a single lull in the game. By the time the final buzzer sounded, Dean barely had enough energy to celebrate the win. The visitor side of the stands erupted in cheers and thundering applause.
“To be continued,” He whispered into Dean’s ear. Dean swallowed against his racing heart and let himself be tugged into the house, then led down to the kitchen.
“Not his fault this whole place looks the same,” Kevin defended.
Dean surrendered to it, letting his lips part and the kiss deepen. Cas licked along his bottom lip and glided smoothly, teasingly, along his tongue. Dean barely held back a groan. He didn’t know where to put his hands and eventually settled on holding himself up with one and slipping the other under the hem of Cas’s sweatshirt. Cas moaned, completely unashamed to make noise, and it drove Dean wild. He pressed closer and bit gently on Cas’s lip.
amount of blood and dirt crusted on his shirt.
have you been, boy? John, why the FUCK are you here?”
handsome. Close cut hair, alert green eyes, a hint of stubble, and a jawline that could cut
When he came back around to face the angel, he grinned and wiggled his fingers.
” Dean gritted out.
A door opened and crashed shut, and Cas had just enough time to stand again before James let out an impressive stream of curses.
Dean let out a bark of laughter. “You almost just died and you’re asking me if I’m okay?”
“Seriously? I would love to see some of your stuff,” Dean said, suddenly serious.
From outside, Dean could hear snippets of what sounded like a very wild yelling match.
“Thanks for doing this,” Charlie said honestly once they had reached the parking lot again.
Sometimes my writing consists of me, up at 4am, muttering abuse at my computer while adding another shot of whiskey to my stone cold coffee. Other times I zone out and when I come back, there are 10,000 words and I can’t say for sure if it was me that wrote them because I don’t remember any of it. The next few chapters are of the second type.
“Oh. Thank you,” Dean said, taking the ball of clothes that Cas held out to him. He seemed to be trying to keep calm but Cas became acutely aware of how he was blocking the door and how nervous Dean seemed because of it.
I was going to say that it's Saturday
It had to be some twisted sort of dream, he would wake up soon and find himself warm and in bed. Maybe someone roofied him at the bar. But no. Even that thought was too wild to be true because he never drank on the job.
” Dean said sharply, a warning. Cas’s heart twisted with malice, but that feeling spoiled into something closer to hurt when Dean didn’t oppose any of Samuel’s harsh words.
nothing looked out of place.
Dean set down his empty glass and took the card from her. “Sure. Go win.”
He turned to look at the clock. 5:43.
He flicked on the light and Dean stirred in the sudden brightness. He opened one eye and scrambled backwards as soon as he caught sight of Cas. His back bumped hard into the edge of the tub and he gasped in pain, curling forwards and thunking his forehead onto the cool tiles.
For the first time in years, Cas resisted the urge to turn on the porch light. Dean was home. The habit no longer served a purpose.
Dean woke well before his alarm feeling rested and ready for the day. He went through his usual routine, a run, a shower, and a quick breakfast, then decided to get coffee from a shop on his way to school. The beauty of waking early was the luxury of time.
Cas spent what felt like a blissful eternity working the tension out, and when he finally sat back and let his hands drop into his lap, Dean felt like an overcooked noodle, completely unwilling to move ever again.
“Was that your brother?”
Cas huffed out a laugh and Dean felt the vibration of it in his own chest. “Yeah, I’m not too fond of spanking. But if anything else comes up I’ll let you know.”
“No, no kid. NO.”
Behind the counter stood a middle aged woman that looked like she would give good hugs. The place was… quaint. The perfect study spot. He never would have gone in unless Cas had suggested it to him.
Dean picked up a few shifts at the bar when things were quiet. Crowley immediately took to him, but their banter was so harsh that they would have appeared to be enemies to someone who didn’t know them both so well.
“Dude you can’t just say that and not explain. Tell me about her. Is she hot?”
“Never. You need more friends.” Benny smirked, ducking Dean’s swat.
The phone clicked off and Dean stared at it, startled by Bobby’s abruptness.
where the man lived. How could he have let that happen?
Gabriel froze with a mouthful of creamy coffee, eyes wide.
Cas gasped in a breath of air and threw a hand onto Dean’s shoulder.
He was going on a date.
“I’ve got the first episode ready to go. Have you seen any of them?” Dean asked, leading Cas to the pull out bed, which was currently in its couch form.
It was for this reason alone that Dean chose to take a classic literature course. He figured he would need something completely different from the usual
“Yes most of them. I enjoy making broken things look beautiful and exposing the cracks in what appears to be perfection.”
something. But what
Dean needed him. He
Dean gave a little yelp and danced around, trying to shake off the tickling mess that felt like it was crawling down the back of his shirt and under his cape. Cas was doing a similar and equally ridiculous dance beside him.
“Yeah no kidding. Can I help you?”
“Sorry, I was just asking.”
It’s not like he’d ever had any good examples of how to properly apologize. With Sammy, all he had to do was open his mouth, and somehow the kid knew what he meant even before he started stuttering his way through an apology.
“Good,” he said, inches away from Dean’s face.
The oven timer chose that moment to beep.
“We close in half an hour, will you wait until then?”
Cas heard a long, wet wail, and it took several seconds for his brain to catch up and realize the sound was coming from his own mouth.
Dean hopped a couple times and shook out his shoulders to loosen up, then began the jog out of the room. The team followed in a tight line as he led them under the stadium lights and in a jog around the field. It was exhilarating, having hundreds of voices shouting and cheering. In the middle of the green space, the cheer team was waving their pom poms and doing some complicated looking flips.
Slowly, Dean worked his way over the right wing, wiping each feather clean with a new section of towel and inch by inch clearing away the grime.
“Brother if you do start craving that make sure you do tell me so I can stay far away from you and your madness.”
Cas?” He hissed. The hurt in his voice came out more like a threat, and Dean hated himself for it. Hated how much he sounded like
“Good to know. I’ll see you then,” Dean said before there was a soft click and Cas hung up. He felt a jolt of excitement even as his mind raced, trying to think of how he would manage to find a suit in the next couple hours.
(See the end of the chapter for
Slowly, his breath evened out and he felt steady enough to stand and lean against the counter. The face looking back at him in the mirror did not look like his own. His eyes were completely bloodshot, making him look crazed. His hair stood wildly. His skin was pale and glossy from sweat. He had a deep purple bruise on one cheek.
He wasn’t a fool..he knew very well exactly what Sam may have seen and thus would want to discuss, but there was simply nothing to say. There was no way Dean, arrow straight Dean who killed anything nonhuman on sight, would ever be comfortable around him if he knew how the angel felt.
“No. No, don't even say that. Look at me.” He was a limp rag doll, pliant, not an ounce of control over his own body. Gabriel put a hand on either side of his head and pulled him away far enough to look into his eyes.
“...Noted,” Dean said. Cas let the silence hang, content to just breathe with the weight of Dean resting over him.
that’s why Dean didn’t want to talk to him. For all he knew, Cas expected a proposal from him or something. It was ridiculous, but… it wasn’t so unrealistic of a thought when Cas rewound the tape and considered how he had acted. He really
Benny gave him a crooked smile and shook his head. He laid a long plastic bag with a hanger sticking out the top over the couch.
And, speaking of Cas, there was a soft knock at the door. It swung lightly open.
Dean squinted at him and inspected his hands, but nothing appeared to be burnt. “Alright, go shower then.”
He turned and saw Hannah waving wildly at him from a table in the middle of the room. He smiled and shouldered his way over to her. Balthazar stood when he saw him and crushed him in a hug, which Hannah joined in on.
“Dean, you and Cas should go,” Raphael suggested, nursing a bent wrist.
“Hey Cas”
“What’s it to you?” he answered snarkily. Shit.
Dean’s second class dragged on and on for what seemed like forever. When the professor finally dismissed them, he practically bolted out of the room, pulling out his phone as he went.
Cas remained frozen for a second as his mind caught up to reality, but then he was kissing back, weaving his fingers into Dean’s hair with one hand and catching his hip with the other, tugging him into his lap with inhuman strength.
The pie had cooled enough to no longer be nuclear, so he sliced into it and scooped generous portions of vanilla ice cream on top. He slid a plate to Dean and tucked the ice cream back into the freezer before digging into his own slice.
“This is a birthday, not a wedding Gabe,” Michael informed him, giving his youngest brother an apologetic look.
Dean looked down and realized he hadn’t even taken a bite yet. He picked up his fork and speared some cheesy pasta. It was surreal; better than any pasta Dean had ever tried before. The flavour was sharp, and the pasta itself was simply indescribable; somehow fluffy and dense at the same time.
Excuse any math errors below. If they exist, I don't want to know about them. The time it took for me to write this is the longest I'm willing to spend on math at this point in my life.
He returned with two fresh beers and handed one to Cas before sitting down again.
“Choose your weapon, sir.”
“Okay. Then he’s probably at home,” Charlie reasoned. Cas choked. He was scum of the earth. The worst person to ever walk the planet. He claimed he loved Dean, yet he had
different,” Cas agreed easily, not one bit upset by Dean’s curtness. “Parents died when I was really little, so my aunt Amara took Gabe and I in. She still swings by sometimes, but she likes to travel. And anyways, Gabe is kind of a party animal, and they clash.”
down!”
“I remember my first day of high school,” Gabriel started wistfully, stabbing at his pancakes with a fork. “I got numbers for half the grade by the time the day was over. Slept through most of them by the end of September.”
His heart twisted in an ugly way, but the rest of him was too shocked to feel much of anything. He was so zoned out that he didn’t even hear Bobby come in until the man was kneeling in front of him.
Dean reached beside him and picked up his phone.
“Come on dude, it’s not even that bad,” he said, half joking. Cas braved another look at the wound and had to disagree. It did actually look that bad.
“It really says I need to kiss you?” Dean asked teasingly, snatching the pouch away from Cas.
“You don’t know that,” Castiel answered hollowly, knuckles white where he was gripping the edge of the sink.
“Hiya Kev,” Dean greeted the awkward freshman.
When the door shut behind Dean, he fought against every fibre of his being and did not follow.
“Cas!”
Once Benny was settled, he let himself drop backwards onto the thin pull out mattress, which squeaked in protest.
Dean hummed in agreement. The wagon did a lazy tour of the farm, bumping gently over dirt paths through another corn maze, past a large pumpkin patch, out through a wheat field, then did a slow turn to do it all in reverse.
Sam looked up from the open fridge where he was putting away some zucchini.
“The general consensus seems to be that new deep dish pizza place downtown,” Benny answered. “We were all going to drop our stuff off at home and meet there at 6.”
Dean plucked a dried ear of corn from one of the stalks and pulled the browned husk away layer by layer as he walked. The hard little kernels of corn winked bright yellow at him and he twisted his hand tightly around them, ripping a handful of them off at once. He tossed them in the air and they rained down on both him and Cas.
,” Balthazar muttered.
Cas shuddered against him and Dean squeezed him once before letting him pull away, pointedly not watching as Cas wiped roughly at an unruly tear and turned to look in the direction his family had disappeared.
“Please,” Dean sighed, letting his warm fingers tangle once again in Cas’s hair. Cas gently gripped the base of Dean’s cock, not tight enough to provide any real relief. He kissed a line down to Dean’s balls, where they hung warm and heavy, then back up, reverently slow.
Dean set it on the counter and gave Cas the briefest peck on the cheek before twisting away and turning the oven on. From somewhere behind him, Cas gasped and called him a cheater. Dean pulled a mixing bowl and a pan out from one of his cupboards. It was a miracle he even had these things, he didn’t cook very often.
He decided that yes, it was too casual, tore off the shirt, and dropped it onto the now sizable pile of shirts on his bed. He stalked back to his closet and pulled out two button ups, one white and the other a pale pink, then carried them both to his mirror.
He didn’t think, didn’t stop to question himself and mess it all up. He just leaned smoothly forward and caught Cas’ lips with his own.
“Yeah, don’t mention-“ But the door had already slammed shut. Dean stood in his empty apartment, the atmosphere slowly whirling and calming around him.
Cas looked around at the ruined room. There were supplies scattered everywhere. Glass shattered in a corner. A stack of blankets and sheets knocked to the floor. He was out like a light for a
“You’re mad,” Dean spat. His anger bubbled, along with his guilt. No, Cas wasn’t his boyfriend, but that doesn’t mean he shouldn’t have put more effort into a search. Dean cursed himself for ignoring his gut feeling. Another gut feeling told him that Sam was right with his Rougarou theory. He had a vague memory of an Anthony Price in his father’s journal, and a warning to look for any potential children that may have been his.
Cas shook his head. “You have nothing to apologize for.”
He had to get out of here. He had to get outside. Somewhere loud. He didn’t want to think anymore, and he desperately needed a strong drink.
Cas sat down weakly. Dean didn’t look like he was in pain, but it had to be an act. Stitching yourself back up could not have been comfortable. Cas cursed himself for not having anything strong to drink in the apartment. Dean probably could have used a stiff drink right about now.
“No, you shouldn’t have,” Dean interrupted. He didn’t mean it, but he had to say
“Well I’m gonna let you go. I’m on a hunt for wildflowers.”
I started a new job at a maximum security federal prison this week and it was been WILD. Nursing in that environment is 100% different and I never thought I would end up doing something like this. (Now I’m curious if any of you have crazy jobs.)
“I was not sure what proper game attire was. Michael informed me that it is important to show school spirit and dress according to the school colours.”
