He’d only taken it when the pain got so bad he was unable to sleep, when he couldn’t close his mind to it and the other thoughts that followed on its heels, and no one, save perhaps Bucky, who knew too much anyway, would know how much he sometimes needed the dark quiet that emptied his mind when he took it. For reasons he couldn’t quite explain, he did not want word of his…discomfort…to reach Tony, as word of anything to do with him seemed to manage to do, if Tony’s letters were any indication. Hell, he’d barely had the wound from Raza’s blade bandaged before Redwing was pecking at his hand with Tony’s letter demanding to know what was going on and how Steve fared.
“He shouldn't have said that, and he’s sorry,” Steve said with a sigh, scraping his hand through his hair.  “He didn’t mean it, he just gets worked up worrying about me.  Leftover from when we were kids,” Steve added with a lopsided smile. “But, thanks for not taking him up on it.”
The first touch of the warm, oil-coated finger at his entrance was enough to make Steve stiffen, though he tried to force himself to relax.  It didn’t work.  Tony traced the circle of his rim, once, twice, as Steve watched, Tony’s gaze completely captivated by the sight before him.  He pushed his finger into Steve’s hole, burying it deep in one, quick thrust.  Steve grunted at the sudden intrusion, then groaned.  It hurt, but not terribly so, more the surprise of it than anything.  He only barely moved, letting his hips roll with it and trying to tamp down on the need to thrust, to reach for more of that sensation of being filled, yet still being far too empty.  Tony pulled his finger out, then slid it back in again, repeating the motion over and over while he watched Steve.  Steve’s breathing was coming in fast, shallow pants.  His heart thudded in his ears.  The pressure on his cock and balls, the ache from his nipples, the burning stretch of Tony’s finger, it kept pushing him higher and higher, lifting him up and towards some crest that he couldn’t see, but could feel, just a little bit out of reach.
There had been a camp, a small one, a few days back. Camp meant people. Food. Shelter. Fire. Camp meant safety. For most people, anyway. But, not for them. Because of him, Tony knew. It was his fault they couldn’t stop. His fault they were out there by themselves with winter fast approaching.
Tony breathed out against the curve of Steve’s neck, his mouth hovering. He looked up at Steve, a small smile tugging at his lips.
“You really don’t,” Tony said finally, wrapping a hand around one of Steve’s.  It was warm and heavy where it sat limply in Tony’s.  Nothing had ever felt better or worse, which he knew made no sense, but it was true.  The worst kind of comfort, but the only kind to be had.  He could feel Thor and Bruce watching him, but ignored it.
His Alpha was crazy.  Absolutely insane.  The whole thing was insane. The whole damn evening was somewhere two exits past Crazyville.  First, Steve’s all happy Tony’s jealous, which makes no sense.  Then, he’s—he’s what?  Telling Tony that he wouldn’t like it if Tony had ended up with someone else?  Well, join the club, Steve-o.  We have burned omelets and dishsoap.
“I’d forgotten that part,” Tony said quietly.  He swiped a hand at his forehead, then looked back at Steve.  “Think you’d ever want to re-enlist?”
“Tony,” Steve’s voice crackled, breaking and curling around the word like the crest of a wave.  It didn’t even really sound like Tony’s name, but he knew it was.  He was pushing his way through blurry, blue-gowned phantoms before he quite knew what he was doing.  Steve. Steve needed him.  Tony reached out a hand for Steve, dancing over the air above him, trying to find something that qualified as a good place to settle.
“Uh, right.  Thanks,” Tony said.  He slid out of the seat and moved towards the doors just as they started to close, waving a hand between them to stop them from shutting.  “Sorry,” he called out to the driver, when they swung open again.
“Or if you disobeyed me, and I took you over my knee?  Used my hand or my belt on you until you begged me to stop?” Tony mused, seemingly idly, though his eyes were dark and intent on Steve.
“Great, you’re going to love the—“ Steve started, picking up the MRE that had been in his utility belt from the table and looking at the packaging.  “The ‘beef stew.’”
“Kings do not get to cling to ignorance to absolve them of wrongs done in their name.  Besides, you tried to tell me,” Tony shot back, grimacing.  “You tried to tell me what Zola was, and I—well.  I did not care to believe it.  I did not know,” Tony said again. “I did not know.  I would never—“ he sucked in a breath, wet and garbled, and drew his hand to his mouth.  “I would never allow—you must believe me, I would not—you are—” he broke off, clenching his eyes together and holding his fist to his mouth.
The praise flowed warm, like sunlight, dappling Steve’s skin, like Tony’s words always did.  A deep contentment stirred in his chest, easing away everything else except the vague sense of remembered pleasure, hazy and bright at the same time.
Tony’s hand worked him through the last of it, until Steve had stopped shaking and gone dry, then he let go and rinsed off in the shower, while Steve watched.  He wanted to tell Tony to stop, to stay like that, to keep it on him, wanted to see Tony covered like that.  Shame at the thought burned through him, but it didn’t push the thought away, if anything, made it somehow brighter, clearer, more true.  He didn’t say anything, of course, but Tony always knew, anyway.  Tony was grinning again, clearly pleased, almost surprised.
Steve blew out a long puff of air and swiped a hand over his face.  He wasn’t being fair.  He knew that.  Brock’s situation was totally different than whatever fantasy version of Tony Steve’s mind conjured up.  It wasn’t as if Brock
“Pulling the Beyoncé card? That’s low, man.  That’s real low,” Rhodey said. “Talk to him.  Seriously.  Now give me one of those cranberry panic muffins.”
“Yeah?  What’d that railing ever do to you then?” Tony asked, reaching out a finger to nudge at where Steve’s hand gripped the metal bar so tightly it had started to form a hand-shaped indention.  Or, that’s what Tony meant to do, he would swear, but then he felt the familiar warmth of Steve’s skin beneath the rough pad of his finger and found himself tracing the line of Steve’s hand around the curve of the railing before he drew his hand back as if burned when he realized the intimacy of the gesture.  He raised his eyes to Steve’s face long enough to see if he had noticed the action, but Steve was still watching the city’s movements, bright little ants tracing out a pattern of life far below.
“If you say so,” Steve said, pausing for a moment. “You’ll still take the boy to ward?” he asked, though he knew the answer.
The third day brought a bright, cloudless sky and Steve’s first look at the Ridge.  It was a hard, barren landscape, awash in whites, browns and grays. A few sparse, brown-leafed trees clung to the rocky ledges, but otherwise, there was little in the way of vegetation.  A long, sinuous gorge snaked through the land where old mountains rose like a spine. Mines, rich in ore, and quarries of stone had made the Lord of the Ridge one of the richest men in the realm, second only to Tony, Steve supposed as he peered out the window of his carriage.  The road here, at least, was flat and smooth. One of the benefits of having master stoneworkers on hand and a seemingly endless supply of fresh paver stones.
Steve started running his hand up and down Tony’s cock, slowly at first, twisting his wrist on each stroke to get the friction Tony needed. It was a beautiful sight, Tony coming undone, Steve thought, the thought that he got to have this still new enough to leave him dazed.  Tony loved so fiercely, so deeply, it was a tidal pull that could overwhelm, drag at you until you were pulled under its wake, or it could remake the world.  Life and death, Steve thought, watching Tony’s eyes flutter shut, breath coming in sharp, short pants.  Not a beginning, nor an end, but a loop, a circle.  A man, on the edge of the water, holding the moon in his hands.
“Still,” Kirk replied with a long sigh that turned into a grimace.  “I’m an ass sometimes.  It’s a…thing I do.”
Steve had a piece of the rippled pasta in his hand, trying to find his mouth with it, but ending up rubbing it against his nose, like it was a game of pin-the-pasta on the baby, when Clint walked in with plastic bags brimming with baby things.   Steve, apparently giving up on getting the pasta into his own mouth, tried to shove the piece into Tony’s ear instead.
“No!  No.  Nothing like that.  Just…I wanted to sketch the sunset, and he knew a place with a good view of the cliffs in the foreground and so…we sort of hiked up there,” Steve rambled, knowing it sounded lame.  It had actually been one of his favorite afternoons, trying not to laugh as Tony maneuvered the path in a suit and Italian loafers, insisting that a little nature wasn’t any reason not to look fabulous.  Which all went to hell as a rainstorm caught up with them just as the last of the sun dipped below the horizon and they were forced to walk back getting drenched.  He really hadn’t been able to hide his laughter then.  Wet Tony was adorable.  Like dropping a cat in the bathtub, all hysterical affront and spikey hair.
The alien chanted lowly in his strange whalesong-dolphin-techno-birdsong language, but it sounded breathy now. Fluttery and light, like he, too, was deeply affected.  Tony’s body rocked with the hard pump of the alien’s hips. His hard, tight balls slapped against Tony’s ass, and Tony could only think that had to hurt, though the alien showed no sign of it as he drove into Tony’s hole with singular purpose.
“Um, swords, bow and arrow, and the joust, I expect,” Tony said, smiling down at Cam.  “The winner will receive a purse of a hundred gold coins, and no, I don’t expect anyone will die, unless it is of boredom, as these things usually drag on forever. The swords and lance tips are blunted for the tourney, though injuries do happen.  A lance coming at you from horseback is no small thing, regardless of whether the end is pointed or not.”
To be fair, the whole situation hadn’t entirely been Tabbert’s fault. Sure, the guy had been an ass about it, but Tony had known from the get-go that Tabbert was not happy about having a junior year Omega in his precious grad seminar that Tony thought was more fairly titled Buy My Crappy Two Hundred Dollar Textbook and Tell Me Why You Love It, and he had been looking for Tony to slip up since day one.  Of course, not being three weeks’ ahead in the materials hadn’t been entirely Tony’s fault, though when answering the Professor’s demand to know why Tony hadn’t gotten that far along if the material was really so simple with the honest truth that he had been too busy sucking his Alpha’s giant knot had probably not been Tony’s most mature college moment.
“Shut up,” Rhodes said, shaking his head and smiling.  “You shut up, too,” he added, pointing a finger at Tony, who was watching them with a deep intensity that made Steve’s stomach twist.  I am a soldier, he wanted to shout, though he didn’t, just clamped his jaw together and returned Tony’s gaze.  “Are all the soldiers in the Free States like you?” Rhodes asked as he got shakily to his feet.
“Just so I’m clear,” Steve said slowly when Tony finally took a breath.  “We’re fighting about how much we love each other, and you just asked me to marry you with a Cracker Jack toy?”
“Your…family.  You must miss them,” Tony said quietly.  He wasn’t looking at Steve.  His eyes on the canopy overhead, mouth pursed, as if he had never noticed it before.  “It could be possible…perhaps, to have them visit or…even stay, if they were inclined.”
I can fix anything, Tony thought, burying his head into the vee of Steve’s neck.  His skin smelled like soap.  Not dishsoap, but close enough, familiar and soothing.  I can fix anything, except me, but I’m not broken with Steve, so it’s okay.  Not broken, just…a little worn, he recalled, rubbing his fingertips together through the cotton of the t-shirt, just above the seam.
Btw, "Agent Paz" of SHIELD Science Division's Robotics department is a shout out to one of my followers who figured out that Tesla was standing in for Howard for Project Rebirth, since I adjusted the timeline.
“Tony…I’m trying to—” Steve broke off, brow furrowing in frustration.  “You weren’t what I was expecting.  At all.  And I haven’t known what to feel about that since that first night.  I didn’t want to like you.  I didn’t want to like any part of being here.  This was supposed to be—if it was terrible, if
“Steve said you and Nat had your wedding up there,” Tony said.  “He seemed…he seemed to like that.  The whole farm thing.  Said it was nice.”
Was Tony like that? Like them?  Maybe. Probably, Steve amended, trying to wrap his head around the idea.  Tony was very obviously
“Wouldn’t miss it,” Tony said, watching the elevator doors close on Steve’s smile.  There was something wrong with his stomach and chest.  They were all tight and twisted, but in a weirdly good way, which made no sense, and his face kept doing this strange half-smile, half-laugh thing that made his reflection in the metal of the elevator’s door look like he was about to burst into song.
“Yeah, don’t think there’s much doubt of that, bro.  You stay out of trouble, okay?  Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do,” Bucky said, clapping Steve on the back and heading towards Darcy.
Steve shifted a bit, and Tony watched Tabbert go rigid as a corpse.  Try as he might, Tony couldn’t keep his gaze from dropping down, just for a second, and he had to clamp down on the inside of his cheek to keep from letting a horrified chuckle out.  The Dean had already given him permission to do the classwork with another professor as his mentor, which worked out great, because Tony was not going to be able to unsee the front of Professor Tabbert’s pants, and, really, it took something away from the learning environment when you knew your Professor wet himself.
There was a--a something.  It must have been behind him, because it seemed to appear out of nowhere.  A
.  He was starting to truly, deeply hate seeing it there on the floor of the jet, smeared by too many footsteps.
“We should probably head back,” Tony said when Steve finally caught his breath, though there was no real urgency in his voice.  Honestly, he didn’t really want this to end, not just yet.  He should be exhausted and have already felt the need to find his own space, and realized with surprise that the usual skittering sensation under his skin when was around someone else for too long hadn’t made an appearance.
Then the man started making some kind of huffing-crackling-wheezing noise that seemed to start in his chest and shake out of him.  Anto stared at him in wonder. He remembered that noise. He had made that noise when he was small, and it had so disturbed the clan that Maara made him stop, but now, here was this man making that same noise and not seeming to care at all.   Finally, Anto realized he was being rude, even if the man didn’t seem to mind, and dropped his gaze. The man’s noises slowly stilled to a halt and he dropped his hand from where he had been holding onto Anto’s. It was still warm and oddly tingly, Anto noticed. The man nodded once, which Anto took to mean he should start.
Sure, after a while, that had seemed, well…boring.  Staid.  Straight-laced.  Tony was moving on to his PhD, getting deeper and deeper into the world of elite scientists and engineers at the cutting edge of AI, and Steve was, well…just sort of there.  He’d listen to Tony talk, ask questions at the right times, sound encouraging and amazed, do all of that good boyfriend stuff, but he didn’t really
This could be enough.  Part of Steve. That’s all he asked.  Part of Steve got to be his, only his.  That was enough.  He could make Steve happy.  Give him what he wanted.  That would be more than he ever though he’d get, after all.  More than he ever expected.  Why did it seem so small now?
The doctors said his appetite would return.  But, in Tony’s experience, doctors said a lot of things.
“I can help,” Tony said.  “Well, not me.  That’s an…infinitely bad idea. I can get him help.  Make things easier.  For both of you. I want to.  I want…I would…be a part of that, if I could.  But, even if I can’t, I’m still all in, if he’ll let me.”
“Why the hell not?” Tony shouted, tossing the wrench he’d been fidgeting with hard against the metal worktable, the loud bang echoing in the room.
Tony raised his eyes up to Steve’s and drew in a shuddering breath.  His whole body was alight, thrumming with energy that skimmed under his skin and crackled along his nerves, making his heart pound, but somehow kept the rest of him held suspended.  He was fairly sure if Steve let him go, he would just melt into the floor, though he knew Steve would never let that happen.
“No.  No, you aren’t,” Tony said quietly, little more than a tight whisper, and pushed himself off the bed, grabbing a robe and heading for his workshop.
“I take it you heard from her again,” Steve guessed, a smile forming.  Seemingly at each of their stops along the way from Highcastle, there had been a letter from Ms. Potts waiting for Tony, admonishing him in increasingly strident tones that he needed to send her instructions and respond to several letters from various nobles and others who required Tony’s attention.
“I didn’t,” Steve started, then cleared his throat, looking over at Bucky.  “I didn’t know that.  About Clint.  God, I’m an ass.  I shouldn’t have assumed.”
This is where Stane picked Tony over Howard, Steve realized. That’s it. That’s the thing that happened. Here. Now.  This was what she wanted him to see. This was the beginning of what would lead to Afghanistan and the reactor and everything that came after.  No one there knew it, of course, probably not even Stane himself, but this was where it began, Steve thought to himself.  He could see an unsettled expression flit across Peggy’s face, quickly, fleetingly, but it deepened to annoyance before she could quite grasp on to it, because she
“Two.  Getting bored here, Mad-Eye,” the man drawled from the other side of the door.  “Seriously? Fine, three.  Your loss.”
Steve doesn’t want me, so he doesn’t want me to suffer, Tony told himself.  That was…kind. Kind?  He tried the word out in his head for a moment, let it settle, like a stone that had been sent skipping across the surface of a pond and was finally able to slowly sink to the bottom.  The thought was new, foreign, but it sunk into the muck of his brain and sat there, unmoving.  Not all Alphas were terrible, obviously.  Obie had always been nice enough in his way.  At least he’d taken an interest in Tony, and he had always been generous, even if his gifts ended up in the pile with the crap Tony’s mom insisted on giving him.
“Good for them,” Tony said with a somewhat surprising amount of genuine emotion behind it.  He was happy for them.  Really and truly happy. They were his friends, too. Or, they had been.  Jury was still out for now.
He wasn’t, but it didn’t matter, so he nodded and followed Coulson through the labyrinth of hallways and elevators until he saw a sign that helpfully pointed them towards conference room B, where Captain Rogers was waiting for him.
He thought about playing cards.  He thought about movies they hadn’t had the chance to watch yet.  He thought about his drawings of Maria and the power loader with the bots and Joshua.  He thought about his watch, wrapped up in an Army t-shirt that he knew felt soft against his skin and hung to his hips.
I don’t want it to always be a fight, Steve thought, daring a look up at Tony through his lashes. Tony wasn’t watching him, seemingly engrossed in his paperwork while Steve disrobed.  He wasn’t even sure what he meant by that.
. Don’t let anyone ever tell you that’s a bad thing. Anyone, Steve. Not Bread or whatever the fuck his name is, not
“Just something I found lying around,” Steve said, one side of his mouth tugging up into a lop-sided grin.  “It suits you,” he added, leaning back against the bench.
“You’re mine.  That’s who you are,” Steve said in a warm, breathy voice that seemed to fill Tony’s chest, like the words were air.  “And you do know what you’re doing, Tony.  Don’t pretend. Not with me. You know what the armor is for.  We both know,” Steve went on, voice breaking at the last.
taking it slow.  You don’t want to go be a part of his world, and I get why, I do, Stevie, I do.  I’m not saying something like that’s easy.  Not for guys like you an’ me.   Hell, look at me and Nat.  You think that was fun, meeting her folks?  Me, with my one good arm, extremely-useful-in-the-real-world gunner skills and a disability pension that won’t pay half a month’s rent in this city?” Barnes demanded.
He hadn’t meant to sound that way.  To let himself sound that way.  The sherry sloshed against the rim of the glass.  He set it down on the marble-topped table and walked over to stand in front of the cabinet.  He could see his reflection in the silver plate.  Jarvis always kept everything in here so shiny.  The way she liked it. The way she liked all her things.  Beautiful and gleaming and perfect.
“And why did you put the pieces where you put them?” the King asked, sweeping a hand out towards the table.
Tony pushed open the door and stepped inside, making Steve turn in startle and nearly bump his shin into the glass coffee table next to where he was standing, making the Newton's cradle metal ball toy sitting atop it begin clicking back and forth in a kinetic frenzy .
“Pretty sure you can get wherever you want,” Steve laughed.  “You want to have some breakfast before you go?”
Tony walked over and sat down heavily on the crackled leather sofa. He bent over and reached across the sofa for the tablet, swiping it on, then rubbing a hand over his eyes at the glow and letting his head lean back against the cushion pillowing his neck. He finally looked back at the screen, idly thumbing through the company emails, most of which he would ignore.
Steve looked at him, blinking owlishly, then tilted his head back and let out a husked out version of a laugh that set Tony’s teeth on edge.
Steve wasn’t sure if Tony really believed there was nothing to it or was just saying that for the benefit of superstitious guards who gave the stones a wide berth as if they were afraid they might accidentally disturb them.  Somewhat to his chagrin, Steve found himself doing the same. They walked on for awhile, then Tony suddenly stopped and raised his hand.
“You’re not the only rich guy who gets the private table, Tony, come on,” Hammer protested.  Tony watched his eyes flick to Steve again, tongue coming out to wet his lips as he did, though, thankfully, Steve was studiously studying the wood paneling at the far end of the room or just about anything that wasn’t Justin Hammer.    “Sharing is caring.  Am I right?”
It was almost too much.  Almost. So cold, it burned, winter fire seeping into his veins.  And then it was melting and the cold sensation giving over to a budding warmth that went straight to Steve’s cock.  Then, another sliver of ice was slipped inside him, and his hips bucked wildly, Tony’s voice a distant pull as pleasure, pain, heat, cold, all of it, rippled through Steve in waves.  It stung and ached, sharp and pounding, the cold making Steve want to curl in on himself, and then almost as soon as the feeling hit, it dissipated as the ice melted inside of him, the constant rub of Tony’s thumb around his entrance tethering him down somehow when Steve thought he might otherwise crash into some kind of invisible wall.
“Many reasons,” Tony replied obliquely, shrugging lightly as he walked around the table and over to where Steve stood, stopping a mere hand’s length from Steve, so close, Steve could almost see his own reflection in the dark pools of Tony’s eyes.  “Many of which have to do with the necessary ritual to relinquish the Claim.  Mostly, though, because if I don’t, I’ll never let you go.  I’ll keep you here, with me, always with me,” he added, his voice soft and low, like a honeyed whisper. “Even now, I want to.  Do you feel it?   I know you do,” he said, reaching out and stroking a long finger over Steve’s neck where the blood pulsed just under his skin and seemed to leap at Tony’s touch.
“Nothing. Right now, at least. But, truthfully, it won’t take long. Someone inside the police or Stern’s office is going to leak it,” Tony told him resignedly. “They’re going to be horrible. They’ll find out about your work. Anything you’ve done in your life that remotely looks bad. They’ll take it and turn it into something sordid because you’re connected with me now. They'll try to destroy you.  I’m sorry,” Tony said truthfully as Steve’s face paled. “Look, I know this is all probably seeming insane to you about now, and you’re thinking about bolting the first chance you get. And if you want to walk back in there and tell the police the truth, you can. I’m not going to stop you. But I do owe you a reason for asking you to help me.”
“Oh.  Ohhhhhh….Well, Steve…its so nice to finally meet you,” she said, and it felt genuine.  “I’m Pepper Potts, SI’s CEO.  Tony has been ignoring my attempts to get these papers signed all week, so I thought I’d come by and withhold caffeine until he caved, but I see he beat me to it this morning.”  There was a small, fond smile playing about her lips.
He stopped when he got to the button at the top of his dress pants.  The music had slowed to just a horn with long, low notes that seemed to dance over the orchestra.  Steve could feel a flush of heat on the back of his neck and down to the small of his back. His heart was pounding in his chest.  He could feel his breath cooling in his chest.
“I don’t—“ Steve started, looking down at his t-shirt and jeans and mentally cataloguing what options existed in his closet that he could beg Natasha to bring. He had that jacket he’d worn to Bucky’s hearing, but he almost laughed out loud when his mind supplied the mental image of him standing next to Tony Stark in tan corduroy with faux suede patches at the elbows and his one good pair of khakis.
“Not true.  I was for parts of the Army thing,” Tony corrected with a grin before he caught himself and gave a quick look to see if Rhodey had noticed, which, of course, he had.  Stupid, annoying observational skills.
Steve wasn’t breathing, and Steve was bleeding, even now, hours since the crash, even with the serum, and none of this could be happening because they’d joked, and Tony had teased, and Steve had made him a bandage and gotten that stupid little fire going somehow, and they’d played twenty questions and Tony hadn’t thought to ask if Steve was dying and they were having the ravioli Steve liked, so none of this could be happening.
Army vet, Tony mentally repeated.  That was…strange.  Didn’t quite fit the narrative his head had conjured up on the limo ride back to the hotel.  Struggling actor, maybe.   Dancer trying to work his way up to one of the casino shows.  Wannabe model.  Someone he could fling money at guilt-free and get what he needed.  Veteran working two jobs…well, it wasn’t really any of his business.
“Yeah, uh. About that. I don’t think that would go well.  That’s ah…probably not a good idea right now, fair warning,” Tony responded, trying to take deep breaths, and hey, when had he turned around to face the glass?  And where had that crack in the glass come from?  Really, this place was a minefield.  It definitely wasn’t safe here.  What they needed was—“Hey, JARVIS, find me an island, would you?   Something nice, but remote.  Tropical.  Warm. That would be great.”  He was brilliant, really.
Steve nodded.  “I am sure. Tony.  I will be fine, and you will stay.”  He smiled softly, glancing quickly at Tony, then away again.
That was when a low, whining sound filled Steve’s ears a second before a flash of light erupted in front of him and Brock… Brock just sort of flew backwards and into the wall behind the stairs, slumping down right next to a box of old magazines someone had left out.  There were shouts from below, followed by the same noise and burst of light, and then Rollins was thrown down to the tiled floor vestibule, where he slid all the way into the door and rattled it in its frame.  Mitchell and Griffin looked on in horror, then turned to look up at where Steve and Tony stood on the steps.
“Jet Propulsion Laboratory. I’m going to blow things up. But, you know, for science,” Rhodey responded with a grin.
“Copious amounts,” Steve assured him with a relieved huff of laughter.  “Thanks.  Again.  For this.  For being cool about it. I really, really appreciate it.”
“It’s the same argument, over and over, and we always end up at the same place! It’s far more complicated than you allow, and yet you keep this as a wall between us, and I just…” he trailed off, shaking his head and staring at Steve with a frustrated grimace.
“Care to share with the rest of the class?” Tony asked, somewhat bemusedly as he looked up at Steve from the glow of the pool.
“Just you,” Steve said with a slight frown, tugging lightly at Tony’s hand.  “Just you is…God, Tony, you have no idea, do you?  Guess that’s on me, then.  To make sure you know.”
“I seem to remember that,” Tony said, his voice warm and teasing.  “You promised me something else, too.”
“You’ll let Fury know,” Steve said.  It wasn’t a question.  She would.  A box would be checked somewhere.  The next mission would be waiting in his electronic mail box.  It looked like a mail box on the phone Coulson had given him.  He’d thought it was neat, until he saw Rumlow’s phone and realized the tiny red and blue post box was only on his, something Coulson had done in an effort to make it easier, Steve supposed.
“Good,” Tony soothed.  “You’re doing so good.  Almost ready.  A little bit more.”  Steve moaned, pushed a burst of air out of his chest and sagged into the bed, loose-limbed and shaking, while his cock strained and pulsed with the rhythm of Tony’s hand.
“I know.  It’s just, I’d never really felt like how people see me, like I’m nothing, until right then, you know? Right there, on the floor, scrambling to get all of Hammer’s money and get out, I think that was when it just sort of hit me, that—that I was this person now, not just to them, but to
Steve raised an eyebrow and looked down at his Rubik’s cube of a paper that just somehow went all Jackson Pollack on him.
“You mentioned there was a payment to Mr. Rogers upon the dissolution of your marriage?” Mitch asked.
That, it turned out, was an understatement.  The Skywalk was dizzyingly high with a clear bottom that gave an unimpeded view of the canyon beneath, but for the moment, Steve couldn’t pay attention to any of that because the sun was setting over the canyon, and it really might be the best view in the entire world.  His fingers itched to sketch it, and he tried to memorize the colors as best he could, but he didn’t think he would ever be able to really capture the real thing.  Probably no one could.  It felt like the world was awash in color and light for a single, bright, shining moment.  Standing on the curved Skywalk, it felt like he was a part of it somehow. He turned a bit, and caught Tony watching the sunset from behind his sunglasses, wearing the same awestruck look that Steve was sure was on his own face.
Tony thumbed through a rack of gauzy shirts, florals and pastels that had been attacked by a Bedazzler and lost after a valiant effort.  He pulled out a shirt in a clingy material that had a sheer panel down the middle and held it up to his chest.
He chanced a glance at his companion, who was quietly tapping away on one of those tablet things, the blue glow of the screen illuminating sharp features, full lips and hair that was trying desperately to curl.  Definitely an improvement in the looks department, Steve acknowledged.  Though that would probably not count for much if they got to his house and he opened his Dungeon of Mystery.  Jesus.  He was going to have some kind of anxiety attack and completely freak the guy out, get fired from a job he never wanted and still have absolutely no idea what to do about the money situation.
This is set in "present day" in VaguelyMedievalishLandVille. Please do not point out "historical inaccuracies".
Cam grinned in return, clearly delighted at the idea, though Steve privately thought this was about as far from squiring as one could get.  Still, he saw no reason to dampen the boy’s enthusiasm.  Steve looked his reflection over one last time.  He barely recognized the figure staring back at him, half nude and decorated to tantalize. The material brushed across his cock like a light caress when he moved.  He would be half-hard by the time he reached Tony’s chambers, most likely.  He assumed it had been designed that way.  It was sheer enough and fine enough that little was left to the imagination, and he supposed that was the point, too.  Tony would see him like this and know that this was something Steve had done for him, and that would please him, Steve knew, not just because he liked how Steve looked, but because Tony liked the idea of Steve wanting to please him.
“Speaking of food, why don’t we head to the dining room?  I’m sure Jarvis is ready to serve the first course by now,” Maria suggested when no one else seemed to want to remark on their travel plans.
“Thank you,” Steve said. Without thinking, he turned and braced his arms on either side of Tony’s head, leaned down and placed a kiss to Tony’s brow.  He felt Tony tense, almost as if in surprise, then go languid under him as he pulled back and gazed down.  Tony’s eyes were wide, clear, his mouth parted in a silent gasp.
Steve opened and shut his mouth, no sound coming out.  He felt his chest constrict, all the air leaving his lungs.    Steve blinked stupidly, staring at Tony in confusion.  He had no idea what was going on.  For the first time since their very first encounter, it occurred to Steve that he should leave.  Have JARVIS get Happy to bring the car around.
“Right, sure.  Great.  That’s great.  To hear, I mean.  Ah…” Tony stumbled over words, not sure what he should do.  He should do something, obviously, something to make sure Steve was okay and happy because clearly the object here was to never do anything except this ever, ever again.  Ever.   He wiped his hand on his jeans, where they still pooled around his thighs, and brought both hands up to rub Steve’s back up and down in soft, soothing motions.  He wasn’t sure how long he did that, but eventually he felt Steve relax beneath him, whatever tension that had still existed ebbing out, leaving Steve’s body languid and soft.  He contented himself with gently kneading the muscles of Steve’s back and shoulders, feeling the , occasionally placing light kisses in the path his hands had taken.  He heard Steve let out a soft sigh and low hum of pleasure, beneath him, so he figured he must be doing something right.
“That’d be great, Tony,” Steve replied.  “Meet you at the exit, okay?  Get me some of those little sandwiches, would you?  And one of those chocolate boat things, if there are any left.”
jelly, because you’re a heathen.  Coffee for me,” Tony ticked off his list.  “Come on. Don’t want to be late.  Chop-chop.  Daylight’s a’wasting.  Or still coming. Whatever. God, what time is it?”
“Shut the fuck up!” Rumlow shouted through gritted teeth as he edged away, his eyes wary.  He had shifted into a fighting stance. Steve almost hoped he would be that stupid.  “Cap, listen to me, you need to calm down. Cal was being a dick, and he’s sorry.  Aren’t you, Cal?  See?  He’s really, really sorry.”
Bucky and Nat could do with some help, too, though he figured they were too proud to take it.  And Bucky’s parents...Steve still owed them so much for how much they helped after his mom died, not that they would ever suggest there was any kind of debt to be repaid there.  With that kind of money, he could pay off their mortgage. Maybe even send them on that trip to Florida that Mrs. Buchanan had been talking about for years.  He could help Wanda get her brother’s Visa.  Send something nice to Clint and Laura when the baby was born instead of another stupid painting for the nursery, though he appreciated they always hung up the ones he sent the kids, even if they weren’t that good. Of course, if any of them knew how he got the money…
“Fine. The tie.  I don’t wear it--because—because I’m supposed to—when I’m out in public—I’m supposed to be—to look a certain way,” Tony sputtered.  “I represent the company, and we don’t—Starks, we don’t—it wouldn’t be something I’d wear out, okay?  It’s just a stupid tie.”
“Cam is worried he will be spirited away,” Steve said, stretching.  He caught Tony’s eyes watching him as he did, a smile playing on his lips that Steve returned even as a yawn wiped it away.
Seriously, Steve could've at least DVR'd Bob Ross or something. Put out a few of those coffee table books people used to seem cultured, but never really read. How was he supposed to know his Alpha liked art? He was probably going to have to spend the next sixty years gushing over landscapes, God help him. Beautiful trees, Steve, dear. Yes, they look just like the ones literally right outside the fucking window.
“Well.  Technically, the pole stars will change over time due to precession.  The gravitational pull of the sun and moon working on the rotation of the Earth on its axis,” Tony said, turning on the bench to face Steve.  “So, Polaris wasn’t always the North Star, and, eventually, it’ll be Vega.”
He had wanted it, in some abstract way.  Not in any real sense of want where there was the expectation of every having, which, yeah, it wasn’t like he didn’t see the metaphor there, Tony thought, glancing over at Steve.  He had wanted to drive.  A car was a pipe dream, but did he want it?  Desperately.  Just…not like this, Tony thought, keeping his eyes on the road.  He hadn’t realized it was going to be an exchange.  One he very much didn’t want to make.
“I…hate him?” Tony said, looking helplessly between Rhodey and Pepper as the young man disappeared into the hallway, where it seemed the entire building had decided to gather.
Tony just stared at her numbly, then his eyes went back to Steve laying on the table, not moving.  One hand hung limply over the side and there was blood dripping from it, a slow,  thin stream of red running onto the floor of the jet.
“I believe we were just referring to a time when you willingly offered everything you had to give in order to protect him,” Tony reminded him quietly.
, he thought, struggling to explain what had driven him from Tony’s bedchamber the night before last without giving away the true cause of his disquiet.  He wasn’t even sure if he understood it fully himself. It was all a hazy, disjointed mess in his head when he tried to think of it. Even now, he could taste the panic, like ash and blood in his mouth, and if he closed his eyes and tried to think about it for too long, all he could see in his mind was a map with a path through the mountains.  “Leaving behind what I guess I’d become used to, I don’t know. I didn’t mean to cause a problem. I never thought about running into someone else. I don’t know, I didn’t think. Couldn’t. It was like it was all too jumbled in my head and then it just…spilled over.”
Well, sans Tony, who was still apparently resting in his workshop, though he came out eventually. Steve found him standing at the kitchen counter the next morning nursing an enormous cup of coffee and picking at a bagel, which Steve swiped, earning a sputter of protest that melted into a lopsided smile when Steve replaced it with the box of donuts he’d stopped to pick up on his way back from his run.
“They are bat crap crazy.” Tony affirmed. “Doesn’t mean they weren’t onto something big and dangerous.”
Steve resolutely ignored her, he could feel his attention straining to look upon her visage. He was afraid if he gave her any of his conscious attention he would give in and accept that he was meant to be here now…
He needed to go find Tony. He looked down at what he was wearing. Only a hospital gown. Pants first, then Tony.
After thinking it over he came to the conclusion that Steve’s hands were the absolutes safest for it. Then he learned his brother doesn’t have much time. After reading the letter Steve ment to send to his team he decided that it would best be in their hands. Despite his reservation about various members, he trusts his brothers judgment. He left a note on a piece of paper trying his best to quickly explain such a sentiment. He placed the Journal and notes in the box and sealed it. He proceeded to follow Steve’s instructions and prayed to God that he did not make the stupidest mistake of the century.
“I would take care of you,” Steve said, all breathy and awe-filled, the way he always sounded at the idea of Tony’s Heat.  Steve loved his Heats.  Approached them with the same attention to detail he approached a mission, but with far less throwing people through walls.  But, he always acted like Tony was giving him some kind of amazing gift.  Like it was a combination of Christmas, his birthday and…National Blow Job Day or something.  “You would be so beautiful.  So beautiful, Tony.”
“See, you had to make it weird,” Rhodey shot back with a grin.  “Anyway, can’t believe no one asked a brother.  And like you have room to talk. You ever get to use your Abe Froman fake ID?” Rhodey asked.  “The Sausage king of Chicago? God, you thought that was hysterical.”
He did manage to concentrate for at least part of the rest of the morning, working through some of the LIGO data and then on a few ideas for the new drones.  By lunch, he was jittery from a combination of coffee, sugar withdrawal and nerves.  He did the same equation three times with three different results, one of which meant they were already inside a black hole.  So, probably not that one.  After staring at it until his eyes watered, he tossed the pencil aside and shoved his chair away from the workstation hard enough to send him in a slow roll cross the garage floor while U and DUM-E looked on.  Probably hoping he’d catch on fire or something interesting.  Tony brushed his hands down the front of his t-shirt, over the big block letters that spelled out ARMY across his chest.  He really had only meant to put the watch on.  The shirt just sort of…happened.  He liked it, though. Wearing something that belonged to Steve. Belonging to Steve.  Whatever.  The image of a dragon on red silk stretching out a claw towards a burning pearl flashed through his head, brilliant with color and a spiking curl of want low in his belly.  Tony tilted his head back and stared at the fluorescent lights hanging from the garage ceiling until his vision blurred, then scrubbed his hands over his face, breathing out a sigh.  I’ll take Clothing As A Metaphor for $200, Alex.  Obviously, work was a no-go.
“So, like I said, handling this well, I think,” Tony started. “I mean, overall. One tiny issue that hardly bears mentioning, so we just won’t. Mention it. Ever. But all in all—“
“Would you believe it just honestly never entered my mind that you would be interested in me like that?  That I’m really good with machines and numbers and an absolute fuck-up with people I care about?  And you’re the most dangerous sort, Rogers.  You’re the kind that can hurt.  The one I can’t come back from,” Tony admitted quietly.  “I know I messed up.  I was trying…Loki’s spell, it was like I got a second chance.  To get it right.  I was going to tell you, I was, I swear.  I just, in case you didn’t…I mean, you’d called it off, and you were dating already, or I thought you were, and I…I…well.  Truth is,” he said, clearing his throat and watching Steve’s gaze flick over him, before sliding away again.  “Truth is, I can’t seem to walk away from you.  Or let you walk away from me without a fight.  I’m not saying I was right, but dammit, Steve, you could’ve been a little more upfront about things.  A
Coulson was waiting for him when he walked out of the room, and he figured by the man’s expression that he knew what the doctor had given Tony, though he just asked if Tony was all done in a clipped tone, and started walking towards the elevator when Tony nodded.
“Sure, but in a Doc Brown sort of way, right?” Tony grinned.  “Check and see if Hot Roof Guy is back, would you?”
“Steve. These hopes and dreams…this future you credit me with seeing…who do you think fills those?” Tony asked quietly, rasping around the words and making Steve think of stone against steel, honing an edge to the kind of sharpness that makes men bleed. “They are yours already. We are not life and death, as if those are two separate things to be parsed. As if you can have one without the other. They are the same loop of thread. That is us, Steve. What is life without love? What is death without hope? Only through one can the other have any meaning. You think I want you to be something you are not, but that is who you have been trying to be the past few months, someone you think I want, not who you are, and it is tearing you apart,” Tony said gently, bringing a hand up to cup Steve’s jaw, thumb stroking lightly along the curve of bone there. “I see it. And it kills me, and I don’t know what to do to make you see that I would have you, just as you are. Not a perfect prince, but a good man. A soldier, who wields a shield. You think you seek the fight? The win? You have only ever sought to protect those who stood in the way of powerful people who would use fear and cruelty to abuse that position because they could. If that is death, it is one born of sacrifice. And what is that if not hope?”
Steve stared at the blank screen, then let out a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding.  His eyes sank closed.  When he opened them, he was looking at the refrigerator, though he didn’t get up, just ran a hand through his hair and swiped it over his chin, feeling the prickle of the beard there, still so strange under his fingers.
Tony made a noise of disagreement, but let it go.  “Hidden depths,” Tony replied agreeably.  “Dumbest thing you’ve ever done. Don’t say fake marry a billionaire. Go.”
“Artistic license, huh?  Sounds like a fancy way of saying that ‘I am an artist, I paint the truth,’ crap,” Tony replied.
Unfortunately, no one in this time knew how to put it together, except Howard, and Howard…Steve sighed.  I’m always too late, he thought with a sharp twist to his gut, like it was somehow a part of his destiny to have everything he wanted just out of reach.  He looked over at Peggy. She was leaning back against the backseat of the car, smoothing her skirt down as they pulled up next to the mansion’s steps. Always a little too late, he thought again, though it didn’t hurt this time.  He almost wished it still did.
Steve was shaking his head, helpless dread flooding through him.  God, he had screwed this whole thing up somehow.  And now, apparently, ruined Tony’s life, too, like he was some kind of virus that destroyed everything he touched.
Tony’s tongue swiped into Steve’s mouth, sliding along Steve’s own.  Steve heard a groan fill his ears, and realized he had somehow gotten his hand under Tony’s shirt to find the soft, smooth curve of his hip, like they were a couple of teenagers making out in the back of their parent’s Olds, all tongue and teeth and hands.  He was giddy with it. Touching Tony was electric. He felt so good, his skin against Steve’s hand, his mouth, even the hard circle that pressed into Steve’s chest. It was somehow deeply intimate, even though they were barely touching, just this closeness, the ease of it, the way he could just sink into Tony and it felt like coming home after some kind of long journey.
“Great. That’s…something I’ll now be thinking about all night, thanks,” Tony muttered as he laid a few more hamburger patties on the grill.  “I’ll think of something.”
“Bruce shares some of your wildly inaccurate thoughts about the way of the world,” Tony told Steve with a side-eyed look.
The creature stared at him for a moment, then lazily lifted one of its tentacles out of the water.  The tip was wrapped around a silver cup, a rather nice one, too, Steve noticed, all engraved and finely wrought, which it tossed onto the shore at Steve’s feet.  Steve bent down and picked it up, turning the cup over in his hand.
“Acid. For. Blood,” Tony reminded him with an exasperated snort.  “It’s going to melt through whatever you use for a shield. Did you not even watch the movies?  It drips through like five decks on the Nostromo, for Christ’s sake!  Face it, you’d be toast.  Whereas, I,” Tony continued, waving his hand with a flourish and giving a firm nod.  “Will use my, well, probably at least Class 5 rating--no offense to Ripley, Class 2 is nothing to be ashamed of--and put that P-5000 loader to good use, saving your ass.”
Tony chased after his lips, bringing a hand around the back of Steve’s head to hold him there, deepening the kiss. As much as he enjoyed the usual frantic energy that seemed stitched inside Tony by the barest of threads, he loved seeing Tony like this, soft and almost pliant. It felt as if he were being given some rare gift, having Tony this way, just for him. Steve drew his mouth back long enough to look down at Tony again. “I love you,” Steve whispered huskily. “I am home.” It was a truth and a vow, he supposed, and could tell by the way Tony’s eyes lit up that Tony knew it for what it was.
“Here,” Steve cut in. He was holding a lighter in one hand and a yellow, spiraled candle in the other.  “I was going to…this morning, for your birthday.  Thought I’d put it in a biscuit or something.  That was stupid, I don’t know why I thought that.  I should’ve gotten a cake or, well.  Things got off track, though.  So.  This okay?  Not much of a party, I know…” Steve trailed off, looking around the garage where DUM-E and U hummed and clicked, rolling around happily between Steve and Tony.  “Probably not what you’re used to for your birthday, huh?”
“I’m sorry,” Tony breathed out into the curve of Steve’s neck. “I’m sorry I’m like this.  I don’t know what’s wrong with me.”
“Well, other than picking me because of my stellar non-verbal communication skills, you have to have something in mind for SI, right?” Tony prodded.  “When Howard—Dad—retires or, I don’t know, loses the ability to speak in a tragic autoerotic asphyxiation experiment gone wildly, karmically wrong.”
Steve wasn’t sure what to feel about the marks and everything that had culminated in them.  He had no measure of comparison.  It had been a long time since Mr. Sullivan took a switch to Steve’s hide for cutting through his field, telling him he could take the ones meant for Bucky, too, since Bucky had been too fast for the old man to catch, and that had certainly felt very, very different from what Tony had done.
Tony caught his hand before he could touch.  “It’s fine.  Really.  I was injured during the attack on the convoy.  One of the other prisoners, a man named Yinsen, saved me with…well, a very unconventional surgery.  I…improved it.  Then I was rescued.”  Steve was confused, until Tony brought his hand to rest squarely on the center of Tony’s chest.  It felt…odd.  And Steve realized that the flesh wasn’t really flesh.  It was a prosthesis.  Like you would see covering a fake hand or new leg for a soldier.  Just perfectly round and sitting in the center of Tony’s chest.  He heard Tony take a deep breath and then watched as he brought up his other hand to remove the covering.  Underneath, a strange blue light emanated, filling the space between them, and Steve could see something…something…working inside.
“Hey, look at that.  First cover for doing something respectable,” Tony pointed out, holding his hands up in the air.
The fish tank was the only bright thing in the room.  Everything else was shadowed in a soft, dim glow.  He wondered if Coulson had said something.  Steve didn’t look at it.  The tank.  He could hear it, of course, the gurgling susurration as the water processed through the filter, soft and churning.
“It’s a long Journey,” Steve warned, rolling over on the furs and pulling Tony with him so he ended up sprawled on top of Steve.  “It won’t be easy. If you want to stop, there are always tribes along the River. We could stay with them for as long as you want.”
“There you go.  There you go, Steve, good.  You’re almost there.  Good God, you’re glorious. Look at you. Going to come on my cock for me. Fuck, you’re beautiful,” Tony breathed out, rubbing his hands over Steve’s thighs and watching with an expression of almost awe as Steve worked his hips harder, faster, clenching his muscles as he slid down Tony’s length and earning another string of curses and nonsense words.
“I got no idea, Tone-Loc,” Rhodey replied with a sigh that carried through the phone. “Well, okay, I got ideas. Bunches of them. But, I don't know, man. All I'm saying is, something's off here. Barnes, sure, he's gonna have his guy's back. I get that. But, Nat? Thor? And then there's Steve, all moon-eyes over you the whole time you're there?”
“Thanks,” Tony muttered under his breath and darted across the hall to his room.  He closed the door carefully behind him, so it definitely didn’t seem like a slam, which would have ruined the last claim to nonchalance he had.  Yes.  Closing the door carefully is really the line of demarcation as far as utter humiliation goes.
said you couldn’t live like this and asked me to cough on you,” Rhodey reminded him.  He hefted the binoculars again and turned around, scanning the city. “Huh,” he said after a moment.
. The thought was dull and whittled down, but real. I just have to do better, he thought with a sigh.  Give him time.  Court him properly, like I should have, and then...then maybe.  Maybe Tony would--would
“Jesus, Steve, I don’t even know what to do with that,” Tony huffed out.  “I’m going to need time. A
“I’ll hum,” Steve said as he walked back out with three bags in one hand and the swing in the other.  “What?  She likes the swing.” He shot Tony a smile, and got the rest loaded, clearly using some kind of interdimensional space in the back of the SUV to get it all to fit.
“My card?” Tony asked, then let his gaze slide over to Steve, who was leaning back in his seat, arms wrapped around his backpack, giving Tony a knowing look.
“Yeah?” Tony asked. His voice shook more than he wanted it to, but he’d gotten his leg to stop tapping, and his hands to stop moving, so he supposed that was progress.
“I know you don’t.  I know.  I know, I do.  It’s just you’re here. Why are you here? Why? Why did you come back? Why, if you—if you—” Tony stopped, clamping his mouth shut and letting his eyes shutter for a moment.  “You shouldn’t have come back.”
Steve slowed on the steps and put a hand out against the smooth stone of the wall next to him.  Married.  He should feel different. Changed, somehow.  Shouldn’t he?  Instead, he felt…distant.  Cold.
“No,” Tony said sharply.  Steve paused, mid-motion, and looked up.  “Hold it.  Like that.  Just like that.”
“Truth is…truth is, I have been wanting to get this big, gorgeous cock of yours in me since I saw you up on stage,” Tony replied.
“Next time, we order two pounds and just dump them in there, I say,” Steve grinned. He tugged a bit at his rod, making the lure jump and slither under the water, but that didn’t seem to improve its appeal.  “I think we caught the only one that hadn't seen a worm on a hook before," he added, holding up their single catch with a rueful smile. "Thanks for doing this, Tony. I know this isn’t what you wanted.”
Now, for a word of warning:  Though not graphic, this chapter contains references to what we would consider past child abuse(though it isn't, unfortunately, considered such in this 'verse), and the effects it has on Tony's though processes. Please be kind to yourselves and read accordingly.
“It was a life study,” Steve said, shoving his hands resolutely in his pockets and not looking at Tony, a crooked smile that was part grimace on his face.
Home, where he would do what he was supposed to do, the dutiful, prodigal son, wanting to please the only person who was pretty much required to love him. He wanted Howard's love so badly, the man had been dead years and Tony was still trying to please him. How long had he let that clean energy idea sit in his computer files, reviled and ignored, but not quite deleted, like the Internet Explorer of his work projects? Years. Years of not wanting to touch it because the person who thought of it didn't exist anymore, or so he'd believed.
“You get that car of yours in a pickle on your first trip?” Happy asked as Tony and Steve exited the SUV and headed for the deck.
“Yay. Go me.  Excellent sitting,” Tony mumbled to himself.  Being off the floor honestly did feel like a major life accomplishment at this point.  What else had he done, after all?  Not much.  Good grades, sure.  A few well-received projects.  Ty said they could maybe co-author a paper once Tony got his PhD, and Ty finished the paper he was working on at the moment.  That would be fun.  He’d already been helping Ty a bit with his current project, so Tony thought they might actually work well together.  Could be neat. Co-authoring a paper with his…whatever Ty was.  Boyfriend was such a pedestrian term.  Ty didn’t like to use it.  They were more than that.  On a different level.  Two brilliant minds, shaping the future.  He wondered what their paper would be about.  Something important, obviously.  Something beyond anything anyone had ever seen. That was what Ty said, anyway, though he didn’t really offer a whole lot of specifics and seemed to think Tony’s ideas were “passé.”
“Yeah,” Steve admitted.  Well, they were back to him being the one making an idiot out of himself.  That took all of ten seconds.  Could be a personal best, he though drolly.  He rubbed his hands up and down over his thighs, smoothing out the nonexistent wrinkles in the suit, wishing he had something better to do with his hands.   Mercedes-Pullman limousine.  Rolls Royce Phantom, his mind supplied.  He would have to write those down later.  “Sorry about that.   I know what Ms. Potts said about not saying anything.  I just—I thought if we gave them something, I don’t know.  Maybe it would help.  With this…whole thing,” Steve rushed out in one long breath.
“I’m not…too good for you,” Steve managed to rasp out when he could finally get any part of himself other than his dick to cooperate.  He wound his hands behind Kirk’s back and up over the smooth skin and knobs of Kirk’s spine, skin he’d painted, lines he’d drawn, etched in his head now, but feeling the real thing, getting to touch, he didn’t think he’d ever be able to capture Kirk’s likeness, not really.  Just some shadow of it.  “You’re amazing.”
“It is,” Tony replied, pride echoing in his voice. “What say you, Rhodey? A couple of these with a battalion and the battle will be over before it begins.”
It went on like that.  Steve wasn’t sure for how long.  It seemed a long while.  The fire was burning low and the candle on the table had dripped long rivulets of wax down the sides in slowly drying puddles.   His legs were starting to ache from kneeling, though, admittedly, the pillow helped.  Steve remembered Zola’s words to Hammer about the King sometimes failing to leave his projects long enough to notice the concubines Zola provided and wondered if he had been forgotten or if the King had simply lost interest.
Thank you so much for reading, commenting and kudo-ing. Makes my little stony heart so happy!  Next chapter is half written.  It is mostly porn, lol.  Enjoy!
“Sounds good, Tony,” Steve replied, ducking his head a bit and looking at where Happy waited for Tony with the car.  “See you then.”  Should he kiss him?  It was probably too soon.  Better to wait.  But what if Steve was expecting him to kiss him?  He’d initiated it last time.  Steve hadn’t exactly reacted well, though, so there was that.  He didn’t want to push it, move too fast, try for more and end up with less than nothing, but if Steve did expect it and then he didn’t, well, maybe he should---
So, they did.  Or, Steve thought maybe they did.  It was a little hard to tell with Tony, particularly when he jumped at every problem like it was held on a string above his head.  A few hours and several plates of wings and nachos later, Ms. Potts had hastily scribbled lists of broad goals for the organization, each with a few more specific bullet points underneath.   It wasn’t much, at least on paper, but it was a start, and just that much felt like something amazing after all these months of feeling like they had been beating their heads against a brick wall of bureaucracy.  They were
Tony did. Bonding with Captain America would be quite the coup for anyone, particularly someone as ambitious as Ross. Hell, he’d end up in the Presidency, for fuck’s sake.  Tony could try to explain things to him.  Help him reintegrate a bit, figure things out.  Least he could do, really. For America, of course.
“Robot, huh?  Pretty neat, pretty neat,” Stane said with a nod, looking down at Tony with his hands splayed wide on his hips.  “Forget Boeing or GE.  It’s this one that’s gonna leave you in the dust Howard, you watch,” Stane laughed, clapping his hands together and pointing his finger down at Tony.  He pulled a cigar out of the pocket of his suitcoat and stuck it in his mouth, flicking the lighter open with one hand.  “What’s your robot do, eh, kiddo?”
Especially when talking over Deutsch's problem with Nebula and explaining to her how the guy just basically modified a fundamental principle of quantum mechanics on Earth, he looks at the other side of the sofa to catch Steve’s eyes. Steve is just there, smiling and talking with others but he also pauses for a second when he feels Tony’s gaze. Well, his eyes smile and sparkle because Tony can’t see his lips. They’re hidden behind his index finger as Steve strokes his growing beard. His hair is growing long too but he looks good. Steve would look good in anything and anyhow, but this new image makes him pass as less polished, rough even, contrasting with the way he speaks, calm and easy, and the way he looks at Tony, warm and soft. And there goes Tony’s train of thoughts.
He suddenly stands up. To Steve’s surprise, he tugs at his shirt, pulling it out of his pants. Tony’s fingers run through the buttons, undoing them quickly and revealing tanned skin. It’s still so strange to see that Tony’s chest is free from the scars of his past when he shrugs off the fabric and tosses it into the sand.
Tony’s smile widens as he says surprisingly calmly, “Maria’s a resourceful woman, so I’m sure she’s going to satisfy your appetite for
Pepper smiles knowingly and then aims below the belt when she evokes, “As far as I recall, only you got a message from Tony, and
“Geez, I could think of a thousand more interesting things to talk about.” Tony rolls his eyes but seeing that Steve just braces himself and crosses his arms, he gives up. “Fine,” he says, more business-like. “I remember the evening at Caesars Palace. Then the journalist, what’s her name? Carlie?”
“Hey, Rogers,” Tony interrupts, rising on his stool to steal the last slice of pepperoni. “You can’t get drunk, right?”
Tony gives him a strained smile and starts to explain, “I saw you standing at the bar after the official part. You were as far from other people as possible, and you looked so crazy worn out. I mean, you kicked ass at that dinner without actually kicking ass. Man, the way you put that petulant conservative senator in his place? Epic.”
Steve’s breath hitches. Suddenly a tip of Tony’s fingers touches the bottom of his lower lip. The sensation of a slightly colder fingertip electrifies him. And Steve freezes. Because it feels familiar. And yet there is also something new in this touch. This touch isn’t hesitant. It isn’t even slightly unsure. Tony
“Captain Rogers!” Tony pretends to be offended. “Watch your language in front of a celestial being.”
“Thank you, Ton—Your Highness,” Stone replied. “Forgive me, I meant no offense.” It was far too smooth and practiced to be a slip of the tongue, Steve thought as his back bristled against the insult.  He saw Rhodes’ jaw tighten and his hand go reflexively to the sword he wore at his side, but he stayed seated and just gave Stone a hard, disapproving look.
“Hey,” Tony called out, drawing the alien’s attention.  He made that humming noise again. “Yeah, yeah,” Tony rasped.  “Got it. You want me to chill. Pepper made me try rain sounds once, but with all the coffee, that honestly just made me need to pee.  So. Ah. Anyway, we, ah, we done here or what? Am I cured? Though, honestly, if that was just a pick up line, I’m kind of fine with it. Probably because of the magic finger whammy thing….yeah, the name needs work, I know.”
“Like what you see, Soldier Boy?” Kirk asked, making Steve jerk his gaze up from where he had apparently been staring at the man’s dick.  “Don’t worry about it.  It’s got a mind of its own.  Feel free to Dirk Diggler the hell out of it.  If I see some tiny Renaissance penis on this thing, we’re going to have words.  You can do my face, by the way. Wow. I didn't even see that one coming.  Second wow. I'm on a roll. I blame you, hot stuff.”
, and…anyway. Best to stick to our agreement, right? Keep it as professional as possible. Less chance of screwing this up that way.”
“I know,” Jarvis replied quietly.  “And I thank you for that.  One day, I shall get you to do things for yourself, and consider that I have truly accomplished something.”
“I’ll just—ah, use my words,” Tony garbled out, his gaze snapping up to where Steve stood in front of the register.  Steve wasn’t looking at him, thank God, but Tony had the fleeting sense that if he’d looked up a second sooner, he would’ve caught Steve watching him, probably wondering what in the hell Tony thought he needed from the Desperate and Horny department.  Great.  Just great.
“Your mom was into the whole royal thing, huh?” Tony prompted.  “Mine, too.  When Princess Diana died, I swear, she went into mourning.   Haven’t seen her that broken up since they stopped selling Tab. We had this Christmas ornament that played that Elton John song, except the battery started dying, and it sounded like Elton was singing in whale.  God, I hated that thing.  We should get twelve of them.  I need it. I’m going on eBay when we get home.”
“I don’t know, Justin, I’m feeling really good about this.  All of it, Danny,” Tony said, pushing the entire pile of chips in front of him towards the center of the table.  Steve couldn’t calculate it, but it had to be upwards of fifty thousand dollars easily. “Come on, baby, hit me one more time,” he told the dealer, who gave him a dubious look.  Probably because there was a jack and a four already showing in front of Tony.
“I do, of course, I do,” Steve insisted, his voice rough and gravelly.  “Not all of it, maybe.  Not yet.  But, I remember you. Iron Man.  You were…” he broke off, reaching out again, his hands shaking as they sometimes did, though he didn’t think it was age to blame this time.  “I loved you.  Can you love another man? I think I did, whether you can or not.  Peggy and Angie, they---but, that’s more natural, isn’t it?  Women being like that with each other.”
“I like him,” Tony said by way of greeting when the phone stopped ringing.  “I may have made him a mixtape.”
“I’m just…”  Tony said numbly, then shook his head and rubbed his hands over his face.  “I’m going to…” he looked over his shoulder, then over at Jarvis, who was shoving his cell phone in his pocket and kneeling down next to Tony’s mother.  Tony swallowed and sucked in a deep breath.  “I’m going to go stick a fork in a light socket and see what happens.”
“Great.  Next time Cap gets all pissed off at me, I’ll just give him something to suck—ah—I’ll just not finish that sentence,” Tony corrected, looking down at Steve.  “Ever.”
“Yeah, work called Sam, since you got the job through the VA thing, and he called your cell, but it’s off, and then he called me, because our Steve emergency phone chart is like that, you ass.  You had me freaking out,” Bucky complained, pointing his phone at Steve in accusation.
There was a light just to the right of the front door to the cabin.  Just a bulb inside a metal cage.  Moths kept flying around it, beating themselves against the glow over and over, no matter how many times it got them nowhere. Tony could relate.  It gave off just enough light that Tony could see Steve’s face.  He was doing that thing again.  That thing where he looked at Tony all soft and slant-eyed, all careful, cautious amazement.
“Got a cousin in Jersey.  We could lay low there while this blows over,” Dominic offered.  He sounded hopeful.  Tony thought this was a great plan, but thought it prudent not to chime in, since the whole thing seemed to hinge on them apparently having mistaken him for someone else. That was the only thing Tony could figure, anyway.  He didn’t know anyone named Cap. Well, okay, technically, Steve had been a Captain in the Army years ago when they first met when Tony visited his base doing the dog-and-pony roadshow thing back when he worked for SI.  But, no one called him Captain anymore, let alone Cap, except maybe Sam, when he was being annoying. Which was always.   Anyway, point being, low rent Harry and Marv here clearly thought he was someone that this Cap person knew, someone very important to him who was not supposed to be harmed, not Tony Stark-Rogers, brilliant and adored science teacher at Midtown High and husband to the owner of Brooklyn’s finest produce delivery company.
“Just an interesting coincidence,” Obie cut in.  “You and this Steve, rekindling the old flame, and then, now, this whole energy thing coming up again.  After we’d already discussed it, and the reasons why it wasn’t a good idea.”
Tony ate quickly while Steve packed and sipped on a mint tea he added a few drops of honey to from his stash instead of the morning tea he used to drink. Had he missed a morning somewhere in the rush to leave the camp? Or mixed it wrong? He didn’t think so, but couldn’t say for certain. Steve would say that the Mother chooses when to bless an Omega with a child, but Tony didn’t think that sounded quite right, not if the medicine could stop it from happening. If he was right, he would start to show soon, and if he wasn’t, he would start the tea again, at least until they reached Steve’s people, Tony told himself firmly.
“Married life agrees with me,” Tony quipped lightly, trying to keep the smile on his face from twisting into something terrible.  He pulled his sunglasses out of his jacket pocket and shoved them on, turning to look out the window at the passersby pointing at the darkened car window while Steve took the place next to him on the seat and Happy slid into the driver’s seat.
The thing was, Steve’s little speech, as off the cuff as it had seemed, had been as much an attempt to divert the paps’ attention from anything to do with Tony as it had been a way out of the situation, and that just made no sense.  Why even bother?  They’d already agreed on Steve’s ridiculously low, well, fee, Tony settled on with a mental shrug.  So what the hell was the grand posturing about?  Tony could still hear it in his head.  The actual speech, sure, but what was under it all was what kept repeating itself ad nauseam.
Tony sighed, pulled a face, and scratched at his head, then nodded a bit and looked up at the alien.
“We know there was no ransom demanded.  Did they want the tech?” someone else shouted. “Is that how you escaped?”
“Well. It is the way of things, I suppose,” Steve replied.  He leaned back against the bed, a sudden uncertainty filling him as Tony’s hands slipped from his shoulders. He should be frightened, shouldn’t he?  He couldn’t muster it. Mostly, he was just tired.  Tired of this body that failed him and this world that demanded so much to live in it.
Tony was so caught up in the technology travesty unfolding outside the room, he nearly jumped when he felt Steve take his hand, his mind stuttering to a halt somewhere around computing the reduction in gross weight and resultant shorter runway takeoff length.
don’t know what we’re dealing with.   Magic on top of the serum?  Who the hell even knows how that is going to work?”
“I don’t care if that twelve pack came with an X-box and a Lara Croft poster, the Funyuns are practically friendship rings, and literally everyone knows that, and I know you know that, because you put one on chain one time and proclaimed it the One Fun Ring, kept calling it your precious, and tried to get Carol to, I don’t know, geek marry you or some shit,” Barnes shot back at Rhodey.  “How did you get her to date you for two years?”
He started to walk away anyway, heading aimlessly toward the direction of the balcony, thinking air would probably be a good thing about now, when the man reached out and touched his jacket sleeve lightly, stopping him.  “Whatever he’s paying you, I’ll double it.  Hell, triple it.  I don't think I'd regret it,” he said, not quite managing to meet Steve’s eyes, but not letting go of his jacket either.
“God, Tony,” Steve mumbled, catching Tony’s hips in his hands and holding him there at just the angle he seemed to always be able to find, hitting that sweet spot deep inside Tony on each thrust. Tony could feel his cock twitch with interest, though his body seemed to be held in a state of suspended animation for the moment, limbs languid, heartbeat steady, eyes wide, and breath coming in soft, little pants that kept time with Steve’s thrusts.
“Yeah, you should really do less of that,” Skinny Steve interrupted, giving Steve a slight eye roll. He rubbed a hand back and forth across Tony’s chest while Conference Room Steve huffed out a breathy laugh.
Goldsmiths, cloth merchants, jewelers, armorers, all manner of fine merchants in rows by their guilds, which Cam helpfully narrated as they passed.  The Gold Row, the Silk Row, the Ruby Row, named for the prized red stone favored by the Starks, Steel Row, Glass Row, and so on and so on.  Steve chose a set of three gold rings set with carnelians, one of them elongated with three stones, from a plump goldsmith who beamed as Cam pointed at him and nodded imperiously.
Tony snorted out a surprised bark of laughter and looked up in time to catch the chagrined expression on Steve’s face. “Sorry,” Steve said again, his mouth tightening as he gripped the now useless coffee mugs. “Bit rusty on the whole host duties thing, I guess. Place is a mess, I know. Still—still trying to get moved in, I s’pose.”
There was a low humming, rushing noise emanating from somewhere, he noticed when his heartbeat finally stopped banging in his ears.  It wasn’t unpleasant, the sound. Not at all. In fact, it was strangely soothing, like sheets of rain or waves, definitely something in the water family, but not that, either, too thick, too undulating for that. The way everything in this room seemed a bit off, a bit wrong, like it was something familiar, but distorted, funhouse mirror-style. It was, quite frankly, really starting to freak him out.
A groan escaped him, rumbling its way from his chest up his throat and into Tony’s mouth like an echo.  Tony broke his mouth away for a moment, muttering a curse, then took Steve’s lips again, hard and forceful this time, all delicacy and technique abandoned, just some amalgam of need, passion and possession.  It was Tony taking and Steve giving, wild, feral hunger and desperate longing.  He could feel it in the grasp of Tony’s hands clutching at him, fingers skating over his back, then lower, to cup his ass and knead the abused flesh until Steve let out a soft cry that Tony captured in his mouth.  His eyelashes were wet. He wasn’t sure if it was from him or Tony, or if it even mattered. He let Tony take what he needed and gloried in giving it to him. This. God, this was what he wanted so very much, to make Tony feel this way, to let Tony make him feel this way, it was beautiful and perfect. A gift, he thought, the word humming through his mind with a pleasant rush of warmth.
“God, Steve, fuck,” Tony ground out, his forehead falling forward to rest on Steve’s shoulder as his rhythm faltered and his pace sped up.  The slap of skin ringing in his ears, the heady musk of sweat and sex, the taste of Tony still on his lips, Tony’s breath coming in sharp, quick pants against his shoulder, the soreness in his hand and ache in his cock, it all rolled together in Steve’s mind, tumbling down a hill, picking up more and more as it went.  Tony pounded into Steve with quick, jerky thrusts that shallowed out, then finally, he groaned and thrust forward hard and deep, bottoming out and hitting that spot deep inside Steve and making Steve’s whole body convulse with pleasure. Tony’s hand wound its way around Steve’s body to find his cock again, gripping it hard and stroking up and down, rolling the chains over it again and again as he slammed into Steve.
“There. Perfect,” Tony observed, clearly pleased. Steve could feel his skin heat under the praise. His eyes burned. Thank you, he wanted to say, as a nearly overwhelming gratitude welled up within him. He made an urgent, needy sort of sound, and Tony’s head tilted to the side. His face softened. “It’s alright, Steve. I know. Shhhhh, there you go now. You’re doing so good for me.”
“Who’s him?  What are you talking about?” Tony demanded.  Some other club or a party, maybe, though Tony took umbrage at the idea that he wouldn’t have noticed Steve.  He hadn’t been that drunk since the 90’s.
“As with many things, the undoing part is a fair bit more complex than the doing,” Tony said, mouth flattening.  He waved a hand idly over the table. “I had to determine exactly when the next cycle would occur, then get you here, and you know what? You’ve been damn stubborn about it.  In all the lore, the human just shows up at their vampire’s call, but you? Oh, no, it took
”Fuck!” Steve spat out the curse and pulled his still-hard cock out of the wreck of a hole. He panted heavily, staring at the red-rimmed hole, then down at his cock. He shook his head and stepped back up, lining his cock up against the waiting hole and shoved himself in. A few more thrusts and still, nothing. His cock throbbed painfully, the low, hot pressure seeming to coil up inside him like a livewire as he rammed himself in and out.
The next morning, Steve woke up to Brock shaking him awake.  “Hey,” Brock said, while Steve blinked up at him and stretched himself awake.
“Pepper says you’re ready,” Tony said as he walked into the suite’s living room, still fiddling with his tie and collar until he finally got the knot right.  Pepper had picked out the burgundy striped Charvet and probably hidden the Ferragamo with the tiny racecars on it that she hated and he loved.  “Really?” Tony asked, holding the tie out in front of him with a frown.
“It—no—I mean, yeah. Yeah, I got in a little over my head, but not—it’s not bad. Not really. Just, we need a few days to work things out. He—ah, Stark and I—we kind of hit it off last night, and we were both pretty plastered, and we---we, ah. We ended up at one of those 24-hour chapel places,” Steve said in a rush, sucking in a breath. The silence on the other end of the phone line seemed to have weight and form, and he was almost compelled to try to fill it with flimsy explanations that he knew Nat could see right through. “I know it was stupid, completely, beyond stupid, right? Me and someone like Stark. Obviously, he knows that, too, but we need a couple of days to deal with the legalities, and there’s press. Of course, I mean, he’s Tony Stark, so they’re going to be all over it. So, um, I need you to not talk about this. To anyone. If they contact you or any of the others at the club, okay? Can you tell everyone? I mean, it’s…it’s probably going to look bad. Him and me. So, just don’t say anything for a bit.”
Tony’s train of thought derailed as he stared, open-mouthed, at the underwear model who opened the door. Well, technically, that occupation was a guess, but if the Calvin Klein fit, then put him on a billboard in Times Square, Tony figured, because holy hell, the guy was gorgeous. Evening was looking up.
Which is how Steve found himself in the Stark Industries Marketing Department, shifting back and forth on his feet, trying not to tap his fingers on the receptionist’s counter in frustration as she completed her phone call.
.  This Tony definitely was, though. No misinterpreting that.  Of course, Tony had probably changed a lot over the years. A lot.  Clearly, Tony had a completely different type by the time Steve met him.  Obviously he did, seeing as how he was with Ms. Potts, as on-again-off-again as that relationship seemed to be.
it didn’t matter.  Steve knew that, he just… kept forgetting for some reason.  Kept having to remind himself why it didn’t matter.  He had Brock.  He was in a committed relationship.  Tony was long gone, and in all likelihood, Steve would never see Tony Stark again in his life, so why was he wasting his time sitting here acting like a maudlin teenager wondering if Tony was
“I think I can handle it,” Coulson replied evenly, eyeing the doctor with a weary sort of look tugging lines onto his face.
Steve slanted his lips across Tony’s mouth and brought a hand up to cup the back of Tony’s head, one hand on Tony’s hip, keeping him still and applying enough pressure to get Tony to angle his mouth just so.  The tip of Steve’s tongue traced the seam of Tony’s mouth.  More pressure at the back of his head, and Tony gasped, a small, surprised wisp of air, his whole body going pliant.  Steve’s tongue swept inside Tony’s mouth, sliding along Tony’s, flicking the tip with the flat of his own, then, delving deep, just for a moment, curling back around Tony’s in a slow, velvety caress before drawing back.
“Fine.  Again?” Tony said, facing Steve.  Steve nodded once, holding himself still and waited, this time letting Tony come at him.  He’d almost forgotten what this felt like, but his body remembered. It was written into his muscles and bones.  Tony rushed at him, sweeping his leg at one of Steve’s while he raised a hand to block the anticipated assault.  It felt, to Steve, that everything had slowed down.  His breathing, his heartrate, the whoosh of air as Tony came at him, it all moved with infinitesimal focus.  And then, it didn’t.  It thrummed through him all at once, lighting him up, and he
“The thief who you claim can squeeze through virtually any opening?” Tony replied around a yawn.  “Your team is strange, you know that, right?”
“I will,” Steve said softly, huffing out a low chuckle as he looked over at Bucky waiting for Nat by the door.
Steve was still clutching his chest, trying to figure out how to convince himself not to choke on the air he kept forcing into dead lungs.  He looked down at his hands, holding them out in front of him. They were young, strong hands.  Free of blemishes and the knots of old age that long ago settled into his bones.  The rest of him was the same.  Young. Strong. He made a fist. Very strong, he corrected. Exhilaration flowed through him. He felt like he could do anything.
“It’s so...incomprehensibly vast.  Makes me feel small, you know? Who knows what we might find out there,” Tony began, glancing up solemnly at Steve.  “Your people, I hope. Your mate. Right? That’s who you’re hoping to find.”
Technically, it wasn’t really snooping if the door was already open, Tony figured, pausing long enough to lean his head against the doorframe and peer inside.  Of course, going into Steve’s room without permission in the first place on day two of his wilderness time out
“Ooooh, he’s a pretty one, isn’t he?  Thought Tony liked them a little rougher around the edges, if you know what I mean,” Hammer said, raising his eyebrows and pulling his mouth into a moue of false distaste.  “He ask you to hold him down, get a little rough?  I hear he likes that.  Or he did when Stone was around. God, those were good times, weren’t they?”
“No.  Governor.  His Dad was at Metz,” Steve said with a small smile, one of the uncomfortable ones that Tony knew by now meant things Steve would only talk about when he got into a certain mood, and then had to say them, like a dam flooding a river, it all just spilling over the edges at once.  “Coulson was already on it, though.  He had a form, I think.”
“Cam!” Tony cautioned, trying for stern but having to cover a laugh.  “Bloodthirsty, isn’t he?” Tony said to Steve.
It was a strange night, Steve told himself.  Strange happenings.  The storm. The stranger. Strange thoughts, all night, sitting over there in his bed, thinking about the War and Peggy and Iron Man--God,
Tony glanced over his shoulder, watching Steve for a moment, then went back to lacing up his breeches and reaching for the boots one of the servants held out for him with a bow.   Tony waved the two off, frowning after them until the doors closed behind them.  “I must attend Court today,” he announced, not looking at Steve.  “Then meetings.  But, I have the afternoon free.  Well, Pepper would say that I don’t, but nevermind that. You’ve been stuck in here too long.  Gives you too much time to think,” he continued, and that did earn Steve a quick, knowing glance. “I thought, perhaps, you might enjoy what you mentioned once.  Sparring.  If you still wish to be humiliated, that is,” he said, turning around now that he was dressed in his finery to face Steve.  “Feel free to bow out,” he offered, waving a hand in the air, then bending to open a velvet-lined box that one of the servants must have brought.  He settled a simple golden circlet dotted with jewels on his head and slid two large, crested rings, one onto each hand, before turning back to Steve.  “I will not judge you for it.  There are always other, far more pleasant, reasons for finding yourself flat on your back.”
“I think you are.  Or, maybe this team of yours is just full of giant, blind idiots,” Steve scoffed with a shake of his head.  “I would bet…if you just opened up a bit, I would bet that you’d see a change.  I can all but promise you that.  Why don’t you at least try?”
“He threatened to go to the press with some… details of, ah… of how I met Steve.  I’m sure you’re well aware of my reputation.  Steve didn’t do anything wrong, of course, but it could be construed the wrong way by someone who wanted to hurt Steve, let’s say, and by the press, who loves to print anything damaging about me, especially now,” Tony informed them.  The way Tony put it, it sounded somehow like Tony had been the one who caused the problem, Steve thought with a grimace, though he was absurdly grateful for Tony’s discretion.  He didn’t like Tony trying to put the whole thing on his own shoulders.  “My lawyers will handle it.  Believe me, I keep them on speed dial.”
Tony gaped at him, mouth opening and closing in his best fish out of water impression while his mind tried to process what it was that Steve was all but saying.  That…that couldn’t be right.  It just…no.  No, that—this was a Steve from years ago.  Lots of things had changed.  Lots of time for things to happen.  So many things could have happened.  Many, many times. With many different people.  Sure.  Obviously, it had, if Steve had been willing to play fuck buddy with Tony.  Guy can change his mind, after all.  Guy can change his whole belief system in a few years’ time.  Guy like Steve, who so clearly just shifts his entire moral compass after a few seasons of Keeping Up With the Kardashians.
“Hey, hey, who said anything about losing anyone?” Steve demanded, pulling back and twisting around enough to bring his hands up to the sides of Tony’s face.
“Hey, stop buying Hammer tech if you don’t want creative commentary via the custom dessert delivery industry,” Tony protested.  “So.  Uh, something came up.  Just thought you should know about it.  Nothing big.  Just.  Some stuff.”
“You disliked the idea of your Alpha with someone else so much that you are reveling in your Alpha’s little demonstration.  Quite a bit more than you want to admit, I’d imagine,” Jarvis replied in a mild, even tone.
“Can’t believe DoD went with Boeing,” Howard snorted derisively.  “There was nothing wrong with our specs.  Nothing.  The test parameters were entirely unrealistic!”
“Sorry,” Steve said quickly, trying to force his mind to think of anything other than the fact that Tony was here, right in front of him, alive and well.  Mostly well, Steve amended. Clearly a few drinks past sobriety. “I was—I got turned around.”
“Oh—oof,” Tony startled, then glanced down as Steve nimbly side-stepped Ty’s prone form and Preston, who was starting to moan and rub at the back of his head in the hallway.  Tony buried his cheek against Steve’s chest and sighed.  This was nice.
“Anyway, yeah, I got his record, and you like that coincidence?  You’re going to love this,” Rhodey said.  “Hot Disapproving Guy was the one who got the intel about your location.   We’d been searching a whole different grid space, but all of a sudden, we get re-routed to nearly right on top of that hidey-hole where they were keeping you.  Just followed the destruction from there, and boom, there you were, all Lawrence of Arabia and shit about it,” Rhodey laughed, a bit of awe and remembered relief creeping into his voice.  “I couldn’t believe it. All those months, and there you were, just strolling through the desert, shooting peace signs at me.”
“Win’s, a win,” Tony argued.  “But see, patience.  Though, God, that makes me think I might actually have to take Barnes’ advice on something,” Tony muttered.
“Hmm? Oh, right,” Steve said with a nod and walked over to jerk the door to Rhodey’s cell open with a sharp, scraping clank.  “Sorry, James.”
“Since now.  Since I have a reason to wait,” Tony responded and reached a hand behind him to knock on the door of 7/11’s favorite customer.  “Yo, Bluto,” Tony called out, turning his head towards the seam in the door of what would be 4A, if anyone had bothered to mark the door.
“Thanks.  I’ll try,” Steve said with a droll twist to the words as he pocketed the safecracking device.
The boy would not go with him, Steve realized with a jolt.  Cam had nothing calling him away from this, and a better life here than anything he had ever known.  If Steve left, he would have to trust Cam’s fate to Tony’s kindness.  He turned back around and looked out at the horizon again.  It left an emptiness in his chest to think about, but, strangely, he had no real fear that Tony would take out any anger on Cam.  Not anymore.  Tony wasn’t like that.  That much, Steve was sure of, though it was one of the few things in this place that he could attest to with any certainty.  It didn’t ensure Cam’s safety, but…perhaps there was another way to do that.
“Subtle conversational pivot there, Tones,” Rhodes observed, mouth flattening, probably to keep from laughing, Steve thought.
, the likes of Hydra’s cannons would shred those walls and your towers, and with so few men garrisoning them, General Rhodes is right, you’d never patch them up before you were overrun,” Steve explained.  “I was thinking, though…a star.  The wall, if it—if it were built more in the shape of a star…”
“Same to you, Brooklyn,” Tony grinned from across the table. The waitress came back and placed a plate with a stack of lightly browned toast in front of them next to a small bowl of jams and butter.
He sighed and scraped a hand over his face, trying to clear his jumbled thoughts. He shouldn’t have stayed.  Nice as it was, he should have left.  Being with Tony like this, it was messing with his head.
“I know.  But, feel free to say that as much as you want,” Tony said, mouth tugging up at the corners.  “What I’m saying is, I think—I think we could do this.  You and me.  We could figure out a way to make a difference and do it the right way. I don’t know how, not right now.  I
problems...maybe the saying was true, and money couldn’t buy happiness, but it sure as hell made being happy a lot easier, Steve thought.
“Okay,” Tony replied, a bit nervously.  He turned to follow Charles, then cast a look over his shoulder at Steve, who had leaned down to hear whatever it was that Ellers—Dave—was saying.
“We don’t,” Steve said flatly, and for the first time, broke eye contact with Rhodey to glance over at Tony, with a soft, glassy gaze.  Tony opened his mouth, then closed it again, realizing he had no idea what to say.
“I’m going to go order some room service and see how drunk I can get before this little shindig of yours gets started,” Bucky said, pushing himself up off the chair.  “Steve…thanks for, you know. For everything. I know, doing what you did, it may not be something you’re ashamed of, but it wasn’t ever what you wanted, and God knows, it wasn’t what I wanted for you.  I’m glad that, ah, you—you know. You and Stark. This whole happiness thing, it’s a good look on you, man. Don’t blow it, okay?”
Wow, thank you all for reading, commenting and kudo-ing.  Glad people seem to be interested in this one!
Eventually, the thrill of a secret rebellion wore off, and he put everything back in its place with significantly less glee than he’d had when he took it out.  It was a bit like opening the big box under the tree and finding a boarding school uniform.   Nothing quite hurt the same way as disappointment.
The walls came tumbling down, indeed, Tony thought with satisfaction as he looked over the design again.  It was beautiful.  It was spectacular.
“I thought you would be in bed,” Steve said.  There was something behind the words, a sort of grudging discomfort maybe, that seemed out of step with the words.
Steve had the decency to look a bit abashed at that.  His mouth twisted into a wry smile before it dropped away, and he nodded slightly, then turned back to the two boys.
.  Steve remembered that.  Five million dollars said it was probably in that box of his, with all his other Tony-related stuff.  That stupid Valentine’s Day card Tony had made, showing off, thinking he was clever, wanting Steve to think he was clever.
“There was that,” Tony mused with a grin.  “It’s easy.  Isn’t it?  I know what you think.  Remembering all those good times, that I’m just trying to recapture some romanticized college fling.  We’re different now. Both of us.  You’re not wrong about that.  But, Steve, some things…some things don’t change.  How I feel about you?  That hasn’t changed And I’m betting it hasn’t changed for you, either.  Not really.  Not where it counts.”
“It’s fine,” Tony said quickly, waving his hand and taking another puff on the pipe as if to diffuse the situation. “Ul-Tarn, I assure you, I thought only to secure a vast area in the most expedient manner possible, not to undermine your authority. I would not want your soldiers stretched too thin, a concern I believe you raised when asking for more weapons?” Tony reminded the Ul, his voice pitched high in question. “But, enough of that. Besides, you have assured me that your rule of the wastes is absolute and you have no rivals that could possibly raise a challenge to you, so as I assume that is still the case,” Tony continued with a pointed look, “do not let these groundless worries plague your mind, dear friend. Once the Chitauri learn of the power of the Jerak’ho, you may find that a few of those will render whatever concerns we share about our enemies to the South to be moot. Now, come, let us enjoy the night and celebrate the long friendship between our peoples.”
? How…unanticipated,” Tony said drolly.   Matt was being cagey as fuck and Barnes was right, he was far too confident, which meant he was up to something.  Probably something he didn’t exactly want Tony to know about.  At least not the details.  Tony suspected the words “plausible deniability” were stamped on the front of Matt’s brain.
“What says he?” Steve asked Yinsen. Yinsen looked somewhat abashed, swallowed nervously, and gave the Omega an almost pleading look, which earned little more than the Omega’s chin jutting out obstinately.
Safe meant having his own thoughts and being able to express them.  Safe meant carte blanche to his own feelings.  Safe meant control of his body.  Safe meant boundaries he got to make for himself.  Safe was permission to be wrong.  Ideas were safe.  His intelligence was safe.  Safe was a tin can phone and a robot drawing.  Safe was a garage and Steve looking away when he typed the door code in.
“Ah!  Yes!” Cam rushed out excitedly and waved to get the baker’s attention.  One of the guards escorted her forward, and Cam dumped a small mountain of coins in her hand, explaining Steve’s request.  She grinned at Steve, a gap-toothed, yellow smile that still managed to take years off and soften her face to something that might have been lovely once, and bowed her head, thanking him effusively as she turned back to the crowd and held her basket open, motioning the children forward.
“Well, he’s dead,” Tony snapped as a heavy silence fell between them.  The words had come out bitter and harsh and not at all what he meant to say, though there was the unmistakable ring of truth to them.  He looked down, chest prickling with embarrassment, though having to fight the urge to say more.  Which was a first on that subject, that's for damn sure, he admitted to himself.
“I’ll listen to you,” Steve replied.  “I’m not saying the rest of the world is going to bend its ear quite so easily, but, you might be surprised.   The military likes things that work.  They have to constantly innovate, because as soon as they put out a new technology, the other guys are figuring out ways to copy it and beat it.  Show them what you can do is better.  Not a little better.  A
“I would be most honored if the Raj’Inama would bestow it,” Stone suggested, his eyes on Tony the whole time.  A rush of gasped whispers greeted his words. “What better reward could there be than a prize from the King’s own?  A favor for my lance, perhaps, so that it might bring me luck?”
“Dinner tonight?  To celebrate, knock on wood.  Do we have wood here?  That…sounded dirtier than I meant,” Tony said with a teasing grin.  “Though…technically, my pre-meeting doesn’t start for another hour, so…”
“Steve,” Tony tried again, though he didn't quite know what he was offering or asking. “I'm not—I'm not mad. Not anymore. I was, okay, sure. Can you blame me?”
He doesn’t love me.  He doesn’t even want me.  The words sprang instantly to the front of his mind, hung there, suspended, waiting to be said.  They were always there, at the ready.  On some kind of feedback loop that managed to be horrible and comforting, if only for the familiarity.  The predictability.  The threshold disappointment he already knew he could handle was reached, so no need to even bother trying to push past it and reach whatever lay beyond.
“I’ll bet,” Tony replied. “So,” Tony began, clearing his throat.  “Army. Lover of art, which you will never mention to Pepper, or I won’t get you back.  Now, Vegas.  Quite the…varied life experiences, there,” Tony tried, struggling for the right, or at least most non-judgmental, words.  He was…curious, he had to admit.  How Steve ended up doing what he was doing.  Not that there was anything wrong with it.  He sure as hell couldn’t talk.  Still, he was…interested.  And they had the evening of enforced togetherness.  Might as well make some effort, particularly given that Steve had some kind of untapped Tony-whispering talents that kept them from becoming more of a spectacle than what was just the norm for an evening out with Tony.
Steve tasted like chocolate and the sweet, honeyed tang of champagne, and something else, deeper and warmer and far more intoxicating.  What part of his mind that was currently working was blaring danger signals in his head, but those hardly seemed worth listening to, not when Steve’s tongue was sliding along the edge of his own, licking into Tony’s mouth, tentative at first, light and teasing, then harder, just the right side of rough, and Tony was lost to anything that wasn’t how good this felt.  Heat pooled low in his belly, making him suddenly all too aware of the rub of his trousers across his half-hard cock.  He wanted more, more friction, more heat, more Steve, just more.  More of all of it.   He felt the weight and heat of Steve’s hands circling his waist, drawing him closer and holding him there, so damned close to what he wanted that he heard himself let out a low, needy groan.
“Unless you want to go, too?   You must get kind of, I don’t know, lonely up here, right?  I know this isn’t exactly the kind of place you were probably expecting,” Steve said, giving Tony a quick look before dropping his eyes to where his scuffed trainers where toeing at the wood planks that lined the floor.  “Probably pretty bored, huh?” Steve asked with a nod at the tablet Tony was clutching to his chest.
Steve sucked in a breath, trying to follow Tony’s logic.  The man was brilliant, but that came with certainty that wasn’t always warranted.  At least not when it came to Steve.  “Tony…this…this was my choice.  There is nothing here that was your fault.  And you did help.  Not just the money, but…well, everything.  You have no idea what just being with you did for me,” Steve said, feeling his chest constrict at Tony’s words.  Of course Tony would find a way to blame himself because Steve’s life managed to land him in a situation without a lot of good options.  And why not?  Tony controlled the universe, right?  At least he seemed to think he should, as evidenced by the whole work/apartment situation.
“Well, if the dead holy man spouting ancient prophecies tells you so,” Tony replied, eyebrows raised.
“Jane will slay them all with her science, have no doubt,” Thor pronounced, placing a light kiss on the top of her head.
“I don’t know what I’m doing,” Tony admitted, pressing his face into Steve’s shoulder so the words came out muffled.  “I know it’s crazy.  I
“When I was a kid, I was alone a lot,” Steve began, staring out at the deepening night. “Ma had to work.  I was too sick to be in school.  Bu—my friend.  He’d come by when he could.  After school or work.  We’d play checkers with bottle caps he found down by the corner store.  Yellows, oranges, greens and whites, those went with the reds.  Purple, blue, silver, those went with the blacks.  I don’t know why.  Cream sodas.  Those had the most colors.  Cards, sometimes.  His deck was missing a couple, but we made up our own rules,” Steve said, mouth tight, then suddenly relaxing into a smile.  “We did that a lot. Made up our own rules.  He’d tell you it was me, dragging him into…whatever it was I got myself into.  He always followed me, though.  Always,” Steve said with a shake of his head.  He dropped his chin to his chest and looked over at Tony.  “I don’t know why.  Guess he felt responsible or—I don’t know.”
“Hey, look, if you didn’t want to hear the stories, you didn’t have to come along,” Tony chided lightly. “You could’ve stayed back at the Castle, all comfortable in your bed while your King rode off to a plague-infested town to find some guy who once tried to kill him.  I’m sure no one would judge you,” Tony assured him with a small smile that Steve wondered if everyone else could tell was strained.  The closer they got to Brookland, the more forced the joviality seemed to be, like Tony was trying to keep everything else at bay until the last possible moment, but cracks had started to form, and they could all feel it, each of them going a little rough at the edges as they grew nearer.
“We were watching for German ski patrols. They were all over the place,” Steve said, keeping up a steady rhythm with his hand twisting and rubbing its way almost idly up and down their cocks.  He gazed up at the ceiling, eyes unfocused for a moment.  It was only after Steve started moving his other hand up and down that Tony realized he had stopped moving his hips and was holding his breath.  He forced himself to let it out in a long hiss of air through his teeth.  “I thought for sure they’d hear him.”
Anthony said. Steve could see him reflected in the glass, sitting in the chair Steve had just vacated.
It probably shouldn’t have surprised Steve that Tony knew about that, though he couldn’t help the slight sting of something like shame that he quickly tamped down.   He had long ago promised himself he wasn’t going to feel badly about what he was doing.  There was nothing wrong with it.  Even if it had been something of a last resort, it was honest money.
Tony blinked.  Read the sentence again.  Checked the name on the top of the letter.  Tried to swallow, but his throat was closed, and he ended up choking out a wet, hacking breath.
Steve took full advantage of the opportunity and slid his tongue inside Tony’s mouth.  Tony blinked rapidly, then let his eyes flutter closed.  Distantly, Tony felt one of Steve’s hands against the small of his back, holding him in place. The other dropped from his jaw, trailing light touches down his neck and arm, making the hairs stand on end, until it twined into Tony’s, fingers flexing as Steve’s tongue plunged deeper.  Tony could feel heat rise from somewhere low in his belly and work its way up his chest.  He didn’t realize he had one hand on Steve’s thigh until he felt the muscles bunch and jump when he tentatively touched the tip of his tongue to Steve’s.
“Please.  Andrew was so excited, I thought he was going to soil himself.  Good Lord,” Sugar scoffed.  “Alphas. Honestly.  Grab you a plate, Tony, honey.  I know you didn’t eat enough down there. No one ever does.”
“Bucky said I married the one person on the planet who was more stubborn than me,” Steve told the bagel before raising his eyes back to Tony.
Steve looked out the helicopter’s window.  The truth was, he understood what Tony was saying all too well.  His medals were neatly stored in a box at Bucky’s with most of the rest of his stuff from his Army days.  He didn’t know how he felt about them. Not ashamed, exactly. They’d done some good things, even if that was sometimes just staving off the bad things.  Tried to do more. But a lot of it...like Stark said, he wasn’t sure a stack of medals was really about doing something worthwhile versus convincing yourself you were doing something worthwhile.  He didn’t really want to think about that right now anymore than he’d wanted to think about it when he got out, which was why all of that was shoved in a box gathering dust and taking up space in Bucky and Nat’s basement storage locker.
“You instructed me to order some appropriate furnishings for Captain Rogers’ quarters, Sir,” JARVIS supplied helpfully. “You were most specific concerning certain requirements, but that kind of custom framework will take a bit of time.  Also, Chihuly cannot make a chandelier that quickly, unfortunately, and yes, I did tell them how the glow would offset the Captain’s golden skin. They were unmoved.”
Ahead of them, a large awning hung over a long, low table sitting atop a spread of rugs. Tufted pillows in bright, rich fabrics lined the sides of the table. A number of guests--mostly Ross’s soldiers, Steve guessed by the look of them--milled about, waiting, Steve assumed, for Tony to arrive. Arrive, he did, a moment later, with Generals Rhodes and Ross in tow, and a large, dark-bearded man dressed in flowing, elaborately decorated robes with a huge sword that appeared more decorative than useful at his waist walking next to him. Behind the group trailed a man and a woman Steve didn’t recognize, flanking an equally well-dressed boy around Cam’s age.
There were fat, wet drops on the letter, one next to his name, one by the sentence inviting him to Campus Preview Weekend, coming up April seventh, it told him in a smear of bolded words.  Coulson was right. That was coming up in, what?  Less than two weeks.  He should get a move on.  Get going.  Get away.
All of this seemed to have started with the Avengers, the talking heads on twenty-four hour news said.  Everything had been fine before superheroes started having intergalactic throwdowns. The world wanted a solution.  Or, if not that, they would settle for their pound of flesh.
“Huh,” Tony grunted after a moment of perusing whatever it was showing up on his tablet.  He looked up at Steve for a brief flash of a moment, something shifting across his face that looked a lot like surprise before he masked it behind a grin.  “He sounds appropriately twitterpated for a newlywed.  That’s what he’s supposed to do.  What’s the problem?”
“I'm caught in a loop in the Matrix,” Tony observed as Happy slid the car next to the curb in front of Steve's building. Again.
“Good,” Tony replied, and wound his hand around Steve’s head pulling his mouth down and placing a gentle, chaste kiss on Steve’s lips.  “Good.”
His mother wound her hands around his arm and tugged him along to her parlor.  It smelled like Chanel, Tony thought as they walked in.  Her sanctuary.  His eyes found the cabinet of his mother’s collectibles and awards for good works on the far wall.   Lifetime achievements, Tony thought.  A series of pastel-painted porcelain flowers.  A hideous peach-colored clock with two flute-playing cherubs on top.  And a large silver plate.  For best tomatoes.  He grinned.  A part of him wanted to flick it off, just for coming full circle.
These were hostile lands, not just because of the conditions themselves, but because of the peoples who tried to claim them. The uneasy truce between the Stark kings and the Uls—who ruled the desert trade routes—kept the Chitauri largely at bay, at least for now, as much as the current Ul made Tony uneasy. Steve wondered just how bad the Chitauri were that Tony was willing to make deals like the one with the current Ul, who Tony very much seemed to distrust, if how he spoke of him in private to Steve was any way to judge.
“I—I just don’t want to mess up, Jarvis,” Tony said, rubbing a hand at the back of his head as he looked back towards the cabin.
“Oh,” Steve repeated, then laughed.  “It’s okay.  I’ve got the pose down.  Just a couple more minutes, and I’ll be done enough for you to go.”
Tony moved lower, his mouth leaving a wet line as he kissed and sucked his way down Steve’s body, stopping at the base of Steve’s throat to lick the divot there, then lower, over his stomach, following the sparse trail of hair down to Steve’s cock.  Steve stilled, watching him, his hands bunching into the soft, red fabric beneath him.  Silk, he thought to himself.  Silk, like the petals of a rose, but softer, like water, running water between his hands, warm and liquid, like blood, like blood, the thought thumped through him as Tony licked a wide stripe down Steve’s cock.
Before, before, before, he sang to himself in his best Jan Brady.  That’s all anyone cares about.  The Tony from before.  He let out a harsh breath and rubbed his head over his forehead.   He wasn’t being fair, he knew.  He didn’t even know what he wanted from Steve, but he wanted something.  Needed it.   And it was pissing him off not to get it, which just made him feel all the worse.  He knew how unreasonable that kind of demand was.  Unreasonable, unfair, impossible.
Steve choked on the drink of water he was taking, and put the glass down carefully, giving Tony a bemused look.
“Well…still,” Tony stammered, dropping his gaze down to the table.  “I know you’re worried about your friend, and that’s a lot.  On you, I mean. Trying to…to make sure he’s okay, and maybe—maybe you don’t do so good taking care of yourself.  I’m only making a suggestion.  Purely hypothetical, obviously, because you said you’re fine, and that’s obviously completely the case,” Tony said quickly when Steve opened his mouth to protest.
“Try to lie down so I can strap you in. We’ll be wheels up as soon as they’re onboard,” Natasha urged, finishing up where she was poking his wound with a hot stick of salt or whatever the fuck she was doing that burned like hell.
“There’s a lot of sugar in these,” Rhodey observed.  “How does he drink these things and stay looking like, you know.  That?” Rhodey asked, nodding up at a picture of Steve and Tony that hung on the wall.
“Mud,” the King repeated with a nod.  “Which is why this,” he continued, holding up a long sheet of metal that had large ridges bisecting it. It attached to another, similar sheet and then another, so the whole piece curved around into almost a circle.  “Is going to go around the wheels, and that gear there, the one that is currently refusing to cooperate, will run it in a continuous loop. Like…a caterpillar’s legs.  One after the other after the other,” the King explained.  “Any other…design issues that you feel the need to bring to my attention? Questions?  Concerns?  Allow me to alleviate them, please.  That
“How long has it been since you had a date?  Nineteen forty-something?” Natasha asked.  “You can’t tell me you’re happy with sleep, eat, punch things, repeat.”
“—not that I have to tell you, obviously,” Estes continued without only a slight tic of his eyes to indicate he’d heard Tony’s response. “Trust me, you are not going to be disappointed.  You really have an eye.  Everyone in the biz knows that, of course. I mean, you’re Tony Stark!  Know how to pick a winner, that’s all I’m saying.”
“They didn’t get those missiles from the local Bagram Fiesta Mart, Steve.  This was a demonstration of a prototype.  Those aren’t even on the market yet.  Supposedly,” Tony said with a grunt.  “Which means some of this, Steve. Some of it’s on me.  You said it yourself.  The company’s mine.  I’ve turned a blind eye to how it’s being run because I want to build my better and brighter toys, not look at spreadsheets, but that’s where they hide this shit, Steve.  In the God-damn paperwork.  How is this not my—“
Taking the steps at a near run, Steve was so focused on just getting out of this place and getting to Tony and somehow figuring out what to say to him, that when he hit the first flight of stairs above the building’s doors, he almost knocked into a man who was coming up the stairs.
“You’re killing me,” Tony said, rolling his eyes.  “On purpose, I see,” he added at Steve’s satisfied smile.  “Fine, have your fun.  Alright, let’s hear it. Come on.  Early life portion of your Wiki page.  Go.”
“Good,” Steve said, glancing over at Tony before going back to studying the view from the car’s window.  “You didn’t need to do that.  Not because of what he said, I mean.  But, thanks.  I guess.  Been awhile since I had my honor defended,” Steve finished, looking over at Tony for a moment with a slight, soft smile that made his eyes crinkle down at the corners before he turned away again.
“I didn’t mean to—sorry,” Tony said quickly, stepping back far enough to put some space between them.  He looked down the road for Happy, mainly to give himself something to concentrate on that wasn’t Steve.
“Hmmm. Well, be that the case, it so happens that the party for whom I’m buying is in need of something different.  Our…patron…is very…particular, I suppose you might say,” the man continued.  “Uninterested in the usual offerings, which is of concern to my buyer who rather relies on his continued patronage.  So, something different happens to be what I’m looking for.”
“Probably not, but I suspect that bit of information is probably going to be shared faster than a Bieber selfie,” Tony replied, tipping his head side to side in a tsking motion.
Also, you should know, because I think it is somewhat fascinating, that in creating the things that Omegas face in this story, I essentially just Google something along the lines of 'stupid laws about women.'  Disturbingly, many of these things are still in place in parts of the world or have only recently been eliminated. That thing about court testimony?   Thanks, Yemen!  Even things like Omegas not being able to have bank accounts...did you know it was the 1970s in the US before they passed a law outlawing discrimination in the granting of credit to unmarried women and stopped requiring that married women have their husbands co-sign for them?  Good times.  So, while some of this may seem like I'm being terrible to Omegas, keep in mind that I am really not that creative.
Everyone sort of went still and quiet, holding their breath while they looked at Barnes, who was alternately glaring at Rhodey and Tony and giving Nat a narrow, side-eyed look.
“That is…entirely a complete coincidence and has nothing whatsoever to do with my name,” Kirk said in a careful, clipped tone that held an undercurrent of abashed amusement.  He’d probably been teased about that his whole life, Steve figured.
“But, if I did not, you would be dead,” the alien pointed out in an annoyingly calm and reasonable-sounding voice.
He stuck out his hand toward Tony, “Hi.  I’m Steve Rogers.  I’m twenty-five, and a part-time art student in New York.  I work odd jobs in between, usually in construction or painting.  About four months ago, I got a phone call that my mother had been hit by a car as she walked across a cross-walk and was in intensive care with something they called a Traumatic Brain Injury.  I took the bus out here and crashed on my best friend’s sofa for a bit while I tried to figure things out.  Turns out, even after insurance, there were a stack of bills to pay off and Mom didn’t have much in the way of savings from her waitress job.  The only ongoing care insurance would cover was in a county hospital for long-term care and when I visited there, I thought I’d rather do just about anything than leave her there to die slowly while I went on with my life.  But I had no idea what to do about it.  My best friend, Bucky, got me a job with the company he works for and I did as many extra shifts as I could, but it wasn’t enough.  Not by a long shot.  I got pretty desperate as the hospital started pressuring me to move her to a long-term facility.  Bucky’s roommate Clint, mentioned an option that he’d used in the past when he was short on cash.  It was one of those ‘seemed like a good idea at the time’ things, but when I met my first client…I panicked.  Then I met this amazing guy at a party and he was wonderful and kind and funny and passionate and so brilliant that I just wanted to stop and listen and just be in his space, even if I had no idea what he was saying.  I didn’t know how to tell him that I wanted him, not his money, but also desperately needed his money.  I kept trying to make that sound right, but couldn’t get there, and then he had this big presentation, and I didn’t want to burden him…so I waited.  Or let myself wait, I don’t know who I was doing that for, him or me.  But then it all went to hell and now I think he blames himself for something that was completely not his fault, that he only made better in so many ways, and I don’t know how to get him to believe that except to tell him how much I love him and hope he believes me.”
“You’re—you’re doing just fine, Tony,” Steve said in a huff of surprise that sounded a bit like joy mingled with a healthy dose of relief.  “Slow down a little, maybe.  Breathe.”
Actually, Bucky would probably have a few choice things to say, which was why Steve hadn’t talked to him for a few weeks, Steve remembered with a grimace.  He vented too much to Bucky about Brock.  That was the problem.  Bucky only heard the problems, not the good things, and that wasn’t fair to Brock. Or Bucky.  He should make it a point to tell Bucky about the good stuff, too, like how Brock...how he...well, how
“I like your shirt,” Steve said instead of an answer.  He reached out a hand and tugged at the hem with two fingers, rubbing it between them.  “Suits you.”
, and it was enough to keep Tony constantly off-balance.  Half the time, he felt like he was trying to decipher an equation by looking at it in a mirror, and everything was going into his brain backwards.
Pepper, bless her, had arranged to have clothes sent over for them before they arrived yesterday, so they changed quickly and packed their clothes from the evening before into the bags.  Steve took a handful of the toiletries, which he swore were for the red-headed security guard at the club. Tony stuffed the two robes into his bag, which the little sign dangling from the hanger assured him he could do for the bargain price of $250 each, and threw in one of the towels for good measure, because reasons, he supposed.  He didn’t want to examine the impulse too closely, or he’d do something truly crazy like have an emotion or three.
“You’re not an idiot, Steve,” Bucky insisted in a quiet, firm voice.  “You’re a good person--best I’ve ever known, to tell you the truth.  You think the best of people, give them second and third chances.  Hell, we probably wouldn’t be friends if you didn’t.  But, you’re human, like the rest of us, and… Steve, this guy, he’s really, really good at getting in your head, okay?  He lies, he manipulates, he uses people until he doesn’t need them anymore.  It’s his M-O.  It was back in the Army, and he just kept right on at it when we got out.”
And here it was.  “He…uh, he hasn’t…he hasn’t wanted me…to come out…um, for a week now,” Steve finished and God, that hurt to say.
“Couldn’t really see much. Some kind of beam of light. Not sure what it was,” Steve replied, and Tony burst out laughing, then quickly moved to cover his mouth. “That’s funny because…?”
“Quit planning. Quit thinking about tactics.  Quit strategizing this.  I mean, dude, really.  Get your mopey ass off my sofa and go home and kiss the man until he makes me  better wings,” Sam said with a grin.
Steve stared at the final file.  Howard’s Lakehouse, 1985. The little arrow hovered over it, a key to Pandora’s final box.  The sudden urge to peel back the chunk of cement and drywall that hid the burner phone behind the refrigerator in the tiny, jagged crevice he’d found that first night he was here.  He longed to hear Tony’s voice, even if it was raised in anger, just to hear him, solid and real and present in the world in a way the flat reflection of Tony in these videos couldn’t be.  He wanted to tell Tony he was sorry.  For what, he wasn’t even sure.  For all of it, he supposed.  For the way Howard had used Steve as a blunt instrument to batter his son.  For the way Peggy still saw the man flying a clandestine mission over enemy territory far after that man had become someone else.  For Stane’s betrayal that came packaged in promises and approval.  For everything between them that they hadn’t done to each other, but that kept pushing them apart, no matter how much they each tried to hold on.
“Do you think he will let me go?  I should very much like to see a mine.  The Deep Illum, they call it. It is the deepest mine in the whole world,” Cam replied, completely unconcerned.  “Mother said spirits live in there and call to people from the center of the world, trying to confuse them so that they get lost.  The King says that is superstitious nonsense.”
He might like Steve a little.  Or, maybe not, not yet, but he might be able to like Steve a little, and that qualified as a revelation, as far as he was concerned.  It had never occurred to him that he might like his Alpha.  Not living in terror seemed the thing to shoot for there.  Liking his Alpha?  So far off the grid, it might as well be a compound in Montana with a shitton of condensed milk and a Unibomber starter kit.
“Understatement, but, basically, yeah,” Tony said.  “But, we—me and Steve—we figured it out.  Took ten years, and I’m…I’m really trying not to think too much about that.  We’re getting back together.  Steve, he’s—he’s great, Obie.  The best.  Army veteran.  Artist.  You’ll like him.”
To be honest he was definitely looking forward to meeting the woman that made Howard want to settle.
A/N: Woot! I'm so close to being finished with the story I can taste it. The story will likely end around chapters 46 or 47. I kinda wanted to stretch it to chapter 50 and leave it off on a solid even number but I don't think there's much more I can really solidly write story wise that isn't just going to be weird filler.
He could not think of anything he did awfully wrong. Was it because he kissed Steve in front of their entire team? No, that seems to childish and petty for it to simply be that. If Steve had a problem with it he would have liked the genius know instantly right then and there…
Wow, Natasha can be ridiculously brutal. His head was swimming. It wasn’t only Natasha though. Bucky crash landing back into his life stirred up a hornets nest in his head and in his heart.
They were quiet for several minutes more. The weight and significance of their plight weighing heavily on their minds.
All at once, things started to add up for Tony. Somehow the Rhododendron found a way to successfully infiltrate highly classified restricted information anywhere and everywhere. It was obvious from the last time Tony encountered this ridiculous pink bunny, that the Rhododendron had found a way to infiltrate his own system. The genius was made painfully aware of the unbearably obvious data breach when that fucker had taken control of his suit, with him inside.
Clint had been trying to reach him, the fuzzys swarmed the jet and took down Natasha. She’s fine but down and out, only just barely able to hold a perimeter over a major highway. Johnny appeared to be slowing down but still active. Ben was making slow progress to the source factory. Clint and Peter were herding the fuzzys into large groups while Ms. Munroe created pockets of anti electrical fields to dispel them.
‘Crap!’ His suit wasn’t built for underwater combat. He had to make it to the surface. Then, unfortunately, Tony noticed a spike in Bucky’s vitals.
“Everyone’s here ‘Big Guy’ you have the floor!” Tony transmitted the visual from his phone to the monitor in the room.
“Because it won’t work on normal humans. If I tried to adjust it on myself I could fry my brain.” Tony stated bluntly.
She still clutched her doll in her arms. How strange, it now seemed to have fiery red hair and a black bodysuit. His eyes rose to her face and he startled. This little girl in front of him hardly looked any different than before, he could clearly make out his own features in her tiny face just as he had before. However, when he looked into her eyes he did not see Peggy's sharp, cunning, chestnut eyes. What he saw instead was that Ellie had the wide, intelligent, chocolate eyes of Tony stark.
Steve smiled fondly before turning the page again to show Tony standing before the aftermath, his clothing still smoldering in places and Dumm-E waving an extinguisher around madly. The next one was Tony staring blankly at a diagram before he had his first cup of coffee. The next one made his heart skip a beat. It was Tony asleep on his lap. He had put so much care and detail into Tony’s relaxed face. He stared at his sketch transfixed for a time.
A well-wisher’s lament, pah! He would have rather blown the place skyhigh. Each time she entered Tony’s personal quarters and left he felt a piece of his already broken heart chip away and die. It just made him want to carry on with his plan all the more.
I know I must be insane even after everything, I still love you. I can’t even remember when it happened. But I’m willing to bet it started the first time we met as unbelievable as that is. Do you remember? That day you were such a pompous jerk, you made me so angry. It may seem stupid and insignificant but I was so numb before that, like a part of me was still frozen. Then you came along with your fancy suit, cocky strut, and superior attitude and made me feel again. Made me come alive again and made me feel like fire after so much ice.
“Suuure, look, I can stay awake for days without needing sleep. You on the other hand could really go for a rest. Unless you want to pass out standing up like two-” He paused and looked at the time. “Three days ago. I’m sure everybody would love to see those pictures.” The soldier smirked.
“Yep, the contacting Thor part of the plan is already in motion. I had already initiated the start up program for the ‘Trans Cosmic Tele Communication Device’ about 40 or so minutes ago, so in a few short hours we should be in contact with Asgard. In the mean time how do you think we should get in touch with Professor Iron Sides?”
Steve chuckled as he knelt to assess her work. At the very least he could tell which feathers were meant to be gold and not simply yellow without her pointing them out. That’s a plus. But he could tell what she meant. They still didn’t quite read “gold.” Steve almost wanted to tell her that it was fine the way it was. For a seven-year-old the drawing was excellent. However, he also knows the value of constructive criticism. Ellie wasn’t fishing for compliments right now, she needed guidance.
Now his own movements were disjointed and sloppy. But the Winter Soldier was no better. Only half of his attacks seem to land. Steve was growing careless. He began dropping his guard before he stopped blocking altogether. He regretted it after the soldier landed a solid hit to his rib cage with his metal arm.
He looked just as disgusting as his attitude. He was short and fat with a plump oily face and even oilier orange hair. He had oozing and scabby blemishes on what flesh was visible through his neon pink zoot suit.
Six long hours later the score ended with Tony 26 to Barnes 22. Oh, and the operation went smoothly, well mostly smoothly. All of the bone anchors, hardware and cybernetics had been implanted perfectly. Tony was immensely pleased with the outcome. Barnes was now with Nat and Barton in recovery. He said that he could profoundly feel the difference.
And so he began to climb.  For a moment he wondered if only he had flying abilities like Thor and Tony or even Sam.  That’d be nice right about now.  Then he wouldn’t have to take the stairs.  He couldn’t help but feel utterly useless if something as stupid as stairs could get in between him and his team.  Ridiculous.
"Indeed." She affirmed. "Your problem, Steven, was that you were constantly living somewhere between the past and present. Unable to go back and unable to move forward. You tore yourself away from my illusion as you knew it was not real and that ultimately it was no way to live. Yet, you spent the last few years of your life here in the present yearning for something that equally does not exist: the past and that wholesome ideal life you pictured for yourself."
It was a new day. A day that was supposed to be bright and sunny; and despite the overwhelming situation an ally was amongst them with useful information. Things were supposed to be looking up.
“We all decided that! We all agreed that in the end it would be for the best. So we kept it all from you. That way we could protect you for as long as we could.”
“Carful Captain, he can read your mind just as easy as it is for us to breath. Now that I think of it he might already know about that
Firstly, there were too many people in the tower and if any realized what his movements equated to they would stop him instantly and it would be game over. He has to play this real carefully now. One mistake could lead him to being strapped into the steel straitjacket that Fury was happy to fashion for him.
"Can I not come to check on you? Hmm? You have come so far in deciphering the clues I have left for you. I daresay the furthest out of all the races I have encountered."
“Sir, Director Fury is on the line.” They all looked at each other and thought the same thing. ‘Oh no. Here we go.’
“Please Stop! He’s innocent!” But his plea fell on deaf ears as they continue to torture his brother.
He felt the machines vibrate beneath his fingertips as the thrusters activated.  He held on tight as the aid bot launched through the tunnel to the outside.
"You are entirely too precious Steven. You have no idea how happy it makes me to know that I will now bear the name shared with my dear friend and given to me by you. Thank you, Steven. I will cherish it always."
“That is until I create a device that will negate your abilities.” The crazy genius said 40% jokingly and 60% seriously.
Steve just nodded along knowing if Tony was serious enough there would be no way he could say no.  Somehow though he didn’t mind.
Growing up Steve spent most of his childhood and a good chunk of his adulthood confined in a hospital or in his sickbed. Barred from going anywhere or doing anything. He spent days on end lying in a bed and that’s how art, books and Bucky became his greatest escapes.
As dawn broke turning the sky all sorts of enchanting colors, Steve knelt down on the side of the road to pick up a wildflower. He gently turned it over between his fingers before giving it a tentative sniff. He was delighted to discover a gentle and sweet aroma hidden beneath its lilac petals. He smiled serenely before turning his attention to the sky to admire its miraculous hues.
“Johnny, what did she say?”  If Steve were sitting down he would literally be on the edge of his seat.
Wanda must have felt it too when she stopped short in the middle of the road and began to look around cautiously. Steve tried to take deep breaths to calm his turbulent nerves. The others took battle ready positions. Their Captain’s anxious countenance did not go unnoticed.
Tony knew he well and truly fucked up somewhere along the line when just before it happened Steve looked up at him with such a multitude of horrible emotions written across his face. He could see it all in his pale eyes, Steve was petrified. The Captain was standing next to the greatest villain the Earth has ever known and he was even more terrified of Tony. It tore him in ways Tony did not know he could be torn.
He absently wondered how he was even capable of still feeling such emotions of grandeur even after everything. Calamity became visible once more and laughed lightly.
He spotted the barn near the back of the property. When he was a kid he thought about going the whole nine yards owning all the typical barn animals he could. Everything from chickens, to goats, cows and horses. But the older he got the more he realized how stupidly stressful that would be. He and Bucky couldn’t even take care of the pigeon they had caught together properly. And he wanted an entire barnyard of animals?
Tony smiled fondly at Steve starting to laugh a little.  Of course if Natasha was dead serious about some like that you better listen up.  “Okay.” He chuckled. “I'll let you slide on this one.”
“You all bring up fair points and I do agree with you to some extent however let me put it this way.” Steve paused and swallowed thickly.
Steve thought for a moment. There was a good chance that if the situation were reversed with any of the others, there was a good chance he would do the same. If Tony were in his place there was definitely a chance he would try to keep the genius locked away to protect him.
With that thought a whole floodgate opened up and he thought of all the ways he loved Tony Stark. Everything from his easy points to love to the worst ones that were so enraging he wished extreme violence upon him. He loved them all. He loved Tony Stark inside and out, through and through.
Now, don’t forget to leave me a review and let me know what you think. All questions, comments and theories welcome.
Steve’s gone! Calamity took him away not two hours ago. This was so stupid. The whole time Tony had been desperately trying to hold on to his rage and anger at Steve so that he didn’t have to face the whole nasty truth of it all.
Tony still stuck in a somewhat state of shock did not know quite what to do, he looked up at Steve for guidance and he gave Tony a subtle encouraging nod.
“What a fascinating question!  I could answer in so many different ways.”  She pondered for a moment.  “I have two reasons why I am here.”  She laughed.
He let Tony go instantly before turning his attention fully on the Captain.  Now that Steve was face to face with him he could see that his arm was a full mechanical prostatic and powerful.  He was wearing black bulletproof body armor and his dark hair was long and wild.  A black mask covered his face.
The Captain smiled knowing that no matter how much an attitude Tony possesses, the man’s heart is still in the right place… most of the time. Tony caught his look just before Steve turned away just as Fury started to speak again.
Peggy gave one last amused glance at the book before handing it back to Steve and announcing that she was going to take a bath and get ready for the day. Steve continued to stare at the mysterious man for a time before a head of golden curls flooded his vision as he was glomped by Ellie.
Then he noticed something peculiar. From the mother's large gnarled beak, foul acrid drool leaked out onto the pavement below. Tony realized with a start that it was caustic, eating through the pavement into the soft earth underneath. The fumes coming off of it was starting to accumulate and corrode the objects nearest it. Cars, streetlights, rubble and even some of the exterior of certain buildings seem to start to melt.
That is if he already hadn’t figured out that they were still in the area due to Bucky’s appearance at the post office. It was truly a matter of time now.
Honestly, the genius has the worst timing. If he had come an hour later Steve might have been cooled off enough.
He removed his own Iron Man helmet before reaching to unlatched Bucky’s. As soon as the helmet was off Barnes began to gulp air greedily. As soon as the identity of the man in the diving suit was revealed the various members of the Avengers gasped in shock.
He did not know whether or not to be enraged or bitterly happy to know Tony had Pepper again. He was so lost and confused and in so much pain.
He smiled brightly at her and she giggled shyly hiding herself behind the drawing. Steve found himself almost equally as shy to respond to her. He immediately cursed himself for acting so nervous around his own daughter.
Steve thought how fitting it would be to go like this. He thought of all the ways he would likely die since finding out he was the keystone. He thought of meeting his end by his own hand, by Calamity, or by attempting to save the world. Somehow Bucky taking his life felt the most comforting. If this was the end he’d be happy and honored that it would be by the hand of his best friend and brother.
"Oh please! You are too full of yourself, Stark!" The Rhododendron shouted from his hiding place. "My encryption is flawless, it is completely unbreakable!" He cackled.
They made their way through the corridor door undisturbed like Jarvis said. The agents and workers of the raft were mostly dealing with the chaos unleashed everywhere else and following false leads. Those who could be spared were likely lying in wait in an attempt to keep Tony from getting to his suit. The others were stuck on a lower sub level with no working elevator to aid them thanks to Jarvis.
“You know Cap, that’s a very sexy technique you got there. Though I’m sure I could give you a few pointers.”
Steve figured she must be a fiery woman to keep those two at bay.  He found out later that it was because of Tony’s constant fusing and intent on trying to take over that got him forcibly removed from the room.
“Either point could be true, it could be one alien easily with the capability of covering large distances in such a small amount of time or could very well be multiple aliens doing this. It is too early to rule anything out.  But if anything, I do hope Tony is right on this one.”  Stated Bruce looking between the two hoping a bitter squabble won’t be started yet again.
“I figured we could use all the help we can get.” Maria said as she gestured to Jane. Steve shook her hand.
Just as he said that, another scream pierced through the air. He began to back up a little feeling completely confused and at a loss as what to do. He had nearly backed into the orderly that was now picking up the fragments of the coffee mug he had dropped.
“I knew you were planning something.” She turned to him. “If you go through with it, you’ll lose him.” She uttered just above a whisper.
Steve smiled and nodded along. He silently begged for their forgiveness as he watched them sip eagerly at the tea.
Bruce sighed knowing full well that Tony deserve whatever he is going to get. Entertained at the idea he turned back to work with a slight smile on his face which irritated Tony and baffled Hank.
Eighteen, that was all that was left of them.  For the last few weeks there had been fifty eight people in and out of the compound, now they were less than twenty.
It sliced through a flock of birds taking out seventeen of them. Then it continued on, bouncing off of the head of a fake doom bot making the machine drop out of the sky only to land on eight new hatchlings. The shields new trajectory took it through another flock hitting nineteen of them then continuing on to slice through another doom bot, changing the shields to directory once more to head straight back to Barnes. He caught it deftly then turn to smirk at Iron Man.
The longer he looked upon his face the more sure he was that this was their last night together. He did not know then that it was going to be his last, but he knew this time. It was all going to end one way or another tomorrow.
A/N: What did you think? I just could not resist bringing Bucky in on this somehow. After the events of Winter Soldier and Iron Man three it was hard to continue my story because so many things happened that contradicted it and no longer made my story cannon. That’s why it had taken me four years to get to this point. After Civil War came out I was finally able to come to terms that my story was simply going to be cannon adjacent.  I had to profoundly alter much of the story's content but I still managed to keep my main key points the same, that took a while to work out. So it’s going to be much bigger that I originally planned. You're welcome.
“Okay then, Professor? Did you see what happened to the victims?” Tony asked more kindly. He was a bit more at ease knowing Xavier had Fury whipped. Shamelessly, this made him happy.
The soldier spoke in such an unyielding way that he gave Tony goosebumps, so much so that the genius felt a spark of hope blossom within.
Natasha, after her inquiries with the witnesses, was going through the security footages looking for anything that would explain what happen to the victims. Clint was beside her acting like a back seat driver trying to dictate where they should be looking which made her threaten to stab him. The animosity seemed to spread.
He instantly regretted the undignified and very unmanly squeal that escaped his throat. He wheeled around instantly on his attacker only to see Barnes sporting a wide grin big enough to rival the Cheshire cat.
He started thinking about those times almost 100 years ago.  So much was so cut and dry, so black and white back then.  Or at least it seemed that way.
As I was roaming along, it was inevitable that I would encounter some sort of celestial body up close and personal. As it would happen I was on a collision course for this tiny planet. Finally, I would be able to learn the things I yearned to know.
Just when he was going to go ask Tony his opinion of the odds, Steve heard a reverberating CRASH resonate though out the shop. The good Captain, concerned for the genius’s wellbeing, darted toward Tony’s general direction he wander off in only to hear him start to shout.
“We see Gloria making eye contact with the mysterious woman. It was subtle and I almost didn’t catch it. Now watch.” Natasha paused.
"Can you please, for once, trust me when I say it's in your best interest not to know what's going on?"
“Cerebro focuses and enhances my natural abilities. With it I could potentially find anyone in the world, see him, hear him,
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose in irritation. How is this his life? He’s just a kid from Brooklyn but here he is, in this time, with these people, in this insane situation. He could not help but to wish Bucky was there with him. He read somewhere that wishes were eternal, whatever.
Suddenly a pressure bomb went off next to him. It blew them several hundred feet off their trajectory. It also separated Tony from Bucky.
“After I learned about the value of my existence during that time I knew what I had to do. I took the planet Xiréth in the Vanaheim. Next I took Ödeskar of the Jotunheim, then Pläkktakienvín of the Niflheim, Körga of the Muspelheim and lastly Trëyía of the Alfheim." She smiled watching Thor as she spoke.
When he picked up the bag he was thankful it wasn't too heavy. It would get a tad cumbersome if he had to carry around something like that nice table clock he spotted on the way in.
“Of course, Sir. And to answer your other question, Mr. Barnes, Lego is derived from the Danish phrase leg godt, which means ‘play well.’ Also, Lego is loosely interpreted as ‘I assemble’ in Latin. It is a clever play on words for the name of a toy manufacturing company, the Lego Group, that subsequently create small interlocking plastic bricks known the world over as Legos. The small interlocking plastic bricks are what Mr. Stark is referring.” Jarvis explained displaying hollow images of the small interlocking bricks.
Bucky’s tender expression made Steve want to melt in relief. His look was full of concern and comfort. It was in no way condemning or disgusted. He could tell just by looking into his crystal blue eyes that if Bucky had any issue with Steve loving Tony it wasn’t because the genius was a man, it was because Tony had a very negative reputation in certain aspects. But alas, he had to be sure.
Even more distressing was the very perceptible sound of heart monitors all around him. One, in particular, had him nearly on the edge of his seat. He could tell, it was getting slower, ever so slightly slower each passing second.
“Well hey, you are supposed to be the genius here right,” he then pointed at Hank, “the both of you right?  Why don’t you two figure out how to kill this thing?”  Clint was well and truly freaking out now.
“It was both doctors, just so you know.” Barton piped up. “They both were regaling the tale of the immature children they had to babysit for six hours.” Clint smirked.
Twenty minutes later Tony was putting the finishing touches on a weapon prototype he was developing for a suit that he was hoping would have the capacity to safely go into outer space. The lack of atmosphere and gravity are some of the more difficult aspects to overcome.
“You have a gift many do not receive, to know when you have reached the end. You have the chance to say that things you could not before.”
Steve smiled as the genius walked off.  The Captain sipped at his coffee before simply chugging it down.
“Shh, Babydoll, Mommy’s asleep. Why don’t you tell me all about it while you help me make breakfast for Mommy?”
“Don’t worry about it Tony, how much you spend won’t mean a thing when the world ends. But it means everything now, to all of us.” Steve replied reassuringly.
After putting the finishing touches on his drawing, he could not help but to think he was truly fond of this man. He must be a very important friend, if not his best friend of this time. He cursed his amnesia for the umpteenth time since waking up under the large Maple tree. He detested not remembering his life with Peggy and Ellie, he hated not remembering his neighbors and members of the community and now, he found his lack of memory of this mystery friend of his utterly loathsome.
“That’s why we should have ordered a lock down! We could have trapped it here making it nearly impossible to escape.” Fury retorted, he wanted to get this thing a.s.a.p.
You try so hard to make the world a better place. You’ve made my world a better place. I wish things could have turned out differently for us. Maybe we were never meant to be. For what it’s worth I’ve enjoyed having you in my life. I cherish all the time we spent together and mourn the fact we couldn’t have more. I feel honored to have gotten to truly know you in ways nobody ever could. I only hope that I’ve managed to impact your life in a profound meaningful way also. I really did want to spend the rest of my life with you, Tony. I’m sorry we couldn’t have that.
A/N: And with that another one bites the dust. Chapter 48 will be the last chapter. So, stay tuned, it's all almost over. Don't forget to leave me a review. All questions, comments and theories welcome.
“Hello Captain Rogers, I am Dr. Lillie Davidson and I am the physician attending you this day.” Dr. Davidson greeted.
The entire room lit up as the holographic rendering of the data exploded into view. It twisted and curved into the gnarled visage of a vast ancient tree, energy branching out and connecting and colliding with others. It was magnificent. Jarvis was but a tiny little orb amongst the codes enormity.
Steve looked over his shoulder to see Johnny looking at his work around the room in different stages of completion.
“Well, now that the procedure is over, I’m gonna let you two weirdos have your little moment.” Natasha winked. “I’m going to go check and see how everybody’s doing.”
He put everything he had into his armor and thrust them into the Quin-Jet. The bay doors closed and because of the jets advanced stealth technology they were invisible to all pursuers. Long story short they were fucking safe. After all that, they were “safe”. God, he could just pass out right now. Except Bucky’s vitals were spiking again.
Steve stared at her gushing form and found he had never appreciated Bucky’s point of view more. He may have been a jerk about it at the time but Bucky had been equally right. He smiled and nodded.
“Let’s gather everything we have and use the meeting room closest to sick bay. It’s not much, but will serve its purpose. It also has a nice view.” The Captain proposed.
Scott, Johnny and Ben made a complete recovery and the only thing they had to report was funny dreams about prancing pink bunny and unicorn hybrids that liked to eat people. Other than that they were perfectly healthy.
“Sorry for the interruption, there has been a development.  As I was analyzing some of the blood work of our patients and going back over some of the other patients’ stats, there seems to be an intriguing anomaly.  All of them seemed to be exuding incredibly high levels of endorphins, dopamine and serotonin.
"No, please don't say that. Of course, this is real, I'm real! I'm standing right here. I'm Eleanor, your daughter." She cried as she grabbed his hand. "See? I'm really here!"
"Sir, reports are coming in of more cities plagued by the Rhododendron's forces. Sydney, Mexico City, Bucharest, Berlin and Moscow are among them."
Tony had the irresistible urge to clap after that epic brilliant speech, though he was sure he might get lynched… Oh fuck it!
Steve was attempting to subdue the incoming wave of misery that was threatening to spill over by the way of unwelcome tears. How long had he wanted Tony to drop the stupid nicknames and just address him as Steve? With so much reverence laced within its utterance no less.
Warning bells were going off in Steve’s head. It’s just one disaster after another. Somehow he couldn’t help but to think that Calamity may have been pulling some of the strings on this one.
Eventually, Steve and Ellie ordered a large sundae to split, with extra sprinkles of course. She giggled happily as they took a window seat and sat down to wait on the ice cream. He couldn’t help but to stare at her, taking in her features again.
He continued to watch the world move around him for a time before he spotted incoming company upon the horizon. Falcon landed a few feet from him, disturbing the flora and fauna from their graceful dance.
Official number one opened the door and Tony stepped out. He saw official number two just outside the door and when he had a clear shot he used his wristwatch to stun the two officials with electricity. They instantly fell to the floor knocked out.
Tony looked like he was going to throw up. The genius pressed his lips together tightly and his eyes darted about as if he was trying to figure something out. He let out a strangled breath and for a split-second Tony's face contorted to one of utter wretched misery before he had schooled his features.
“We cannot run away or escape this. Fine. We shall stay and fight this thing, all of us to our last breath. We will do everything it takes to gather as much information as possible.” He paused making eye contact with each and every person in the room.
“Not without getting at least a little bit to eat, you haven’t eaten anything all day I’m pretty damn sure.”  Steve said as he pulled Tony up to stand.
Tony was lost in Steve’s warm expression for a bit. Realizing almost too late that he was asked a direct question.
Saving everyone from Calamity was a priority. He had tried a few more algorithms earlier that day. They all failed spectacularly. To be honest he had somewhat given up on trying to decipher the data load Calamity gave to him and had gone back to writing the desynthization program from scratch. The simulations were as detestable as ever. He really did not know what he was going to do if he couldn’t solve the code or create one to free people from their comas, to release Calamity’s hold over them.
But as time goes on, you come to realize that all things happen for a reason. Just as things had been taken from you, many more have been given at the same time. Back then, you lost your friends and mission all at once and nearly your life. But in this time, you have gained your life back, you have made new friends and have a new mission. There will be a time in your life when you'll remember these words and understand them completely and utterly and hold them close to your soul.
Hope you all stay tuned for the next chapter and of course as always; all questions, comments and theories welcome.
"That is indeed correct. I have been with you this entire time. I must admit I have taken great joy in learning your mind and reading your thoughts. I enjoy your mind more than I care to admit, however."
Bucky’s face fell after he thought for a moment. “Did I really get shot by the guy in the pink bunny suit? I was really hoping I imagined that…” He said miserably, staring back up at the ceiling.
It was nearly three feet long and about a foot and a half wide. It looked as if it were made of charcoal briquettes haphazardly glued together. Tony watched in horror as it began to hatch. That same wailing noise he heard before emanated from the cracks as a horrendously foul-smelling mucus began to ooze from its core.
As far as they can tell Calamity needs this keystone in order to gain complete control over every living soul on a planet. The keystone allows her to imprint on every single person simultaneously. They figured that’s how she managed to get a hold of her past targets even though they had been successfully scattered across the universe.
Judging by the man's reaction of finding Steve married with a child and that he had offhandedly commented that it was an understatement that they knew each other, indicated that perhaps there was some truth in the dream he had. Steve guessed that sometime before he married Peggy he and this man must have been having an affair some sort.
Tony felt sick. Sure, he wanted to strangle the guy for all the grief and chaos he caused. But Tony didn't 'actually' want to kill him. He didn't want him to die, at least… not like this…
“Of course Captain.” Xavier replied as he melded into a look of concentration and started to head to the labs.
'No!' He thought. 'No, not mysterious man… It was- I was sure he told me.' Steve gulped in realization that he couldn't remember the man's name. 'I know it was T- something.'
Amazed at how at easy and happy he felt at the geniuses entrance. He winced internally, wasn’t he supposed to be on a mission to act normally?
That shocked Bucky out his reverie and his expression turned violent as he finally flipped their positions. Steve was mildly fascinated that he could still feel the rough texture of the asphalt under his right cheek being that it was still swollen and bleeding from the bullet wound and the constant abuse.
A/N: And another one bites the dust. Guess what everyone? Next chapter is all about Steve! Not only is it all about Steve, but were also going to have a significant amount of the long awaited Stony action! Finally! Be sure to tune in for next chapter.
He stared at the drawing before him, remembering those times of old.  Truly, so much has changed over the last several decades.  Once, a man would fear he be bludgeoned to death in a dirty alley if one even thought that he fancied other men.  Now…  Now most anyone really has to worry about nowadays are crazy aliens coming in an invasion or unexplainable coma cases.  Definitely a different world. He couldn’t imagine Tony getting drug into a back alley and getting beat to death.
“Thor, what about Natasha and Clint? Are they ok!?” Before the golden alien could respond another voice appeared.
It took a long moment for Tony to gather his wits. He listened as every member of his team present assured each other that they were not taken out in the blast. He managed to squeak out a quick affirmation that he too was still alive as he slowly and shakingly got to his knees. He turned to look at the damage. Where there had been three city blocks of buildings now was an empty crater. The buildings surrounding the crater were now lying in large heaps of rubble. The only thing that survived her wrath were her hatchlings.
“She-e” His voice cracked, Tony took a deep breath and started again.  “She has been very busy the last few days.  According to Jarvis the n-number is now 1,039 from all over the world.”
After removing his T-shirt, Tony felt slightly self-conscious as he noticed the Maximoff girl attempt to discreetly examine the webbing of scar tissue surrounding his arc reactor that was visible above his undershirt. He haphazardly tossed his Black Sabbath shirt aside for Dumm-E to pick up later and took his position behind the soldier with the small painkilling device in hand.
Steve turned to her, matching her frown. He really did not want her to exert herself. He knew she could handle it but it’s the principle of the thing. What would his mother say, God rest her soul, if she found out he let his heavily pregnant wife stand there and wash the dishes when he was perfectly capable and she could be resting and taking it easy? His mother would box his ears she would. He shuddered at the thought. What was equally frightening was the fact that if he made even one little protest Peggy would ream him.
As Tony stood before his newest battle-ready suit, taking in the intricate design, the genius ran his hands through his dark hair in complete frustration.
“Here.”  She freeze framed a part of the video they have of the whole crazy ordeal.  “This is the only shot we have of him.”
After cleaning up after the operation, Tony walked leisurely to his workshop letting his thoughts zip about and land where they may. The last few months altogether had been really something else. Never before could he have imagined his life taking all the twists and turns that it had.
“I-I have little time left and I should want to be spending it with my family, and I do!” He did, twenty minutes ago. “But I don’t think I can get over the guilt of just leaving Bucky out there somewhere. Here, I am safe and surrounded by people who care about me and he’s out there alone in a hostile environment.”
The Captain’s concern bled through his usual stoic leader face. Tony noticed the look and transitioned into serious mode.
“Now, now do not give me that suspicious look, love. I have decided to give you the most precious of paragons.”
“Geez Tony, how many cups of coffee had you had today?” Steve asked amused at Tony’s childlike excitement.
Steve realized his own face must have matched the one Ellie wore not a moment ago considering the smug look of satisfaction she now displayed.
Steve looked over at Tony questioningly but the genius gestured for him to continue to watch. The Captain looked back at the display thoroughly intrigued.
He gave Xavier a sideways glace, indicating his distain at the Professor’s warning against a full scale lock down. However he did refrain from openly glaring at the Mind Reader, reminding himself not to show such childish behavior.
“Yeah it seems a little farfetched Clint, however if it were just a few people it wouldn’t even be an issue, but in this case every single person had extremely tragic backgrounds all 75. Every single one.  There is no denying that that has something to do with all of this.”
“I see it!” He exclaimed suddenly. “I see what they were doing, I see what they were getting at. It’s beautiful and God dammit, I hate them!”
Steve was still utterly perplexed by the entire situation. But at the end of it all he couldn’t help but to be glad that they weren’t in too much trouble, especially showing up face to face, relatively uninvited, with an army like that. Things very well could have ended up much worse. At least they were on the path to finding answers.
Tony’s vision blurred and his chest began to hurt and burn. Just when he thought he was going to pass out he heard Barnes’s irritating voice.
The other agents were barely getting back on their feet. He could not leave any of them conscious. He took a breath and centered his body and lunged to the right, shooting one agent in the leg then following up the attack with a brutal impact of the butt of the gun to the man’s temple.
He took in his surroundings with a critical eye. An empty hospital. It was disturbingly eerie. Then he looked at the girl again.
“Try me!” Bucky challenged before looking up at what Tony was working on. “What the hell is that?” He said pointing to the holo-screen.
They stared at each other. How many times have they been in this position before? Bucky looming over him putting pressure on the wound while giving him that reprimanding look that always screamed, “Dumbass! Why do you gotta be so damn reckless?!”
He looked around and noticed that there were a few nurses heading his way, all looking equally concerned.
God, Steve was so mortified right now. If there was one person in the entire world whose opinion mattered most, it was Bucky’s. If Bucky rejected him because he was in love with another man he didn’t think he would survive. Steve pressed his lips together refusing to confirm or deny. Bucky knows him all too well however.
“Not quite,” he guffawed. “But with this hair I can see how ya got confused.” He remarked as he flipped his hair dramatically.
Steve took in her words reflectively. She was absolutely right. He did do that. His heart sank in regret. He had thought that he was making progress in letting go of the past. Yet, when the opportunity arose to 'go back', he took it without hesitation. He rejected her world because he knew it wasn't real, yet, he couldn't break free from his own past that no longer existed. He had wondered that if he hadn't held on so tightly to the past could he and Tony have made it?
That's all he had. Five minutes to rebuild the spatial distorter that ten minutes ago he believed only existed on paper. Five minutes to solder tiny delicate machinery into something that would have taken himself hours to assemble. Five minutes until the hole grew large enough to suck them all into its pseudo-void and simultaneously unleash who knows how many hell beasts into their world. Five minutes until the end.
‘Fascinating people… The worry and chaos… hmm’ the Professor was gathering information using his own methods. He was getting an overall feel of every one on the ship and the general tone and atmosphere of the situation.
“How is it we were able to find you then? The data I used found you in the video footages we have.” Tony replied looking at the drive in his hands skeptically.
After finding a nurse, Steve had found out that Peggy was a bit more stable and the contractions were finally starting to get closer and closer together. If her condition continued to improve Steve would be able to see her, but only for a moment.
Spending the last couple weeks with Barnes had given Tony insight into some of the facets of Steve’s personality. Namely the capacity to handle Tony with a no-nonsense attitude and then turn around and dish out insults as well as he took them. In the beginning, when they first met, Tony thought Steve was an arrogant prick, a witless military puppet.
"The other souls, Steven. Not Midgardian souls, mind you, but all the others. They are all here, inside me."
