Mycroft nodded and leveled his gaze on John.  “Not unlike what happened when you received your own letter, Dr. Watson.  But while your sister decided to wallow in her own misery, I did more than that.”
“Sherlock!  What a wonderful surprise!”  He spotted Cecelia and approached her.  “And Miss Cecelia as well, how excellent!  What can I do for you two this fine afternoon?”
“Niall’s selection is adequate, but I have something a bit more specific in mind,” Sherlock responded quietly. Setting it to the side for the moment, Sherlock knelt on the bed and began to efficiently strip off his trousers. He leaned over John to balance as he shuffled out of each leg individually and, to John’s surprise, the group of onlookers made small noises of surprise. Despite what they were watching, their audience remained fairly silent for the most part every other night and John raised an eyebrow at Sherlock as he straightened. Sherlock’s only response was a broad grin as he swung himself over John, arse in John’s face, and started to work on his trousers as well. John quickly realised what caused their surprise and openly groaned.
“We’re not sure of IDs yet, as far as I know,” John replied before Sherlock could respond.  Despite the fact that the case had the potential to draw even Sherlock’s scattered attention, the constant allusions to John’s unknown past caused his well-organized mind to refocus itself constantly.  The words were like being thrust into a new country and forced to learn the language through interaction, some of it mixing together into a semblance of understanding but most of it meaning nothing without further context.  He itched to learn more, to sit John or even Tom down and interrogate them like one of his suspects until they cracked.  The lack of understanding was as uncomfortable as needing a fix, causing the same churning of anxiety and turmoil to simmer low in his stomach and make its way out until he felt as though it would burst from his fingertips in an attempt at escape.  The feeling hadn’t quite reached an uncontrollable state yet, but the buildup made Sherlock long to be done with the case so he could properly focus on it.
John let out a frustrated sigh.  “Yeah, I figured you wouldn’t be much help on that bit.  It’s just such a rare gift, you know?  It ought to be this great help because of that and it just isn’t working out that way.”
“Harry, though generally as ridiculous as most, has thankfully been gifted with a fair bit of common sense.  I suspect he realized long ago that his wisest option when allowing me to remain Unobliviated thus far was to ensure that it would continue to be so for a long time to come.”
“Thank God for magic or this would be hell to clean up later,” Sherlock mumbled, wrapping an arm around John’s shoulders.  John chuckled and was about to reply when Cecelia darted over to wave something in their faces.
John nodded and shrugged out of his jacket. He considered the waistcoat and came to a quick decision, stripping off his shirt and buttoning it on across his bare chest. He dug around in the trousers until he found a shiny pair of black leather ones that vaguely reminded him of pirate breeches. As he turned to search for shoes, he spotted Sherlock and froze, his mouth falling open.
“I never had a chance…”  John dug around his pocket and pulled it out.  In his texts from Sherlock, he had nearly two hundred messages, all of them containing either pictures or videos of Sherlock and Rosie at the zoo.  He caught a glimpse of something that must have been a Snapchat filter, the two of them decorated with deer ears and freckles making faces in front of the flamingo exhibit.  John’s grin widened as he opened a video and watched Rosie squeal at the penguins, Sherlock’s deep voice booming over the speakers as he told her about them while she ran back and forth in front of the glass to chase them as they swam.  He found a picture that Rosie had obviously taken while they were in the butterfly enclosure where Sherlock had an enormous blue butterfly sitting balanced on his curls and forehead.  Though the edges were slightly blurry, Sherlock’s surprised expression and wide eyes were clear.
“Shut it, you,” he hissed, but the footsteps had already started to hurry towards them.  Whoever it was, they were coming from the opposition direction from where Sherlock’s face could see.  He silently hoped that it would be an older student or a professor; Doyle could easily threaten off a first or second year, leaving Sherlock to his fate.
Gently pushing him up and around, John shifted Sherlock until they were facing each other.  “Tell me honestly that you don’t want to go and we won’t, Sherlock.  The opportunity is a great one, but it won’t be worth shit if you or Cecelia are miserable.”
“I’m impressed,” John said quietly.  “What you said there…that was quite good.  I don’t think I’ve ever heard you speak so kindly about a police force before.”
“Well, you’ll definitely meet some people who will think you’re not a proper wizard,” John agreed.  Sherlock’s head shot around and John caught an unusual glimpse of fear in his eyes before his expression became blank.  “Here, among the staff, though…I don’t think it’ll be a problem.  Minerva’s approved all of them and has worked with most of them for a long time and I trust her judgment.  She’s not the sort to hire someone who would look down on a wizard just because they haven’t been studying magic their entire life.”
But with Sherlock as his roommate, he had to tread carefully. He had no idea how Sherlock felt about sex, let alone sharing it or the nude body with strangers on the internet, and it wasn’t exactly something to bring up in casual conversation. Besides, the mere thought of talking about it with Sherlock made his face flush and his heartbeat kick into double time. Talking about it meant talking about Sherlock and sex, and Sherlock and sex made John feel like he was a hormonal teenager all over again. Just the thought of Sherlock had already resulted in several new posts for his followers, caught in the seldom moments when he had class and John didn’t. Discussing it with him in order to get a few evenings alone to work would be difficult all on its own, but admitting he was a source of inspiration too would make it nearly impossible, and John couldn’t imagine revealing this side of himself without telling Sherlock the whole truth.
“Give that a go.  Cyprus, dragon heartstring this time, ten and a half inches.  I think we might have better luck with this particular core.”
“Sherlock, this may be exactly what we’re looking for.”  Flipping it around, he shoved it into Sherlock’s face.  He watched as Sherlock read the title and lower the book, his expression excited.
“No need to apologize.”  They both fell silent, John watching Cecelia and Sherlock continuing to pace.  “Sherlock, you okay?”
“What reason do I have to trust you?  What is to say you do not wish John harm?  You haven’t even given your name, Professor…”
John could only nod his agreement as they arrived in the meeting room and were forced to separate. It wasn’t until they had long since parted, Sherlock to a group who were impossibly eager to claim his attention and John to the rest, that he realised he once again forgot to pay attention to Sherlock’s face during the encounter. For the most part, his expressions had been lost in John’s groin, but they were close and face to face while John finished him off. He glanced around the room in search of Nicolette, wondering if it would be ridiculous to go talk to her about Sherlock caught up in an orgasm, and found her hidden near a wall with a few others. Sensing his gaze, she met his eyes and lifted her glass in a long distance toast. Unable to break himself away from his conversation, John’s attention shifted from her to Sherlock for the rest of the evening.
Sherlock chose to ignore the sentimentality of his words, but John could feel the amusement of seeing his brother this way radiating off of him.  “We might not have a better opportunity than this, John.  Mycroft’s a very busy man, after all.”
She simply grinned up at him and squirmed until he set her down.  As soon as she was on the ground, she raced into the kitchen, calling behind her for them to follow.  Sherlock looked between Greg and John, concern causing his eyebrows to furrow.  John stood from the bed, pulling Greg with him, and walked over to stand in front of Sherlock.
“How can he?” Greg asked, pushing himself to his feet to loom over Sherlock.  “You don’t understand, Sherlock, my family is actual shit, the horrible things they’ve done – “  He stopped to swallow, clenching his eyes shut in an attempt to control himself.  “My family has killed his friends and done worse to others.  He has every right to hate me for it.”
“I wasn’t meant to go to Hogwarts,” Sherlock suddenly announced.  John froze in his ministrations for the briefest second before continuing it with a bit more force.  He remained silent while Sherlock recounted what happened at Hogwarts in a quiet voice.  When he finished, he sighed and leaned his head back against John’s shoulder.
“Excellent,” Sherlock said, jumping to his feet and striding across the room to throw on his coat. “It appears you arrived home just in time, John; come along.” Without waiting for a response, he raced down the stairs and out the door.
“I’ve gotten better at containing my strops,” Sherlock said with a grin.  “That isn’t a character trait that I’d like to pass on to Cecelia.”
“Stop distracting me when I’m about to teach you magic.”  He darted around Sherlock and into their room, snatching up his wand where he left it on the nightstand the evening before.  When he returned, he set a detection charm on both the sitting room and kitchen doors in case Mrs. Hudson or a client arrived before returning to Sherlock’s side.
“Why do you insist on doing this?” Sherlock bit out through gritted teeth.  His hands scrapped along the wall in an unconscious bid to get further away.  “Clearly I have absolutely no interest in you and forcing yourself on me certainly isn’t going to make me change my mind.”
“AGRA,” John replied hurriedly, gesturing wildly down at the book.  As his excitement grew, Sherlock folded himself down on the floor as well, until they sat mirroring each other with their knees touching.  Sherlock’s interest furthered John’s excitement until he was speaking almost as fast as Sherlock did during a deduction.  “We know the initials from the flash drive, right, and that they stood for the name she gave us in all the shit she put on it.  But what if she didn’t change them from her wizarding name?  I saw a name on that page that reminded me – I went up against a bloke named Avery in the battle at Hogwarts and I know his father was a Death Eater as well.  What if there were others in the family who decided to get into the business too?”
“Sherlock…” John started to say, taking a step toward him.  He abruptly walked past John, however, and marched into the bedroom, shutting the door behind him.  John sighed, watching the closed door with a frown.
“Morning,” John said before taking a bite of his toast. Sherlock waited for him to swallow before he spoke.
Grinning back, John winked at him.  “I don’t mind waiting if the waiting’s for something good.”  Sherlock’s still pink cheeks turned even more red and John burst out into a full blown smile as he waved and returned to Jane’s side.
“Not off the top of my head, but I’ll let you know when I see what you’ve got. I’m sure whatever you’ll want to use will be fine.” Smiling, Sherlock nodded again and returned to his study of the knife.
He briefly rubbed his fingers into Sherlock’s spine before heading off towards the stairs.  He made it halfway up before he realized an issue with Sherlock’s alteration to his old room.  Freezing on the steps, he hesitated momentarily before turning to go back down.  Sherlock’s door was already closed, so he rapped on it with light knuckles.
“If we’re going to have this conversation now, I’m not doing it until I’ve properly checked that scratch of yours and made us an entire pot of tea.  Stay there.”
Finally satisfied, Sherlock walked at a sedate pace back down the corridor, considering his next plan of action.  He still wondered where John and Cecelia had gone off to and thought about trying to find them, but soon tossed the thought aside.  He had been meandering the castle to discover its secrets since the moment they arrived but still only had just barely begun.  If he attempted to find them without any clues as to where they were headed, they could be circling one another for hours without even knowing.  He would be better off returning to the hospital wing or their flat to wait for them to return, but now that he had ventured out, he wasn’t certain if he wanted to go back to the boredom of being stuck there alone.
"So you interfered with my future and got a job out of it,” Sherlock sneered.  His wand shook in his hand and John carefully extricated it from his grasp, hoping to avoid any potential accidents.  “I never went to Hogwarts to learn what I could accomplish and you were given an advancement out of it.”
They were dressed in varying degrees of thoroughness, a handful of them obviously wearing clothes they brought themselves while others only chose a few of the available accessories from those provided. They began to mingle through the room, talking amongst themselves and picking at the food provided on the tables. John and Sherlock were forced to separate, although John found himself searching him out to check on him. Sherlock fell into the role fairly easily, however, immediately leaning his palms back onto a table and stretching out his long legs to cross them in front of him. A pair of men approached him moments later, immediately engaging him in an animated conversation. A crooked grin settled on his lips as he spoke to them, his posture remaining languid and open.
Sherlock’s forehead scrunched in doubt but he nodded.  Gesturing for James to take John’s usual seat, he moved to his own and leaned forward, his elbows on his knees.  “What did you wish to discuss?”
Sherlock raised the wand to eye level, balancing it on poised fingertips.  He shifted it back and forth in his grasp, feeling along the wood’s veins with gentle fingers and eying it from handle to tip.  He spent a particularly long time studying the etchings on the base, following the outlines as they melded into smoothness to form the rest of his wand.  Eventually he copied the way John held it, his grip loose but graceful as he gave it a slight swish.  He jolted away as a few purple sparks erupted from the end, gaping as the wand clattered to the floor.
“Yeah, it definitely look like you’re great,” John replied sarcastically, but he couldn’t keep the concern out of his voice.  “Seriously, babe, what happened?  You were fine a few minutes ago.”
“The DNA results from the ejaculate sample were male.” Sherlock turned and picked up his coat, digging around for his mobile. “Plus the writing style is distinctly more masculine in style. There isn’t much of a sample size to base that on, but given the other evidence I believe it’s a fair judgment to make.” He snapped various pictures of the writing from multiple angles before grabbing one of the makeup wipes made available for their use and scrubbing the message away.
McGonagall hummed her agreement.  “A true member of your house, as you’ve always been.”  She rose to her feet, wrinkled hand smoothing over her robes.  “I’d best return.  Should I contact Mr. Potter or shall you?”
“Remember what we read about summoning charms, bee?” he asked.  When she nodded eagerly, he continued, “The spell works on everything except…”
“You’re moving back?”  Sherlock’s voice was quietly incredulous and the sound caused John to chuckle.  He shifted his hand from his to Sherlock’s collar to pull him in for a quick peck on the lips.
not even sure how I would go about finding Doyle; the added element of magical ability makes it even harder for him to be found.  Hell, once he’s past the grounds, all he has to do is nick someone’s wand and he could Apparate anywhere.”
Without looking, John felt around for his chair until he found the arm and sat down on it heavily.  “Right.  So you’re a wizard too?”
“All of them, some before and after the performance. They’ve become extra vigilant ever since the thefts started, but not even the performers noticed anything, despite their near constant interaction with the audience. Is anything missing from tonight?”
Snape attempted to conceal his pleasure at Sherlock’s words, but the tiny, smug smile at the corner of his mouth gave him away.  “It is a delicate art mastered by the few and respected by the fewer.  It is hardly ever given the due it rightfully deserves.”
For a breathless moment John simply watched Sherlock, his long body undulating as he worked himself faster on the dildo. In his focus on Sherlock, he forgot about the drinks in his arm and they clattered to the floor. Sherlock’s head shot around and John met his dilated eyes, both of them breathing heavily. Sherlock choked out a ragged, “John!” before he came, streaks of white splattering across his stomach. Stuttering an unintelligible apology, John bolted back down the stairs and out the door before Sherlock could even take a full breath.
John knew Sherlock cared for him, even before this case started. He showed it in his own ways; waiting for John at cabs, making tea when he got home from the clinic, matching his pace as they walked through the city. He made it clear from the start that he wasn’t interested in anything romantically and John respected that. If Sherlock changed his mind, John would leave it up to him to say something about it. The way he acted with John during their scenes, however, made him doubt if Sherlock even knew what he wanted. He felt the care and affection in Sherlock’s touch, and saw the warmth and appreciation in the way he looked and spoke to him. John got caught up in the emotions of sex the night before and went beyond the confines of the case and scene, but in the light of day he wasn’t sure how Sherlock actually felt about it. He had ample opportunity to stop John and hadn’t, but John was frustrated about what exactly that meant. One thing was for sure, though – he owed Sherlock an apology.
“Ready?” John asked, wrapping a loose arm around his waist when he came to his side.  Sherlock nodded and turned to Molly.
John gave the room one last once over after he shrunk the fireplace and made sure it was out.  Smiling sadly to himself, he silently took out his wand and in seconds left Baker Street behind.
Bringing his lips to Sherlock’s cockhead, John set one of his hands along Sherlock’s outer thigh in a steadying pressure and guided his opposite leg closer, resting his cheek with soft fondness against him to feel the heat of his skin.  Sherlock’s hips jutted out obscenely, seeking much needed friction, and John used the movement to guide cock to lips.  He followed the line of precome now following down the curve of Sherlock’s cock, meeting it where it slid along his crown.  Sherlock’s eyes fluttered closed for a moment, one of them soon peeking open to watch John’s movements with rapt attention.  As John shifted to fully lick at his slit, Sherlock’s legs pushed against John’s opposing handholds to rock himself up on the balls of his feet.  His toes flexed against the lino in time to John’s tongue, pushing himself further into John’s mouth with each shift.  Unable to get a firm enough grip to properly thrust, Sherlock whimpered and dug his nails into the tabletop.
“It’ll be fine,” John said when Sherlock still hadn’t relaxed in his seat.  He finally lowered his shoulders, releasing the tension in them, and let himself settle back.  “Is this all that’s bothering you?  I’m sure there’s an explanation behind why she hasn’t said anything before now…I wouldn’t worry yourself about it too much.”
I was doing so well keeping up with these and they keep throwing new content out that distracts me for the next twelve hours.  Anyway someday I'll get back on track, we'll see if today is that day.
Before Sherlock could insist otherwise, John said, “Yes, definitely.  I don’t know if he’s done this to others, but he absolutely can’t be allowed to do it again.”
“This is more than just an annoying suitor, though.”  John frowned, his mouth in a tight line.  “I understand what you mean, love, but we’re partners; any time you have a problem, you should know that you can come to me and I won’t judge you badly for it.  I just want you to be safe.”
A knock came at the door and Sherlock threw himself out of John’s arms, curling into a tight ball at the end of the bed.  John gaped up at the ceiling, attempting to even his breathing and stopper the disappointment in both his chest and his cock.
“We aren’t, as far as I know.  We’ve barely spoken since everything happened with Mary.  Frankly I’ve found the silence rather refreshing.”
Smirking, Niall placed a hand on his hip. “Well, according to some less open minded people, yes.” At John and Sherlock’s matching looks of surprise, Niall laughed and continued. “It’s a concept I developed involving a post-apocalyptic attempt at utopia. I’ve cultivated a world in which sex and sexuality is an open and shared experience, where the audience is allowed to view the intimacy of a couple in passion as well as interact with them in a neutral, comfortable environment to create a bridge of understanding and acceptance. They all work together to create a cohesive story that leads to an act of sex, one of the most human acts we all take part in. It’s meant to be a celebration of life and the human body after the hypothetical threat of total destruction.”
“Do we know who these men were specifically?” Sherlock asked, turning to direct his question at Harry.  “We heard at least one of their names before John took them out.  Travers.”
Mary held her hands open to them, palms facing upward. "You've had her the entire time. I didn't want to be a witch any longer, so I took on my born shape and joined the Muggle world. I wanted to start my new life with a truth, one I could actually claim as my own. You've always had the real me."
“No. I’ve had my suspicions since the start and didn’t want Niall to contaminate them with his own opinions. You’ll understand soon enough.” John nodded and left him to his musings until their audience arrived.
John forced himself not to shoot back a retort, clenching and unclenching his fists as he strode to her side.  Even though they were technically side-by-side, an awkward emptiness resided in the foot of air between them.  Before John got his letter, such an occurrence would have been unheard of.
“John!  Minerva mentioned you would be taking over for Poppy for the year.  We’re excited to have you, all of you!”
“When I came home from school for the summer, several months after you turned six, it had only grown stronger.  The magic was practically the only thing anyone could discuss.  That school year had been my first away from home and…I did not feel particularly valued, despite how accomplished I had become.  Your magic appeared to be the only thing that was cause for any sort of celebration.”
Neville laughed and nodded.  “Good memory.  If you’d like, I can show you what happened to those seeds sometime.”
Taking a deep breath through his nose, Sherlock took all of John back in at the same time as he began to rub his fingertip behind his balls. The dual sensation made John throw his head back over the top of the pillow, his mouth letting out a series of high pitched ahhs without him consciously making the choice to do so. Sherlock increased the pressure with his finger as he sucked and John only had the chance to tug on his hair briefly in warning before he started to come. As John shot down his throat, he moved his hand away and pulled up on John’s cock until just the crown was in his mouth. He ran his tongue just under the plume to coax out the last bit and John’s whole body shivered with sensation.
“Got the key,” he said, gesturing towards the entrance.  Sherlock nodded and rose to his feet, snatching up his bag and matching John’s pace to follow beside him.  His free hand moved to the end of his scarf, twirling the fringe around his index finger in continued agitation.  John watched him as he nibbled his bottom lip, the movement tempting, and he pulled his hand away to grasp it firmly in his.  “You okay?  Thinking about the case?”
Niall was waiting for them in the entranceway when they arrived, shooting them a distracted smile as he looked over a stack of paperwork. John barely listened to him as he led them upstairs, explaining how the evening would progress and which repeat customers would be attending. He left them to finish their costumes in the dressing room, taking their coats and shouting back over his shoulder at them to meet him in the performance room when they were ready.
Slughorn’s expression turned troubled as he pulled out his wand, stirring the potion that Cecelia had been preparing nearly single-handedly from the instructions given to her.  “Not at that time, no.  My time at Hogwarts has been fraught with regret and bad choices.  I worked here once long ago, before either of you were born, and made the unfortunate choice to discuss very dangerous dark magic with a student named Tom Riddle.”
“Sherlock, for heaven’s sake!” Mrs. Hudson cried, setting down the tea with an irritated chink and a sigh.  “That poor man has had to put to rest far too many people in his life, yourself included.  Show him your respect.”
“Besides, I can’t just pair you up with anyone,” Niall added. “The inherit connection between the two individuals is vital to the storytelling. Plus, we have a strict policy that the week’s pairing are at least friends and have a stable personal relationship for their own safety. I can’t risk anything happening that someone doesn’t consent to do and putting strangers together makes that even more uncertain.”
Before John could reply, a sharp crack echoed through the flat, causing them both to jump.  Sherlock hunched over the edge of the couch, using his chest and arms to shield Cecelia.  Cecelia, meanwhile, let out a joyful squeal at the sound, tiny hands clapping and pointing at the figure that had suddenly appeared in the room.  John recovered from the shock next, jumping to his feet to seize the young man into a tight hug.  The hug was returned with enthusiasm and a laugh that caused Sherlock to finally glance up.
The grin on John’s face morphed into a smirk, his eyes darkening slightly as he followed Sherlock’s retreating mouth.  “Oh, I’m sure we can figure something out.”
Sherlock nodded and moved Cecelia off his shoulder.  “As I told you yesterday, I’ve never been involved in anything close to a real relationship.  Dates, occasionally, and moments I suppose you could refer to as one night stands – “
“Mycroft, please.”  He sat and glanced between John and James.  “Why do I suspect I am about to be subjected to some sort of intervention?  I must admit, this is not what I expected when you asked to meet, John.”
“Exactly,” Doyle broke in.  He petted Cecelia’s hair and she clenched her eyes shut, a few tears starting to fall down her cheeks.  Both John and Sherlock took a step toward him, but the moment they moved Doyle shifted until Cecelia hung more precariously over the edge.  “Ah ah, gentlemen, not so fast.  Stay exactly where you are or I’ll be forced to do something quite unfortunate.”
Check it out, Baby Watson has a name!  The prologue had a teeny hint, but you finally know what I named the little darling.  I chose Cecelia both because I really like the name and because it has a lovely equivalent - Síleas - in Scot.  I like the idea of John wanting to further his mother's Scottish legacy by naming his daughter after her and occasionally calling her that.  ^.^
Cecelia lay rolling onto her stomach in her crib just as John walked in.  Sherlock, meanwhile, sat in the rocking chair beside her, his head tilted almost completely onto his shoulder and his mouth hanging slightly open.  A yellow blanket sat draped over one of his legs, almost falling to the floor, and an empty baby bottle slipped nearly out of his right hand.  As Cecelia gurgled at John, the noise startled a soft snore from Sherlock that jostled the bottle to the floor.  The plush rug silenced its fall and he slept on.
, all made of a silky black fabric with gold decorations. The bottoms were simply a pair of very short shorts, smaller than John would even wear at the beach. The edges were trimmed with golden bands, with two lines running down the outside of both legs. John was most surprised by the other two pieces, which he quickly realised he would need help putting on. One seemed to be similar to the underbust corset Sherlock wore a few days ago, coming up to a curved point just below the bottom of John’s breastbone. It would overlap the shorts slightly once John put it on, the curved vee of the bottom mimicking the top. It also had gold trimmed edges, with buckles fastened with shiny buttons down each side and a twisting gold vine embroidery down the centre connecting the sides to the front. The top looked like a cropped jacket, another gold trimmed buckle for a front clasp and sleeves that went to his shoulders but no further. The high neck led to more buckles on the shoulders and John suspected it would sit just high enough on him to show a few inches of skin and hint at what was below.
Sherlock snorted and crossed his arms, not unlike a petulant child.  “You probably knew of this whole case the entire time and purposefully kept it from me.  You should know by now, Mycroft, that if it’s to do with John, I’ll always manage to find my way in.”
They shot down Baker Street and headed toward the congestion of Marylebone Road.  With the ease of someone who was nearly a single entity with his machine, Sherlock weaved them through the traffic, darting between cars, cabs, buses, and bikes with inches to spare.  John attempted to laugh, but the noise caught in his throat as the wind flashed past them.  For once he wished they were out of the city; passing through fields flanking single lane roads, sheep docily ignoring them as they rushed past with helmets carelessly tossed into the wind to allow the air to pass freely across their faces and through their hair.  Though he knew it was a foolish thought purely for safety, he felt himself longing that they could have the closeness that a lack of helmets would provide.
John broke out in a smile, pulling Sherlock in for a kiss.  He lingered for a moment, barely pulling away far enough to speak his words against Sherlock’s mouth.  “Thank you, love.  This means a lot.  It’s been years since I’ve been able to use my magic to heal.”
“John, please,” Sherlock begged, both of his eyes clenching shut as John ran his tongue against the vein along the side of his cock.  The corner of John’s mouth ticked up in amusement and he swallowed Sherlock down fully, causing Sherlock’s hips to jolt and his head to fall back.  John hollowed his cheeks and swallowed, his hand that rested under Sherlock’s leg travelling upward under his dressing gown to rub along the crease between his pants and his arse.  Sherlock lifted his right leg to settle carefully over John’s shoulder as he panted up at the ceiling, his toes curling into the open air as he fought to push himself deeper with his arms and straining left leg.  John gripped his thigh in a desperate hold to pull him in better and Sherlock let out a yelp of warning before shuddering down John’s throat.
She was interrupted by a whimpering mewl from the baby monitor on her bedside.  Groaning slightly, she made to rise before a hand slowly shot out to stop her.  “No, wait,” John said as he sat up and blinked his eyes in an attempt to rouse his mind.  “You got her three times last night, let me.”
“No, I’m doing it,” John said firmly, cutting him off. “I’m the only one I’d trust to do this sort of thing with you, Sherlock. I know it’s not your thing and if you insist on doing it, then you’ll be doing it with me or not at all. Besides,” he added, attempting to crack a smile, “we’ve been in worse situations than this. At least here we’ll be the ones in control of what happens, and neither of us will do anything we don’t want.”
He managed to stop himself before he completely fell off, his elbow catching on the coffee table and slowing him enough to reach out a hand to brace himself.  He ended up with his top half on the floor, one of his shoulders digging into the carpet.  Sherlock, meanwhile, let out a yelp and would have followed if John hadn’t wrapped his ankles around Sherlock’s to anchor him in place.  As it was, he’d turned slightly as they tumbled, using a hand to grab the coffee table so that only his bared shoulder followed John’s descent to the floor.  He wiggled his waist around in John’s lap in an attempt to right himself, causing John to groan and him to freeze.
As Sherlock continued to explain, John snaked a hand around Cecelia to link his with Sherlock’s.  He stuttered briefly in his speech, but when John squeezed his fingers he spotted a lift at the corner of Sherlock’s lips right before he continued.
“Obviously that has made no difference,” Dumbledore interjected.  Sherlock frowned up at the portrait and Dumbledore continued.  “Although, as far as we know, the quill has never been wrong before, you still have managed to perform more magic than any Muggle has before.  Regardless of the quill’s beliefs, you have proven that it was incorrect simply in being able to gain a wand and perform magic on your own.  Despite expectations, your skill has forced itself to be known.”
John readjusted steady grip on his wand, shooting out his free arm to make sure Sherlock remained behind him. "We only learned about Jones and Travers a few hours ago. They had only just found Yaxley and Rosier a bit before we got to Azkaban."
“Ask her straightforwardly, I suppose,” he replied with a shrug.  “Show her my wand.  Find out if there was some sort of option for them about whether or not I should go or if it was purely the quill’s choice.”
John paled and rubbed the back of his neck.  “Fuck.  How did I not know?  Or notice?  I would have kicked his arse if I had, to hell with the job.”
The next morning, John found himself alone once again.  His determination to discuss the issue with Sherlock grew as he set about readying himself for the day.  When he didn’t find Sherlock in the kitchen or sitting room, he made two mugs of tea and headed up to Cecelia’s room.
“He does that.  More often than not, actually.”  His smile turned soft as he glanced down at Cecelia still in Teddy’s arms.  “I’d be careful, he’s likely to come back and snatch her away from you.  He claims he can think more clearly with her nearby.”
“We have met,” Sherlock confirmed, no question in his statement.  He glared at him with narrowed eyes that flicked across him with lightning speed as he studied him from head to toe.
“That was absolutely brilliant,” John breathed, causing the man’s face to turn bright pink.  “Seriously, mental but brilliant.”
“You couldn’t,” Sherlock insisted, resting his hands on John’s waist.  He squeezed briefly and tightened his hold.  “You’d never be able to fuck it up.”
“Bellatrix isn’t, but I think Rodolphus is in Azkaban.  I’m sorry, I don’t know anything about your other brother.”
John’s smile widened, pausing for half a second to consider.  He turned to face the skull on its usual place on the mantle and, with the practiced ease of a man in his element, gave an arched swish and flick with a muttered, “Wingardium Leviosa.”  Instantly the skull shot into the air and floated to come and rest on Sherlock’s lap at John’s guiding.  The childlike wonder that spread across Sherlock face caused a flood of warmth to spread through John.
…are you…”  Before he could finish his sentence, her arms waved again and the mobile spun, causing the shapes to dance above her and make her giggle.  She clapped her hands and the speed slowed, steadily moving and changing colours in rapid succession.
“Professor,” John nodded back, smile still plastered to his face.  “You are as well.  I admit I’m a bit surprised to see you still at Hogwarts.”
“Hogsmeade village,” Sherlock muttered under his breath to no one in particular.  “The only all wizarding community in Great Britain.  This is a legendary moment, John, the fact that a Muggle has managed to be Apparated here, of all places.  Not even the parents of Muggleborns usually make it to the village, even though they are often on the Hogwarts grounds for the yearly graduation ceremony.  Apparently they have records of all of the Muggles who have ever set foot in the town and it doesn’t even number in the dozens.  I must find the opportunity to come back during the day and observe the happenings.”
“Good evening, Ringmaster,” she purred, the tiniest smile coming to her lips as he straightened. “Your circus is gushed over across half the countryside, it seems – I’m looking forward to this evening’s performance.”
Once he had Sherlock quivering against him, John let his hands lurk lower.  With the amount of oil already in the tub, he was able to grip Sherlock’s cock in a slick and easy hold.  It twitched the instant he touched it, Sherlock letting out a sound that was half sigh and half groan at the relief.  John allowed him a few quick tugs before moving away, massaging away the tension that had developed in Sherlock’s legs.  Sherlock huffed in irritation and placed his hands over John’s, attempting to move them back where he wanted.  Instead of cooperating, John took both of his hands up in one of his, guiding them over John’s shoulders to cup the back of his head.  He squeezed his wrists in a silent demand that they remain there and Sherlock brought one up to tangle in John’s hair.
“Da, Papa!  Grandmum Weasley sent me a new jumper too!”  John took it to study it better and she instantly rushed back to her pile.  The jumper was a lilac purple, the giant knitted c in the middle a darker shade.  He folded it back into a square and rested it on his lap with a shake of his head.
“The Museum of London?” he asked, staring down at John with furrowed brows.  “What could possibly be romantic about the Museum of London?”
John let out a sigh.  “You’re right.  I’m sorry.  I’m just agitated with myself for not knowing it was going on.  I should have been paying more attention.”
John drove steadily down the familiar gravel roads, still covered in the same patterns of rocks and roots he remembered from his youth.  The town only had two cemeteries, having finally outgrown the plot in the east when John was in the military, and he had distinct memories of dares with his friends to enter the area at night, made eerie by the lack of street lamps and massive trees turned murderous by starlight and moon beam.  It was beside one of these enormous trees, an apple that had stopped properly flowering long before the plot was purchased, that his parents resided.
John started to unbury Cecelia from her hat and coat, setting her on his lap when he was done.  “That’s the one.  I’m hoping that the two of you might be able to talk and help me fix something between him and Sherlock.  The situation’s not completely the same as everything you’ve gone through, obviously, but I think you might be able to understand and possibly give us a hand in figuring out what to do next.”
“Their biggest connection is me,” John replied in an equally low voice.  “But that doesn’t explain – “
Nodding, Sherlock reached over the arm of his chair to snatch up a book and began rifling through it.  “I’m aware that animagi are required to register with the Ministry of Magic, but I see nothing about whether the same is true for metamorphmagi.”
John sighed and rubbed at the back of his neck.  “Look, Sherlock, if you don’t want to share a bed, that’s fine.  I can figure something out in Cecelia’s room if necessary.  But I just figured…well, with how things have been…I just thought that was what you wanted, but I guess I shouldn’t have assumed anything without asking first.”
“Pleasure to meet you,” Ron replied, grinning widely between them.  He waved toward the direction where they originally had been headed.  “I’d love to stay and chat the day away with you blokes, but unfortunately I’ve got a shop to run.  You headed into Diagon Alley?”
Frowning, John shot Cecelia a look.  As they watched, she opened and closed her fists in the air above her, eyes on the mobile.  As soon as she did, the figures became violet.  John gasped, his hand falling away from Sherlock in shock.
“This is more than just a usual dinner date.”  Sherlock scanned what he could see of John, which thankfully didn’t include the odd, lumpy shape of the ring pouch in his trouser pocket.  “You’re acting peculiar.  And since when do we get free things without doing anything to gain gratitude for them first?  I haven’t said more than half a dozen words to…whatever it is her name is, I’ve deleted it, so why would she bring us free drinks?”  His face smoothed out for a moment as a thought came to him before it twisted into a scowl.  “Does she not realise that we are a romantic couple?  Quick, John, while she’s looking, kiss me before she – “
“Hopefully it’ll be worth it in the end,” John sighed, keeping an eye on the door.  “Who’s this, then?”
“Figured it out yet, then?” he asked, watching Sherlock frown but squeeze his hand back.  When he didn’t respond, John dragged him across the street and up a short escalator, eventually leading him to an open air walkway above the street.  Sherlock squinted at the sign overhead, pulling John to a stop as his frown deepened.
“Right, so maybe let’s not use a bow as a substitute for a wand.”  Rubbing the back of his neck, John watched Sherlock replace the bow to its rightful place.  “You know, McGonagall said she would talk to Ollivander about making sure you could get your wand whenever you wanted.  All it would take is a chat in the Floo or a quick owl to make sure it’s all settled and we could head down to his shop.  It’s in London even – we’d only need to go down to Charing Cross – “
The others began to trickle back outside, carrying trays of various pastries and accompaniments for the drinks.  Sherlock had a grand time trying each of Molly’s special treats, much to her pleasure.  As Cecelia’s bedtime passed, however, John felt himself getting anxious to return home.  He tried not to miss putting her to bed as much as possible, enjoying the comfortable domesticity of getting her ready to sleep, usually with Sherlock at his side.  Sherlock began shifting in his seat at the same time, obviously anxious to get home as well.  They made their excuses as the table was cleared and were stopped as they made their way to the front door by Molly.
“Oh, of course not,” she said, turning back to face the graves.  Her voice rang thick with painful sarcasm.  “Heaven forbid you take all of the blame.”
“Hi, I’m John!” he declared.  He shuffled his chair close enough that they were nearly sitting on top of one another.  “Miss Hart said we’re gonna be paired up for the assignmen’.  We gotta talk about candy canes!  What’s your name?  Do you wanna be friends?”
Sherlock barely stopped himself from punching him by reminding himself that doing so would do John more harm than anything else.  Instead, he used the now open space between them to step fully out of the aisle and into the library proper.  “I’d say that if you had any decency, you would refrain from forcing yourself on obviously disinterested parties, but clearly you would respect my words no more than you do faithful relationships.  This is your first and final warning: I am not nor will I ever be interested in pursuing
Spotting the scar that branched across John’s shoulder, Sherlock paused and narrowed in on it.  His eyes flicked between it and John’s eyes, seeking approval to explore further.  John sent him a small nod of encouragement and instantly Sherlock lifted a hand to it.
“You should talk to Madam Hooch about helping out with the Hufflepuff team sometime,” Albus said once he got his breath back.  “They could use it.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and reluctantly pulled the puzzle box toward him, shoving the pieces into it with more force than was necessary to illustrate his displeasure.  Miss Jones left him alone to organize the other children and let Miss Hart’s class in.  By the time Sherlock had put the box on the shelf where it belonged and returned to his table, another student sat at the seat next to his chair.  His legs hung above the floor, causing him to swing his feet back and forth erratically.  He clutched the side of the seat and his blonde head darted around, searching for his partner.  Sherlock huffed and squared his shoulders, approaching the table with his head held high.
“Yeah, I don’t understand it any more than you do, honestly.  It’s just sort of always how it’s been.  I’ve never heard of magic working with technology or anything like that, but I’ve also never heard of anyone trying to make them work together.  Can you imagine if it did, though?  Wi-Fi at Hogwarts, using a mobile for spells, connecting your potion to your laptop to track its progress…if someone could get it to work, it could revitalize the wizarding world and how things are done.”
“Bit of both,” John replied, moving a hand down to unbutton Sherlock’s fly and pull down the zip.  As he expected from the look of the jeans, he met hot, bare skin rather than the usual pair of pants.  He wrapped his fingers around the interested tip of Sherlock’s cock and twirled his thumb thoughtfully around it.  Sherlock shuddered and thrust his hips up further into John’s grip in response, attempting to shimmy his jeans down to give John better access.  John stilled him with a hand flat against his hip, but he did help shuffle the trousers down just enough so that Sherlock’s bare arse rested on the leather seat.  Sweat that pooled at his lower back squeaked as John settled him further up on the bike and the sound was nearly as satisfying as the noises coming from Sherlock’s mouth.
“Dull,” Sherlock repeated, raising his head only long enough to grunt at Mrs. Hudson’s offering.  “Group of idiotic admirers of his attempting to bring back his ghost, simply a matter of tracking the whole lot down.  Though I admit I was impressed by how far their reach had gotten before they made their move, it’s hardly surprising.  My brother ought to have expected as much if he truly was paying attention.”
“She brought biscuits.”  Sherlock nodded at the desk and John noticed a floral tin that hadn’t been there before.  “I also believe there are scones in the oven downstairs, but I think she’s saving those for the morning.  She, ah, may have made sure that I had food suitable for more than just Cecelia, which I hadn’t realized until earlier.”
“John, wha –“  Before Sherlock could finish his question, John leaned against Sherlock’s thighs to settle between his feet.  He shifted around until he sat under Sherlock, one leg bent at his side for comfort and the opposite knee bent up to balance himself.  He slid a hand back up Sherlock’s groin once he settled, staring up at him as he lightly toyed with the outline of his cock.  Sherlock’s mouth gaped open as he stared down at John, his grip on his mobile slipping until it clattered to the floor.
“Hmm…perhaps…” Ollivander muttered to himself under his breath, darting down a row of different shelves and squinting at them.  He shot Sherlock a look before replacing the first wand and pulling down another.  He started to turn back before freezing in his tracks, snatching up a nearby stepstool and dragging it further down the aisle.  He climbed to the top of it once he’d placed it to his satisfaction and reached up on tiptoes, his fingers tapping from box to box as he searched.  Finally he grabbed a second wand and descended, coming back to place both of them before Sherlock.
“Excellent!  Let me just grab everything we’ll need…”  As Slughorn dug around through his shelves of supplies, Sherlock conjured a back to one of the stools to make it sturdier.  Once certain it wouldn’t collapse, he lifted Cecelia up into it and pushed her towards the table.  When sat flat on her bum, she could nearly rest her chin on the tabletop.  Slughorn chuckled as he brought over their cauldron of supplies, giving his wand a wave once his hands were free.  Her seat gradually rose until she could sit at the table properly, instantly reaching out to pull the cauldron closer.
Mary nodded, her forehead rubbing against his bad shoulder with the movement.  John tried not to flinch, but given where his mind had been, it wasn’t a surprise that the motion caused a sensitive flashback jolting through him that he fought to subdue.  Luckily he was saved from a most likely uncomfortable discussion of how this trip wouldn’t do his still occasionally troubled mind much good by the sounds of a newly waking infant.
“Just to sleep,” John instantly reassured, ducking his head in an attempt to meet Sherlock’s eyes.  Sherlock, meanwhile, shifted his gaze away to avoid it.  “Really, that’s all.  I wouldn’t…we’ve barely even just gotten together, love, there’s no rush into anything at all.”
“Blood traitor,” Sherlock muttered as his eyes roved back up to the etching.  He turned to shoot a glance over at John.  “Mean anything specific to anyone, other than the obvious?”
“That’s it,” he muttered, beaming down at the wand.  “This is the one.  That’s exactly what I was imagining it would do.”
“John, wait.”  Harry reached out and snatched at his elbow in a mirror of his previous move, causing him to jerk harshly away and tense in preparation for a physical altercation.  She released him almost instantly, realizing how the action may have seemed, and held up her hands in a sign of surrender.  “John, seriously, that’s not what I meant at all.  You know how I am – my mouth speaks before giving my brain the chance to tell it off, it always has.  Your powers are amazing…I’ve been jealous since the day that letter arrived, wondering why I wasn’t good enough, why no matter how hard I tried it was always you who was the best of us, the smartest, the kindest…I’m sorry, really I am, I just meant – “
John barked out a laugh and pulled Teddy into another hug, slightly less firm than the first due to the baby between them.  “You fucking aren’t,” he muttered in Teddy’s ear, though Teddy could tell from John’s tone that he was more surprised than disapproving.  “We’ve all been waiting for this for practically fourteen years!”
“Good luck, John.  Stop by any time – we’ve missed seeing you around more often.  It was a pleasure to meet you, Sherlock.”
John Watson groaned, one hand in his own hair and the other grasping around in the blankets around him.  He soon discovered the bump underneath them that was moving in steady up and down motions and clutched at it desperately through the fabric.  Sliding his other hand down the side of his face and neck to tuck it below the blanket, he guided it to the figure between his legs.  Fingers found a mass of curls and he dug into them, causing a muffled moan to sneak out from the opening in the blanket his arm had made.
*rising out of the dust like Mushu in Mulan* I LIIIIIIVE.  Yeah, I know, it's been ages, and I am sorry.  Between the holidays and some personal drama at the beginning of the month, it's been a struggle to motivate myself.  I was hoping to get this up yesterday on the actual January 29th anniversary, but this is close enough.  This is another chapter where I'm gonna give you another big old TRIGGER WARNING for harassment and very slight unwanted touching from Doyle because he's a dick.  This will be the second to last chapter where that is included, so not too much more to go.  We're about to get into the Real Drama soon and boy oh boy am I excited.
“It sounds as though you are opening up the opportunity for all sorts of mischief,” Sherlock commented, tapping his lips. “How are you managing to keep control of the situation?”
five minutes, understand?  You’ll feel yourself being pulled away, sort of a bit like a fish on a line, and it’ll send you to Harry’s house.  I’ve already put a fairly strong Griping Charm on the wrap, but you’ll want to take hold of Cecy pretty firmly just in case.  The spell will transport both of you, but you’ll take the brunt of the pressure of it.”
“You underestimate me, Sherlock Holmes,” she chided, taking another sedate sip of tea.  “I must admit that your prejudice toward the elderly surprises me.”
“Together,” Sherlock repeated.  His eyes were soft as he shot John a tiny grin.  “Does this count as our first fight?  Does that mean we can move on to the makeup sex?”
Harry nodded his thanks before leading the other Auror out and down the corridor.  Once they were gone, Sherlock allowed his head to fall down between his shoulders and rubbed at the back of his neck.  John approached him and rubbed his arm, guiding his head down onto his own shoulder.  Sherlock went willingly, tucking himself against John’s front.
Sherlock threw his head back against the tank with a sigh, one of his hands absentmindedly running up and down John’s chest and stomach.  During one of his lower passes, he rediscovered John’s own bulge and his drowsy eyes lit up in interest.  He shot up in his seat to properly straddle the bike backwards, one of his hands tangling into John’s hair to pull him forward for a kiss while the other forced its way into John’s trousers.  Opening them just enough to wrap his fingers fully around John’s cock, he gave it a single long pull and grinned against John’s mouth as he groaned at the movement.
John’s face was lowered so he could stare down at Cecelia, but his shoulders and back were fixed into his strong military stance.  It was almost as if the move, from long ignored familiarity, and Sherlock’s hand in his kept him firmly set to his spot rather than crumpled on the floor.  “I figured that, but it couldn’t hurt to ask,” he said, his words directed toward Snape though he spoke down at Cecelia.  “Thank you, though, Severus.  You’ve been an amazing help.”
As Harry tucked the camera away in his robes, one of his Aurors raced into the hospital wing, flustered and panicked.  Sherlock narrowed his eyes as the man approached before letting out an annoyed huff.  “Seriously, even Aurors?” he snapped before the man had a chance to say anything.  “I expected wizards to be more competent than Muggles purely from their added advantage of magical ability, but clearly it is the entire police force as a whole that is useless.”
“An excellent suggestion.  Coincidentally, this may have a connection to what I originally called you at Baker Street about.  What did Mr. Holmes tell you of my visit?”
– he had to forgo his trousers and shirt, leaving him striding through the flat in nothing but that fucking dressing gown and a pair of tight, dark pants that clung to him as well as one of his shirts.  Really, what came about as a result was no one’s fault but Sherlock’s own.
“Two, three days ago, I suppose,” Sherlock muttered, running a single finger over Cecelia’s eyebrows.  The soft touch made her squirm in her sleep, letting out an inquiring coo that brought a delicate smile to Sherlock’s face.  John chose to ignore the fluttering feeling of happiness that nestled comfortably in his stomach whenever Sherlock looked at Cecelia in that way.
“That’s fine.”  John studied Sherlock, his movements nervous as he moved over to Cecelia to make sure she stayed within her pillow fort.  She’d hardly moved from her original spot, continuing to slam and skid her train across the blanket.  Regardless, he adjusted the pillows needlessly, refusing to turn and look at John.  Frowning, John glanced at the desk behind him and snatched up a pen.  “Here, give this a try instead.  It didn’t look like you really needed much practice anyway, so you should be able to move on to trying it with my wand in a mo.”
John took his hand and gave it a squeeze before stepping in front of everyone.  The room quickly fell silent except for Cecelia humming to herself as she lay on her stomach on the floor, kicking her feet and colouring with Thor at her side.  Everyone else watched John expectantly and Sherlock placed himself close to John’s side for reassurance.
Without replying verbally, Mary pulled up her sleeve to reveal her right forearm. Against the pale skin was the skull and snake, standing out in stark relief in the moonlight. Although Sherlock itched to inspect it closer, he remained solidly at John's side. Even from the distance, he could see the lines along the edges of the Mark morph along her skin as though it was always there, more natural than any Muggle tattoo and significantly more permanent. Yet even as they watched, the skin along her arm wavered and rippled. Quicker than it likely took for the Mark to first be placed, the skin on her arm cleared back to its normal solid peach as though it never existed. Though they knew she was a metamorphmagus, having such solid proof of seeing it happen before their eyes was still a shock.
John chuckled and set the tea tray aside.  “Oh, I know.  You’d think she was Sherlock’s, the way she acts sometimes.  At least we know what we’re getting into, given how long Sherlock and I have been friends.”
Neil blushed and nodded before rushing out of the hospital wing.  John grabbed his tray of supplies and made his way over to the sink in the upper corner of the room.  He cleaned everything with quick efficiency, dumping the rubbish in a bin.  Once finished, he headed back to the far corner by the windows where the beds had been pushed away and a rug spread out on the floor in their place.  Cecelia sat cross legged on the floor there, a pile of books surrounding her and one open on her lap.  She leaned over it as her finger followed the lines on the page, her nose nearly touching it.  Frowning, John knelt down at her side.
“Mary is dead,” John replied flatly.  The sadness that had taken his voice over whenever discussing her the last few weeks was finally gone.  “She explained herself first, for which I am grateful, but yeah, she’s gone.  Practically gave us her blessing before offing herself, actually.”
Sherlock shrugged and slouched down further against the lower part of his chair, tangling their outstretched legs together.  “A month?  Two?  I can’t remember anymore.  I did the ceiling last, obviously, after we got back from Hogwarts.  I’ve worked on it whenever I’ve had the chance to between cases.”
John groaned and pulled reluctantly away.  He left Sherlock on the bed and went upstairs, peering into the crib at a squirming Cecelia.  “
“We’re no better off than we were, then, at least not in finding her,” John replied, his voice hollow with resignation.  Sherlock’s hand, which still rested reassuringly on John’s shoulder, was a calming presence that sent a wave of warmth through John’s body.  Sherlock gave it a firm squeeze before he pulled it away to hang limp at his side.
The woman let out a sigh of exasperation and lowered her arms in defeat.  John chuckled and motioned the children on.  “All right, you three, come on now, listen to your mum.  I’ll visit with you in a bit, if I get the chance.  Maybe tell you a few new stories about the robber men?”  The trio let out a cheer and dashed off, continuing to yell and stomp about until the sound was abruptly cut off by the crash of a sliding door opening and closing not far away.  They could faintly hear them playing outside, but the noises made the homey scene complete.  The woman chuckled weakly and fell into a chair, motioning for Sherlock to do the same.  He did so tentatively, his instincts setting him on alert.  As he sat, he slid Cecelia from her wrap to properly hold her, an unintentional anchor as he studied the woman and John.
Niall had sat across from him and began to speak before John even noticed. It was only when he waved a hand in front of John’s face, chuckling as John shook himself out of his thoughts, that he actually joined the conversation. “God, John, if you really don’t want to do the exhibit, just say so. I’m sure Sherlock’s got other friends who could stand in for you.”
John shot out to him almost instantly, snatching at the wand and Sherlock’s elbow to steady him.  “Whoa there, Sherlock.  Look, maybe you should head to bed.  You’ve had a shock, and that Healing spell most likely took a bit out of you.”
“Other than getting a statement from Sherlock, I think we’re all set,” Harry said, keeping his eyes fixed on Sherlock throughout.  “Since Doyle’s freely admitted to everything, if you just write up a decent summary of all of the incidents with a focus on the last one, we should be great.  You all have done this enough times in the Muggle world that you know how it goes.  If I need an in person interview, I’ll let you know.”
Sherlock seemed less tentative as they waited together to go up to the performance area. They both remained silent, John trying not to pester Sherlock about whether he was okay. If Sherlock could trust John to take the lead on their first evening, John could trust him as well. He let Sherlock lead him upstairs once they were given the call to enter, easily falling behind him.
The first man saw Sherlock’s movement and turned his wand on him.  The shape of the words he was about to shout had barely even formed before John shot a shield charm at Sherlock followed directly by a stunner at the first man.  He crumbled as it hit him in the chest and John watched as the last one, sensing his inevitable defeat, dashed out into the darkness.  Sherlock, meanwhile, lay crumpled on the ground.
Sherlock sniffed and looked at him out of the corner of his eye, a small smile on his lips. “I’ve had a wide variety of cases throughout my life, John. You never know what might be required.”
As he approached their door, John caught Sherlock’s low voice speaking from somewhere in the living room and mentally groaned. Hoping he had just been caught talking to the skull and not a potential client, he pushed his way inside and let out a bark of surprised laughter.
By the time he finished his food and two pints, last call was being yelled and John knew it was time to face Sherlock. He took a bus back to their halls and hesitated at the door, unsure if he should knock or not. Shaking himself at his nervousness, he unlocked the door and stepped inside.
Sherlock smiled over his shoulder as he made his way out to the stairs to shout up at Cecelia.  “Have you remembered everything, Cecelia?  We’re leaving soon and your father and I would rather not have to come back for something when we haven’t even been gone for a day.”
It's finally time for a trip to Diagon Alley.  Along the way, a few friends from John's past show up and bring up more questions from Sherlock.
John had calmed a bit by the time he had finished stowing away everything in its proper place.  He lost nearly all of his composure when he glanced across the room and spotted Sherlock.  While the tub filled, he had shed all of his clothes, leaving them strewn in a trail from the window to the tub’s side.  He stood with his back to John as he read the labels on the Lush bags, one of his feet absentmindedly curling up to rub his opposite ankle.  The balance required to pull off his position caused his back to curve faintly and his whole body to sway slightly.  Overhead, the chandelier let off a low light that warmed Sherlock’s pale skin into a soft golden glow.  The crisscrossing echoes of his time away showed in an even starker white and John felt a sweeping rush through his midsection.  Gratefulness and an accompanying wave of affection followed in its wake and his feet carried him to Sherlock’s side.
When Scorpius said goodbye and returned to an excited Albus, John nearly beamed at Sherlock.  “Given how that conversation began, I’m quite impressed with how you handled that.  Asking them over for tea?”
At the mention of Hogwarts, Sherlock’s head shot back up once more.  “Hogwarts is a school, then.  I’d gathered as much from that McGonagall woman.  It’s the wizarding school you attended.”
Sherlock hummed his agreement and turned the page.  John wondered if he should let the matter drop, but his mouth made the decision for him.  “I noticed you’ve been skipping more meals recently.  You know how I feel about that, Sherlock.  You might not be burning calories running all about London at the moment, but that doesn’t mean you can just stop eating.  You can’t expect to live off tea and biscuits; you’re not a teenager anymore.”
John threw his arms up in the air in exasperation, his patience finally wearing out.  “Then what the hell is it, Sherlock?  What am I supposed to do to fix this if you won’t even tell me what’s the matter?  If we’re going too fast and you don’t want to…you know…take things further yet, that’s completely fine, but I need to know!”
John planted a kiss on the top of his head when he rose back to his feet to get Cecelia from her pillow fort in the sitting room.  “Knew you’d be brilliant at this,” he muttered into his ear, grinning widely at the shiver the brush of breath caused.  He winked at Sherlock as he backed into the sitting room and Sherlock rolled his eyes in reply.
Both of Dumbledore’s bushy brows rose in surprise.  “That’s interesting to hear, considering a letter was sent to the Holmes residence on your eleventh birthday, Sherlock.”
“Actually, we’ve a reservation for lunch, so the government will have to wait,” James said, facing John and Sherlock but eyeing Mycroft from the corner of his eye.  “Until then, they can take care of themselves.  I’ve got to make sure this one’s taken care of since he doesn’t see fit to do it himself.”
Sherlock leaned against the window frame in his section of the library, using the bright early October sun to help him read the tiny writing.  He sensed more than heard that he was no longer alone and glanced up, blinking away the sparkling dots from the sun’s glare.  When he didn’t notice anyone, he frowned and returned to his book.  Before he had read more than half a dozen more words, however, a warm palm suddenly settled on the hip that wasn’t resting against the window.  With a gasp, Sherlock’s head shot up and the book toppled to the floor.
“Well, we already know he’s not a wizard, so he can’t be apologizing for going to Hogwarts when you didn’t.  Unless he gave it up like I did and lives as though he’s a Muggle?”
“It’s all well regulated, I assure you. As I said, all audience members must complete a list of waivers and background checks before they are allowed admittance and no more than fifteen individuals are allowed into a nightly performance. I employ a fairly large staff that is highly trained to ensure that order is kept and everyone is safe, as well as an advanced security system that is under constant surveillance. After an unfortunate situation during our first week in Belfast, I made sure nothing untoward or unsafe would ever occur. Unfortunately, that hasn’t managed to completely stop the issues we’ve been having.”
Unwilling to turn his back on Doyle, Sherlock shifted around to place the book on the table in the centre of the aisle without looking away from him.  His position placed him closer to the aisle’s opening as well as setting the table between them.  “Research.  Shouldn’t you be in class?”
Cecelia simply blinked at her in slight confusion, taking in the woman in strange clothes in their home.  McGonagall leaned towards her, causing Cecelia’s eyes to widen and a chubby fist to reach out towards her.  With a soft smile, McGonagall offered her hand and Cecelia’s curiosity beat out her uncertainty as they met in the middle.  Automatically, Cecelia’s smooth fingers grasped one wrinkled one of McGonagall’s, fighting to bring it closer and examine it properly.
Sherlock led John to his desk, shuffling through the mess in search of something.  Hardly any part of the desk itself was visible through the notebooks, papers, and assignments that were scattered across it.  He soon found whatever it was he was looking for and turned to rest his bum against the desk’s edge as he looked it over.  John attempted not to stare at him too hard but given the sly little smirk Sherlock shot him over the top of the paper, he suspected he wasn’t entirely successful.
“That’s where I’ve started.  We know enough about metamorphmagi that Mary has to actually be a female, otherwise she wouldn’t have been able to become pregnant.  Only someone whose permanent internal organs have a female makeup can have children, even if it’s a metamorphmagus reformed into a woman.  So at least we’ve got the advantage there, since Death Eaters were more likely to be male.  We’ve got less of a list to go through.”
“Fine.  Simply marvelous.”  All of the ease that had relaxed Sherlock’s shoulders since they left the castle had returned in the few minutes John was gone, thanks to Doyle.  Now his posture hunched forward like a curly haired vulture glaring down at a meal that refused to die.  John held his hand out on the table, palm side up, and waited for Sherlock to notice it and decide if he wished to return to their comfortable companionability.  Eventually he spotted the offering and took it with a sigh, his head falling down between his shoulders.
“Ah, John, excellent, I was just about to text you,” he declared, scooping up his cell phone and pocketing it.  “Lestrade has a case, at least a seven, possibly even higher from what I can tell.  He needs us immediately.”  He dashed down the stairs, John following close behind, and called out a farewell to Mrs. Hudson as they left.  John hardly had the chance to catch up before he was climbing into a cab and they were off.
John heaved a sigh and shook his head.  “Not that I’ve seen, and Mary hasn’t mentioned noticing anything off.  My parents used to tell me that I started acting a bit off as early as six months old, so I guess we’ll just have to wait and see.  With the fact that I’m a Muggleborn and Mary’s a Muggle, the chances of her being a witch are probably pretty slim.  Honestly, I’m not sure which I’d prefer to happen – being able to share the wizarding world with Cecy would be amazing, honestly, but is it bad for me to think it would be easiest if she wasn’t?”
Coming over to the sofa as well, John lifted Sherlock’s feet so he could sit.  Instead of letting him tuck them away, he placed Sherlock’s feet in his lap and rubbed one of his ankles.  “Have you looked in that Entering Hogwarts book yet?  Maybe it’s got something about the question marks that could give you a better idea of the direction we should head in.”
"They’re your favourite,” Sherlock muttered, attempting to duck his face out of view.  “There’s one for each of us, you and Cecelia and me.  It’s a welcome home gift.”
“Never had a problem in my life,” John said and Ollivander gave him a brisk nod.  With delicate hands, he snatched up the wand from the box, eyes narrowing on it before passing it handle side first to Sherlock.
Footsteps carried across the stone room and a chair scraped across the stones.  At the same level as his eyes, the view of shifting robes and simple black shoes settled and McGonagall’s stoic face peered down at him.  Despite his discomfort and unease, John couldn’t help but grin up at her.  He hadn’t been the best at Transfiguration back at school, but he found the subject fascinating and worked at it diligently until he gained the required proficiency.  Though not typically one to be overly blunt in her praise, John sensed her pride and pleasure at his work throughout his years.
“You’re too young to have met her at school,” Sherlock muttered half to himself.  “Not to mention she went to Durmstrang, not Beauxbatons.  Unless…”
Niall simply stared at him for a long moment before picking up the bag at his feet and passing it over to John. “Well, here’s some stuff that I thought you two might be interested in using. All of the clothes are freshly laundered and you’re more than welcome to use anything of your own that you find appropriate. You can wear as much or as little as you’d like – part of the purpose here is to utilize your individual creativity. As for what you’ll need for the actual performances, I’ll have a range of appropriate items for you to choose from each evening.”
“Let’s just say we’re an incredibly exclusive programme, and have been lucky enough to find a few very willing sponsors.” With a wink, he twirled around to gesture at the room at large. “Right, we’ll start down in the meeting room with you two waiting for everyone to arrive. They’ll have about a half an hour to decide on the sort of storyline they’d like to follow for the evening and to complete their outfits. Once they’re done, they’ll join you in the meeting room for an hour of story building where the two of you will not be allowed to interact with each other whatsoever. I know that’ll make solving the case a bit more challenging, but it’s been the policy from the start and would be suspicious if we suddenly stopped now. You can mingle with whoever else you’d like otherwise, just follow their leads in regard to developing the back story. After the hour’s up, everyone will come up here for the grand performance. You can move whatever items in here you think you might need ahead of time and, as I’ve said before, the audience isn’t allowed any sort of interaction with the scene, including making noises or performing sexual acts themselves. You can take as long or little time as you’d like. Once you’re finished, everyone will return to the meeting room for another hour of mingling before the evening is complete. The rules from before will still apply, but keep in mind that you’ll be returning to the group in whatever state you end the act in as part of the full performance.”
“He hardly cared when we were waiting for your letter,” Stephen said solemnly.  “We tried to avoid talking about anything relating to it in front of either of you, but when you first started showing such strong potential – right around your sixth birthday, if I remember correctly – well, it was difficult not to be excited.  You had so much talent; it was all we could talk about for the next few months.”
“I respect John Watson highly, Mrs. Hudson, but what is the point if he isn’t nearby to appreciate it?”  With that, the bow of his violin hit the strings, instantly breaking into a lament of a song appropriate for a man in such agitation.  Mrs. Hudson sighed, making her way back down the stairs to her own flat.  She was just about to enter her kitchen when the soft sound of someone knocking at the front door caught her attention.
John chuckled wetly and shook his head.  “No, you berk.  I don’t care about the dust either.  I’m just…happy.”
“John,” Sherlock muttered.  As soon as he was sure Doyle was incapacitated, John shoved the wands into his pocket and rushed to Sherlock’s side.  He cradled his face in his hands with a gentle touch, his eyes darting madly over him in search of injuries.  Sherlock sighed as his eyes fell shut in relief and he sagged into John’s hold.  John wrapped his arms carefully around Sherlock to pull him close in a reassuring yet loose grip.  Sherlock, in contrast, gripped his hands in the front of John’s shirt and pulled him in as close as he could.
Climbing over Sherlock so that they were sitting side by side, their thighs brushing together, John took up Sherlock’s hand and rubbed his palm.  “The entire purpose of talking is to make sure it doesn’t go wrong, you know.  I didn’t mean for it to sound like a bad thing, just that I was worried and I wanted us to…I dunno, talk about what’s going on for once?  We’ve never been known for having very good luck with communication, but if we don’t try to fix it now, it’ll only get worse the longer we wait.”  He glanced off into the distance and gave Sherlock’s hand a squeeze.  “Believe me, I’ve got experience enough to know that.”
Sherlock stared hard at Mycroft.  He didn’t even blink as he stared back, eventually raising an awkward hand to place it on Sherlock’s shoulder.  At the movement, a corner of Sherlock’s mouth ticked up in a barely there smile.  Mycroft echoed it and squeezed.
“You’ve just graduated from Hogwarts this year.”  Sherlock continued his pacing, his hands resting loosely clasped behind his back.  “No immediate plans quite yet, but not too concerned.  You obviously have some sort of part time job, as well as an incredibly steady girlfriend, to keep you close to home for the time being.”
“Oh Jesus.” He dropped the shirt he held and rushed for the door, pausing at the entrance. “Are you coming?”
"My hometown, yeah. Lovely, isn't it? I haven't been back here since the day my parents died, but somehow I still remembered the way, even in the dark." John's voice was hollow, taking on the analytical tone Sherlock recognized from when he reverted into doctor mode to shut off his emotions. Neither spoke as they approached the cottage, but John shot out an arm to bring Sherlock to a halt. "You aren't going in there."
Sherlock smirked as they took their seats across from Neville and Flitwick.  Cecelia stared down the table, taking everyone in, before finally settling on Flitwick himself.  He smiled over his cup at her and winked.  “Nothing wrong with being a touch on the short side,” he commented.  “I’m part goblin myself.”  Her eyes widened impossibly more.  Flitwick turned to John before she could reply.  “John Watson, it is excellent to see you again, young man.”
“These are new,” she stated, her tone on the verge of conversational.  “Business with the consulting lunatic really going that well?”
“Met Luna, have you?” he asked.  At Sherlock’s baffled expression, John raised a brow at him.  “Yeah, she does that to people.  Don’t worry about it, she’s a bit of an original.  Good to see she’s settled down with someone, though.”
Thankfully the bedroom door was ajar, so John shifted around to shove it the rest of the way open with his back.  He barely made it to the bed before dropping Sherlock on it, causing him to bounce slightly with the force of the movement.  John went to breathe in deeply but it caught in his throat when he looked down at Sherlock
John set a harsh pace, the only thing slicking his way Sherlock’s strongly weeping cock. Sherlock couldn’t keep his hands still, grabbing at whatever parts of John he could reach as he pushed into John’s fist. John had a firm grip on Sherlock’s arse, relishing every flex of movement as Sherlock sought his release. His nails accidentally scratched the gem of the plug and John growled, moving his hand impossibly faster. It only took the work of a few minutes before he was coming mostly on his own chest, John’s name pushing out from between his lips in warning. John guided him through the orgasm, peppering kisses across his neck and shoulder to keep the praises he wished to bestow on him in check. Once Sherlock blinked back into awareness, John helped guide his legs carefully back to the floor.
“Avoiding is such a weak term for what I’ve been attempting to do with you, Doyle.”  Sherlock clenched his fists and found himself hoping that anyone would show up in the corridor and force Doyle to step away.  “Cursing your existence is far more accurate.”
“Wedding gifts, actually.  Sherlock’s brother gave them to us.  I was surprised at the sentimentality – it’s not usually the Holmes sort of thing, and Mycroft and I aren’t exactly close, but it was a lovely gesture anyway.  You like them?”
“Surely there’s a way to bring them together and make sure they both still work.”  His eyebrows contorted in thought and he sighed.  “If I knew more about magic…”
“I’d heard from Harry that you were finally back with us,” Ron said as he pulled away.  He glanced him up and down and shook his head.  “You look well yourself.  Where’ve you been keeping yourself, then?  Mum and Dad’ll be thrilled to hear you’re ‘round again, you’ll have to come over sometime.”
Pursing his lips, Ollivander paused in his organizing up to study Sherlock closer.  “I simply found the means to your end, Mr. Holmes, nothing else.  But given what Minerva told me of you, I shouldn’t be surprised a sycamore came to you.”  He set aside the boxes and took up Sherlock’s wand, holding it poised between them to observe it.  “Sycamore needs excitement and adventure, thrives on curiosity and learning, and doesn’t do well when ignored.  You’d best not bore it; otherwise you’ll find yourself with a combusting wand seeking amusement.  Give it the proper attention, however, and you’ll discover that you both will find success.”
She rose to her feet so fast that it seemed as though she were more spirit than being. The motion caused both John and Sherlock to raise their wands at her, but her own hands were empty. "I had no idea what I was doing the night I killed your parents, John. I certainly had no idea they were yours. I was following the orders of my commander, not unlike you."
“And by finished, you mean it’s all over the sitting room floor without anything being put in its proper place.”  John took Sherlock’s silence for agreement and shook his head, prodding his side lightly.  “Helpful.  I thought we could try something?  If you’re still interested in trying out magic?”  He waved the empty kettle in front of Sherlock, his eyebrows raised hopefully.
“Just let me grab some things for Cecelia and we’ll be off in a flash.”  He passed Cecelia to him and headed upstairs.  Before he had gone very far, Sherlock leaned in close to Cecelia to mutter in her ear.
John shot him the tiniest of smiles and shook his head.  “Not possible, I don’t think.  They’re delivered by owl and they’re trained not to give up until their delivery is made.  If you were meant to get a letter, they would have kept trying until you got it.  You should hear the stories Harry’s told the lot of us in the Order about him getting his; they’re determined creatures, Hogwarts delivery owls.”
As delicious as Sherlock looked the night before, John found him even more appealing that night. The sleeves of his shirt had been pushed up to just below his elbows during their activities, revealing just enough more of his tempting skin to draw John’s eyes to them. His shorts, already barely large enough to begin with, hung lower on his hips than before, the shape of his resting cock obvious since he couldn’t adjust it properly. Whether it was a trick of the light or John’s own overactive imagination, he had no idea, but John could swear he still saw the faint outline of his come covered palm on the meat of Sherlock’s thigh.
John’s eyes remained fixed on Sherlock as he moved down the row, his eyes darting back to John every few seconds.  “You know what, kid, I think I actually might.”
“Evening, madam,” he said, tipping his hat to her and grinning. Nicolette raised a well manicured eyebrow at him as she slowly raked her eyes from his head to his toes. Apparently appreciating what she saw, she offered him her hand that was draped in rings and bracelets and he leaned over it, blowing a kiss above her skin to keep to the rules of no touching.
Sherlock’s nose scrunched into a wrinkle of distaste.  “I suppose we ought to, as much as I’d rather not.  You know how revolting it is to see the pair of them together, draping over each other like a pair of overeager teenagers.”
“NEVILLE!” she cried, throwing herself at him.  He nearly toppled over as she attached herself to his leg and squeezed.  Laughter ran down the rows of students and Neville winced, prying Cecelia off of him.
Sherlock frowned at him for a long moment before he seemed to understand what John meant. He stared down at the food in his lap, pushing some of it around with his fork. “Ah, yes. Yes, I’m fine. You did an exceptional job.”
“Can I try something?” At Sherlock’s nod, John stood and held out his hand to Sherlock, ignoring his food for the time being. Surprisingly, Sherlock pushed away the knife willingly and took John’s hand, following him into the living room. John brought him over to the sofa, situating a pillow against one of the arms and sitting down to lean against it. He opened his legs to create a small space and patted the area, silently encouraging Sherlock to sit. After a brief moment, Sherlock climbed up and curled himself into a ball, his back against the couch and his head resting on John’s chest. John immediately wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s back, one of his hands coming up to play with the wisps of hair at the back of his neck.
They continued for another few minutes, Sherlock leading with John lighting the way.  Eventually they trudged through a tiny clearing, hardly large enough to be considered more than a break in the trees.  Sherlock’s head darted about like a dog on the hunt searching out his prey as he surveyed the area.  He gave a decisive nod and dragged John back into the undergrowth, nearly tripping him as he pulled him down to kneel on the spongy grass below.  John considered asking questions about what exactly they were getting into here, but a glance at the focused expression on Sherlock’s face told him the man was in his mind palace.  He took the moment to watch him in the near darkness, only part of his face visible in the bits of starlight fighting their way through the branches.  The lack of light only helped to accentuate the sharp dips and curves of his face, and the slight twitches across his skin as he thought danced in the beams.  John noticed the signs of Sherlock returning to the present in enough time to school his expression into thoughtful consideration, so that when he turned to glance at John he was simply studying the clearing silently.
Sherlock threw his arms into the air and groaned.  “Convince it to come out, like my magic’s some scared animal cowering in the corner waiting to be beaten into submission?  What do you think we’ve been trying to do all this time, John?  It isn’t working; it doesn’t
The boys pay Mummy and Dad Holmes a visit to learn more about Mummy's background.  Questions about Mycroft pop up and make things even more complicated.
Eventually John’s breathing evened out enough for him to raise his head, though his face was still startlingly pale.  “I’ve seen this exactly twice,” he managed to blurt out, his voice thick with disgust.  “The last time was when a young woman had the same word burned into her forearm as a form of torture.  The other was when I found my parents.”
John stared into the fire, refusing to look at Sherlock as he spoke in case he decided to read more into him than he was prepared for.  “There was a wizard, years ago, that decided to try to take power over the wizarding world.  Tom Riddle, more commonly known as Lord Voldemort.  He was supposedly defeated once, back before I’d ever gotten into everything, by a man named Harry Potter.  Well, I say man – at the time, Harry was only a one-year-old baby.”  John paused to crick his head thoughtfully, a furrow growing between his eyebrows.  “Haven’t really thought much into what that must have been like.  I never met Lily and James, Harry’s parents, but I know plenty of people who were close to them.  It’s strange to think of someone not much older than Cecelia managing to destroy the greatest dark wizard of our time.”  John shook himself from his brief reverie to continue.  “Anyway, that was that, as far as anyone could tell, and a few years later I was at Hogwarts.  I decided to train as a Healer, their version of a doctor, and was considering how to train as a Muggle doctor as well when he came back.”
“You didn’t have to do that,” Sherlock said quietly as he caught his breath. John still stood close in his space, bracketing him against the wall with his body.
“It’s beautiful, darling.”  She passed it back to him and the lines of her face grew soft to see Sherlock holding it.  “I’m so sorry we never told you.  When the second letter didn’t come, we just assumed it was for the best that we never said anything.  If we’d known you could genuinely perform magic, we would have fought harder to know why you couldn’t attend.”
“Merely a professor, Mr. Holmes, thank you,” she replied, fully entering the room and settling herself on the very edge of John’s armchair.  “I’m afraid my field of expertise hardly ever goes on to the level of that sort of mastery.”
Sherlock shrugged and stopped them in front of one of the many music shops on the road to study the instruments displayed in the window.  “It seems more appropriate.  We wouldn’t have found out about my magic without me learning about yours first.  Of course, if you’d like me to come with you I will, but you would be more suited to actually explaining the situation to her.”
detective inspector.”  Greg elbowed John’s free side and grinned.  “Not to worry, John’s forgiven me for having a piece of shit family.”
“What did you do, Mycroft?”  Sherlock’s voice shook in his anger and he flexed his fingers on his wand.  Mycroft ignored the offensive position he had taken and took a step closer to Sherlock.  His face, the most open John had ever seen it, was contorted in pain.
The last week of classes before finals, John’s organic chemistry class was released early. Knowing Sherlock was free that afternoon, John set off with a particular spring to his step, looking forward to spending what usually would have been an excruciatingly tiresome afternoon studying with Sherlock instead. He stopped at the coffee shop around the corner from their building, picking up a peppermint hot chocolate to surprise Sherlock. Their drinks balanced in his elbow, he took the stairs two at a time, digging around in his pocket for his key as he went. The jingling covered any noise from the other side of the door, causing John to miss the soft sounds from inside that might have made him pause. Instead, he used his shoulder to push his way in, Sherlock’s name on his lips before it puttered off into a gasp of shock.
“I didn’t expect you to want to,” John said, his eyes darting from his face to his flushed cock. “So you’re just…not?”
“It’s just.”  He shook his head and straightened, spinning around to face John and lean back against the counter.  He kept his eyes downcast and bit his bottom lip, toying with it with his teeth.  “Nothing I’ve tried has worked.  This isn’t the first time I’ve attempted a potion and it’s ended badly.  None of this is working, even when I use my own wand rather than yours.”
John turned thoughtful.  “Like I said, they’re not common and the last I knew we didn’t know much about them.  But I may be able to get you a firsthand account.”
“You good?” he asked, giving him a slight nudge and walking towards the entrance.  Sherlock quickly followed.
“Sherlock,” John interrupted, picking up the note and turning back to him. Sherlock straightened sharply from the sink where he was washing his hands and dried them with a shake, approaching John with a frown. He snatched up the paper and unfolded it, John coming to stand at his side to read along with him.
“Both me and Mary, actually – wait, hold on.”  John tugged at his hair, a trait he’d picked up from Sherlock over time, and successfully ruined the swooped back look he had been favouring recently.  “If you’ve known for God only knows how long, why haven’t you said anything about it?!”
“We’ve been learning about how different families celebrate the holidays,” Sherlock explained, handing John a folder decorated with cat stickers and various shades of blue sparkles.  John recognized Olivia’s particular touch to it and grinned as he opened it to flip through what was inside.  “We’ve covered most of the basics, like food and places to visit, but today’s assignment involves special activities with parents or guardians.  That’s one of the reasons why I particularly hoped one of the children’s parents could come in today.”
Her eyes grew wide in surprise and she glanced around before realising that Sherlock meant for her to approach.  She tentatively walked over and he patted the stool next to him, waiting patiently for her to sit.  When she did, he passed his mobile to her and began to explain it in depth.  She ran a finger over the buttons, her mouth round in fascination, and they quickly drew a crowd of interested bystanders.  His sandwich forgotten, Sherlock explained to the small group the purposes of his mobile and his hopes to eventually make it work in the magical world.
Sherlock quirked his lips and seamlessly waved the wand in the correct motion, stating in a clear voice, “Wingardium Leviosa!”  The book he pointed at shook and, for the first time since they’d started to practice, gradually rose into the air.  John heard Sherlock let out a gasp and his arm fell to his side in shock.  The book followed the motion, landing on the table with a thud that seemed as loud as an explosion in the quiet of the room.
“I don’t think I’ve ever seen you look so nervous about going to dinner before,” he remarked as he laced their fingers together.  Sherlock hummed as though he was indifferent, but John could feel his slightly sweaty palm.
Sherlock met his eyes once more and nodded, his face set in focused determination.  He removed his hand and replaced it with his mouth.  Using his lips to keep his teeth covered, he licked around the outside and into the middle of the scar.  John nearly bucked him off from the surprising sensation, but managed to encourage him to continue with a fierce grip on Sherlock’s elbow that rested next to his arm.  Sherlock shifted around and gripped his hand, linking their fingers together, and continued his assault on his shoulder.  Between them, John’s erection jumped in the confines of his jeans.  He attempted to shimmy a hand down to undo his fly without disrupting Sherlock’s focus, but Sherlock felt the movement and broke away slightly to take a breath.
Hermione flushed at the compliments.  “It’s a challenge, but surprisingly I’ve enjoyed it.  Kingsley did half of the hard work for me by revamping the entire Ministry for the better.  He deserves his peaceful retirement.”
Expressive brows tilted down in confusion, but he shifted his position to hold himself up on one hand to reach one of his out to John.  Their palms and fingertips brushed, John’s calluses catching against smooth skin, and John gasped.  The creature’s eyes shot up at the sound, the corner of his mouth curving into a concerned frown, but John smiled back.  Tentatively, the creature copied him until they were both grinning dopily at one another.
They grinned at each other before racing to the bedroom, both of them shedding their clothes as they went.
The motion was small, but John could tell that Sherlock began clutching Cecelia slightly tighter at the mention of Dementors.  “I can unabashedly say that I can happily go my entire life without meeting one of those particular creatures.”
#notdead.  Yeah, I'm one of those "doesn't update for months for no reason" kind of people. Buuuuuut I just ordered a commission for part of a scene from this story from one of my favorite Sherlock fanartists (just gonna leave it at that for now, but you'll definitely know when it is done), so I convinced myself that I had to finish editing and posting this before that was done. Ergo, chapter eleven. Only one more to go after this. I'll be honest, once this is done, I'm not sure when I'll have time to get to the sequel. I'm moving to London, England next month to start working on my Masters, so time will not be readily available. I vow to you, however, that this story will be completed before I go. You will, my friend, at least have this. As always, thank you for your kind words and kudos, and let me know what you think.
“Dear gentlemen,” it read in a typewriter style font. “Oh, how I have been looking forward to a moment such as this. A rugged man of the world, unassuming from his outward appearance but possessing of the prowess and gifts of men a thousand times more intimidating. A delicate yet brash creature of steel yearning for the care and punishment of a true man’s hands and cock. What a gift to be given to us, this opportunity to watch one man possess the other in all ways, owning and reveling in forbidden skin. I look forward to a week of ecstasy and the chance to lord over two such imposing yet fragile men.”
He always hated how early it would get dark during the winter.  London boasted fairly grey skies this time of year that occasionally hinted at snow and provided rain instead, so walking into an outdoors that looked as though it was nearly nine at night when it was really half five instantly dropped his already exhausted mood.  John let out a great sigh as he pulled his coat collar closer to his neck and set off in the darkness towards the closest tube station.  As he turned down a corner, he spotted a local Chinese restaurant he barely paid any attention to before.  Tonight it caused him to stop in his tracks as he considered the lackluster microwave meal and empty flat waiting for him.  Deciding that if nothing else he deserved to let someone else make him dinner after the day he had, he changed course and made for the restaurant.
“I told you, because she is a part of her!” he screamed, making them all flinch.  A few rocks below the outcropping came loose and tumbled down the edge from the force of his voice.  He glanced down at Cecelia, terrified and clutching at his leg, and smiled once more.  “Her skills are outstanding, far beyond her years, just like Abigail.  You waste so much time teaching her as though she’s something
“You could say that.  If nothing else, you’ll get more use out of them than I ever will.”  With a wave and a wink, she headed back up the corridor, leaving John thoughtful as he clutched the photos to his chest.  All thoughts of the pair of rings fell from his mind as he contemplated a plan for his gift, slipping out to find a proper hiding place for them in his office until he could bring it to fruition.
“Sorry,” Sherlock muttered, though there wasn’t much apology in his tone. Almost immediately he leaned back down to run his tongue down the middle of John’s breastbone. John’s reply stuck in his throat for a moment and he unconsciously sunk both hands into Sherlock’s hair.
Rather than blushing as she would have only a year ago, Molly responded with a chuckle.  “Like I said to John, it’s really not a problem.  I’ve done a lot of babysitting in my day.  Now go on, both of you, and have fun!”
Sherlock’s musings were broken by Cecelia calling out to him.  “Papa, can we go visit Hagrid while we’re here too?”
“The only times it was unlocked was while one of us was in there, and we’re the only ones who had access to it,” she explained. “We found the note on the table, completely on the other side of the room from the door, so there’s no way it was slipped in without someone actually going in. We’ve found a note in there every night after our performances this week, but this one is just disgusting. None of the others were this vulgar or crude.”
At the end of the table facing them, Neville Longbottom’s head lifted as he spoke to Filius Flitwick and he instantly spotted them.  He broke out in a grin and shot to his feet to jump down and meet them.
“Not…”  John glanced at the room a second time before turning to grab Sherlock’s face.  His gloved hands cradled Sherlock by his jaw, one of his thumbs rubbing across his bottom lip and causing him to shiver.  “You got me out here just for this?”
John lifted off of Sherlock’s cock to dart up and cover his mouth with his own.  “Shh, or they’ll hear,” he whispered against his lips, his eyes darting mischievously out to the street only a few feet away.  Sherlock whimpered and pulled John’s face down to his with a fierce hand in John’s hair, forcing them back into another powerful snog.  Reluctantly John pulled away to dart in towards Sherlock’s ear, licking it with a brief wet swipe before muttering, “Do that again, though.  The revving.  I’ve got an idea.”
“Go down to the Slytherin common room and see if either Albus Potter or Scorpius Malfoy are around.  I left Cecelia down with Professor Slughorn and you all thinking I’d be back soon and I need one or both of them to look after her until we’re done with Professor McGonagall.  Just let them know that something’s come up and I’ll be down later to get her, okay?”  With a salute, Thompson adjusted his bag and darted off down the corridor.  Once he was gone, John turned to the rest of the group, who stood pretending they weren’t hanging on to every word of what was happening and failing.  “As for the rest of you, back to your common rooms until dinner.  I’d tell you to keep this to yourselves, but I know that would be an idiotic suggestion.”  They chuckled and awkwardly shuffled around Doyle to continue on their way.  As soon as they thought they were out of earshot, they began whispering amongst themselves.
Sherlock draped himself over the back of the chair, his head falling on John’s good shoulder and his arms crossing over his front.  He nuzzled into John’s neck, catching John attempting to cover his phone out of the corner of his eye.  Raising an eyebrow, he set a small kiss under his jaw and nodded towards the mobile.  “Last minute planning, John?  For such a proclaimed romantic, I expected better from you for our first Valentine’s.”
“No,” Sherlock interrupted, pushing himself up onto his elbows.  “We’ll stay with you.  I can’t imagine being that far away, not now after how much work went into becoming this.  I couldn’t…I can’t, John.  We have to stay with you.”
“How on earth did you get to be so good at this?”  John shook his head in amazement as he doled out their breakfast onto two separate plates.  When he turned, Sherlock was coaxing a tiny piece of apple into Cecelia’s mouth.  She mashed it around briefly in contemplation before finally swallowing, her expression unsure.  She waved her spoon and cocked her head before reaching out her free hand to Sherlock, opening and closing her fingers in a demand for more.  Sherlock smugly glanced over at John before returning to his task of chopping and passing over his offerings.
He had fallen sprawled out against the bedspread.  One of his feet dangled over the edge, his opposite leg thrown out sideways to open himself up further.  He had bent one of his knees a bit towards him, but both were spread out to create a wide space between his legs.  He leaned back on his elbows, his head thrown back slightly to reveal his neck.  His curls had become completely unreasonable, falling in every direction in an ideal image of debauchery.  Even though they’d hardly begun, he already looked wrecked, his face a splotchy red, his lips turned deep crimson, and his mouth hanging barely open.  John finally released his breath in a gasp and moved so that he was standing between Sherlock’s sprawled legs, causing Sherlock’s head to fall back farther to look up at him through his lashes.
Doyle shrugged and pushed his hip off from the table.  “Not quite.  I’ve got a stack of papers back on my desk to grade, but I thought I deserved a bit of a fortifying drink to help make it through them.  I noticed Sherlock here sitting all on his own and thought I might give him a bit of company until you returned.  I’ll leave you two to your dinner.”  Lifting his glass in a toast, he made his own way over to the bar.
could say no to someone who still has thighs like those…” Sherlock’s yell for them to hurry up interrupted whatever else he might have said. John attempted to shake off the blush that came from the conversation and hurried them from the flat to the cab waiting for them.
“Right, so Ollivanders is down there.”  John pointed down the street and Sherlock’s head darted around in an attempt to spot it.  “But the apothecary is right across from it and Flourish and Blotts is not much further down.  I’ve just got to pop in to the post office to organize getting owl mail services at 221b and then we can go wherever you want.”
Sherlock, meanwhile, made the decision the moment John left the pub to give him five minutes before following.  He didn’t know whether Doyle noticed John leaving and didn’t wish to find out.  The sooner he got back to the flat with John and Cecelia, comfortable and content in their pyjamas before the fire, the happier he would be.  Knowing John would be able to tell how little he ate by the noises of his hungry stomach, he resigned himself to eating as much as he could before the five minutes were up.  He was halfway through his pile of chips when Doyle sat across from him, pushing John’s plate away to make room for his refilled glass.
On one of their trips into town when Albus and Scorpius joined them, John was struck by how idyllically perfect the place was during winter.  The cobblestones of the streets turned white from the Scottish snow that covered the roads and nestled into the curves of the wooden buildings.  It almost looked like the inside of a snow globe gently shaken to allow the snow to cover whatever surfaces it could find.  Walking the streets with his mitted hand clasped with Sherlock’s gloved one, John wished he could capture the exact moment to place on his shelf and return to when he needed a moment of peace.
Sherlock wrapped his dressing gown tighter around himself and curled into a ball on his bed, his back to the door. As he watched the afternoon sun lower behind the neighbouring buildings, he attempted to lose himself in his mind. No matter where he tried to force his thoughts to go, they kept returning to John, wondering where he was and how he was feeling. He heard his phone buzzing several times from where it was on his nightstand, but ignored it, certain it was Mycroft somehow knowing what had happened. Eventually the natural light faded and plunged him into darkness, only the faint artificial glow of street lamps lighting the small space. Despite his rushing thoughts, Sherlock felt himself growing tired, and soon he fell asleep, alone in the room for the first night since he moved in.
“No, no, I would have told you two if I was,” Greg hurriedly explained.  “I’m…well, I’m a Squib.  A dishonoured one, if we’re being completely honest.”
The patches of occasional sky that peered down at them through the trees grew lighter, casting a reddish orange hue across their path.  John had long since lost track of where they were, unsure if they even were still on the Hogwarts grounds or had walked beyond them.  Sherlock’s hand in his was freezing, reminding John sharply of how cold he was as well.  Despite the fact that it was spring, the chill of winter still remained crisp in the air during the night.  At least they had been somewhat prepared since they had started out dressed for the outdoors, but they had no way of knowing whether Cecelia had been properly prepared for the weather when she was forced out into the cold.  For all they knew, she could be worse off than they thought.
Cecelia shoveled the last bite of her cereal into her mouth and shot up.  “Nearly, I’ve just got to get the pictures sorted.  I numbered them, just like you showed me, but they’re kinda…”
“Yes, oh,” John agreed, scratching his nails in the hair on Sherlock’s nape. Sherlock’s eyes slipped closed again and he leaned back into the touch, making John grin broadly.
“Don’t worry about a thing, John,” Molly declared, swaying Cecelia in her arms.  “Greg’s got a late night tonight anyway, so he won’t be expecting me at any particular time.  You know I’m always thrilled to spent time with my favourite girl.”
She clapped excitedly as Neville straightened.  “Come on, let me introduce you to everyone,” he said as he guided them up the steps.  Their arrival had been subtly watched by those at the table, who gave them their full attention by the time they stood before everyone.  “This is John Watson, for those of you who haven’t met him before, our new Healer.  He’s just arrived with his partner, Sherlock Holmes, and their daughter, Cecelia.”
“Look, Sherlock, I don’t know what to tell you,” Lestrade attempted to placate without an ounce of success.  “They’ve taken us all off it, moved up to someone in a higher position.  Don’t think I’m not just as upset at the lost opportunity.”  Indeed, Lestrade looked more strained than usual, the dark circles below his eyes hollow grooves that sucked the color from his cheeks.  From the tight set of his jaw, John could tell he was fuming at losing the case, though conveying his anger in less immature ways than Sherlock.
Sherlock threw down the chip he had been twirling in his fingers and reached for his coat.  “That’s okay, we can go back; I don’t mind.”
He attempted to make the motion, using his bow as a stand-in for a wand.  While his technique overall was fine, the excessive length of the bow impeded the motion, causing it to whip through the air with a sharp whoosh and almost smack John in the face.  John batted it out of the way and dodged, wincing when the bow clattered to the floor from the force of the movement.
“You haven’t told him about the other notes and the pin,” he stated rather than asked. Sherlock stared at the closed door and shook his head.
The dull, excited chatter in the room hushed into silence the moment they entered. Sherlock froze at the entrance, his eyes darting around the room at the patiently waiting faces peering back at them. Instinctively wanting to protect him and sensing the spike of nerves waving off of him, John reached over to grab Sherlock’s hand and give it a squeeze. Sherlock’s head shot around towards John, his eyes enormous and round.
Sherlock’s eyelids rose along with his eyebrows.  “I suppose I could, if Harry’s still amendable.  It certainly would be easier to communicate with him than it has been with Lestrade.  Could we connect our fireplace with the Floo in Harry’s office at the Ministry?”
“I’m John.”  The man’s attention shot back to John as though he was surprised he was still there.  “Looks like you’re out of luck with those lights here.  There’s a Sainsbury’s right around the corner; care to join me?”
John squinted at it, trying to figure out what was wrong.  He realized suddenly that the star and moon shapes, usually white and dark blue, were changing colours.  As he watched, they shifted from bright green to yellow.  John let out a low laugh and moved his hand up to Sherlock’s shoulder.
“We’ll figure it out, Niall,” John reassured him as he took up a damp towel. He attempted to dab at the stickiness on his stomach and groin with limited success, given the fact that most of it was already dry. “The good news is that these threats won’t push us away like it might others, so all we’ve got to do is figure it out by the end of the week.”
