"But I'm having trouble figuring out who's behind all this."
Through his panic he remembered that there was at least one other Tony Stark here in New York right now, supposedly about to share shawarma with the rest of the newly-formed Avengers. Was this a result of their intervention? The other possibility, that a version of Tony had been diverted during his and Steve's previous visit to this time was, if anything, an even worse possibility.
"Sure you are," Storm said, his voice dripping with sarcasm. "Way I heard it, the Avengers disbanded. Vanished. Except for Stark and that fake Captain America."
Steve waved the defensive protest aside. "I don't mind that. I've been grateful for it, at times. What bothers me is that if you tell him to keep me in the dark, he will, just the way he seems to be helping you keep Natasha and Clint and Jan—"
A slightly distorted voice spoke from the laptop, "He's right, Mom."
Dissension in the ranks?
Steve's first feeling was annoyance, but quickly followed by concern. He crushed the impulse to put Tony to bed. Lifting him was certain to wake him. And he dare not touch him, not right now, when his control might slip so easily. Instead he changed course, opened the French doors as quietly as he could, strode across the jetty, dropped the robe and dived straight into the lake.
"But I haven't—"
He turned back to the artefact, only to be hit by a wave of dizziness. The strange glyphs swam before his eyes, forming and reforming into something close to sense.
"Not now, Tony."
"If you made an overhead pass, how close d'you think you could get?" Steve asked
Above, a small overhang blocked any view he might have had of the top of the crack, so he couldn't see if there was a horizontal crack coming to meet it, and, if so, from which side.
"Nope. Let's try the back door first." Tony banked towards the sheer crags on the southern face of the mountain. And there was the outcrop that looked like a crouching bat, wings folded, and, above it, three twisted trees.
There was a brilliant flare of light, and he clamped his eyelids shut against it, throwing up his arm to protect his eyes even though he was seeing through the eye-slit sensors. The floor shook under him, the combination sending them to his knees.
"Yeah, and SHIELD agents turned up just after the explosion – and hightailed it out again as soon as they realised I'd spotted them."
If Howard thought that was more important than saving him from the robot then—
Tony nodded. "Do you know magic Kung Fu?" he asked, with as much seriousness as he could manage. "Captain Rogers has a history of violence. He'll be looking to complete his mission but he can't do that, because I have everything he needs for it. Point that out to him, if you have to. But dodge. Please."
"We'll never know now."
With an effort, he shallowed his breathing.
"Wish we knew," Barton said. "No, wait, wait, Stark." He raised his hands, palms outwards, whether defensively or placatingly was not immediately clear. "Cap told me and Nat you were in trouble – possibly Thor too. He and Van Dyne arranged a repurposed air-sea rescue helicopter for us to pick up at Norfolk. We went looking for you, but Thor found us first – and then he found you."
The cabin's utilities were distressingly old, but the skylight opening mechanism was one of the things he had updated during the period he wasn't making any headway with Steve. Now he used Extremis and the rudimentary house computer to open it as wide as it would go. It would be a squeeze for Steve, but even if he had to force the mechanism he wouldn't make as much noise as breaking the glass would.
"Sir, there is a potential charge building..."
"Rogers contacted you yet?"
"Honey, I'm pretty sure that you'll never be ignored – not when there are hetero women or gay men around."
"You may change that opinion," Steve said.
an attitude cultivated by your friends."
Guessing that they would be even more effective as a team, Steve began to make his way towards him.
Tony made himself grin at him. "Be less irritated?"
"Never got a chance to try – but how hard can it be?"
It had also, at last, begun to rain.
Again there was a sudden widening of the eyes, but all the Panther said was, "I am pleased to meet you, Captain Rogers," as he clasped the offered hand. "And even more pleased to have fought beside you. Now, though, we must wait for our opportunity."
When he woke it was full daylight.
"I'll get Roberta on that, and then I'll talk to him," Howard said calmly. "He's not going to succeed in bullying either of us, Tony. He needs us too much."
Nat returned his nod, rose gracefully to her feet in one smooth motion – how did she do that? – and crossed to the seated woman. "Can I help?" she asked, offering her hand.
"I thought you'd seen all there was to see last night," Steve retorted, hoping he wasn't blushing.
"No one has been able to own a human being in this country for over a hundred and fifty years," Roberta stated, dark eyes blazing with repressed anger, though her voice remained calm. "No one gets to have slaves anymore and as for Captain Rogers – well, if he still lives, his stint with the army ended a long time ago. And you are not the US Army. You have been high handed with other people and other people's property before now, General. I suggest you take care before riding rough-shod over human rights in the future."
Go left, and you could fall straight into the crevasse.
He'd said he had no intention of keeping that particular secret from the team...
Oh, hell, the cops would have picked up his bike by now. If they traced it back to the rented apartment they would find the Captain America uniform that he had not taken with him that day. And SHIELD would know at once.
Until that moment, he hadn't realised just how hungry he was. He bit back his immediate response and said, instead, "Look, I'm grateful, but I— Do we know each other? Are we friends?”
"... stock prices.."
"Welcome, Man of Iron! There are foes enough for both of us!" Thor called. "But I would welcome assistance with this vehicle."
"You can, of course, but I have a mansion sitting right on Central Park that is currently unoccupied. It's secure – at least it was in my father's day – and we stripped out anything valuable many years ago."
"Ms Potts isn't here, Captain."
"More likely muscle memory," Tony said.
The Panther was unsurprised. "I did not expect to fool you entirely, but though I am T'Challa, son of T'Chaka, Black Panther, Chief and High Priest of the Panther tribe, I do not, currently, rule Wakanda. No one does. And I was never
The woman – and it was a woman – pinned under him had begun struggling. He jumped to his feet and bent down to help her up, only for her to grab his wrists, thrust her feet against his thighs and throw him over her head.
"You think it wasn't?"
going to tell us where your team-mates are?"
Tony dodged back out of the room, hearing the glass smash against the wall as he closed the door. Pepper really was a lousy shot.
Steve felt his heart sink. Tony knew. But how? He couldn't believe that Fury had told Tony, of all people, and he'd done his best to keep his problems secret...
"Or you." Tony could hear the fear in his own voice and, remotely, wondered at it.
"A side arm."
Tony didn't like the sound of that. But they hadn't captured either Steve or Okoye, and while Steve was free there was hope.
He tasted of fine Cognac but it wasn't that that sent fire racing through Steve's veins. He rose into Tony's arms, deepening the kiss, hands sliding down the strong back to grip his ass.
"Unless we're going to the desert, the rain forest or the poles, then yes."
"You think he may be carrying a beacon of some kind?"
"Damn right. I can have the contents of the truck shipped here as normal freight, though I'd prefer you supervised the transfer, Hank."
"Also, Whitney hasn't stopped talking since she woke up. She was hired by the Doombot, which she thought was Doom. It thought it was too, as most of them do. She also described the way Steve took her and the Doombot down. Fury came round demanding I hand Steve over to him. He searched the place – I escorted him personally into the armoury, but didn't let him take a closer look at the armour or the equipment. We'll have it fumigated before you come back.
He groaned again, louder than before, and closed his eyes. The darkness and the pain reminded him of something, a dream, maybe, but it was gone now, except that he thought it had maybe involved Steve...
"I'm sorry, Steve," Betty's voice said over the comm. "They have Bruce. I need to be with him. I'm sure the Avengers will find us both."
"I am housed in a number of computers, Captain. In fact, you could say that I am all of Stark Industries computers. It amuses Mr Stark to refer to me as the butler. I am always here, to assist you if you require it."
"You mean apart from billions more dollars worth of damage and thousands killed or made homeless?"
"Nope."
"No, you'd give me a pile of papers to sign—"
Steve rolled his eyes. "Get changed, Tony," he snapped, and headed for the kitchen.
Presumably he was in Stark Tower.
"Let's hope it doesn't come to that. But I'm not concerned about Captain Rogers." There was the slightest stress on the 'I'.
"Fury doesn't need my help."
As the jet rose into the yellow and grey of the New York dawn sky, Tony unbuckled his seat belt and leaned over Steve, right into his personal space, and whispered, "Bodyguard, eh?" into his ear.
The two men looked at each other with identical expressions of shock and fear as they waited for the tower to collapse under their feet.
The stones – well, five of them – were present in his mind, but the menace was gone, and the Soul Stone... well, wherever that was, it didn't matter any longer.
"Possibly they called it by another name," the deep voice said calmly. "Nevertheless, your 'clean energy' technology is powered by it, and you have not been sold any from the legitimate source."
"Alive, certainly," he said, as he lifted the man in his arms and carried him over to a cot almost hidden in the corner of the room. Laying him on the mattress, he adjusted him into the recovery position. "And unconscious, otherwise they would have certainly woken up when you clanked in."
They had never mentioned that night again. And the next time Tony had referred to the Barton farm, it was to say he was leaving the Avengers, was going to settle down with Pepper Potts.
And then he'd needed to know who was feeding information to SHIELD.
"What happened in the garage?" Tony demanded.
The Ancient One and the Master had been watching this conversation with the air of spectators at a sport they did not understand.  Now the Ancient One inclined her head at the Master, who left the room with a muttered, "As you order, Sorcerer Supreme."
It must be Pepper. It had to be Pepper.
"Good. Take Romanoff and Barton to the Penthouse, but make sure I'm there first. And the order about the shields stands."
Tony growled to himself and stomped to the elevator.
The air was full of dust. Behind it, there was a noise that was vaguely familiar, of something large moving inside the cloud.
Tony hardly hesitated before picking up his bag and heading back towards the repulsor elevator to his suite. But on the way through the workshop are he paused. After a few seconds fighting the impulse, he crossed to one of the security cabinets and opened it. There, sitting on a shelf smirking at him was the artefact Gene had sent him. Almost without thought, he pulled on heavy gauntlets and shoved the artefact into his bag. The gauntlets followed, and then he zipped the bag closed.
"Christ Al – fucking - mighty!"
"Go to Panther Island and speak to the Panther god," T'Challa said. "But we should only consider that after we have destroyed the portal and switched off the technological protections."
Steve put his hands on his knees and leant his weight on them. He took time to catch his breath. "Who the hell are these people? And why were they trying to break in here?"
T'Challa had stopped talking some time ago, and even Tony had fallen silent in the face of his stubborn silence. Or maybe he was talking to his god... they must be getting close to the island now.
"Because War Machine had been spotted close by."
"We found Steve Rogers in the Arctic," Fury was protesting. "Without us he'd still be frozen in the ice."
Steve was confronting a blonde woman in SHIELD uniform who looked vaguely familiar. Her expression was an odd mix of discomfort and annoyance. "Right now I'm the person you're reporting to, Captain," she replied, her tone even enough.
When he'd got the water out of his eyes he was relieved to find Steve hadn't left but was sitting on the edge of the pool, his legs in the water, watching him. Tony folded into a cross-legged position beside him and removed his shoes, shaking the water out of them.
It occurred to Steve that he could not remember the word 'sorry' coming so easily to Tony's lips. Pondering this, he slid out of bed, hesitated, then pulled on the scarlet robe and tied the belt firmly. He could feel Tony's eyes following him, and turned, resolutely, to face him. "You'd better not mean that," he said. "Because you didn't do anything I didn't want."
He thought he heard something clanging against the armour, felt it move...
"Then he's no use to us," Tony said, using a panga to cut away a warrior's weapon belt and split it into two thin strips with which he could bind its owner. This alloy really was amazing.
It should have frightened him more than anything else he had ever seen, yet he felt nothing but relief. And a need, not to hide, but to run towards the robot.
For answer, T'Challa pulled the White Wolf mask over his head to cover his face, then, somewhat cautiously, opened the door and stepped out. "No one here," he told Tony. "Come alo—."
To Steve's surprise he left the car again, signalling to Steve to follow him. They lifted the two bridge plates one by one and slotted them into grease-slick concrete holders set into the ground.
"They want to talk to me. So we talk, while you evacuate everyone you can through the emergency exits – and any route that doesn't take them near the lobby."
"Some of the enemy have a penchant for using Moorcock references," Tony explained. "Why? Does it mean something to you?"
"SSR were incredibly lucky with Steve," Tony agreed. "Can you imagine what the hawks in Congress and the Pentagon would do with a whole regiment of super-soldiers – a military super-hero squad?"
Then Steve was at the bed and, an instant later,
"I've established the links that mean I can take down our technical barriers from here," T'Challa said, his voice muffled not only by the White Wolf mask but because his head and one shoulder were inserted into the space behind an access panel that was lying at his feet, "I must again remind you that two levels of deception protect Wakanda: the technological and the magical. I can do nothing about the latter from here."
"Impressed, were you?"
that we had not, at least officially, supplied anyone with vibranium since the then king had arranged for a sample to land in the hands of your father early in the Second World War. But after the Battle of Manhattan, it seemed ... feasible ... that you had, indeed, gained access to it, not least because you had duplicated Captain America's shield."
There was a moment's silence then the voice asked, "Who gave it to you then?"
There was a flash behind him, the sound of another explosion racing at its heels. But by that time he had let go, was falling towards the water, somersaulting into a diving position.
There was a sharp click, then silence.
"He should be at his full strength within a few days, according to my mother. For the moment, though, he needs your care rather than your anger."
Bodies were being laid out under sheets in parking lots and gardens, and he and Rescue were reduced to retrieving more from the mud as the tide retreated.
"It's my birthday party," Tony pointed out. "Or, at least, that's the excuse. I'm okay, Dad. I'll shower, change and be with you in fifteen minutes."
"Really?" Steve could hear the anger in his own voice, but it wasn't Jan's fault or even T'Challa's. "Tony didn't mention that when he briefed me about what happened while I was... in Asgard."
"Think they'll send Queen Witchy against you?"
Tony chuckled. "Like father, like son?" Then, with genuine curiosity, "Was that why you insisted Roberta send me to the Tomorrow Academy?"
"Inform Tony," Steve ordered as he took off at a run down the long snake of a drive. The palms on either side partially masked the high wall to his left, which would have prevented him seeing anything that was happening beyond. The gates, though, weren't solid, and he caught a glimpse of a black SUV beyond them.
Tony gave a soft whistle. "That would be helpful – it's a devil to synthesise in quantity. And I'm in a race against time to supply enough arc reactors to slow climate change, and... well..."
Howard took his time about answering and Tony just knew he was phrasing his answer in response to the note of panic in his own voice. "He's having trouble connecting with his past – with the records of his past. The superhero stuff."
"Are you going to tell us what the hell is going on?" Tony asked, trying to keep himself from issuing a challenge and not completely succeeding.
Tony and Steve still have a lot to sort out, but they may not have the opportunity.
"That's worrying." Tony shifted a shoulder downwards so that Natasha could see Steve's back at eye level.
"Whatever happens, don't go through it," Tony told him urgently. "Don't even get near it."
"Do you wish me to remove the rest of the armour?" another voice asked.
"Past your security?"
Happy shook his head.
"And the locals weren't the only ones who had spotted the Hulk," Hank added. "The ants had too."
The steel-coloured War Machine armour, caught in the act of trying to raise the last few links of the articulated tail of a Chitauri troop carrier from their resting place on top of three yellow cabs, a truck and the remains of the store window taken out by the tip, jerked sideways. The tail swayed dramatically, then began to fall.
"You mean the leviathan?" Fury questioned.
It was a process familiar enough from only months – seventy years to everyone else – ago, caring for soldiers far more exhausted than he could ever be since the serum. Only the setting and personnel were different.
"His suit might be," Steve said, consideringly. "We're pretty much of a height and weight. And he was maybe coming to get you. If so, no one will be surprised to see you as my – his – prisoner."
"No, Pepper, it is your problem that you leased my tech to SHIELD. Are still leasing my tech to SHIELD."
Below, the portal suddenly flared into blinding readiness.
"Jarvis, radar and sonar scans below," Tony ordered.
the Avengers team leader for a reason, Captain. Their welfare should be your priority."
"Sure it was the UK? It doesn't sound right to me either—"
"Did he warn you off? Is that what this is about?"
The armour took five minutes to arrive and by that time Tony was cursing Jarvis, Steve and Fury in equal proportions. Once it closed around him, however, and he was in the sky, he ordered Jarvis to locate Steve on the assumption that SHIELD was taking him to where Natasha and Clint had been lost.
"...seemed pleased to see us," a rich, deep woman's voice was saying.
"How did that happen? Do you know?"
"And you, Odinson?"
"Cooled drinking water in the bathroom, sir," the disembodied voice replied, with the very faintest air of exasperation.
Natasha nodded. "Yes, but the public only count until the election votes are in. Washington takes far more notice of the special interests Stark's pissed off. Do I have to list them? Not just in the US but worldwide? The military, the oil companies, the power generating companies, the auto industry, the ship-building industry, the climate-change deniers, the gun lobby—"
"Umm. Good?" Pepper was prettier than any of the SHIELD agents anyway, and he had better booze in the limo. "Maybe we can indulge a few. Tonight."
Once it was almost out of sight from the shore – indeed, perhaps it was out of sight to everyone except Steve – the rotors were suddenly jettisoned and the no-longer-a-helicopter began what looked like a highly controlled fall, nose first, into the water.
And that hit even harder, letting the dizziness back behind his eyes.
For a moment there was silence, except for cooking noises, then Pepper said, "Tony was worried when you went off-radar."
"Hey, what the hell are you folks doin'—?" He stopped, staring at Hank's helmet. "What the hell's that?"
He nodded.
Once they cleared customs and immigration, with Jan's aircraft wheeled into the Stark hanger at the private terminal Howard had built at La Guardia, they found the armoured truck waiting for them, Happy Hogan at the wheel and Marilyn Bartowlski sitting beside him. Neither was a surprise to Tony, who had spent the last two hours of the inbound flight making the arrangements.
"They already are," Tony said, knowing it for a fact. "That's why Hennis and his thugs were after Steve. They might even be considering cloning him, though that won't work unless the Erskine process actually changed his DNA. Maybe SHIELD can tell us. I will bet my fortune that they already have samples. Well, Cap?"
It was impossible not to smile back. "He told me he was too scared of you not to, your Majesty."
"Okay. Let's hope you don't regret it. We're going to pick up a small group of scientists and their equipment. I have a fix on their location but right now they're on the run from a group of highly dangerous mercenaries. Luckily, they also have some equally dangerous protection."
Ah. This he could deal with. Dear John letters and their effect were something he knew about, had learned very quickly as the leader of his disparate band of cutthroats...
"There was a very bad TV series. With a comic robot."
"Hi yourself, babe."
"If that's the way you want it," Rhodes growled. "On your own head be it."
Meanwhile, SI's insurance premiums had skyrocketed, and Pepper, ringing from Toyota City (and how cool was that, and was there a Stark City anywhere in the States at which he could establish a company address for snail mail?) had spoken of getting a Lloyd's syndicate to take on the risk.
And, in a moment of shock and weakness, he had asked Tony to stay with him tonight, putting that friendship at risk. The other man had agreed so readily he could have no idea of the hidden urges that prompted it.
"She can't say anything worse than she's said in person."
"We aren't transmitting anything, Tony. We just needed to tune in to the local radio to see what the press are making of the Great Gnome Mystery."
"I need to go take a look outside," he told Tony, making a half- hearted attempt to extricate himself.
why it's dangerous."
But his absence hurt like hell.
"Couldn't bar Jarvis from my lab," Hank said cheerfully. "He's just like you, Tony; he doesn't shut up until he gets what he wants."
"Yes." Okoye had also, plainly, pulled herself together. "Captain Rogers and I came by sail boat. How did your party arrive?"
The beginning.
He could see no sign of life. "Computer! Are Dad and Steve all right?"
"I am of little use in this," Thor said. "What do you wish me to do?"
"I told you to tell them I had retreated to a nunnery," Tony corrected him.
Tony tried to suppress the warmth that rose through him, but it was impossible. The memory of Steve's kisses – a little unskilled but warm and passionate – banished the remnants of his anger.
Bruce fiddled with the pencil in his hands, his eyes on the computer screens, "Yeah. Well, how are you and Steve getting along now?"
There was something in the AI's voice that made Steve ask, "Is that all he said?"
"Steve, Bruce, leave the building
Pepper hesitated, and looked at her watch. "I think I have time. I also need to pack a couple of suitcases."
Steve winced inwardly, remembering how he had asked Tony if Coulson's death had been the first time he lost a soldier. Plainly not.
"And he hoped you'd follow him?" Steve suggested.
"Heart rate falling, sir, and his temperature is still a several degrees above normal, if I presumed to know what is normal for him. He is, however, close to consciousness."
No other threats.
"Many things can kill. You say you were enhanced by science. Did you choose to be a soldier, or did others choose for you?"
When Tony needed people he flung things at them – not money, just anything he had until he found something that would keep them close.
"Well, you did tell Fury to get in touch when you got back to New York," Steve pointed out.
At that, Steve snorted, and headed for the workshop. His quick return, with Tony in tow, sent Jan's eyebrows climbing into her hair.
But there was a life, however worthless, for which he had responsibility. He couldn't—
"So someone else must have duplicated the super-soldier process," Betty was saying. "No wonder Dad is furious. The nearest he got was Blonsky." Then, as Steve and Jan stared at her, Betty added, "The thing Bruce was fighting when he wrecked Harlem. The press dubbed him 'the Abomination."
Steve thought.
She seemed hardly conscious as he gathered her into Iron Man's arms and allowed Jarvis to steer their path back through the mountain and into the evening. Once outside, Tony turned away from the falling sun towards the rising moon, almost as bright against a navy blue sky.
This, it turned out, edged a small, fast stream with deep cut banks, crossed by a simple bridge of two flat metal plates, a car's width apart. Tony jumped out to check their position, then drove straight across.
Then Tony was moving, not away but towards him, so their bodies were pressed together and...
"An oubliette," Tony said grimly. "That light over there...?"
The looks Bruce and Steve exchanged were definitely dubious. "Don't you think it would be easier if they were on your side?" Steve asked.
"Same way Thor is a god, probably. But how the hell did you get – or even think of getting – to that airstrip? From hicksville Oklahoma?"
"Right, Helen. Betty. Helen, Betty. I can't decide. Can we start this conversation again?"
Carter looked straight at him, with eyes, that Tony suddenly noticed, were within a couple of shades of Steve's own blue. "25th May 1943, according to his birth certificate."
The holograph disappeared and, for once, Jarvis refrained from a smart-ass remark. Which was just as well, because right now Tony was mad enough to reprogram his protocols.
"Be careful," Thor said. "I would not wish to explain your death to Steven."
"It's the serum," Steve said. "Before it I was a sick runt. Not much interested in... y'know..."
"Throw him off this plane," Shuri replied.
Closing his eyes, he rested his arms on the slope, his head on his arms and attempted to doze.
"Tony, you must know how much I want to stay with you," he said now, "but this body isn't mine. Maybe... maybe even your love, this strange bond between us, isn't mine either. Maybe, when you meet him—"
It pleased the Board, though, and Pepper, with whom he was slowly rebuilding his old friendship.
But, there was a downside and Rhodey had just voiced it; that the military and the politicians would assume that Erskine's formula had been re-created, heralding a new army of super-soldiers to do their bidding. Apparently they'd forgotten that Steve Rogers hadn't been all that amenable to orders from above. And wasn't now.
He had no answer and no time to work it out, so he just ran towards the explosion, ignoring the pain in his chest, his arms and his feet.
Fuck it, he should never have let Rhodey keep the suit – but they were friends, they had fought together, saved each others' lives, and he had been so delighted with it...
He didn't remember running or flying, but somehow he was kneeling at Steve's side, with the Iron Man's faceplate opened and his gauntlets lying on the floor beside him.
Which was comfortable, though surprising, considering the last thing he had seen was Steve falling...
Even through the filters on the armour, Tony could smell the burned flesh. What it was like for Steve he could not imagine.
"Oh, and our Security people want to know how Captain Rogers is. And where they can get a First Aid kit like the one you had last night?"
Tony shook his head. "What you don't know, you can't be pressured to reveal. I don't want you torn between your friendship with me and the Air Force. Or the law."
Stark offered him the painkillers, but he shook his head. "Don't work on me. I just have to tough it out."
"Is that what you think of me?" Steve's voice was low, on the edge of anger.
Storm, meanwhile, had shouldered his way past Danvers, T'Challa and Shuri to confront Tony. "What the fuck is this about Sue's DNA?"
"It could be a War Machine mission," Tony said lightly, though his heart rate was quickening.
The world exploded in white light.
Could they ever bridge that gap of culture and experience?
"I suspect you suspect right. Though Betty ought to move on."
Rogers looked at him assessingly for a moment, then let him go. "I miscalculated," he said tightly. "I thought they'd be too disciplined to open fire in that confined space."
"Where are we?" Steve asked, his voice hushed.
A Wakandan woman – an important one to judge by the richness of her robes and the extent of her adornments – pushed her way past the line of warriors and called out a challenge.
"According to Mr Stark, there was a battle with a woman who Prince Thor refers to as Karnilla, Queen of the Norns. She disabled the Iron Man suit, which was downed in the ocean. Mr Stark says he did not lose power completely, and the suit eventually returned to the surface, where Thor located it. Thor brought Mr Stark aboard the helicopter where Ms Romanoff replaced the arc reactor core with the spare you had suggested she take with her."
"If I had they would have been dead. And perhaps Steve and I would have been too. It wasn't an accident, Pepper."
"You also have a contract."
"You mean you haven't killed him?" Tony said, levelling the gun at White Wolf's slumped body as Steve let it drop to the earth.
destroy both the mechanism and the records. But it is important knowledge, and I won't destroy all of that when I, my friends or the world might need it some day. And, as Steve said, I do own everything in this lab. So."
"I'll wear your clothes over mine," Tony said hurriedly. "We'd better hurry. How long do you suppose we were out?"
That Steve, who had grown up in abject poverty, had been reduced to it again was almost more than he could bear. Even if they could not come to terms today – and he was going to use every weapon he had to make that happen and it looked as if Steve might be vulnerable to sex, if nothing else – he was going to haul him out of that pit.
Instinct lifted Steve's head, so Tony's kisses landed on his forehead, then his lips.
"That my Lord T'Challa has betrayed the Panther tribe. That the Panther God has summoned Hunter – White Wolf – to eat of the sacred heart-shaped herb – that he will fight T'Challa and take the thro— Steve, he cannot do this. He cannot defeat T'Challa – he has never been able to defeat T'Challa in the past, whenever they... fought in jest... if it ever was jest. Besides, the herb will kill him."
Steve hurled his shield, slicing through the presumed weapon. The shield then bounced off the far wall, seriously damaging the plaster, and came flying back towards his hand even as he ran towards Iron Man. Only, before it reached his grasp, it struck something in what otherwise seemed like empty air. There was a shout of pain and something crashed to the floor, but Steve had no time to investigate that, because Iron Man was pivoting on his hips, his legs knocking those of his attacker out from under him.
Steve, standing on Iron Man's right boot, with his fingers hooked into the holds made for them, looked around at the line of cars, the forge, the complex machinery that did who-knew-what, the small kitchen, the battered leather Chesterfield, sitting in front of a small – for Tony – television screen, the model aircraft, the family photographs that were missing from everywhere else in the house, and said, in revelation, "This is where you actually lived."
She stepped out into the lobby, Tony at her heels.
Stark out."
"He met this genius who taught him everything he knows."
Steve asked himself.
"Naturally." The warrior stepped back into the portal, which snapped shut.
"And I will," Tony told her.
. Within a month he was also attending
It was with a kind of relief that Tony rounded on him. "Did you pay any attention when you met Pepper, Jolly Green, or were you asleep? Would you really want to make that argument to her, because let me tell you, I don't. I prefer my head on my shoulders and my balls intact."
More dangerously, he plainly had a plan in mind – yet another thing he hadn't yet explained – but at least he had made it clear that Steve was a part of it.
"For crying out loud," Clint growled. "That can wait. If it wasn't the Hulk, what the fuck was it?"
No response.
"No. I have another candidate for that."
He said, "He admires what he knows of Captain America."
Okoye's response was equally sharp. "If you had waited a few more seconds at the Panther God's temple I would have briefed you on that."
The shock of the armour hitting the water rattled his teeth and made him bite his lip. Though he could feel and see nothing, he knew the armour must be sinking.
"I know someone who can confirm that you're no threat to us," Tony said. "He may even be able to restore your memory."
The underwater concussion wave grabbed him and tumbled him through the water, then lifted him twenty, thirty feet into the air, before finally dumping him so hard he felt muscle and bone creak, every molecule of air forced from his lungs.
"I've been in worse places," Steve said, with a shrug. "Conditions below won't restrict me the way they will the armour. And I've seen you take on Thor. Go."
"It was never meant to go that far," Pepper protested. "Phil asked me to help before I'd heard of Iron Man, before we were lovers, before you were found, before the Avengers."
Jan's response was immediate. "There's this nice little series of dips in your shoulder plate that sort of appeared when I landed on them."
Tony made a quick hand gesture, palm downward.
. Or was that just politeness?"
"You couldn't see my face in this light," Tony told him. "But a sniper with a night vision scope could. So we'll leave things as they are." Then, as Fury took a step towards him: "No, stay right there." His shields were at full strength, but there was still the possibility of an EMP attack at this range, though Jarvis was keeping a continual scan and could commandeer the armour if necessary.
"It was Jarvis's idea, actually," Jan said brightly. "He alerted me that they were out there and in trouble. Identified them for me, too, because I'd no idea what either of them looked like unsuited. "
This time, the dark abyss was warm and he fell into it easily, into easier dreams.
The Ancient One took it and allowed herself to be helped to her feet. "That was... interesting," she remarked. "I have never encountered something so resistant to the power of the Time Stone before. It was powerful magic."
"I wouldn't bet on that. From what Dad had to say about Carter, she knew how to get what she wanted..."
Tony hurriedly opened his eyes and lifted his head and, yes, Steve Rogers, unremarkable in chinos and a plain blue button-down shirt, was leaning back in an armchair that Tony didn't actually recognise, fair head tilted to look upwards in, presumably, the direction of the hidden speaker from which Jarvis's voice was emerging.
"Fire away."
"Come on, come with me, babe," Tony whispered in his ear, as he quickened the rhythm.
Suddenly, Tony realised just how hungry he was.
"You had to put the Howling Commandos to bed?" he asked, instead.
As Tony's voice cut out abruptly, Steve reached the first landing, slammed his shield against the emergency door and burst through into the lobby of Tony's suite where Iron Man was down and struggling to get to his feet as a man wearing yellow, who seemed to be phasing in and out of sight, leaned down to press something metallic and vaguely gun-shaped against his helmet.
The scarlet convertible, which Tony informed him gleefully was a Ferrari 550 GTZ Barchetta Zegato, of which only five existed, was a design dream, though it was impossible to fit his shield in its case anywhere but in the trunk, and it wouldn't lie flat in that.
"Yeah, we are." Well, at least Cap was, so it was only half a lie. "Miss me, baby?"
"They did medical tests on me when I first came round," Steve said slowly, "but nothing... excessive."
"Stark?" That was Natasha, sounding a little worried.
Tony let out a huff of relief. "Oh, I guess you couldn't... Wow, you were still kissing me even though you thought..." He took a deep breath. "Pepper – that's over – finished – kaput."
"Well, that's a bummer," Tony agreed. "Because they're gaining on us. And we've no way to fight back."
"Yeah. Real, ready and willing."
"What does she – and Odin – think he can tell them? Legend says that Odin knows... well, a great deal."
"You don't trust me." It was absolutely forlorn. That hurt, but there was too much at stake for him to weaken, even though he was cutting ties that had once meant everything to him. Still meant more hurt than he could currently bear.
Carter was smiling to herself, plainly feeling that Jarvis had scored her some points. Ignoring Tony, she turned to Steve: "Captain, this conversation might be easier without Mr Stark's intervention."
"It is not impossible," Thor said. His hammer was whirling above his head, apparently to keep the waves at bay, but his other arm was around Steve's waist, helping him walk through a beach on the edge of becoming quicksand. "Do you know where we are?"
"I know they have computers. They hacked mine."
Everyone has a different agenda and everything is in danger of spiralling out of control.
"Deal," Steve agreed, and leaned in to kiss him fleetingly. "I'll set up in the living room. Call me if you need anything."
Steve grinned. It had been a helluva ridiculous proposal, but Tony wasn't getting away now. "Of course," he said.
Behind him, he heard the boot jets fire up. Then, suddenly, the room blazed with blinding light as the unibeam fired over his head, striking Yogthulu on its opened mouth.
"I'll have you know I've won races, Rogers," Tony told him, with the familiar rush of adrenaline
Both Pepper and Steve were eyeing Tony uneasily. Normally he shambled in wearing whatever he had slept in – occasionally just in a T shirt, in which case one of them would turn him back towards the bedroom with instructions of "Pants, Tony," – while they were finishing their own meals, and slump down, waiting for one of them to place his first mug of coffee in front of him. This morning, however, he had been fully dressed and alert before either of them arrived.
"If that's what you've finally decided to call the space-dragon-turtles, then yes. We think that was what exploded. I suggest that you don't let the contents of those bombs come into contact with anything Chitauri.
If Steve was relieved to see T'Challa, it was nothing to that he felt when he recognised Tony following in their wake, alive and on his feet, even though his hands were tied behind him and he was being guarded by four members of the Hatut Zeraze.
"Jan."
"No, sir. Doctor Elizabeth Ross."
He started towards it, shield still in hand.
"Again, that's Stark manufacture. Dad may not have patented it, but there's massive evidence for
Steve remembered the hammer moving fractionally in his hand, then the doubts settling into his mind as it remained firmly on the table. He also remembered Thor's grin as he said, "Well done," to Tony. He hated that Thor could do that so easily, accepting the horrible risk Tony and Bruce had taken simply because it had worked.
"Maybe she's smart enough to work out who she should trust," Tony said.
Tony laughed. "What, teddy bears and elves and rainbows and things?" He became serious. "Steve, what would have happened if you hadn't been with Jarvis when those thugs arrived in the lobby?"
"Of course not," Pepper said, her voice dripping with sarcasm. "Just because you don't want Steve to hear my side..."
"Well," Iron Man said, "as you still won't let me make you a suit, and I'm not sure I'd trust either of the assassination twins with one, or two, and Jan's flight isn't long distance, the team needed wings. So..."
"The heart-shaped herb. Yes."
Where the hell was he?
"Yes, sir. I understand." The woman hesitated, then said, "Sir, if he suspects this charade—"
"He is my brother."
"And activate internal security cameras."
Tony had slept for nearly ten hours at the start of the flight and was now more alert than either of them had any right to expect. It could not be far from sunrise here, some seven hours ahead of Eastern Standard Time
Before the ice, he'd managed to banish this ... desire ... for some men to the very back of his mind. Before the serum, he could not imagine approaching a man any more than he had been able to approach a woman, and after it there had been Peggy...
"Your face must have been a shock to T'Challa."
The Ferrari exploded.
"Jarvis isn't a chemist... or a biologist," Bruce pointed out.
But Tony had been kind to him, rescued him, taken him in, and accepted him without question. So had Howard. Why had he trusted the son from the first while he still felt uneasy about the father?
"No, Steve."
If she was anything like her relatives, and he would have bet his shield she was, Steve was inclined to agree. He also confirmed some suspicions. He inclined his head towards Shuri in respect. "Thank you for engineering Lieutenant Storm's escape."
That hurt, desperately. But not as much as what Tony had done. Tony who had everything to lose – his wife, his daughter, his home, his friends – had willingly sacrificed himself to save the people of the universe from a second Snap.
It was then that the pain began, spreading out from his chest. But Tony had endured a damaged heart, had been dying when Mallen had torn out the reactor the armour had used to save him, that had been keeping him alive.
"Of course."
"I have no time to wait for him to arrive – if he ever does," Hunter said. He took a small case from one of the pouches on his belt and opened it to reveal a syringe filled with a clear liquid. He frowned down at it. "Are you positive this will work, North?"
It was after midnight when they landed in the garage at the Malibu house, the transporter settling beside them, its grisly contents hidden behind sleek technology.
After all the angry words that had been exchanged – and boy, was he still mad at Tony for getting them into this – sharing a bed with him, however necessary was, well, awkward.
"I am," Thor said, with supreme confidence. "Now you have seen to my needs, I suggest you go and see to yours."
That hurt, but Steve refused to let it show. God only knew, Tony had been betrayed by enough people over the last couple of years: it was no wonder he was wary of giving complete trust, even to his team, to his lover.
"Probably, but we seem to have lucked out with the quality press and the tabloids." Bruce squatted down besides Tony and began absently to fiddle with the electronics. "There was... er... a much bigger story."
Bruce snorted. "Comic book references? Really, Tony?"
"Ow! That hurt! What the hell is wrong with you, Tony?"
Tony was dressed again and was gulping down water when he became aware of T'Challa standing watching him, the artificial firelight playing over his impassive face.
Steve looked at the envelope in his hand as if he had never seen it before. His back was stiff. "This came in the mail. It's been forwarded from the Brooklyn apartment – by SHIELD, I suppose."
Tony chuckled. "Ask Weta's animators. Ready for the Mines of Moria?"
"Are you going to claim I belong to Stark Industries, body and ... not soul?" Steve asked.
Jan, clad in what looked like loose cotton pyjamas, was sitting cross-legged on a low bed covered haphazardly with brightly striped blankets. Now she leaped to her feet and flung her arms around him, ignoring the fact that she was hugging a suit of armour, whose presence Tony also regretted.
"Can't I? Just hand it over and watch me."
"Yeah, but you still might have to answer to the Pentagon, and there are people in the USAF that I don't trust any more than I trust SHIELD," Tony said.
Again, the warrior flinched. "You should fear him. I do. So does my lady. Yet she has done his bidding."
"Automated cars now, Stark?" Natasha raised a quizzical eyebrow.
But he couldn't bring that up right now, or maybe ever. Instead, he chose a tactical retreat using another, much more minor grievance. "You said you weren't going to keep... us... a secret from our friends. I thought you'd maybe changed your mind."
Steve, resting his arms casually on the wheel, saw the moment of realisation when the stranger figured out that his 'gnome' might be worth money and this casual young woman might be about to deprive him of his share of it. He wondered what Jan would have done if the guy hadn't got it. Probably dropped even larger hints.
"I really am going to have to work on your scientific education. Quarks are what elementary particles like protons are made of. They have names like Up and Down and Charm and, oh, forget it. Just take it from me that Vibranium doesn't make sense in terms of Earth physics. And Earth physics are supposed to be universal physics."
What had he done?
Tony shrugged. "Yeah. That too." But he had no intention of talking about it. He hit back. "If we're counting emotional cost, what about your brother White Wolf?"
Sitting below the window, practically in Tony's lap with his new lover's arms once again wrapped tightly around him, Steve would have been happy never to move again, but...
"Oh, great. Well, that's good to know. Now. So we won't have to worry about zombies and vampires shooting at us." Sarcasm dripped from the words.
Danvers' eyes went wide. "He's dead?"
As the doors closed, she said, "I'm moving into one of the hotel executive suites we keep in LA as a temporary measure. I'd appreciate you giving access to my contractors to pack and move my personal effects, both in the penthouse and my office, though, of course, I need to keep an office of some kind here. My PA can cope with routine duties. She's ready for promotion."
"Yes, she was," Steve said, before Carter could reply. "She answered the phone call in an imitation of Peggy's voice."
"Yes."
And almost tripped over Janet Van Dyne, dressed in a skintight suit of black and yellow, the electronic weapons he had built for her crackling at her wrists.
Instantly, Iron Man was barrelling forward, his shields brushing away both the shock wave and stone shards.
Tony by-passed Pepper's protesting PA and swung lazily into her office. "Hi, Pep," he greeted, kissing the top of her strawberry-blonde head.
Pepper looked dubious. "Just how long have you been working on this?" she asked, poking at the printouts with a perfectly manicured finger tipped with polish that exactly matched her shoes.
"Iron Man, report your status."
Tony grinned at him, mainly from the relief from tension. "Are you implying that I stink?"
The house was cool and dim, built round a central court filled with white tiles, plants and flowing water. As he watched the old man filling three beakers with liquid from a faucet with a spout fashioned in a crocodile's head, Tony wondered idly how they raised the water, whether it was recycled, if the drainage system went through the pillars on which the house stood, or if there was a central services core that he hadn't noticed on his way inside. The first beaker was offered to T'Challa, who took it with a murmur of thanks, then the others to Steve and Tony, before the old man bowed again to T'Challa and backed from the room.
"Which none of us are likely to see," Natasha said from behind him. "Do not use our names so freely, or I'll communicate yours – your real one - to the authorities."
But had become obvious that his own organisation was leaking too. Someone was trying to kill him... someone who knew he would be within easy reach of the eStark store in White Plains on that particular day, someone who knew that he was arriving at Vicstar Field instead of McGuire, and someone, it appeared, had known he would be in Seattle today.
"I've also included that in the final draft of my report," Pepper replied. "Basically, that by mutual agreement we've decided I should give all my attention to Stark Industries, while you're taking personal charge of Stark Energy. Anything else is none of their concern."
Steve wished with all his heart that he could believe him. "I hurt you," he said again.
That that shore was the centre of SHIELD's search patterns, normally more heavily travelled and, therefore, naturally more dangerous, made him hurry.
They didn't go far.
This wasn't, in itself, a worry for Steve, who was carrying nothing except his (not entirely legal) passport, cash, and a handkerchief. But if they were searching Tony...
"No. I gotta new stealth mode that'll keep it off radar."
"They're out of New York," Fury said. "Leave the rest of it to SHIELD. It's our job."
Too early for retinal patterns, he told himself. Fingerprints?
"Steve only pretends to be my bodyguard," Tony said. "And there's no way I'm gonna let him drive."
"Maybe I should let you try to persuade Hank to help," Howard said reflectively. "That encounter might knock some of that over-confidence out of you."
His mother's face, worn and tired and old before her time, lifeless,  her hand going cold in his.
Taking a deep breath, he allowed himself to fall towards the wall of cloud around the eye, letting the armour be swept along by the force of the wind – no use fighting it – using the repulsors just to stay horizontal until he could see the waves reaching up for him.
"It only looks like swamp, Jarvis. You should be good to go with the armour."
Mjolnir jerked free. Steve tumbled to the floor as Tony deliberately slid forward and under him. The Ancient One's voice stumbled to a halt. The Hammer picked up speed, crashed through the window and was gone.
Whatever he said was going to be wrong. It always was. But he hated silence, and this particular silence was unbearable.
"You saw how fast he's healing and how quickly his hair is growing back," he pointed out. "You missed out a SHIELD agent with a shaved head, by the way."
They rocketed up into the sky as the building collapsed below them.
, and Freyr would not sail that to Midgard, even if Odin ordered it," Thor said. "We must be thankful.”
"Dear God," Clint said. "What the hell happened to the pair of you?"
"I make the funnies," Tony said tartly. "So get on with your story, Queen Bee."
There had been too many questions about why Captain Rogers hadn't been there. Tony had tried to brush them off, but everyone seemed to think they were joined at the hip or something. The SHIELD agents, in particular, had been suspicious and he knew he would have to face Fury sooner or later.
Steve opened his eyes to see Tony kneeling beside the mattress; he had shed the armour and was in his creased and rumpled suit, his tired face alight with relief.
Peering at himself in the mirror, he debated whether to try shaving, and decided against it. The goatee might be a tad fuzzy at the edges, but if anyone dared object he was in no mood to humour them.
Sif gave a single nod. "Safe journey," she said, her voice neutral. Then the horses were galloping back over the bridge.
"You have my consent," Steve said, decidedly not crossing his fingers out of habit, because he wasn't certain if Xavier was telling the truth or if he was already probing. Time to check. "But if you can read my mind you must know that."
"Good morning, Captain," Jarvis's voice said. "Mr Stark asks that you pack enough clothes for several days, but informs you that it will be warm and that you have no need of formal clothing."
He could no longer hold back tears as grief overwhelmed him. He pulled Steve's body into his arms and dropped his lips to the cool forehead where a gash from cheek to hairline showed only faint traces of blood.
Glancing around the room, he spotted a sink with a cupboard above it and one of those coffee machines that seemed to do everything except make an ordinary cup of java besides it. There were several mugs on the drainer, all bearing the Stark Industries insignia. Steve turned on the hot water, gave one a final rinse, and ambled back to where Tony was sitting. Propping the case containing his shield against the side of the tool chest and ignoring the threatening whirr from one of the machines, he picked up the half-empty bottle of whisky resting beside Tony, filled his mug, then folded into a sitting position at Tony's feet, where he was completely unthreatening, his eye level well below the other man's. He figured he could probably finish the bottle before Tony needed a refill or at least keep his consumption below danger level. Of course, that depended on how much Tony had had already.
Yesterday... yesterday, before he strengthened it, he would have been dead by now. He had promised Steve he would come back and he was going to do that. Dying was simply no longer a possibility.
"We would have had this fight then. But at least you would have been in the suit," Steve said dryly.
He trusted that voice, trusted it would keep Bucky safe, would keep him safe too.
Steve winced, and the silence stretched to breaking point. "Is Jim Rhodes okay?" he asked at last.
"Okay, I'll give you that one but this... rush... scares me. When we started this you were all for taking things slowly."
"Bruce!" he shouted, even as a thrown Hatut Zeraze warrior whizzed past his ear. "Bruce, don't—"
"No! I won't accept charity. Not from you."
"So..." Tony clasped arms with Clint, then mentally checked Natasha for obvious weapons before leaning over and pecking her cheek. "Welcome home, Nat."
Steve shook his head. "They're after Tony. Who isn't here."
"Yes."
They finally retreated to the kitchen, argued over what to cook for dinner, then consulted Tony (who growled to "tell Jarvis to order pizza or something"), and finally spent an argumentative hour consulting various menus before ordering a vast Chinese banquet because, as Jan said, "Tony can afford it, though he probably won't come and eat with us."
But Bruce was obsessed with finding a cure for his 'condition' and banishing the 'other guy' for good which meant he proved just as reclusive as Tony himself.
That took care of his erection. Unfortunately, the feel of the cold water caressing his skin turned to the imagined touch of Tony's metal-clad hands, which threatened to bring it back. Desperately, he put his efforts into concentrating on each stroke: on the beat of his feet and the stretch of his arms, on the dip and turn of his head and how many strokes he was taking between each breath...
He was, Tony realised, almost certainly cruising, though whether for female or male marks was open to question.
Instantly, images of Clint and Natasha appeared in front of them. He hadn't had time to update the tech here, so they were visible as if a screen was hovering in the air, rather than the full holographic three-dimensional version available in the Tower.
"C'mon, Zatanna, you already know."
Wait, wait. The stones. Where were the Infinity Stones? Oh God, had he failed at the very start of his mission?
"Huh? Didn't Bruce fill you in?"
He was no longer certain he could cope with this.
was his first thought. Then,
After a few moments, she cleared her calls and turned to look into Iron Man's glowing eye-slits. "You wanted to talk to me, Stark? Why not on official communications?"
There was another awkward silence, then Pepper said, "I want to thank you for assigning Happy to me. I know how much you relied on him, but I really don't feel safe with anyone else."
?" the Panther asked sharply, with a touch of alarm.
A breath later, and the armour impacted on the tower roof in Tony's normal knee down landing position, jarring every bone in his body. It ground forward a foot, a yard, then groaned to a halt.
It was that wistful note that gave Steve the nerve to say, "Play for me now, Tony. Replace the bad memories with new ones."
Tony hadn't even begun to articulate the thought that, "Christ, he's going to break my jaw!" when the fist changed direction, uncurled, grasped Tony's wrist, pulled his hand free from Steve's arm and used it to toss him through the air.
"I'm on the beach," Tony said, with some satisfaction.
Because of SHIELD (and Loki) they had gotten off on the wrong foot – Steve felt incredibly lucky to have been allowed a second chance to get to know the real Tony. It was a friendship he depended on too much to jeopardise.
For what seemed like years he searched desperately for... something.
"No longer an issue." Tony turned to Pepper. "The Porsche is in the lot." He tossed the key to her. "Take care of it."
"I'm fine." It was Tony's standard answer. "Let's get moving before Steve wakes up."
"Not that I know about," Tony replied. "Look, are you suggesting that you abandon 'Captain America'? Because I have to say I am not okay with that. Not at all. There's a whole history of heroism that goes with—"
Then the guard stepped forward, and the hair on Tony's neck rose as he recognised the accoutrements of a Hatut Zeraze warrior. That warrior now waved the SUV to a halt without letting go of his spear, which, according to T'Challa, was tipped with a vibranium alloy that could cut through diamond. When the warrior saw who appeared to be at the wheel, however, he took half a dozen steps backward. The spear, now raised, was shaking slightly in his hands.
The woman was not, as Tony had expected, Chinese or Tibetan; her features were too angular, with no encephalic folds. Right now they were expressionless, but her eyes, green as the Time Stone, pale as her skin, were as cold as frost on grass. They were full of the pain of knowledge and, perhaps, an intellect that matched his own.
All the same, Steve had to wait for him on the threshold. "I get now why you prefer to fly," he said, as he rested a foot on Iron Man's left boot and flung an arm over his shoulders.
"Do you think she's in danger?" Steve asked sharply. "We could ship her out to join you. I know Tony's suggested it before..."
Despite the irritation, Tony ignored the AI. His life depended on the arc reactor and he dared not rest until he figured out how it had been disabled, not to mention how he had survived what Jarvis had calculated was a devastating loss of power. He could not afford a repeat, particularly as he had a feeling they were going to run into the Wicked Witch of Nornland again.
Tony mentally agreed with the decision not to try to land; it would have been a close run thing even in the Ambrose channel where the helicarrier would have been almost in the Atlantic and way too far from the crash site. All the same, if SHIELD had ever hoped to keep their extraordinary craft a secret, those hopes had just been destroyed by a guy in an ornithopter.
Steve's brows had drawn together. "He was the one who was keeping me prisoner?"
"Carrier pigeons?" Clint suggested, with a faint note of desperation.
Since then they had been travelling west and north.
"I trust you," he went on, instead. "Completely. But even if you were
"She wasn't angry with you. She didn't even know about you then, but she knows now that you've saved my life twice in the last week or so." Tony paused as something occurred to him. "What were you doing in White Plains anyway?"
"He thinks she may betray us – him – to SHIELD."
Steve snorted. "Howard kept that opinion pretty quiet, back in the war."
Fandral nodded. "Thor is attracted to intelligence, almost as much as he is attracted to courage. The Allfather, however, does not consider a Midgardian mortal a suitable consort to the heir to Asgard's throne, and certainly not as the King of Asgard that Odin intends to make him. He therefore refused Thor's request and forbade him to return to Midgard save in the direst emergency, such as that of Loki's recent attempted invasion. He also issued an edict that no Midgardian should be brought to Asgard."
"Tesseract?" There was an eagerness in Rhodey's voice that told Tony that he ought to have watched his tongue.
"Jarvis," Steve asked urgently, "is Tony injured?"
Rhodey winced. "I hope not," he said, then added, "Probably. What does Fury want from you, Tony? Apart from a new helicarrier?"
Tony had no intention of giving an inch to any of them, though they made his palms itch for the repulsors.
"Where's White Wolf?" he asked, looking around him.
Tony was already on the run.
"Will they let us take it without Tony?" Jan demanded.
," Tony grumbled. "What happened to the guy who told me something worked on 'some kind of electricity'?"
"I wouldn't say that." The voice was John Storm's. He had followed Steve into the cockpit and was now hanging over the radar screen. "Got this weird ping. Tiny but strong – and movin' like a bat out of hell. It's coming up our tail, boss."
Steve bit back his retort. He should have realised how wound-up Tony was, recognised the tension, fear and guilt that was prompting this ... what was the modern term?... 'inappropriate behaviour'? But he couldn't deal with it now, not when their Wakandan warrior was watching them with a faint air of amusement. Instead he said, deadpan, "Okay, suit yourself." That made Tony laugh, defusing the tension. He shed both jackets, then reached for the buttons of the outer of the two shirts he was wearing.
Tony looked horrified. "I'm not rejecting you, for God's sake, but, look... Just how much fucking experience – sexual experience – do you have?"
"I got a call from Deputy Director Hill. She said you weren't answering your cell. And General Fury wants to see yo— us. Now."
"Tony..." Bruce hesitated. "Wouldn't it be better if you left Steve here?"
He withdrew hurriedly, but evil and terrible, it reached out, searching for him.
Tony rose on his boot jets, quieter than the birdsong and the plop of a fish out in the lake, higher than the roof but not higher than the tops of the trees. He positioned himself above the French doors, then descended vertically at speed, threw the doors wide and raised his hands, palms outwards, repulsors charged.
"Well," Bruce said, in such dry tones that Steve knew he had also detected the falsehood, "let's hope no one coincidentally finds this place. I don't want to call out the Other Guy." His face vanished from the air, leaving his voice lingering like the Cheshire Cat's grin.
Jan laughed. "There is one place Tony likes to be underestimated, and that's in business." She hesitated, then went on, much more seriously, "My Mom once said to me that until he turned eighteen, everything Tony did was an attempt to gain his father's attention, and everything he did after that was an attempt to piss him off. Apparently successfully."
Steve decided to leave his direct-to-Iron Man channel open. He might need it.
The sound of the explosion wasn't particularly loud, but it had come from inside the laboratory complex.
Despite all his efforts, something was still troubling Steve.
Fury stopped pacing and his chin jutted forwards. "No," he growled, "and that body belongs to us."
"You messed up my plans to keep the Avengers operational and able to meet the alien invasion that's almost certainly coming," Tony interrupted. "This business with Hydra, even with Barnes, is a distraction."
A schematic appeared on the HUD.
Steve had never quit. Not when he'd been rejected by the military time after time. Not when he'd lost his mother, then his childhood friend. Not when he'd lost everything else and become a stranger in his own city. Not aliens in that city or hostile gods. Only death had stopped him.
A group of men in the all-too-familiar battledress were clustered about what looked like a field kitchen. Whether sitting or standing, they had the air of men who had nothing much to do or to think about, with the exception of drinking coffee or gossiping.
"Trying to find the control for Stealth mode," Jan answered, her voice slightly muffled as she bent forwards in the co-pilot's seat. "Tony had it installed it on my plane after we got back from Wakanda, so I'm pretty sure he will have installed it— Got it!"
"I'm Colonel Danvers, AFOSI," she said, as soon as they were close enough so that she did not have to raise her voice. "I'm here to interview Lieutenant Storm."
The steps clanged under his feet, the noise echoing madly around the chamber, but they were solid enough and there wasn't anyone to hear. They led into a circular chamber, with smooth concrete walls covering what was presumably rock. There was no sign of a way in or out, other than the stairway.
"Where, exactly?" T'Challa asked. "Their point of origin, Okoye!"
"Yeah. You go lie down. I have work to do."
"Where's the vibranium?" That was the woman.
He should never have tried for a relationship with Pepper. He'd only done that once before – but that disaster was best forgotten, had been forgotten. He had been betrayed then, just as he had been betrayed now. But this mess was partly his fault too. He'd let Pepper manage him for years, because he hadn't wanted to bother, so he'd done what he found interesting, and left the rest to her and Obie. It wasn't surprising that, when he decided to face his responsibilities and take charge of his life and his company, she sought new ways of managing him – and it. Then, when, faced with his impending death, he'd offered her... well, everything ... it was no surprise that she'd grabbed it with both hands.
He did wish he had more time to think. He also wished that it was someone other than Steve who had been carrying the Stones, because there were still all those unresolved issues between them. Above all, he wished he could go home to Pepper and Morgan.
Steve frowned. "Because she thought you'd seen Rhodes."
"You think they have computers?"
"I would have thought Steve would want to talk to Sharon, that she's the ideal person to tell him about Margaret—"
"Eat," Thor said, placing a plate with chunks of bread, slices of rare beef, and cheese in from of him, a knife and fork precariously balanced in between the food. "This is good too," he added, moving butter, mustard and mayonnaise to where Tony could easily reach them.
The window rolled up and Tony let out a shuddering breath.
"It works!" the figure yelled, and it was Hank Pym's voice.
There was no arguing with that sentiment and Steve knew that the easiest way for him to lose Tony's trust was to question his ability to cope. "Be safe," he said, "and come back to me soon."
"You are crazy, both of you." But it was said with resignation, and a kind of admiration.
The other intruder, a huge individual whose head was topped by a buzz cut so short it looked as if someone had sprayed his scalp black, still had his Heckler and Koch shouldered.
Then he was running for the hangar, jinking from side to side at irregular intervals because, though there was no sound of gunfire – indeed, no sound at all – large chunks of pavement were flying through the air. One had glanced off his shoulder, but he ignored it the pain. He'd taken worse blows.
"Yes. In most humans when the body dies, the mind dies too, and the soul energy shatters and is returned to the fabric of the universe. There is no consciousness there, but the fragments carry faint memories and are drawn to minds with aspects that match their own structure. An infant human collects soul energy in its first year. Others, particularly those that carry magic, have souls that hold together even after death." She was still staring at Steve. "Your mind is mainly human," she told him
"Steve." Howard reached out and turned the chair, so he could grasp his shoulder. "Steve, there's no mistake. Both Tony and I saw you on the SHIELD helicarrier when you were on life support. You're not easy to forget. And you've seen the Army photographs and film dating from when you fought in World War 2, though you were wearing the Captain America uniform in both. And there's the way your wounds healed. That's the super soldier serum, which has never been duplicated."
He wondered if he fooled anyone.
"She's an Avenger," Steve said, annoyed that Danvers might doubt that after the events at Malibu and the last five minutes.
"You mean you won't tell me."
"No!" Tony exclaimed, then, in response the Natasha's quizzical eyebrow: "For one thing, we can't produce a body. So Captain Rogers will have to disappear as mysteriously as he arrived. I have no intention of handing over the shield and, for the sake of Steve's reputation; I'm also continuing the lawsuits over the Captain America name."
"Get on with it," he gasped. "Come on, Steve, fuck me.
"Colonel Carol Danvers, USAF," Tony said, grateful to have at least one piece of information that Pepper didn't. "She's a... friend of Rhodey's. So she was flying the plane, not—" He cut off the rest of that sentence just in time. Pepper was angry enough already without him mentioning the only pilot he knew Steve had access to. Steve didn't have a pilot's licence. Not that that would have stopped him...
The Panther's expression was now inscrutable "Less than half a dozen."
Then, "Come on, let's untangle you," Tony said. "I tell you, Steve, I'm going to throw a big time fancy dress party, invite the press, and make you wear this outfit – why are you wearing a fucking sword, anyway?"
"I take it Storm's in the left hand C-5," Danvers said, having come to the same conclusion as Steve. "We'll take it from here." She raised her voice. "I'm Colonel Danvers, acting with the authority of the Secretary of the Air Force and the base commander. All of you will stand down. Put away those weapons and report to the base commander with an explanation of your conduct. Now.”
Steve chuckled. "It means that I won't understand most of what you say."
"Like hell you weren't! I realise you don't like it here, but if you're that keen to escape from the twenty-first century I'll give you a damn gun – at least it'll be clean!"
"Ah, Tony," Steve's voice said. A hand bearing a steaming mug descended in front of Tony's eyes, then, as he made to grasp for it, was withdrawn. "You can't drink it lying on your stomach," Steve pointed out.
"War Machine is calling you again," his computer said as he turned towards the continental USA.
"Jim did."
"I can hire a plane," Jan said. "Though not landing rights at Travis."
"Yeah."
"I know
"Only to tell her I'm on my way. I'll handle it." Though Tony was not at all sure that he could. He stopped the car just inside the gates and turned to Steve, who was watching him warily, the way he had all the way back from Xavier's.
It took all Tony's willpower to remain unrelenting in the face of that crack in Steve's quintessential stubbornness. "I've spoken to Barton," he said. "You refused to see that, refused to recognise it as a possibility, which is why Zemo is still at large, possibly with the Winter Soldier at his side."
Twenty-six... twenty-seven... twenty-eight...
"I have noticed," the man said, hesitantly, "that he seems to be in more pain when his friends are with him. Perhaps there is a reason."
Less than a minute later, the lift doors opened and Avengers spilled out into the garage. Jan yelped and flung herself at Hank, who had braced himself to stay upright with reactions honed by long practice.
Steve saw the gleam in Tony's eyes as he opened his mouth to reply and kicked his ankle hurriedly. "Let's hope that it doesn't affect Artificial Intelligence. But if it does, what do you have to do?"
"White Wolf, then." It wasn't a question. "And with T'Challa and Tony presumably captured, I'll bet everything I've got that they're being taken there too."
Steve kicked at the knee, then the shoulder, trying to topple the robot which caught his ankle in mid-kick and hurled him towards the wrecked vehicles. Twisting in the air, he landed close enough to Howard to tell him, "Get out of here. I'll distract whoever-he-is, then deal with him."
"Not broken yet, sir," Steve said, humour lurking in his voice. "Despite your best efforts."
The incoming tide was now crashing against the base of the headland on which the house stood, so Steve turned inland, testing himself against the stiff climb up the cliffs.
"You're going to let us go?"
It was moving slowly, in a wide spiral, one of the rotors plainly out of commission. Even as he watched, another feathered then cut out.
The mattress crackled uncomfortably under him, and exploration revealed Steve's letter. Tony growled and looked round for a trash can. Unable to locate one, he settled for laying the letter carefully on the bedside table, telling himself that it was, after all, a curiosity. And he'd get rid of it later.
The study was almost exactly the opposite of everything in the Stark house; book lined, with Victorian antique furniture, and a number of second-rate browning seascapes in baroque gilded frames, and reeking of nostalgia and convention.
"Bad memories?" she asked, and it did not occur to him until much later that it was strange she used that word instead of 'dreams'.
A bright percussive energy bolt, tiny but powerful, struck him on the jaw, sending him staggering backwards. Steve left him to Danvers' not-so-tender mercies. It was with fierce joy at being able to hit something that he bounded across to the two men covering the parked aircraft, who had absolutely no warning as he disarmed and disabled them in four swift manoeuvres.
But Tony wasn't. He wasn't ready for this, for a Steve who had
Tony shrugged within Steve's grip. "I thought you'd have realised that we have to pick up Thor and his people. Every minute they're on the road they're in danger." He tried to step back, but Steve wouldn't let him.
Tony was still smarting as he watched another tanker draw up beside the Gulfstream V – the only SI aircraft currently available – with a barely controlled urge to get his own hands on the rig. They would be faster through the safety checks if he did them himself, and if this mob didn't get a move on he was going to miss the meeting and Pepper was going to kill him...
"Not badly. That's just the bruising coming out. Your back, though, must be much worse... I noticed last night that you weren't letting it touch anything, even a chair back or the mattress."
"Steve's still recovering from his temporary demise, and I've been in the armour for hours," Tony said, hoping they couldn't see the dressing strapped to Steve's back.
"Sure I can," Steve said. "In the military there are times when it's not just legal but mandatory to disobey orders. This was one. Besides, Rhodes is your friend, and no one but a fool would send a friend to kill you."
"It's a straightforward pickup," Tony said. "They've got a lot of scientific equipment on their truck, as well as Foster's scientific team, my driver and Thor. That's why we need both aircraft. Steve and I are going as insurance."
The lean, sun-tanned man at Hennis's side, the back of whose head had apparently been sprayed red, snapped, "Military Intelligence and Criminal Investigation Oversight," without even a glance towards the man he was addressing.
"Mainly! He's fully human," Tony insisted. "Charles Xavier certainly thought so!"
"Tony Stark is his own man," Steve said. "After what he's done, he doesn't need anyone to vouch for him."
"Yes, sir."
"I think I could have gotten him in," Danvers said. "But, to be honest, I just meant to tip him off. And I expected to find Jim here."
Bruce was looking puzzled. "Peggy Carter is...?"
"You okay, boss?" Happy mumbled as he climbed slowly out of the limo.
Steve's slow smile, which Tony had never expected to see again, lit his face. "You mean apart from go to bed with you?
"Not unless your name is Hank Pym."
"Which is why Tony made no attempt to let you – or anyone else – know. I have no doubt that his conversation with Natal—Natasha and Agent Barton is going to be uncomfortable."
If he allowed himself to believe otherwise, even for a few seconds, the disappointment would be...
His own dick jerked in response.
"Borrow. And that
The scrawl of a signature at the end might have been anything, including an attempt by an arthritic hand to hold a pen. The first letter did look like P, though.
T'Challa looked surprised, then nodded decisively. "You are right. Now is not the time for ancient protocols. We need to speak together urgently, with no misunderstandings."
"I have a warning for you – but a question first. The guy flying the pterathopter—"
"That's none of your business."
"And charged. Don't dare let them hit my shields again. Still recharging." A trap for him, which Cap would have already worked out. No use telling him to use that advantage to leave, though. He said, "Nothing outside – except cops. Power source must be in here somewhere. Is anyone here still alive?"
Then a shout of greeting went up and he and Jan were swiftly seated and offered food of a mixed variety of cuisines and nutritional value. He almost refused, but after the first mouthful he set to with a will, hardly caring what he was eating.
And then there was the Tower. Avengers Tower, apparently, if the Avengers were going to exist in the future.
There was a long silence, and Tony's heart sank with every second it was extended. Finally, Steve pushed himself up on his elbows to meet Tony's eyes. "I'm sorry. I want to— I want that so much, but I can't. I have to find Bucky—"
"Our enemies come here by magic," Okoye said in a tone that brooked no argument. "I have had them under observation and they now have vehicles that can travel through the deepest jungle. Those appeared overnight in the city, as if the magics that protect us did not exist."
That was Jean's telepathic call.
"I have sworn to protect Midgard."
"They'd all love to take you down so close to a Presidential election," Clint added.
Thor let go, leaving the Iron Man to take the whole weight of the truck, which rocked ominously forward. But Thor whirled with unbelievable speed, and both hands were suddenly braced besides Iron Man's halting the incipient forward movement of the vehicle. His head went down, his muscles flexing and he roared with the effort, almost as loudly as the Hulk would have done.
"That might be little difficult right now. Do you have a fix on our position?"
"Ready."
Jan was giggling.
Tony chuckled. "Well, you can come to the workshop with me and give me a hand upgrading the security around here. I have a meeting with Bartowlski tomorrow that I can't put off and it may take some time. But I want this place to be the safe haven for you – for us both – that you saw it as."
"I cannot reach Colonel Rhodes, sir, and I do not think the other Avengers would be ... suitable."
"Well, yeah, I guess."
But then he noticed that the Hulk's feet might be sinking an inch or so into the sidewalk, but when he moved the surface was intact.
"Steve..." he said.
"No, thank you, Mr Stark. I'm afraid that this cannot be considered a social call," Cheyo said, a little gruffly.
"You're
"I make no personal claim on the name – it wasn't my idea –" Steve said firmly. "I can be Captain Rogers." He grinned. "Which is laying just as great a claim to the heritage, as it happens."
The boot jets fired, lifting Steve away even as Tony fired both repulsors at the Doombot's neck.
Steve grinned. It totally transformed his face. Tony almost wanted to hide from what the brilliance was doing to his hangover. "Not exactly. But I had to make sure they were ready to fight the next day."
"Do you want me to lend you suitcases?" Jan asked Pepper sweetly. "Or maybe a cabin trunk or two."
"Yes, you are. You took me and Bruce in out of kindness."
"Nope," Steve said. Then, "You're actually pretty spry for an eighty-year old."
"Oh. LMD, maybe?"
He came awake gasping and sweating, as he had so many time since Steve died.
Tony dashed to the windows.
"C'mere." Tony pulled Steve forward and wrapped his arms around him, and there seemed nothing for Steve to do but return the favour, resting his head on Tony's shoulder.
He sat up hurriedly.
It was a vaguely familiar voice. Female. Not Pepper, though. And there was another familiar noise behind it: the clatter of helicopter rotors, the roar of its engines.
"Just bruised." Tony used his grip on Steve to haul himself painfully to his feet. "You've got battlefield first aid experience. Help Jan with Hank. I'll check the damage, see if I can contact Jarvis."
"Kill
He needed to go back east, maybe not to New York, but to the cities he at least partly understood.
"Thor is right about you." She hesitated, then plainly made up her mind. "You are right, but do not speak of it to Thor, I beg you. His dearest friend, the very best of us, vanished many years ago, so long that, even in Asgard, all hope is gone. I think, perhaps, he sees something of that old grief in you and your friend Anthony Stark. He is most anxious to reunite you. And to return to Midgard to be reunited himself with Jane Foster."
"Do you think you can walk a mile and three eighths or so?" It was at moments like this that Steve was reminded that the Asgardians were speaking a different language. The Allspeak was sometimes too literal and sometimes too vague.
The rest of the company – a huge man with rusty hair and beard falling haphazardly in spiral curls; a compact, frowning man with features that set him apart from all the other Asgardians that Steve had so far seen, his black hair radiating  in short parasol spikes from a top knot; a slender and fierce-looking young woman with a sword in her belt; Fandral, and Thor – exchanged looks that ranged from puzzlement to alarm.
Tony had almost dropped the ball once on this one and he wasn't about to make that mistake again. "Phil's duty meant a great deal to him," he returned, voice and expression as bland as he could make them. "He saw what – and who – was needed to get the job done." For the first time he looked at the man beside him with suspicion. He had no evidence that this man was who he said he was, but even if he was legit...
Someone yelled a warning as they spotted Iron Man, but by then he was on them, repulsors blazing at full power, his anger making him ruthless.
"Wrong answer. You shall not pass."
Steve grinned. "No-one goes off Tony Stark's radar." He paused and shook his head. "You know, for me, a year ago radar was still pretty much top secret and now it's an idiom."
Even as they spun out of control, Steve was thinking about the effect on Tony's severely bruised ribs and winced in sympathy, and not just because the Iron Man's grip on his arms was tight enough to be painful. For which he was grateful...
Steve was getting the impression that, in Jan's opinion, no one was quite as much of a genius as Hank. He himself reserved judgement; he had had Tony's brilliance demonstrated to him much more convincingly, and Tony himself had the highest regard for Bruce's work.
Now Tony did look at him properly. "I knew you were going to freak out," he said. "And you did."
"Sounds about right. As Chairman, I'll disallow any questions that look like getting personal."
"I don't understand," Steve replied. "You're a magician? And a physician? And what is the Allspeak?"
"Tony invited T'Challa to join the Avengers," Jan said. "He accepted, on the basis that we could call on each other in need."
It was only when he stood looking down at their still bodies that he had time to wonder how he had done this, and why.
"But you were so angry with me."
"Go to your room, young lady. We'll have words later."
And that was a lie. But he could hardly say, "I met someone else the day before yesterday." Not when he wasn't likely to be able to date Steve. And when he had to avoid giving Pepper the choice between him and SHIELD. "You'll always be my friend, Pepper, and you'll always have the Rescue armour. Mind you, if anyone except you tries to tamper with it, or even examine it too closely, all the electronics will be scrambled and the servos will melt down. Then I'll upgrade it for you, every time, because you deserve it. And when, in about twenty years time, you're Director of SHIELD, maybe—"
Instantly, he felt much better.
That night, they went to sleep in Steve's bed. Tony was no longer troubled by his parents having slept – or even that they had had sex – there. Besides, they were both exhausted. Even though Gene had gotten rid of most of the evidence of alien – and Doomian – incursion, clean up had taken a while, and their helpers had performed a sort of Farewell symphony. The first person collected had been Clea. Her transport had arrived in a traditional puff of smoke; a man dressed very untraditionally in blue tunic and tights, plus a red cloak with an ear-high collar and a huge gold broach clasping the cloak at his throat. Tony envied him the neatly trimmed facial hair, but not the white streaks at his temples or the lines in his face.
Some of that paperwork – and it would be paper – might still exist somewhere, though his father had somehow gotten his hands on most of it and Jarvis had wiped all the computer records. He didn't think these guys had any of it.
Their lips met in a kiss that was full of need. Then there was nothing but Tony in the entire universe, nothing but Tony and the need for union with him. Tony kissed back just as ferociously, one hand still clasping Steve's, the other raking into his hair. Steve was no longer aware of where they were, just of touch and scent and Tony gasping his name.
The Ancient One ignored that. "I warned Doctor Banner about the possible consequences to the timestream of taking the Infinity Stones into the future. I trusted him. It appears I was wrong."
Tony shook his head. "What the fuck is magic, anyway?" he snarled.
Tony considered. "Yes to the first question, no to the second."
The Doombot was staring down at the artefact, grasping it so tightly that it seemed to Steve that he was trying to crush it.
"I called Jarvis, and he told me you weren't available but put me through to Jan. She suggested a plan."
But then... maybe he hadn't been on the same page as Pepper for a while. "I couldn't anyway. We're not actually dating." He had to fight to stop himself adding something about, "On your orders." It wasn't fair, anyway. He had been kinda relieved by Virgil's suggestion.
Steve looked at him with amused affection. "I know you love me, Tony. It was the only reason I agreed to this; that after all the things I've said to you, I've done to you, you still took me in, cared for me, took me to bed..."
"I can sympathise," Steve told her. "I wanted to be a commercial artist, but the war got in the way."
"Why, is someone looking to buy it?"
"You already are."
The plane having come to a stop, Tony straightened, picked up the suitcase containing the armour and bolted down the steps. A still-grinning Steve followed at his heels.
and she was – still is, in some ways – the best thing that had ever happened to me. She... we... our relationship was already in trouble and you... I couldn't— I thought we'd sort of agreed to forget it. Silently." He took a deep breath and went on the offensive. "Anyway, within twenty four hours you were trying to beat the shit out of me."
"I'm in."
"The flag. What else? I take it you've laid claim to this one on behalf of the Air Force? Or is the Joint Chiefs?" Tony was well aware of the three way quarrel between the Mayor, SHIELD and the US Military as to who should take possession of the Chitauri technology that had lying around Manhattan, immovable, for the past month as the clean-up and building crews worked around them.
A long limo with darkened windows drew up at the kerb, and the passenger door slid back, allowing Steve to leap inside and escape the cell phones. Happy, in the driver's seat, was already signalling to pull out into the traffic.
Pain tightened in Tony's chest and, for a moment, he couldn't breathe as memories overwhelmed him, of sitting with Pepper and Steve, candlelight limning their beautiful – loved – faces, arguing long into the night with all their passion and wit and intelligence, lost beyond recall.
Fucking hell, this was what Clint meant, Fury's ace-in-the-hole, the bait he had always intended to dangle in front of Captain America. This woman was meant to be a connection to the past. Steve's only connection. How could he resist it?
There was nothing Steve could say to that; what he could do was kiss Tony with all the tenderness he could summon.
"Not to me. But you're good at keeping secrets. And I may need a weapons designer to owe me a favour, one of these days. So I'll help you, if I can."
"They offered us a butler," he said, "but I didn't think you wanted anyone hovering." He straightened, looking at the rearranged table with satisfaction. "That's better. No point of peering at each other over condiments and candelabra and flower arrangements."
Still nothing.
"Jarvis, security breech!" he said. "Fuck it, I thought I'd built some loyalty into your algorithms. Am I or am I not due some respect around here? Who created you, anyway?"
He did not mention Summers, but Steve could guess that neither he nor Tony was fully trusted, at least by Summers.
"C'n walk," he protested, but he was too restrained by the comforter to escape.
"I want your word that you're not recording this," the caller growled in response.
Fuck, fuck, fuck. The man's timing was impressively bad.
Howard sighed. "I suspect that conversation isn't going that well. Though it is time Tony faced up to having to deal with relationships. He went along with Pepper, who's in love with him, or thinks she is, because that was the easiest thing to do. So he needs to face the consequences, however painful they are."
"I don't understand."
Had Tony actually slept at all in the armour on the way out here?
Which made Steve smile. "You are prejudiced. But she was the first woman I'd ever wanted. You have no idea what a relief that was, for a fella like me, back in the forties. Then there was the serum and, well, wow!"
Meanwhile, the warrior ran some sort of wand above Tony's body, watching the way it changed colour. Then he shoved it into his belt and reached towards Tony's shirt buttons.
"I did."
"You can tell Nat and Clint," Tony had said in the few minutes of privacy they managed to snatch before Tony climbed into the Iron Man suit and the rest of them departed for JFK airport. "Or you can let it ride and I'll break it to them when we get to Seattle."
He did not recognise that face, but he did instinctively trust it.
He had just spotted the tunnel entrance ahead when metal-clad hands grasped him round the waist and hauled him into the air, the bike dangling from his hands, almost jerking his arms from their sockets as the ground fell away at the speed of an express elevator. But he didn't dare let go, the bike that Howard had modified for him a far too precious link with the past, the only one left, except for his shield.
In which both Rhodey and Tony react badly, and some secrets are revealed.
"You don't have a piano at the Penthouse," Steve pointed out.
"Sir," Jarvis interrupted, "there is a concentrated and highly sophisticated attempt to access SI's and your personal computers in progress."
"I am – or should be – working on my PhD in biochemistry at the Sorbonne."
Tony's eyes swept on over him and lighted on Colonel Danvers. "Have you crashed my plane, Danvers?" he demanded.
Tony burst out laughing, though only he knew that that laughter was forced. "Oh, sure, you expected to find him alive, did you? I doubt it. You were after the shield and Hydra's tech and maybe even what remained of Erskine's serum in Captain America's frozen body."
"You think he still has sources of information." Fandral was not asking a question.
Opening his eyes a slit, he could see the back of the driver and passenger seats, though very little of their occupants. Night was falling and, through the windshield, he could see little that wasn't caught in the headlight beams.
"Who designed the backyard rocket that killed all of them," Tony said. "Brilliant theoretical scientist, Richards, but no engineer."
"Power down to sixty percent," Jarvis reported.
prisoner, to do with as I please," T'Challa said haughtily, not pausing as they entered a corridor, with closed doors to either side, labelled in a script that looked like it bore a possible relation to Arabic. "He has information about the whereabouts of my brother – after I have that information you may have him to do with as you wish."
"Fund your superhero habit?"
Tony sighed and reached for the buttons of his shirt to uncover the ARC reactor—
"Professor Charles Xavier. He's a telepath."
Knowing better than to remark on it, Steve just held him tightly and waited for some kind of explanation.
"And you make sure I can find you," Steve said, in sudden revelation, not sure why he was still angry, not even sure that he was still angry.
Someone said something urgently in a language Tony did not understand or recognise, though it sounded a little like Swahili.
Fuck it, he'd hated the CEO job, and Pep was welcome to it. He could be Chairman, and research engineer, and superhero (and liking two out of three wasn't that bad) and do all those jobs better than anyone.
All of which was familiar from his childhood, from London back in the war...
"They don't have the tech." It was Tony's ultimate dismissal.
"We don't have an informant at SI," Fury ground out.
The thing was obviously old, probably alien, and the only thing Tony was certain about that it was functional rather than decorative – and that was instinct going against all the facts.
He held out an arm and Steve stepped into his grip, his right foot resting on Iron Man's left. They shot into the air to the accompanying shouts of the SHIELD agents.
"In New York traffic? He'll have the advantage on foot, even at this hour... uhuh."
"Let us hope that this does not occur to Odin," was all Hogun said.
"Get down!" Tony shouted at Steve, lunging forward, boot and hand repulsors blazing, in an attempt to snatch his teammate into the air, but Steve had already dived behind a wall of rubble.
"None of you can do anything right now. A lot of the equipment still isn't working and the computers aren't on line," Tony said. "That's because of you, Rogers. I need to get to work on it right away."
"Trying to kill Tony Stark," Steve said. "Unfortunately, he can't tell us why."
"Nah. Never travel without the suitcase armour nowadays," Tony said, as he opened the case and began to don the lightweight suit, feeling the weight of Steve's eyes on him.
Tony yelped and grabbed for the nearest handhold, which happened to be Steve, who smothered his own exclamation of surprise and tightened his grip on the door. Not that either of them supposed they would escape with their lives...
"No I didn't. And I don't sleep with anyone out of kindness. If anyone took advantage it was me. I've been trying to keep my hands off you for months."
"What do we know?" Tony asked.
The irresistible force had just, Tony speculated, met the immovable object.
"And it passed every test. No other arc reactor has shown any sign of instability. Still looks like sabotage to me, Fury, which is your expertise."
"Do you remember a woman I hired on Pepper's instructions last year? I think she worked with you both for a while. Natalie Rushman. A redhead. Very well qualified but left in a hurry shortly after that disastrous affair at Stark Expo."
"Oh, come
That would solve all their problems.
Only one way to find out.
Naturally, no one moved.
Carefully, he shifted position until the tail was over tarmac and within reach of the work crew with their lasers and mobile cranes.
"What exactly, are you implying?" Tony demanded, but he knew, he knew, and the taste of it was bitter. Carter was claiming that she might be an even better link to Steve's past than being Peggy's great-niece and virtual double. Peggy's granddaughter – and Steve's? She looked like Peggy, but the colouring...
"Have you and Jarvis located Barton and Romanoff?"
"On her way to a private clinic, with high security. I owe Obadiah that much," Howard said. "Not to mention that she originally stole the mask from my vault. They'll report on whether she says anything but right now she seems to be in shock."
A vague familiarity nagged at him, urged him to go up when he reached a stairway. Companionway?
"Figures. But, hey, man, I've been wanting to talk to you. That was a great idea to call up that missile and steer it through the portal," Rhodes said, "but it was also a helluva risk, buddy."
"Agents, put down your weapons and surrender – now!" The amplified Iron Man voice boomed out, echoing in the jungle. "You've invaded a foreign country and they don't like strangers here."
"I think I hated it just because it had changed."
"Jarvis?"
He found Tony sprawled face down on the decaying leather couch shoved against a wall in the darkest corner of the workshop. It was the only piece of furniture that wasn't both new and pristine that Steve had seen anywhere in the Tower. DUM-E was standing – crouching – parked – whatever – beside it, waving an equally threadbare comforter in its mechanical hand.
Tony shifted Steve's limp body so it lay over his left shoulder, leaving at least one hand – and one repulsor – free to defend them all. (That his left hand was, of necessity, cupping Steve's ass, was – of no consequence. Nor was it distracting at all.)
"We are, at Metropolitan General. In ER, by the way, Steve."
Howard, meanwhile, was frowning at Tony. "Is that a triple espresso you're drinking, Anthony?"
"Yeah. You know, expert at shrinking things. And if you've got the technology to shrink someone, it's not that hard to adapt it to make them grow."
There was a sound of a window winding down and he could see the back of the driver's head as he leant towards it.
"Apart from Barton and Romanoff? Orcs? Cave trolls? A balrog?"
"Bodies?" Tony was asking sharply, without looking up, his fingers dancing across the StarkPad's screen.
Jan, meanwhile, marched up to Iron Man and hammered her fists against the chest plate. "You – said – he – was – dead," she repeated, emphasising each word with a hard bang.
"Before you steal them from me for StarkEnergy, right?" Pepper said, in that I-know-your-game-Mister-Stark voice that he hadn't heard for a while.
"Well," he shot back, "you can argue possession with the Mayor and SHIELD, if you can shout loud enough to be noticed."
But Hennis had him again, was shaking him furiously, and was demanding that he open the elevator doors.
"Well, whaddya know," Tony's voice, even distorted by the Iron Man synthesizer, sounded both delighted and shocked. "It's a steampunk pterosaur. Oh my God, it's even flapping its wings. It's an ornithopter! Pterathopter? That is such a lousy design. But I want one to play with."
"That would be great, ma'a— Pepper."
He swung her round with apparent delight. "Jan! How's my favourite grad-student/fashion designer?"
"She could have been on vacation."
Okay, he
"I'm cold. You just pulled me out of a hot spa into the freezing night." Tony shrugged Steve's hands away and reached for his robe. "I don't suppose you brought me that Martini?"
me. Always."
"The Panther god's temple is on that island and the nearer I am to him the more likely he is to listen to me. He can lift the magic that protects Wakanda, and allow your armour in."
Yeah, like heck he did.
Ignoring the order, Steve freed his seat belt and plunged through the cockpit hatch, even as the plane tilted forwards and sideways, wings almost brushing the tops of the hangars, just in time to see the sky open like an eye, a dazzlingly bright blue-white eye, a terribly familiar portal leading God only knew where.
Jan waved a hand towards the other woman. "Meet Doctor Betty Ross. Betty, this is Captain Steve Rogers."
But the Wakandan had no damn right to make such a suggestive comment to Steve.
Steve stared resolutely ahead, biting his lip in an attempt not to respond.
"Is this mutiny, Rogers?" Fury demanded, and Tony couldn't tell if he was joking or ready to pull out restraints.
"It got broken."
"The grandkids are at Disney World, Tony. I think Sandro's going to miss Florida, but we can't be sure."
"Help yourself to beer or whatever you want from the cooler, then sit down and talk to me. How d'you like your steak?"
Steve's face set into expressionlessness as he tried to conceal the hurt. He had bared his own heart to Tony but his lover had just shut him out. By time Tony turned to look at him, dark eyes huge and only a faint flush visible on the planes of his cheekbones, Steve's best poker face was in place.
"Help us," Steve whispered.
"And I suppose he told you that I betrayed him." Pepper's tone was bitter. "That I was some sort of agent working for SHIELD?"
Tony sighed, and wished Pepper hadn't also confiscated the slim silver flask that normally lay flat in his pocket, the jacket tailored to hide even that small bulge.
but liked or respected me anyway."
to be alive. Had to have found Natasha and Clint. Had to find some way to protect them...
," Tony was saying. It sounded like an accusation. "And you passed out."
Steve's voice was soft. "If you tell them your quarrel was personal, Tony, it will get you some sympathy and buy you time."
Tony grinned to himself, though without much humour. He was beginning to get to Fury, after all. "You could try. But that wouldn't get you your agents back. And if you can't find Wakanda, how can you invade it? Going to throw another nuke this way? I wouldn't advise it."
The soldiers and Tony were clustered together in a bare concrete room, with no apparent way in or out, no elevator controls visible. Tony had meant to be in the elevator, but had not counted on it. It just made the odds on his own survival a little longer, and they were inching into unacceptable territory as it was.
you are." Tony settled in beside him. "Fuck it, you were doing so well over at the Tower."
"For both of us to be naked, to have all the time in the world, to talk, to make love as quickly or slowly as the mood takes us, without enemies waiting somewhere beyond the gates."
"Including the US," Tony added.
"Jay, I remain impressed by my own genius in creating you. I presume you have hacked both CODIS and the Pentagon's database. Who was it?"
"I'll be careful," Selvig said. "Tell Thor to come on over when you see next see him. And tell him we have beer. Lots of beer."
"Then I don't see how you get from you touching the device to me being in this body. And how can you be sure your 'weird experience' was a result of touching it?"
Jarvis had even contributed an, "Oh well done, sir," when Hermandez had told Clayton to, "Just shut up and let Tony handle it."
"But the Tesseract is still in Asgard?"
"I'll deal with him." It was Steve's Captain America voice. "Into the car, both of you."
Happy, bless him, drove directly into Tony's private garage from which Steve took the equally private elevator to the penthouse. He was squelching towards the guest suite he had been occupying, when the door to his left – the door to Tony's bedroom, though he had never been through it – opened and a woman's voice said, "Tony, is that—oh."
"No wonder the Security guards wanted to know how you were. And no wonder you didn't take off what remained of the jacket where I could see it."
Bruce's eyes narrowed as he surveyed Tony. "What the hell did you do to yourself, Stark? Or—?" A shadow settled on his expression. "Oh, Christ, it wasn't the Hu— the Other Guy, was it?"
When the robot had landed facing him, only a few feet away, he still felt no fear. And when the face of the robot lifted away to reveal that of a man he was not surprised, and not surprised by what he could distinguish of that shadowed face, lit from below by the light glowing in the metal chest.
Steve had withdrawn his hand, allowing Tony to bury his face in a cushion, though he wasn't sure if he was disappointed or relieved. He certainly didn't need to see Bruce's raised eyebrow as he asked, "Do you want me to go on?"
"I remembered because it was so unusual – Ms Potts doing something like that, I mean, and insisting Rushman bring the transfer papers down to her personally. And approving her transfer to your personal staff."
Okoye had waited until he had finished speaking, but only just. Her words followed his as he drew breath, and there was a question in them.
He had been silent too long. Tony's hand gripped his bicep, and Steve did not resist the pull which brought them face to face. And Tony's face was too close. His eyes, darker than the shadows beyond the lake, only a few inches from Steve's own, were shrewd and assessing, the eyebrows above them drawn together and high forehead lined in a frown. "Steve? You okay?"
Tony wasn't at all sure how to answer that, and Steve said nothing. "You worked hard for that Academy place," Tony said finally, "and I sure as hell don't want to put that in jeopardy."
Tony continued hurriedly. "I can find you some unused boxers and a clean shirt if you really need something to sleep in."
Transferring an arrow to his right hand he hurled it into the night, not at the attackers, but angled to the right.
"Definitely not a coincidence," Tony agreed. "Though I think Thunderbolt Ross may have something to do with that. From what I know of him, he's obsessed with the Hulk and the whole super-soldier business, but I honestly think he's too much of a patriot to be involved in the potential coup. However, the Eternal Champions – no, fuck it, I'm not going to dignify them with that name – the... the Moorcock Mob have been happily trying to sell the Hulk to him and would have sold Cap if they'd gotten the chance."
"In that case I may be able to figure where he's been taken. Jan?"
"Of course. I am chosen of the Panther god. Enhanced night vision – how would you Americans say? – comes with the territory."
"I am not going to call out the Other Guy so you can play interrogator!" Bruce protested, ignoring the fact that Tony was busy exchanging rude hand signals with the cab driver.
