There’s silence for several full seconds, then the very deliberate sound of bare feet shuffling across the tiles as Steve rounds the table, the scrape of the chair he pulls out across from Tony, and the almost inaudible groan of protest the wood gives when he drops into it. “You should probably go back to sleep, yourself.”
Steve’s scowl deepens. “And what’s your excuse?”
Tony twitches, the movement only noticeable because Steve is still mostly pressed against him, but the smile he turns on Steve looks almost real, and that throws Steve more off balance than if Tony had pushed him away. “No promises,” Tony replies, the corners of his eyes crinkling as his smile grows.
“It’s the store that sold our suits,” Tony tells him, hand tightening in a warning, “to help support several of the city’s homeless shelters. I told you last night they’d called to thank us, remember?”
“It had nothing to do with the fact that he was male,” Tony snaps, then shuts his mouth again. This isn’t Pepper’s fault.
“Do you not –”
“Am I bleeding?” Tony’s eyes go even more squinty.  “What are you doing here?”
“You’re thinking too much,” she says. “Please stop. That only works in business and engineering, and this is supposed to be a party.”
Fury eyes him speculatively for a minute, then leans his elbows on the table. “This isn’t going to be easy,” he says, and it’s not soft, Steve’s not sure Fury knows how to speak softly, but it is quiet, a low rumble of words. “What you’re doing with Stark,” he clarifies, “it’s not going to be easy. But it’s what we’ve got.”
Tony takes the opportunity to kick out of his own boxers, and stretch out across the bed to dig through his bedside drawer.
“Right,” Steve nods, not really in response to Tony’s words, but decisively, anyway. “So.” He isn’t really sure where to go from here. Maybe best to ease into casual conversation. “I saw the photos. From last night. They were. Something else.”
“Yes, ma’am,” Steve says again. He has faced down actual armies, and yet it is this immaculately dressed civilian businesswoman that unnerves him. He is unsurprised.
“Do I need the suit?” Tony asks, but he doesn’t mean it. There’s no hostility there that Tony can sense. Hasn’t felt any since he crashed in the field outside. There’s just a background tension there, making the air between them vibrate with a frequency Tony can’t hear. He wonders if Steve can hear it, with his enhanced senses.
Tony cuts her off. “The article?”
Tony’s looking startled again, and Steve’s a little startled, himself, but it’s nice to talk like this, he’s finding, like relaxing after lifting weights, just letting everything go. He doesn’t really have an end goal, here, is just saying things as they come to him, but still. It’s surprisingly good.
,” he stresses the word, because even if Thor doesn’t mean ‘proposal’ the way Steve had initially taken it, he still doesn’t like it, “that I made was changed a bit, but the intent is still to convince the general public that we’re not going to fail at saving the world because of infighting.”
, and then he remembers. Stark Tower. He’s in Tony’s penthouse apartment in Stark Tower. The meeting, the move, the dinner date, relaxing for once to friendly jokes instead of bracing for harsh jibes, walking out of the restaurant with the barest pressure of Tony’s fingers against the small of his back, the flashbulbs going off in their faces before they even hit the pavement.
It’s less than five minutes to get the last of the passengers out of the train, clutching their belongings and moving in tight knots, though only a few of them shriek when the rats get too close. At least one of them is taking video, and several others have their phones out, clearly trying to get pictures. Tony is unimpressed.
Steve had been under the impression Ms. Potts and Tony weren’t a couple any longer, but some of the things he’s seen today would imply otherwise.
Tony takes another deep breath of the sweet steam rising from the cup in front of him, flicks a glance up at Steve, then looks back at the hot liquid. “Thank you,” he says, soft, but he means it.
Tony gives him a crooked sort of grin, then turns to the crowd with a smirk. He tugs Steve forward by the hand, somehow making it look like he’s not leading him around, though Steve can’t help but feel like he’s being paraded about, anyway.
“If it all goes to hell tomorrow, I didn’t want missing this to be another regret,” Steve’s voice is a rumble through both of them. “I couldn’t not know,” he breaks off, tries again, “I needed you to know,” he gives up, rocks his head back and forth against Tony’s like he’s shaking it.
Up to now, Steve has mostly been letting Tony call the shots when they’re out in public, has just been following along. But he can be better. It’s not as if he dislikes Tony, and maybe if he tries more with this, other things will be easier between them. It wasn’t fair for him to just assume being forced together more often would make them get along better. Just because he’d never planned on being in a relationship with
Dummy’s claw closes delicately around Steve’s hand and he shakes it up and down, before whistling brightly and tugging Steve towards the far end of the workshop, where there’s a row of brightly colored sports cars. A pair of legs in what were very nice slacks only a few hours ago stick out from under the third car from the end. Dummy lets go of Steve’s hand, clicks his pincers, and rolls off, somehow managing to move with dignified purpose.
become home – or on the various other non-paparazzi-filled dates Ms. Potts has suggested over the last few weeks has been a bit of an eye-opener. Tony’s actually fun to be around, and Steve is starting to wonder how many of their fights have been because he took offense at something that wasn’t intended to offend, and Tony was just retaliating. Tony’s definitely more than a little abrasive, and his mind doesn’t work the same way Steve’s does, but if Steve doesn’t go in with his hackles already up, it’s surprisingly easy between them. Tony’s funny in ways Steve hadn’t expected, and it’s actually fascinating to listen to him talk. He’s also discovered Tony
“Deadline?” Steve asks.
“What?” Pepper looks up at him.
Bright sunlight floods in, and, with it, the view of Manhattan, spread out below him like a child’s mess of a patchwork quilt.
“Why am I allowed to do –” Steve waves his hand again, even more vaguely “– whatever –” Tony hears the implied
“Fighting in public?” Rhodes finishes for him.
The rest of the photos are clearly paparazzi shots from when they left the restaurant. There wouldn’t be anything particularly remarkable about them out of context, but in conjunction with the pictures from inside, it’s more noticeable how close together they’re standing when they first come through the door, the hand Tony had placed at the small of Steve’s back, and then the careful distance between them when they’d seen all the photographers.
“Nothing,” Steve shrugs, realizes he’s holding his pants like they’ll fall down if he lets go, and buttons them, rolling his eyes. “Nothing serious, anyway. Just wondering why this place feels so. So
“You can ride on the back,” he hears Steve offer, and the sound of Barton’s grumbling follows Tony and Natasha up into the air.
“Avengers sound off,” Barton sing-songs down the line.
Pepper pats him on the shoulder. “You were doomed when you made me CEO,” she tells him confidentially. “You just haven’t seemed to pick up on it, yet.” Tony figures she’s probably right, and waves her off before tossing the metal scrap back on the table and turning back to the prosthetic he had been trying to adjust when she came in.
“Yes, Captain.”
“I want – Steve,” Tony pulls his hand from between them, hooks his thumb into the waistband over Steve’s hip and tugs. “Get these off,” he tugs again.
“Hail, hail, the gang’s all here.”
Banner looks up from whatever he’s discussing with Natasha and sees Steve standing in the doorway. “Morning, Cap. Good run?”
Steve can’t help the slight smile that quirks his mouth, turns back to the windows as if that would help hide it.
They’ve been spending more time together, it’s true, but not nearly so much that Steve couldn’t be going out with someone under the radar. That could be another reason he’s gotten more tactile, to make sure no one goes looking in another direction. Natasha was probably very thorough when she briefed him on the necessity for a non-disclosure agreement, and Steve’s just the kind of guy who would take it a step further, to make doubly sure he was still seen as the good Boy Scout he is, and to prevent any extra cameras from being thrust in his face.
Natasha appears around the half wall that had been the compromise when she’d refused to either use the women’s locker room on the lower level by the regular gym, or accept her own private locker room next door, insisting that just because she was female didn’t mean she had to be separated from her team. Clint had been the only one to protest, on the grounds that she always stole his razor, but had caved when Tony had made them both matching razors with some sort of special spring to make the swivel better. Steve’s pretty sure Natasha has still been stealing Clint’s, just on principle, but the things are somehow self-sharpening, and Steve doesn’t want to get in the middle of that. Steve is also pretty sure Tony’s company started reproducing the razors – minus the self-sharpening part, since, according to Tony, that’s nanobot technology and “the market is not ready for that jelly” – and selling them to the hairy masses.
still together, will this fake marriage upset their relationship? Surely Ms. Potts understands the situation. She’s been involved in all the proceedings. She had seemed perfectly fine earlier, though Tony had been off, somehow. Was it because of that? Was he worried that while she put a good face on it in public, she would be angry, or hurt, when they got time alone?
“Cap,” he says, flashes his best photo-op smile.
Steve nods slightly when Tony pulls away, just a quick dip of his chin, but it’s enough.
Steve grits his teeth and doesn’t answer.
Tony rolls his eyes. “You’d figure out a way around it, if you really wanted to. Go ahead with your suggestion.”
. “Of course not,” he says, and Steve feels instantly deflated, and then the punch to the gut – “An NDA would never cover it on my end, not with my reputation. It’d get out somehow. I have strict instructions for meditation only.” Steve does not need the accompanying hand gesture to that, he gets the metaphor just fine, thanks. “So it’s just you and me, Buttercup, playing the audience until they get bored and everyone can move on. But you should get out there, sow your wild oats, live the dream, take home a different brunette, give a blonde or a redhead a try – though if you mess with Pepper or Natasha I will not be held responsible for the consequences.”
“Upstairs?” Steve’s hands are back on Tony’s arms, around his wrists this time, and he’s tugging again, pulling Tony towards the door and the elevator beyond.
Reeling a little from the unexpected one-eighty in a conversation they’ve barely even started, Steve snaps out, “At least I’m learning,” before he’s even thought it, and watches as Tony’s face completely shuts down. He opens his mouth to say – something, anything – he doesn’t know, but Tony cuts him off.
“I always pay attention,” Tony retorts, realizes too late how that sounds, then breathes an inner sigh of relief when Steve just rolls his eyes.
Tony flinches, but shakes his head. “Yin – Afghanistan. Ice?”
back, can only go forward. Being miserable just means you’re miserable, and they wouldn’t have wanted that for you.”
Clint pulls his hand back against his chest. “No, I’m good.”
, and there’s still fighting to be done, and I don’t know how to do anything else. The First World War killed my father before I ever knew him. The Second World War killed me. I don’t know some days if I’m even awake, and the things she showed me were just as real as anything else, and just as fake.”
Tony hums noncommittally and turns back to his repairs. Pepper’s told him this at least once a week for the last ten years, he can’t imagine she actually expects him to change now.
“If it would make you happy –” she starts, but stops at the look on his face. “Tony, is it really that awful already?”
“No, I –” Tony pauses, thinks about it, then, “I had a good time, too,” he says.
before, and knows what he’s getting into.
– whatever Steve may have been yelling about – but he is a little sore, and he’s got a fairly impressive black eye that probably wouldn’t go over too well with the director of the Japanese engineering company he’s trying to contract.
“I have a prototype ready for the new body armor,” he tells Ms. Potts. “If Agent Smith is here, I can show both of you before we go? Get his input for SHIELD, and you can check the military contract for specifics.”
Steve looks around the table; Tony at the far end with his eyes fixed on his phone, posture overly relaxed, Natasha next to him, apparently having a conversation across the table with Clint using only their eyebrows – one day Steve will learn to do that – Banner a few seats farther down tapping on his own phone. Coulson’s sitting next to Fury, turned as if they’d been talking before Steve came in, but now he’s watching Steve, expression even more unreadable than usual. Steve sits.
“I shouldn’t be here,” he says after a long moment, quiet like it’s a confession. “I shouldn’t – this isn’t where I belong. Nothing’s right here. But it wasn’t. I saw. The dream, I guess. And it wasn’t right, there, either.” He glances up, gaze skittering over Tony’s face and then away again. “We fought a war.
I’m the only one to tell
Not that Tony would be opposed to some private fireworks. Steve’s been extra touchy-feely of late, both in public and in private, and it’s getting to Tony. He’s not sure what started it, or if he’s just going a little crazy from the extended proximity, but Steve’s touches seem to be lingering longer, and he’s been finding more excuses to touch to begin with, whether or not they’re being watched. And he most definitely slipped some tongue action in there the last time they had to kiss, and Tony. Tony does not know what to do with that.
“Tony, hey, stay with me,” Steve’s hands are back on his shoulders, warm and steady. Tony catches at his wrists and clutches, fingertips pressing into bare skin. “You’re having a panic attack,” Steve tells him, voice low and careful.
“The news of your engagement has leaked,” Pepper continues, comes to stand close enough that Tony is forced to turn to look at her again. “The photos of you and Captain Rogers making out in the park went viral –”
Tony realizes he’s staring, mouth slightly open in shock. Pepper and Jarvis knowing about his crush, fine. He’s almost positive Rhodey knows he never grew out of it, too. But Thor? Thor’s only been around sporadically over the last year. If he knows, who else knows? Does
But Steve looks up when Tony comes in, marks his place with the flap of the cover, and puts the book down.
Even without all of that, though, and whatever else SHIELD decided to filter out, there’s probably a lot in that file. “So I should blame Coulson when Steve starts calling me – what was that one that really took off – the Merchant of Death?” Tony doesn’t delude himself about his past following him, but he needs Steve having more ammunition against him like he needs a hole in the head.
“Little busy here, Cap,” Tony bites out, and Steve looks up just in time to see him punch a pigeon in the head with one gauntleted fist.
“I could not disobey a direct order,” Jarvis points out.
“Before the Attack of the Squab? Have you two been okay since the wedding?”
There’s a slight rasping noise that might be computerized laughter, but when Jarvis speaks, his voice is as dry as ever. “Of course not, Captain.”
Tony rolls his eyes, even though Steve can’t see it, and hooks an arm around the other man’s waist. “Step up on the feet, like you’re a kid and we’re dancing, and hold on,” Tony instructs. “This isn’t going to be a quick fly-by and drop, and I’ll need at least one hand to steady us at the speed we’re going to be moving.”
“He had a lot of information before he ever met me,” Tony says darkly. Not that he’s still bothered by that.
And then, abruptly, it’s over. Tony blinks, and the alligators are gone, nothing left but an arrow quivering in the wall.
Steve takes a moment to go over that before asking, “What woman earlier?”
Steve looks up.
pay attention, but a bigger part of him is too busy being glad Steve hasn’t noticed how weird Tony’s been. The rest of him is just quietly thrilled that they can get along like this at all, that they haven’t somehow managed to get in a fight.
“And for once we don’t want them to,” Tony points out.
Tony’s reply is lost to the general noise as Steve gets farther away, just a low murmur followed by the tinkle of laughter.
, even though that’s what he’s thinking. “The Tower’s not that far. We can head in that direction. Let’s just walk?”
“Shot-gun,” Barton says immediately.
“What?” Steve looks up, startled, from his contemplation of the tiles, as though they might hold the answers he’s looking for.
That shuts Tony up.
Steve manages not to grit his teeth. “And Trent McPherson? Is he another mess?”
“The indomitable Pepper Potts,” Fury doesn’t even sound sarcastic. “She’s impressively effective. I wouldn’t piss her off, even if I were you.” The look Fury gives him seems significant, but Steve can’t quite parse it.
“The curtains are fine,” Steve answers. “And the lamp.” He slides out of bed and pads over to the windows, tugs the curtains back.
“Captain, I’m glad you answered,” Coulson’s voice is calm as always, but Steve can sense the reproof in his words.
“Tony,” Pepper sighs. “I know this is hard for you. I know this is the last thing you want to be doing. But something needs to be done, and you agreed to this –”
“Well, it’s appreciated.” Steve knows he sounds stiff, but he was mostly not thinking about the wedding, and getting along well for it.
Agent Godfrey laughs again, and waves at the other agents. “Let’s get a move on, folks. We’re on a deadline.”
a publicity stunt, in the simplest terms. He’d always thought getting married would be more. Intimate. Personal. Something he’d planned with the person he was marrying, not a battle plan discussed at a table.
“We didn’t really have a whole lot of spare fruit in the thirties,” Steve points out. “Nothing interesting anyway. Some prop pieces.” Steve considers for a moment.
“Congratulations.” He gives Steve an odd sort of half-smile before sweeping out, silhouette framed for a moment in the doorway before he’s gone.
actually managed to remember it, and maybe thought a ballgame would be a nice gift, he sure as hell wasn’t going to
Tony manages not to wince, turns to look at her. “You can tell them, if you’d rather.”
Steve comes awake abruptly, completely disoriented, and instinctively holds very still, not even opening his eyes. There’s no street noise, and while the bed he’s in is perfectly comfortable, it’s not
Tony doesn’t turn, picks up the gauntlet he’d been working on and inspects it to make sure dropping it to the table hadn’t caused any damage. “An NDA only covers the person who signs it. There are fewer eyes on you, and those that are have no reason to be suspicious to begin with. Even if someone did say something, no one would believe it without proof. And even the sleaziest of gossip rags won’t pick up a story on Captain America cheating based on a rumor.”
. His inner fanboy takes a moment to cheer, and the part of him that always wants to thumb his nose at everyone who’s ever been a dick to him wants to gloat, because he’s marrying Captain America, their arguments are invalid. There’s something very satisfying in that, even if it’s not really true.
“Did something happen?” Steve asks. He takes half a step closer, hands still out like he’s going to touch, then freezes, and drops his hands abruptly back to his sides.
Back at street level, SHIELD agents have set up a perimeter, keeping the civilians away from the grates the alligators had been trying to get out of. Tony peers around, trying to figure out where the media vultures are congregating while the other three hand off their night vision goggles for cleaning. Spotting the press holding area, Tony heads in their direction.
Steve settles in, and tries not to fidget while he waits. He’s earlier than he’d meant to be. He’d had a meeting at SHIELD regarding a mission he and Clint had been supposed to be involved in that was being passed off to another team – “in view of other priorities, Captain, you understand” – and the handoff had gone more quickly than expected. Clint had headed back to the Tower, but Steve hadn’t seen the point, had just changed at SHIELD, as he’d originally planned, and come straight to the restaurant. But now he’s wishing he’d gone, too, if only to kill a little more time.
Tony stares for a long second, then laughs, can’t help it. This hadn’t exactly been how he’d thought this day would go, but it definitely could have been worse.
Without intending to, Steve tightens his arm a little further, tries not to cough at the face full of perfume he gets as the woman leans up to kiss the air by his cheek before doing the same to Tony.
They’re a couple blocks away from the Tower when Steve steers them off the street and into Bryant Park. It’s only a little patch of green compared to Central Park, but it’s not bad for Manhattan. Steve’s sat around watching games of chess and backgammon more than once before, figures he’ll probably be spending more time here now that he lives so close. He hopes he will, anyway, there’s something almost peaceful about it, a muffling of sound in spite of the traffic all around. He can feel some of the stress easing out of his neck and shoulders, steals periodic sidelong glances at Tony to see if he minds the detour, but Tony seems content to just walk and not question it.
be gracing the pages of any more of your gossip rags.”
“It’ll be fine,” Tony says, already itching to sink back into the new prosthetics he’s been working on.
“Thank you,” Pepper smiles at the nearest camera, and turns back to Tony. “Regardless of whether or not you were, in fact, making out, it looks like you were, and the pictures were everywhere by dinnertime. That wasn’t exactly what we were going for, but it was certainly effective. PR was contacted by at least half a dozen major news outlets before eight this morning and has been “no comment”-ing all day. However, about an hour ago, we had our leak. A line about how pleased all your friends are that you and Captain Rogers have finally decided to get married, and how happy the two of you are together.” Pepper pauses here to give Tony a significant sort of look.
“Portal?” Steve asks, shifts around Tony to put a kettle on for tea.
not to leave sweatmarks,” Tony hears Barton say as he retreats down the hallway, followed by a muffled thump and a curse. He rolls his eyes again, even though there’s no one to see this time, and pointedly does not slam his bedroom door.
“It would appear there are overly large pigeons attacking passersby in Central Park,” Jarvis reports.
It’s Steve’s turn to laugh against Tony’s mouth. “I didn’t want to ask,” he admits, pulling back just enough that they can look at each other, and his expression turns serious. “What is this?”
“I wished also to inquire if my services would be required for the upcoming celebration. My dear Jane has explained your marriage ceremony to me, and I understand it is common practice for your comrades to stand up with you as you pledge yourselves to one another.”
“It’s in pieces,” Tony offers.
An hour into some event, and Steve still isn’t sure what it’s for. He’s thinks it’s a charity dinner, though there’s been no sign of either dinner or any kind of charity. If he’s right, he’s learned, they’ll eventually sit down to some sort of fancy meal, and all the speeches will be particularly self-congratulatory. If it’s for something besides charity, the speeches might actually reference whatever, or whomever, it’s for, and go on about that for a while before turning self-congratulatory. Either way, Steve hopes the food is better than the last event they attended. Maybe he’ll luck out again and there will be a false-alarm Avengers call-out, and by the time they figure out they don’t need to be there, it will be late enough that they can just go home. Maybe there will be a
“So it’s just an ‘Oops, you caught us, no one was supposed to know anything until after the wedding’?” Banner asks.
“You have to be there anyway,” she says tartly. “You may as well be useful.”
“Right.” Tony shakes his head again, then the rest of himself for good measure, and walks determinedly out of the library. “Give me a warning with enough time to get ready for the interview if I’m not back up by then,” Tony says, and turns his attention resolutely back to pacemakers as he takes the elevator back down to his workshop.
Barton side-eyes her.
bore them with technical details until they stop asking.”
Tony shrugs. “It’s dinner if we say it’s dinner.”
Then he pushes the last door open, flips the master switch, and stops dead. It’s an art studio, big and open, brilliantly lit from the banks of lights overhead and along the walls. Steve can guess it would be just as brilliant during the day, with no artificial lighting at all, just the sun through the walls of windows. There are draft tables and easels, neatly labeled cabinets and drawers. Steve gets his feet moving, and realizes the studio has been fully stocked: paints, inks, pens, colored pencils, and brushes of all sizes.
Tony sidles along the counter. “Sounds like a plan. Have a good night. Let Jarvis know if you need anything.”
Pepper smirks. It’s a rare look for her, and while Tony probably won’t ever think she’s not gorgeous doing it, it gives him a deep sense of foreboding. “I don’t have the time, and public opinion improves when he’s wearing clothes that don’t look like he raided my father’s closet. There’s a pair of jeans in there that I highly recommend he wear next time you two go out on a more casual date. You’re welcome.”
It’s become habit to kiss Tony like that when he’s walking away, but only ever in public, mostly at the ridiculous events they’re still expected to go to regularly. He’s never done it in private before. And while he’s been wondering what it would be like to kiss Tony without an audience, he hadn’t really been thinking about kissing him like this, a kind of comfortably casual intimacy. He’d been thinking more about the way Tony kisses him when the paparazzi clamor for it, tipped up on his toes like that first time in the park, or tugging Steve down by his tie. Or that time at the gallery, the feel of Tony pressed close from shoulder to thigh, the taste of Tony’s mouth under his. What it might be like to be able to lean over on the couch, the way Tony’s been sprawled all evening, just slide on top of him and kiss him breathless, maybe get a hand in his hair, mess it up further. Steve shakes himself, pushes himself off the wall he’d somehow managed to slump against, and finishes the trek to his room.
“It could be,” Pepper agrees. “But it’s not. It’s an Independence Day Gala. It is also your husband’s birthday, and even these parasites won’t mind if you sneak out early. They probably expect it. So go, sneak. Watch the fireworks from home. If you’re going to spend the evening thinking, may as well do it there.”
Steve’s touch is gentle, but confident, and Tony doesn’t want to know where he learned to do this, if it was before he drove a bomber into the Atlantic, or after he woke up in a brave new world. In this moment, it doesn’t matter. All that matters is Steve slowly taking him apart, fingers deep and mouth everywhere but where Tony wants it.
“Past tense?”
“Oh, no –” Tony starts, but Steve cuts him off.
“Sir believes it is the most expedient mode of transportation at this moment,” Jarvis responds. “And given the size of the birds, and their aerial nature, he feels the jet may prove useful.”
the way he says
“Not long,” Steve’s makeup artist replies, checking his phone. Steve should probably remember his name, but he can’t quite bring himself to reach for it. “Someone should come for you any minute now.”
“Widow,” there’s a very clear edge in Steve’s tone.
Steve eyes him for a minute, gaze sweeping up and down the suit as though looking for a handhold, then does as he’s told, looping an arm across Tony’s shoulders, and gripping tight at the curve, slinging his other arm around the front and catching his own wrist to close the circuit. “Good?” he asks. His face is so close, Tony can almost feel his breath misting across the metal of the faceplate.
Tony huffs, undoes the mess he’s made of his tie, and starts over. “We talked about this last night,” he points out, because they did. Ad nauseam.
His mind fails him, as it only ever does in these moments. Tony spends most of his life with his thoughts running in a hundred different directions, too many things to do and say and be and create. It makes the people around him a little crazy. It sometimes makes
“Of course, Sir.”
“This is not one of those situations,” Tony points out. “I can’t reprogram Captain America.”
Tony turns again, and Pepper’s giving him a pointed look.
Fury tilts his head, considering. “In this business, you are close with everyone, and you are close with no one.”
“You should tell our audience all about the sculptures and their tiny dicks,” Tony suggests.
“What do I do?” Clint asks. He’s already halfway through what Steve thinks is his second bagel.
Rhodey huffs out a breath, and crosses the space between them, puts his hands on Tony’s shoulders. “I mean it, Tony. I am here for you. And if he can’t be bothered to at least try, I will come right back out here, and kick his ass.”
“I’m not,” Steve repeats, a little more firmly. He won’t be, anyway. Nothing to worry about, after all.
July 4
“Pepper, what –” Tony starts again, but the images are already flickering to life around them, and. Oh.
Tony grins.
“Any idea what’s causing it?” Tony can’t tell if the slightly-less-than-bland edge to Coulson’s voice is interest, irritation, or distraction. Avoiding panicked and shrieking civilians who don’t know how to follow instructions from the professionals evacuating them while trying to shoot giant rodents is pretty distracting.
, he thinks. He shakes his head again, and tries to stop clutching the gauntlet and screwdriver so tightly he’s losing feeling in the tips of his fingers. “You want to have sex with me,” he says, because he’s pretty sure he’s not hearing things, but figures it’s best to clarify.
“You said I haven’t seen your dark side,” Tony reminds him, “and maybe it’s not my right to. But if you expect us – your
“We used to,” Steve pauses, clears his throat, tries again. “The Commandos, we used to tell stories, to pass the time.”
“He is heading there now,” Jarvis replies.
hard, either on the mats or in the simulator – and starts shoving his things into his bag. “It’ll be a blast.” He winks over-exaggeratedly.
Tony frowns, partly at the question, and partly at his blueprint. “Maybe?”
“Right,” Steve says again. He grabs a bowl, dumps the eggs in and drops the pan into the sink before putting the bowl in the fridge. “Do you know what the trouble is?” he asks as he heads for his room, tugging his shirt off as he goes.
Steve gets the feeling Tony’s AI thinks he’s less than bright. “Tony didn’t tell me my access code,” he says, tries not to sound defensive. “Can you just. Ask him if I can come in?”
“Call it next weekend. That’ll give you enough time to get your things together.”
“Great,” Tony mutters. “Adorable and adoring. How charming.”
and takes his hand, lets himself be pulled in. A moment later, they, too, are up over the park.
Coulson and the food both gone, the meeting breaks up, everyone piling their dishes in the sink. Banner takes his tea with him, Clint grabs the last bagel, and they both wander towards the elevator.
this.
“Steve doesn’t like the rabid hoards,” Tony answers before Steve can say anything.
Steve echoes him, then, “Are you okay?” and, not even waiting for an answer, “This maybe isn’t the best place for this. Can we –?”
Steve feels himself smile in response, and they stand like that for several long seconds, until someone coughs. Steve feels himself flush, and he pulls away hastily.
Tony hesitates another moment, but everyone’s now watching him expectantly, so he rounds the couch and settles carefully between Natasha and Steve, still feeling like he’s intruding. They’re never all in the same room together on purpose, unless they’ve been practically ordered to be, and yet here they are, having a movie night while he’s supposed to be out of the country.
Steve scowls. “I know what hockey is.”
“I was rooting for you two crazy kids from the start,” Clint puts in, and then jerks, slams his knee on the underside of the table. “The hell, Nat?” he swears, rubbing at his knee.
The whole process doesn’t take very long, and then Clint’s wandering out with a third bagel in hand.
Rhodey, looking a little stricken, releases Tony’s hand – cufflinks firmly in place – and puts both of his on Tony’s shoulders. “Tones, I’m sorry, I’m just trying to look out for you, you know that, right?”
“Oh, is that all?” Steve can’t help the gentle tease, and feels something warmer than relief in his stomach when Tony just rolls his eyes, taking it for what it is instead of getting defensive the way he would have a few months ago.
“Jarvis?” he asks.
“I’m working,” Tony says pointedly, as the clicking comes close and stops.
It’s Steve’s turn to shake his head. He keeps his eyes focused on his own hands as he measures out the tea into a strainer, sets it carefully in a mug. “Europe,” he says eventually. “They always start easy. Not good memories, necessarily, or real memories at all, but not. Not bad. And then it all goes to hell.”
The thoughts keep tumbling over in Steve’s head, though, while he brushes his teeth and changes for bed. He barely notices how hot the water is until it almost scalds him, or when it goes straight to freezing when he automatically turns it cooler.
. This closeness with another person, the semi-frantic push-pull of it. He drags his fingertips along Tony’s spine, feels the shiver that elicits, the way Tony pushes even closer, wants more of that.
he knows with a certainty he can feel in his bones.
“Honey, I blew up the rats?” Barton offers.
“Captain Rogers,” Ms. Potts smiles, but it looks like Tony’s paparazzi smile. “All well on your,” she twiddles the fingers of the hand not holding her tablet in the air, “SHIELD thing?”
“What’s this about?” Tony asks when Pepper doesn’t immediately say anything, just clicks her nails unconsciously against her clipboard.
“Right,” Steve says for the third time in as many minutes. He toes his shoes off in the corner of his room and starts pulling the Captain America uniform on. “Is the rest of the team up?”
Tony mutters something that sounds like
to know, because I am not going to tell him, and
not follow a goddamned order, but you dragged Rhodes with you, got yourself injured for no damned – and what about him? – are you proud of yourself?” and Steve wasn’t going to start yelling in public, he wasn’t, but he’s been bottling up his frustrations for over a week now, and he’s got a head full of steam and he just. Can’t. Do this.
“A source close to the happy couple?” Natasha asks.
Tony grins back, friendly and comfortable. “Went out for a nice dinner – haven’t you seen the pictures? I’ve been assured they only got my good side.”
“May 19
T-minus no hours, and Tony is pointedly not thinking about what he’s getting himself into. That way lies madness, though a distinct lack of panic, which is just as concerning as the alternative. This is marriage, and domesticity, and
That’s a bit of luck. “Has she been there long?” Tony’s already changing into clothes more suited for working out.
Tony thinks, and then, immediately,
Rhodey uses his grip to tug Tony in for a comfortingly crushing hug. “Any time,” he says into the side of Tony’s head before releasing him. “Seriously, though,” he adds as he backs up towards the door again. “Call me, beep me.”
threats.”
“Roughly the size of a full-grown Saint Bernard.” Jarvis sounds a little stiff, but it’s possible Steve’s imagining it. If not, he’ll figure out what he’s supposed to do about it later.
Tony presses his laugh to Steve’s cheek, and gets them moving again, shedding clothes before they’re even through the bedroom door.
Startled by the sudden sting, Tony looks down again. The metal of the suit just below where Steve is holding him is warped, looks a little like someone put it in a grinder. “Jarvis?” Tony doesn’t think it hurts enough to be particularly serious, but it’s possible that’s the adrenaline talking.
Steve glares. “Stop reading trashy headlines. If I
Clint makes a muffled noise of what sounds like agreement through a new mouthful.
. He goes over the article praising Illinois for legalizing same-sex marriage twice, feels that odd mixture of proud and sad that he’s become so used to since he woke up. It’s so hard to wrap his head around the idea that not only is homosexuality no longer illegal, but men can marry other men, women can marry other women. Except not everywhere, and that hits him in the chest harder than anything. He doesn’t quite understand how it can be accepted and not accepted at the same time. It just doesn’t make sense. The pictures in the paper of Chicago, though, he can’t help but smile at them, couples kissing in the streets, crowds waving rainbow flags. Baby steps, he thinks, baby steps.
“And Captain Rogers?” Jarvis inquires.
“Steve ready to leave?” she asks, giving him a shrewd kind of look.
“I’ll let you pilot.”
Steve opens his mouth again, but Tony’s not done.
For half a second Steve just stares at him, then he breaks out in laughter again, pulling Tony in closer.
“Stop before you hurt yourself, Captain,” Fury cuts him off, pointedly eyes where Steve’s fingers are clenching around the edges of the table, “or anything else.”
Agent Godfrey is calmly directing the packing of Steve’s life into neatly labeled brown boxes when Steve comes out of his bedroom.
“Go,” Pepper gives Tony a little shove. “Save him. Save you. Get out of here. Smile nice for the cameras outside.”
From the look Fury is giving him, though, that wasn’t what he’d meant. “If you were going to kill each other, you would have done it by now,” is what he says. “No one is expecting any miracles from the two of you on that score. But being married isn’t about not fighting, it’s about picking your battles, and having them in the privacy of your own damn home.”
“What did we say about being over-protective?”
“I suppose,” Steve hedges. He thinks they should probably talk, figure out what they need to be doing on their end, maybe, if anything needs doing that hasn’t already been planned out for them, maybe set some ground rules for sharing the apartment, private space.
Tony shuts his mouth, uncertain when it had dropped open. Probably around
“Anything but that,” Steve says, dry as he can, and gestures for Tony to lead the way out of the park.
Steve turns automatically, but he has no idea who Tony might be talking about, realizes after a minute that there probably isn’t anyone.
Pepper flicks him in the shoulder. “I mean it,” she says. “You’re taking me to breakfast tomorrow morning for dealing with all of this, and I except you to be at least somewhat rested and fully clean.” She gives his oil-stained clothes a pointed look.
Steve shakes his head. “No, I get it.” He’s still a little offended that they think it’s necessary, and a little concerned about SHIELD’s possible involvement, but he can’t really do anything about the former, and the latter is something he’ll have to look into later.
“Yes, that’s why you’re here,” Natasha tells Clint, elbows him sharply in the ribs to get him to move. He barely winces, but he sidles along the counter to let her get at the food.
Thor looks ready to say something else, but Steve just can’t, right now.
“What?” Tony blinks. “What else would he have been apologizing for? What did you tell him? What did
Tony raises his hands like he’s surrendering. “Of course you are,” he says, and it doesn’t sound like he believes it, but Steve is ridiculously grateful that he doesn’t push, for once. “I just thought you might want to get this dinner date over with?” it sounds more like a question to Steve than he thinks it was probably intended to.
“Sir is in his workshop,” Jarvis responds, and, when Steve looks around, half expecting signs, adds, “Sir’s workshop is sublevel C, below the Tower.”
What had started out as the view from his window had turned into scenes from the fight in the tunnels had turned into the team in the conference room during the debriefing had turned into Tony, lips curled in a sly grin, leaning in, sunglasses off and so close Steve could count his eyelashes. Steve had stared at that last sketch for a long time, not quite sure what to make of it. And he’s still not sure. He’d seen the photos, and even though he knows Tony had only kissed him the once – and barely even then – it had looked so much like something else that Steve can almost remember being kissed again, more than just a brief press of warm lips and the there-and-gone rasp of Tony’s goatee. Which is ridiculous. It didn’t happen. It was just the angle of the pictures. Tony obviously knew what he was doing, knew where the cameras were, and what it would look like. And now it keeps playing in Steve’s head like battle plans and older memories he doesn’t want to think about.
“Of course, sir.” The server flips one of the appropriate glasses over and pours a sample for Tony, who automatically tries it and waves for the man to continue. He recites the specials as he pours, provides them with menus, and vanishes as silently as he arrived.
She sighs. “You could tell them yourself.”
It’s been five days since the fight with the alligators in the sewers, since Steve first saw his apartment, since Coulson sent him Tony’s file. Four days since Natasha cornered him while he was looking for Tony, and gave him another cold shower of information. Three since he finally found Tony in the kitchen eating breakfast and tried to apologize and was summarily brushed off. They’ve been okay since then, so maybe Tony was right, maybe apologies weren’t necessary. But Steve still feels a little off, wishes Tony would have let him apologize properly, because Tony apologized – Tony apologized to
“An engagement is a publicity stunt. A marriage is a commitment.”
Tony barely hesitates before taking the Spyder, and if he doesn’t speed quite as much as he usually does, he’s just being safety conscious, not dawdling. He has no reason to dawdle. It’s just a date. It’s not even a
“Good,” Tony confirms, glad for the voice modulator as his own voice comes out a little croaky. He’s not sure they’ve even been this close when they were actually dancing, just a handful of the times he’s kissed Steve in public, and now is really not the time to be thinking about that. “They’re not giant by alligator standards,” he says, jumping back to the previous subject just for something to say, and, “Hang tight, here we go,” as he lifts off and heads for the –
“Indeed!” Thor releases him. “I will retire to my own apartments.”
Which is all maybe a little unfair of Tony, even in the privacy of his own head, but he thinks he should be allowed. He’s been so good for months, now. They’ve only had a few spats since the thing after the alligators, only one of them semi-public, and even Steve had to eventually agree that Tony pulling those teenagers out of the cave-in was worth the damage to the armor on that one. It was only cosmetic, anyway. Even Pepper’s been impressed with how many SI meetings Tony’s actually shown up for, and if the looks she’s given him have said she knows exactly why he’s sitting in a conference room instead of in his apartment or workshop, well, he’s still there.
Tony scans the tunnel. “Fleeing back into the walls, or wherever they came from,” he says. “Normal sized, seems like. For New York, anyway. J, Bruce, anything?”
“Um,” Barton says into the sudden quiet.
Tony’s arm tightens around Steve’s waist in response, and Steve feels himself lean into it automatically, wonders again how often Tony has done little things like this without anyone being any the wiser.
“If you’d like to share with the class?” Coulson’s bland tone manages to sound long-suffering.
“Rather than simply cancelling the donations of Captain Rogers’s formalwear, perhaps it might be beneficial to discuss the nature of the situation with him. He might be more amenable were his permission sought in advance, and an explanation given.”
“This, this non-disclosure form,” Steve says, waves a hand vaguely, “it’s not fair. To you.”
“SHIELD will take over clean-up,” Coulson says. “Avengers stand down.”
“You get to marry Captain America,” he says aloud to his reflection. “You get to go out there, and kiss Steve fucking Rogers on the mouth, and promise to be his husband. This might not be the absolute worst thing to ever happen.” Instinctively, he touches the center of his chest, feels the smooth solidity of the arc reactor as it hums, the light hidden under the layers of his suit.
They’re on their third loop when Tony starts to slow. “We’ve got a tail,” he says quietly, leaning in a bit, shifting so that they’re angled more towards each other.
do – but in that moment, she’s somehow far more terrifying than Rhodes had been. It reminds him more than a little of Peggy, and he’s fiercely – and surprisingly – glad that Tony has a friend like Ms. Potts in his corner, and simultaneously wishes very much that he was somewhere else.
“Well,” Tony says after a moment, voice low and rough. He clears his throat. “That was.” He clears his throat a second time. He’s still looking up at Steve from a scarce few inches away, eyes wide, the hint of a flush high on his cheeks. Steve wants to kiss him again. “Yes,” Tony says, and for a moment, Steve thinks he might have said something out loud, almost leans back in, but Tony keeps going. “That was good. Very. Convincing, I’m sure.” Tony drops his arms from where they were still wrapped around Steve and takes a half-step back, almost to the wall, and Steve wants to follow, push him back against it and – “Should buy us at least half an hour,” Tony adds, voice less strained now. “Maybe more. We can look around a bit and then head out early. The gossips will assume we’re just enjoying our reunion again in a more appropriate setting.” He waggles his eyebrows, and if it weren’t for the way he still looks halfway to wrecked, Steve would almost think he’d imagined the last several minutes.
“Jarvis said you like blueberries.” Steve isn’t quite sure why he’s feeling defensive, why Tony can get under his skin without even saying anything, but he doesn’t much like the feeling.
The doors slide open to a short hallway ending in a glass wall. There doesn’t seem to be a door. Steve approaches carefully, fascinated by the floating blue lights he can see on the other side. He doesn’t see Tony, but he leans closer to the glass, trying to decipher what the lights – holographic images, Steve reminds himself – are forming. He doesn’t realize he’s pressed his hand to the glass until Jarvis’s voice says, “Print recognized: Captain Steven Grant Rogers. Please enter access code, Captain.”
Even if he weren’t having a good time, Tony thinks it would be worth it just to see Steve this happy, this relaxed, to have him this willing – eager, even – to talk to Tony about something he’s so clearly passionate about. Something that doesn’t involve battle tactics or a list of Tony’s defects. Tony thinks a lot of things would be worth this, and even thinking that makes him want to kick himself, but he’s already started thinking of other ways to make Steve smile, other things Steve might be willing to go and do, that he might enjoy.
you both have shit to deal with, and can’t manage to do it in private. So I just wanted to put it out there again. It’s all on
Automatically, Steve gets to his feet as Tony reaches him, then realizes he doesn’t know what to do. He can’t exactly shake Tony’s hand in greeting, not with all of these witnesses, not now, and he’d just seen the man yesterday, anyhow. And this is a date, he knows it is, but he’s pretty sure he can’t just pull Tony’s chair out for him, either.
“I don’t know what’s got your star-spangled panties in such a twist,” Tony snaps back, slaps away the book Steve still has up in front of him, “but I suggest you –”
Tony makes a face at her. “Come on, Pep. Of all people, Coop knows it doesn’t mean anything. It was a fun ride, but neither of us wanted to stay on. Flirting with him is like flirting with Rhodey. Comfortable and harmless.”
“Is that thing on a timer?” he asks the room at large.
have anything else.”
, which just isn’t fair. “We’re married, Tony,” he points out. “And we’ve been necking in front of every camera we’ve seen for months, now. I’m pretty sure anyone who is concerned about you ‘besmirching a national icon’ –” and he actually has the gall to use his free hand to put finger quotes around the words, Tony bets Barton taught him that “– thinks it’s already happened.”
“Complaining?”
“See you back there?” Steve asks.
Tony turns back, smile easing again. “It’s a work in progress, but I can’t say I mind the effort. You know I like a good cause.”
the birds?” he asks. He double-checks everything, then grabs his shield and heads for the hangar.
If Mr. Cooper notices the exchange, he doesn’t comment. “How’s simple working out for you?”
,” she says, voice quiet but with an edge he’s heard before so rarely he can count each time on one hand, and have fingers left over, “anyone at all, gives you any grief about this, I will personally ensure they regret it until the day they die.”
Steve thinks he’s the only one to see Tony wince.
“No, Agent, that was me,” Jarvis’s voice announces, at the same time Ms. Potts says, “No, Jarvis does that.”
They don’t speak again until the waiter has returned with what was indeed wine and left with their orders.
“Look who just came in,” Tony says, loud enough to be overheard, but low enough that it doesn’t seem entirely intentional.
“Of course, Captain.” Jarvis’s voice is still cool and judgmental, but the elevator starts to move. The doors slide open again as soon as the car stops. “Your apartment, Captain. There are fresh linens in the bedroom and bathroom, and the kitchen is stocked with non-perishable goods. Sir left instructions that you should notify me if you require anything further, either as regards furniture or smaller items.”
Natasha cuffs him on the back of the head, but it’s clearly an affectionate gesture. “Have fun walking home,” she tells him, then steps up to Tony.
“Why not?” and now Steve’s looking stubborn and righteous again, and he’s
“Maybe this will help make us better,” Steve suggests. “We’re going to have to spend a lot of time together, maybe knowing each other better this way will make things easier in combat situations.”
“Definite points for creativity,” Tony agrees, popping the facemask up.
“Would you perhaps like to go to your own apartment?” Jarvis suggests.
“Status report,” Coulson’s voice is clipped. “What’s happening down there?”
Steve opens his mouth to snap back – what, he doesn’t know – but there’s a knock at the door, and then it opens before either of them can respond.
“You have been in love with this guy since before I knew you,” Rhodey snaps, then draws in a sharp breath that Tony can hear even halfway across the room. “Tony, listen to me,” his voice has gone abruptly very gentle.
“I don’t think you quite –” Tony tries, but Fury’s already pushing back his chair.
, and then looks pointedly at Steve. “We good here?” It’s eerily reminiscent of Fury.
He’s just finishing the last of his own bagel when he hears the elevator, and a few moments later, Ms. Potts clicks into view, looking as scarily put together as ever, in spite of the still-early hour.
“I’m just saying,” Tony doesn’t bother trying to keep the grin out of his voice, “you’ve got cameras everywhere else, or at least access to someone else’s cameras. No eyes in the sewers, though. All sorts of nefarious things could be going on down here, and you’d never know.”
“Great. Wonderful. Glad that’s settled.”
“We’ll see,” he agrees, lets Steve pull away and climb to his feet, takes the hand that’s offered so Steve can haul him upright. “Sleep?” he asks.
“I’m always smart,” Tony tells her, tries on a grin.
“I wish you much felicity of your union,” Thor finishes, and Tony realizes he’d missed some unknown portion of Thor’s speech.
“You going to stand for that, Cap?” Clint asks, pulling a t-shirt out of his locker.
, but there is a certain rhythm to everything that’s almost easy to sink into.
“Of course there are,” Tony sighs. He eyeballs the videos and still images while he finishes pulling on pants and stuffs his feet into the closest pair of shoes. “Where is everyone?”
Tony chokes. “My what?”
Tony’s expression clears, and he raises an eyebrow. “Did you?”
Steve can feel his neck getting warm. “I just thought. Well. Engaged couples fight all the time, right? About wedding plans and. And other things. And if we’re getting married, clearly I have nothing against same-sex marriage. And it might help encourage more states to legalize it, even, if we were to set the example. This morning, in Illinois, they were having parades, and I was thinking it would be nice if there was something I could do to help that along in other places, so if we –” Steve realizes he’s rambling, cuts himself off, and looks down at his hands for a moment, before looking back up at the faces still turned to his. “It would prove there are no problems among the Avengers, and it might help a good cause,” he says, more succinctly, finally lets go of the table, and folds his hands neatly in his lap.
Sure enough, Steve’s sitting in one of the big armchairs by the windows, looking for all the world completely absorbed in whatever he’s reading.
“Don’t use me as an excuse, you know perfectly well I would have been fine,” Steve snarls.
Ms. Potts’s eyes flick briefly to Steve, like she knew he’d been going to say something, but all she says is, “I’ll ask him to meet us in my office. Captain, just come down to the executive level in half an hour or so.”
It’s an interview, an online magazine, a reporter Tony doesn’t know, doesn’t think he knows, and Trent. Short simple questions, and Trent waxing poetic about their relationship, the year they’d spent together, how in love they’d been, the secret trips, expensive getaways, private moments. It somehow manages to gloss over the end, just says Tony had become distant, ignoring Trent, and Trent couldn’t handle never knowing where Tony was, who he was with, when it was all over the society pages how Tony was seen with a different woman on his arm every night. It says nothing about the company secrets Trent had been trying to steal, the sealed lawsuit, the fifteen years he’d spent in prison.
Steve can’t dispute that. Natasha verbally tearing into Fury when he’d finally told them Coulson was alive and more-or-less well had been a thing of beauty. “Let me know what Ms. Potts says?” he asks. “Or Natasha?”
“As part of the remodel, Tony designed apartments in the Tower for all the Scoobies,” Pepper sounds equally long-suffering. Tony figures she, at least, is probably entitled. “Sorry, Captain,” she adds across the table to Rogers.
Tony doesn’t look away from the diagram, but adopts a hurt tone, anyway. “I thought you liked me just the way I am.”
crap at me is not making it any easier!”
“Nah,” Steve’s not even bothering to hide the laugh anymore. “Just in Brooklyn.”
“Completely blown out of proportion.”
Steve snorts, can’t help it. “To show off,” he mutters, then, before Rhodes can say anything else, “Thank you for your assistance this morning. I know you’ve decided not to join the team, but we all appreciate the extra hand.”
“The last of the civilians are in that car,” Coulson announces, ignoring the chatter. “We should have them out in a couple more minutes.”
“Didn’t you go with –” Natasha starts, but Clint tips himself sideways, knocking into her hard enough to cut her off.
useful,” Tony protests, knows it’s starting to come out as a whine, but can’t really help it. He
Dan and the girl shut the door behind them, and Steve’s already rounding on Tony the moment the latch clicks.
Steve snorts. “It was supposed to just be the two of us with Sitwell running comms. They’ve got a team of five on it, now.”
“Not the point,” is Barton’s tart rejoinder, but the alligators have noticed them, and things get ugly fast.
“Thanks,” Tony gives him a bit of a grin back, feeling a rush of gratitude.
“I appreciate it,” Tony grins, waves again, this time directly at Steve, “we both do. It’s nice to have a friendly face asking questions for once.”
Barton rolls his eyes, but he looks pleased, anyway. “You should take notes.”
“Because. Because it’s not.” Tony really wishes there was some space between them, or at least that Steve would let go of him, because it’s really difficult for him to think of all of the many reasons he’s sure exist as to why he
Steve looks up, and Tony’s watching him, face unreadable.
“Don’t be mad, Snack Pack,” Tony taps an awl against one palm. “He was only pissed at me for my own good, yesterday. He just wants everyone to be as full of patriotism and derring-do as he is, and that sometimes manifests itself as yelling, when all a person’s done is give him a compliment.”
“I thought I already was,” he replies. Something loosens, just a tiny bit, when Tony’s focus settles on him more firmly at that, so he keeps going. “Things could get pretty raunchy, especially nights when we were wound up. As often as not, it’d turn into everyone trying to outdo each other. Still not sure if half of it was true,” Steve shakes his head at some of the things he remembers, “Still not sure some of it was physically possible. But it was all for fun. A couple of them had girls back home, but it was never them they talked about, not those nights. Certainly not their pictures that got passed around.”
“Thanks,” Tony gives them another smile, this one a little more sincere, and waits for the door to close behind them before walking back over to the full length mirror and staring himself down. “You can do this,” he tells himself quietly. “It’s just like anything else. You go, you smile, you say a few words when you’re told, you leave.”
“Tony, you need to change,” Pepper picks her way across the floor towards him, avoiding an ankle-high pyramid of nuts of varying gages, half a Ducati engine, Dummy, and two circuit boards with the ease of long practice.
“And how often does Stark show up where and when he’s told?” Fury asks rhetorically. “He’s a stubborn piece of work, and you’re no better, that’s what got us here. So forgive me if I don’t just assume you’ll be able to smile at a few cameras and everything will be coming up roses.”
“Please don’t turn off my music,” he mutters, doesn’t even bother to speak loudly enough for her to ignore.
,” Tony grits out, barely refrains from swearing at him, and Steve kisses him again, the curve of his lips against Tony’s.
Eventually, Pepper squeezes Tony’s arm, sans nails this time, but Tony still jumps. He’d forgotten she hadn’t let go.
“Still okay?” Tony asks quietly. “Still breathing?”
Steve’s smile widens into something a little more pleased. “Good.” He reaches across to where Tony’s hand is resting on the seat and squeezes gently. “Happy five month anniversary.”
Twice, Tony has wandered into the living room late in the evening to find Steve watching movies on low volume, and wound up watching with him. They barely talked either time, even after the films ended, but Tony doesn’t think the silence was pointed.
“It appears we have a situation,” Fury announces.
A whirring noise sounds under the blaring guitars and screaming vocals, and then something pokes Steve sharply in the back. He spins, hands coming up automatically, only to find himself face to face with a long robotic arm with pincers for fingers. The thing chirps at him, and Steve takes half a step back.
And then Steve’s laughing with him, and still holding his hand, and, really, it might not have been perfect, but Tony is pretty happy with the results.
“What’re we all standing around for, waiting for takeout?” Steve asks, approaching rapidly as the elevator doors slide shut behind him.
,” he insists. The last thing he needs is for Tony to spend the whole night asking how he’s doing. “Are we going to hold hands all night?” he shakes Tony’s hand for emphasis. “It’s not the most comfortable, what with the height difference and all.”
“I –” Steve stops, blinks, then takes a breath like he’s gearing up to shout.
“Jarvis could have told me that,” Tony points out. He takes his hand away from his head and inspects it.
“Probably,” Pepper agrees easily. “You still should have been there.” She waves the tablet at him. “Instead, we’ll do this, and then I’ll let you be a genius until it’s time to get ready for your date. Which
“You got it, Cap.”
“– with you talking,” Tony is saying, and Steve might have missed something. “So, workshop.”
. But Steve’s watching him back, and Tony isn’t sure why, determinedly doesn’t reach up to touch the arc reactor again, keeps his hands safely tucked away.
“We were both exhausted from the fight, I was just trying to be a good future husband.”
“That’s what I thought,” she tells him, then, to Ms. Potts, “I’ll look over it now.”
Tony nods, still trying to get his breathing and heart rate under control. He presses one hand hard against the cover of the arc reactor, grips the sheets tight with the other, and tries to count slowly in his head while he breathes. In. Hold. Out. Hold.
“Right,” Tony looks up from his hand. “Jarvis, make a note.”
“End of the week?” That’s. Incredibly soon.
Bruce hums again. “I’ll see what I can pull up on the transit cams.”
Whatever the reason, Tony has been feeling more like a teenager around his crush than ever the last few days, swinging between elated when Steve’s actually around and in his space, and supremely confused and grumpy when he’s not. It hasn’t been good for his focus, especially when Steve is actually in the workshop with him, chatting casually with Dummy or Butterfingers like they’re old friends. Pepper walked in on one such conversation, and the look she’d given Tony said she knew he was gone. It had not been encouraging.
That gets a laugh from Tony, a little grateful for the sentiment – which he knows is real, he does – and a little grateful for the break in the tension. “You’re going to kick Captain America’s ass?” he asks, reaches up to hold onto Rhodey’s wrists for a moment, appreciating the contact.
“Twenty-three hours and nineteen minutes since Colonel Rhodes departed, Sir,” Jarvis confirms.
Thor’s smile comes back full force. “I shall make my offer to him, then,” he says. He rises and crosses the room to clap a hand onto Tony’s shoulder. Tony only staggers a little under the weight of it. “It is good of you to suggest it. Our captain holds himself apart, but that does not mean it is because he wishes it to be so. Your insight is to be commended.”
Repulsors fire again overheard.
Clint had rolled his eyes. “It’s always down to us.”
“Not a thing, Jarvis. That’s a direct order. I don’t want this getting any more awkward than it is, we’re already pushing disaster levels, here, without further complications. I’ll get over it, and I’ll deal with it in private until I do.”
“Tony wouldn’t thank me for it,” Ms. Potts continues, still watching Steve like she’s not sure what he’s going to do, “but you need to know that he’s breakable.”
Tony rolls his eyes, knowing she’s teasing, but his throat feels tight anyway.
They work hard, the only noises their breathing and the sounds of their feet and bodies hitting the mats, except for when Natasha gives instructions or corrections, or when Tony needs clarification. It’s good, exhausting in ways not a lot of things are, and demands Tony’s full attention, but doesn’t require – or allow – him to think the way he usually does. He slowly starts to unwind and relax into it.
“Do the good memories help?” Tony asks, right as the kettle starts to whistle.
“It’s a pre-nup.” At Steve’s blank look, Ms. Potts continues. “A pre-nuptial agreement? It’s to protect the private assets of individuals acquired prior to a marriage. Not particularly romantic, and I’m not generally a fan of them for a variety of reasons, but this isn’t a real marriage, and – no offense meant – we can’t risk the company. It’s really nothing personal, but this isn’t intended to last long-term, and there are too many people dependent on Stark Industries to chance a lawsuit tearing it apart.”
“Did we know you had one of these in your house?” Barton asks, eyeing the bulk of the jet.
He shrugs like it doesn’t matter, like he hasn’t been hoping and bracing for this since before he knew if Steve had made it through the Snap. “Pull up a couch.”
“The woman you were flirting with at the gala?” it’s half a question. “Tall, blonde, legs for days. She seemed pretty attached when I saw you two, but then she seemed to vanish, and we came home.”
Steve meets him in the hallway. “Jarvis says giant rats?” he’s unbuttoning his shirt while he walks, and it’s more of an act of willpower than it should be not to look.
“Yours,” Steve doesn’t hesitate, pulls Tony inside the elevator, and backs him against the wall. “Penthouse, Jarvis,” he says, and he’s close enough again that Tony can feel the vibration through his chest.
anywhere,” Steve replies.
“No point in letting things just sit around in a closet,” Tony points out.
“Speculation only, at this point,” Ms. Potts tells them. “Which is good. The idea is for things like this –” she waves at the images still floating above the remains of everyone’s breakfast “– to look somewhere between a slip-up and lucky camera work. None of the major sources have put these two sets together, yet, it’s all just the usual fuss over Tony, heightened by the fact that it’s a known Avenger he’s in public with.”
With a firm kick, Tony sends his sheets to the end of the bed, and tips himself over the edge and onto his feet. He trips across the carpet, catches himself on the doorframe with one hand.
, and knows she means it. “Just because we weren’t right together doesn’t mean that I don’t still love you, or that you won’t find something that works with someone else.”
He wonders what Tony would do if he gave him a drawing, if he’d stick it on the penthouse fridge, or if he’d just laugh. Not too long ago, Steve would have leaned towards expecting mocking, but now. Now he thinks maybe Tony wouldn’t know how to respond, might think
Steve remembers arguing about the suits, but he doesn’t remember Tony ever saying they’d been sold for charity. Something that feels an awful lot like guilt twists in his stomach. “The name must have slipped my mind,” is all he says.
Tony tucks all his questions into the back of his mind to try again later, and they get back to it.
“As far as anyone knows, you were trying to keep it quiet before,” Pepper had reminded them on their way to the gallery where the event is being held. “But now that you’ve gone public, there’s really no need for that sort of thing, so you will be attending a lot of these events, and going on dates where everyone can see you, and you will do it cheerfully and adorably
Natasha drapes her towel over the bench, and starts in on her hair with a comb, but she’s watching Steve. “Is it a bad thing that the Tower is feeling more like home?” she asks after several minutes.
“Do we need to be here for this?” Clint asks, and Steve had almost forgotten the whole team was there.
The sun has almost completely set by the time Steve makes his way back to the Tower. He’d returned after the fight just long enough to change out of his uniform before leaving again, needing to be somewhere where Tony was not, and not willing to risk running into the rest of the team, either. He’d spent the rest of the day wandering the city, had even gone out to Brooklyn. It hadn’t helped.
Right up until the massive birds decide they’re tired of being shot at, and several dozen draw up in a flock to swarm the easiest target, which, of course, is Steve. Everything vanishes under dirty grey feathers and clawed feet. Steve has a minute to think how embarrassing it would be to survive a war, being frozen for seventy years, and an alien invasion, only to be taken down by what Bucky’s mother always called flying rats.
“That is DUM-E,” Jarvis’s voice is pitched to carry under the music. “He is unused to strangers in Sir’s private space.”
He should have had Pepper give Steve the papers. Or maybe Natasha. They would have been able to explain better, make sure everything was clear. But Pepper would fuss and make sad eyes at him, and he’s spent more time with Natasha in the last few months, but he doesn’t exactly know her well, still isn’t sure if she likes him all that much – not that he can really blame her – and he wouldn’t feel right asking her to do something like this. Still. He should have sucked it up and asked one of them. Better than spilling his feelings all over Steve.
Only a little pointedly, Steve takes over, starting with a rapid rundown of what they know and sliding right into a game plan, such as it is. Everyone nods, including Tony, but the Iron Man facemask is already down, so Steve’s not positive he’s been listening. At least Rhodes has his mask up.
It does. Not a full-throated, head thrown back laugh like he’s so rarely seen, but soft and happy, half smile, like he’s never seen before. “I can work with that,” Steve says. He links their fingers together, and tugs Tony towards the bed.
“Fine. Long. I’m just going to,” Tony gestures in the direction of his bedroom.
Coulson clears his throat. “The general public consensus is that the primary reason behind Captain America and Iron Man’s altercations is Tony Stark’s fluid sexuality. It has been assumed that given the mores of the times in which you were raised, you are less than supportive of same-sex relationships.”
“Right,” Steve tries not to look either too impressed or too disapproving, and steps past Tony into what turns out to be an alley.
“We’ve got all the civilians out,” Coulson’s voice comes through for the first time since he’d told them he was on site with reinforcements. “We’ll send in a team to run a final sweep.”
Thor eyes him for a moment, head cocked to one side. His exuberance seems slightly dimmed. “Might I ask your intentions for this marriage, Captain?”
It doesn’t work. Tony can feel the frantic pace of his heart under the vibration of the reactor, even as he almost chokes on every other erratic breath. He can’t seem to steady either.
No one says anything for several seconds.
“So I stop making drive-by messes of everyone else’s lives, and Rogers gets the credit? How nice for him.”
But blueberries. Steve can work with blueberries.
“No, we’re doing that next – I hope you don’t have anything planned for this morning. Phil’s handling it, so it shouldn’t take long, but you do have to go together, in person, and we’d like to keep it as low-key as possible, since we’d rather people didn’t know you were getting married this weekend until after it’s happened.”
get out for a bit, it’s a fair bet Tony and I will kill each other, and I’m pretty sure the words ‘connubial bliss’ will
“It’s just a crush,” Tony insists. “It’s not a problem.”
after their debrief, not quite sure if he’d even need a best man for their charade of a wedding. “And I’m not sure what else I’d need. Ms. Potts and Agent Coulson seem to have everything else in hand.”
“Yeah?” Barton’s eye roll is audible. “All the rats were horse-sized in the 30’s?”
Steve flinches, and looks down, startled, like he hadn’t realized Tony had been clawing him open. “Don’t worry about it,” he says, looking back up at Tony. “It’s fine. Are you. How are you?”
There’s a brief moment of silence that makes Steve feel, not for the first time, as though Jarvis is judging him, and finding him wanting.
“It will eventually.” Natasha seems pretty confident about that, so Tony’s going to take her word for it.
Natasha rolls her eyes at him. “They’ll just say we’re covering it up, or that even if that’s what the actual fight is about, the undercurrent is their differing moral standpoints.”
“Like this?” she asks.
Steve’s scowl deepens. “You know the Rangers took the Garden from the Amerks,” he says, and this is clearly a grave treachery, but Tony only understood the first half of it.
Tony blinks and takes several breaths, too shallow, hopes it’s not obvious how difficult it is to try to draw them in fully. “Oh. Right.”
“But they would pick up a story on Iron Man cheating?”
“I know, J,” Tony soothes, then, to Steve, “I’m fine. Don’t worry about it.”
cameras around. At least he’s not having flashbacks to being in a firefight every time a camera flash goes off in his face anymore – and he’s aware that Tony’s steady presence and efforts to physically shield Steve from the cameras, or at least put himself in the spotlight, have made a difference – but it’s still more than a little unsettling. He expects loud noises and bright lights in combat, but it’s harder to brace for it out of uniform.
It’s well past midnight when Tony shuffles his way into the kitchen in search of caffeine. The reactor-based water filtration system he’s been working on still isn’t functioning the way he wants it to, but his notes were starting to blur. He needs either coffee or sleep, and sleep is almost never the answer.
Steve tries not to flush. “Did Ms. Potts say how the leak went? Or the. The press release? That was tonight?”
“Sir?”
Ms. Potts hums agreement. “Yes, the appointment is at eleven. We’re meeting Phil downstairs.” She eyes him. “You may want to change.”
It lasts forever, and no time at all, Steve hot and close enough he’s almost completely blocking the light of the arc reactor, reaching a hand down between them to jack Tony off in time with the rhythm of his hips, kissing him through it until they lose all finesse, and Tony can’t do anything but hang on.
“That’s bullshit, Tones, and you know it.” Rhodey’s frowning now, which is never good.
Steve shakes his head. “No. But it’s different now. Comforting, I guess. Something to do with my hands. I don’t even know what I’m drawing half the time. It’s like running, I guess. Good way to clear the mind.”
Instead of going directly into the hall, Pepper steers them into the staging room next door. Steve, Barton, and a woman Tony doesn’t know – but assumes is there to perform the ceremony – are waiting inside.
“What is there to handle?” Tony asks, knows exactly what there is, if this is really showing up top of a simple online search, but that doesn’t mean he wants to do it. “It’s a sex tape. This is not the worst thing that’s turned up on the internet.”
be an actual date.” She gives him a warning look.
It’s Rhodey’s turn to huff. “All the brilliant minds on your do-gooder team, and at SHIELD, and at SI, and no one can come up with
Steve shakes his head, but Tony can’t tell if it’s a denial. “I’m afraid you won’t be there.” Steve’s voice is low, a little strangled. “What if I reach out –” he does, hand hovering about halfway between them, “– and you’re not really there? What if you vanish before I get there?”
“Of course, sir. May I offer my most sincere congratulations? You must be thrilled.”
Steve’s lips tingle a little at the memory of kissing Tony’s cheek just moments before, and it takes more of an effort than it should not to press his fingers against them. That was nice, too.
“Thank you,” Steve replies automatically, turning down the hall. “Where is Tony?”
“Right,” Tony nods a bit. “Well. Thanks for that.” He’s not entirely sure what the appropriate response is at this juncture. “Look, you know this isn’t a real marriage, right?” he asks, because that’s probably the important thing, here, and maybe that will nip talk of the depth of his attachment in the bud. “Fury and Coulson set it up with Pepper to fix the Avengers’ image.”
“You’re right,” he says, and Steve’s not entirely sure he’s not speaking to himself. “I don’t learn. I shouldn’t push. Have you ordered anything to drink?”
“I burned everything. There weren’t any digital copies. We didn’t. It was the nineties,” Tony can’t seem to stop staring at the projections. There are a handful of photos, a couple of them in public – “Tony Stark and Friend” – but mostly private moments, pictures he hasn’t seen in a decade and a half. And then the video. God. What had he been thinking?
Steve relaxes minutely. It’s unlikely Ms. Potts would be present if there had been an alarm. “Thank you, Jarvis,” he says automatically. “Nothing too serious, I hope?”
The barista calls Steve’s name and he goes back to the counter to pick up his drink. When he turns around again, Fury is sitting at his table. Somehow, Steve is not surprised.
Natasha shrugs, like it’s not a big deal. And it’s not, Tony thinks, it doesn’t really matter. Except for how it is and it does. “It seemed like something he should know. He’d had a few misconceptions. Coulson corrected a few, I corrected another.”
just for show.
know that. And SHIELD knows that. And the
“I’ll just let Cap do the talking,” Tony says eventually, and it only sounds a little bitter. “Was there anything else, or did you just call to tell me the one interview that wasn’t going to be work is going to be as much trash as everything else?” Maybe more than a little bitter.
Tony doesn’t say anything, just nods and stares down at the coffee in his mug, as though not entirely sure what he’s supposed to do with it.
Tony looks away, picks up a spare strip of metal off his desk to have something to do with his hands. “I haven’t actually seen him since the pigeon thing in Central Park,” he admits. “I thought I was – it doesn’t matter. He yelled, I yelled, it was a whole big yelling thing. Rhodey came in before it got nasty.”
only a little uncharitably.
Steve pauses halfway through tying his laces. “Half-four? You mean four-thirty? In the morning? How long did he sleep?”
“Right,” Steve nods, tries on a smile. He feels like he’s on stage with the USO tour again, only no one told him his lines.
might know that,” Pepper rolls her eyes, “but no one else does. And unless you want to launch the ‘Is Stark Cheating Already!?’ stories barely over a month in, and drag your ex along with you, you’ll need to lock it down.”
idea! It’s a shit situation, and we’re going to be shit at dealing with it, and I’m going to
The last several days have been quiet, no call outs or fancy events, but Tony has seen Steve every day regardless. It’s not that Steve has been seeking Tony out – at least, Tony doesn’t have any reason to think he has, since it’s not like he’s started wandering into Tony’s SI office, or the workshop – but if he’d been avoiding Tony before, he’s certainly not anymore.
,” he hits another rat in the face.
“A little early for dinner, isn’t it?”
“This,” Fury continues, like Tony hadn’t spoken, “is a workable alternative. The press will have a field day, but the entire country will eat it with a spoon. Everyone loves a love story. Even Middle America. And at least they’ll be out for both of your blood, instead of thinking you’re out for each others’, so maybe they’ll stop harping on team discord endangering their lives and just go back to baying about immorality endangering their sensibilities.”
what they’re supposed to be doing, he’s just not sure exactly how to go about it.
“Your… you,” Tony gestures at Steve, trying to encompass his Steve-ness. He’s probably not particularly successful. “You look like your old propaganda posters, minus the stars and stripes.”
“As far as I can tell, they didn’t
“Well, shit,” he says under his breath.
“You suggest what?” Steve demands, loud enough to drown Tony out. “You waltz around like you’re so much better, decide everything just belongs to you, because, what, you’ve always just been given anything you wanted? So you can just keep taking?”
Coulson waves it off, now flipping through a stack of files he’s cleared space on the table for. “That can be one of the things they’ve been arguing about,” he says. “Which is, after all, the purpose behind all of this.” He pulls a folder from the pile to pass to Ms. Potts.
“Bowls are in the cabinet to your left, Captain, if you would like to save your eggs for later. I suggest putting them in the refrigerator in the meantime.”
Everyone settles back, but Tony can’t concentrate on the movie, trying to figure out how to extricate himself from the situation without making it into a big deal.
isn’t something you want – that’s okay. It can be whatever you want it to be right now, in this place, before we have to go save the world again, and it can be whatever you want it to be if we come out the other side.”
Tony just stares.
Pepper sighs again, then clears her throat and straightens her shoulders. “Go shower,” she says, stern again. “Put on clean clothes. Go to dinner. Hold hands with your fiancé. Try not to kill each other. Captain Rogers will meet you at the restaurant, but you are to come home together. Several someones will take pictures of you inside on their phones and upload them to the internet, so look cozy, but no need to overdo it. Paparazzi will be outside waiting for you when you leave, so look like you’re pretending to be casual. If you can get caught by the press letting go of each other as you walk out the door that would be ideal, but the timing might be tricky, and there are a lot of factors with that sort of thing.”
Tony frowns, but before he can figure out how to ask what Steve’s actually thinking, Barton is declaring they need takeout when they get home, and Bruce is chiming in over the open line that there’s a new Indian place he’s been meaning to try.
“Happy as clams,” Tony agrees blithely, refusing to take the bait. He knows what she’s thinking, but it’s too late to do anything but carry on.
“Yes, Mom,” Tony says, but he’s still grinning, so that’s all right.
“What?” Steve stops when Tony does, eyes quickly scanning the scattered people around them, the trees, the monument.
Natasha heaves a very put-upon sigh, gives her hair a last swipe with the comb, and sets about gathering her own things together, disappearing momentarily back behind the partition. “If you think you’re up for it,” she calls, only a little muffled, “I’ll talk to Coulson and Fury, I’m sure we could use you back in the field. Probably not Bogotá, I think they’ve got a specific team in mind for that, but there are a couple the three of us could take, with just a handler, rather than sending out a full strike team.”
“Huh,” Tony says again.
“Because the masses cannot mind their own business and your previous paramour was a bag of scum,” Thor sounds like he’s reciting. “My love and her companion, the fair Darcy, explained it.”
Tony flips his facemask back down and lifts off.
The moment stretches on, and Steve doesn’t look up, just turns a page and keeps reading. It’s not until he’s turning another page that Tony tells himself firmly to stop being a creep, and clears his throat loudly to get Steve’s attention.
Tony manages not to jump, locks eyes with Steve, and starts walking.
think his life has turned into a 90s teen movie, he does feel like he’s waiting for a punchline, or for the other shoe to drop.
“You did specify eight hours straight through,” Jarvis comments.
Tony snorts, and barrels through half a dozen rats blocking the train on the side closest to the tunnel exit. “Jay, give us the cameras from the subways and whatever you’ve got at street level, starting with SHIELD’s perimeter, and moving out.”
“And that’s the gist of it,” Coulson says before Clint can retaliate. “Agent Romanov, if you can get those –” he nods at the folder he’d handed her “– back to Ms. Potts sometime tomorrow, they can go to the Stark Industries lawyers first thing Friday after the news has broken, so we can get them signed before the wedding.”
He starts sketching Stark Tower while he waits. He’s drawn it enough that it’s not hard to do from memory, even in detail. He leaves off the smashed windows that had still graced the penthouse the last time he’d been there, knows Tony and Ms. Potts have had it fixed in the last year even though he hasn’t been above the conference levels of the Tower since the Chitauri attack. He wonders what the inside looks like now, what the private rooms are like. He’ll be sharing Tony’s space, which he can’t picture as anything less than modernly opulent – or maybe opulently modern, he can never tell with Tony – but he got the impression there were separate residences for the rest of the Avengers. He can’t imagine anything Tony has designed being anything like the army barracks, and Ms. Potts did say apartments, but he can’t really imagine it being anything like his current apartment, either.
people who knew me and cared about me,” Steve grits out. “What’s your excuse? You’re in your own damn time, and the only people who care about you are paid to care, or you built them. Everyone else just fakes it for their own ends. Isn’t that what happened with Stane? And McPherson?”
Tony eyeballs him, like he’s not sure if he’s making a joke. “I’ll ask Pepper what she thinks. They keep in touch.” Tony makes a face that Steve can’t quite parse. “If she doesn’t know anything, I’ll ask Natasha. She’s still angry with Fury over the whole thing.”
Steve eyes him like he doesn’t understand. “The team is falling apart,” he says, and now Tony isn’t sure if he actually didn’t understand, or if he’s being deliberately obtuse. “I thought maybe working together again would bring us back together as a team. Things seemed better, finding the scepter, going after it, the party when we got back. But what’s happening now is only making it more obvious that none of us trust each other. Clint’s family.” He waves a hand as if to encompass the house around them. “None of us even knew.”
“Red for me,” Tony tells him. “Did you want a wine list?” he asks Steve. “Or something else?”
“Only minor abrasions detected, Sir,” Jarvis replies promptly. “I would have notified you immediately had there been any significant injury.”
Tony eyes her. Now he’s wondering what else she’s talked to Steve about. “This would be sometime in the last two days,” is what he eventually goes with. “After the thing with the alligators. Before breakfast this morning.”
The tunnels are dark and wet, and Tony assumes they smell pretty rank, given Barton shares several times that the smell is making him gag, and Natasha tells him each time to shut up, he’s making it worse. Tony tries not to be smug about having his own air supply, but mostly he just manages to be smug silently. He figures that’s progress.
. Fury wanted to put us in time-out for bitching at each other in public, because
, because you are
“Are you going to be okay?”
For a few seconds, Tony thinks about telling her no, he’ll see her when Rhodey sends his report, but he does owe her, and the look she’s giving him now tells him not to try it. “I’ll just finish up with this, then,” he promises, gestures at the holographs he was working on before she came in.
Somehow the smirk helps Steve find his balance again. “Right,” he agrees, rests a hand high on Tony’s shoulder, fingers curling against his collar, ignores the sudden thought that if Tony were in street clothes, he’d be touching skin. “What now?”
“– and you know I’m not a fan of bungee jumping, anyway. I have no control over the fall or snap.”
Tony huffs a bit of a laugh. “Good point, J.”
“Not this,” Steve waves his hand around again. “Everything else. You and Bruce. You’ve been keeping all kinds of secrets, and they’ve turned out to be a hell of a lot more dangerous than Clint’s. What else do you have going on?”
Rhodey and Pepper are standing a little way down the hall, talking quietly. They both look up at the sound of Tony stepping out of the room he was using for last-minute preparations.
He rolls his eyes. “Don’t leave sweatmarks on my chairs,” he tells them, and leaves before he can get sucked into an argument about privacy and kitchen rights.
Steve hadn’t asked who or what Clint had lost, but he’d tucked the drawing he’d done of Clint that night under his door the next morning, and the last time he’d been to Clint’s apartment he’d seen it tacked up on the fridge.
“I doubt he’ll see it that way.”
know? No, he’s not that good of an actor, to be able to hide something like that. But the others? He’s going to have to figure that out. Make sure no one thinks it’s serious, and, more importantly, make sure no one says anything about it to enlighten Steve. Tony’s pretty sure he couldn’t handle that.
“May I ask towards what these enquiries tend, Captain?” There’s a slight edge of something Steve can’t quite place in Jarvis’s voice.
Tony rolls his eyes, but follows the two of them around the corner towards the event hall.
Steve loosens his grip on Tony’s arm, but doesn’t let go. “I know this isn’t – it’s not a romantic relationship,” he says, looks like he’s struggling a little to figure out what he wants to say, or maybe just how to say it, “but we’ve been doing all right, out in public. Physically, I mean. I’ve,” Steve’s ears are bright red now, and there’s a distinct flush creeping up his neck and into his cheeks, but he pushes on. “I’ve enjoyed it, anyway, and you always seem to. So it wouldn’t be a hardship.”
Fury gives him an unimpressed look.
“Even not flaunting it in front of the press?” Clint persists. He glances at Tony, then at Ms. Potts. “He doesn’t really do subtle.”
Steve opens his mouth, but Tony cuts him off again.
Steve stares. For all Rhodes’s expression and tone, he could have been talking about the weather. “What?” he manages to get out.
A corner of the metal sticks into Tony’s thumb, and he hisses, sticks the digit in his mouth for a second, tastes metal and dirt, then squints at it to see if he’s bleeding. “Rhodey was here, and I’ve been working,” he tells his thumb, hoping it sounds less defensive out loud than it does in his head.
“Of course,” Natasha nods, smacks Clint’s hand when he tries to reach for the folder. “Do you want to do the paperwork?” she asks.
Steve has to grit his teeth to keep from telling Tony to knock it off.
Fury’s mouth twists into something that might be a frown. “Not that I doubt the impressive abilities of Ms. Potts, but smoothing over your dumbass drunken mishaps is different from convincing the country that Cap here doesn’t want you burned at the stake, or whatever bull they’re all spouting at the moment.”
Uncertain of another option for getting Tony’s attention over the music, Steve crouches down and shakes one of the protruding legs by the ankle.
“But –”
Pepper gives him a suspicious look, but there’s clearly no time, because she lets it go, and gives him a push towards the door. “Your turn,” she says, keeps half a step behind him as they walk.
The lights in the gym are set to half-brightness when Tony walks in. Natasha’s at the bar, running through what look like ballet exercises. She meets his eyes in the mirror and gives him a little nod, but doesn’t turn until she comes to the end of her routine.
“Just drawing?”
Tony opens his mouth to say something – probably to brush this off, too – but Steve sees a gaggle of finely coiffed women descending, and decides to test his theory. Before Tony can say anything, Steve tenses, tightening his arm around Tony’s shoulders, partly in warning, and partly because he knows that’s how he tends to react when he’s bracing for impact.
Everything, Tony wants to say, anything. “Fuck me,” he says, because he doesn’t know if everything is on the table, and he
Eventually, Steve brings two steaming mugs over to the table and sets one down in front of Tony, nudging the now-cold coffee mug out of the way. “Here,” he says. “It’s a lavender chamomile with honey.”
“It would appear there are alligators in the sewers, Sir.” Jarvis sounds embarrassed to even be saying it.
“That’s the last of them,” Coulson says from wherever he is. “Cap, Widow, you’re clear.”
. And if Steve says this is what they’re doing, then he’s not going to go off and do anything with anyone else, with or without an NDA, and feeling jealous and guilty about it every time he wonders where Steve is, and who he is with, and what they’re doing has been killing him.
Steve joins them a few moments later. “Impressive,” he tells Barton.
“I did.”
.” Tony runs his fingers roughly through his hair, grips the back for a long moment, then takes several deep breaths.
“No,” Steve has that look on his face that means he’s decided not to ask. “Whatever you’re having is fine.”
Tony sighs and pushes himself to his feet, goes to pour himself a healthy measure of bourbon. “Don’t be in a snit,” he says, swallows half the drink in one go. “It’s not like I planned this. I didn’t get up this morning thinking, ‘oh! I know! I’ll piss Fury off today and marry a national goddamned icon to fix it!’” Tony empties the glass and pours another. “This is not,” he stares at the amber liquid for a moment, swirls it around, but doesn’t drink. “This is not going to be easy. I am aware of that. I know my track record. I know
“It’s not the tape, Tony, and you know it.” Pepper really does know him too well. “It’s the pictures, it’s the article –”
“Wonderful.” Tony holds out his arms for the suit, letting it wrap around him. He takes half a second to breathe, letting himself relax for just a moment as the faceplate comes down and the HUD lights up, and then he’s off, launching himself from the platform and circling down the runway into the hangar.
“The tailor called,” Pepper says, in her infinite wisdom choosing to ignore half of what Tony’s said, along with his tone. “The suit you wanted to wear was delivered about an hour ago. And I had a few things sent over for Captain Rogers to choose from. They used the measurements they have on file, so unless he’s added a few new muscle groups in the last few weeks, everything should fit. You get to tell him he’s not allowed to go in anything khaki and/or plaid.”
“I don’t know how you’ve managed,” Steve admits. “Is he this bad when he actually likes you?”
“The workshop,” Tony clarifies, twists his mug around in his hands. “I need to do something.”
“Half an hour?” Steve asks.
“Scotch on the rocks,” Tony confirms, only the slightest widening of his eyes betraying his surprise that Steve remembered. Steve really does need to be better than this.
“But the apartment is there for him to use if he wants it,” Tony feels compelled to add. “He shouldn’t – don’t keep him out. It’s his. He should have a place to go, if he needs it, and it’s been set up, anyway.”
It’s Tony’s turn to shrug. “We were both yelling in public. Sure he started it, but it’s not like I don’t know better. And I said some pretty uncalled for things – you heard it.” Tony can’t help but wince, still feels like an ass for what he said, and even worse that everyone else had to hear him say it. “Don’t think I didn’t notice you avoiding the question.”
It’s all surprisingly touching. And as the majority of Steve’s anger dissipates with these revelations, the guilt he’s been feeling over the things he said rises to the forefront.
Steve shakes his head, but he can feel his mouth twitching at the corners. “‘Darling’ is it?”
“Holy rats, Batman,” Barton breathes, and then has to get three tranquilizer arrows into a single rat before it drops.
“Great,” Tony says. “See you at dinner, then.” He gives the ground a kick, and slides back under the car. The music blares to life again around them.
Clint shrugs. “You just said free food and coffee.”
“What?” Tony frowns. “No. No! No congratulations. Fake marriage, J.”
“Pep, calm down.” Tony grabs Pepper by the shoulders, gives her a little shake. “I was teasing. And I never went bungee jumping off the Golden Gate Bridge, Tracy decided San Francisco was too far away –”
“Sass,” Tony mutters. “All I get is sass. It was
“And no dawdling!” Pepper half-yells, half-laughs after him as the doors close, the sound following him down to the garage.
And Steve. Steve can’t do this. Tony’s got the beginnings of what looks like a truly magnificent black eye, and a trace of blood running down from a cut across his cheekbone, and Steve doesn’t even know how these things happen when the man is wrapped in metal from head to foot, but he just. Can’t do this. “You couldn’t just stay where you were goddamned told?”
Briefly, Tony contemplates just staying in the shower. But Pepper has proved more than once that something as minor as Tony’s nudity will not keep her from doing her job, and he’s not really up to fighting with her sans pants, right now.
is now convinced our dear Captain is full of judgment for anyone not flying the straight-and-narrow. We needed to troubleshoot. He suggested we tell people we were arguing about picking out curtains, or china patterns, or wedding venues, and the Powers That Be decided we would have to
In spite of Pepper playing time-keeper, Steve’s already there, easy to spot the moment Tony clears the entryway, even sitting in the back, in a quiet, not-quite-secluded corner of the restaurant. He sees Tony a moment later and rises, takes an aborted half-step forward, like he’s going to pull Tony’s chair out and thinks better of it, and ends up standing almost at parade rest while he waits.
It all adds up to feel a bit like a high-end hotel. For all there’s art on the walls, and personal touches here and there – Steve suspects Ms. Potts for both – it doesn’t feel lived in, or as if any decision had been made on
All of the ways this will probably implode are still circling around his brain, but, for just this moment, Tony tells them to shut up. Maybe this wasn’t something either of them wanted, and maybe Steve would rather punch Tony in the face instead of kissing him, but, for now, they’re stuck with each other, and maybe,
“Right,” Tony says cheerfully. “Well, we should go. I don’t really –” he twiddles his fingers in the direction of the action “– sports, so much, clearly, but SI has a box at the Garden, and a couple glass seats, I think, so we should go. I think you’d fit right in.”
“Steve’s not leaving, either,” Tony tells his reflection. “The man may be a Grade A pain in the ass as often as not, but so are the rest of us. And his leaving wouldn’t really solve anything more than my leaving.”
“Of course.” Tony only takes half a second to think about it, then adds, “I’ll have Jarvis let them know they can move into the Tower as well. There are apartments for all of them.”
“They’ll buy that Captain Rogers does, and Tony would do anything for the love of his life, right, Tony?” Ms. Potts gives Tony a significant-looking eyebrow raise. He grins back, bright like he does for the cameras.
“Well, it looks like a lot more than that,” Pepper says. “Jarvis? Would you?”
“There’s a perimeter set up outside,” Coulson announces over the comms. “Agents are keeping foot traffic back, and a block has gone out to keep new subway cars from trying to get through.”
Steve looks away first, lashes casting dark shadows over his cheeks.
Steve vacillates for a moment. He was hoping Tony would be gone or in his workshop, and the others would be in their private quarters, or not in the Tower at all. He can’t even get to his room or the library without going past someone. “Is there a – a conference room, or somewhere else I could go to be alone?” he asks carefully.
Tony laughs, light and easy, and some of the tension dissipates. “Shall we?” he asks, gestures down the halls towards the gallery’s exhibit rooms, away from the party in the main hall.
“I can’t reach Cap,” Bruce says, ignoring the greeting, “but tunnels and subways and the Other Guy don’t really mix.”
Happy’s waiting with the car by the time they make it outside, and Tony slides into the backseat with a feeling of mixed relief and disappointment. He’s glad for the clean getaway, but he’d actually been really enjoying himself, what with the novelty of being outside for something fun, the hotdogs and overpriced cheap beer, the excited kids, and Steve almost fully relaxed for once, one with the yelling crowd. It had been a completely different experience from the stuffy boxes full of board members and potential business associates that Tony’s been used to at sporting events.
Tony makes a non-committal noise, flips his scrap of metal over his fingers.
What seems like only a moment later, Tony blinks his eyes open and realizes he’s missed more than half the movie. He’s got one hand wrapped loosely around Natasha’s ankle, the other flopped on Steve’s thigh, and he’s somehow cuddled up against Steve’s side, head on Steve’s shoulder. Steve has an arm draped over Tony’s shoulders, probably because it couldn’t have been very comfortable to have it trapped between them, though possibly just out of habit at this point.
“These are actually fairly average sized for alligators,” Natasha remarks, and Tony turns to give Steve a smug look before remembering he’s got the facemask down.
“Thank you. Could –” Steve cuts off at the sight of Ms. Potts waiting for the elevator. “Ms. Potts. Hello.” As if trying to navigate a conversation with Jarvis wasn’t awkward enough.
“Of course,” Ms. Potts answers. She’s scrolling through something on her phone. “They weren’t particularly pleased about working through a Friday night, but we pay them more than enough for them to deal with it. They weren’t bothering you about any of this, were they?”
“Thor,” Steve tries on a smile. “I didn’t hear you come up,” and that as much as anything is a good indication of how distracted he is. “When did you get here?”
Steve opens his mouth – to, what, thank her? He has no idea – and shuts it again when he realizes she’s not finished.
It’s roughly three-thirty in the morning when Tony gives up on sleep. He’s not quite in the mood to attempt anything in the workshop, but his head is buzzing too much for him to focus on reading, whether paperwork he’s been procrastinating on, or a book. He tried poking at a couple different engineering journals over an hour before, and even that couldn’t hold his attention.
“Very good, Sir.”
Tony huffs, but waves a hand for Jarvis to put the call through. The blueprints Tony’d had up slide to one side, replaced by a video screen with Pepper’s face, already scowling.
Tony’s head comes up, fingers stilling against the screen of his phone. Steve abruptly realizes he’s staring, trying to figure out if he’s ever seen the man smile at anyone the way he smiled at McPherson in all those photos, and turns back towards Fury. He ends up staring at the projection instead, wondering if he’s about to get chewed out for fighting again with Tony in public.
“We’ve cleared the area,” is Coulson’s response. “Your call, Cap.”
“Remind me to take you to a hockey game this winter,” he says after Steve lets out a particularly wild string of curses at the home plate umpire.
Steve finishes tying his laces while he thinks. “When was the last time Tony slept more than eight hours straight through when he wasn’t sick or recovering from something?” he asks eventually.
“You have been granted clearance to any level,” Jarvis says crisply, which could be a yes, Steve thinks, though Jarvis’s voice sounds almost. Disapproving? He’s not sure a computer can be disapproving. The doors swish open again and Steve steps inside. They snap closed right on his heels, and the elevator drops, Steve’s stomach jumping with the descent, before coming to an abrupt halt. He’s pretty sure the trip up hadn’t been quite so swift, but given the way Tony flies, he’s not particularly surprised he’d design an elevator that plummets like a carnival ride.
Pepper narrows her eyes a little bit more, and visibly restrains herself from launching back into it. “Shower,” she says firmly. She steps back out of his hold and makes shooing gestures with her hands.
Tony quirks a grin at the nearest camera. “Flatterer.”
Steve is starting to get whiplash from this conversation. It’s an unfortunate side effect of talking to Fury, sometimes, even though it always seems to turn out later that everything was actually connected. It’s trying, but he usually at least attempts to keep up. “You were,” he pauses, “close?” he decides on. “With Howard Stark.”
“Wonderful,” Pepper says dryly. “I’ll let Natasha know when I see her, then, shall I?”
he thinks acidly, then firmly stomps on the thought. It’s not like it will help. He needs to figure out what he’s doing here and now; tomorrow can be dealt with when it happens. He squeezes back, only a little hesitantly, because he can see what looks like very real concern on Tony’s face, in spite of the glasses, and while he’d rather be miles away, that’s not an option, and he certainly doesn’t want to cause a scene.
Clint turns a baleful glare on Banner.
That’s only slightly disconcerting, Steve thinks, wonders what else Jarvis controls. He’s about to ask when Tony appears from the direction of the bedrooms. He looks a little surprised to see all of them in his kitchen, but he doesn’t say anything, just heads for the coffee machine, grabbing a mug on his way.
“She’s used to cleaning up Stark’s messes,” Fury reminds him, which is both as unhelpful as everything else he’s said since he sat down and unflattering to boot.
“Got that?” Tony asks, eyeing the feed, half-hoping a pattern will leap out at him.
if it’s just for show, and he knows it isn’t going to last forever. He can feel the vibrations of Steve’s laugh, and maybe it’s a bad idea, maybe he’s just digging himself deeper into a hole, but he’s going to do whatever he can to keep Steve this happy, or happier, for however long he’s given.
Tony’s not quite sure what his face is doing, but Pepper’s expression abruptly shifts more towards sad.
“That’s my line,” the words slip out of Tony’s mouth without his say-so, but it makes the corner of Steve’s mouth tick up just a little.
“I’m trying to be less of a dick,” Tony tries not to snap. “But it’s not like there’s much to work with.”
“Of course, sir,” Jarvis responds promptly. “Are there any other permissions you wish to assign with this newest influx of housemates?”
been a long engagement.”
Tony takes a deep breath, because another outburst is not what anyone needs right now, least of all him, when he has to go out there and, fuck,
Coulson’s mouth twitches. “Is it ever anyone else?”
Hours later, and the fight still rankles. Steve knows part of it is how wound up he is these days, the pressure of always looking happy whenever there are cameras around. And there are
“Can we talk?”
Steve fiddles with the remains of his breakfast, hoping to catch Tony on the way out, but Ms. Potts, who had been having what looked like a very intense conversation with Natasha, swoops in, looping her arm through Tony’s, and steers him out of the room and farther into the apartment without a glance in Steve’s direction, leaving just him and Natasha in the kitchen. He glances at her, about to say he’ll see her around, and blinks at the way she’s watching him, face its usual blank mask, but somehow managing to give off more Don’t Mess With Me vibes than usual.
“They couldn’t pry me away with a crowbar,” Tony tells him, tightens his grip so Steve knows he’s not joking.
Tony eyes her. “How politely?” he asks, feeling a little suspicious.
,” he makes his point by blasting his millionth rat, “and turning into
“Or you could just let things go,” Steve points out, and he’s half-joking, wondering where Tony will take this next, but Tony stiffens, almost imperceptibly, and the smile seems a little more frozen on his face.
Tony inhales, glad his lungs respond the way he wants them to. “Smells good,” he allows.
Coulson eyes him. “Good,” he says. “Glad you’re not worried. It wouldn’t be a good start. If you were worried, Stark might worry, and what a marriage that would be.”
Tony blinks, then looks back at Steve just as he reaches the door.
The distress hasn’t left Pepper’s face, but she looks determined now, as well. Multi-tasking facial expressions. Tony wonders if most people can do that, or if it’s just her. “Whether or not you want to talk about him – and I understand that you don’t – we still have to handle this.”
sleep with Steve Rogers when the man is in his dance space and touching him. “No one would approve,” he tries, as if he’s ever given a damn before, has made a point not to, but Steve might. Maybe. Tony’s come to realize that Steve is a bit of a rebel, but he somehow still always has to be the best Boy Scout, helping kittens cross streets and saving little old ladies from trees, and it’s not like there are badges for getting heartsick billionaires laid, but it’s just like Steve to offer to sleep with him for the good of the team without realizing what a mess it would actually make. “Besmirching a national icon, and all that.”
“He was looking for you, earlier.”
Tony can’t help but scoff a little at that, and Pepper rolls her eyes at him.
Steve isn’t by the bar anymore, and Tony’s heart drops, thinking maybe he’s actually gone home with the woman he’d been with before, but then he spots him not too far from the door to the terrace, smiling politely at several young socialites who have clearly decided to try to adopt him.
, had said it sounded like fun. Tony’s pretty sure that was a lie, but here they are, two days later, at the Met.
Steve bites the inside of his cheek to keep from pointing out that Fury was the one who had sought Steve out, not the other way around. “For Tony’s exes?” he asks instead. He’s fishing now, he knows he is, and he’s not quite sure why, but the whole situation is bothering him, and he wants to know.
“Yeah,” Steve breathes out, a little unsteady, and it might be agreement, might just be acknowledgment, but he leans in to kiss Tony again, hard like he wants to leave an impression, and when he pulls back he’s taken the condom and lube from Tony’s hand.
They both look older. Everyone looks older, even Thor, and Tony hadn’t been sure that could happen. Aged with grief. Tony hasn’t looked in a mirror since he’s been back, shies away from reflective surfaces, barely even looks out windows at night. He doesn’t think he’s the only one.
articles, or were you not looped in on those?”
And when he walks into the conference room after lunch, he’s still thinking about the videos he’d watched of the parades, thinks he might like to take another roadtrip, drive out west, see the Windy City from his bike instead of the stage. He’s not expecting to see an image of himself in uniform arguing with Iron Man projected up on the screen at the front of the room.
Pepper’s eyes crinkle just a bit at the corner with a hidden grin, and Tony suppresses a sigh. Good thing he’s not used to a quiet life.
“Oh,” Steve says, then, “Oh.”
“Rhodey agreed to come along and play extra air support,” Tony announces breezily as they all troop onto the jet and Natasha heads for the pilot seat to take them up and out.
“The Avengers?”
“You’re never too old for daydreams,” she tells him tartly, “and you’ve been known to believe as many as six impossible things before breakfast – and make them possible by lunch.”
“Probably to see if you were ready to go home.”
“I can –” Tony starts, but.
Coulson nods. “Just a small, quiet ceremony. Close friends only. No fuss.”
“I always do, sir,” Jarvis replies, tone soft and sincere.
That gets a grin, which Natasha tries to hide behind the mouth of her bottle, and an eyeroll, that she makes sure he can see. “Come on, then,” she jerks her head towards the mats spread out along another stretch of mirror. “Let’s see if you remember anything from last time.”
Steve’s smile looks a little more real at that. “I designed some of them,” he admits.
“Natasha knew.”
“Fury still won’t clear him for overseas ops,” Steve shakes his head as Tony’s frown deepens. “I don’t think he’s in as great shape as he’s pretending.”
Steve scowls. “And she didn’t feel the need to tell us.”
Steve can feel the heat of embarrassment creeping up the back of his neck. “It wasn’t intentional,” he feels compelled to point out.
Coulson looks up at their entrance and his face does the twitchy thing Tony’s learning means he’s smiling. “Ms. Potts,” he says. “A pleasure as always to see you.”
“Sir,” there’s something chiding in Jarvis’s voice, and for a moment Tony can heard the AI’s namesake. It’s enough to shake him out of his funk, if not entirely settle him.
“She was,” Steve’s smile is a little wistful. “She was a nurse. Used to bossing people around for their own good. Wouldn’t take no for an answer. If she wanted something, she got it done. She used to catch me sketching when I was little. Stubs of pencils and corners of old newspapers, whatever I could get my hands on. I never would have gone to college if she hadn’t decided I was going to do it. She said one of us should do something fun with life, and she spent all her time on the wards.”
“Present.”
“Don’t get smart,” Pepper warns, starts herding him towards the elevator.
“Not only can
Rhodey heaves a very put-upon sounding sigh. “Give me that.” He turns Tony around by the shoulders and takes the strip of demon cloth from Tony’s hands.
Tony shrugs. “Sleep is a weakness of character, ask anyone.”
It stretches longer than it should, and when it slows, when Steve pulls back and ghosts a touch over Tony’s face, across one cheekbone, Tony realizes he’s crying, feels the sting in his eyes and the dampness under Steve’s thumb, sees tracks on Steve’s cheeks, and doesn’t know when it happened, but he feels looser, somehow. Lighter. Wrung out, but like something’s been lifted.
“But we lived at SHIELD,” Clint reminds him, sitting next to Natasha to tug on socks and shoes. “Or, at least, Nat and I did. And you had a place here, if you needed it. This was our home gym. We used the training rooms here all the time. Now we’re all over at Stark’s, and we’re only here, what, once a week? If that. It makes a difference, the mindset you’ve got when you’re in a place.”
Steve cuts a glance in Tony’s direction, and the grin lurking at the edges of his lips comes out full force at Tony’s expression. “It’s true,” he says, and when Tony just manages to huff out a breath, Steve jerks his head at the statue he’s still standing next to. “They do have tiny dicks.”
“Mostly,” Tony echoes, shakes his head a little to try to clear it, takes a step back and runs into his table. Steve grabs at his arm too late to stop him moving, and Tony winces from the impact as everything rattles.
“Hockey,” Tony says again. “A lot of you-shaped men on knife-shoes hitting a flattened ball with sticks.”
with Steve,” Tony retorts, grabs randomly for a pair of cufflinks. “I didn’t even know him then.”
It’s not fair, Tony thinks vaguely, that Steve can look so casually classy in khakis and a button-down shirt, when anyone else would just look like someone’s grandfather. His stomach twists a little as he gets closer, sees the awkward half-smile Steve is wearing, and he tells it firmly that he’s not that hungry, it doesn’t need to start acting up.
Steve blinks. “When was the last time he slept?”
“It’s good to know they went to a good cause,” Steve puts in, hopes it doesn’t sound too stiff.
“Pep,” Tony groans, knows what’s coming.
“Agents Romanov and Barton have returned to their quarters and are equipping themselves. Captain Rogers is en route to the tower. Dr. Banner is in his lab, and wishes to speak with you.”
“I was busy, okay,” Tony snaps. “I had meetings with R&D, and Rhodey was here, and Bruce needed help with a thing, and it’s not like Steve was ever around when I
“What? Why?” That sounds suspiciously like a fight waiting to happen, and Tony has a bet going with himself on how long he can go without wanting to break his fist on Steve’s face. He’s pretty sure it would be longer than he can go without wanting to kiss him, and he’s got a little lip-biting action next time he kisses Steve for the cameras in the pot if he makes it to forty-eight hours.
Tony gives her a smile he knows she won’t buy. “I know,” he says. Then, because it’s clear Rhodey and Pepper are both waiting on him, “I’ll catch up? I just. Need a minute.”
“Look,” he says, quieter now. “I can’t imagine what you’ve been going through, but not a single one of us is judging you for having a hard time. Being in a war zone is enough to mess anyone up, without almost dying and waking up in the future. We all know that. But you have to understand that we are all dealing with our own lives, our own losses, and you don’t get to decide what information deserves to be kept secret, just for you, and what everyone else has to share with you. It doesn’t work that way. If it’s about you, if it’s to do with you, then you have every right to want to know about it, but what Bruce and I were trying to accomplish – what we
“Welcome home, sir.” Jarvis’s voice is clear over the speakers. “There are eight new articles since this morning, two primarily regarding the newest StarkPhone, one debating the current effects of your previous relationship with Mr. McPherson, and five concerning the Avengers. Your appointment with Dr. Currin from Research and Development has been postponed, new date pending. An invitation has arrived for the Sidewalk Angels benefit next month; as per Ms. Potts’s approved list I have sent your acceptance and added it to your calendar. And the diagnostics for the GranCabrio are completed. I trust your meeting at SHIELD went well.”
“It’s fine,” Rogers says, though he looks a little baffled.
“Don’t,” he shakes his head, doesn’t want to do this again. “It’s fine. It will
The sound Fury makes isn’t agreement, but it’s not quite disagreement either. “You and Stark might have very different ideas of what kind of boat you’re sailing.”
Tony opens his mouth, shuts it, cocks his head a little like he’s sizing Steve up, and Steve is about to snap at him, when Tony sighs. “Look,” he says, tone much softer than Steve had been half-braced for. “You might not be tired, but I am.” Steve blinks at that, isn’t sure he’s ever heard Tony offer up any hint of weakness before, and realizes, with a start, that this is Tony trying. “If you don’t want to go now, that’s fine,” Tony continues. “But I thought it might be easier on us both if I just called Happy and had him take us somewhere – we can sneak out the back and avoid the press. They’re going to be taking pictures of us later, anyway, no point in dealing with them again now. SHIELD can handle their questions about the rats.”
“Everything’s moving along well,” Coulson continues. “The wedding seems to be in hand. We’re scheduled for Sunday afternoon. Colonel Rhodes has been granted personal leave time, but won’t be able to get here until Saturday night. In the meantime, we’re going to continue the subtle approach, and let the public do the work of putting everything together.”
Noise is coming in a low rumble from the direction of the living room when Tony gets home late one night after a two-day conference in Hong Kong. He’s worn out from the conference and the flight, but not sleepy, exactly, and while he was hoping to just faceplant in his pillows, he’s not sure how effective that would be. It sounds like John Williams and fighter jets, and further investigation proves that Return of the Jedi is playing in the darkened living room, his four teammates clustered around the big TV.
Steve takes another step forward, very deliberately getting into Tony’s face, and Tony takes an automatic step back before planting himself. “You just take whatever you want,” Steve’s practically spitting, and Tony has no idea how this went south quite so quickly, but he’s not about to roll over just because Steve’s decided to start throwing his weight around again.
“It wasn’t meant to be –” he starts, stops, thinks back to all the women he’d seen Tony flirting with tonight, every night, every time they go out to one of these events. He knows Tony comes home with him every time, holding hands and smiling for the cameras, but there have definitely been periods in the middle there where Tony has vanished from the main rooms, especially lately, now that things have settled down a bit. “Have you been making time with all those ladies you meet?” he asks, tries not to bristle, but he’d thought. He’d thought. “Is that why you’re bringing this up now? You feel guilty you’ve been sneaking off and wanted to make sure I was going to do the same?”
Tony looks Steve full in the face at that, wonders if that’s why he’s awake now, if his nightmares are full of gunfire and bodies or ice and nothing. He almost asks, almost offers to listen, almost shares, but the words stick in his throat, caught between his still-jagged breathing and the heartbeat he hasn’t quite brought down yet. “Tea?” is the only thing he manages to get out.
“Not sure,” Tony admits as he starts walking down the hallway. “SHIELD doesn’t put anything other than the danger level in their call-outs. Apparently, it causes too much confusion, given some of the weird things that crop up. So we’re not dealing with another invading army, but it’s not a bank heist, either.”
“Not my idea,” Tony retorts.
Tony huffs another laugh at
“Why?”
“Drop me there?” Steve asks, points towards the Bethesda Terrace, which is a little more open on top than he wants, but at least is a bit higher up.
“I’m flaunting my shiny new husband,” Tony murmurs back, smile locking into place as he looks somewhere past Steve. “It would be lovely if he’d stop trying to squirm away.” He pinches just above Steve’s hip. Hard. Steve jumps.
“Maybe?” Pepper doesn’t seem pleased with that answer.
Tony scowls back immediately, because what the hell? “What the hell? I didn’t know any more than you did.”
“Right,” Tony says again. “Okay. Well.” He’s out. He glances at the coffee pot, which is finally full. “I should,” he gestures in the direction of the coffee.
Tony doesn’t pretend to misunderstand. “I don’t know,” he says honestly. “It feels,” he gropes for the right word, “natural? Not – weird?”
hearing the stories. Brave Steve Rogers – my father’s very favorite person.”
Tony gives her a mock salute and steps into the elevator. “Yes, ma’am,” he says.
Two days pass after the wedding before Steve sees Tony again. He wonders a few times if Tony’s avoiding him, but Steve can also admit he’s maybe avoiding Tony, so it’s hard to tell. The wedding itself was a bit of a blur, the reception even more so. The only really clear memories Steve has are of kissing Tony after their I do’s – which just made him think of that first time, in the park, and he’s not sure if he’s pleased or put out that Tony’s reputation has clearly been well-earned – and of dancing together at the reception, apologizing for stepping on Tony’s toes which only made Tony laugh, and trying not to squint through all of the camera flashes. The five million pictures that appeared in every print publication and all over the internet the next day make it look like he had a pretty good time, though, so he guesses that’s something. He’s still not sure who half the people were, or how Ms. Potts and Coulson had gotten them there without news of the event leaking ahead of time.
“Our esteemed members of the press,” Fury’s voice is dripping sarcasm, “have decided that they weren’t getting enough mileage out of Stark’s old flames, so they’re trying something different on for size. This,” he waves at the screen on the wall, “is part of their latest attempt to stick their collective nose into Avengers business.”
“Ah. I see.” What she sees, Steve has no idea.
, 2008,” Jarvis responds promptly.
“We were not
Coulson passes another folder to Natasha, and starts piling the rest together again while he answers. “You’re going on a date tomorrow to make it obvious you are, in fact, dating, in such a way that the press will think they’ve caught you out. The information will be leaked on Friday that you are, more to the point, engaged, to be followed that evening by another date, minus the subterfuge. The wedding on Sunday will be small, quiet, and tasteful, and when the press finds out on Monday that it has already happened while they were chasing their tails trying to find every public image of the two of you within shouting distance of each other, that is exactly what they will hear. The wedding pictures will be sold for charity – ONE Campaign and the Trevor Project appreciate your donation. From that point on, you will be very much the picture of a honeymooning celebrity couple. You will appear at every benefit and society opening and charity gala holding hands with smiles on your faces. If anyone asks, you are blissfully happy. And everyone else,” he looks around at everyone, “is blissfully happy for you.”
Tony waits, doesn’t know what to say to that, doesn’t know if Steve’s still going, but the silence stretches.
“It’s like the Pied Piper, but backwards,” Tony tries to explain, keeps tracking the movements of the rats in the video feeds he’s getting. “They’re not being created or blown up or –”
The view is breathtaking. It’s not awe-inspiring like some of the things he’s seen – the Alps, the Grand Canyon, deserts and oceans as far as the eye can see – but this, this manmade mess, it’s home, and from this high up, he can see all of it, the shining spires and the shadows holding them up.
fought a war. My father, he fought in the First World War. The Great War. The war to end all wars – but that’s every war, isn’t it. The history books now, they say it was the cause of the Second World War. What did that cause? The Cold War? I told Fury, we didn’t fight to keep fighting. We fought to end it. But now I’m here,
“I admire what you’re trying to do, here, Cap,” she says, no pretense at small talk. “We all do. Taking one for the team. It’s a noble thing you’re doing, and it won’t be easy. Tony is a handful, though if anyone can handle him, it would be you.”
“Messing with things you don’t understand –”
Tony spins in his chair to face her. “I did not agree to this!”
“It was named for your mother, wasn’t it?” Mr. Cooper cuts in smoothly, and Steve starts.
“You probably got more done without me there,” Tony points out, glad for the change in topic, even if talking about board meetings is almost as bad as actually attending them.
Pepper’s expression gets a little soft, and a little sad. “That’s not true,” she says. “There’s so much to you, Tony, and so much to love.”
“Let’s walk,” Steve says impulsively, feeling a little foolish, but also a little like he might scream if he has to go sit inside somewhere and be surrounded by people. “I know we have to – go on a date,” the words feel decidedly odd in his mouth, but that’s his life now, he supposes, so he’ll just have to get used to them, “but can we just.” He doesn’t want to say
“Heaven forbid,” he says as drily as he can manage.
Tony waits, but there doesn’t seem to be anything further coming. “And?” he prompts.
There’s a pause. “What is your definition of ‘nap’?”
“Saving, sir,” Jarvis replies.
“All that will hopefully change tomorrow,” Ms. Potts goes on. “Date number two is going to be very obviously a date.” She gives Tony a stern look, then turns it on Steve when Tony just stares back. “The press will likely come to SI first, looking for a comment, which we won’t give them. However, someone is going to
“Let me?” Steve says again, and it’s a question this time. “I want to.” Like Tony’s going to say no.
“You heard me.”
on a loop over the crackle and hiss.
here by something, and they’re growing into these fanged and furry pieces of terrifying when they get within a certain radius of whatever is doing the summoning. There’s no lab or workshop or evil zoo somewhere making these things and setting them loose. They’re only here. And I know this,” he continues, “because I can see them coming, and they’re not like this anywhere else, but they’re all coming
“No, I –” Steve shakes his head, but not as a denial. “I’d like that, Tony,” he says. He knows how private Tony can be about his workshop, but the way Tony’s shoulders drop just the tiniest bit is proof enough that was the right thing to say. “Let’s go talk in your workshop.”
“Nothing special after your photo op dinner?” Mr. Cooper presses, and Tony smirks.
Steve huffs out a breath, and Tony hears his footsteps come a little closer. “That’s ridiculous,” he says. “You’re the same person.”
“Of course…” Steve says, prompting, feeling a little baffled.
“What?” Tony manages not to choke on the single syllable. He has no idea what he looks like, but Steve spreads his hands, wide and empty, palms out, in the air between them.
Tony gives her a look he hopes properly conveys what he thinks of that, and how well it would go over. Jarvis knows how to send perfectly tactful e-mails, Tony’s not quite sure why Pepper’s always trying to make extra work for herself.
Shrugging it off, Steve heads for his own room to drop his bag, change out of his mission uniform, and grab a quick shower.
upstairs, he didn’t even show up with his stupid bagels, so he clearly wasn’t all that eager to see me, either.”
Everyone swivels to look at him.
“Will it matter if I remember it?” Tony asks, moving where she tells him. “You’re just going to knock me on my ass either way.” They’ve only done this a few times since she moved in, but it’s been enough to teach him that she’s not going to go easy just because she’s miles better than he is. He’s gotten fairly good at falling, though, which is something he never really learned with boxing, or the various other forms of hand-to-hand he’s tried before. He gets the impression no one was quite willing to bruise his ego, let alone the rest of him. Natasha does not have that problem.
“Our house,” Natasha corrects, “and yes. He’s got another in the basement.”
he tells himself, taking one, then another, and drops his hand. “Jarvis?”
Steve nods, pulls back a scant few inches, and opens his eyes. “Stay with me tonight?” he asks.
SHIELD shows up nearly twenty minutes behind the Avengers themselves, and start trying to evacuate the subway cars.
. This is nothing like what he’d pictured the lead-up to getting married would be, in the hazy moments when he’d allowed himself to think about it at all, as a vague ‘someday’ sort of thing. He’d thought. Well. He’s known for nearly a year now that he was never going to have what he’d spent most of his life thinking, and he hasn’t had many new thoughts on the matter in that time. And those he has had, well. They were nothing like this, either.
Tony quirks an eyebrow, but doesn’t protest, just taps something else rapid-fire into his phone and tucks it into a pocket. “After you,” he says, pushes the door open before Steve can stop him, and doesn’t even look surprised when the alarm doesn’t go off. “I disabled it,” he says, like it’s nothing. “It’ll kick back in in a couple minutes.”
A corner of Ms. Potts’s mouth ticks up. “Yes, Captain. I have these for you and Tony to sign.” She passes him a folder of papers. “He should be here in a minute, and Natasha said she would find either Agent Barton or Dr. Banner to be a witness.”
care about the team. It’s possible Tony only said what he did because Steve pushed him into retaliating, but Tony’s cavalier attitude towards his own well-being is enough to drive a saint to extreme measures, and no one who has known him has ever thought Steve a particularly laid-back person. He hates it a little that they still fight. He’d really hoped getting to know each other better would help. Until today, he might have even said it had. But now he’s less sure. He does know that, whatever else might be true, Tony would never intentionally do anything that might endanger someone else, especially someone as close to him as Colonel Rhodes, and it was unfair of Steve to have said such a thing.
Pepper glares, but it’s not like she can tell him not to go. And she can’t even yell at him about the noise, because she personally silenced his phone before the meeting started, and she knows as well as he does that Avengers alarms will come through either way. She follows him out into the hall. “What happened?” she asks, and she is most definitely annoyed – it had taken more wrangling than it probably should have for her to get Tony into the meeting to begin with – but there’s also definite concern edging out the irritation in her voice.
“Hello?” Steve doesn’t quite mean for it to come out as a question.
“Pepper’s working on it.” Tony is looking at his phone again, tapping swiftly across the screen. “Hasn’t thought of something yet, but she will. She always does.”
Logic. Great. “Right,” is all Tony says out loud.
Steve meets his gaze steadily.
“All clear out here,” Banner announces.
“Some of the fellas had pin-ups or French postcards in their kits.”
“Present,” Tony adds, and grins wider as chatter breaks out on the line.
For several long minutes they stay like that, Steve collapsed mostly on top of Tony’s chest, nose pressed to the side of Tony’s face, breathing heavily.
“I’m not worried,” Steve says, and it’s not really a lie.
“Of course, Ms. Potts.” Jarvis helpfully brings up the pictures from the previous afternoon.
“Anything new?” Steve asks, has been spending more time around Tony in his workshop, and has realized Tony’s work can be fascinating, even if only half of it makes sense. Steve’s started to get the impression most people don’t even understand that much, and he wouldn’t say it out loud, but it makes him feel a little smug.
“I don’t think –” Tony starts, but Pepper holds up a hand, forestalling him.
“It seems like the best option,” Steve nods, flush fading a little, but face serious enough that Tony doesn’t even suggest he might be joking.
Steve has a sudden image of himself in a rowboat with Tony blasting by in a souped-up PT. He’s not quite sure if it’s funny or not. “We’re better than we were,” he says, feeling a little defensive, thinks they haven’t been arguing less, precisely, but it doesn’t take an alien invasion to keep them from coming to blows anymore, either. And they talk, sometimes, nothing too personal, but in the last few months they’ve been able to have entire conversations that don’t turn into shouting matches. He’s started thinking of him as Tony, lately, too, didn’t want to overstep at first, but Tony calls him Steve occasionally, and Cap far more than Rogers, so he figures it’s okay. It’s progress.
“You and I will sign at the end,” Ms. Potts tells him. “And Natasha will notarize it. Then I’ll get it back to the legal team to file.”
Natasha gives him a look. “Ruin all my fun.”
“Nothing,” Tony nips Steve’s bottom lip, kisses him again. “Just,” he tugs the waistband of the pants as he speaks between kisses. “Where did Clint get these?”
“What?” Steve blinks, like maybe he hadn’t actually been focused on Tony and Natasha at all. “Oh. No. You’re not going far.”
“He’ll probably say I was slacking, I don’t know, but it worked.” Tony feels that’s what Pepper should be taking away from this, and Steve had been thrilled not to have to sit through another meal with Tony – had vanished into his room as soon as they had gotten home and hadn’t come out again for the rest of the evening – so he shouldn’t have any complaints, either.
Tony snorts. “Of course not. He’s just doing me a favor. Doing us all a favor. Taking one for the team. Selfless Steve Rogers to the rescue.”
“Yes,” Rhodey agrees. “Several times. But now you’re married to the man. In part
“Voice recognition: Captain Steven Grant Rogers,” Jarvis says, then repeats, slightly slower this time, “Please enter access code, Captain.”
“– or, or go bungee jumping off the Golden Gate Bridge –”
Even with the cowl still covering half of his face, the scowl is obvious. “Were you planning on telling anyone you were wounded?” Steve demands.
interested, though how much of that is for the audience or from simple proximity, Steve can’t be sure. He doesn’t want to rock the boat by just coming out and asking, thinks that might be a little crude, but. Well. A little more affection never hurt anyone, and Tony hadn’t said anything when Steve had kissed him just now with just the two of them there, so maybe Steve can test the waters that way.
“I guess we should be glad they’re not giant, the way the rats and pigeons were,” Tony says out loud when Steve appears, stepping out through the glass doors and striding purposefully over to where Tony’s waiting.
“You’re back early,” Natasha smiles. “We didn’t expect you until tomorrow. How was the flight?”
Clint shoots her a look of betrayal, the effect only slightly ruined by the new mouthful he’s working on. Natasha ignores him.
Tony scowls, but the facemask snaps shut over it, and he takes a hopping step back before kicking off the ground, heading for the southwest corner of the park.
“Because, now, Captain America doesn’t approve of my lifestyle choices.” Tony’s tone is so bland it takes a minute for his words to sink in.
Steve frowns. “Yes?” he doesn’t mean for it to come out a question, but it lilts up a bit at the end anyhow.
If the bright red of Tony’s mouth as he quirks another grin still makes Steve want to kiss him again, well, there will be opportunities later, he’s sure.
“You might not, but can you promise SHIELD won’t on your behalf?”
Steve rumbles something in reply, but Tony’s already asleep.
Steve tries to make his hands relax. It’s more difficult than it should be.
Steve startles, looks up, so close they’re sharing air, and Tony will never know which one of them moved first, but they’re kissing.
“The music and fireworks later.”
“This isn’t fair.” Steve’s still in the sleep pants and t-shirt he’d been wearing in his room, but he’s got his Righteous Face on. Clearly, he means business. Tony’s just not quite sure what kind of business he means.
Tony tries to shift away without success. “Thanks?”
It’s nice just walking with Tony, oddly enough. They don’t talk, but it doesn’t feel uncomfortable, more like a silence between friends than between two people forced to be out together. Steve had thought, for a while, that maybe this was where they were headed, a comfortable friendship, rather than a sometimes-strained working partnership. Over the last couple days, he hasn’t been sure if their current situation would destroy any progress they’d made, or help it move along faster. He’s hoping for the latter, but he hasn’t been holding his breath. Until now, he wasn’t even sure Tony knew how to be quiet – he’d swear the other man
Steve’s head comes up, and it’s like Tony can actually see every muscle tense at the sight of him. “Tony,” he acknowledges.
“And it’s just that easy for you?” Steve isn’t sure why he doesn’t just agree, it’s just dinner, and he would definitely like to get it over with, but there’s something under his skin right now, and Tony’s insouciant attitude rankles even more than usual.
Jarvis doesn’t respond.
“Right.” Tony heaves himself to his feet and follows Steve out of the room, abandoning his still-full glass on a table as he passes.
Both legs jerk, there’s a dull, semi-metallic
“Good. Jarvis, if you could send me the names of whoever it was trying to contact Tony, I’d appreciate it. We’ll have words.” Her smile reminds Steve a little bit of Peggy when she was preparing to make someone feel like an idiot. It’s oddly comforting.
” is still ringing in his ears. It had been accompanied by a warning glare, much like the one she is currently sporting, and Steve
“No,” Tony has to agree. “Probably not. But,” he holds up a hand before Steve can say anything, “mass murdering AIs aside, it’s not like there’s a
For several long minutes, neither of them says anything else while the coffee machine gurgles and the kettle starts to hiss.
he slept, which, well, fair – and he’d even gotten them both coffee refills one of the times Tony actually sat with him.
“I’ll think it over,” he says. “Thanks, J.”
“Congratulations,” Rhodey says, automatic, then, “Not the point. Just because you manage to stay on good terms with almost everyone you’ve ever slept with does not mean they do not leave you a wreck when it ends. They may not see the messy ball of engineering misery they leave behind, but I do, and I hate seeing that happen to you. I know I wasn’t always the most supportive of the way you slept around before, well,” Rhodey’s gesture manages to encompass the arc reactor, the armor case by the door, and everything that happened in Afghanistan and since, “but at least you were careful, and I didn’t have to worry I’d get a call in the middle of the night and find you on the dangerous end of a genius binge, wondering what was so wrong with you that nobody cared about you unless you paid them or built them.”
Tony bites back a retort, because if he tries, he can remember each of those times, and that’s something he’s made a point of not doing. “It’s not the same,” he says eventually, still staring fixedly at the boxes of jewelry. “Pepper aside, I was young and stupid and infatuated and convinced myself I was in love. Even with Trent, I’d thought there was something real. This isn’t like that.”
Tony deposits Barton on top of the train – gently – and uses the kickback from his next repulsor blast at a particularly large rat to spin him back to face the tunnels. An infrared scan shows the mass of rodents in the dark. “Hey, Jolly Green, you getting this?”
“You thought Howard killed your mother?” there’s something in Steve’s voice, horror or sympathy, maybe, or something in between, like the very idea is heartbreaking.
“SHIELD, I think,” Steve offers. He looks back down at the papers in front of him.
“Well, you and
There’s a flurry of motion as everyone finds plates and knives and passes the little tubs of cream cheese around. Ms. Potts manages to tuck the folders she and Coulson were flipping through into her impressively large purse before any food gets on them.
He thanks Jarvis, and takes the elevator down, steadies himself against the drop. Outside, the light is a little less brilliant at street level than it was in the penthouse, the sun partially obscured by the buildings, but it’s still a beautiful day, the sidewalks busy in spite of the early hour.
Tony laughs again. “You’d better,” he says. Then, “Thanks for being here for, you know, everything,” he waves a hand to indicate
“It wasn’t,” Tony cuts her off. “Don’t make it into a thing. If he wants it, it’s there. If he doesn’t, that’s fine. Everyone else seems comfortable enough. He can do what he wants.”
Tony starts, like he’d stopped paying attention, then nods, topping up his mug and moving to sit on Ms. Potts’s other side. “Has anything changed in the last hour?” he asks, taking the pen she offers him.
Fury rolls his eye expressively. “If you want Stark’s history, put in a request with archives. If you can’t find it there, ask
Natasha doesn’t say anything, just waits, takes a swallow of water.
“Me, too,” Tony agrees, voice gritty like his throat is protesting the use.
“Right here, Ms. Potts,” Jarvis replies, and a text spread brightens amongst the photos.
The crash of the gauntlet hitting the ground makes them both jerk back. Tony slams into the table again, and swears.
be doing is too much of a relief for him to do anything that might jeopardize Natasha’s cooperation. He only hopes Fury’s willing to let him go.
“Sounded a lot like it,” Tony points out. He feels like he’s been on edge for days, thinks probably they all have been, and everything’s even closer to the surface with Steve. The fight outside that afternoon drove that home as much as anything else. Talking to Fury helped, he thinks, but he’s still not sure which way he’s going to have to jump.
“It’s not about me,” Steve goes on, “but before SHIELD fell, we found out some of what Hydra had done. Or what they claimed they had done. And I don’t know if it’s certain but I think. The accident that killed your parents,” Steve pauses again, and Tony goes still. Whatever he’d been bracing for, this wasn’t it. “It wasn’t an accident. Hydra was behind it. And I think it was the Winter Solider.” There’s a slight hitch to Steve’s voice, but he swallows and says, more firmly. “It was Bucky.”
Steve blinks at the abrupt subject change, then up at the waiter who practically materializes out of thin air when Tony beckons. He takes the menu he’s offered while Tony rattles off something that might be wine, says “I’ll have the same,” when the man turns to him, and then looks back at Tony, who has opened his own menu rather pointedly in front of his face. At least, it seems pointed.
Tonight, Steve is mostly bored. It’s an odd thing to be grateful for, but he is. He’s itching to go look at some of the new pieces on display – they’re ostensibly here for the opening of a new exhibit, and Steve’s heard good things about the artist – but they’ve been surrounded since they arrived, and no one else seems at all interested in any of the art.
Something like half a second later, Steve breaks their staring contest first. Pepper’s shooing him towards the door to the hall, and Tony looks around, and realizes it’s just the three of them in the room.
Something breaks inside Tony’s chest at the same time he feels something else release. He grabs Steve’s hand out of the air with both of his, and Steve’s sharp inhalation is loud in the stillness. “I’m here,” he says, opens Steve’s fingers from the fist he’s made to press his palm hard against the center of his chest, right over the arc reactor hidden under his clothes. “I’m real. I’m solid. We both are. Feel it?”
“I’m sending you the minutes, if you’d like to go over them. And the group report. We’re still looking into possible causes, for both the appearance and disappearance of the alligators, and if there’s any connection to the rats or pigeons. Someone with a penchant for overlarge animals, perhaps.”
“And then, we’ll see.” Close as they are, Tony can only see the edges of Steve’s smile, but he can hear it just fine.
This is what always happens, he thinks. Everything’s fine right up until it’s not. Tony will say something not at all intended to be incendiary, Steve bites his head off for it, and Tony goes for Steve’s soft spots. He doesn’t even mean to do it – doesn’t usually mean it at all, not these days – but he hates when people try to push him around, and he learned young that the best defense is a good offense. Take them out before they can take you out. And Steve can get right under Tony’s skin faster than anyone since his dad died.
Tony smiles beatifically at him. “Everything okay, honey?” he asks, louder now. “They didn’t leave a pin in your suit, did they? I’ll have to have a word with my tailor,” he adds to the couple who have somehow materialized in front of them. “Third time this month they’ve left pins in. Do you think they’re trying to make a statement?” His thumb is now rubbing gentle circles over the spot he abused. It’s distracting.
“That was once!” Tony protests.
“Now, when you say to
“Blown up?” Steve breaks in. “Like a bomb?”
“Anywhere in particular you’d like us to start?” the female agent who’d spoken downstairs asks. Steve figures he should probably ask her name.
Without warning, Steve reaches out to catch Tony’s hand, and tugs Tony firmly against him. Tony just manages not to flail, has to brace himself against Steve’s chest, instead.
The scowl deepens, and Steve gently shakes Tony’s arm.
“Hey, Jarvis. What’ve you got for me?” Tony watches the elevator doors close and leans against the wall as he is carried upwards.
By the time SHIELD has finished clearing the scene, and Coulson has called them back in for a useless – though thankfully short – debrief and then released them again, it’s late afternoon. Steve is feeling pretty drained – not physically so much, but they’d had to deal with clamoring reporters and
Steve had darted a quick glance at Tony, who had been staring pointedly out one tinted window, but Steve saw him mouth the word
Steve snorts. “He’s hardly a kid.”
he was apologizing for yelling in front of the press?”
By the time Steve reaches his apartment, there are already half a dozen agents waiting outside, sitting on the stoop and chatting. Steve is never sure if this sort of thing is generally how SHIELD operates, or if it’s just down to Coulson’s special brand of efficiency.
. I did not
“Good day, dear?” Tony asks, and it’s trite and practiced, but there’s something in his smile, which has twitched a little like he noticed Steve’s stumbling and is trying valiantly not to laugh, that feels genuine.
“We all had trouble sleeping sometimes,” Steve continues, and it’s easier than he thought it would be, to talk about the Commandos. “And sometimes it wasn’t safe for us all to sleep. So we’d keep each other up, or just pass the time. It was a good way not to think about other things. Where we were, what we were doing, what we still needed to do. We were better off than a lot of units, but we had our share of being cold, wet, and hungry.”
“I’m going to start actually killing these things,” Tony sounds like he’s speaking through gritted teeth.
was poking fun, might try to turn it into a grand gesture to cover, buy an elaborate frame and have an unveiling party or something. Or maybe he’d hang it in his workshop and say he was using it for target practice, hide something sweet behind a joke.
Steve just looks at him. He finds it interesting how many people will explain themselves if he waits long enough. He doesn’t really think Fury is one of those people who will explain anything he doesn’t want to, but it’s always worth a shot.
Tony looks startled for a moment, but his eyes flicker briefly back towards the party and he relaxes.
“Yes, Captain. And Ms. Potts.”
The issue with Tony getting too comfortable with how agreeable Steve’s been is that he stops being careful and does stupid things – like suggesting mid-cup of coffee that they go out. Steve had just kind of stared at him over his bacon, and Tony had managed to backtrack quickly, say that Pepper thought they should do something more like a casual date than the fancy events and dinners they’ve been working with. And then, because Tony can’t always control his mouth when he’s nervous and trying to explain things, he’d blurted out that they should go to the Met, because Steve likes art, and Tony was already thinking of Pepper, who also likes art, and then he’d wanted to kick himself, because
It’s a perfect day for a ballgame, sunny and warm without being unpleasantly humid. The Mets aren’t scoring, but the Cubs aren’t really, either, just the one in the first, and Tony isn’t really invested either way. Steve loves all baseball – a surprising number of the stories he’s told Tony that don’t involve him getting his ass kicked revolve around him sneaking into Ebbets Field as a kid (though the two don’t seem to be mutually exclusive). He seems to be testing where his loyalties will end up, now the Dodgers are in California. He hasn’t completely given up on them, he says, but it’s not the same. He’s tentatively rooting for the Mets, so Tony figured a Mets game would be the way to go. Tony’d contemplated flying them out to LA for a game, but didn’t think Steve would take that very well, and all of their upcoming functions are in New York, so Tony doesn’t even have that as an excuse to get them out there. The one thing Steve
