He took a shaky breath in, focusing on the silver crescent in the sky outside of his window, the textured softness of his blankets, of the sound of his own heartbeat pumping loud enough he could hear it in his ears. He was safe, the team was safe, no one was about to die.
"I'm fine. Maybe I'll go get some food or something like that, I don't know." Steve got up, and started to move towards the door, but then there was a hand grasping his upper arm. A warm and calloused arm, that Steve sometimes had thoughts about that weren't terribly decent.
"If dreams and nightmares often feature certain people, then it means that you're thinking about those people a lot. Maybe worrying about them more than you should. Figuring out why those people are always on your mind could help get rid of the nightmares."
Steve felt a slight blush on his cheeks. There could have been multiple reasons for this, but Steve knew the main cause was that Tony was singing, full volume, along with the song. It didn't help that those lyrics put certain images in Steve's mind; images that, perhaps, were not responsible for Captain America.
Steve leaned his head back on the couch and shut his eyes, realizing that maybe he shouldn't have said that. If telling Tony that he had been having nightmares in itself had been a bad idea, then how much worse of an idea was it to tell Tony that he was the one was normally in these nightmares?
Steve opened the door to Tony's lab, and shut it extremely quickly, afraid of waking up everyone else in the tower with the volume of music that was playing. But then again, who would Tony be if he wasn't blasting some form of AC/DC at an arguably slightly inappropriate time?
Eventually, Tony turned around again, and Steve quickly glanced away, not wanting to seem as if he had been staring at Tony for minutes, filled with a type of adoration. Because, no, Steve was definitely not doing that.
"Tell me then. Telling me could help you get rid of the nightmares, and maybe in the process aid one or two other things."
"Fuck, Tony, I'm going to come-" As he attempted to pull out again, Tony just pulled Steve right back in. Steve moaned in euphoria as he came, his cum filling up Tony's mouth. He felt like he kept coming for an eternity, although he knew it just had to have been a few seconds. It just felt that
When he did finally open his eyes, Tony was gazing at him, looking just as happy as Steve felt. And, when Steve looked down to see Tony's erection, he was surprised to see that it looked as if it had gone down. Did Tony actually...
When Tony started to swirl his tongue around it, as well as fondling Steve's balls, Steve knew that he didn't stand a chance at making it much longer. There had been so much leading up to this moment that Steve had been close to coming before Tony had truly even touched him.
As of late, almost every single nightmare had focused on Tony. Steve knew that there were a multitude of reasons that this could be for; Steve's relationship with Tony was unlike any other one that he had. There was no one else who Steve could simultaneously both constantly be pissed off about and yet feel such a strong sense of fondness.
"You're the one who I see die the most, and I always feel a different type of pain when it's you. It's like some form of animal is ripping my body and heart to shreds, and I feel that I deserve to go through that pain because I let
While Steve kept up the motion, Tony was leaning up to Steve, pressing open-mouthed kisses along Steve's jawline and neck, moving as low as he possibly could from his position. Even though Steve still wanted more, wanted bare skin-on-skin, he probably could have died happily just from how he was feeling at that moment.
"Well, if it makes you feel any better, I don't think I'm in love with you." Steve felt his world come crashing down around him. He'd been wrong, and now Tony was going to think he was some disgusting person who had lusted after Tony for years.
“Trust me, I want every part of you, Tony. I mean that in every sense. I’ve wanted this for so long, that at this point, there is no way I could go back. I’m yours, fully and completely.”
"Hips up, love." Steve had been so high on the pleasure that he hadn't even realized that Tony had been starting to pull his boxers down. As Tony pulled them to the ground, the look he gave Steve's cock could be described as nothing less than pure starvation, as if he had been waiting a lifetime for what was finally right in front of him.
Steve opened his eyes again, and looked at Tony. There was a weird look in his eyes, like he was processing multiple emotions at once.
Steve shook his head slightly, knowing that there was no way that Tony would ever want that with Steve. Despite all of the comments about Steve's ass, among other things, Steve knew that he was like this with everyone.
"Considering not that long ago I said I was in love with you, I think you can guess how I feel about that."
"Oh. That's true." Steve smiled into Tony's neck, realizing just how much Tony's words were implicating. There could really be a chance at a future for them - a future where Steve wouldn't simply be pining over Tony, wishing that he could be in arms reach. He could actually be in Steve's arms, not just a part of Steve's fantasies.
Tony took his thumb, and smeared the precum on the head all around Steve's length. Steve's head fell back in ecstasy at the touch, fully overwhelmed by having Tony actually touching him.
fucking stop.” Steve was grinding his body on top of Tony's, consistently thrusting so that their covered lengths would touch.
ok, how was that?? please leave comments letting me know how i did, considering I've never smut before and i'm hoping it's not horrible. also, if you enjoyed this story, *please* leave kudos and/or comments! letting writers know if you've enjoyed their work makes us writers so happy :)
"Tony, you're almost always on my mind. You can be such an ass sometimes and you piss me off like no one else, but god, you're breathtaking. Whenever you smirk or even just slightly smile at me, I think about things with you that I know I shouldn't. Your hair is normally a mess, you've sometimes got slightly oil and grease stain on your clothes, you either wear those stupidly cute band shirts or tightly tailored suits that have a tendency to also make me tight in other areas as well. And your voice is something else, too. Not to mention how you can be an arrogant prick sometimes, yet always be willing to literally die for anyone and everyone in a second. I think I'm in love with you, which would then I guess explain why you're always on my mind."
As Tony smirked at Steve's words, Steve wrapped his arm around Tony's chest, feeling comforted by the warmth that he brought. Despite the layer of stickiness that covered them both, neither felt like moving out the embrace that felt like it had been coming for years.
"Did Captain America just curse? I'm beyond shocked that such language could ever come out of the lips of America's golden boy!"
"Would it be ok if I kissed you? Considering you don't seem to mind my thumb on your lip, or my other hand, which is behind your neck, I don't think you'd mind. But ya know, consent is always important."
"Love you, Capsicle." Steve felt like he should have been shocked by the words that had been so nonchalantly murmured by Tony, but instead, they seemed normal. In what world was Tony openly saying he loved someone the norm?
Steve fell back on the bed, his bones melting to nothing. He was aware of Tony pulling him up the bed, and was fully aware that he was the stronger one of the two who should be moving them, but was still too blissed out to leave his current state of mind.
part of you, didn't it. My God, Steve." Steve's cock was slightly longer than the average person, but it was beyond thick. With every moment that Tony stared at it, it seemed to get larger and larger, to where Tony realized just how lucky he was not to have a gag reflex.
"Are you feeling ok? You don't look too decent. It's not that you don't still look like a god, you do, just a very tired and slightly mentally beaten up one." Looking back at Tony, Steve picked up on the concerned look that Tony was giving him.
- wait, stop." Steve pulled back suddenly, afraid that he had somehow hurt Tony. Looking into Tony's eyes, he didn't see hurt - just concern, mixed with something that looked awfully close to love.
Instead of saying anything, Tony just tugged on Steve's arm, and sat them down on the nearest couch. Once they sat, Tony's hand didn't leave Steve, instead caressing soft circles onto Steve's leg, which was bouncing up and down out of sheer nervousness and fright.
"Yeah, with those lyrics, I'm sure you definitely wouldn't mind company." Steve realized what had just come out of his mouth only moments after he had said it - moments too late.
"I've been having really bad nightmares for months, Tony. Ones of everyone dying, and that I'm always responsible for their deaths. I'm supposed to be the leader and protect them, but I can't, and I watch them die brutal and horrible deaths. Shit, Tony, they scare me so much, because they're such a real possibility."
"Jarvis, can you turn down the music?" At the sound of another voice, Tony turned around, clearly not expecting another visitor at this time.
Steve eventually needed air, and started to kiss down the side of Tony's jaw, to his neck, leaving feather-light kisses wherever he went. Tony moaned, and that made Steve feel some sort of way. He was capable of making Tony feel like that, feel so good that he had to fucking
"As much as I love this, if you don't stop right now, I don't think I'm going to be able to stop myself at all. In terms of full out sex. In case that wasn't clear. Because I honestly don't know if you're a virgin or not and if you even fully want to do 'it' with me, or just keep kissing."
The moment that Tony licked a stripe on Steve's cock through his underwear, Steve let out a sound that he'd previously been unaware he could make. In any other situation, he would have been extremely embarrassed to have moaned like that, but with what Tony was doing, Steve couldn't bring himself to care.
Steve wandered the hallways aimlessly, wondering if he should just go to the kitchen and find something to eat. However, as he walked further down the hallway, he noticed the faint sound of music consistently becoming louder and louder, until before Steve even reached the room that it was coming from, he knew just who was responsible.
"I'd like you to stay the night, if you're okay with that. I think I'd have to move a few inches to let go of your arm, and I don't really have the energy to even do that."
"Seriously Steve, what's wrong? You can tell me. I know that I'm not always the most approachable person, but I'm here."
Tony grabbed Steve's shirt, slowly moving it up to reveal the expanse of Steve's muscles. As Tony's one hand finished pulling it off of his head and shoulders, his other gently caressed every part of skin that was available to him. Gone was the frenzied fumbling of before, replaced with a lust much more rooted in pure desire and sensuality.
That's exactly what Tony did. He slanted his lips over Steve, and even though technically this meant that Steve should have felt out of breath, he felt like the opposite. Tony was fresh air, consuming Steve, rejuvenating him. Tony's tongue slid inside Steve's mouth, and Steve slightly groaned. They stayed like that for a minute or two, just kissing each other both passionately and gently, getting to know the other's mouth.
Tony moved his head close enough to Steve until their foreheads were touching, kept on moving his thumb on Steve's lip back and forth. Steve gulped.
"Not another one," he quietly groaned, realizing that he was covered in a sheen of sweat, and his hands were trembling.
For the first night in a very long time, Steve's sleep was not consumed by nightmares; instead, it was one filled with dreams. Holding Tony in his arms was the greatest of any dream that he could ever have had, after all, so it would make sense for simply even that to be enough to release him of his nightmares.
Walking over to the large leather chairs in the corner of the room nearest to Tony, Steve sank into one. His eyes started to close, but then he opened them again, afraid of slipping into sleep. He didn't want to suffer from another nightmare, and much less wake up in a room that said nightmare would most likely be about.
Steve watched as the light fade in Tony's eyes before hugging his body tighter. He kept screaming and screaming before calming down. The real Tony bit his lips, tears threatening from his face. Suddenly his heart dropped as he was sucked back into the room that he started from.
Steve eyes widened at Tony's response and immediately felt guilty about the way he was making the poor man in front of him feel. Tony pushed past Steve with a glass of whiskey and entered the elevator. Steve and Tony shared a brief moment where they looked at each other in the eyes before the door closed, breaking the tension. Steve sighed, looking around to find a place to sit. He plopped down on a nearby couch, instantly placing his head in his hands. For some reason, his brain started to reminisced the time when he first met Tony.
Tony thought that 30 minutes was enough to test out this new machine. Its purpose was to tell the future of whoever was using it. Every 5 minutes, it showed 10 years of that person's life and to be honest, Tony was nervous. He didn't really know if he wanted to know about his life. But still, he needed to try it out.
"He never listened. Never let me had the chance to even explain myself. Now here we are, how many years later? I still don't get the chance to explain myself. Everyone always think I do everything impulsively. Maybe they're right. But there's always a good reason to it."
"O-oh...Uhm...Ahh...No-one! No-one," Tony stuttered. He quietly cursed himself for not being able to hide the flowers well.
It's been a whole year and so many things had happened. Bucky was with Natasha and Tony was back to his cheeky, sarcastic self. Steve move back with the Avengers and eventually they've all forgave each other. Some days though... the guilt consumes Steve even though he knows they're all best friends now.
"Shit. Sorry Bruce. I think this whole situation gotten to us..." I felt so bad. Bruce wasn't the one who turned his back on us. Steve did.
All of a sudden, Steve heard quiet sniffles. He lifted his head to see Tony biting his knuckles and rubbing his eyes. His head were turned away from Steve's.
I clenched my teeth and bit my lip. I was having trouble screwing one of the parts into the suit. My hands were trembling and I felt my body shake from hatred and sadness.
Steve smiled and after a while he agreed. From there on, Tony took Steve's phone and made an account.
"2 months." Natasha said. I was surprised, I didn't realised I was out for that long. I felt a pang of sadness to know that Steve wasn't here. Maybe he really didn't care...
Sighing, I watched Bucky's unconscious body while I waited for him to wake up.  I thought back to one of the last conversations I had with Tony.
Both Tony and Steve were trying to hold onto hope that one of them would start a serious conversation. They both miss each other and only wanted to shower each other with love. They must come back to each other before they permanently lose it.
"Why do you think there's something's wrong with me? There's nothing wrong!" Tony raised his voice slightly. Steve, blessed with patient soul, nuzzled his face down in the crook of Tony's neck. He felt as Tony shook his head slightly.
Tony relaxed a bit but was still tense from the uncomfortable closeness between him and the captain. Steve lifted Tony's arm and slid his arm underneath his armpit. He rubbed circles on Tony's chest. Feeling the increased warmth, Tony's eyes were heavy and closed from the comfortable circles that was being created on his chest.
Tony pulled away, smiling gently upon the captain. Though no words were exchanged, both men knew the love that was being radiated.
He placed on his aviators once he stepped out of the airport. While waiting for a taxi, he saw a small flower stand selling fresh roses. Smiling to himself, he bought a bouquet of roses and hugged it tight to his chest as he climbed into the back of the taxi.
"Just making myself a cup of coffee," Tony said simply. He continued to stirred, not wanting to look at Steve's face. He knew that Steve would've catch onto the fact that Tony had suffered a panic attack in his sleep and would feel bad about it. Of course, Tony didn't want to ruin Steve's moment with Bucky.
This was it. This was the moment that Tony had been waiting for. He bit his bottom lip in anxiety as he watched the plane descend onto the runway, alongside a couple thousands of other families who were also waiting for their sons, brothers, and husbands to return from the war.
Tony leaned against the bar, swirling the glass of whiskey in his hand. He cautiously took a sip while eyeing the man with a metal arm who was currently bear-hugging the love of his life.
Tony felt his heart tightened at his future and bit his lips. He was now uncertain about Steve Rogers but he continue to watch. The other Tony gasped and ran off, leaving Steve softening his tense body as he realised that he had just said. Steve ran after Tony and as the elevator door closed, Tony was sucked back into the matrix.
Tony swivelled around in his chair and took off his glasses. He studied the Captain and worried started to bubble in his throat.
Tony turned around, slightly more awkward now. He looked up at Captain as he rested his chin on his chest.
"What the fuck Tony!" I heard someone shout. I whipped towards the noise and saw Nat crossing her arms as she glared at me.
Tony then got swept off his feet again, falling through a matrix. It didn't feel like he was stuck forever as he has soon landed to his next 'destination.' This time, he looked around, amazed. He was standing outside a tower, looking up at a massive 'A' that was overlooking New York City. Tony decided to step inside, whistling at the developments. He decided to take the elevator, glancing at watch again before stepping out into what he thought was the living room. However he frowned at the sight.
"And I know I'm dead because I decided I was going to sacrifice myself to save the world. If everything goes according to plan, I would be the one with the gauntlet and I would kill myself to save you. I didn't say this to you because I knew the team would go against this and I couldn't have that. Steve, I'm sending this message to you because...well we had a lot of problems in the past but you are also the most respected person in my eyes. I said I hated when Howard would always gloat about you but it's the total opposite. I always dreamed of meeting you and when I finally did, I was so happy. I wished...I was a better friend, a better teammate which is why I hope through my actions of sacrificing myself, I would prove that. I once said you didn't deserve the shield. I lied. There is no-one, NO-ONE, I would want other than you to have that shield. You deserve it. You really do. And you know why? Because you're a good person Steve. Don't think for one second for whatever happened in Siberia was your fault. And finally... I really like you Steve, I really do. You are really the epitome of 'Captain America' and honestly...I just love you. I wished I had gathered the courage to say it. Peace out Captain, I forgive you, live a nice life but don't forget me."
"Doesn't that sound too...arrogant and cocky?" Steve asked, worried about what his 'followers' would say.
I watched as Steve turned around and walked out the large glass panel. Sighing, I felt my heart clenched and I knew that the next year is going to be hell for me.
She handed him the card and left the room to Steve. Steve waved his hand over the card in hope it would start. It does. He watched as an upside-down triangle form with a Tony Stark sitting in a chair. Steve felt his breath gets taken away as Tony came to life.
Steve gently coaxed Tony to turn around to face him. He looked down at Tony while Tony looked everywhere but at Steve.
"Please Tony! I love you...I know I hurt you in the last few weeks but I didn't realise it then. I know now though! Trust me, I never took off the ring with the intention to hurt you. I did it only because I didn't want to lose it. It's too important to be lost..."
You see, Tony and Steve have been married for two years now. Although with completely different personalities, people do say that opposite attracts.
"What do you mean 'done.' We're not 'done,'" Tony said, shaking his head. The woman scoffed and turned on her heels. She quickly exited the door while Tony followed closely by until he grabbed her arm.
Tony relaxed and felt his neck become increasingly wet. He slowly return the hug by starting off with patting Steve's back which soon turned into a slow rub.
Tony felt two strong arms wrapped over his shoulders and over his chest. Steve's head was leaning next to his, smiling fondly at the ground.
Tony felt a moment of shock from the question. He didn't want Steve to think that! He slowly brought around the bouquet in front of him with shaking hands and looked down at them. He studied the intricate details of the roses instead of facing Steve.
Steve pulled back and looked down at Tony's face. Tony, completely captured by the slight tilt and smile gestured by the captain, felt his anger dissolve. He rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly, trying to rack something to say.
I felt a hot light shining upon me and slowly, I blinked my eyes open. Still groggy, I could hear faint noises in the background but they're all mixed up together. I huffed and groaned, hoping to catch their attention. All of a sudden, I felt a heavy weight on my body. I started to panic.
"Is it because of me?" Steve questioned innocently. This made Tony's eyes shot up, blown-up at the sudden question. He didn't know whether to tell the truth or not.
The real Tony Stark got hit with a realisation. He was like a ghost, watching what was going to unfold. He looked at his watch. 3 minutes to go before 10 years past.
"One?! Tony, this is not the first time!" Steve shouted, throwing his arms in the air. Tony scowled and turned his head sideways while crossing his arm. He stayed quiet, weight leaning on one foot as he looked at the ground. After a minute, he looked up and stared into Steve's eyes.
And with that, Natasha pushed the ring into Steve's chest and it fell into his shaking hands. He quickly slipped it back onto his finger and ran his fingers through his hair. He sat himself down into the couch and thrust his face into his hands in frustration.
"WE'VE FOUND BUCKY!" I heard Steve said excitedly. Tears were pooling within his eyes and as much as I wanted to be happy for him, I couldn't. My heart dropped to the floor and I just stared at him.
"I've been here for the past 2 months. I flew in here the day I heard that you went to hospital." I said bravely. I wanted Tony to know I was there for him the whole time.
"I guess this is how I died huh..." the real Tony thought to himself. He watched as Tony breathed heavily before saying something.
Tony licked his lips as he stared down at the remote in his hands. He then glanced up, admiring the machine that he had spent months working on.
I walked down towards the gym that I made for Steve and stopped outside the door. I smiled but then my smile dropped as I heard a muffled cry instead of bags being punched.
"Woah, woah, woah Natasha! I'm just trying to help! He's incredibly malnourished. He needs sleep and he needs therapy!" Bruce cried while holding his hands up, surrendering.
"Okay okay,"  Tony said, pecking a kiss on Steve lips. After 20 minutes, they finally agreed on a name.
A few weeks has passed and Steve was happier than ever. Tony, on the other hand, have been busy down at his lab, tinkering away his insecurities and jealousy. There has been a couple times when Steve have tried to talk to Tony and Tony have tried to talk to Steve. However, each time they were both busy in the process of doing something so they didn't have the chance to actually talk. Steve have unintentionally moved into Bucky's room which one night, Tony had found them sleeping on the bed together after another episode of panic attack that awoken him. He felt something inside of him break and vowed that he didn't need Steve.
"Don't worry about it," Tony said, cutting her off. He mentioned he wanted to sleep and gave her the same tight smile that he gave to Bucky. Natasha knew he wasn't okay but decided it was best to leave him be. She bid her 'goodnight' and left Tony to the empty room. Tony slipped himself underneath the cool covers and fell into a dreamless sleep.
"What are you wearing?!" Steve laughed out loud as Tony walked through into their bedroom. He watched as Tony swirled around and posed, placing one of his hands on his hips and dark sunglasses sitting at the tip of his nose.
All of a sudden, a DM came through from a fan. He was conflicted whether to look at it or not because Tony said some fans were crazy. Taking his chances he decided to read it.
The clanging of the spoon against the mug was deafening in the silent room. The smell of coffee touched Tony's nose and it instantly relaxed his body. All of a sudden, he felt two warm pair of arms wrapped around his waist and a familiar scent radiating next to his face.
Pepper stood up and walked out of the room, leaving the distraught Steve Rogers. She returned back with a little card
I gave a loud laugh because I don't know. I felt happy? It felt good to hear cheeky remarks from my fellow mates. Except...someone was missing...Steve....
Steve beamed as he caressed Tony's back. He never felt so loved and appreciated and hoped he could continue being the role model that Tony thought he was.
"You're wrong," Tony whispered in his ear, "You've always been the hero that I love. No matter how much we fight, you're still my favourite after all this time. I'm sorry that I compared you to my dad."
"I was going to give this to you after the reception but I want to give it to you now. Tony made and left this for you. I have never watched it because it's not for me. I hope this gives you closure."
Steve choked on his words. Divorce? He can't seriously mean that. Tears welled up in his eyes and were threatening to fall. Tony turned his back towards the kitchen as if he didn't care that he was standing there.
Steve laughed out loud before standing up and reaching his arm out. Tony looked at his hand before grabbing it to pull himself up. Neither one of them let go and they both stood there, with Steve looking at Tony while Tony looked at the two hands clasped together.
Steve leant forward, wrapping his arms around Tony's  neck just like when Tony hugged him when they first met. Tony stiffened, arms stuck out, not knowing what to do.
Steve nodded and ran off to quickly book a flight ticket and to fill his leather duffel bag with necessities. Within an hour, he was checked-in and due to board any minute now. As he sat down in his seat, he rolled his ring around his finger and then slid it off to look at the inscription that he had seen for the millionth time.
"Yes I am champ," Steve said, looking up into Tony's eyes. His eyes lit into happiness as young Tony fell on top of Steve, arms thrown around his neck.
"What do I do Buck?" Steve desperately asked as he received his hot chocolate. Bucky sat down and sighed.
We heard a light knock and I was too busy looking down, letting sadness consume me. I assumed it was the doctor but then I heard a calming, soothing,
Back in the lab, Tony opened up instagram to see what Steve had been doing. His first post popped up and Tony almost died of laughing. It was a slightly blurry photo of Steve smiling adorably at the camera while laying in his bed.
Silently, Tony uncrossed his legs and leaned forward. He cautiously pulled the Captain's head in, tightly coiling his arms around his neck.
So the very next day, Tony went out to buy some teddy bears. He placed one outside of Steve's bedroom the same night and went to bed, hoping it had worked.
"W-well...there was a nearby building...a-and it was about to fall on top of a crowd so I just...helped them" Tony said awkwardly. He looked out in the corner of his eyes, not wanting to look into Steve's soft blue eyes.
Bruce nodded in forgiveness. We both rushed upstairs, calling the rest of the Avengers and the ambulance. Within a couple of minutes, Tony was on his way to the hospital.
Tony stood in silence, still facing away from Steve. Tony death-gripped the edge of the marble counter until he spoke up again.
Tony felt a weird feeling develop in his stomach. Instead of being pulled forward, he now felt like he was falling. Suddenly, he landed on his feet. Breathing heavily, he looked around and saw himself turning around to look at him. He waved but the other Tony didn't respond. All of a sudden, an elevator dinged and out stepped Fury and a tall blonde man standing next to him.
Steve huffed and thought optimistically. Maybe if he shares his body heat with Tony then Tony would get better and then he wouldn't need to face the problem of replacing anyone.
Carefully, Steve walked in front of Tony and bent down, looking up into his eyes that bared a lot of pain.
"No Steve! Why did you take off the ring? Do you not love Tony anymore? He's been so broken in the last few weeks!"
Steve turned around as fast as lightning and saw Natasha holding his wedding band in between her fingers.
I smiled at myself in the mirror and put on a clean white dress-shirt and some trousers. Today's the day. I'm going to get my date.
I knew that the guilt was consuming him but I didn't want him to be like this. I went behind him and wrapped myself on top of him. I made him let go of the punching bag and he was touching my arms.
"Thanks Tones! I've been looking forward to this day ever since I've found out he could be alive. What did you want to say?" Steve said, tilting his head slightly. Fuck. He's so cute!
Tony slowly glanced up at him through his eyelashes. He felt his heart beat fast from the fact that it was only him and Steve standing in a quiet room. He watched as Steve leaned down to kiss him but for a second, Tony panicked and pushed passed Steve, leaving him in shock. Steve watched as Tony scurried off with his coffee and entered into the elevator. He contemplated in following Tony back to his room but decided against it. He sighed and brushed his hair back with his hand, walking himself back to Bucky's room.
As much as Tony hated taking orders or doing things in an organized fashion, he learned that during his panic attacks, having his breathing to focus on helped. After about ten minutes of breathing with Bruce, he placed his head in his hands as he finally started to calm down.
The next year when Peter graduated, all of them stood and cheered for their favorite official or non-official son. Of course, it was technically against the rules, but who’s going to debate the Avengers?
"Bucky!" a voice groaned from inside a blonde shuffled to the door, leaning against the doorframe. "Oh. Hi, Spider-boy."
"I'll get it!" Steve said, rushing to the door and swinging it open. On the other side of the door stood a short boy, no older than fourteen.
"Petra? Who the hell is Petra- do you mean Pietro? Why would I date Pietro, he and his sister tried to kill me in Sokovia!"
Peter sat on the bed, still not quite strong enough to walk by himself. Tony still refuses to talk to him about Spider-Man, even though his Spidey Suit remained on the bedside table. He hasn’t tried to touch it since the day he woke up. If he closed his eyes and listened carefully, he could hear his dad and another man talking. He could maybe hear a third pair of footsteps, but only if he listens extremely, extremely closely. Of course, the poison also messed up his super hearing. He thinks it may fully heal, but he’s never been poisoned to this extent before. Or ever, really.
He grabbed some sticky notes and a sharpie from the bad side table, handing them both to Peter. In extremely shaky hand writing due to the non dominant hand, he wrote, 'Pops.'
Nat was about to ask more about him, but Clint's Dad Mode kicked in when he sensed the teen's awkwardness.
"You talking, c-cars, a-and Mr. Wilson snoring." Clint chuckled, making Peter have a lopsided smile through his tears.
"Yay! Thank you, Coopston!" Peter hugged him, causing his blush to deepen. MJ mimed making out and Cooper discreetly flipped him off.
Jesus Christ, it was Bucky. Bucky was nice. Bucky was pretty. His hair looked soft but also greasy. He looked like a mess in front of Bucky. Dammit.
"I want you out of my house before you corrupt my kids like Clint corrupted you." Laura growled, picking up Nathaniel and carrying him out of the room. As soon as she left, Cooper broke down and Lila slipped out.
Tony was desperately trying to get Peter to crack a smile. He's been through to much for being just a kid, not to mention how short of a time it happened. Peter smiled softly. "Are you sure they'd be fine with that?"
After a few hours of celebrating among the four of the small family, Nathan excluded because of Laura, the group finally made it home to a frazzled Steve.
"Th-There was a thing on the TV a-and it was on a rumor show b-b-ut it was true a-and-" Peter took a deep breath in. "I-I'm tr-trans."
"And I know you don't like yelling- oh, shit, did you have an anxiety attack? I know you were already anxious-"
"Peter!" Tony waved at the young boy, noticing his eyes lighting up, even from across the street. He ran across the street, making Tony have a mini heart attack since he didn't even look both ways, but he was bumped out of that headspace when his kid headbutted him in the chest as he hugged him. Tony smiled and hugged him back. "Hey, kiddo."
Steve feels almost guilty when he believes it was Clint's fault. But maybe, just maybe, if Clint sounded the alarm earlier, Peter would be in Tony's arms again.
And with that, the glass darkened and the door was basically bolted shut. He knew yelling wouldn't help, though he desperately wanted to scream for Tony to give him half an ear to why he did what he did.
Peter shuffled back to his room, ruffling his hair with the towel. He bumped open the room. He nudged Tony which made the older man scream. Tony clutched his chest, scared that he might have a heart attack despite the arc reactor planted firmly in his chest.
"Peter. This is my decision. And that's that. Now, you shouldn't yell at your father or anyone older than you. That's plain disrespectful. Now say that you're sorry."
He jogged up the stairs just in time to grab Peter as he left the elevator. Peter's hood was covering his face but by the sniffling, Tony knew he was crying.
Peter froze, shutting and squeezing his eyes closed slowly. "Please tell me I have my binder on at least."
Peter buried his face into his knees, choking out breaths between sobs. Ned went to comfort him, but MJ grabbed Ned's shoulder and whispered, "Give him a little time."
Peter hung up, throwing his phone back onto his bed before jogging to the living room to see all the Avengers, minus Rhodey, who was back on duty. And this made Peter even more nervous since Sam just looked super pissed off, Bucky sitting next to him. Clint claimed a seat between Bucky and Natasha, shooting Peter a double thumbs up and a stupid smile. Tony just looked really worried, anxiously gnawed on his thumb nail. Peter shot him a smile and Tony forced one back.
"Oh, he is! The scariest thing I've ever seen was him playing Jenga with Dad, Dr. Banner, and Mr. Thor. I was almost killed-"
As the car crawled toward the court house, his leg started shaking more and more. Cooper rested his hand on Clint's shoulder and Bucky's hand ended up interlaced with his own.
Steve presses a kiss to Tony's temple before going to change. Tony took a deep breath in and out. It will be fine. He will be fine.
Steve decided thinking was dumb and he didn't like it. Thinking kept getting him into sticky situations and supplied his with idiotic plans. Like flirting with a girl to get Tony jealous instead of just talking to Tony like a competent human would. Thinking also made Steve, in all honesty, despise himself in every single way. The worst fault in a human, Steve used to believe, was not having self confidence and finding yourself detestable. Now Steve has claimed that worst fault. Thinking made Steve wonder about if Tony was truly happy with Steve out of his life. Thinking made Steve want to fling himself out of a window.
"Oh, Petey. You thought you could out smart me," Mandy whispered, stroking his cheek softly. "If I can't have you, no one can."
"Dad?" he whispered softly, shuffling over to the desk Tony was hunched over. "I-I'm sorry about earlier. I was way out of line and-"
That day was just about three months ago. Since then, Tony has been sleeping in his lab (hell, he's even moved a couch in there) and has been refusing to even come close to their shared room.
In the last year, Peter has been included into many families, including his friends, the Starks, the Bartons, the Barnes, and even the royal family of Wakanda (don’t tell, but Peter thinks that one is the coolest).
Peter, sniffling and trying to hide his tears, shuffled off quickly to his room. Tony slowly sunk down to sit on the couch. He leaned his head back as he tried to slow his breathing. "Fri, send someone to check on Peter. Clint's probably the best option, Pete seems to like him."
Peter swallowed hard, scratching his arm. He scampered down the stairs before knocking on the glass door.
"How long has he been missin'? Do we know anthin'? Everyone knows, right?" Clint asked quickly, shifting from foot to foot.
Help. Help him. He started signing 'help' like he was supposed to. Clint quickly signed back 'what's wrong?'
Peter desperately did not want to go to school. He just wanted to sit at home and watch cheesy romance and bad comedy movies with his dad. Not at school where he gets mocked. His dad was hurting and Peter just wanted to help. Peter just needed a way to chill out, so he sent Tony a message saying he had to work on a project and suited up.
Most recently, Bucky Barnes has taken the teen under his wing, trying to teach the younger boy how to get used to a prosthetic designed by the one and only Shuri. No matter how many times the two have denied it, Peter and Bucky have caught Clint and Cooper watching their joint physical therapy many of times.
Peter sat down, setting his bag in front of him. After about five minutes, the prettiest boy Peter Parker has seen in his sixteen years of life.
Clint fucked up. Clint really fucked up. Tony is going to murder him. "I-I went to check up on him 'round midnight last night."
Cooper let out a soft sob. "You wanna know something? My lil' brother, Nate, he was- he was fuckin' one! One year old! And that asshole just- just fucking left!"
They climbed the stairs together. Tony tucked him into bed and watched over him until he was fast asleep. Tony was so worried about him having another nightmare, he fell asleep in the little wooden chair in the corner of Peter's room.
In Peter's room, Tony was giving him a lecture. Peter knew he was right. Steve was, and although Peter didn't like swearing, was an asshole. Peter was a little sad, though, Tony looked really mad at him.
Tony flew into the tower in a flurry. His hair was a mess, shirt half unbuttoned and tie barely hanging on. He was on the edge of sobbing again and freaking out. He was yelling orders about calling the police, filing missing persons reports, getting the best people on this case no matter what the hell they were currently working on. Steve even had to grab him and keep his from climbing into his suit and going to find Peter himself.
Tony was, and is, a curious mind. Therefore, when he found a few things Steve left behind, he had the compulsive urge to look through them. These belonging included an old sketch book and the  Stark Industries laptop Tony gifted him after the attack on New York. He opened the old, clunky frame, thinking about all the redesigns he could do and what he should've done better.
Clint fell the the ground, face first, groaning in defeat. MJ and Ned were in absolute hysterics while Peter just patted his back.
"Wait! Cooper, wait up!" They turned to see Lila running down the hall after them, a backpack slung over her shoulder. "I'm coming with."
Cooper smiled and kissed his head. "Thank you for being with me when I break the news to mom that I'm a scary homosexual."
"What?!" Clint turned to see his kart's ground wheels centimeters from the line, him officially in twelfth. "No!"
Something touched Tony. Whether it was seeing Clint cry for the first time ever or the fact he was imagining Peter in these situations, he was convinced. He was going to try to relate, but instead just said, "I'll find you the best child custody lawyer money can buy. We'll get your kids back, don't worry."
Even after all of Peter's friend, he was still dwelling on the fact that even years after he was denied of having custody of his kids, his own fucking flesh and blood, she's still ripping his children away from him. He felt tears stream down his face.
The teen was obviously nervous, fiddling with the straps of his backpack, his brown eyes flickering between Steve's eyes and his own red converse.
Ned knew of his powers ever since he caught him climbing on his ceiling with his homemade, shitty Spiderman outfit. MJ just thinks her two friends are, in her words, 'absolutely fucking insane weirdos' and weirdly never questioned anything. Peter's sometimes suspicious before he remembers, she just probably doesn't care.
As soon as Peter thought he heard the familiar voice of his dad, he brought out all of his energy to yell for him.
Cooper doesn't exactly remember how or when he got a crush on Peter, but... god, he's so fucked. His eyes, his smile, his excitement, he's just-
appeared on screen and Tony began pretending to swing around Thor's hammer, which made Ellen scream out "Thor!" This kept happening until Tony mimed not being able to pick up the weapon, making her guess immediately.
Tony sighed. "To apologize for being a shitty dad. I understand what it's like to grow up without that father figure, actual father figure in your life, and that's what I did to you. Once I came into your life, I forced myself into that role not even considering if you'd want me to be there. And then I yelled at you when I didn't even set an actual curfew! I was just-" Tony forced himself to take a breath, trying to keep his emotions down. "I was just really worried, okay, Peter?"
"I-" Tony swallowed again, looking completely away from him. "You- You didn't mean to cheat on me did you?"
"Let's see what the DNA test says first." Tony wasn't sure if this kid was his son, but if he was, Tony wouldn't be surprised. He was bound to have a kid with all the one night stands he's had as a young adult. He grinned softly at the kid.
Steve fell back on the bed, curling in on himself. "I give up. I messed up everything me and him could have had."
The train eventually shuddered to a stop, a group of people stumbling and shoving out, MJ and Peter included. MJ held tight onto the hood of Peter to make sure the smaller boy from falling over from all the harsh shoving. As little as she wants to admit it, MJ is definitely the parent of the group.
"That's not even the best part! After Nat shoved Tony off, he started doing a very badly reinterpretation of Single Ladies with an even worse a Capella version by him. It's still my favorite Tony story."
The concept was always hard for Peter to grasp onto. Growing up, he’s only known a lot of death and abandonment. His father didn’t know he existed, his mother left him and then died, and his aunt and uncle died.
Peter set his bag on the chair he was sitting in and decided to explore. He crept up the stairs and looked around the base. He smiled, imagining what it would be like to live as a superhero in their base. He could be his better half, Spider-Man, in front of all of his inspirations. He'd be all like 'Hey guys, what's up? It's me, Spider-Man' and they'd be like 'Hey Spider-Man! How was saving the world?' No talk about school or bullies or grades, just awesomeness. At least in Peter's eyes.
Tony's breath hitched in his throat. He's never heard anyone sound so god damn sincere. "Fine. Come down to my lab with me and we'll take a quick DNA test, alright?"
He ended up stopping a few tiny thefts and a kid who dropped his ice cream cone, which the mother repaid him by getting him ice cream. As he sat on a balcony in Brooklyn, he ate his honestly gigantic ice cream cone. The sliding glass door was shoved to the side harshly, making Peter yelp and drop his ice cream four stories.
Peter rushed over and hugged his dad, making him cry. "I'm sorry, Pete- This was supposed to be a good night and I fucked it all up-"
"I'm sorry, Dad, I'm so sorry- I-I can't help it, I'm not a girl! I'm sorry- If you want me to leave I'd understand, I'm so sorry, Dad."
Peter was so terrified of even more competitiveness, that he sat Twister out. Tony got out quickly and sat next to his son.
"Oh, no! Not at all! First of all, this guy right here is a giant softie." Peter grinned at his dad, who's face was flushed red.
Peter's eyelids were glued shut. Well, at least it felt like it. He felt a hand softly stroke his cheek. He slowly leaned his head into his touch. He slowly tried to pry his eyes open. Tony smiled softly.
"'Cause he didn't want to bother you and fuckin' Rogers! And I was the only one up and I saw that bullshit on TV so I had to help him."
Well, talking lead to flirting, flirting lead to dancing, dancing lead to touching, and touching lead to an unwanted kiss. Which lead to Tony storming out of the bar and multiple beer bottles thrown at his head, full or empty. He remembered Clint even taking out his hearing aids just so he didn't have to listen to the chains of swears pouring out of Tony's lips.
The emails just... pulled him in. His recent ones were almost all from his one other friend, Bucky Barnes, only with a few from an email address named
"Steve, one, I already made food, two, if you don't eat soon, you're going to feel like utter shit."
Peter sent one more glare at Steve before storming off again. Tony's shoulders collapsed inward. "I have to go deal with this, talk later?"
"I'm your son!" Peter suddenly shouted out, clutching the backpack straps tightly in his whitened knuckled.
Cooper's nightmares, Lila wanting to be with him again, the simple fact that he might see his little Nathaniel again, his fucking court case for his kids the next day... and that's not even mentioning where ever the hell Peter's been at night.
"Hey, it's okay!" Tony tried to smile, but the dryness of his throat crept up to his lips. "I-It's getting late, you should get to sleep soon, it's a school night."
"Y-Yeah." Well, this was mortifying. Telling one of your idols you're scared of something as stupid as yelling.
Peter shifted foot to foot, the idea of saying 'I think your mom is homophobic and this is a bad idea' left a sour taste in Peter's mouth. "Y-Yeah. I-I'm just worried."
"I was wrong, Tony," Steve persisted, walking up behind Tony. "I was so wrong. You're an amazing father. The way you act around that kid is so caring, it's never anything I've seen from you before. But it's amazing. And you guys are amazing."
"Hey, we'll be fine, Petey," Cooper smiled, holding Peter's face gently in his hand. "Now, how about we just go relax? Watch YouYube? Maybe some Netflix? Or Kitchen Nightmares on Hulu?"
where Peter did a backflip into a summersault before fake punching some bad guys, which somehow came across as Natasha. The audience cheered.
"What?! N-No! You and Mr. Hawkeye training is way more important than stupid ol' me! You could be called on a mission at anytime!" Peter stuttered out, clearly panicked, while unwrapping his hands quickly.
And he will do it. If Steve is two things, persistent and stubborn are them. Maybe he'll get to be in love again. Maybe he deserved a second chance.
"Uh bupbupbupbupbupbup. This is the part where you zip it, Peter," Tony said, standing over the teen. Peter cowered down. "You need to keep me updated, Peter! You know what? You're grounded for the week. No, month. Actually, until you leave for god damn college!"
"That's the point, it was a surprise." Tony smiled and ruffled his hair. "Get in the car and introduce me to your friends, alright?"
"Hey, mom? Can I tell you something?" Cooper asked, voice slightly wobbled. Peter squeezed his hand gently under the table.
"Steven Grant Rodgers..." he whispered, squatting down to see his boyfriend closer. His hair was longer and his beard was getting scruffy. Tony sat near his head. He ran his fingers gently through Steve's hair and sighed. "How can you be both a complete and utter asshole but such a damn sweetheart?"m
"Hey, Steve. I'm really happy you took up my offer." Tony grinned, charm radiating off of him as he gave Steve a hug. What the everloving heck is happening? "Hey, can we talk? Like, in private?"
Cooper flopped onto his bed, clicking his TV onto chomecast, casting Hulu onto the screen. Peter laid down on the bed and curled into his side, Cooper looping his arm around Peter. He laid his head on his boyfriend's chest, pulling his focus to Gordon Ramsey angry words.
"How you doin', princess?" Flash Thompson mocked, smirking like he was the smartest asshole in the world. Peter ignore him, still walking down the hall. "C'mon, Penis, don't ignore me!"
"Do you want me to leave, Tony? Cause I fucking will if it annoys you so much that I simply have to exists in your presence, your majesty!" Steve spat, stopping at the top of the staircase that lead to Tony's lab. Tony suddenly turned to Steve, fists balled and jaw clenched.
"I don't give a shit, Steve! Don't you dare talk to Peter since I know you'll find a way to hurt that poor kid."
It was almost scary how competitive the three teens and one manchild became. So far, they have played two rounds, four races each. MJ won the first, Clint narrowly won the second by a single point, and now they were on the last race of the last round. At the moment, Clint and MJ were tied for first, Peter in second, and Ned coming in at a nice fourth. In the current race, Clint had a pretty massive lead.
Meanwhile, Natasha knew something was up with Tony's kid. She couldn't place her finger on what exactly it was, but she knew it was something. The fact that she couldn't figure it out was driving her absolutely
Currently, he was curled up in his side at two am, both of them unable to sleep from nightmares. Clint had made them both hot chocolate, Peter barely keeping Clint from chugging a pot of coffee. Clint's hand was absentmindedly running his fingers through Peter's hair as they watched the rerun of the stupid gossip show on early that night. Both of the boys, though they were trying to keep their drooping eyelids open, were frankly falling asleep
"M-My last living relative died two weeks ago in that apartment fire in Queens," Peter whispered, staring at his hands. "Hell, I almost did too."
When he turned around from the window, what he absolutely wasn't expecting to do is to see the tiny kid from about three days ago. "M-Mr. America? Are you okay?"
, where Tony spent thirty seconds pointing at himself and his arc reactor. Ellen got it with one second to spare.
"I wanna see Dad too, Coop. And what Mom's doing... it's bullshit. You can love who ever the hell you want, Coop. And Peter's pretty great. Now, are we going or what?"
Clint squeezed him tighter, rocking him back and forth gently. He tried to breath deeper, but his lungs didn't want to work for some stupid reason. His fingers were white from how hard he was gripping Clint's shirt.
Him and Ned exchanged an overly dramatic handshake. Cooper went in for a hug, picking him up slightly. "Petercus!"
The girl growled angrily. She grabbed the back of his mask and forcefully unzipped it. As she yanked it from his face, she gasped.
Peter awkwardly walked onto the stage, waving at the audience. Tony flashed him a thumbs up. Peter walked over to the white couch and sat down, holding his hound out for Ellen. No, not just Ellen, but
Slowly, everyone congregated in the kitchen, and despite Bucky's efforts, ate the cookies. Tony even grabbed a few, claiming they were for Peter.
"Sorry the house is a mess, wasn't expecting company. This is my son, Charlie, and that's Mandy at the table. My other daughter is upstairs."
Tony furrowed his eyebrows in worry. Peter's identical eyes to Tony's were rimmed with red. His fingers tapped rapidly against his thigh like Tony's did. His hair fell in his face lazily in his face like Tony's did when he was too stressed or tired to fix it.
Steve's eyes started filling with tears. He turned, but continued to yell at Tony anyways. "I knew we were a bad idea. You're just too much of a conceited asshole to work with anyone!"
Steve was going to make Peter like him if it's the last thing he ever does. He hasn't been able to talk to Tony yet, and that conversation has been chipping away at the edges of his sanity. But, like a good captain, he has a plan.
He took a deep breath in. Everything is okay when he was in his stupid little outfit. He hopped off the building to look for trouble. But in a helpful way.
Tony shook his head, a habit he picked up when he was trying to clear his mind. He stood up straight and made his way out. He called Happy to make him drive Tony to Brooklyn.
"You sure? You can have anything you want, and you simply choose pepperoni? You do realize your dad's rich, right?"
Tony froze nervously. "I'm sorry, Peter. My own mom died when I was six." They sat in awkward silence for a good few minutes, Tony fiddling with two little pieces of metal. "I'm sorry, Peter, but what did you mean earlier when you said I'm all you had left?"
Tony smoothed out Peter's red button up. "I might not be able to let you out there, Pete. You'd be killin' all the ladies and fellas with your looks."
"That's why you have me, and Bruce, and Clint, and Nat, and the rest of the team to help you. We're all a family here, Tones. You know that."
Tony sat at his desk, sketching out ideas. His head was swimming in self loathing, guilt, and shitty memories. He kept going between new arrows for Clint and a new, healthier binder for Peter. One he could wear for longer without mangling his ribs. It's still not safe to sleep or work out in, mind you, but it's most likely an improvement. Suddenly, the glass of his lab became transparent again, making Tony jump. Steve stormed in and set a plate in front of him.
"Hey, bird bitch. I bet I could beat you in Mario Kart," MJ bragged, purposely insulting him to test his coolness even though Peter was giving him that 'MJ what the heck are you doing?' look.
Tony and Steve followed her into the kitchen where another teen girl was sitting at the table. Steve noticed her eyes widen at the sight of them.
"You're doing good, Peter," he heard another voice whisper. Peter opened his eyes to see Bruce Banner. Bruce smiled softly at the boy.
Peter stayed quiet, just holding him and running his hands through his hair. After a minute of Cooper just sobbing into his shoulder, he finally lifted his head. "I'm sorry-" Cooper had a little hiccup-laugh. "I kiss a boy then break down crying, I'm doin' great, huh?"
The little boy gasped, his bright blue eyes widening. God, he kinda looked like a tiny Peter with Steve's eyes.
Those two minutes he spent waiting for him were the longest minutes of his life. Eventually, finally, Peter shuffled into the lab. "Dad?"
Cooper had Peter's hand in his tight grip. Peter whimpered slightly, snapping Cooper out of his anger filled daze.
"Can we just drop it! It doesn't matter, I'm never gonna meet him anyways!" Peter snapped, standing up to leave.
"A douchebag that left you at birth and is for some god forsaken reason taking care of you, which there is no doubt-"
Oh no. He used his full name. He opened the door to see his very angry dad. And Captain Annoying himself sitting right behind him.
Tony chuckled as he drove home, sometime peeking back at the three teens in the back, Peter wildly chatting and the other two just listening. Tony quickly pulled into the tower's parking garage and parked.
Tony's lips pressed into a thin line with worry. "It's okay, Peter. Just- try not to scare me again, alright?"
They were called into the station to give the police all the information they know. Tony was hunched in on himself, like the photos he's seen of his boyfriend from when he first came back from Afghanistan.
"Put down my daughter, you queer," Laura hissed. When Lila was set on the ground, the woman tugged her back towards herself. "I don't need my daughter to be a dyke."
"Step aside, old man. Mrs. Ellen and I will show you how it's done!" Peter and Ellen shared a high five.
"But I'm not, Cooper!" Clint snapped. "That's why your mom hates me! It's because I'm bisexual! Your mom's a homophobic bitch!"
Peter crept down the street, now in his civilian clothes. He brushed a hand through his hair as he slipped into the lobby. He sprinted into the elevator and rapidly started pressing the penthouse button.
"Listen closely, Stark. No matter how long you're here, or anyone for that fact, as long as you're here, it'll never be a home." Steve stormed into the room and pulled out a ratty backpack.
"Steve, please tell me you're not sleeping on the floor again," Natasha Romanova whispered from the stairs. Steve rolled over on his side. "C'mon, Steve. You're gonna mess up your back."
Tasha sighed, deciding to give up for the night. She scampered up the stairs as Steve fell asleep once more.
"Maybe if you spent five minutes without your head shoved up your ass, you'd realize you're not exactly perfect either!"
"Better than being dead," Peter rasped, shrugging gently, before basically being tackled to the bed by Ned.
Reminder: never get Tony Stark on your bad side, Peter thought. Peter accidentally bumped shoulders with the captain on the way out, but Steve's eyes were fixated on the floor, rimmed with light red and tears sprinkled in. Peter walked into the kitchen while Steve stormed up the stairs.
"It's the thing I am, Thor," Bruce whispered. Peter perked up at this. The Bruce Banner was a freaking trans guy?
"Hello, Stark and Clint!" a voice boomed, making Peter squeak. "Oh, there's a new midgardian! Now, where's Bruce?"
"Dumbass. Fuck wad. Idiot. Douche nozzle. Peter. Parker. Peter Benjamin Parker, talk to me." A hand connected with the back of his head.
Clint was so fucking angry. That bitch he called an ex wife and the lies she fed their kids. His kids.
"Can you explain what happened that night?" Tony grabbed his hand gently, making Steve's heart flutter again.
Peter couldn't help it. From the weeks of pent up emotion, he started to cry. He didn't even quite know why. He just started crying. Tony, meanwhile, had no clue what to do. Does he give him a hug? Kids like hugs, right? Tony pulled him into a hug, patting his head. Peter just cried harder. Why is he crying? God help Tony. He had no clue how to handle a kid!
"Pete?" Tony looked up at his worried son, trying to wipe away the still extremely obvious tear marks. "Whatcha need, kiddo?"
"Fuck," Peter wheezed, throwing himself out of bed. Using the wall to support himself, he stumbled to the bathroom (not before seeing Clint naked and sleeping by accident, which will now be forever burned into his brain). He tugged off his shirt to see his binder pressing into his rib cage. "Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck!"
Everyone chose a tiny car, or one of the extra ones Tony made since there's only six and game nights can include up to thirteen people, and got set up. Everyone but Clint went to college ("College is for pussies!" "Language!")
Peter started hyperventilating, trying to get a better grip on Clint. He was sobbing into his chest, and he felt like he was going to throw up. "E-Everyone will h-h-ha-hate me!"
Peter shuffled up to Tony and Clint took his place. Peter felt as if he was going to hyperventilate, His childhood heroes were all sitting in front of him like normal people! Was he supposed to introduce himself? Were his eyes bugging out of his head? Is that why Natasha is sending him a sympathetic look?
A frantic woman rounded the corner, wiping her hands on the apron tied around her waist. "Ye- oh my goodness you're the Avengers."
"Then why aren't you up there, confirming you still fucking love him? Do you know how absolutely terrified he was to come out to you guys? He's had three panic attacks in the past twelve hours."
Of course, when he found out his dad is Tony Stark, he was paranoid. He didn't think it would ever work. Peter's the son of billionaire playboy genius Tony Stark and has an intellect and wit to rival his father's and beauty that could outshine the sun and Cooper is... Cooper. A guy with bad grades with a dad he hasn't seen in four years who isn't out to anyone except the three people on the couch with at most,
Clint held onto Peter, helping him keep his balance. Peter half-stumbled-half-was-dragged to the balcony. Once the cold Manhattan air hit Peter's face, Peter collapsed against the railing, one hand still gripping onto Clint's wrist.
easy. He just put his hands on his hips and yelled, "PATRIOTISM!" and Ellen immediately responded, "Captain America!"
Clint hasn't been this happy since he had his kids ripped from him. He hugged his, well, technically small doesn't describe his 6'1" son, but no matter what, he'll still be a ten year old child in his eyes. Lila was curled into his other side, nuzzling into his ribs, which was honestly very uncomfortable, but Clint couldn't ask anything more.
Bruce sighed. "No you're not. We're all here to help you, okay? You won't mess him up, he's a good kid and even he'll help you if he needs to. Plus, here's a secret I've come to learn. No one's ready to have a kid. I would go say talk to Clint, but he-"
"I'm not. I'm just right about this." Steve kissed his head gently. "You're lucky I didn't let Clint come down here to have a word with you. He was doing target practice with your eyes."
When he heard Peter was kidnapped he expected a warehouse in the middle of nowhere, not a suburb in a town outside of Queens.
Tony walked in to see Steve doodling, which slapped a smile of the billionaire's face. He loves Steve's drawings.
Peter didn't trust his voice not to crack in fifty different ways, so he just nodded, his smile wide. Wow, he's gay. He's so gay.
"It's one of my worst memories of these idiots. And that's saying a lot," Nat joked, starting to plate the grilled cheeses.
Peter woke up the next morning to extreme pain and trouble breathing. He wheezed, trying to figure out what happened. He turned his head to see Tony curled up in a chair. He coughed hard as anxiety swelled on his chest.
Clint led his two kids into the kitchen where Bucky and Steve were cooking pancakes. Bucky looked over his shoulder and smiled. "Morning, you three."
"Not pertinent to the story, Natasha." The blonde threw a playful glare at the redhead. "Anyways, so, Tony got super drunk, like drunker than I've ever seen anyone. He was giggling, and Thor accidentally turned on Beyoncé, and Tony thought it would be a great ideo to give a lapdance to Nat."
"Your Honor, the divorce between Laura and Clint Barton was sometime in 2014, a few months after Sokovia, right? Well, I did some digging and found that the judge for their first custody battle was anti-hero," Bridgette smiled. "In fact, he was later convicted for conspiring an anti-hero terrorist attack. So, if anything, my client was at an extreme disadvantage and should have never lost custody of Cooper, Lila, and Nathaniel. Thank you for your time."
The judge called for a thirty minute recess. Those thirty minutes were the most excruciating minutes of his life. Bucky tried his best to keep him calm, but... it was extremely difficult.
Two days after that, Peter moved the little stuff he salvaged from the fire into Ned's spare bedroom.
Tony (reluctantly) followed the stupidly handsome super-soldier. For the first time in forever, Steve actually looked mad. Not sad, not desperate, but
"Yeah! They're really nice. Come on, I wanna watch Buzzfeed Unsolved. The TV in the living room is huge!"
"What in the world, Tony?" Steve growled, steam basically seething out of his ears. "Bad mouthing me to a teenager?"
Peter and the stylists casually chatted while they prettied Peter up. Once Peter was released, Tony grabbed his shoulders.
Two Bartons and Starks ride up to the community floor of Avenger's tower. "Fri, tell Barton to get his ass into the living room."
"Could anyone really think you're trans? Not like there's anything wrong with being trans, you're just so masculine."
"'Cause I'm an asshole and an idiot, Tones. I-I was mad and hurt and my idiotic brain wanted to make you hurt as much as I did. I know that sounds just plain
"You're gonna do fine, Clint, your kids are gonna be yours again. Your ducks are all in a line," Bucky mumbled.
Peter gripped onto his shirt and squeezed his eyes shut, focusing on the rise and fall of Clint's chest. He tried his best to sync their breathing.
Clint was shaking, which was never a good thing. If he's shaking, he's panicking. If he's panicking, he can't shoot straight. He started scratching at his arm.
"Steve, I don't really think Clint would do that either, but Peter idolizes that boy, whose ass I am ready to kick. Unless it;s coming straight from Cooper, I don't think he'd ever believe him," Tony mumbled, wiping grease off of his hands. Steve was leaning against the door of the lab in his classic mom-friend-Steve-Rogers pose.
A year into college, Cooper gathered up his courage and asked Tony for his blessing with Peter. At first, he joked around and faked saying no, but told the boy no matter what he thought, it’s Peter’s life and decision. Three months later, Cooper knelt in front of him and popped the question.
"I- I was being an idiot. I-I felt like you were trying to ignore you so I wanted a way to get you to notice me somehow. So, I just decided to flirt and she kissed me and you just looked over at the wrong time-" Steve took a deep breath. "Sorry."
Peter sat down, pulling his boyfriend to his chest, despite their obvious size difference. "Hey, you can stay with me."
"So, this was the first mission we all had ever gone on as a team, even before that damn alien attack, since Fury wanted to see if we would actually work well as a team. So, we were all on a quinjet on the way back. Thor is trying to get everyone to drink this Asgardian whiskey, and I didn't drink any 'cause I'm a responsible adult-"
Peter growled under his breath at the stupid blonde. The stupid, freaking idiotic blonde super human that broke his dad's heart. "I gotta go."
Steve's grin stretched across his face. "Yeah, buddy. Go back to sleep. He'll be here in the morning."
"Steve. Stop talking," Tony mumbled. Steve immediately closed his mouth (Tony's expressed his worries about what would have happened to Peter if he was hurt in action). "I think the best plan is to trap Cooper in a room with Clint one day when Peter brings him over so he can explain."
Ned and MJ quickly fell into rhythm with Peter and Clint. Even though Ned had a minor meltdown over seeing the Hawkeye, when Peter and him started mocking each other, he calmed down.
Still not letting go of Peter's hand, Cooper stood up, frankly towering over Clint. "I said stay the fuck away from me."
"Tony looked me straight in the eye and told me, if you weren't dating Rhodey, and if I wasn't your best friend, he would have kicked me out of the tower a long time ago."
Peter sprinted up to the lab, dropping his backpack by the door. "Hey, Dad! Can I use your lab a bit?"
So that night, paparazzi caught Peter Parker-Stark sitting on a cub of New York with an unidentified boy.
The brunette winked cheekily and lead Clint and Cooper away. That was the first time either of them put titles on their relationship.
Tony watched the teen sit across from him, the boy slightly curling in on himself, making Tony wince. Before Tony could even open his mouth again, Peter rushed out. "I'm sorry about snapping at you last night, it was wrong, and if you want me to leave and never come back, I understand."
MJ parked and stepped out, Ned quickly following, then Cooper stepping out too. Peter was at the door waving at them. MJ shoved his shoulder.
Clint swallowed roughly. "Thank you... I-I should go feed Lila so I can take her back to her mom's. Know her mom, she's probably on a fucking rampage."
Peter started frantically signing help. Clint brought him to his chest. "Shh, calm down. It's alright."
Peter’s physical therapist was named Jonathan. Apparently he was the same PT that helped Tony after New York (falling from the sky isn’t the best on the body). One day after his session, his dad shoved a pile of red and blue into his arms. He slowly unfolded it to reveal an updated Spidey suit.
Clint ruffled his hair and kept walking. Bruce smiled at Peter and patted the seat next to him. "C'mon. Let's talk."
The blonde soldier grabbed the pillow and two blankets shoved in the closet near the lab. He threw down the thicker blanket on the floor before setting his pillow down and curling up under the other blanket.
Peter was curled up in the corner of the couch while Tony was busy grabbing all the games in the tower. Peter wanted to help, but Tony refused, simply saying "he could handle it."
Natasha was a scary person, to anyone really. So when a teenage boy came face to face with her at his house's doorway, it's reasonable to believe he was close to passing out.
Tony anxiously rapped on the front door of the cozy house. The door swung open to a small boy holding the handle.
Nat smiled at the boy as she walked out. She didn't ask about the cloth in his closet because Peter will come out as transgender when he's ready.
Peter squeezed his hand tightly, smiling up at him. Lila leaned onto Cooper's other side, Cooper's arm tight around him. "We'll be alright, right Coop?"
"I know, and I know I should have called you, but I got distracted and I didn't want to wake you up and bother you-"
Tony, unable to form coherent thoughts after anxiety spikes unless it was his deepest, darkest fears, just blurted out, "I'm going to ruin Peter's life. I'm so not ready for a kid and I'm going to mess him up."
"Thank you for bringing me into your family, Dad." Peter walked around the desk and hugged Tony. Tony placed his head on his son's.
Tony put his arms behind him and tried to wave them in a cape-like way. He then shoved his fists in front of him, trying to act like Superman. Ellen got it after two guesses.
"I was wrong. I was being selfish and only thinking about myself, kiddo. I should have realized that I should have been here for you. I'm sorry, kiddo."
Peter stood in the doorway. He couldn't believe his dad was Iron Man. Even if he wasn't, he was terrified about meeting his birth dad. Peter's mom must have known Tony would've been skeptical considering the pictures of her and Tony, her and Peter, a letter she wrote to Peter and Tony explaining everything, and Peter's birth certificate she included in her will. While he fought with his thoughts, Steve nabbed Clint to wake Tony, who angrily awoke a few minutes later.
"The police? Do you know how discriminatory they are? Even if they weren't, they're always too busy with bigger things! No one would be looking out for the little guy! But I am."
Peter immediately cringed at the name. Tony slipped his own blood sample into a machine with Peter's. "So, this will have to run for about an hour."
And like that, Peter hopped off the building and started swinging towards Manhattan. He knew Spiderman fighting Captain America wouldn't be the best press of the vigilante. He perched himself on a tall skyscraper as he watched the sun go down. He let his eyes flutter close and the dipping sun shone on his face. He couldn't believe he actually felt bad for Steve Rogers. He may be a jerk, but he still looked... heartbroken! Why? He was the one who hurt his dad! He had no reason to be mad.
"Yeah, yeah, Stark has a kid, I'm I going to beat you guys at Jenga again or what?" Clint snorted, leaning forward.
i feel like i should mention this book is a slow-burn? like theres a ton of bonding and repairing. nothing really happens instantaneously, ya know?
Peter huffed quietly. He spotted Steve in a cap and sun glasses waving him over. The only up side to this is that Steve drives a really nice red 1964 Chevrolet Malibu. He threw his bag in the back of the car, slipping into the passenger seat, trying to ignore Steve.
He forced himself to take it off, sliding his shirt on immediately afterwards, trying to not look at his chest. He started crying again. This day couldn't get worse. He couldn't wear his binder and Tony would find out he's transgender and kick him out and Flash would mock him more and everything would go to shit. The worst part? He knew damn well not to wear his binder to sleep, but he became so paranoid Tony would already hate him he did it anyway. He wanted to slam his head on the wall. He pressed his back against the door, trying to help himself breathe better.
"Hey, Nat, ready to get your ass whooped?" Clint whooped as he slammed the gym door open, scaring the crap out of Peter. "Oh, hey, kid!"
"Hey, Shuri," Peter started as she tinkered away at his shoulder, the cold metal connecting up to his collarbone, "my friends are coming over soon, wanna hang out with us?"
Steve came in first and made a long speech about the importance of college and taxes and voting and retirement and yadda yadda. Peter actually came in second and was rewarded with a clap on the back from Thor.
"Everyone, shut up. We're playing the Game of Life then Jenga and maybe Twister," Tony snapped. "And Peter gets first choice!"
. Holy shit. Out of everyone in NYC, sweet little Peter was the last person she'd guess. She picked up the suit to fold and place it on his bed so they could have a little chat about it later when a piece of cloth fell out. She quirked an eyebrow and picked it up.
Tony glanced at the clock. "Okay, fine. We're not done, though, after school, you come straight home, alright."
Peter held onto him so hard, Tony could feel his nails digging into his shoulder blades. He stroked his hair gently, shushing him lovingly.
"Just, what if instead of kicking him out, she hurt him, sent him to some fuckin' conversion camp or tried to beat the gay outta' him, just-" Clint wiped one eye roughly. "I'm worried."
"C'mon, let's get you you to bed, we can start searching in the morning, with a clear head, alright?"
An hour later, Lila walked into Cooper's room, without knocking, and saw Peter and Cooper cuddling in all their glory.
Nearly two hours into the battle, after Lila and Cooper shared their opinions, Bridgette could tell their lead was slipping, so she brought out the big guns.
Steve has made Clint talk to him, but Tony said he "didn't give a rats ass about Stevie's hurt lil feelings." Steve found it harsh, but fair considering.
"No. You need to go the hell upstairs and show your son you still love him. 'Cause if I was him, I'd think you hated me."
Ned threw his arms around his friends, starting to guide them towards their shared homeroom. "So, how big's where ever you're staying? Huge? Tiny? Does he have pets?"
He took glance at his sleeping boyfriend, blanket curled around his shoulders. The blonde kissed his forehead gently before retreating to go train. He didn't want his beautiful Tony to be angrier than he already was. As he walked towards the kitchen, there was a quiet knock on the door.
The elevator dinged open to reveal the compound's common room, the smell of Sam's vanilla candles and Natasha's lilac Febreeze mixed in the air. Clint was collapsed on top of the back of the couch, an empty mug resting on his chest. Sam was chatting with Natasha, both on the couch, polishing weapons from the gym. Thor was on the end of the couch with Bruce resting in his lap. Steve can't remember the last time the tower was so domestic.
Peter growled under his breath. While shaking Steve's hand, he whispered, where only Steve could hear him, "If you hurt my dad, I will destroy you."
An annoying beeping rung in Peter's ears. Quiet murmuring woke Peter from his not-so-peaceful nap. He cracked open his eyes, only to be blinded by harsh, white light. ]
Clint knows he's been sneaking out. Sometimes, when his anxieties at night get the best of him, he goes and checks in on Peter and Cooper. Cooper, more often than not, is fast asleep, snoring as much as Clint know he snores, but Peter is either thrashing, wide awake, or just not there. But he's always back by morning.
Ever since his break up with Steve, he's been having more frequent panic attacks. The stupid protocol had Bruce come find him when ever he's having one. And Tony can't over ride the dumb protocol. All of this together forced Bruce to be Tony's personal, free therapist.
Meanwhile, Peter was riding the elevator up to the top floor. Even though he knew he was gonna get fussed at, he was still kinda over the moon from Cooper.
The oven beeped quietly and Bucky rushed over, just grabbing it with his metal arm, but Steve still snapped, "Be careful, Buck!"
Steve's eyebrows furrowed. He couldn't even know why a random child was moving into a tower he also lived in? This was just getting ridiculous. He just wanted the chance to even explain himself!
He ended up collapsing into Steve's chest, tears and snot streaming from his face and onto Steve's nice shirt. Steve was cradling his head gently, like he was holding a baby. He felt useless. Logically, he knew he shouldn't-he couldn't- go out in the middle of the night and search for the teen, but, God dammit, he was Iron Man. He could find one kid. His kid.
“hey, look at me honey” tony refused to look up and Steve’s heart was racing , he needed to call Natasha and Clint . Have them find out what was going on. They had been so wrong about tony being safe with stane. There was no way Steve was going to let him take tony now.
“He’s too young for heart surgery" steve said as he swung his hand in a left hook and Clint dogged it easily enough.
“are you okay?” he asked concerned reaching under the covers to run his hand over his body to check for any soreness.
Steve’s reflex didn’t waste even a second before wrapping an arm around tony to keep him from following his books in a rapid descent towards the floor. But the second his arm made contact with tony, He was met with a flinch. It was only a slight one and Steve wouldn’t have noticed if he hadn’t had his arms around the boy. He let go immediately, hands hovering around Tony’s elbow waiting for him to stabilise.
"But I promise you are the cutest of them all" steve teased. Tony smacked him on his chest and whimpered when he realized he had used his injured hand.
Bruce took what looked like a thermometer from Nat's hand as Steve sat next to me and she handed me a glass of water. I didn't take it immediately so she held it up to my lips while Steve tipped my head towards the glass to drink it. Well guess I am drinking the water then.
“Good night sweetheart" he whispered kissing him on the head and Tony sighed tucking his fingers grasping tightly at Steve’s flesh at his hip. But Steve wasn’t complaining as he felt his eyes close to the quiet breathing of Tony’s.
He turned to his teammates who looked just as worried and asked them to get him some water. Within seconds Clint was handing him a small water bottle and he turned back to Tony who seemed to be tracking better.
He gently pushed Tony down with a hand on his abdomen, his fingers slippery with Tony’s spend and he pulled out with a resounding ‘plop' because of the excess lube Steve had lathered him with. The sound mostly drowned by Tony’s sob.
“Why are you dressed like that?” he hiccupped lightly at the end of that question and Steve let go of Tony to reach for the water but Tony immediately latched onto him again not letting go.
"Oh sweetheart" Steve was aghast. Tony had been wearing the sweatshirt since Steve saw him first in the bar. That was more than an hour ago.
“bucky is staying at my apartment.  I am temporarily staying with Clint and nat" he said pressing gently at Tony’s sore neck muscles feeling him relax
Steve was hoping it was the latter because it had been a while since he had slept in like this and he didn’t Want someone waking him up just yet.
"Its not about the budget captain, this guy can sniff you with just paper trails. If we blow the budget on this one he is likely to see it coming" Fury explained but Steve was annoyed, he needed room to work not be constrained by these limits.
“Thank you" steve said kissing the tip of Tony’s nose and he got “hmm" in return followed by a yawn.
“Sorry is not going to cover it this time” he said smirking at him waiting for Tony to close the gap between their lips. Tony trembled beneath him and Steve was about to give in and push away when tony whimpered and concern immediately flooded his mind wondering if he taken it too far and he realized his right knee was pressed up against tony between his legs and he immediately moved to the side taking his hands away from either side of Tony’s head. Tony had screwed his eyes shut and was taking shallow breaths  now.
Clint chuckled as he helped tony throw all his limbs around steve as he mouthed “morphine” over Tony’s head and Steve smirked as he wrapped his arms around his genius lover.
“Stop trying to make me sleep, I am not a child” steve sighed giving up as he pulled them upright, with tony resisting.
Tony was dressed in one of Steve’s shirt he knew came from his locker at the gym and a pair of shields standard issue pants that were bunched up at his ankles sweeping the floor.
“I know,” He said quietly “I am working on it” he said through his teeth like it was hard for him to admit and Steve smiled letting go of his hand
Tony yawned as he snuggled closer to his aunt and Steve almost wished it was him un her place , instead he said “Tony  ,I spoke to your doctor.”
“Hurts, steve stop, I don’t like it” he hiccuped and Steve looked down at his face worried but knowing he was so close to feeling good.
“I love you” he whispered against his lips and felt the shudder that coursed through Tony’s body which only made him hold on tighter.
Tony thankfully didn’t seem to notice Steve’s odd behavior and Steve assumed it was  because he hadn’t seen peggy in a while either.
“ it hasn’t bothered me before , but with Tony , everytime I embrace him he disappears within my arms , I don’t know how to explain it" he said trailing off
They were mostly fine, just incredibly sore. He looked down and saw his clothes were completely ruined and singed. Clint pointed to the far corner of the makeshift bed and Steve found his captain America uniform laid out. He thanked Clint gratefully as he stepped out so Steve could change.
The heat licking at his cock was making Steve go hazy around the corners, tony was tight, probably the tightest he has ever had and it was driving him insane to go slow.
Bruce left a while after they had spoke more details and Steve finally felt calm enough to looking for Tony again. He hated himself for getting angry last night, he hadn’t known things were this bad. He had threatened to sleep on the couch when all Tony wanted was to sleep with him before he underwent life threatening surgery. Steve was an idiot.
“doing okay?” he asked as he tucked the blanket he carried with him around Tony and himself as he sat behind him.
“Around four, you want to tell me what was happening with you when I found you in your underwear in the kitchen?” Tony  squirmed a little and Steve actually chuckled as he remembered .
“Its all over the news how did you miss it?” and then ,finally, the gears in Steve’s  mind clicked. The turned off tv when Steve went to the mens room and Tony’s sudden need for Steve to be near him.
“Claims to want to be there for his godson while he is being operated on.” Steve’s eyes snapped up , maybe they had made a mistake after all. He couldn’t feel his legs as Clint guided him to a bench.
“Try the mini cooler" she told him and he thanked her for pointing it out before grabbing one pack and easing back into Tony’s room locking the door behind him.
"Fine." He huffed not looking at him and Steve ran a hand through Tony's hair and gave him another kiss.
He drank sluggishly and Steve praised him running his hands up and down his back and Tony’s eyes drifted shut as Steve pulled the comforter over both of them and played down.
“don’t” steve cut natasha off knowing exactly where this was going and the last he wanted was to guilt tony into confiding in Steve or the team. Tony was reluctant as it was and pushing was going to only make it worse.
I felt Steve nudging me more "you have to actually move tony. Come on, do you want me to carry you upstairs? " that woke me up.
Three years ,it has been since Steve started this gig as a history teacher . Actually it wasn’t a gig, it was something he really wanted to do. Shield had graciously set him up with the school, he even received a salary. It was as official as it could be, albeit the missions and impromptu world saving that occasionally kept him from school. Only a few people at school were aware of Steve’s hero status. As far as the world was concerned, captain America went in the ice eleven years ago and was found four years back and hasn’t cared to surface in the public eye. While everyone knew captain America, nobody knew ‘Steve Rogers’ , the high school history teacher and he wanted to keep it that way.
“please? I promise I won’t cry this time” said yogurt dropped to the floor and Bruce looked at him wide eyes as Steve clamped his hand over Tony’s mouth.
“Tony? Hey sweetheart” he said softly as Tony struggled awake , blinking sluggishly at Steve before his eyes went wide in panic after realizing there was a tube shoved down his throat. Steve gently held his hands still over the pillows and spoke to him calmly after pressing on the call button.
“We cant hand him over to shield.” Steve said settling into one of the seats rubbing the weariness out of his eyes.
“When you can’t have something it makes you want it more” he said irritably and Steve did understand that, after all Steve couldn’t have Tony and all he had wanted was Tony.
Tony brightened after listening to that. He closed his immediately and Steve couldn’t help but smile at the adorable tony tried to feign sleep but actually fell asleep anyway.
“I am only trying to help you tony" he said softly as he pulled out the leads attached to Tony’s chest and then removed the IV carefully capping the port. Only thing remaining was the nasal cannula and the Foley’s. Steve doubted tony even remembered that it was still there.
I listened carefully as Jarvis briefed the entire battle to me in perfect sequence. I gasped at hearing that tony's suit had been burnt, that had to be some really strong radiation to be able to affect his suit.
“that’s great to hear, so let’s get started then. I’ll try to be as quick as possible and since you are feeling perfect ,I doubt this is going to take any time at all"
“I hacked into shield and called natasha to find out of you were okay" Steve smiled at him and placed both his palms on either side of his face and placed a soft kiss on his lips
The doctor had already confirmed to Steve that there was something there , but Steve was still nervous as the image loaded on the screen and Tony glared daggers at him from the other side of the glass wall.
“What happened?” he asked looking up his eyes imploring and Steve knew he had to have this conversation with Tony at some point, but he didn’t think it would be today. He didn’t even think Tony was aware of the tension between him and Bruce.
He sighed as he listened to the ringtone as he waited for Tony to pick up his call. But apparently Tony was ignoring him now.
“The last time I saw this look on your face was when you found out he was being abused” she recounted reaching over to tuck a stray hair behind Tony’s ear.
He felt Tony nod against his chest and he bent down to level his mouth near Tony’s ear “that was the hottest thing ever baby, nothing has ever turned me on more” he said knowing his low pit he’d voice was making the hair on Tony’s skin stand.
“What is it, are you okay??” he asked immediately trying to turn Tony’s face towards him so he could see but Tony was blushing , he was red all over and the last time he had looked this embarrassed and oh!
“one week back you didn’t even want to sleep naked next to me, today you want to have sex?” tony stuttered on his breath at Steve’s sudden bluntness and he smirked at his reaction because this was more the Tony he knew.
“How did this heal so fast?” he asked again, but the look in his eyes was so pure and the curiosity on his face so genuine all Steve wanted to do was just tell him the truth.
He found them sitting by the lockers , still in their workout attire. Looked like they had gone a few rounds and Steve was sad he missed it.
“She’s great at giving shots, trust me. She once stabbed me with a knife and I didn’t even feel it .” and Tony raised an eyebrow alarmed
The latter had shocked bruce and Steve but they hadn’t said anything about it other than glance at each other worriedly.  Bruce made Tony recite the fibonacci sequence while he was going under the anesthesia. Steve had left immediately after.
I heard him fake gasp and hop off the table. I smiled to myself as I heard his footsteps in my pursuit.
“You mean your classmate anna?” he nnodded and it took Steve all of three seconds to realize what happened and he couldn’t help but grin
“Physics" he said and walked to the door, just before he left he turned back and said “Mr. Rogers ?! thanks.” And Steve smiled at him and nodded.
“I am only trying to help honey" tony looked at him through his lashes for a few seconds before sighing
“I need you to breathe for me tony, come on just like the other day” that only made things worse, Tony started gasping for air as Steve eased him to sit on the bed, holding him at arms length, Tony’s fingers were wrapped tightly around Steve’s wrist as if he was hanging on for dear life.
“It’s not broken” he said and Steve’s eyes snapped up to meet his , had tony gone to a doctor after all?
They arrived at the museum twenty minutes later and Steve got down to find natasha , Clint waiting for them at the parking lot .
Steve groaned as he buried his nose in Tony’s hair at the mention of the damn uniform. Steve was sure he was going to hell.
Tony refused to say anything so steve brushed the hair off his forehead, and forced his chin up so he could kiss him softly before pushing him off his lap.
“Me too, I didn’t mean to push you away" he said as Steve stripped him off his shirt and Tony lifted his arms obediently.
Somewhere at the back of Steve mind he knew something was wrong but Steve was so close to the edge himself and he pulled out of the all encompassing heat, tortuously slow and Tony grabbed on tighter thrusting his face into Steve’s shoulder not allowing Steve to move. But Steve was so close to the edge and he needed to pull out now .
Somewhere in the back of his mind he wondered if this is what Tony always felt like when he was having a panic attack. It took a few moments to settle and he finally realized the voice to be nnatasha’s
steve watched Tony’s expression change from fear to wonder and then to something he hadn’t been expecting , his cheeks turned a bright pink, it was not all bad considering how pale he was but Steve quickly realised that he was blushing.
Steve’s pulse picked up as tony started putting things together. He gave him a light squeeze before reaching behind them to press the nurse call button.
Nobody other than shield knew of his existence after he was unfrozen so it didn’t matter anyway. Steve’s lack of care to the news had only irritated him and he had left.
“so you are completely healed now? Nothing is even bleeding anymore?” Tony said as he practically bounced on the bed from excitement his exhaustion momentarily forgotten.
The next twenty minutes went by with Tony introducing the characters and giving insight into their traits. But as the next episode started , Tony’s eyes were drooping as he fought to stay awake and Steve carefully eased him down so Tony’s Head was pillowed on Steve lap and he gently carded his hands through his hair as his breathing evened out.
Pepper and rhodey came by everyday. Steve made them visitor cards so they could walk in and out by themselves instead of one of them having to go and let the security know it was okay. Shield had a strict policy on people coming in and out .
"Okay, I am glad to hear that. I want to see you both ten minutes early tomorrow before class." He said getting up , motioning for Tony to come to him. "I also need for you both to drop a message to Tony's phone once you are home. If I am not wrong you have a test in physics tomorrow right?" They nodded fast and scrambled to get up after him following him out.
Steve sat still for a good two seconds, comprehending before taking a good look at him and decided “okay” Tony’s eyes snapped up to meet his , it seemed as though he had not expected Steve to agree.
Steve had to close his eyes for several moments to control his breathing, his nostrils flared in anger thinking about how Tony had been walking around like this was nothing for the past few days.
"Steve, go drag him up here, I want to eat the popcorn!" Clint whined. I nodded getting up to go find my genius. I hadn't seen him the whole day.
Somewhere within him,  Steve hated that Tony asked this question at all. He hated himself for feeling jealous of what was after all just curiosity.
“Tony,  you can always call me. No matter what the situation.  Do you understand?” he nodded but Steve was still not satisfied but right now that was not important.
“What are you afraid of?” he asked and Steve caught the fingers that were now playing with his collar.
Tony continued to frown at him “what’s happening to him?” the question was directed to the spies but he was still looking at Steve with concern. He only realized why, when tony put his hot chocolate down and threaded his fingers through Steve’s own that he was shaking.
“anything else ? Is that all?” he asked and Tony just gave another pitiful whine and Steve’s worry increased tenfold.
"That's not fair! Its not like I had a heart attack ! Bruce tell him to give me bacon!" I yelled for everyone in the common room kitchen to hear as the elevator opened. "
Bruce was absolutely right, and this was one thing Steve knew that had been worrying Tony and Steve had just made it ten times worse because he told tony that he is doing underhanded shit with his father’s company.
“that works only if the company went to stane after Tony’s death, but there is nothing mentioned as such here. Which may explain why he saved the kid from the crash" Steve’s head was reeling just a little bit at the talk of Tony’s death and car crash. But he nodded as they speculated.
“It’s okay , we are not going to do anything you don’t want to.” Steve cut him off and Tony swallowed loudly “ it feels weird to just talk about it” he whined a little as he said it and Steve smiled at him
Steve nodded , tucking that information away so he could tell tony that he was indeed proud ,because when Tony had seemed it earlier from him Steve was too far gone in worry to even appreciate the work Tony has done.
Thor and the hulk had taken out majority of the squiggles, temporarily giving me some time to reroute the energy transmitted into my arc reactor. The plan was to let the energy be absorbed by the reactor, and once the squiggles don't get their energy back, they are going to have to go back to where they came from through the portal, which Thor would channel his asgardian powers to close.
“I figured I should at least experience everything once.” He said not taking his eyes off of rhodey.
“I want to see!” he interrupted and Steve shook his head again in amusement. How did Tony go from being so vulnerable to this normal teenager again so fast.
“you need to rest, how about I step out and you change your clothes huh? Or do you want me to help you?” he tried to change the subject
“I know, just give it a minute okay? I promise it will be feel really good” he said kissing him repeatedly
Tony stood rooted near the bed , shock wearing off and he passed Steve a piece of gauze to help Bruce .
“Tony, honey?” Steve asked slowing his moments as he felt Tony go lax and the tears continued to flow down his cheeks .
“You need a x ray" he said as he gently traced his hand along the mottled skin feeling for broken ribs and Tony whimpered in pain.
“I am eight years older than you. Did you know your dad was my best friend?” Steve tried another tactic hoping this would maybe put Tony off. Oh was he wrong .
“ is it obadiah?” he asked because Tony had repeatedly said he didn’t want to go home with ‘obie’ yesterday.
Both tony and Ty seemed to shrink back at the threat, it was more the intensity of the tone than the severity of the threat that had them both backing up. It also didnt help that Steve was a towering bulk and looked physically menacing when he got this way.
“he said some one delivered it to the house" he said it like he had been repeating it a couple of times and was  but when Clint and nat shared a look, Tony caught on immediately
“He thinks the person who did this was after stark industries and wanted to protect tony.” Natasha explained.
“even if that is true, there is nothing I can do about the situation. But I am sorry to say that I agree with Stane that it is better for you.”
“you are mad aren’t you? I am sorry I feel so stupid. People do all kinds of things and I cant even let you touch me and..”
“Your dad had this problem too" he said as he walked over to the bed sitting down tony still holding on tight.
“Tony,” he called and when that didn’t get his attention , steve stood up , crossed over to where the teen was struggling to pull his shoe over his heel and grabbed his elbow, forcing him to stop what he was doing and look up at Steve.
The elevator opened "sir, your floor" Jarvis said as if he too thought there was something wrong with me. "I am aware, Jarvis" I spit out walking into my room to find steve and bruce standing in the middle of the room ,steve holding my black sabbath shirt in his hand, and discussing something with the utmost sincerity. They both turned around immediately as I entered the room, steve, immediately walking towards me and reached for me. I pushed his hands away and walked towards the bed still in my party dress shirt and pants and quickly snuck under the covers.
By two PM steve was frantic , he wanted to find Tony.  he knew Tony was at school and knew that he was avoiding him. He had heard from Bruce that Tony did attend his morning class. He caught up rhodey just as he was about to enter biology
steve reached for the cloth, wetting it in the warm water ,ran it over Tony’s face to clear off the soot and grime. It seemed to bring tony out of his shock as he took a few shuddering breaths and pushed away with a still trembling hand on Steve’s chest to look at him.
“Shit! Sorry" he said as he pulled back, shaking the ache out of his own wrist and Steve rubbed at his jaw.
Steve smiled shakily at him , this was definitely one of the worse flashbacks he had experienced his mind still shifting  back and forth from the painful memory and the present.
“she wants to go to a boring art exhibit downtown, in a subway” he groaned while pepper just rolled her eyes at him . They were cute together, Steve thought.
Steve found sleep came easily , he also found that with sleep came nightmares. He couldn’t shake the anxiety off and yet his body succumbed to much needed rest. Atleast it didn’t last long as he was soon being woken by Bruce and Steve sat up ram rod straight in the bed that was put next to Tony’s.
“you are back.” He said “how are you doing?” steve felt a little confused at the question that followed but he nodded anyway.
“Fine, tomorrow then" he said stalking off in the direction if his room. But he knew he was going to go see nat first,  find out everything.
“I am perfectly fine, see?” he said stepping out of the bathroom and Steve smiled as he noticed the blush along Tony’s neck . In unfolding the towel Steve pulled Tony towards him and ran the towel through his hair until it stopped dripping,  tony all the while struggled to get out Steve’s embrace , whining like a child about being fussed over.
“I don’t want him in this picture at all” all Steve wanted was tuck Tony away safely until all this was dealt with  but he knew it wasn’t that easy. Weather he liked it or not Tony was already caught in the center of It all.
“As a teacher I am obligated to report any incidents involving students to their guardian” he said watching for any signs that’s tony was throwing up his walls again but tony only sighed again, twirling the note in his fingers.
“Steve” she said but she didn’t seem as surprised to see him and Tony’s sluggish arm wave snapped him out of the frozen moment and he walked over sitting down on the chairs next to the bed.
“I am just thinking, what if rumlow and stane are after SI , that makes sense right? If you think about it, Tony would have been the direct heir to SI after Howard and Maria died. It would explain why stane saved him and why he’s been looking after him. Why he is trying to keep him away from us.”  Clint explained rubbing his chin with his fingers
I pulled away slightly putting a hand at the base of his neck and lifted his head to kiss him, trying to kiss away all the frustration. He pulled away, waiting for me to look at him, once I did he said "what can I do to make it up to you? You name it, and I'll do it." He said raising an eyebrow his hands moving up my shirt suggestively. I moved my hands to still his hands roaming my chest "I need you to let Bruce check your burns, and do a blood test" I stated taking advantage of his offer. He physically deflated at that. I felt him sag in my hold "okay" he said softly.
“how are you feeling? Still tired?” he asked remembering what Bruce had said to Tony about sleeping but couldn’t bring it up directly because handling tony was an art. You needed to know how to exactly phrase your words or Tony would get defensive and shut down.
Steve walked over picking up their food with an amused smile and sat himself down against the headboard next to Tony’s head.
It took Steve several seconds to understand and realize that Tony was not reacting to pain but to Steve’s touch.
“He needs to keep pressure off his chest, make sure he doesn’t turn all the way. But he needs to change position every now and then if he wants to avoid getting bed sores" clearly they had all had immense hospital experience to know all this.
“you insist on people not touching you, but not me. Why?” Tony laid his head down on Steve’s chest, giving Steve more access to massage his scalp.
Tony didn’t fight them further as they wrapped his wrist in crepe and applied salve over the minor burns littered over his skin , the whole time he was sat beside Steve refusing to take his eyes off the man.
“its okay if he doesn’t eat full meals, just maybe small portions broken down throughout the day. Whatever trauma he underwent seems to be weighing him down, kids these days don’t feel the need to share but if you can get him to open up he will find that he Is feeling better” the doctor said smiling at him confidently and Steve nodded back forehead creased as he tried to pay complete attention to him.
"I thought you were spending time with Tony today" steve almost clocked Clint in the face for startling him.
He sat propped up against the headboard ,feeling somewhat more stable than before his mind only a little hazy but comprehending. It had been a while since he had experienced a flashback this bad.
He ignored the erect member seeking attention and traced his fingers over Tony’s thighs , gentle but firm making sure it wasn’t tickling. His breaths were hitching everytime Steve touched a new place for the first time and that told Steve that Tony’s mind was now following his touches
“I know it should, but I think I need to let him deal with this on his own or atleast that’s what he wants. And I that’s what I am going to let him do"
“Here” he said tossing the shirt at Tony but he was already tucked under Steve’s blanket his head on the foot of the bed and his feet vice versa.
“You ate just a while back, and you know you cannot eat anything” he told him but he reached for the water and handed it to Tony who just pouted but took it anyway.
“Steve look! It’s my best friends" he said pulling frantically at Steve’s shirt trying to get him to see.
“I need an answer , tony" steve said calmer than before as he watched iron man fly higher and then hover midway in the sky overlooking the battle scene on the ground.
It was over? That's good right? Then why am I not able to catch my breath? Panic over took me and before I knew it Steve had pulled me into his lap and Nat was holding water to his lips.
He felt a hand on his shoulder and turned to see natasha as she pointed to the door “will be right outside if you need me" she said and he thanked her before reaching over to hold Tony still while the nurse worked.
"Tony?" "Tony!" "grab him!" urgh,what happened?I asked my sluggish brain as it struggled to process the situation.
But Tony just shrugged and said “I may be a little bit accident prone “ and pursed his lips like the other day and threw up his hands as if to say ‘what can you do about it?’
“okay, I am sorry” he heard the static before the link cut off and Steve sighed pushing the door open to his bath.
“Very funny" he grumbled as he ran his fingers up Steve’s chest his forehead puckering a little as he traced the outline of a faint bruise along his torso where Bucky had kicked him .
He felt cool cloth run over his face, mostly his eyes and voila! He could open them to see blurry figures showering above him.
“can I have a hug?” he asked slightly opening his arms and his mind eased when Tony immediately turned to Steve and gave him a crushing hug. Steve caught Natasha’s smile at him over Tony’s head and she gave him a nod before leaving.
He sighed as he headed out behind her, finding Bucky and Bruce deep in conversation about mind control . when they both entered and took their seats again , bruce looked up at him and he gave him a short nod.
He gave one knowing nod to Steve and steve felt his heart drop as he gently wrapped an arm around Tony and pulled him closer.
“Okay now you are scaring me, tell me what’s happening please” he begged as he pulled them both upright
It was past midnight, Steve knew he had to wait until the next morning , he sat at the table in the kitchen chewing mindlessly on some cereal. He knew it was too early to be eating anything least off all sugary cereal that apparently Clint liked to eat. As morning came, he decided against his jog and headed straight for the showers hoping to speed things up and just reach school already.
She made her way inside, holding up the water bottle with a small smile which tony took without much prompting and drank a few sips with shaky hands. Natasha shared a look with Steve and he knew exactly what she was trying to say.
“Oh , well no kisses for you then” tony grabbed his collar pulling him back “depends on how good the kiss is" he said before crushing his lips against Steve’s.
“He collapsed from exhaustion a few weeks back,  and has a history of panic attacks. Hasn’t been sleeping well , maybe an hour or two at night, and his performance in school has dropped significantly “ Tony went stiff in his hold and wanted to protest but steve never gave him the chance
“your dad, Howard ,was my best friend. I was best friends with your dad tony” he said hoping that would maybe steer him away from wanting this.
He had been doing this a lot lately , he would walk past his class several times a day and probably thought Steve didn’t notice but Steve was trained to notice these things so he did. But today was the first time he had walked in looking for something and had shaken his head mumbling to himself and walked out.
“Bio then physics” he said hopping off the desk swinging his bag over his shoulder, all traces of injury gone.
“ Tony, if you need me we will be right upstairs okay?” bruce said ushering natasha out of the room with him.
“we are going to need him to talk if we want to do this legally, which I am presuming is the best way to go ahead with this, considering that there is a company at stake" steve frowned, he hadn’t thought of that.
“Steve don’t” he mumbled trying to get down onto his feet and Steve let him and he made a quick dash out of the bathroom and by the time Steve followed him out he was already tucked under Steve’s massive comforter his hair now short enough stand up spiked poking out from beneath.
“shaken up, he thought I was dead. How did no one bother to tell him” Steve said, it was not accusing he was just not sure what happened after he had lost conciousness.
“The team?” he asked his eyebrows scrunching up the way they did in class when Tony was trying to process information, it was cute.
"I Am not accusing you, just enquiring, no need to get snippy" she said but had no accusatory tone, just calm and explaining. Fine, whatever, I forgot.
“he said I could say goodbye to my friends.” He said shrugging his shoulders , he turned full bodied to Steve looking at him through his lashes “did you know they were murdered?”
Steve was an hour early , the sun only just rising, as he stepped into Tony’s room freshly showered. He set down the bag he was carrying on one of the tables and and let his eyes wander around the room before he let it settle on the sleeping teenager.
“let him in, else Clint is never going to hear the end of it" he chuckled as he heard arguments outside the door.
“I am okay tony, I am right here.” He said cutting through Tony’s panic, he gently tugged on the hand connected to his own to get his attention “remember when you asked how that cut on my cheek disappeared over night?” Tony nodded finally looking up at Steve again “you were right, I do have super healing abilities, the serum did that” tony nodded unbelieving.
Steve closed his eyes and sighed, he felt the press of Tony’s lips against his and he did what he wanted to do. He kissed back.
“can you inform her parents?” He asked turning towards one of the other female teachers who saw them and had followed them to the nurses room worried.
Steve belatedly noted that Anna’s parents had probably already picked her up and the entire nurses office was empty save for them.
Steve hadn’t realized that Bucky could remember what he had done even if he was not in his right mind. But again Steve couldn’t say anything ,shame and guilt of not protecting Tony even after he had called out for him was taking over again.
I swatted Bruce's hands away and pushed myself away from Steve and grabbed the glass of water someone was holding out to me,Nat, bless her!I drank the whole thing with all eyes on me.
“I just don’t get it, you break your wrist and ten hours later you are good as new. How is that even fair? My teeny tiny cut is still weeping!” clint complained for the tenth time that morning . Everyone had stayed in the room steve still holding tony afraid to let him wake up alone. The only person who got some sleep was tony, he hadn’t even twitched in his sleep, his fever addled body had finally given into complete exhaustion. He was still pale, his fever still as high as 102 . His fingers clenched and unclenched around Steve’s hospital gown every now and then.
“Nothing , I don’t see why I need one" sighing steve ran his hand through his hair trying to calm himself down.
“Who the hell is bucky?” he said before rahis arm again but this time Steve was ready and caught the fist mid strike. It was an honest struggle for Steve to get the upper hand in the fight , but he was also trying not hurt Bucky and at the same time defend himself from the blows.
“Steve … you have to understand that one clause we made with obadiah is that he doesn’t know any of this and that includes anything about the real you.” Natasha said gauging his reaction .
“I see someone is feeling better this morning" steve told him as he felt Tony’s hold around him tighten.
"Not as many as you would imagine. There was one serious one before the ice. But the rest were more exploratory" Tony's skeptical looks made steve grin
Steve reached into his bedside table pulling out a small bottle and placed it on top of the table. Steve heard Tony’s breath hitch and looked up at him biting his lip just lightly.
“day one of week two , I was captured. I was held in shackles for one week with no contact whatsoever.” He saw Clint frown and continued
“did he hurt you Tony?” He had to know, he wanted to see for himself actually but he didn’t think Tony would appreciate that today.
“Steve you moron, we need you on 66th now. I am so tired of this doombot shit" steve cringed at her language
He hesitated when they got to the car “this is Dr.Banner’s car” Steve nodded motioning for him to get in
"Tony, we are home, you can go back to sleep once we go upstairs and change into something some comfortable. Come on "
“Nat" Steve said the joking aside , his tone now serious. “I need you to make sure Tony can stay in school here" she hadn’t figured it out yet, but she would do anything for Steve.
“oh sweetheart. I wanted you to go with stane because I thought it was safer for you not because I didn’t want you. And trust me when I say this , you are not going anywhere okay, I am not going to let that happen now.” Tony’s eyes lit up as he turned to look at him
“believe it or not this is not the first time” clint said grinning and Steve knew he was referring to the drugged incident .
“No tony I am not, that’s precisely what I am saying. I don’t have any say in this matter” the fight left Tony’s body as he dropped his head into his hands.
She dropped the bot , leaning over to give him a hand and Steve took it gratefully. Hating himself for being distracted so easily. “It’s also dangerous Steve”
“yeah?” Steve could see the glint and pride in Tony’s face as he carried him through the elevator and pressed the button for the basement.
“ask the monkey to hold still” he said instead and pulling the sheet over his feet again only to have Tony to kick it off immediately.
“it also doesn’t explain why howard decided to leave the company in the hands of a twenty one year old when clearly his business partner would be able to handle things better.” Nat said chewing on the end of a pencil. She was right, it didn’t explain why Howard didn’t leave even part of the company to stane.
“Tony eyes on me, sweetheart” he said as he palm his cock firmly and Tony looked up at him reluctantly “I promise it’s okay Tony, it happens to everyone okay? Let’s take this off huh?” he said pulling the sticky cloth down to his knees .
“shall we try the oxygen mask?” He asked bringing it closer and tony frantically shook his head moving away from it.
Steve sighed in frustration and went back to eating his salad as he watched the girls practically skip back to their tables.
He kept it short not wanting to keep tony waiting , it was obvious Bruce knew something was up but Bruce respected others boundaries very well and never pried unless absolutely necessary. He really was glad Bruce was his friend.
“Tony” he tried to stop him but he was a man after all and he was getting very distracted very quickly. But the moment Tony’s shirt came off and he bent down to nip at Steve’s neck , he flipped them around so he was hovering over the teen , Tony’s back pressed flush against the bed.
As I walked into the common room I saw Clint perched on the arm of the sofa blowing on his hot whatever he had in his hawkeye mug. "Hey birdbrain,catch " I said to him as I threw my stark tablet at him that I was holding and watched him spill the hot (tea apparently) liquid all over himself trying to catch the tablet. Perfect aim,my ass. I smirked at his grumbled angry response about me being a man child as i walked into the kitchen to get myself a coffee as my morning was already feeling better after troubling Clint.
He couldn’t see what he was doing because he had Tony positioned on his lap so that Tony’s face was right below his. He pressed the tip of his finger , just breaching the rung of muscles there and Tony whimpered
Bruce gasped as I neared him " Tony! Your arm!" looking down I saw the red blistering mess on my arm, and felt the same burn along my torso. I let him examine my arm, but stopped him as he moved to lift up the undershirt.
Steve laid down on my left side and Nat let go of me. But Steve quickly but calmly put one hand one my forehead pushing my head back into the pillows and kissed me. I forgot what was happening for a moment until I felt his other hand grabbing both my wrists and effectively pinned me down onto the bed. "I am sorry tony, But please honey, we just want to make sure you are okay"
“Steve please” he whimpered as he brought his knees up to his chest and Steve sighed as he put the put the tube down and reached forward the pull Tony closer to him.
“I ll go get us something to eat okay? Why don’t you pick something for us to watch.” He said sliding a control for the TV that was mounted on the wall.
"Maybe three hours" steve sucked in a sharp breath and Tony pulled away from him again wrapping his trembling fingers tightly below the chair.
He made a pit stop in the cafeteria to buy a sandwich and some soda. He didn’t like the way tony looked and wanted to get some food into him asap but just as he entered his class room his heart stopped for a second when he found it empty. Irrational fear gripped him as he went in and out of the adjacent empty classrooms looking for the teen before he realised that he had let his class out early that it was now time for the next class and Steve knew tony had gym after his class.
“that’s okay, I’ll tell you what. Why don’t we do colors? Red for stop and green for good?” He nodded fast like he was afraid that Steve will take back his words
“Taking a bath” the two of them shared a look and they sat down opposite to Steve,  bruce pushing some documents towards him.
Steve was taken back but only for a moment , he sighed closing his eyes for a second knowing he would do anything to make this situation better for Tony.
Turning the corner, Steve ran smack into Bruce , the papers he was carrying went flying around them.
Steve had to distract this conversation before it could hurt him more so he quickly asked “what class do you have next?” Tony checked his watch and hopped off the desk gathering his books and his bag
"Can't let my first time be like this" he said softly, vulnerable. Steve felt his heart tugging as he lowered his hand ,allowing tony to look away again.
“You will freak out and try to break up with me again" he huffed again and well he was not wrong Steve thought to himself but he still tugged on Tony’s shirt to get it over his head because not being able to make sure he was okay had been killing him inside.
“look at me when I am talking to you Mr. Stark" and Tony’s eyes snapped up at the authoritative voice
Steve pulled Tony back a little but the way his head just lolled forward told him that he was currently dead to the world.
Clint placed the oxygen mask around his face and tony scrunched his face up the discomfort obvious and everyone stilled around tony, praying he doesn’t wake up. He didn’t, and everyone relaxed as Bruce placed the lead of the heart monitor on various places on his chest before switching it on. The beeping was loud enough to startle thor and steve , the assassins and Bruce were expecting it though.
Tony ran his hand along Steve’s healing jaw bruise, and sighed “how about you? Are you okay?” he asked cocking his head to the left. Steve smiled , nodding his head yes. “a few cuts here and there , and the obvious shiner. Most of it is already gone” steve answered honestly in hope that tony would also do the same. But after a minute of waiting , and Listening to Tony’s now slightly wheezing breaths it was clear steve was not going to get anything out of tony without a little prodding.
Tony nodded jerkily, he was unconsciously sitting up to see what was happening and Steve let him. He pushed the plunger releasing the liquid and Tony tried to move away ,but Steve held him in place tightly.
The room was tense, not that Steve expected anything less. But it was downright chilled, the centralised air conditioning only making it worse. Steve hated the cold.
“Peggy" he said voice breathless as his eyes scanned the women sitting on Tony’s bed arms wrapped around him and fingers stroking through his hair.
“I am so sorry! I really am , here let me help you” Steve said putting the wrap aside and helped Bruce pick up his papers.
“Tony, shield knows everything.” He said as he turned left out of the parking lot. By the time they reached Tony’s house they were both soaking wet and Tony’s hands were clinging onto Steve’s shoulder his fingers white from the cold.
“If you are in some kind of trouble you have to tell someone, it doesn’t have to be me. But please talk to someone” Steve said softly not wanting to push his luck anymore for the day.
Tony shifted some more and Steve realized he needed something “what do you need?” he asked letting the other hand hover over him ready to help but Tony hesitated but eventually told him
“I want to..do well" he tugged on Steve’s hand a little pulling it closer “I want to do  more than kiss you" he said and Steve smiled at him pulling him closer.
I quickly changed into my nightwear and snuck into bed pulling tony close and turning him to face me just so I could have good look at him. He curled into me sighing in contentment. Maybe he was just tired. That didn't make any of us any less worried though. I ran my hands through his hair, too wound up to fall sleep but still exhausted all the same.
Tony woke up throughout the night a total of six times. Each time he woke up , he would panic and want to remove all the tubes attached to him and Steve would have to gently hold him still as he fell asleep again.
He just nodded his head seemingly not interested and spoke up "So I guess me and Steve are going to be taking this party to a whole new level now" everyone gave him a disgusted look while I blushed and followed him to the car. Well that was one way to say it's time to leave ,I guess.
“did you have your dinner?” he asked Tony as he gently took Tony's hand in his, clipping on the pule oximeter to his finger and a few seconds later the entire room could hear as Tony’s heart raced in fear.
I looked up to see everyone in the kitchen and realised only Clint was absent from their perfect breakfast team bonding moment. "Why is Clint sitting all the way out there on the sofa?"I asked to no one in gave an annoyed scowl before telling me "he knows what he did". Oh well, super spy problems. I looked down to grab a muffin from my plate only to notice it gone!
“The kid has got no sense of hand eye coordination,  what did you expect?” steve froze as he heard the second voice unable to place it.
Tony was wedged in between the small space , he was only wearing a pair boxers which Steve didn’t remember seeing last night.
He realized the mistake he made when his eyes landed on the tiny little puckered hole and the reaction was immediate as he felt himself hardening.
“no , I am happy for you. You seem to be doing well, I know I cant be trusted and that you will never be comfortable with me around him. But for what it’s worth Stevie, he seemed like a nice kid.” He said smiling
“No I want my yogurt. Steve did you see my new heart? Look it’s right here" he said suddenly trying to get the bandages off to show Steve and they panicked a little holding him down , restraining his arms.
“tony you are not five, I don’t have the patience for this . Please” he said his own irritation coming out and that was a bad move on his part because Tony conceded and walked out in front of him with Steve at his heels and the whole way down tony didn’t even look at him.
“If you are not coming , then why are you giving us homework?” Steve was irritated beyond his limits but he bit his lip taking a breath and answering her
“Go to sleep, tomorrow we are going to talk about your insecurities and self preservation instincts.” He said blandly and Tony looked at him expectantly and Steve was fuming internally not understanding what more he wanted him to say
There were sounds of people arguing outside the room, that was rare and Steve parked up as he heard someone unlocking his door and the two other guys scrambled to sit up as well ready to attack.
He mumbled something that resembled "rumlow" and Steve saw red. The wood under his palm cracked and clint patted him on the back to calm him down.
“Okay, hey why don’t you go get me some tissues from there?” he said gently pushing Tony off of his aching, too tight pants. He shifted uncomfortably once Tony’s weight was gone and Tony looked at him his lips quivering and Steve grinned at him
He took quick strides towards him and didn’t bother to slow his movements as he reached down and picked him up, remembering how Tony had said he felt safe when Steve held him like this.
Also, steve didn’t think he could handle seeing her with another person yet , so he had reasoned with himself that not contacting her would be for the best. When steve finally felt brave enough to look up at her, she gave him a warm smile, her eyes crinkling at the corners which Steve realized must have come with age.
“Yeah" came Tony’s response small and doubtful . He hooked two fingers on the waistband and pulled just enough to let Tony’s cock spring out and a small moan escaped his lips at sight.
“Shit I am sorry" he said biting his finger as the red creeped up his skin along his neck and cheeks
“Okay, head home. I want to see you both a little early in class tomorrow.” They nodded quickly shuffling out before saying quick good byes to Tony.
“Now" he left the room slamming the door behind him and he could Bruce’s disappointed look at him in his peripheral vision.
Let me know if there is some situation you guys would like to see Tony and Steve in ,I will try and add it in 😊
“we don’t want Tony for anything, Howard was a big part of shield. And we understand the risk and targets that may very well become associated with Tony because of his father’s actions. All we want to do is protect him, just like you.” Fury retaliated
“Listen,  Mr. Rogers. We really didn’t mean to be drinking yesterday. It’s just that we thought Tony needed us and well it-" Rhodey and Pepper were standing in front of Steve’s table pepper clutching at her backpack nervously . There was still fifteen minutes to go for the class to begin. Rhodey and Pepper had shown up early like Steve had asked them to. Tony stood behind them fidgeting with his phone as they tried to give an explanation.
“ it’s just one floor above us, we will stay right there until you guys come up as well. Please, we have already seen this stuff.” and Tony was looking at him ready to pout , so Steve said “okay but if you guys create any trouble….” They were out of sight before steve could finish that sentence.
his words worked wonders as Tony immediately stilled and said “sorry. I am sorry I am such an idiot. You must be so tired and I am-" his rambling Tony was back and Steve kissed the words off his mouth silencing him
It took a minute for Steve to figure out why the spies were looking at him with an odd expression, waiting for some sort of reaction from him, when it hit him.
They had all switched off their connections to shield base, knowing that their every move or conversation would be tracked by shield.
Food was always the same, oatmeal. He kept thinking about the greasy food Tony always liked to keep eating. Unhealthy but really right now anything other than oatmeal sounded appealing. Tony was going to be so happy when Steve takes him to a McDonald’s to eat a burger as soon as he gets out of here, after the shower of course.
Steve with Natasha’s help got them both settled into the bed again, but Tony flinched when natasha tried to get the nasal cannula back on him.
He was sure Tony had figured out what was coming next because the moment the gown was on, tony latched onto Steve’s hands “I have to pee" he said and Steve let him go because he didn’t want to make this harder than it already had to be
Fury just sighed , and natasha pursed her lips. Clint for the first time had no expressions on his face and this irked Steve even more.
“Tony, stop hey, you are only going to hurt yourself" he tried as he picked up the discarded blankets and trailed after him
“Okay, we need to get him to a hospital. We don’t have any supplies” Steve’s heart dropped as he sat down next Tony’s head stroking his hair.
“Tony showed up at Shield on week two , with a tape that obie had given him saying had been delivered to their mansion. We saw you fall slack from the beating and it ended with , ‘captain America is fucking dead’ written on the screen.”
“if I ever hurt you in any way physically and don’t realize it because of my strength I want you to promise me that you will let me know” hurt and fear flashed through Tony’s face as he gripped Steve’s hands tightly
“antibiotics , saline and electrolytes. We need to get rid of this infection” he said , as he gently dabbed at Tony’s hand inside his elbow with a spirited cotton. He waited a second to make sure tony was still asleep before piercing the needle through his skin. Tony whimpered , yes he actually whimpered , but he didn’t wake up.
“no it doesn’t, stop that” he said irritated voice thick from sleep and he buttoned his shirt up and got off the bed while steve watched warily as tony looked around for something.
I tracked Tony down , he was sitting with Pepper and Rhodey and the rest of the team talking animatedly about something exploding. I walked up behind him and turned him around in his chair to face me "and then the ashes- Steve! I was just telling them about the purple monster we blew up the other day" I waved to pepper and Rhodey and they raised their glasses to me as a quick greeting. I looked back down at Tony and put my hand under his chin tilting his head up and kissed him hard.
“Clint , thor you are sharing a room. “ thor didn’t have to stay at all but Steve had insisted because really team bonding is all he wanted.
“I was worried after you both fought the morning after….” Tony  squirmed uncomfortably realizing that natasha probably knew about the sexual abuse.
“I am actually here for Tony stark , I was hoping he could help me out with something. Only if that’s okay with you though"
“right here” he said as Tony pulled away rubbing his hands over his eyes and Steve pulled them away from his face
Steve closed his eyes taking a deep breath, trying to relax his clenched jaw muscles. Standing up he reached for the sweatshirt and dropped it back on Tony’s lap and Tony moaned at the small friction it created “come with me” he said lending a hand for Tony to grasp.
“Tony , sweetheart do you think I can put this on you? It will help you breathe better ,I promise” he said rocking back and forth slightly trying to calm him.
“you were a little more talkative than usual” he said with a fond smile and Tony’s eyes went wide as he pursed his lips
“Okay, I hope you are aware of the low budget” Steve nodded as he flipped through the notes Phil had brought with him.
“Yeah they did, I am okay. But we need to make sure you are okay too, so can you let the doctors do their job?” Tony only pushed back again looking at him sadly
“sweetheart, I got you. Breathe for me honey" he said softly and Tony’s fingers  fisted in his shirt as he relaxed against him.
“You want me to start an unofficial investigation into Tony stark” he said evenly. Steve was honestly impressed , Steve smiled sheepishly “can I expect the report by tomorrow evening?” Phil sighed and finally looking up “ we already started the investigation, you will have it by morning"
Each of the nurses sat down by our sides as clint explained to them about their bet and that they were to start the draw at the same time.
Bruce was quick to move closer, tony arched his back up away from the bed, "Nat, hold his shoulder down. I'll be really quick Tony, I promise. I am sorry"
“He needs to know we are his new family, until then he is going to have a hard time , but we are already here for him so we won’t let him take a hard fall okay?”
“If I had known that this is all it took to get you all hot and bothered I would have worn it all the time” he said his voice a little more nervous as he finally caught on.
“Because you stormed out while he was finally opening up, he thinks you are mad because he didn’t tell you earlier” well he was mad, he was extremely mad. But not at tony.
“sorry" he said sitting up and looking around and Steve chuckled at his state, he was thoroughly disheveled and he looked like he could sleep for another ten hours straight.
“clint ,come on! You either win win fair and square or lose like the loser you are" I I as rd natasha say , I turned to see clint perched up on his knees on the bed ,trying to give more elevation ,so the blood will flow faster.
“I am sorry,  I am really Tony. Please wake up for me sweetheart” he was aware somewhere at the back of his mind that his voice was trembling and his sight was getting blurry.
"I see you have been eating my ice cream" clint accused eating from the tub directly while Steve wrinkled his nose in disgust.
“This better be important because I am missing something very important.” He stated gruffly as Steve walked them both into his class room gently shutting the door behind him. He didn’t bother locking the door as he knew no one will be coming at this time as everyone was in the auditorium.
“let’s not worry about that now okay?” Steve was really regretting the anger he had shown towards Tony for drinking .
“three weeks into staying here" Steve was trying, he really was but he couldn’t accept what Bucky was telling him right now. He relentlessly argued with his mind that this was not Buckys fault, it was the winter soldier’s. Bucky wouldn’t even look at him at the moment and Steve wanted to shake that look off his face and tell him that it is not on him.
His eyes scanned through the room noticing the junior agents , he pointed to one of them beckoning then over
“Is that him?” Natasha asked pointing to tony subtly with his chin as they both stood casually  leaning against a wall as the students all crowded around the exhibits. Steve wasn’t surprised but he still had to ask
He had been exhausted these past few days, time from Tony had actually given him time to get things done on his end and to get back on track with school work and shield things.
“its bleeding!” he said as he watched the tiny amount of blood and urine flow through the tube. Steve covered him up and pushed him down on his back., adjusting the pillows so he was propped up just enough.
Lifting my legs up on the couch I confiscated most of Steves blanket and he pulled my into his embrace. "So what are we watching?" I asked them hoping it was some kind of romance drama. I loved watching Steve Blush through the sexy scenes.
“Everything is okay sweetheart, you are okay.” He said as he took Tony’s searching hands In his own. Tony whimpered when the door to the room swung open to reveal a frazzled natasha followed by Bruce and some nurses.
“Where is he?” Natasha was buried under what Steve presumed were files they had on stane. It didn’t look like there was much. He knew most of it would be about the company and not personal information about the businessman.
"Tony , he said we should meet him at this bar. He sounded upset so we came and he's a little drunk and we didn't want to take him home like this." He took in a sharp breath, he had definitely not expected this. Especially not in the middle of a very important meeting he was having.
“I know you didn’t draw that conclusion just from what natasha said, please tell me what you are thinking” he asked trying to coax Tony into talking about the fact that he had chosen Bucky over him when he needed him
"All he had were peanuts at the bar" Bruce, you traitor! I made a face in the general direction of his voice.
“rub his palms and soles of his feet – Mr.stark can you hear me?” she asked grabbing his right hand rubbing his palms. I did the same with his left and natasha remove his shoes and socks before doing the same. I stopped for a moment to loosen his tie and unbutton the first few buttons on his shirt. His skin was clammy, and pasty looking. I looked up at the nurse in alarm
She didn’t know what level of sexual abuse they were talking about but if steve was reacting this way then it had to be bad.
“Clint and I had a little bet going on to see who will take the least time to finish their mission. Obviously, I won. Loser does the others report.” She waved her hand off casually like fury wasn’t going to be pissed if he found out that they have been doing each other’s paperwork when they had no hand in the mission.
There was a three week mission waiting for Steve just as natasha had promised. But first he needed to solve his dispute with Tony because he knew no matter how much he needed this getaway it wouldn’t bring him any peace if he left things with Tony the way he did last morning. He hadn’t seen his young lover since last morning and he had been feeling like shit all day. Bucky on the other hand had been very happy to hear that Steve for once would be selfish and do what he needed for himself. He didn’t Often visit Bucky,  but when he did he was glad to see his friend was slowly coming back to himself. There were nights when Bucky would call him and sound so devastated on the phone when he remembered the things he had done to innocent people under the influence of the winter soldier. Steve would ask him he needed him to come over but Bucky never allowed it , he was still afraid of hurting people . He didn’t believe in his own self control yet and Steve needed a way to prove to him that he can.
He hated himself for not realizing sooner, Tony’s pupils were blown and if only Steve had been more patient with Tony he would have realized sooner. He wouldn’t have subjected tony to have to wait for so long with an uncomfortable erection. He was also worried about what Tony meant by rumlow getting handsy.  How far had it gone? Was tony hurt? He had refused to take his clothes off and now Steve was worried.
“He’s burning up, is the wound infected?” she asked as she pulled a fluffy towel over Steve and Tony and only then did he notice how much Tony was shaking in his arms.
Tony fished out a couple of things dropping then onto  he bed and Steve raised him arms a little to give him better access as he laid there watching Tony work.
“Tony" he pried his eyes open confusion dawning on his face as he looked at Steve and then looked around.
I felt Steve squeezing my shoulder to let me know he's off to meet some people. I nodded at him and watched him disappear. Seeing pepper at the bar I called out to her and headed towards her.
“That’s not all bad, it means his recovery rate will be better. His body can cope better" that was valid but this was his Tony.
“so I hear tony really likes history" she said a hint of smirk on those ever red lips that Steve had first fallen for.
"No" he mumbled and Steve didn't want to doubt him so he pulled the teen into his arms and settled down raking his fingers through his hair. Tony was still exhausted, the fatigue was obvious with his slow reflexes and Steve wondered if it might be better to just let him sleep instead of push his obvious anxiety when it came to discussing stane.
“About three hours” he said his voice straining and Steve took a sharp inhale of breath as he realized just how uncomfortable Tony must have been all this while.
“He's been, well for lack of a better word - present” she said blandly and now Steve grinned all the way
“I will not intervene , if you think you can handle it . Do you think you can do something about it before I am back?” Tony nodded his fingers moving to Steve’s shirt and he held onto the material like a death grip.
“I am hungry, let’s stop please” he whined as he stood up shakily on his legs and Steve supported him for a few seconds before letting go.
“You did great sweetheart" he told him and at that Tony almost sagged forward but Steve held him there for a little longer, he knew Tony was not expecting this and he knew Tony was feeling ashamed especially because Steve had told him that this was something he would have to wait for until he was old enough and Steve had to let him know that it was okay before Tony falls asleep worrying more than he needed to. And if it was anybody’s fault, it was Steve’s and he didn’t actually feel all that terrible as he had thought he would. Not after seeing his lover come apart like that.
“Right, I’ll apply for that position as soon as its available. I thought I told you to rest, why are you in school?”
Steve brushed his fingers through his hair and pulled the covers around him snugly and let him sleep , whatever this was he just needed to rest. He wasn’t sure what was going on eith him, he was sick and tired a lot and Steve was feeling guilty for putting all this stress on him. He didn’t need that, he was just a school kid who’s worst worry should have been about getting into college. Now tony was not even passing his classes.
Steve took large quick strides over to Tony reaching out to touch him but Tony jerked back at the touch and his gasping intensified as he shook his head .
Tony whined a little but he held back leaning against a desk his hands fidgeting with the hem of his shirt. Steve pointed back to Tony’s chair “sit, we need to talk” he said as he looked at his watch , he had about ten minutes before the bell rang and Tony had to get to physics.
“I am still obligated to report any incidents to a students guardian.” He said gently knowing how strongly opposed Tony had been to that idea the last time.
He didn’t know how to explain his guilt of doing these things with Tony and he most certainly didn’t want Tony to feel like he didn’t want to do it him.
“not just okay, you are doing really well baby. You can go to sleep if you are tired.,” he told him and Tony looked at him and then the empty room behind him
“okay, that’s fine. Its okay" he said ,but it was mostly to himself and they kept quiet making their way back to wards the team and natasha gave him a questioning look but Steve shook his head ever so slightly and she got the hint.
“There is obviously something bigger going on here. We cant do anything until we figure out what that is" Steve couldn’t argue, she was right ,he had just had the same thought but his chest was raging from anger slashing all the rational thoughts.
“He is sixteen Steve” Natasha said gently, slowly like she wasn’t sure he had realised that yet. Gasping Steve fell to his knees as she took out the last one , the extended arm catching Steve’s face, on his right cheek drawing blood.
“He cannot eat anything twelve hours prior to his surgery, so this evening will be his last meal. Keep him hydrated and make sure he doesn’t stress , last night was just one example of how easily his breathing can get bad.”
“YOU are icky , the water is trying to fix that. Now stay still" he said as he poured water over his head and Tony whined through the entire process. He really didn’t know why this kid was so against taking a bath or shower.
Alarm bells went of in Steve’s head as he quickly pushed away looking at Tony who was unable to stop the tears from flowing.
“how does this friend have such close access to you, does stane know ?” Tony winced again at her tone but Steve was not going intervene as long as it had him talking.
“Tony go to class , I need to speak with bruce" he said trying very hard to calm himself down and with Tony here to remind him why he was so angry it was not helping
Tony had fallen asleep a few minutes into Steve holding him, his breathing steady and deep from exhaustion. His lips ,dry and lacking it’s normal luscious pink, were parted slightly as he slumbered on.
“You should teach spiritual meditation or something instead of history" he said smiling his voice thick and rough from sleep
“No, take off your shirt too ,why do I have to be naked and you don’t” steve sighed as Tony tried to get his buttons open.
“Okay?” he asked trying to point to himself , he was not able to fully focus on what he was saying and Steve knew he was falling asleep again
“we are planning to stay at a hotel for tonight , we should probably get going. It’s getting cold” he said turning to face Tony and watched him nod and he got up from the edge and Steve’s hand hovered in the air just incase he tripped.
“I don’t know what you are talking about," he said and if he sounded a little gleeful then it was hardly his fault.
“I miss him. He’s family and he saved me from the car crash . I owe him my life" steve didn’t think he would tell him but when Tony admitted it he didn’t feel better he actually felt worse.
Steve made them some sandwiches as Tony bought what seemed to be the entire bedding from his room, pillows and comforters and all, reclining the couch he buried himself underneath it all only his toes and head peeking out as he searched the TV lazily finding something that might appeal to both of them.  Steve came back carrying a tray of multiple things and sat it down on the corner table.
Tony was panting, his chest heaving as Steve placed a palm over it , splayed his fingers over the skin and gave him a minute to calm down.
“I’ll wear it only tonight,” he said as they both left the room to meet natasha who was waiting with a packed bag for Tony. The rest of them already had their things at shield. Steve was grateful that shield had the equipment to do this at the base, it would help keep his nerves better than if they were at some unknown hospital.
It was startlingly clear to Steve, everything made sense suddenly, the flinch when Steve had bumped into him, hiding injuries , the panic attacks and not to mention Tony’s no touching policy. Someone was deliberately hurting him, and Steve was furious.
“You showered? How long have you been up? Why didn’t you wake me?” steve knew he was already feeling incoherent and he spoke quietly to him
“Tony, what’s going on baby?” he said when he finally felt his own erection settle enough for Steve to reach out and pull Tony to him and he came with burying his face in his chest and held him tight.
"Okay, I am ready let's go! Happy is already waiting for us with the car. Are Clint and Tasha coming with us or are they driving on their own?" He said walking in dressed dashingly as always finally back with his usual finesse. I couldn't help stop for a moment and take him in. Tony stark in all his glory, and he was all mine. I grabbed his hand as he walked towards me and put my other arm around his waist pulling him in for a kiss. God how I loved this man. "Mm do you have any idea how much I love you?" I said nipping at his lip. I felt him relax in my hold as he melted against me sighing, our foreheads touching.
“I am not sure if I can stay in that room while they are actually cutting into him" steve knew what removing a piece of bone was going to be like, he knew it would smell even worse and to be there while they cut into their lover made Steve feel very nauseous.
“I am going to call the doctors okay?”  Tony sniffled lightly shaking his head “you are hurt tony, they need to make sure-“
“He’s mature enough to handle the Intel Steve, you are being overly protective. Stop being so worried , we are here aren’t we?” clint said throwing something at him to get his attention.
Steve was sitting upright on the bed indian style next to me with one hand across my stomach and another holding a mug with coffee. It was still steaming. I could kill for some coffee right now!
“You with me?” He asked gently shaking his shoulders but all he received was a nod against his chest.
“I am not doing anything” he said carefully and apparently it was the wrong thing to say because Tony fumed at him , huffing he poked a finger at his chest and glared at him.
“Yes , Anthony Edward Stark" there was a beat of silence and his demeanor changed and he looked terrible like he was reliving some vivid memory. Steve reached out to lay hand on his shoulder but before he could the wooden arm of the chair cracked under Buckys grip splintering and Steve immediately backed away giving him space.
Steve couldn’t seem to accept what bruce was saying just yet but he nodded anyway feeling defeated. Thor for the first time , shifted in his place turning towards Bruce “what can we do?”
Steve didn’t know what he had expected , but it was not this ,Tony had been surprising him with his actions all day.
Tony was sitting against the headboard with a pillow behind his back that natasha had insisted upon and a few pillows below the ankle of his injured leg to elevate it. There was a bandage wrapped around his upper thigh that he didn’t stop picking on so Steve slipped a pen in his hand so Tony would have something to keep his hands occupied.
He had wanted to go to Tony immediately but natasha had told him to give the boy some time and space and recover from the grief. So Steve had left him alone for the four hours it took for them wrap everything up. When everything was done, it dark outside and Steve had half a mind to just settle down and just sleep for the next five days. But home was still ten hours away on the quinjet so Steve decided to stay the night at a hotel and leave the next morning.
“Don’t think too hard on this,if there is one thing about bruce I can tell you it is that Bruce is one of the most patient and understanding person I know" she nodded gratefully at him.
"It's not an interrogation, we are only going to talk." Tony looked like he had been caught red handed and he nodded once before turning away from Steve to glance outside the window.
“Okay, but you are not off the hook from this lecture" tony nodded silently and natasha re did his hair properly because she was a perfectionist unlike Steve as she always claimed.
“What?” he asked as he sipped his coffee and all Steve could think was if tony had a heart condition, the amount of coffee he drinks cannot be good for him. He took the mug out of his fingers and pulled him in for a light kiss and Tony blushed pushing Steve away,
“You may have mentioned the fun activity we did on the night of your birthday” tony married to spin around while Steve held him still not allowing him to twist his abdomen and hurt himself.
In one way Steve was relieved because he now knew for sure but in another he was so angry at the moment he didn’t know how much longer he could contain it. He decided the questions can wait as he arranged the pillows along the arm of the couch patting it.
“you developed a chest infection after swallowing the ocean water yesterday, do you want to sit up?”steve asked as he carded his fingers through Tony’s hair. Tony frowned looking down at himself, the monitors , the dress shirt that was still hanging around his shoulders ,the IV .  He cocked his head away from Steve’s hand in his hair looking at natasha and then at Steve “did you drug me?!” he said as the monitors started beeping a little faster and tony ripped the leads from his chest the anger showing in his eyes.
