They talk quietly over their books, and Castiel has a weird feeling in his stomach. This is the first time he’s felt a part of something in
“We’ll think about it.” John finally says, taking his wife’s hand. “Thank you for helping us.”
Dean’s letters have been a lot shorter lately, he barely has time to even sleep, much less write and send a letter. He often re-reads the previous ones that Cas has sent him, as a reminder that he has someone waiting for him back home. He misses Cas like an ache that won’t go away, a different ache from the ones he acquires in battle. Things get progressively more hectic, and Dean spends his days stumbling and scared through the desert, following orders and watching his back. It’s tough out here, the war is peaking and everyone’s on edge. The only question is, who’s going to fall off of it first ?
“Pleased to meet you Dean, call me Garth. Have a seat.”
“I uh, I made it. For you.” Dean says quietly, looking at the ground.
. “I feel as though sometimes the other doctors in this hospital forget that patients are people, and not just a diagnosis.” Cas mutters as he helps Dean with a nasal cannula. “There, is that better ? No more burning sensation ?”
“Something reminded me of…of him.” He never mentions Alistair by name, but Cas always knows who he’s referring to.
Almost.
“You should have been a chef, Dean.” Cas tells him honestly.
Truthfully, he worries for the man, often thinking of him all alone and hunting sharp-toothed creatures in the woods. It keeps him up at night sometimes. Dean’s arm is out of the sling now, but it’s not uncommon to see other scrapes or bruises, and each time it makes Cas’ stomach turn, causes another dark creature to appear in his mind’s eye.
Please see the newly added tags as well as the end notes for possible triggers in this chapter.
“Goodnight Dean.” Castiel says it much too late, to the empty living room.
Time blurs a little for Cas, between visits from Sam and Gabe, work, driving Dean to his therapy sessions…everything is blissfully normal and boring. It’s the middle of 2006 now, Cas is 27 and Dean is 28. Cas is exactly where he’d hoped to be by now- settled down with someone, living in their own house together. Dean is getting better, and he’s working now…he’s happy. He’s happy again, but Cas is positive it’s for real this time. He’s finally remembered everything, and he’s slowly coming to terms with it. He’s working through it, and he’s doing so well. All his years of pain and confusion are over, and they’re on to bigger and better things.
The first night he wakes up screaming, he scares the daylights out of Cas. They sleep in the same room, Dean on the bed and Cas on a pull-out couch.
“I can’t believe Bobby let you take this one.” They start heading toward the Impala, parked a small way up the road.
He sees his coat on the bed where he threw it-he also sees Dean underneath it. Under the covers- at 3pm, on a workday. It takes his brain almost a full minute to process. “Dean?” Dean finally stirs, bleary eyes opening to focus on his boyfriend. He sits up quickly. “Cas.”
Castiel has been waiting a long time for this to come up, and had almost thought maybe it never would. “God created all creatures, and he does not make mistakes.”
Cas doesn’t come to the airport to see him off.
“We kissed. Once.” Dean admits. “Never went anywhere after that. He was in the closet, I wasn’t.” Dean shrugs. He had liked Benny, once, but that was a long time ago and he had since come to terms with it that his friend simply wasn’t ready. By the time he was, Dean was long gone to college.
“Of course not.” Cas knows this is not the time to make any sort of sexual innuendo, joke or otherwise. He helps the taller man to the bathroom, and they decide together that a bath would be much easier. He helps him strip down to his boxers, then turns around to give him some privacy. This is not about seeing Dean naked, and he knows that.
He crouches in front of Dean. “Hey, babe, it’s okay, I’m here now.”
He sees Dean looking at something behind him and he stills. He knows immediately what he must have seen- in the corner of his under sink cabinet is a stack of magazines that he keeps hidden.
Cas drops to his knees. “Oh God…is he alive ?” Dean could have any number of injuries. It must be bad for them to send him home.
Cas feels relief like he’s never known. “Of course I’ll move in with you.” He moves in two weeks later, with his bookshelves and his aquarium and his Backstreet Boys CD’s.
https://goo.gl/images/SXd4Tz
“You ate di-” Sam goes to repeat Dean, but the other man cuts him off.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas’ blue eyes search his until he finally figures it out. He lifts the white board detailing the patient and nurse name off the wall and grabs a dry erase marker out of the drawer next to Dean’s bed. “I’ll get you a real one of these soon.”
“Um...I can't cook.” Castiel confesses.
Sam speaks “Virginia. Thomas is waiting for you, on the other side. You can stop all this, and go to him.” His voice doesn’t even waver, and Castiel is impressed.
“You doing okay?” Dean asks him, glancing in the rearview mirror. Castiel already knows what he is referring to.
“Two years. We’ve known each other for a while though…about four years.”
Both heads whip toward them, and Cas internally panics. What should he do?
One week turns into two, which turns into three and a half. There are flyers for the young boy all around the county, and information about him has been sent out in the police database. Cas and Dean spend their days holding their breath over whether every knock on their door will be taking the young boy away from them.  They know its selfish, but it’s hard to want to give a 10-month old back to his parents who seemingly /lost/ him in the first place. Or abandoned him.
“This is beautiful.” Castiel comments appreciatively.  He sits down in the grass beside Dean, who lays down and closes his eyes. He looks so peaceful and perfect, laying there with a ray of sunlight cast across his face. His eyelashes curl across his cheeks, and his freckles practically glow. And- dammit, why is Cas practically having an internal monologue about how beautiful Dean is ? He’s just a friend, a friend who needs help, not someone trying to hit on him. Cas shuts his thoughts down and lays down beside Dean. It’s nice to have a friend outside of his colleagues- it’s good for him to be able to relax and enjoy the company of someone else. He drifts off, comfortable and content.
"Dean...it's okay, it's okay. Calm down, you're going to make yourself sick." Cas wipes away Deans tears. "Dean. I'm serious, you're crying so hard..."
“Hello, Dean.”
Castiel leads them to his room and en suite bathroom. Sam stays in the bedroom, checking out Cas’ comic collection, while Dean parks himself on the edge of the bathtub.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you.” Dean huffs a small laugh, but his smile fades as soon as he sees Cas stand back up. He knows the look on the dark-haired man’s face by now-fear. He’s seen it when the occasional spider turns up in the house, when they watch a horror film, and when he accidentally leaves the closet door open at night. But none of the aforementioned is currently happening, so Dean sees no reason why the younger man should be watery-eyed and fidgety. “Did something happen?” He worries, placing his arms around Cas.
“I could ask you the same thing. If I recall correctly, soldiers are no longer drafted. You chose to be here.” Cas replies smartly.
It takes Cas a moment to process why the other man is telling him this. “Oh! You would like some help.” He affirms. He sees the flush high on his lovers cheekbones.
long, like he isn’t invisible.
It makes him think of Cas.
Dean stares into the mirror sometimes, trying to remember what life was like before this. He thinks that perhaps maybe time doesn’t not heal all wounds at all- maybe that’s all one huge lie. Maybe instead, time has a way of filling you up with things, other things, better things…You wake up one day and you are a different person, one you never expected to meet. But maybe things were supposed to happen this way. At least that’s what Dean believes. Things were changed for the better, and he couldn’t ask for much more than that.
Porn magazines.
He snaps back to the present as Cas shifts on the bed.
“I have the deepest affection for intellectual conversations. The ability to just sit and talk. About love, about life, about anything, about everything. To sit under the moon with all the time in the world, the full-speed train that is our lives slowing to a crawl. Bound by no obligations, barred by no human limitations. To speak without regret or fear of consequence. To talk for hours and about what’s really important in life. “What can you ever really know of other people’s souls—of their temptations, their opportunities, their struggles? One soul in the whole creation you do know: and it is the only one whose fate is placed in your hands” Dean recites. “Does that mean something to you ? Why is it stuck in my head ?”
After several more hours of investigation and deliberation, the police department decides that the two men may take care of the child until his parents are found. They see no reason to put him in a shelter or foster system quite yet, and having Dean and Castiel take care of him for now seems like their best option. The local hospital donates supplies for them to use, and Mary comes over to show the boys the ropes on how to care for an infant.
“What, Dean ? It’s like 3am.”
“Is Dean alright ?” Cas asks immediately.
Castiel considers himself to be reasonably intelligent, but he just can’t wrap his brain around this.
That’s the last time they see each other before Cas leaves.
He’s a little quieter around the house, but he’s still doing pretty well. Dean tends to stick around home a lot more again, but Cas doesn’t mind. He knows how hard Dean is trying and he’s been doing remarkably well for it just being mere months after his release from Alistair. The one thing that is worrying him is the nightmares that plague his boyfriend.
“It’s been half an hour.” Dean tears at his hair, breathing still ragged.
“I’m almost taller than you.” Sam grumbles, but lets the subject drop.
Dean goes to therapy twice a week for two hour sessions with a woman named Meg. She's snarky, no nonsense, but she gives damn good advice and she listens. She sympathizes when Dean spills everything he's been through, but she doesn't patronize him like everyone else does.
All the memories from his time with Alistair are flooding back, each one hitting him like a bus. They're eating him up inside, burning from the inside out like he swallowed acid. He's been beaten, broken, stolen, stolen from....and he cant escape from it. He wants help, needs it, he just doesn't know how to get it or how to ask for it. He doesn't think he can talk without screaming. Everything stuck inside of him is just bursting at the seams, splitting him open.
“I’ll come see you on my lunch break.”
“I don’t know how.” Cas admits, embarrassed.
Cas ends up drifting off as well, holding Dean in his arms. When Mary comes to check on them, she just can’t bear to wake them, so she cleans up and leaves them asleep. Dean wakes early in the morning, and rolls over to see Cas asleep beside him. He smiles to himself- he could get used to this. He decides to milk it, and curls up against Cas’ chest, pretending to be asleep.
Dean wakes up about 10am, disoriented and confused as to why he slept on the living room floor. When the memories come back to him, he feels the familiar shame and doesn’t want to face his boyfriend. But he loves him, so of course he does. As he approaches Cas, his boyfriend smiles brightly as if nothing is wrong. It doesn’t even dawn on Dean at first as to why he is at home instead of the hospital. “Get dressed, we’re going out.” He tells him, blue eyes filled with excitement that Dean hasn’t seen in quite awhile.
“Me too.” Dean shrugs.
Castiel rolls down the window “Sorry I’m late!” His eyes betray the amusement in his voice at his joke. He’s wearing soft, well-loved jeans with a long-sleeved light blue shirt. He steps out and he and Dean get the car prepped for Dean to do an oil change. Dean offers Cas a beer, and after a few, Castiel’s cheeks are flushed a light pink. He doesn’t often drink alcohol, so he feels pleasantly buzzed as he sits in the warm garage. He soaks up all the sounds, smells, and colors. There’s a few splashes of oil on the cement floor from his car, and he watches as the colors swirl around in the inky black, every so often catching a ray of light from the small window nearby. Dean hums to himself as he works, sometimes making conversation with Castiel. It’s Dean’s voice that breaks him from his reverie now.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas looks around the table, at Missouri, Ellen, Bobby, Jo, and all the other dear friends, and he knows that with this support system, Dean can get through anything. They’re an odd, slightly raggedy bunch, but none of them would have it any other way.
“It’s just a broken radius, nothing more. I’ll be good as new in a few weeks.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean instantly feel horrible. He never thought about what it must have done to his family, he was too selfish. He needs to get better for them and for himself, and leave behind everything he lost. "I'm sorry Sammy. Everything's gonna be okay now, I'm here to stay." He side hugs him and ruffles his hair. "Don't worry."
“How come I don’t see you around at school?” Castiel wonders aloud. He mostly sees the younger Winchester in the library in passing, but he’s sure he’s never once seen Dean. He would remember a handsome face like that.
Cas initiates a kiss, and Dean deepens it after only minutes. His lips glide against Cas’, and his hand wanders to smooth down his arm. He shifts until he’s hovering his body over Castiel’s. Cas smiles up at him with a timid expression. He finds Dean deeply attractive and has thought about him in unholy terms many times, but they haven’t gone further than making out thus far. His previous boyfriend, Balthazar, known to Cas as Bal, had completely crushed his heart. That was years ago now, but Cas would never forget that feeling as long as he lived. Bal was Castiel’s first everything- first love, first time, the first person Cas had ever given himself completely to. He had found out Bal was cheating on him, and when confronted, the other main claimed that ‘they were never exclusive.’ It took Cas months to accept the fact that they were over, and years after that to regain what he had lost to him. He was a stronger man now, but his social and sexual confidence were never quite what they were as a naïve 23 year old.
Leave me a comment if you are enjoying the story so far :)
“Yes, it’s a werewolf.” Dean finishes, sounding serious but also resigned, like this isn’t the first time he’s given this speech.
Cas vomits onto the sidewalk, his body in so much pain that he can’t even feel embarrassed. “I think something’s wrong.” He chokes out. The pain he had been denying all day is now very clear to himself, Dean, and a few bystanders. Someone calls an ambulance. Cas sits down on the curb, still bent over and clutching his abdomen. Dean sits by him, rubbing his arms and trying to keep his own panic in check. Castiel is normally so calm, and soft-spoken, he isn’t used to seeing a more anxious version of him and he’s trying not to let his own discomfort show.
Dean knows that if he were seventeen again, and Cas was a kid in his high school, they would be dating by now. He thinks that Castiel is so beautiful, and kind, and smart…He wishes that they could date, but he knows that is crossing boundaries, even for them. Dean wouldn’t be much of a catch now anyway- an anxiety ridden, nightmare plagued, traumatized freak who can’t stand to let anyone see him without layers of clothing. Just thinking about Cas seeing any more of his scars makes him sick. The worst of them are on his back, which Cas has already seen, but there are some pretty nasty ones riddling his abdomen as well. He’s simply not good looking anymore, and his new personality doesn’t exactly scream ‘boyfriend material’ either.
The reminder shouldn’t sting, but it does anyway, and Dean hunches instinctively, the way he always does when someone questions his lack of magical ability. He knows Sam doesn’t mean it that way, but, well. Still doesn’t stop it from hurting somewhere deep inside a forgotten place in his chest. He opens his mouth to explain, but Cas beats him to it.
“Damn right.” Dean flashes a grin at him, then keeps looking. Cas’ hair is windswept and messy, and the light from the moon highlights his cheekbones so sharply that he looks like he could be a statue. He’s wearing one of Dean’s shirts, an old flannel that he’d tossed in his bag as an afterthought when packing, and the collar flutters against his throat in the breeze.
“Hey, no worries, I was just surprised is all. If you want to watch me make them, go ahead, just give me a little space, yeah? Or you can go sit down at the table and I’ll bring them over when they’re done,” he says, whisking milk and a touch of vanilla and cinnamon into a bowl with the batter. “After we eat, I want to check your head again.” A thought strikes him, and Dean winces, because holy shit, his whole job is being a
knows what he’s doing.
“Right,” Dean steals another fry from Cas’ plate. Cas had absolutely devoured the burger that Benny had put in front of him, as though he’d never tasted anything like it before, but he didn’t seem to be a huge fan of the fries. Which was sacrilege, if you asked Dean. Benny puts the perfect Cajun spice mix on them, just as he pulls them fresh from the fryer, making them tangy and spicy and incredible. If he could eat nothing but Benny’s fries, he probably would. Rolling his eyes, Cas pushes his mostly empty plate closer to Dean, allowing him easy access.
“I don’t talk about him that much!”
Castiel looks at Dean, eyes wide in surprise. Dean shrugs. Rowena is brilliant but intense, and more than a little ruthless, which often takes people by surprise. The first time he’d met her, Rowena had given him a cup of tea that had been brewed with a hex bag. Sam had stopped him from drinking it at the last moment, and Rowena had offered him an apprenticeship on the spot.
He is maybe being unfair in this moment to Dean, but nothing has been very fair to either of them recently.
he sends back, grabbing his wallet and keys to walk out the door. It’s late in the afternoon, the sun already starting to sink towards the horizon as winter makes its slow creep through the seasons; no wonder Sam sent him a pissy text. He probably thought Dean would show up right after lunch or something.
, he can
Sam side-eyes him as they go through the workshop, past a long table piled high with books and a pad of paper covered in sprawling notes. “You’re making me nervous. What’s up?” he says, apprehension clouding his face.
Dean tries to concentrate, the muscles in his thighs starting to burn as he rises up off of Cas’ cock, pressure building at the base of his spine. “Fuck me, Cas, c’mon,” he begs, “please, more, I can’t--!”
It feels like it goes on forever, Cas’ tongue shifting hot and wet inside him, the wet-slick sounds of Cas’ mouth audible over the soft, desperate noises tumbling from Dean. Cas shifts again, throws one of Dean’s legs over his shoulder, opening him up even more and pressing a spit-slick finger to his hole, running it gently along the rim before slipping inside. Dean clenches around it, throwing his head back against the mattress with a groan, his cock hard and aching against his hip.
“Thank you,” he whispers between them, hardly moving his lips. He can barely hear himself, but Cas shifts, looking up into his face, the point of his chin digging into Dean’s chest, eyes half-lidded with the beginnings of sleep.
“Never thought I’d be the kind of guy who goes for long, romantic walks on the beach, but here we are,” Dean teases. It’s just the two of them as they walk, their shadows stretching in an exaggerated line in front of them, twin columns of darkness against the silvery ground in the moon’s light. Every few steps, the tide washes over their bare feet as they step on the compact wet sand.
Shutting the door behind him plunges the room back into darkness, and Dean shuffles forward slowly, trying not to trip over anything. He can make out vague shapes as he goes; when he gets to the huddled lump that is Cas, he holds out the bottle of water and pack of Excedrin he’d carried in, keeping it close to Cas’ eye level so he won’t have to move his head too much. “Brought you the good stuff,” he says, keeping his voice low and quiet.
Dean writhes in Cas’ hold, a flush running down his chest, and he digs his heel into Cas’ ass, arching into him. He reaches up, gets a hand around the back of Cas’ neck, pulls him down into a sloppy, messy kiss, mouths open against one another. Dean sucks on Cas’ tongue, revelling in the low groan that pulls from Cas, rolling his hips as best he can in time with Cas’ rhythm. He feels incredibly full, dick leaking against his stomach, and when Cas runs his fingers up the length of it, he nearly comes right then and there.
After a few moments, Sam opens the door, and Dean reconsiders his unshakeable mood. The dark circles under Sam’s eyes are even more pronounced than the last time they’d seen each other. His skin looks pale and bruised, and he’s lost a noticeable amount of weight. Dean sucks in a breath, very carefully pasting a smile on his face. “Heya, Sammy,” he says, trying to inject cheer into his tone.
“If that’s what it takes.”
“So you’re being sent on a wild goose chase?” Dean asks, raising his brows significantly at Sam. “At least you’re getting paid, I guess.” The taste of cheese is beginning to sour in his mouth. The last time Sam became this fixated on something… well, he doesn’t really want to think about that right now. Not if he doesn’t have to.
He lets his mouth go hot and easy, lets Cas snap his hips forward as Dean fights for breath, and it’s good, it’s so good. Dean swallows around him one, two times, rolls his tongue over the head, and Cas shudders when he comes, says Dean’s name like a prayer.
“Thanks, Patience,” Dean says, giving her a warm smile in return. “Let me know if you have any questions, yeah? I’ll be at the comp if you need me. And don’t get sucked into doing anyone else’s chores, I know you’ve got class in a coupla hours.”
“I like when I get the chance to talk with new people,” Cas continues after Ralph walks away. “And there are a few regulars I am getting to know. Also, my boss, Nora, has a baby that she’s shown me pictures of.”
Easier to be alone in his grief than to allow Cas closer than he already was. Easier to blame Cas than to blame God, because that was at least agency, that was at least Dean
“Yeah. Don’t know how. Both sides of my family had it for generations, some more than others, but they all had it.” A corner of his mouth ticks up in amusement. “My mom had way more magic than my dad, but he still had a bit. Me? Nothing. Zip, zilch, nada. Not even a speck of witch-sight.”
Dean squeezes her back gently. “Have a good night, red. I’ll talk to you later.”
Rowena shakes her head. “No, and unfortunately I can’t really tell you much more. We’re already flirting quite heavily with our NDA at the moment. Please, be a dear and show Samuel how the bloody thing works.” Impatience creeps into her tone.
“You know I don’t understand that reference,” he says, but the lines on his forehead are already starting to smooth out a bit, so Dean takes the win where he can.
an incentive in it for me.”
Dean’s eyes narrow. “Yeah? Is that what you think? You two are the only witches who can take on this kind of power? Who can fix the world, or whatever?”
Cas is huge and searing hot in his mouth, and Dean pulls off with a pop, panting slightly as he looks up at Cas. His eyes are wide as they stare down at Dean, gaze hazy, and one of his hands detaches from Dean’s hair to trace the shape of his puffy, abused lips. The remaining hand urges Dean back down, easy, and Dean doesn’t have to be told twice.
There are still people watching them from the shore, and Dean is increasingly aware of how uncomfortable he is in his soaked clothes. “Well, I’m gonna go… change,” he mutters, wading forward. “And have another beer.” Maybe another two beers. He needs it.
Dean shrugs. “You tell me, dude. I think that’s one of Rowena’s modifications or whatever.”
He cried a couple times, during the first week back, when he was alone and staring at his phone, wrestling between the impulse to call Cas over and over again or waiting for the screen to light up with Cas’ name. He’s done crying. It didn’t do shit.
Cas runs a hand over the ruined hide, his face impassive. Jack squirms in his arms, starting to get fussy, and Cas absentmindedly bounces him. “I can’t wear that again,” he says, voice neutral. “It would… the burns would fuse to my skin, and I’d be trapped in that form forever, in constant agony.” He sucks in a breath, lets it back out again. “Without it, my magic will dwindle once more, until nothing remains.”
in a font more indicative of a law firm than a spellwork shop. Underneath is another, smaller sign asking visitors to please refrain from bringing drinks onto the premises. With a sigh, Dean takes one last gulp from his to-go coffee he’d grabbed on the way over and chucks the paper cup into a nearby trash can.
“Keep it together, Sammy,” he mutters, gunning down the street to Charlie’s place. “I’m on my way.”
He’d taken Cas fishing here a couple of times; taken Jack as well. It was just close enough to the bunker to be easy to get to, but far enough away that it was special. Whenever it was him and Cas, they’d get up early and share a steaming thermos of coffee between the two of them as they sat waiting for a bite, even though Cas had no need for either caffeine or warmth. There would be an almost meditative silence between them, comfortable and easy as birds sang in the trees surrounding them. They’d talk sometimes, but never about anything difficult. Those quiet moments were too precious.
Dean laughs bitterly at that, and confusion flits across Cas’ face. “Sam’s too far gone, man,” he says, swallowing around the lump that appears in his throat.
Sam scribbles down notes as Dean talks, nodding along. “Okay, great. What’s the second screen for?”
Castiel takes a breath, looking at a point over Dean’s robe-clad shoulder. Tries to ignore the wild beating of his too-human (at this point) heart. “Apparently, it may be somewhere in the bunker. It’s black, the handle shaped like a skeleton. If you can find it and figure out how to use it, perhaps you can find a way into Death’s library.”
, drizzling a bit on his fingers before leaning over Dean again, pressing their mouths together in a heated kiss as he pushes two fingers inside with no preamble. Dean moans, can taste himself faintly on Cas’ tongue, a little sharp, a little bitter. Cas eases his fingers in and out of Dean with slow, deliberate movements, opening him up a little more each time. He pauses, strokes inside of Dean, the tips of his fingers tagging over his prostate, and Dean would jackknife off the bed if Cas wasn’t holding him down.
“You don’t know me,” Sam says to his back, voice seething. “You think I’m just some stupid junkie. Fine. We’ll see if I accept your apology when you figure out I’m right.”
Sam makes a face at him. “Don’t let her hear you say that, or she’ll turn you
Dean’s heart sinks. This might be a dead end. He doesn't know where to go from here.
goddamn stitches in his leg, some butterfly bandages would’ve done the job just fine, thank you very much) he realizes that Cas has missed the start of his shift by several hours.
. Inside of me, I mean. Like a well running dry. I don’t know, it’s odd.”
“Hey--” he starts, but Cas cuts him off.
He rushes down the hall, stumbling into Rowena’s office, hoping against hope that someone is in there. Maybe this was a robbery, and she and Sam were knocked out, which is why Sam isn’t answering his phone.
as the sun arcs through the sky.
The words cut through Dean’s tension like a knife and he slumps forward, pressing their foreheads together. “Yeah?” he asks, pressing a light kiss to Cas’ mouth.
“It kinda is,” he says, a choked, bitter laugh bubbling up out of his throat. “Sammy is… he’s strong. He’s
Swallowing faintly, Castiel nods. “Yes. I know my name but nothing else. Dean found me yesterday morning, in an alley near his work.”
Dean sighs. “Yeah, same with me. I guess this big project has still got him and Rowena losing their minds, but they’re both really into it.”
Cas lifts his head, and Dean can’t really see his face, but he thinks he glimpses the beginnings of a smile. He mumbles, “Thank you, Dean,” and takes the proffered items. After a moment, he hands the water bottle back to Dean and turns his face down again. “Give me a moment,” he says, muffled, “and then we’ll leave.”
“Your guess is as good as mine.”
Dean laughs, more relieved than he’d like to admit, and says, “Yeah, go clean your shit up. I’ve got movie night anyway. Later, bitch.”
Cas crosses the room and sits down next to him, letting Dean lay his head in his lap. His big hands automatically come up to card through the strands of Dean’s hair and Dean turns into him, hiding his face in Cas’ midsection.
“Indeed.” He takes a deep breath and lifts his head again. “Okay, I’m good. I just need my phone and we can go.”
. “So you think you have to do this alone?” he says instead, his voice wavering somewhere between anger and disbelief. “You decided to just slip out of the bunker and, what, disappear again? Go on a fucking quest by yourself to figure something else out or die trying?”
The door hinges whine a little bit as he pushes it open, reminding Dean he needs to oil them soon. And then a messy head pops up from the couch, eyes squinting blearily in his direction, and, oh shit, right --
. I have eyes and a brain, Dean. I know a sure thing when I see it.”
“Who says you’re leaving?” Dean frowns. “You’re still injured, not to mention concussed. I need to monitor you and make sure I didn’t miss anything, or make sure nothing gets worse. If you wake up before me, feel free to help yourself to whatever’s in the fridge if you’re hungry, I guess, but I’m not gonna kick you out or anything.”
A secret between them, just for now. Just until Dean can figure out how to stop being a coward.
“Exactly,” Rowena interrupts him. “While the residue still within Castiel is a bit more substantial than a shard of bone, I cannot simply track down the source it was taken from and slot it back in. It would be a long, complicated process that would, most likely, do more harm than good.”
“Yes,” Castiel says, spreading his hands before him in supplication. “So I have to find another way. I’ve already watched Jack die once; I can’t do it again.”
The cottage Cas found online is about an hour’s drive out of town, nearby the South Carlsbad State Beach Park. They drive up the coastline, stopping a couple of times at overlooks along the way; Cas is mesmerized by the sight of the ocean, his eyes watching the shifting waves like he’s trying to memorize some pattern only he can see. “It’s incredible,” he says, his voice awed. “I don’t know if I’ve ever been to the ocean before, but it’s like I’m seeing it for the first time right now.”
his brother can’t see him.
Dean lets out a tired chuckle, the first time he’s laughed in days. Charlie’s always been able to get him to do that. “It’s fine, Charlie. I’m too tired to get into another fight with Sam anyway.”
Sam looks at all of them with tears in his eyes and drops the orb with the spell in it, and Chuck crushes it in triumph. “Sammy lost hope,” he crows, and Dean grits his teeth.
“Sam’s still there. Once we get closer, I can try to pinpoint an address.”
He’s too far away to do anything, but he has to
Cas considers this with a sigh. “I suppose you’re right.” He crosses his arms and looks around the room, like he’s trying to figure out a particularly difficult problem. Maybe how to get out of this conversation.
“You willing to take both me
“He’s your brother, Dean. And he’s a good man. He’ll do the right thing if you ask him to.”
“Shuddup.”
Nothing happens at first, but as Rowena keeps chanting, Cas’ mouth drops open, just enough to see inside. And then twin pinpricks of light appear in the center of his pupils, growing incrementally larger and larger, turning his irises an almost unearthly shade of blue. There’s also a glow coming from inside his mouth, Dean realizes, the same as the light in his eyes, like it’s in Cas’ throat and about to spill out. The light glows brighter and brighter, filling Cas’ mouth and his eyes with a brilliant white light that’s nearly unbearable to look at. Rowena is chanting louder and louder, voice swirling around the room like it’s no longer hers to command, and Dean realizes with a start that unnatural tears are streaming down Rowena’s cheeks -- she can’t tear her gaze away from the light beginning to pour out of Castiel.
Dean folds himself into the seat next to the window, gripping the armrests so hard his fingers ache. “We all have our vices, Mr. Binge-Watches-Netflix-Until-Two-A.M.” He’s proud of the way his voice only shakes a little bit as he delivers that calculated burn.
“Hm.” Cas must agree, because his hand slips into Dean’s underwear, taking a handful of his asscheek and squeezing firmly. Breath stutters in Dean’s chest, and his lungs feel like they’re burning as one of Cas’ long, thick fingers press against his hole, the dry pressure suddenly all he can focus on. Cas’ other hand is there too, suddenly, tugging at the waistband of his boxers, and Dean struggles to lift himself up enough that Cas can pull them down.
Dean frowns. He tries to dig his fingernails deeper into the meat of his palms, but the pain remains muted, even though he can feel blood dripping to the ground. “What are you doing?” he demands, because that has to be what’s happening -- the Empty must be holding him somehow. He can’t even move, his feet stuck to the black nothingness that surrounds him, like he’s trapped and drowning in tar. His lungs struggle to draw in air.
Sam hesitates, eyes darting to the side before he looks back at Dean. “For now, at least, yeah. I do. But what we’re doing, it’ll pave the way for so much more.” He sucks in a breath, his stance hardening. “I’m being practical here. I’m doing what needs to be done. Just, please. I just need you to trust me.”
He’s ignored dozens of phone calls from friends at this point. Charlie is about three seconds away from blowing up his phone with her unanswered text messages. Even Benny, who barely even turns his phone on, has called Dean half a dozen times at least. Dean’s let them all go straight to voicemail.
His thighs are still trembling, and he’s going to be aching tomorrow, but fuck, this was exactly what he needed.
“Just some eggs and pancakes,” Dean answers. Cas is so close he can feel his body heat against his bare shoulder.
Dean offered some apologies and a few sly smiles as he followed Sam. By the time they had reached the table, Dean had picked up a beer and began moving his head to the beat of the music, a blend of rock tunes.
His truck was parked in the corner of the lot across the road. Lights nearby made the blue hue of the old truck look lighter than it was and the small dents and dirt was painfully obviously. It took three tries to successfully get the engine going and Dean noticed just how disheveled he looked in the small rearview mirror. His face was covered in a fine layer of dirt that had settled in the lines of his face and his three-day old beard made his face look much older than he was. He was only 27 for Christ’s sake.
The moment only lasted a moment before the yelling started to escalate to a more intense level. Getting to his feet, Dean offered a hand to Castiel who accepted. Pulling Castiel up, Dean turned to Jimmy and the drunkard and went to step in between them but was abruptly stopped.
A hum of agreement came from Castiel but nothing else.
“Well,” Dean said, now resting his arm on the top of the door, his other hand in his front pocket, “I can’t help you there, but I can help you get to wherever you were headed.”
Green eyes met blue and for a minute Dean wanted to run himself over with his truck.
Not skipping a beat, Dean responded. “Of course, it’s past midnight.” Setting his coffee cup in the sink, Dean and Castiel said their goodnights and both headed off to their rooms. The rooms were on the same hallway which caused Castiel and Dean to walk the same way to get to their rooms. The awkwardness was there again as one walked in front of the other as the halls were narrow.
Taking a deep breath to keep his annoyance from showing, Dean navigated through the large room to stand in the doorway of the office to see his little brother, Sam, reading from a large book full of small notes and highlighted areas.
As Dean was turning the key in the ignition, he suddenly realized he never introduced himself.
“Your favorite patron?” Dean had a grin on his face, always happy to banter with Jimmy.
The light that reached his room blinded him. Or was it his headache? He couldn’t tell nor did he care, really. He laid on his bed wearing the same clothes that he had on yesterday, minus his boots. Struggling to find his belt’s clasp, he was able to pull it off and relieve the pressure it had on his abdomen. Groaning, he slowly lifted himself up.
“Meh? What the hell is that supposed to mean?”
Rolling his eyes, Sam closed the book, stood up from the desk and moved to put the book back on the shelves that lined the wall behind him.
“Who are you?” Castle said in a gruff voice.
All Jimmy could do was offer a smile, and as he walked around the bar to start cleaning, he clapped a hand on Dean’s shoulder and told him goodnight.
“Nope. Just asked to bring you to him. He didn’t seem angry, just, meh.”
The chill of the night was welcomed as the warmth of the bar room made it almost uncomfortable in his clothes. His feet ached from his boots that were almost worn to the point of no return and his denim jeans and shirt had reeked of the earlier day’s work but now smelt of cigarettes and sweat. Untucking his shirt, it took all of Dean’s power not to curse at something. There was a noticeable difference between the tucked piece of his shirt and the other half that faced the dust and the wind of the day.
Dean turned so that he was leaning against the bar but facing Castiel. Castiel was looking at the room of people, seemingly trying to take everything in at once.
Scrambling to come up with an answer, his thoughts were disturbed by the sound of liquid splashing to the ground and a horrible squelching noise.
The courtyard had not changed since his departure. The flowers that lined the stone walkways were in full bloom and varied in a number of colors and sizes. A large fountain sat in the middle of the courtyard and from its center was a tall pillar that used to hold a clock, now broken. Who knew how long it had been like that. The walkways that lead from the center lead to different parts of the castle. The gardens, stables, knight’s quarters, and cemetery could all be reached from following the paths here. Everything was connected.
A knock on the door made Dean look up towards the clock. It was almost 8 a.m. With no response from the prince, another knock sounded from the door and a small voice accompanied it.
Rolling his shoulders as he walked, Castiel let out a tense sigh. He could rest for a while, he would have to. Being back at court added a new list of priorities he would try to fit into the many he already had. After two flights of steps and turning a corner, he could see his room’s door, the second to last door on the right.
Leaving the rocky outcrops was a constant worry in the late spring and early winters. The constant rain showers made mud slides common and lost men and supplies even more common. There were no forests in the south here. There were fields upon fields upon fields which abruptly stopped at the mountainous lands. Fields harbored peasants and farmers that worked until night fall and came back to life at the dawn’s wake. They looked like ants from the highest attainable bases on the mountains.
Turning to face the voice, Castiel smiled. There was his friend Daniel who he had went through training and most of childhood with. Daniel was a simple looking man with pale skin, brown hair, and brown eyes. The best description would be plain. His physique as a knight would be the only point of interest he had. They embraced for only a second before Daniel fake gaged.
“Home sweet home,” Castiel mumbled as he looked around his room. It was just as he left it. It was a simple but sizable room. In one corner was his bed with a nightstand which held extra candles. There was desk in another corner with papers neatly stacked and a bookcase next to it. Two large closets were against the wall that held mostly the same clothes with the occasional formal wear, which he rarely wore. Two large windows allowed for light to enter the room and warm the room in the winter with the aid of the fireplace. A large wooden table with detailed legs stood in the middle of the room. Castiel had tried to get it removed but it couldn’t leave without being disassembled; so, it stayed. The fireplace seemed to almost be as old as the castle. The inside was black from the years of use and accumulation of soot and burning wood.
“No, your grace, it’s-“
“According to His Grace, it was a…dire circumstance that he left the castle. He made haste to leave the castle this morning.”
From across the room, Jimmy replied back a quick response but Dean had already zoned out. He needed to get home.
“No. He wants to go back to school. ‘Get an actual education,’ is what he said.” Dean took a sip of the coffee. Wincing at the bitterness of it and remembering the arguments that happened after Sam’s decision to re-enroll in school.
“Sir Daniel Vargas, you are dismissed.”
“More like a new tire.” His voice was deeper than Dean and was almost as rough as the road.
Still taken aback from not being able to prepare in advance Castiel started, “Your Highness, I don’t-“
Putting his hands up in defeat, Dean backed off.
A perk his room had that some didn’t have was a smaller room connected to the main room. This room housed a bath, mirror and extra storage.
With a face of discomfort, Dean asked his question again. His hand seemed to clutch at his stomach.
“Look, from where I stand, you can either catch a ride now or who knows when someone willing to help might drive past here. It’s up to you.”
As if almost on cue, lightning streaked across the sky illumination the surroundings revealing the threatening clouds that were hidden by the night.
The commander had gotten a head start but it wasn’t much. He could catch him, he was a good rider and everyone knew it. The knight would have to first dismiss his company, clean up, write up a report, and report to his father on the day’s excursion. The prince would skip all that and head straight to the commander. Perks of a royal.
Despite his father being a hard ass, Dean always trusted him in the long run. Because of him, both Dean and Sam had made it this far but Dean still wondered sometimes what would life be like if he didn’t lose his mom, what type of family they would be now. Not dwelling on it long, Dean headed behind the barn to grab the wheelbarrow and pitchfork. He had plenty of time to think as he cleaned out stalls and got feed ready for the afternoon.
“Evenin’ Jimmy. The usual this evening but make it a double.”
Castiel was glad he had a normal doorhandle, no obsidian. Feeling a small smile on his lips, he quickened his pace and pulled out a small key. Inserting the key into the lock hole, he could feel a small click and was able to turn the handle.
The wind has started to pick up and dirt stirred from the ground making small sounds against the metal of the truck.
“Leave us.” Within minutes, the last noble walked through the entrance into the foyer and the king and Castiel was alone.
“Or have you had an unexpected outing you would like to tell me about? Leave us, Sir Castiel. I believe me and my son need to have a discussion.”
Inside the throne room was calm compared to the foyer. A number of Lords and some Ladies were scattered along the room in small groups. All Castiel ever heard from them was gossip on who had an affair with who or who would be married off next to an affluent family.
“Mr. Winchester, can you hear me?”
It took all of seven seconds for Dean to turn around. Dean pulled behind the truck so that he was out of the way of any oncoming traffic. Getting out of the truck, Dean made his way towards the stranger.
Taking a deep breath and holding his head high, he started to stride upward towards the castle on the hill. A few glances were tossed his way but no one tried to stop him.
“Good. I hope they aren’t too worried. They were expecting me much earlier today.”
“I don’t even know. I can’t feel my legs as of right now.” Dean picked at his food, trying to find some type of appetite.
Surprised by the question Dean looked up.
Dean put the leather notebook under his bed so that if it’s absence was to go noticed, it could not be easily found. Crawling into bed, Dean kept thinking back to what he read and those blue eyes that caused him so many questions.
Groaning, Dean leaned against the kitchen counter, hands in his face.
Castiel had a dark, long-sleeved button-up shirt that was tucked into his pants which were held into place with a belt, not that he needed it. From the flashing lights, Dean could see a shine coming from Castiel’s hand. Gel? He looked much different than the man he picked up on the side of the road. That person wasn’t who he picked up on the side of the road nor the one in the kitchen that night. The man who was in front of Dean was collected and self-assured. Dean almost could not recognize him in this setting.
“Normally, people shake hands when introducing themselves.”
The prince took a few steps towards Castiel and his mount, hands clasped behind his back. The closer the prince got, the more of his features Castiel could see. He would be slightly taller than Castiel if they were next to each other. The prince’s eyes were what caught Castiel off guard. They were as green as the jewels that adorned the prince’s crown and reflected the light as the fields do in the morning. His hair was cropped short and was a simple brown. Freckles lined his face in all places, a few on his cheeks, his nose, the tip of his ears-
Mrs. Johnson let out a sigh.
With the disguise of false confidence and a bright smile, there wasn’t much anyone could do to make him stay, except, well, tell him father. But that was not an issue here. His father was in a meeting that he would be stuck in for the rest of the day. The perfect timing often presents itself in mysterious ways around here.
“Dean. My name is Dean.”
Castiel knew better but he held the gaze.
“You know Sammy isn’t going to step up. The only weight he pulls around here is that damned bookbag filled with those books. I need you to do better. No more of whatever or whoever the hell you were doing last night that kept you from coming home.”
The sky had started to change from its midday shades to shades of oranges and dark reds when they approached the castle gates. They had made it through the city’s busy streets filled with people closing shops. There had been rumors of people missing and reappearing ‘different.’ Castiel had scouts on the lookout but there has been no concrete proof of such things happening, only words of mouth.
“I’ll go fetch a nurse to help you.”
“I don’t care who you were ordered by to be out here, unless it was from my father’s own lips or the gods above. Do not intervene in my business until you can successfully finish yours.” The last sentence stung Castiel’s pride and heart as all he could think about was the bodies that would never be found or the families who would never receive closure.
Dean and Sam were able to make it to Jimmy’s just as the live band had started their set. The smokiness of the room caused Dean’s throat to be dry and eyes to slightly water. Jimmy’s bar was packed to the brim and the small dance floor and seating area melded together. On the far side of the room, a small group of people were waving the brothers over.
Cursing under his breath, he headed straight towards the throne room. His father would always be there to receive reports and news, one of the only reliable traits his father had.
“As if.”
The dirt paths leading out of the fields gave way to gravel roads. Now he could see clusters of houses and animals fenced in pens awaiting slaughter and storage for the following winter. Many houses were made of brick or stone to help keep the inside insulated and heated. There were a few that had to rely on wood, straw, mud, and prayers to get through the colder nights. Even in the poorest of the poor they could find something to look up to when they always had to look down. It inspired Castiel weirdly.
Stepping away from the knight, the prince had found his smile and turned back towards to people who watched quizzically. Castiel’s eyes were glued to the ground.
Stopping himself from saying something that might get him shot, Dean took his arm off the truck and took a step back. In the back of the truck were suitcases and other luggage.
Now focusing on his father, the prince replied simply, “Of course I have. I only thought to let you know of my whereabouts.”
Castiel was quite taller than the knight he directed his questions towards. To answer them, the knight had to incline his head. To say the sight the knight saw was intimidating would be an understatement.
Pushing open the door, Daniel lead Castiel inside. The large foyer held numerous servants walking to unknown destinations and the pair of knights only earned a few glances. There were numerous candles lit and hanging from the ceiling were 3 large chandeliers, two towards the back of the foyer and one above the entrance they just came through. Torches accompanied the candles and lined large staircases leading to the upper parts of the castle. Despite the many people talking and walking, there was a lack of echo. The quiet always made Castiel somewhat unsettled. Quietness often lead to something unpleasant in his line of work.
“What’s on your mind? Trouble with the coyotes? Or your family?” Jimmy leaned against the bar in front of Dean wiping his hands on a once white rag that had seen better days. Jimmy was the only one in the town it seemed that could keep secrets considering what he dealt with on a daily basis. His appearance was short and tan from his younger days working as a herder as a younger boy which gave way to wrinkles on his entire face. Gray hair and the lack therefore of it showed his age quite well.
“Yeah, if lavender was the name of a rotting flesh.”
Heading back down the stairs, Dean saw that Sam had migrated out of the office and into the kitchen and was making himself lunch.
Dean could feel Castiel’s hands on his back and his body close as they pushed against the crowd. Each time Castiel would exhale, Dean could feel his breath on the back of his neck. Hairs on his arms stood on edge despite the heat emanating from the room and Castiel’s hands. Not making much progress, Dean and Castiel stopped their advances. The crowd was getting larger and the argument more heated. Dean tried to look in between heads and gaps to see what was happening but to no avail.
The next time he came to the noisy world, he was in the eastern part of their land, moving the selected cows for pick up by Kent. Kent was a ‘special’ person, as many would say. He would always wear a sickening smile when he was seen in public and always seemed too eager for a pickup. He was older than Dean but younger than his father by quite a few years. Hair slicked back and an all black attire made Kent out to be more of a funeral director than a beef-cattle packaging company.
The prince just laughed at the response. His breath was foul with alcohol.
“ If I hear one more ‘Your Grace’ or ‘Your Highness,’ I might just throw you out the window. Granted it’s not a far drop, the rose bushes would still hurt.”
“So, do you come here often?”
Dean walked towards the stairs which lead to the upper levels of the house and his bedroom. As he was passing his brother’s line of vision, Sam offered a shrug, his books now back in front of him. Using the railing of the stairs as leverage, Dean pulled himself up the stairs. The wall was lined with photos that ranged from family members, family dogs-which many had passed- and scenic pictures of the surrounding area. Stopping just near the top, Dean took one of the pictures off the wall and held it in both hands.
“The prince never mentioned an opposition fro-” before Castiel allowed the knight to finish, he turned his horse towards where the prince was standing. He was now off his horse and talking to the town’s people. Everything in Castiel’s being was pulled taught as he could feel the wrath of the king radiating from the castle. Approaching the prince, Castiel addressed him.
"It’s been bugging me ever since I had that…
Grabbing his drink and drinking it in one go, Dean put his head in his hands. The whiskey burned a familiar path down his chest until it pooled into his stomach, offering Dean a sense of comfort. Seeing Dean’s passive demeanor, Jimmy decided to change the topic and slid a small bowel of peanuts towards him.
Outside the foyer was a large portion of the nobles who were dismissed earlier by the king. They all eyed Castiel as he opened the door and exited the throne room. Nothing was kept a secret here. Some would bore of waiting on the king to be open for court again while some would stay and listen to what the two family members would say. Everyone would know by week’s end.
The sun hung lower in the sky once Dean had finished up in the barn and there were no clouds in the sky. All traces of last night gone except from his memory.
Castiel's horse threw his head from the unexpected pressure at the bit. Giving a small apology in the form of a pat on the neck, Castiel loosened his hold on the reins. They were now making their way through the fields, almost back into His Highness's direct jurisdiction. His council controlled the areas surrounding the castle and the adjacent areas and reported back to the king, to get his orders on what new law or tax to collect most often. The king very rarely left the castle. In all of Castiel's 25 years of life, he only saw the king leave twice.
A flash of fear crossed the prince's face before a practiced smile took over. Cas could only curtsy so fast to both prince and king before walking as fast as he could out of the room. He could handle a lot of debates and discussions; but the king’s and prince’s arguments were notorious for being explosive. He could deal without them.
“Whatever you have on draft, Jimmy.”
I apologize for any typos or if something doesn't sound right. I may edit this later on.
Letting out an exasperated sigh, Castiel let go of Daniel and motioned to himself. “I thought I smelt great. Like lavender.”
“Nope. Hope you don’t mind getting a little wet tonight,” Dean said, a grin on his face.
”Change your mind?”
“Ya know, that land just east of yours just got bought a about a week ago. It was tryna be kept quiet since ya know what happened, before it went up for grabs. Apparently, they’re renovating the place.”
“You’re going to have to cut
He eyes strained to focus but he could see that on the dresser near the door, a candle holder and picture laid on its side. Making his way over there he realized he must have been more drunk then he realized for him to knock over items. Turning around, he scanned the room to the best of his ability. Seeing nothing else out of place, he decided to do something about the stench that came from his breath.
Now standing, Dean used the furniture in his room to support him as he navigated towards the bathroom. His room was much larger than others, as it would for royalty. His large bed laid in the corner of the bed with a canopy so that if he was lucky to sleep in, he could use it to block the sun. The floor was covered in rich carpets that matched the curtains that hung in front of the windows. Bookshelves and desks lined the walls of the room with secrets Dean never cared to figure out. The colors of the room were not that of the royal family but that of light blues and grays. A large table sat centered in the room with papers and maps strewn across it.
Dean put his mug down and extended his hand to the shocked man. “I think a proper introduction is in order. Dean Winchester, your new neighbor.”
He had a couple of cuts that bleed for only a moment. No one could notice unless they got to close and Castiel wasn’t the one to allow just anyone to invade his personal space. His image in the mirror was blurry from the steam produced from the bath condensed in the small room. He could tell from his image he wasn’t in top physique condition, but his muscles still had definition and after a few weeks of being at the castle, he would be back to his formal condition. Tracing his hand over his abdomen, he could feel the gently raised skin of a large scar. Dropping his hand, he exited the room with a towel around his waist.
His ride back from the village was one of the least pleasant experiences he has had. The sun was in his eyes, his body ached from his armor, the prince’s smart remarks-
The thought of mentioning the prince in his report would be worthwhile but he’d rather not have a pissed off prince and an unpredictable king at his back. The prince could wait.
“Of course. You drive safe and be careful. If you ever need
"It wasn’t important at the time.”
Hearing that, Sam let out a scoff. “Won’t be long? You use to curse the idea of having to make that trip, now you’re gearing up for it months in advance. Make it make sense, Dean.”
Curious as who could have left the note, Dean grabbed the piece of paper and went back into the main room. The writing was not the neatest but was legible. Using the light from the windows, he was able to read it.
Sam said something to his friends who had gathered and he followed Castiel and Dean out of the bar.
In the photo was Dean, Sam, his father, and his mother. The picture was taken almost 15 years ago when there was still the four of them. All four of them were positioned in front of the house on the front steps, Sam and Dean standing in front of their mom and dad, their parents with their arms around the boys. Sam still had his ridiculous hair and surprising, Dean’s did not look that different. Each boy had their face stamped with freckles and innocence before their time of the farm and their father’s change of character. Their father not only
Dean reached the bottom of the stairs and went towards the door to go outside.
A gasp came from those closer to the center of the crowd and Dean could make out from the gaps of heads and shoulder that the drunkard had Jimmy by the collar and had a finger in Jimmy’s face. Dean cursed and started to struggle against the crowd to get closer. Castiel saw his struggle and aided him in pushing him forward, hoping the force would break the human fence that began to grow in ernest.
“So, how well do you know the Johnson’s,” Castiel asked Dean.
Dean couldn’t contain his laughter. Castiel looked down at his feet trying to hide his embarrassment, a shy smile on his face.
“With all due respect, Your Grace, please do not talk. Your breath reeks and I do not care for vomit to be on my person.”
By the time he had returned to the city, it was almost night and merchants had left the streets in fear of smugglers and thieves. He couldn’t go in the front gates; he would be spotted easily and word would reach the castle quickly. He would need to use the passage the peasants used to enter the market place to try to sell what little they had at a higher price.
They had loaded the suitcases and as they were entering the truck, he answered.
“Your Grace,” Castiel curtsied the best he could and turned his horse away, towards the city limits away from the fields that started to shined. ___________________________________________________________________________
He pressed a kiss to the back of her head, gave her shoulder another squeeze and turned to help a new customer figure out the book they were after from the colour of the book jacket. Claire gestured to the back door and took the bag from her grandfather, leading the way through the back of the store and up the connecting stairs to the apartment.
Jack flashed her an innocent grin, then pulled into a gas station.
But then he had a better idea, one that Dean might appreciate more when he was already watching a wedding-related movie. Castiel slid under the table, and crawled as quietly as possible over to the mud-caked boots and sagging denim that Dean insisted on wearing. Castiel managed to avoid making contact until his head was level with his lover’s crotch. He reached for Dean’s belt buckle, and the hunter started, looking down below the table.
“I want to be there when she wakes up,” Castiel insisted.
“That’s just Gabriel and Balthazar.” Kelly grinned. Jack leaned over at that moment to interrupt.
“She would have just wanted you happy, Bear.”
'What's Uncle Sam doing here?'
Castiel had knocked softly on her bedroom door when he had finished closing the store, and slowly pushed it open. Both girls looked up from their books, their body language already in tune. He smiled at them shyly.
'A tonne of things in common?' Dean asked skeptically. 'Garth, she grew up in an orphanage, she legally emanicpated herself from the state. Junior was always with you and Bess. All they have in common is that they're about the same age.'
“It’s cool. Their vibe is pretty strong. I’ll text you later, okay?”
“Charlie decided on that name. She likes Harry Potter.”
Castiel gave him an indulgent smile as he took his bottle, and then gave Sam the answer he was still waiting for.
“There is, it includes coefficients and percentages and divisibles. It’s thrilling.”
was the one who left her mom to get sick and die all alone and
“You know you can talk to me any time you need to, right? My door’s always open.”
They climbed out of the car and headed up to the apartment, where Dean was singing along to one of his vinyl’s as he stirred something in a pan. As tired as Castiel had looked moments ago, it was like he had just drained a quadruple espresso just looking at Dean. He strode over and hugged him from behind, and Claire helped herself to a glass of juice.
“You said Dean walked away first, but he’s been fighting to get back with you, Cas,” Gabriel said softly. “Why do you think he walked away?”
Emmanuel didn’t argue, but went with Castiel along the pathway to their houses. Castiel could feel the relief seeping in as Manny left the confusing mass of Dean’s siblings’ emotions.
“Not going to happen. Do they know we got married?”
“I didn’t want it, I swear,” Castiel kept his eyes firmly closed, his face buried in the pillow, as though by not actually watching Dean’s face, he could stop it from hurting so much. But he could still see Dean’s expression, could feel him warring between confusion and compassion and a hint of frustration. He answered the question on the tip of Dean’s tongue, throwing the words out as though he could get them as far away from himself as possible. “They summoned me back to Heaven. They gave it back.”
There was more kissing, and Claire wriggled out from between them, dashing to her room and leaving them to it. She picked her phone out of her pocket and saw a text from Alex, bidding her goodnight. She quickly texted back, and included a selfie where she kissed at the camera, and got into bed, listening for Dean and Castiel. There seemed to be nothing but quiet music playing, and she wondered if Castiel was setting Dean straight on what he was actually asking for. She fell asleep before the music stopped.
“A gentleman doesn’t kiss and tell,” Castiel called over his shoulder at them.
She refocused on her breakfast, and blanked Dean. Castiel took a cautious seat next to him, and Claire heard the kiss they shared, the way their lips smacked against each other. She ate the rest of her food as fast as she could and went back to her room to throw her shirt on and grab her schoolbag, before reappearing in front of the lovebirds.
“Yeah. Sam thinks I’m obsessed, but you got to treat a beauty like Baby real good,” he caressed the dashboard.
“And I appreciate that, I do. But sometimes I say yes and I’m not sure.”
for the chance to see his father. And now Castiel was the favoured angel, the second in command, God's right-hand man. And Dean had no idea why.
“Dean,” she giggled. “I’ll still be a little girl.”
“Okay, so how do you tell them apart?” Adam interrupted their conversation as the rest of the Winchesters gathered around to meet Castiel’s family. Dean ignored the question.
“So, no birds or trees tonight?” Dean grinned. Castiel shook his head.
“What? Didn’t catch that.”
Claire fought the urge to gloat as she scooped up her winnings, and carried on eating her donut. Dean got up to start making dinner, Jack helping him out, and Claire began to pack away the cards. She picked up Dean’s hand, and Jack’s, and looked at both of them. Dean had a full house, Jack had a royal flush. She looked over at them, at Jack peeling potatoes and Dean mixing a sauce together, both completely harmless domestic jobs. But she knew they were both taking pity on her for the whole situation with Alex and the cheerleaders.
“Yeah, I’d better wait for my aunt. She works over there.” She nodded at the diner. “See you at school.”
“That’s the spirit!” Castiel beamed. Claire didn’t bother to correct him.
“You tell me.”
“He was bad at the voices,” Claire whispered conspiratorially. The girl giggled as Claire scanned them through, and gave the parents the pricing. They swiped their card through the machine, and Claire handed them their receipt. They swapped pleasantries as they left, and Castiel looked at her once they were gone.
"Are you okay?" She asked quietly, hoping that all the adults they were travelling with weren't listening in. He squeezed her fingers gently.
“So you can sit up?”
“If you want me to drive, just say.”
“Right. Great.”
Mary looked at Castiel briefly.
She didn’t know how beautiful she was, how tiny and delicate she seemed, how much her angelic powers seemed to radiate out of her. Yes, she seemed tough and unafraid, but Junior had been wondering for a long while how much of a front that was. He was even more convinced now that her attitude towards him had changed, and in the last few days, she had seemed even prettier, and sweeter, and more patient. Much more like the tiny toddler that Junior remembered meeting back when he was an excitable three-year-old.
Claire blinked, and sat back in her chair.
'That's ass! This Castiel guy-'
She walked through the bunker, looking for Gabriel, eventually finding him in the room with the suit hanging up, sitting the wrong way on a chair as Castiel sat on the bed. Castiel smiled up at Faith as she walked in, opening his arms for her to walk into. He seemed awkward with the motion, Faith noticed, but she knew affection didn't come naturally to him. He was making the effort for her. So she walked straight into her mom's arms, snuggling close the way she'd imagined doing a thousand times in the orphanage.
Sam and Castiel had ended up in New York. More specifically, the New York Library. They were pretending to browse the shelves while trying to spot someone who could be Flora, the next antichrist on Castiel's list. The building was fairly busy, and Sam was having misgivings about how they could handle destroying Flora. There would be so many witnesses. Even if they encouraged her to leave with them, someone may get the wrong end of the stick. Castiel didn't seem too worried by the presence of other humans, he seemed almost bloody-minded in his need to remove her, whatever the cost.
It had to be real. Castiel’s imagination wasn’t that good. And yet here he was, not chasing the man he loved, not doing anything about it after Dean had poured his heart out. There was so much unsaid, so much still to work out, and yet the marquee was full of people, flowers, and expectations.
It had been a while since Dean had had anyone - definitely since Lydia had shown up one day and demanded that Dean take responsibility for the results of their one night stand and left Emma with him - and he had never really been fussed whether he hooked up with guys or girls before that.
“He heard I got you and went for the consolation prize.”
“I hadn’t been at the school for very long. Dad and Mr Winchester are really good friends, and I wasn’t getting on with my dad at the time. It’s complicated. So Mr Winchester thought maybe if he took me somewhere to talk up my dad, it would help. We were playing mini golf, making smack talk, I was kicking his butt. And some other kids from school showed up and made some stupid comments, and it got to me. Mr Winchester was just trying to make sure I didn’t do something I’d regret. He wouldn’t have touched me otherwise.”
“Have you gone off stubble? You used to mention that all the time with Fergus-”
'By name only. Cassidy, Flora and Max. But there are signs I can look for.'
“Yes. Of course. She’s my best friend. But she broke up with me, Jody. She made me keep it quiet that she got kicked off the squad and then it’s my fault she got punished because the teachers still thought she was part of it.” She folded her arms. “It doesn’t make sense to me.”
. That he was doing her a favour, and not the other way around. So what did Stevie do to Dax?”
They stared at each other for a moment, and then Claire ran her spoon through the milk in her cereal bowl.
"I think I actually remember that."
The rest of the meal passed without incident, though Claire was still aware of the server lurking nearby, serving other tables and trying to get close to their table on various pretences. She concentrated on her food, and her girlfriend, and tried to pretend he didn’t exist. Luckily Dean and Castiel - and Sam sometime through their entrees - were all watching him and keeping him away. Eileen dropped Alex and Jody off first, and Claire walked with them to the front door. Jody went inside to check on her other foster kids, who had apparently spent the evening being watched by a friend of hers who Claire was yet to meet. Alex lingered on the porch steps with her.
“Ye-yes,” Castiel cringed his way through the stutter, and explained himself. “Dean mentioned you were all going and I thought it might make up for me scheduling an appointment beforehand.”
“I need that in writing.”
Faith turned slowly around.
“Okay. I’ll go back to your house.”
Mary - the six-year-old - padded out of her room at that moment too.
“Okay, I’ll talk to her. I hope your nose heals soon.”
“You weren’t so bad, Dean. A little stick-up-your-ass sometimes, but you could be a cool brother.”
Patience blushed, and tried to sit up straighter.
“Dean, stop. Don’t take it out on her. You’re mad at me.”
'Who's that?'
'It may have been as long as the incident with Balthazar.'
“I can’t wait.” Castiel gave that adorable smile. “I’d better go to sleep, Dean. Miss you.”
Jack laughed, and Claire smiled too. She didn’t know what Sam would talk about in his speech, but it couldn’t be that bad when they were both professionals. It would be Dean who was more likely to embarrass Sam than the other way around.
She shook her head.
It's the second-to-last chapter. I feel I could have done this better. But I guess this is what happens when you write a chapter while waiting for registration to start for the convention you're attending. I wrote this a few days ago. And in the meantime, I saw Garth (and Mr Fizzles! We may have recreated the scene with the little girl in my photo lol, he got excited by the idea) as well as the Ghostfacers, the Campbells, Samandriel ...
“You won’t be able to come back from this, Dean. It’ll fuse with your soul, they won’t ever separate again.”
'Come back to me, okay?' Dean whispered, and Castiel nodded seriously. Dean turned back to Garth, Junior, Fath and Gabe. 'Let's go.'
“Well, you won’t.”
“Just walk up to that door, okay?”
Castiel stopped walking, wavering slightly where he stood. He pointed a finger at Dean, misjudging slightly and poking him in the nose.
'Sam has them, he'll bring them up in a second. He was showing Dax.'
“What happened?”
“How’re you doing?”
“I thought you were spending time with Franklin and Moira?” he said gently, cupping her head with one hand and wrapping his other arm around her shoulders.
“No one cares. Go prep for model UN.”
“Are you coming in or what? I thought this was what you wanted?”
'Is this the Impala? The car?' Dax asked as Sam put it into drive.
'No, you would wear them. And accessorise with polka dot leggings and bright pink tutu's. I'm sure we have pictures somewhere, right Dean?'
“Not really. I still want him. But he would have texted me by now if he wanted to know, wouldn’t he?” Castiel looked up at the intricate coving on the ceiling. “I guess a lot of people used to marry for position rather than romance. It makes sense, doesn’t it, a Novak and a Masters?”
“Intercourse,” Castiel’s voice was rough from growing anxiety. He felt like he had made a mis-step, like they maybe shouldn’t have had sex yet. Maybe now Dean wouldn’t want to know.
Castiel still didn’t answer. He didn’t know what to do, and he could feel the world collapsing onto him, a pressure he wasn’t sure he could bear. He looked up at the sky, hardly focusing on the idyllic blue sky and small, fluffy clouds. Instead, he thought how he had brought this upon himself. He paid Dean, he had never had the relationship he had been pretending to have. And now he was committed to marrying his friend, and he had to move on and accept that the only one to blame was himself. He would keep the statue of Dean’s mother somewhere prominent as a reminder that he had done this to himself.
“We’re leaving now,” Gampa told her. “I wish this visit had gone better.”
'Yeah, we are. Faith, were you raised in a barn?'
“So let’s go look at the towns around here. See what there is out there.”
“Alex has been through a lot,” Jody nodded, as though she knew what Claire was trying to say. “But I’ve never seen her as happy and calm as she is with you.”
As she walked out of her room and over to the kitchen area, Dean looked at her and raised his eyebrows.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, now, we know what’s got to happen going forward, and these cocktails aren’t going to drink themselves.”
“And if he does?” She pushed.
'I woke up, and Bear woke up with me, and we tried to creep around Uncle Sam so we didn't wake him but we didn't do it so good and he woke up anyway. And Uncle Sam said we should get breakfast, so we went, and Uncle Sam made me toast and helped me with a jigsaw puzzle like we did at Garth's house. And then Daddy came in the room with Mommy, and Mommy came to help with the puzzle.'
“Sweet dreams, Dean.”
'Think of it this way, he's not the messiah for humans, this time. He's something much, much bigger than that.'
“Are you both still mocking me?” Castiel moaned. “It’s bad enough Claire keeps watching this Strange Things show when I’m in the room.”
“Dean,” Castiel gave back, pulling him closer. It was sweet how loved up they were. “Two of my older brothers, Gabriel, and Balthazar.” For his husband, he gestured at which brother was which. Balthazar was the one to talk about shagging parents. “Neither of them are Jack’s father.”
'You won't be saying that after two days with my Faith.'
“Are they all old songs?”
'Don't be such a dick, Cas. I'm her Dad, you're her Mom. That's it, that's basic. And you screwed up, because you refused to be with her and you didn't give me the chance. You kept us apart Cas. No wonder she's hating on you so badly. I used to call out for you, man, I used to wish you would just be there. Not the way you were, not just visiting and keeping your distance and only talking to Sam because I was such a damn embarrassment.'
“Uh, sure.”
“That was my impression also. Come, I’ll get you your contracts.”
There was a loaded pause, and Claire waited for Dean to talk about his mother some more. When he didn’t, she looked up at him, but he was staring down at her, the gathering dusk not marring that expression, the one close to pity.
Mary looked at Dean, who smiled back at her as he pulled Castiel into a hug.
“Thought you’d disappeared on me,” Alex said bashfully.
“Voulez-vous coucher avec moi, ce soir?”
“Hey Cas, happy Christmas Eve.”
“Cool, I’ll come look later.”
“I won’t keep him out all night. It’s a school night.”
“I have to go,” Alex muttered. There were scuffling noises, and then the door opened and closed once again.
“You wanna know? Fine.” Claire snapped, and Castiel turned away from the food, ready to interrupt if need be. “It’s Alex’s date, with that guy I pushed. And she wants me along to keep his friend company and there is zero interest, okay? I’m going because my best friend asked me. So she’s with Devon, and I’ll put up with his friend Ben and you can stop.”
'So, what's in Philly?' Dax asked as Faith drove along the open highway, willing the camper van to go anywhere near sixty.
She fought the urge to turn and look at Junior, and stuck her chin out instead.
“Deal.” Claire grinned back. “So, we’re still good?”
“Your dad won’t freak out if he walks in on this?”
This story completely absorbed me to write it, merging my love of Ancient Greece and my excitement on discovering this way of life in that era and the wonderfulness of Dean and Castiel. If you would like to explore any of the sources I used in building this, below are the different websites, books, podcasts etc I basically inhaled as I constructed the story. There is also a glossary of terms for some of the Greek I have used – my spellcheck is about to hate me as much as it has for the entire rest of the story now!
“Nearly. Who are you.”
“Oh. Cool.”
Alex sighed, and patted Claire’s knee.
“Mmm, same. Donna can back off.”
“Idjit means you love me!” Claire grinned and waved as she reached the sidewalk and headed off towards her house, the route between the bookstore and Alex’s place now memorised.
'Yeah, my whole family wears them. It's part of our church.'
“There’s a cruller fee,” Claire winked. Dean sighed.
He gave her shoulder a squeeze.
'Sorry Sam. I needed her destracted.' Castiel waved a hand, and Sam gasped, knowing he was able to talk again.
'My dad doesn't sleep much, my mom doesn't sleep at all, and Mom can hear thoughts.'
"You know, I'm heading for Purgatory anyway."
“No, I was just already mad at you.”
They hadn’t won the trip to Paris. Castiel had made a decent bid - anything to get more time with Dean - but clearly he wasn’t the only one gunning for it. The moment it was announced was the first sign that something was wrong. Because Dean yanked him over to the winner, and started trying to talk the guy into handing it over despite Castiel’s inhibitions. Castiel tried to quietly explain to him that he could easily pay for them to go and it would probably be several thousand dollars less, when another of their bids was called. A villa in Greece. Dean had been urging him to bid twenty cents and he may have lost track of what he actually put forward.
“I knew he wasn’t nowhere near good enough for you. If I didn’t think you could handle yourself, I would have dealt with him years ago.”
“I hadn’t thought of it like that,” Castiel mused. “I just know you miss her, and this is where she is now.”
“What, you hate Cas?”
Castiel rubbed her arm softly.
They both got up from the bed, and Alex threw her arms around Claire, who held her back tightly. Alex didn’t say a word, didn’t make another intimate gesture, but pulled away from the hug after a few seconds and disappeared down the apartment stairs. Claire walked out and found her father in his favourite solo position, reading a book and drinking a glass of wine. He looked up at her as the front door opened and closed.
“Hey Castiel. Dean’s in his fitting right now. He’s pretty cool.”
“Thank you,” Castiel said eventually. “I didn’t know people even knew of me for you to find out.”
Faith nodded, and Dean helped her into her sleeping bag, before he resumed stroking her hair, trying to lull her off to sleep.
The first room he ended up in was clearly the room Faith had been using. There were a few feathers scattered, molted from her wings. Her hip bag lay on the bench beside the bed, like it too had been forgotten in favour of her parents. Dax searched quickly through the room, hoping that Dean would have hidden the money there, that he trusted Faith enough for that. But there was nothing, not even a measly nickel, so he snuck out, shutting the door softly behind him, and creeping over to the next room.
“Jack’s responsible, Dad. And Auntie Kelly’s going to be around too. We’re not going to be alone for long.”
“I’m not going to give anyone else a chance.”
“Duh, Dean. Besides, he’s not my type.”
The door creaked open, and Gabriel stuck his head in, raising an eyebrow.
“Balthazar touched you. I don’t blame you. I’m not happy with him.”
“Yeah, is that a problem?”
“There was a block on it. None of your messages went to Dean, none of his got through to you. Did you not ask each other why there was radio silence? Or call him? You would have found out much sooner.”
“It’s not my fault that Cas isn’t local.” Dean answered Claire. “But it’s not like we’re not going to come visit, or have you guys over.”
“Do you ever sleep?” Claire greeted him. He looked at her with slightly squinted eyes.
“Are you going to be home alone?” Eileen asked. Claire had forgotten that she could speak, she’d been so quiet while Claire had argued with Sam.
“She feels guilty.” Claire deflected.
“Kevin, I’m going to be spending the day with Dean. It’s probably best if you go back home. I’ll make my own way back later.”
'Hey girlfriend. Let's get you cleaned up and sorted out. You stink of booze and BO.'
He left the room laughing. Claire would never admit it out loud, but it was kind of nice to hear.
“Yes. Of course you are, Dean. I was on the committee, you were the artist I nominated, but after that it was a cake walk. We all had to look at each artist’s work and rate them separately. You won by a mile, Dean. You earned it.”
'New ste- Faith, Cas is your mom, I thought you knew that? And yeah, I'm mad at him, but over you, Faith. What's your excuse?'
“Sure you are. You sassed me in my studio.”
“You’ve had a rocky few years,” Dean noted. “I was scared I was going to lose you.”
“Have you seen him this morning?”
Claire merely nodded. She was glad he wasn’t pushing for Dean to attend those already. It was nice, sometimes, to have Castiel’s undivided attention, to talk about the old days before their world became so fractured. Her father had a great memory for the things they had shared, for her old tastes and how they had developed.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Gay bar?”
“Dad?” She asked while he was still chewing. “I want to be homeschooled.”
“Yes, one of my fathers was mortal, but given immortal status for his knowledge. You know my story?”
“I may regret giving you these, it’s horrible timing, but I owe you them, and they might help take your mind off what’s happened.”
“Hey. Sorry, I kind of got carried away on my latest sculpture. Give me fifteen minutes to clean up?”
Kaia shrugged.
“Cas?”
'What's wrong with Krissy?'
“You should have walked away when Gabriel was talking to the waitress,” the double informed him.
“Hey, are you okay?” Someone asked. He nodded, not looking around, still concentrating on regulating his breathing. He could feel it working, calming him down. He just had to focus, and not think of the possibilities. He heard the sounds of the person behind him walking away, and had a moment of panic again. What if that had been Dean? He turned and looked, but the man who was now halfway down the road had hair that was too long to be Dean’s, and he was too thin, too wiry. Castiel went back to controlling his breathing, and tried to give himself a stern pep talk.
“Of course you do, Cas.” Kevin promised. “Oh, sorry. I’m used to Dean saying that. Castiel.”
“So, instead of trying to save what is left of Thebes, of seeing what has become of my Castiel, I have to meet this minor god? No disrespect to either of you, but I just want to-”
But it wasn't over yet, Castiel had insisted that they take her into her old bedroom, to see if that was going to trigger any memories. And even though she knew the second she walked into the room that it was the kind of room she loved as a child - and definitely one she would have wanted in the orphanage - something still felt off.
There was an awkward laugh this time, as though people weren’t sure that Sam was making a joke.
'Anyway, I can't stay with you until the baby's born. We've got somewhere to be. We'll just make sure Junior's okay and then we'll carry on. And Dax is a long story.'
“Because it’s true. And because I care.”
“I don’t know, Manny. He helps look after his half siblings, but then I couldn’t leave you. Would you be willing to move to Kansas?”
“Yes.”
“But I think I know, I think I know now. Happiness isn’t in the having, it’s in just being. It’s in just saying it.”
'Faith,' Dax said quietly. 'You're not coming in. Send them away and we'll talk.'
The nervous man, Chuck, stepped forward, scrubbing his beard as he thought. Claire wished she were anywhere but in front of these men, being forced to discuss this when she could barely kiss her girlfriend. She didn’t want to tell them anything, about Dean and her dad, or Alex being her girlfriend, or being ace.
Faith shook her head.
Claire’s eyes almost opened just at the tone of Dean’s voice.
“I won’t get fired, will I?”
The tone was one of surprise. Had his brothers really been that oblivious to his anxiety in recent years?
Dean nodded, gently lifting her up, careful not to touch her wings, and supported her back to bed. He helped her get comfortable with the wings spread out, and tucked her in.
“Look, my mom died a couple of years ago, I didn’t know my dad. My aunt has been raising me but I get these really crappy nightmares. I have a tonne going on, and this is one thing I have the chance to control. Don’t you get what that’s like?”
Claire trailed her spoon through the cereal and milk, watching the ripples it created.
“I first met Dean at the Braedens, I thought you knew that? It was only at the golf club that I realised perhaps he was there on your request. Do you really think so little of me, Castiel, that I would try to control your happiness?”
“You look like a Macaw,” Dean informed him.
“And whatever you want to do Claire, I’m right beside you. If you want to come clean about us, or want to cover for your dad or whatever, I’ll support that.”
“Beer,” Dean answered automatically. “For both of us.”
“And you always knew that?”
“We’re not ready for that. I think we should stick to mutual ground for now … that sounds perfect. I can’t wait … okay, night.”
Faith shook her head.
“Yes. It’s just that you looked exquisite, laying in the sunlight like that. I needed a moment.”
“Ew.”
“Feelings suck,” she said, her voice muffled by the pillow.
Castiel didn't answer straight away, though he continued stroking her hair gently.
“It’s not worth it, Dean. Save your anger and frustration for the battlefield.”
He didn’t respond, looking up instead at a poster that was meant to inspire students to be better, but just inspired Claire to grab a Sharpie and make adjustments. She was trying to mess with him, because it was weird, two brothers on the same faculty. Tall Mr Winchester was her annoying English teacher, the other Mr Winchester was the principal. They didn’t look alike, past the brown hair and green eyes, but the rumours had reached Claire in her short time at this school that they were brothers, and they still lived together. Some of the kids thought they were dating too, but Claire didn’t see it. She tried a different tact.
“Maybe it is. Maybe you’ll miss her companionship. You don’t want to be isolated while you’re being homeschooled either, you might miss her more than you realise in the next few weeks. And I know you know your own mind and you’re smart at making decisions but I’m just saying, it’s good to leave the door open.”
After eating dinner, and Castiel scrutinised Claire’s face for at least half an hour, he and Dean went out to finalise some more details for their wedding. Jack had gone to his room to FaceTime his mother, and Claire found herself wandering around the house, at all the things Dean had grown up with.
Faith rolled her eyes, and bit down onto her burger, refusing to talk for the rest of the meal. Dax understood that she hated that advice, and she just needed a little bit of time to sulk. She threw down a few dollar bills as soon as her last fry was gone and stood up, Dax running to keep up with her as they crossed the parking lot. Faith climbed into the driver's seat and Dax sat in the passenger side wordlessly, letting Faith put some Hadouken onto the music system and pounding out her frustration. He waited until they had put a good fifty miles between the diner and themselves before he turned the music down and approached the topic.
“That sounds reasonable. May I look around, or will you show me some pieces?”
‘Come. You have an appointment.’
“Of course it’s okay, Cas. That’s the deal, right?
Dean turned to Chuck, still holding Castiel close.
'Never mind.'
“I don’t know. Bowling?” She smirked. He looked puzzled.
'So how did you even come across the Winchesters? They're meant to be dangerous.'
“Claire, what happened yesterday?” He asked gently. “You told me last night, you can say it again now.”
“You know what, Cas? I hope you’re happy with her. I really hope you are. I hope you enjoy all those boring networking events together. And I hope that you remember that however much you spent on me, you still couldn’t buy a friend. Four million dollars, and you’re in the same place you always were.”
“I’m my dad’s best person.” She corrected.
“Um,” Castiel sat up, instantly cooling the mood. “No proclaiming to gods, please.”
Dax made it into Diagonal, Iowa, after he managed to sucessfully hitchhike in a truck from the outskirts of Lawrence. He'd been texting with Stevie once he was a safe distance from the bunker, and no longer feeling like Sam was shadowing him everywhere. He headed over to a non-descript house on the outskirts of the town, one of the detached houses in an overly manicured street, the typical gloss of the suburbs almost saturating the air. He climbed the porch steps and knocked on the panelled front door. It creaked open almost immediately, and he stepped forward, into the darkened house.
“I was getting the same crap at school. We’re in this together!”
'It's not my real name?' She sounded surprised, shifting her head on her pillow.
“I don’t expect you to get it. I’m not saying I don’t want her in my life, I’m not saying it was a bad thing. But I love her as a friend and when we were dating I was trying to change myself to make her happy. I think we’ll both be happier as friends.”
It was one of the good points about her father that she was learning. He was trying to respect her boundaries and her need for freedom. She was finding it harder to blame him for things when he had written every week without fail, even if she only just got those letters.
She had been there for maybe twenty minutes when she heard someone walk up the wooden steps into the gazebo and stop, clearly looking at her. She tried to cry silently, which just gave way to hiccups, and she was mad at herself to giving in to the pain.
Sam snorted with laughter and walked out of the room, Eileen not far behind him.
“No. Mr Ketch already confused you for Mary’s father. It’s better that I do it.” She stood up and left the room, and Dean looked at Castiel, who was watching him with a steady gaze.
She turned to face him, and he gave her a small smile.
“You bet your ass I did, boy.”
“All the best marriages are.”
“Fine. Want a drink?”
“Almost as big as you finding out what the cosine is. Or whatever.”
“Are you okay?” He asked her. She turned her head on the pillow, and saw him leaning on his side, looking at her with a concern that seemed ancient.
“Night, Dad!” She called into his bedroom.
Castiel. Yes. Hello.
“Dork.” She crossed the apartment and started pouring herself some cereal, before taking a seat at the breakfast bar, watching him pour through the papers. “What are you even doing?”
“I wasn’t joking earlier by the way. You do have amazing hips.”
“What did Luke say?” Dean’s tone was still gentle. Castiel still didn’t want to answer him, didn’t want to have to say the words that would hurt Dean too. They hurt Castiel enough as it was.
Castiel turned the compress over, putting the cooler side against his skin, and considered where this conversation was going. Dean hadn’t reacted horribly to the news, which would have been a bonus even without the mark’s influence.
“You know, the Impala won’t make Boremelia interesting.”
“Eleven pipers piping?” Dean checked.
“Are you really prepared to marry a man who’s hung up on someone else?”
He heard Dean’s amusement, knew he was considering what he had once told Castiel himself.
'You just killed someone, Faith!''
Castiel looked back at Becky and shrugged.
“I’m sorry, did that shock you?”
“But Cas? It’ll get easier. I mean, it’s not the best feeling in the world, but you have Dean. That’s not changing. That’ll make it easier. The way Sam makes so many things easier for me,” she smiled again, and Sam kissed the crown of her head as he walked past. Castiel could see her point. Sam had gone from not liking Becky, to being completely averse to her, to tentatively dating her, to now being so in love that it didn’t matter what Dean thought. Sam was with Becky. Maybe there was hope. Maybe he would never be Mary Winchester’s favourite, but he was still Dean’s, and that had to be enough.
Dean worried about him? It was difficult not to swoon. Castiel couldn’t remember exactly what he had lined up, but it was all the same kind of thing really.
“That was you?”
“Oh, like, is he covered up? Yeah.” He pushed a button to start the machine, and Claire doubled back into her father’s bedroom. Like the kitchen and living room, there was little evidence of their lovemaking from the night before, and Claire was grateful. She still sat on the covers on what must have become Dean’s side of the bed. Castiel blinked the sleep out of his eyes.
“I know we’re keeping this to ourselves, but it was so hard not to hold your hand at school,” Alex spoke quietly, threading her fingers through Claire’s. “I’m so glad you’re my girlfriend.”
Everyone else was quiet, watching her, and she heard, very quietly, her father say, “Go on, Bear.”
'Castiel? What's going on?' Dax asked softly. Castiel barely paid him any attention, staring hard at the girl in his arms.
“I thought the only people who talked like that were pretentious chefs on cooking shows?”
“Happy pride.” Castiel beamed.
She knew Dax would work out what she'd done when he woke up. She hadn't expected him to rat her out to Krissy. With Krissy calling her back to reality, she realised she was several stories up in the factory, balancing on a small wooden plank that served as a plinth over a huge void. How long had everyone been watching her? Had Sam finally listened, and let her get on with the task of actually vanquishing the ghosts, to hell with his endless reading? Or was this some kind of test she was failing? She faked caution as she turned around, looking down at the first floor, where Sam was standing not far in front of Dax. She would never admit to Sam, whose thoughts were so loud in her head, that she could read their expressions perfectly well from her position. Dax was scared, but Sam was pensive. She could hear his judgement behind his poker face.
“She’s had a tough few years,” her father defended her mildly. She scoffed again as she stomped up the stairs to the apartment. Her father was always calm and non confrontational. It was irritating, and when Claire was having a hard time he made her feel like such a colossal dick with his soothing tones and restrained way of speaking. She vented her new frustration on the front door, giving it a kick before opening it up, and then slamming every drawer and cupboard door she could find, stomping on the ceiling the entire time. It took him ten minutes of her banging around the apartment to finally come up. Charlie must have been on a break. He stood in the doorway and watched with those clear blue eyes while she continued her tantrum, eventually giving up and, feeling foolish, flopping onto the sofa. And then throwing the cushions onto the floor.
‘Who better than an archangel, right?’ Gabriel snapped his fingers, and Castiel found himself sitting in one of the winged armchairs anyway. ‘I heard you’re human now.’
“You were funny, that first day. I was so nervous. You’re so much more attractive in real life. And so much more complicated, passionate and thoughtful. And you can pretend you don’t put the same thought into your work as other artists, but I know that’s not true. I’m sorry Dean, that I didn’t let this develop naturally. And I know you probably don’t want to try again, but I would give anything for one more chance.”
Emmanuel nodded slowly, and followed Castiel into his house, straight up to the bedroom. They looked in the wardrobe for something that Castiel had that came close to matching, and dressed. Castiel tried to flatten his hair down into Emmanuel’s neat style but it didn’t work well, so Emmanuel mussed his hair up in a good approximation of Castiel’s tousled locks. They looked at themselves in the mirror as Castiel tucked his wedding band into his pants pocket, and satisfied that there were no obvious difference between them, they returned to the strip of beach on the island. Dean had moved to the shoreline, his shoes off and jeans rolled up as the surf curled around his toes, but at a call from Gabriel he turned around and approached slowly, fighting a smirk. Everyone else held their breath as Dean looked between Castiel and Emmanuel while he approached. Castiel fought the urge to look at Emmanuel, tried not to make eye contact with Dean. He found himself looking directly at Dean’s mother, who was biting her lip at the test.
“Trust me, no one would believe me. The whole Mr Winchester is dating his brother rumour is too strong. And you’ll kill me.”
Claire wanted nothing more than to leave the moment, and hide in her room. But she wasn’t afforded that luxury.
Dean embraced Faith and Castiel, sandwiching the small girl between the two of them.
“No, you perve,” Claire rolled her eyes. He grinned at her.
She pushed her grandfather aside, and put the blanket over her grandmother.
“I don’t know his name. Or his twin’s name.”
'I don't, Cas. But I needed you-'
“You’re back! They’re not doing that isolation thing?”
She could hear him muttering under his breath as she made it to the top of the slide. She sat there and looked at the drop, which was easily two stories. Castiel staggered next to her, out of breath as he collapsed onto the top of the slide with her.
He would take Michael’s wrath. It was less sufferable than continuing the evening near Luke. And Dean, sweet, considerate, compassionate Dean took it all in his stride.
He gave her an intense look.
“No,” Castiel sounded confused, but didn’t expand any further. She gave up talking to him, and turned back to her uncle.
“Ate his heart,” Faith breathed. Dax grinned widely. “And wore his skin.”
Dean’s clothes materialised on his body, as did Castiel’s, and then they were in the Impala, Dean driving out of the garage and the music blaring. Dean grinned at him as the car swept down the road.
“Are you going to be more Dad about this than my actual Dad?”
“I don’t either. But I think with his new powers, and the wedding planning and everything … maybe he’s just not ready for us right now.”
'I didn't have a choice. My dad made me, and Dean. I tried to get out, so many times, but I kept getting dragged back in. Trust me Faith, there's a world out there beyond hunting.'
Dean whisked them away again before Castiel could attempt to read his mind and find out where he wanted to go. He found himself in a diner, the decor a duck egg blue and everything rimmed with chrome. In a booth across the room, he could see Dean’s father with a younger version of his mother. John looked up as they approached, and broke into a smile when he saw Dean. He stood up and embraced his eldest son, slapping him on the back as he did so. Castiel, who had heard nothing but bad about John Winchester, was dumb-founded.
'We were really happy, weren't we?' She sniffed, looking at a picture of Dean holding a tiny baby with a pink, conical Princess hat strapped on her head, and cake crumbs all around her face. Castiel was in the picture too, his arms around Dean and the baby, his head resting by her head.
“What are you two up to?” He sighed.
“I don’t understand,” Castiel said hesitantly. “Alex isn’t the kind of girl to make out in the janitor’s closet.”
'Can we focus?' Ben snapped. 'You need to start talking.' He glared at Dean, who folded his arms across his chest, unused to someone else taking charge.
She pulled him out of the room and through the mansion, then out to the grounds. There was already a large crowd, a small band playing music, and the air was clogged with conversations and the smell of delicious food. People were dancing, or standing in groups, and some were even walking on the lawns past the main courtyard. Meg held fast to Castiel’s elbow as they walked down the stone steps and into the melee, making sure he couldn’t escape. Lady Antonia accosted them on the steps, and Castiel did his best to look friendly and approachable, even as Antonia gushed about the band or the food or some guest that was attending to Meg. Meg who was cool and indifferent in her reply. As soon as Antonia moved on, Castiel’s smile fell off his face. Was this really his future? Making nice to people who he didn’t particularly like, devoid of passion?
“I’m sorry. I wasn’t trying to stick you with them.”
Claire raised her eyebrows at her youngest friend.
At the door, Castiel couldn’t resist a goodbye kiss, one that lingered, one that was sweet and full of more of those unspoken words. Dean walked inside with the same dazed look on his face that he had the first time they kissed, and Castiel took a moment to watch him before returning to the car. He sidled up close to the partition once inside, and rested his head on the edge as Kevin started the car.
They were less fortunate this time with the press outside, who seemed excited not only to see Castiel, but to realise who he was attending with. They arranged themselves on the red carpet, and Castiel tried not to beam too widely at having Dean there, pressed close to him, a hand on the small of his back as lights flashed before them. Gabriel and Balthazar soon burst the bubble Castiel felt they were in, but for once, he couldn’t be mad. They merely shoved the two of them along, away from the press, to preen in front of the cameras themselves. Dean looked back at the two of them and their current dates, laughing. It was infectious, and soon Castiel was laughing along as well.
He knew it was perhaps frivolous to enjoy the arts as he did, but he didn’t care. He had no interest in hedge funds and stock markets or company performance, but seeing the way people behaved in film, seeing their lives panned out so completely within such a short time frame, the promise that things would be okay … it was enchanting. He got lost in Cary Grant, in Audrey Hepburn, in love and loss and misunderstandings until he fell asleep on the yacht’s bed.
"I don't think you're ugly, Junior."
'No. Come on, she's like, forty years too young for me. I was playing her. Come on Cas, be smarter than that. You okay?'
He seemed to be in a great mood, driving along, the windows down and the tape deck blaring. Dean crooned along, his singing voice just as perfect as his driving, his metalwork abilities, his talent for drawing. Castiel was on his guard so that he didn’t pounce on Dean across the seat, ravishing the man who had only reluctantly agreed to a date. They were on their way to a creek that Dean knew, and Castiel hoped that Dean had packed swimming trunks for the both of them, or else they wouldn’t really be able to do it. But they could maybe talk with their ankles in the water, he supposed.
“He and Mom used to go to symphonies and junk,” Claire spoke softly. “There were dress codes.”
“I don’t think either of us consider it to be a mistake,” Castiel said slowly. “Unconventional, but not a mistake.”
Dean spent the next few days on his own, training hard, throwing all his aggression and resentment into his targets. The other soldiers were clearly afraid to wrestle him after he almost savagely beat one of the older men during one training session. There was one poor olive tree that had been impaled again and again by his spear.
“Dean, play nice,” she teased, and nudged Castiel like they were old friends. “Ignore his moodiness. He’s a
“Should … should I get your dad?” Alex sounded hesitant, like she didn’t want to leave Claire. And Claire felt a different pang, one she hadn’t felt for a while. She didn’t want Castiel, as understanding as he had proven himself in the past few months. She wanted her mom. She didn’t want to talk and analyse, she wanted unconditional love and comfort within her own boundaries.
“So, what’s wrong then? Why did you want to kill me?”
“Yeah, about that. Uncle Mike had arranged everything and they were meant to supervise, we were meant to find keychains around Grandpa’s house or something. And Gabe and Balthazar just made it up as they went along. I think the game stopped when they encouraged you to climb up onto the counter and grab some crystal tumblers worth a fortune.”
“That’s crazy, your dad’s really kind,” Patience let her know.
“Luke fired Julian, and decided to hire a replacement. Probably before you got home.” Castiel jumped in. “I think we should hire this guy.”
'Fuck! Werewolves!' She shrieked, her hands shaking. Gabriel and Castiel accosted her at the same time, pulling at her arms so she couldn't aim and fire. Gabriel pressed two fingers to her forehead, until she slumped in her mother's arms.
“Charlie has the craziest stories,” Castiel nodded along. “I didn’t realise you were her ‘gay little handmaiden’ but that explains so much.”
They like to project their ideals onto me. Is your brother like that?
“We thought maybe you wanted the distance, after what happened at the game,” Patience said gently. “That maybe Charlie was keeping us away on your request.”
“She sounds bitter.”
'Oh. They said that was all I was saying. Mommy, Daddy, Faith. They figured that was my name. What's my real name?'
'When was the last time she used them?' Dean wondered aloud. 'That was like the first time when they were aching.'
Gabriel didn't answer, but sucked on the straw of his shake thoughtfully. When the entire glass was drained, he changed tact.
“Does he swallow?”
When Castiel was there, when the earth was still with sleep and the foothills of Mount Olympus were still bathed in magnificent sunlight and there was no need for the scrying pool, they would lay together in their pavilion, sometimes talking, often having sex. There was no fear of stigma here, no concern that the other gods would want one of them to have a wife, no demasculisation associated with their lovemaking. When your partner was a god, normal mortal protocol was no concern. And when your partner was a god, sex was different. Castiel was always careful, but he was strong, and he could last long beyond Dean’s threshold. But he never asked for respite. Despite his reticence when he was first brought to Castiel’s grove, he was still very much in love with Castiel, unable to articulate just how strong that feeling was in any other way but with his body.
Dean closed his eyes, forcing himself not to turn around to Junior and blast him for his suggestion.
“No promises,” Claire called from the back. Dean shook his head, and Adam started up.
Castiel didn’t know enough about politics to argue with her. She rolled over on the bed.
After a few beers, and a couple of burgers, Dean and Castiel had both begun to relax. Castiel’s cousins had loved the opportunity to tell Dean all the embarrassing stories of his childhood that they could recall. The sun had started to dip in the sky and they found themselves around a fire near the end of the garden, sharing a chair and a blanket as Anna and another cousin, Naomi, made everyone s’mores.
'Yeah, how'd you know?' Ben sounded uncomfortable. Dean looked him over again.
And Faith had never wished to be a mere human more than listening to what Castiel had to say, hearing about the angelic wars and exactly where they both fit into them, especially now God was back.
