Sherlock fought the urge to grind his teeth. She'd been reading Jane Austin novels again. "No one has ever died from a lack of
John snorted derisively. "Right, you wouldn't harm a mouse," He sucked in a breath when Sherlock's grip tightened once more. If he didn't start acting his part, Sherlock might just try to snap his arm off.
Sherlock's arms had come around John with a strength that had always surprised the good doctor. "I love you too, John," Sherlock's baritone voice rumbled in John's ear, no longer a figment of his imagination.
Like most people, excepting perhaps John on a good day, Mrs. Hudson did not understand how Sherlock thought.
John pressed back into the mattress, keeping his eyes on Marcus, who started to kneel between John's legs once the clothing had fallen to the floor. John reached out a hand and caught Marcus's wrist, halting the movement. "No, come up on the bed with me, I want to see you."
Sherlock passed John the obituaries and he read silently, his face paling at the realization. "Fuck, Sherlock, these last two were
That was obvious. The slight discolorations around her fingers declared her to be an artist, probably a painter. She wouldn't have done the family portraits, naturally, that was always a commissioned project, and her work was likely a good deal less formal. The higher ups in the family probably hoped to have her quietly married off soon.
"S-Susan," She stammered, shying away from him as much as his hold would allow. He wasn't holding her tightly, but she wasn't struggling. The muscles under his fingertips quivered but didn't strain, he was leaning back with her legs and shoulders, she likely didn't feel she could protest more forcefully.
Sherlock's smile instantly fell into a look of intense concentration, as though he could pin Ilia with his gaze alone. "I know," he rumbled ominously.
Sherlock's eyes widened fractionally and he leaned his head back, for he had lifted it to meet John part way. He didn't do this, he didn't do
The lanky man peered at him curiously, his index finger slipping from his mouth. John strode forward so as not to embarrass him by yelling across the garden. Sherlock might not care about other people's feelings, but
"I-I...um," Susan murmured, brushing her hair behind her ear and licking her lips. Her eyes darted nervously over the pavement, unable to focus on a fixed spot and unable to meet anyone's gaze.
A smirk flittered along John's lips once he was fully sheathed and his hands crept underneath Sherlock's back. Sherlock arched at the touch and found himself lifted until he was straddling John. Sherlock's lips parted in surprise, nowhere near a full "O", but given his usual guarded expressions, it might as well have been.
"There's someone here to see you," she said, deftly capping and disposing of a bloody scalpel in the lab's sharps container.
spent time specifically watching John work his shifts, but he had also spent significant periods of time with the camera feed up on his laptop while he'd worked on experiments or did research for cases. Watching John's progress, seeing him happy hurt almost as much as it helped, but he couldn't stop doing it.
The quickly exchanged numbers, saving each other as contacts in their phones. "Alright," John said, looking up once he was finished, "We'd better get going; I don't want to keep you out too late."
Sherlock's fingers curled into fists as he fought the urge to burrow into his coat. He knew the chill saturating his bones had little to do with the bitter winter winds of London, still he was at least gratified that his shivering wouldn't look out of place. Standing out was the last thing he needed right now.
"Mementos," Sherlock replied, already rifling through one of Mr. McAndrew's book cases. "Every serial killer keeps some kind of memento from their kills. They instill a sense of pride. Given his extensive book collection in this room alone, and the utter lack of evidence the Yard has been able to find against him, it may only be a written record, but that's as good as a confession."
John stretched his arms wide and yawned, tipping his head over his right shoulder towards the stairs and the sound of music. Sherlock was practicing a sweet sounding waltz. A smile edged its way onto John's lips and he reached for one of his crutches. He was finally out of the clumsy medical boot, but his ankle was still tender. He used the crutches more for balance up and down the stairs, then for anything else. John suspected that in two more weeks he would be back to his old self.
Sherlock met John's eyes, and wished all over again that he hadn't. There was so much pain there, and most of it was
Lestrade raised his eyebrows warily, but had the good sense to start presenting the facts of the case without further comment.
John opened the door and stepped inside. Eric's face brightened when he saw him. "John! Good to see you! I'm so sorry about that investigation. I'm glad it cleared up, I thought the charges were ludicrous. I'm still not sure where it came from, there's only so much human resources can tell me."
John entered the room, running his fingers along the furniture, and spent a few minutes sitting on the bed, which was surprisingly comfortable. He moved to the desk next, picturing his laptop on it. It would be a nice corner to update his blog...but what would he write about now? ...Would it be better to scrap the blog altogether? His chest tightened at the thought. No, he didn't want to take it down. Although his story ended differently, he completely agreed with Mary's earlier sentiments, he wouldn't have turned away from his years with Sherlock, even knowing the heartache they contained and how they would end; they were still the happiest years of his life. It might be better to consider not updating his blog anymore though. Having memories was one thing, he didn't want to be trapped in them.
! You still work those, don't you?!" Lestrade was exceptionally terse given his long experience working with Sherlock, another point in favor of a good case.
"You have frightened me several times tonight, but never in the way that servants of the Enemy would, or so I imagine. I think one of his spies would - well, seem fairer and feel fouler, if you understand." –J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
"You insult me and everything I value at every turn, you drag me into some idiotic test of wills hoping to break my spirit, you keep me up at all hours, you
The world's only consulting detective arched an eyebrow and stared at him until John frowned and asked, "What?"
Sherlock hurriedly shoved his phone into his pocked when John whirled around. The ex-army doctor swiped furiously at his eyes for a moment before violently shoving his phone back into his pocket. He didn't bother with an explanation. Even if Sherlock hadn't been the most brilliant man in London, what was happening was obvious. "We need to leave. There's a train to Switzerland at 11:00pm. If we hurry we can make it."
John shook his head at himself and at the way Sherlock had pulled everything together so neatly. "Brilliant. I knew you'd figure it out."
Police techs were everywhere, photographing, and cataloguing anything that might be of the slightest importance. The front hall opened to a grand wooden staircase. It was the elegant study to the left of the entrance, however, that held everyone's attention. There, slumped in a leather wingback chair by the unlit fireplace, was a faceless body in an immaculate suit, if you didn't count the blood splatter.
stupid Lestrade," Sherlock all but pleaded. "If they were fighting and she felt hurt and wanted to get back at him, or even if she loved him and thought he was too good for her, she would've written a letter. Even people who think their lives are worthless recognize that ending a life, even a worthless one
Somehow it was both very foggy and raining hard, and John found his clothes growing increasingly soggy; his coat could only do so much to keep the weather out. The increasing moisture, however, was not the reason John's face was fixed in a deep frown, almost a scowl. After two days of looking after Harry, and all but living in St. Thomas Hospital, John had finally been given the all clear to go out into the world. The malpractice charges had been dropped; evidence had been submitted that John had already left the hospital by the time Harry had arrived for treatment. Mycroft had even managed to cover up the orders that had been given for John to be incarcerated in a mental health institution for evaluation… but things couldn't go back to normal.
The consulting detective was, at this very moment tracing small circles on John's back with his fingers.  John wouldn't admit it, but he was glad Sherlock was with him.  It was awful being sick alone.
"And your name was Langley before you married?" She still sounded confused and Greg was starting to lose his patience.
John gave a small grim smile. Could he never distance himself from Sherlock? Would he never be free of this specter? Did he even want to be? Right now, in his worry about Alexander, he felt he was suffocating on painful memories, but he wasn't sure he knew any other way to be. Forcing himself to focus, John realized Molly was still speaking.
interesting, but it should be enough for your first blog entry. In the meantime I need more work to occupy my mind, and for this experiment, I will need these supplies." Sherlock finished by shaking the list agitatedly at him.
The brunt of the unpleasantness he had suffered so far had more to do with Sherlock's attitude than anything else. He was so focused on his cases, or his experiments that John could almost forget that Sherlock had suggested this arrangement for the sole purpose of breaking John's spirit. Sherlock
Sherlock stood looming over John, in his personal space. John wasn't sure if this was intended to be an intimidation ploy, or if Sherlock really was so careless in ignoring societal niceties. Either way, John wasn't giving ground.
Mycroft had refused to help him, sparking the rift that distanced them to this day. He'd gone on and on about endangering his political career and something about Sherlock's well-being, Sherlock had mostly deleted that part. The point was that his brother wasn't a resource; Sherlock had needed to find the proper medication on his own. There was no one living or dead that the younger Holmes brother trusted with such a serious operation, so it
"So we're just going to suffer forever?!" Patricia snapped, her wild curls flying as she glared at Eva.
Not with his methods, or his approach, but with the idea that he had helped someone, even if he hadn't meant to.
"What's wrong?" she asked, jogging up to close the distance between them. Her arm was still in a cast and a sling. It was healing well, but it would still be at least four weeks before it was out of said cast, and another four weeks, at least, while she got her strength back.
John shook himself as he slipped inside 221 B, and closed the door behind him. Normally they kept the door to their flat open, Mrs. Hudson and clients were always welcome, but the temperature had fallen so low overnight that John had made a point of keeping it shut today. It would save on the heating bill, and Sherlock didn't need a chill right now.
Sherlock nodded, pulling himself up onto the fire escape. He paused again on the first level and whispered, "Be careful..."
Sherlock arched an eyebrow at Lestrade, turning his back to Dan, trusting the football players and the police officers to keep him in line. "Is that so? Do you only tackle domestic violence cases during the nine to five hours?"
John's mouth pinched tight in anger, as he was finally able to pry the check from Sherlock's long fingers. He was about to storm off, but Sherlock beat him to it. The taller man threw his Belstaff coat over his shoulders, picked up his note pad, and stalked towards the exit like a great jungle cat. He paused at the door and leaned back, throwing Mike an angry smile. "
"Roll over and put my brother on the phone," Sherlock ordered. His voice wasn't raised but it was direct and clipped. Mycroft and Lestrade had been together as a couple for several years now. It officially happened shortly before Sherlock's fall, but they'd been dancing around each other for years. Sherlock wasn't sure whether he should be surprised that it took so long, or that it happened at all.
John did as he was bid, leaning over the body so that he might also see what his brilliant flatmate had spotted.
They turned towards each other when they reached the street again to shake hands before they parted ways. "See you around?" James asked.
Sherlock shrugged. "I had a spare, but that's irrelevant. These imposters have no known criminal history. They probably were the philanthropists they claimed to be, but they got greedy when they became aware of the depths of Miss. Reynolds purse. If that's the case, having lived a basically moralistic life before, they might be squeamish about actually harming her directly. They may be trying to bury her alive."
At length she seemed to steady herself and leaned back to gather some tissues from the box on the desk. John remained kneeling beside her, swiveling the rolling chair back around to face his laptop. "Go on," he urged. "Show me what you like about this one."
James smiled as he chewed. Once he had swallowed, he said, "That's a very admirable trait, looking after your family."
The owner nodded and winked at John. "Two water's right away. And I'll get a candle for your table." He leaned closer to John and added in a conspiratorial whisper, "It's more romantic, and this young gentleman is a much better choice than your last."
At last, dawn broke, and a weak, gray light started to creep into Accident and Emergency through the windows. It was time to go home, and yet John found himself once again hovering on the edge of the examination area where Emily had died… He and the other staff had done an excellent job overnight, and there was no patient in this particular area at the moment. There was just the bin and the sharps container…
Mrs. Hudson had spoken calmly, her voice as chipper and friendly as ever, but Sherlock knew she would take more drastic measures if he didn't comply. Mrs. Hudson was stubborn and had the potential to be much more forceful than most people realized. Sherlock had always liked that about her. It was that very resilience that had sustained her as his landlady all these years.
John moaned softly, his hands twitching with the repressed urge to tug Sherlock closer, to hold him in place. Sherlock noticed and reached up to take John's hands in his, using the leverage to pull John closer and close his mouth over the rigid flesh before him.
"Sherlock!" She gasped, cupping his face and bringing his eyes up to meet her own. They were blue, like his, but of a warmer shade. "Are you injured?"
John smiled at his memories, because they only proved him correct. His friendship with Sherlock had made him a better, more complete person. He even dared to hope that his friendship had been equally beneficial to the world's only consulting detective. With a thoughtful sigh, John refocused his attention once more on the letter in front of him.
The taller man nodded in understanding. "I should have announced my presence sooner. My apologies. Is Mr. Holmes in?" He had a subtle, earthy accent that John guessed he was trying very hard to disguise.
"And we're back to that ridiculous loyalty streak of yours," Mycroft sighed, staring down at the floor for a long moment. "Fine," he continued, looking up again, "I'll see what I can do, but I make
John grabbed his coat and pulled it on as he hurried after the world's only consulting detective. Sherlock had been angry enough that John worried about having to pay his own cab fare home, then pay Sherlock's to assuage an angry cabbie he would most certainly leave for John to deal with. Luckily Sherlock had been too busy angrily stalking up and down the sidewalk to summon a cab.
John forced himself to loosen his grip and let his arms fall naturally to Sherlock's waist. The world's only consulting detective had nodded off fairly quickly after he'd finished the soup, and the ex-army doctor had been glad to see it. Sherlock needed his rest. John had enjoyed Sherlock's silent company, and the satisfaction that he was finally getting what he needed, before drifting off himself. John had woken up in the middle of the night, disturbed by the continual low hum of the infomercial now running on the telly. He found he'd slumped over in his sleep so that he was almost horizontal, and that Sherlock was sprawled on top of him. Smiling softly to himself John had reached over and grasped the remote, plunging the room into silence and darkness.
Greg let out a long slow breath and drew upon the patience Sherlock had helped him develop over their long association. "I'm sure my friend here has done something unpleasant. He does that a lot actually. I'm sorry for the inconvenience." Lestrade offered her a warm smile when her eyes darted up to his for the briefest moment, then away again. "If you could let me know what happened, I'll do my best to wrap this all up and let you get on with your evening."
"Yes, and your patient was not the first." Sherlock couldn't help himself, he knew it was a bad idea for so many reasons, but he looked back at John anyway. His former flatmate was turning a bright shade of red and rapidly preparing to shout at him. Sherlock wasn't intimidated by the thought, but shouting would only make John's headache worse. "The first case I worked after…" Sherlock coughed and shifted in his seat. He needed to focus. He adopted what John had dubbed his 'thinking pose.' "It was a man named Mr. Wallingford. He owned a prominent investment banking firm that recently underwent a massive reorganization."
"You can't stand the thought of not being in control," John murmured, gently prying Sherlock's hands off his shirt and bringing them up to his mouth to kiss the knuckles.
John scoffed and crossed his arms, willing himself not to smile, because that would only encourage Sherlock. The amused smile shifted into a smirk and John knew he'd been found out anyway.
John was completely in Mycroft's personal space now, staring him down. "You can't break me or buy me Mycroft. You never could."
Mr. Brenton nodded glumly, and John stood, moving to join Sherlock in the kitchen. Sure enough, he was cutting away bits of the nightgown and placing them in slides under the microscope
hidden in the dark corners of his heart for a long time, but it was still there. He took joy from books, running, and seeing his patients. All the same, this was the first sense of joy he had in a long, long time that hadn't felt muted in some way.
So far this one sounded mildly promising. Granted public opinion was grievously flawed in identifying what was
John stood and followed her out, turning off the lights and closing the door behind him as he did so.
Mary smiled and accepted the compact back while John refastened his collar and tied his tie. "You're welcome. I've learned more than a few tricks in my time. Anything else I can help you with, Dr. Watson?"
Mary chuckled. "There's no need to be so shy, Dr. Watson. As long as it was consenting adults there's nothing to be ashamed of."
Once John had settled himself on the couch again, he sipped his tea and though about his reply. When the tea was gone he pulled a large book and fresh paper into his lap. Using the book to support the paper he wrote:
Sherlock pushed inside the laundry room and set his box down under the table by the door. Thankfully he was alone. Not wasting any time, Sherlock strode forward and plucked a long white doctor's coat from a rack that several other dry coats were hanging from. Then he used the water in the sink to slick back his hair. It would've been better if someone had mislaid a pair of glasses, but Sherlock saw no such items and wasn't willing to waste time.
Mary shook her head. "Don't be, Sean was an extraordinary man, and I loved every moment we had together. I wouldn't trade it for anything, even knowing how it would've turned out."
"Right," John said, taking control. "You're going to feel my fingers in a moment; I want to check if I can feel the baby's head. Sherlock, come down here in case I need you." John began to probe, and nodded when his fingers made contact. "I can feel the head. Given your back pain, you've probably been in labor since this afternoon, maybe earlier. The baby's head must have broken your water. He's in a good position. When you feel a contraction coming, you can push."
John nodded a smiled.  He might get teased for it later but he didn't care.  Sherlock's arms were much preferable to the cold, hard floor.
When Marcus lifted his face his gaze sought and locked with John's. Maintaining eye contact, Marcus began licking John's prominent erection, pushing his tongue into the sensitive glands, then dragging it down the shaft and back up again. John let out a small, "ah!" his fingers clenching and unclenching at his sides. Marcus leaned forward then and finally took John into his mouth. John's body shook with the effort not to buck his hips; he did not want to risk choking his partner. Marcus hummed again as he bobbed his head up and down over John's erection.
John eased his friend back onto the bed, and lifted a damp flannel from the tray, wiping it across Sherlock's face. The world's only consulting detective grimaced and grumbled, but did not turn his face away. Even he knew the cloth only
Once they were all inside the fence, Sherlock reached through and fastened the lock again. This would give the appearance, to the casual observer, that nothing was amiss and hopefully give them more time. Mr. Werner was so antsy; they had little enough time as it was.
John grimaced when, indeed, he did see a face. There was another body hidden in the false bottom of the coffin. He reached his hand through the opening to check for a pulse...it was there, but it was weak and thready. He scrabbled at the wood, looking for a catch and a hinge that might release his patient. He shoved, and the top portion of the coffin slid aside slightly. He shoved harder. A funeral home employee, possibly the director, ran around the corner just as the top part of the coffin fell away from the first.
Author's Note PS:  Yes, I know the person alluded to at the end of John's letter is Sigurd Eysteinsson, and so does "Alexander", but John doesn't.  Not yet anyway.  Stay tuned for the next update!
John tugged on the end of his suit jacket, trying to banish the memories of that terrible day from his mind. It had been raining, but lightly, not enough to motivate anyone in attendance to open up an umbrella, not even Mycroft. Greg, Mrs. Hudson, Anderson, Donovan, and many other people that Sherlock had helped on cases had attended. It was a massive turnout. Many people had spoken, shared stories or anecdotes about how Sherlock had affected their lives. John had been expected to speak at first, but he'd made it abundantly clear to Mycroft when the funeral was being planned that he had no intention of doing so. He couldn't, not so soon after such a devastating loss.
"It usually is," Mary agreed, "This is a more modern ending, but I'm happy they chose this one. Life isn't always a happy ending, but I think people make their own tragic endings far more often than is strictly necessary."
Harry, who's sniffling had mostly subsided wiped her nose and pondered for a moment. "I like how you said that." She mused. "I mean, I know my parents were sick too, like me, and that's why our lives were so chaotic." Another thoughtful silence. "I don't think they were bad people, even if I hate what they did sometimes. They probably felt as guilty and out of control as I sometimes felt." Tears welled in her eyes again. "I wouldn't want them to feel that way. I made my own decisions. I mean, I didn't have much choice about how I started out, but I could have made different decisions later. Johnny's always been there for me, and Clara was there for as long as she could stand it."
Sometimes this did work, with small harems developing, but Sherlock had always wondered if those groups were really satisfied, or if the military had forced them to give such statements. Of course bonded groups of more than two developed in nature, and arranged/sudden bonding could work, but these particular set of circumstances always left Sherlock dubious. Bonding wasn't mandatory for sex, of course, but it was often chosen when a child was on the way.
to anyone about it, not that he'd ever made a habit of talking to others in the first place, and all his mental rumination wouldn't change reality. In the music there was desperation, betrayal, and a desperate plea for forgiveness. He wouldn't ask John for forgiveness, and he didn't deserve it, but despite all logic and reason he
John took a few more mouthfuls of soup and looked thoughtful. "Well," he said at last, "I was out for a walk—Sherlock can be a bit much to handle at times—and the phone box beside me started ringing. I looked around, but I didn't see anyone, so I kept walking. Then the next one I passed rang, and the next. Finally I picked it up, and asked who was there. The only thing I heard was, 'Get in the car, Dr. Watson.' That sounded more than a bit ominous, especially since a black Bentley was just pulling to the curb. I hung up the phone and tried to get away, but two large men got out of the car and forced me into it. I would've put up more of a fight, but there was another man waiting in the car who introduced himself as Mycroft Holmes."
Sherlock leaned forward so that he could speak softly, without risk of the cabbie overhearing him. He made it look as thought he'd leaned forward to kiss John or to whisper romantic nonsense at him, to further ensure that the driver, who was a prim, reserved woman, would pay them no mind. "We're going to examine Mr. McAndrew's home. Miss. William's father provided us with the address during his visit, remember?"
"I know!" the world's only consulting detective gestured wildly with his hands before leaning over the newspaper picture. "See the pattern of the glass fracture in the windshield? And the denting over the hood of the cab?"
In the end, John had not returned to Charing Cross, although he had agonized over the decision. Instead he accepted a position as physician on-call with them, which allowed him the flexible hours he now needed.
"I take it not all of them are dead," Sherlock replied, "Or you would not have assassins at your door."
Sherlock smiled and leaned in to kiss her on the cheek. "I have no worries. You have a high tolerance for pain, just like me."
"Do you want us to take the dogs out again?" a gruff voice sounded, too far in away from the grate for Sherlock to see who it was.
John swallowed again, feeling Marcus's lips brush his neck. The idea of being wanted, instead of endlessly pursuing something he could never have, tipped the balance. "Yes."
since he'd been able to so that! He practically skipped to the loo, giddy to have his focus back where it
out for revenge, and while her overall physiological makeup did reflect sociopathic traits, the social worker wasn't needlessly cruel. She might one day be the murderess of said nurse, but she wasn't likely to go after other people when it was an intensely personal revenge she was after. In a way every revenge was intensely personal, but the killer behind this case had a broader target. Most likely they were out to discredit the hospital as a whole, and hadn't yet increased their activities to the point where even the Yard would be able to detect them.
had followed him around like a bane as well all these long months... When he first saw her, she had been plain enough to hide in the background, unnoticed, but then again she had wanted it that way.
As the door opened Sherlock lifted the window from its sill and ushered John out. The ex-army doctor rolled and crouched, joined only seconds later by his flatmate. John glanced up, his breathing slightly elevated from the adrenaline, and found that Sherlock had managed to close the window being him.
With that one exclamation the entire crowd began to murmur and Mr. Walker's faced darkened with recognition. Still, he appeared to make an effort to adopt a friendly expression. "Surely you're too busy for all that, Mr. Holmes. There's always more crime in London."
give my daughter some money, once this is all over. I want her to be comfortable, now that I know who she is, but it is also important to avoid the scandal she is so ready to cause." He shrugged and stared wistfully out the window. "I can hardly blame her for being reckless, considering the circumstances she was conceived under."
Marcus didn't react to Sherlock's invasion of his personal space until Sherlock dared to reach out and tug his collar down. Then two things happened very quickly:
Mr. Murphy blanched and took a step back. As he did so, Sherlock released him, and returned both hands to the computer. Mr. Murphy lingered for a few moments before slinking back out of the room. When the door had shut behind Mr. Murphy, Sherlock focused the entirety of his mind on the laptop in front of him. No one else really knew he was here, and Mr. Murphy wouldn't have the courage to return.
have offered to do something so simple and so meaningful. He mentally shook himself, forcing all thoughts out of his mind. Sherlock did not deserve another instant of consideration, and he would convince his mind of that, one day. "Thank you, I'll give you a call when I'm heading home."
. But then John smiled and leaned down, pressing a short sharp kiss to his mouth. John pulled back just far enough to murmur. "We'll get you to a hospital, make sure you're okay, then we'll talk."
John nodded, starting to pull out his wallet. "I understand." It was a bit surreal, but he had a large tolerance for the surreal after his experiences with Sherlock and Mycroft.
There were manic ramblings from a paranoid schizophrenic, a women asking him to find her a date (tedious and pointless), a mother asking him to reconcile her husband and son (he wasn't a family counselor either), and a man who had been the victim of a pedestrian robbery.
John spun to face Mycroft at last, fire in his eyes. "Whatever you do, Mycroft, you'll never get what you want."
Sherlock shrugged, twirling his water glass. "I did a little research on the computer. Nothing too interesting."
"Yes, but look at the rest of the receipt, John," Sherlock said, leaning forward and letting his finger drag across the screen. "This hospital primarily utilizes OdoBan. It's a highly effective cleaner that smells pleasantly of Eucalyptus, good customer satisfaction results there, and it markets itself on being able to kill MERSA. William submitted the order personally, trying to play the good doctor and leader." Sherlock reached forward and tapped the lines of the invoice that displayed the bleach and ammonia based cleaning products. "This deviation might be what we were looking for."
Harry stiffened and returned his menacing look. "Better than someone who's only been here five minutes, I'd say. You're not Sherlock, Johnny."
"You kept thumbs in the fridge and eyeballs in the microwave for seven years!" John called after the retreating form of his husband.
His hands were shaking as he slid the phone back into his pocket. Facing the grate once more, Sherlock tracked Moriarty's movements while his mind raced. This very
"It was me...," Sherlock breathed. "I thought it was you, but it was me." Sherlock was running his good hand through his hair now, heedless of the blood he was smearing.
It was laughable, painfully ironic. Hadn't he though, all along, that Alexander reminded him of Sherlock?
Sherlock allowed Mr. Miller's aggravating breathing to fill the room, a small, mockingly sympathetic smile on his face. "How do you know?"
He was just about to start cursing again when he spied a lone black Bentley with the a heavily muscled driver in an expensive suit standing just to one side of it. A chill of recognition ran through him, and he hoped he wasn't wrong. He knew this could just as easily be a trap, but he had to try.
"I brought some tickets with me, actually, to thank you" Nikki continued, fishing small rectangles of paper out of her pocket and holding them out to John. "You should come and see the show, Dr. Watson. I want to show you what you helped me come back to."
The good doctor used to suffer from nightmares frequently. They usually centered around his time in the army or, more frequently, concern for his sister. He couldn't quite place what this one had been about. Even though he had just woken up, it was fading quickly.
John tapped the pen against his lips for a moment, thinking, before he pressed it's tip to paper once more.
"My, but this place is dusty," she said cheerily, sweeping into the room with a plate of sandwiches and tea. "What sort of project are your boys working on? You've been at it all morning."
to be ready; he'd spent the last several months trying to distance himself from just this sort of madness, but "Yes, definitely," was out of his mouth before he could think any more about it, then the cab was rolling to a stop and they all hurried out of it.
John turned his head to look at her and smiled ruefully. His throat felt tight. His eyes burned. "Blatant disregard for the rules. Sherlock would be proud." His voice sounded strained, and John struggled to keep his breathing even.
"That explains the dirt!" John cried, suddenly understanding. "When Pica presents in pregnant women it's often first detected when they start eating dirt."
The ex-army doctor gave himself a mental shake and nodded. "Yes, sorry." He made his feet follow Frederick while his mind whirled with thoughts of the world's only consulting detective. Mycroft's words for their first...meeting flashed through his mind.
"Did you and Victor finish school together?" John asked, wondering if Sherlock and Victor had stayed in touch. If they had it was probably through e-mails or texts, because Sherlock's work had obviously become the all-consuming force in his life.
The shocked face of the reported, and everyone else for that matter, brought John back to reality.  Oh God, what was he
The nobleman sat silently for a moment, perhaps locked in a test of wills with Sherlock, or a struggle with his own conscience; maybe both. At last, his need seemed to win out, and he began his story. "You see, when I was very young I was reckless in my own affairs. This recklessness cost me dearly in both money and in reputation. It very nearly cost me my marriage."
Mary jumped up, and as one they rushed for the door. In most locations a group of people running at full speed would draw at least some attention, but not so much in a hospital. Time was always of the essence in a medical situation, and it was often the difference between life and death. People did see them, but they took care not to knock into anyone, and so their presence was speedily dismissed or forgotten.
"They eyelids have been ripped off," Sherlock noted, peering closely at Mrs. Werner's severed head. "I'm guessing she didn't like the dog fights, and Mr. Werner wanted her front and center, unable to look away, so to speak."
Sherlock could hear the fabric of Mr. Murphy's suit ruffle in a shrug. "The usual things. We had one of our top brokers take a three month medical leave. Two others gave notice, about a month apart. Mr. Wallingford suspected they were going to strike out on their own, try to form a rival company."
Sherlock had not missed John's looks of disappointment about interrupted dates, his exhaustion on long cases, or the lengths John had gone through to save Sherlock's life, risking his own on more than one occasion.
close around John's shoulder and squeezed gently to offer comfort. Sherlock's eyes trailed up the fingers to the arm and the shoulder, and finally the face of Mary Morstan, or so she called herself currently. Sherlock had been thorough in his research. She was a retired special ops agent. She'd worked for many different people and countries before retiring after the death of her husband. Her real name was Rosamund. She had retired shortly after the death of her husband, Sean.
Sherlock nodded. "In the second story bedroom, yes. He probably set it up before he left so that it would happen over a few days, giving him all the time he needed to be seen at his business conference. Air tight alibi."
"You and Mycroft, and Mrs. Hudson, and anyone else who bevies this lunacy have gone utterly mad," John continued emphatically.
The long-term health effects aside, every omega's body was different in a way that made standardizing suppressants difficult; it had taken several years, and a handful of black market chemists to find a formula that worked for Sherlock. When things looked hopeless, he had turned to drugs. Always in a controlled environment, always alone and behind many locked doors. He was interested in numbing the pain, not making it worse. The drugs hadn't helped, but
"You're limp was really bad when you walked in, but you never asked for a chair when you stood there; it was like you'd forgotten about it. That means the limp is at least partly psychosomatic. That says the original circumstances of the injury were traumatizing. Your shoulder opposite the one supporting you on the cane was unusually tense and close to your neck, implying injury or muscle strain of some kind. Ergo you were hit, most likely in the shoulder and the trauma of that injury transferred some weakness to your legs. Where does an army doctor get himself a suntan and wounded in action these days?"
The front door of the flat led directly into the sitting room, just like 221B. There were two doors along the right wall, possibly the two bedrooms? There was a fireplace in the corner on the left wall with an intricately carved wooden table five feet back from it. Two plush green chairs with wooden legs bracketed the table. Pushed flush against the right corner wall was a matching moss green sofa. Between the sofa and the coffee table was a red oriental rug. There were windows in the wall opposite the front door with heavy brown drapes drawn over them. The room was lined with bookshelves of varying sizes, all wood, and a few tastefully placed pictures. Along the right wall was an open doorway to the kitchen. The tiles John could see where a warm tan or light orange, and the walls peeking out behind the pale wood of the cabinets was sky blue. Finally in the right corner, close to the front door was another wooden door with a black metal dragon emblem hung in the center, at eye level. The bathroom, perhaps?
Lestrade had sent him information on the most basic of cases recently, the pity he felt for Sherlock readily apparent. It was a good thing for both of them that he actually had a case above a six in his queue. No matter how hard up he was, Sherlock would never, ever work cases even the Yard could solve.
At that moment, their drinks arrived, forcing Marcus to retreat from John's personal space. Marcus thanked the barman and picked up his shot before glancing at John. "Ready?"
Sherlock lifted his arm to wave John over. John gave himself a mental shake and started walking forwards once more. They had a case, they all needed to focus. "What have you got?" John asked, sliding into the seat opposite of Sherlock.
A crash echoed from the lower floor and John turned to stare at the door of his bedroom. Earlier this morning, Sherlock had all but ordered him out of his way, and John had retreated upstairs. It wasn't exactly unusual for him to be ordered out because he was inadvertently interfering with one experiment or another, but something about the crazed look he had seen in Sherlock's eyes had bothered him...The good doctor was beginning to suspect the world's only consulting detective was on a case, one that he had not been included in.
The location where the tracking devices had stopped was not quite at the dig site for the skyscrapers, but it was close enough to have easy access, and far enough away not to be found. Hiding in plain sight always was the best policy.
"We should stop meeting like this," Sherlock murmured watching lazily as John massaged the ointment into his hands.
John smiled despite himself. Yes, Sherlock would always be Sherlock, and, even now, John wouldn't want him to be anything else. John
"She's stable," the orderly began to murmur, but his words were lost on John as he approached the bed. The woman lying on it was so thin and gray his eyes drifted to her chest to assure himself it was still moving with each breath.
John smiled, slow and warm, before inching his head down until his lips were hovering over Sherlock's paler ones. "I love you," he murmured, and they were so close that Sherlock
Mycroft had informed John that Rosamund was Mary's real name, Rosamund Kelleher, maiden name Rosamund Stoll. She'd apparently adopted the name Mary Morstan when Sean had been killed and she'd left her former work behind her.
"I'm going to need you to run to Tesco's and pick up a few things for me," Sherlock informed him, plucking a hastily scrawled list from his desk and holding it out to John.
anyone. No, John was bought and paid for, and they both knew it. Even so, John had never been the kind of man to break a confidence. He turned to the nobleman and smiled politely. "I've been in practice as a doctor for a number of years, and everything a patient shares has always been confidential. I don't take that responsibility lightly."
John pulled clear when the nurse called out and anxiously watched the heart monitors…nothing. "I'm calling time of death," John announced clearly, then glanced at the clock once more, "10:38am."
dead wives before you!" Sherlock roared, surging to his feet as his control finally snapped. "Are you so eager to be the fourth?!"
John's hands shook a bit as he read the letter. He was trying not to see Sherlock, and he found Sherlock laid out in front of him. He shouldn't be surprised, Mycroft was always trying to get Sherlock to work for him, it makes sense that he would already employ someone similar to the great detective. John took a steadying breath and scanned the letter. There wasn't much more; John forced himself to press on.
They'd stayed up late talking and watching crap reruns on the telly, laughing at stilted dialogue and over-acting. It was a welcome change of pace from Sherlock's bitter vitriol, picking apart the poorly conceived plots as if they were personally offensive.
They both stood, John automatically reaching out to steady Sherlock, concerned about the depth of his wound. The moved quickly and quietly into the car, settling into the long backseat beside Mycroft's assistant.
"You're welcome," John replied, standing and walking around the table. He paused at Tim's shoulder and said, "I do hope you continue, I think you have the makings of an excellent pediatrician, should you want to be one."
Sherlock glowered at him and attempted to rise. John slipped a hand behind Sherlock's back and assisted him. "I've got some acetaminophen here; you're going to take it," John explained, lifting a glass of water to Sherlock's lips. He drank without protest, then held water in his mouth while John set the glass down and lifted two tablets to his lips. Sherlock accepted the medicine, swallowing it easily.
John had gone back and forth on that issue enough times to make his head spin. He wanted, desperately wanted to believe that there was more to Sherlock than the cold, calculating exterior he showed to the world. The ex-army doctor couldn't get Gregory Lestrade's words out of his head.
The elder Holmes brother shook his head, and put a concerned expression on his face. "Dear me, Dr. Watson, you will do yourself some damage if you continue in that fashion. Really, you've only been down for thirty minutes; you've hardly lost any time at all.
Sherlock and John both gaped at the news, turning to Mycroft as one. Mycroft merely smiled, his hands crossed in front of him, a similarly thin, sparkling platinum ring displayed on his left hand. "I
John shook his head. "No, he's right in the middle of an important case, actually, too delicate to leave right now."
John lay on his back then and listened to the sounds of Sherlock cleaning the bucket out and replacing it.  He really was a good friend.  John would have to thank him when he was better.
"You're lucky to have caught this in time," Lestrade was murmuring, trying to engage Sherlock in conversation as though that would decrease the odds of him slipping away at the first available opportunity.
Greg's hands tightened on the steering wheel, but he nodded. "It's a perfectly rational line of thinking to investigate."
She smiled as she accepted the check. "Thank you for coming Dr. Watson, I think you'll really like the show."
Marcus's hands covered John's again, easing them out of his hair. He kissed the palms before easing himself down to lie beside John. Marcus slid over John's torso as they lay together, not expressly trying to arouse, but to create a sensual haze. When John turned his head to look at him, Marcus murmured, "This doesn't have to follow any set script. It may only be for one night, but that doesn't mean there will be only one time."
Sherlock's eyes narrowed as he watched, mentally reviewing the labyrinth all around him. Moriarty wasn't alone, yet, and Sherlock knew little of the person with him, other than that they were male, likely physically strong, and also likely to be a trusted second in command. Still, he had the advantage of surprise for the moment and he wanted to use it wisely. Moriarty was right, Sherlock didn't have long to live. It might be days or hours now, Sherlock had pushed that data out of his mind the instant he had gone to ground. Still, it would be enough. He would make sure it was enough. Neither himself nor Moriarty would walk away from this particular game alive. All he needed was the right opening...
Mary caught his eye as she lowered her hand and followed his gaze to her ring. She smiled fondly as she looked at the ring before looking back at John. "I insisted on our rings being exactly identical, and this was the one we both liked. It's technically a man's ring, they had to special order it in my size." She slipped her hand into her pocket, glancing forward as they walked. "Now that I think of it, they had to special order Sean's too, his fingers were ticker than normal."
Sherlock knew Mycroft would become concerned, just as Sherlock's occasional drug use concerned him, but controlled usage is not usually fatal, and abstinence is not immortality. Likewise Sherlock saw no real detriment to his accessing the security cameras. It hurt, and it also helped him concentrate. If ever his concentration waivered he only needed to look up, or to cross the room to his laptop to see that John was safe, assuming of course that John was working. It hadn't taken Sherlock long to memorize John's usual shifts, but he still checked regularly for sudden adjustments.
"The Consulting Detective," the other man cut John off, a look of recognition spreading over his face.
Sherlock studied the nobleman in silence for a long moment. He stood fluidly, adjusted his suit, and moved to stand beside their guest. His voice was quite and serious as he spoke. "I should have some results for you in a week's time."
then a heartless bastard like you!" This was pointless. This wasn't getting Harry the help that she needed. John spun on his heels and strode forward towards the exit. Before he had quite reached the threshold, Sherlock's voice cut through the air between them. It was soft, but filled with malice.
Sherlock sighed impatiently and replied in a rush of air, "The tattoo had been some idiotic quote the girl was enamored of, and I matched it to the handwriting of the ex-boyfriend. Crimes of passion are so predictable. Have you set out her personal belongings for me as well?"
"I know what you mean," John replied softly, resting his hand lightly over her foot, which was pressing into his thigh.
John drew back with a smile and looked about to get up when Sherlock reached out and stilled his movements. "There's some in the bedside table." John nodded and reached for the top drawer, pulling out the lube and immediately snapping the lid open. He poured the clear liquid into his hand and reached forward, pressing his slick palm into Sherlock's member. Sherlock gasped again, pressing up into the contact. John leaned down to press slow, sucking kisses along Sherlock's neck as he worked his hand in smooth, wet strokes.
Mary, unflustered, lifted concealer from her purse with a triumphant smile. "That is, unless you want your patient's noticing that love bite."
Remembering his manners, John nodded and shook her hand. "Thank you, Mrs. Hudson. My name is John Watson. I apologize for making such a ruckus at your door."
Mycroft nodded, and started to make his way towards the door. "I will be back in three days, as usual," he called over his shoulder.
John glanced down at the remains of Mrs. Dwight, and pressed his lips together in a grim line. He couldn't argue with that, especially not if this
The lungs were in terrible shape. Years of smoking, on top of asthma…no, it had developed into COPD before he died. Sherlock sliced a sliver of lung tissue with a precision scalpel and placed it on a slide, before transporting said slide to the nearby microscope. Sherlock made some notes, adjusted the slide, and looked again. The tissue showed some signs of improving prior to mortem; it was likely the hospital staff had enforced the no-smoking policy despite what Mr. Wallingford would have wished.
John's initial reaction to Sherlock's return had been violent, and at that time Sherlock had been at a loss as to how to restore things to how they had been before. Still, John was reliable and loyal. He hadn't said he
John sighed and closed his eyes. This felt good; so much better than tossing and turning in his bed, tormented by memories he wanted to forget. Not that this time with Mary made those memories go away, it didn't even make them less painful, but it was nice not to be alone.
Miss. William's eyes grew wide again, and John offered her a friendly smile. She was a bit off, center again, which was probably the best place for her to be right now; it made her more likely to believe what they had to offer.
Mr. Brenton paled further, and nodded. "Exactly," he said quietly. "My maid, Camilla Rais, has…well… I don't know how to explain what's happened. She started working for us three years ago when my son, Daniel was born. She's helped out tremendously, and has always been a very hard worker. She's such a soothing presence to have in the house; I really don't know how we would've gotten by without her."
John finally recovered his power of speech as her back disappeared from view and he yelled, "He's not my boyfriend!" Sherlock's baritone laughter rang in his ears.
Questing fingers inched down Sherlock's abdomen, grazing his erect member. Sherlock turned his head towards John, studying his face. John's eyes filtered over Sherlock's body, devouring the prone form. Sherlock gasped when John's fingers finally closed around him, grasping firmly for a moment before easing back into gentle, teasing strokes.
Eventually John had realized that they were all right, and he'd stopped fighting the inevitable. It might have been different if he'd always been dragged away from the women he tried to connect with, but he'd left voluntarily plenty of times. The longer he stayed with Sherlock the more John's protests about being dragged away were from a sense of obligation than any real desire to stay.
Greetings everyone!  Sorry I'm a day late again this week.  I might move my posting day to Saturdays if this keeps up... We'll see.
"Actually I think they're bringing it back," Mary replied, letting her legs slip to the floor and her hands gather in her lap.
When they crossed the threshold Sherlock slid his legs to the floor, standing still as John turned and closed the door.
James seemed to understand because he leaned back on the table behind him and crossed his arms. "How's she doing?"
John nodded and sighed. That would make Alexander's time away from home approximately three years. That was such a long time to be away from home... "I'd like to meet him when he comes home, Mycroft. I understand he's believed dead. I could even do a physical for him, if he wanted some breathing room before going back on the grid." John frowned thoughtfully. "He'll probably be in rough shape after this mission."
"I knew that you loved him the first time I met you." She smiled and shook her head. "You should've seen the look on your face when you said his name."
Sherlock pulled him into a short, sharp kiss before replying, "Naturally. Now hurry up, John. We're about to miss our ride."
Alex followed his wife and the paramedics out the door while John and Sherlock tugged on their coats. John shook his head in mild astonishment at the evening. It was hard to believe that he was a
John waved and squinted as the young woman came closer, trying to remember her name. At last it came to him. "Nikki, good morning. How is your arm doing?"
Sherlock's eyes fluttered open and his gaze locked with John's. "I love you," John breathed as he canted his hips forward slowly. This achingly gentle pace after such an assault on his senses made Sherlock burn and gasp John's name. It was exactly this side of John that had always kept him guessing. John could be brutally dominating one moment and incredibly gentle the next.
John nodded and smiled reflexively. "I'm very happy there. There's always something new happening, it's challenging and rewarding, and I have the opportunity to help mentor the residents."
James' smile crinkled the edge of his eyes as he took one of the small brown bags that John was offering. "That was sweet of you; you didn't have to get lunch for me too."
John studied the board a moment, then moved a pawn. He was trying, and he thought he had improved. The chess games between them had become almost as regular as John's enforced dinners... There were still cases, but...something was different. John couldn't quite place his finger on it. The pacing of the cases felt off, and Sherlock seemed to attack the cases he did take with a different kind of focus. He was still brilliant, John doubted that would ever change, but something was off, and it made him uneasy.
Sherlock barked out a humorless laugh and didn't bother to answer. What good would apologizing do now? He had acted, John had responded. There was no going back, not from this…
"Take some time and think about it, then." John suggested. "Really consider your options, and think about what you want. Watching death is never easy, not even for seasoned accident and emergency doctors. You have to learn to take solace in the fact that you did everything you could, and the fact that you cannot control everything. Some injuries are not survivable, and the only thing we can offer patients is to be calm and present with them for as long as they are with us. That doesn't mean we can't or we shouldn't process things afterwards, that is taking care of yourself, and it's part of the job."
Sherlock stood statue still by the cab, his Belstaff coat billowing ominously in the wind. His lips twisted into a cruel smile as John approached. "Ready?"
Sherlock reached up, gripping the fire escape firmly in both hands, then paused, watching Wiggins start to lie down just underneath said fire escape. This would, quite effectively, cut off his sent trail. Wiggins had just knelt down, when he glanced up, seeing Sherlock still there. "Hurry!" He hissed, making shooing motions with his hands.
had recognized the real significance of that moment; he should have seen both their feelings and acted then, instead of being willfully blind and causing even more pain.
John wasn't buying it. "When you have so much control over your transport? And when your shoulder slipped back in that easily? Do I even want to
Peter!" Ilia insisted, backing away and throwing his hands into the air. "Have you lost your senses!"
It would be easier in many ways to continue as he had before, to push past this monumental turning point and just keep going... except...
Sherlock turned his gaze back to the bottle because it was easier to look at it then John's tumultuous expression. This would be upsetting to John. It was already upsetting to Sherlock, they'd lost so much time… "There's always something," Sherlock murmured, turning the bottle over in his hands.
"I'm stationed with you through the night Dr. Watson," Anthea replied with a slight smile. "On guard here or at hospital makes no difference to me."
for bailing me out a few days ago. I really didn't relish the idea of paying for those supplies myself." He and James had met, as planned, at a small Italian restaurant. They had ended up meeting for dinner instead of lunch; things had been too busy at the morgue for James to get away before the end of the day. The weather was so mild, for once, that some tables had been placed outside.
"Sherlock likes to examine everything that has to do with his work, and unfortunately death is one of them," John explained. "When he first started working cases in London he spent a great deal of time at St. Bart's morgue both consulting about cases and learning about autopsies. He can tell at a glance whether an injury was caused post-mortem just based on his practical experience." John shrugged casually. Everything he'd said was true, but it was also an excuse. Sherlock would give him no end of hell if he didn't get to examine this body, regardless what anyone else thought of it...and John thought one arrest was more than enough for this year.
He twined his fingers through hers and watched the last lights of London disappear outside the plane window. For now, he had to leave the country. For the moment they were exiled, but that would change. He would make it change if it was the last thing he ever did. They would return one day and, in the mean time, he would try to make things right, not because he felt entitled to the money, but because he hadn't given up on his father. Traditions existed for a reason, but sometimes it was better to break them, than keep them.
Sherlock was dimly aware of the sound of John yelling as they fell. He jerked his arm in Moriarty's grasp, pushing against the thumb joint, exploiting the innate weakness most people were born with. Moriarty's grip fell away and Sherlock reached out for protruding steel pipe. His fingers grasped it, his body jerked to a stop for the briefest moment, then wrenched away from its mooring when Moriarty grasped his ankle, pulling them both down. In the last moments of his fall Sherlock looked up and caught John's panic stricken gaze with his own.
"I've suspected for some months that a cure might be at work," Mycroft continued, causing both Sherlock and John to look up at him. "When you were brought in, I had them pull several vials of blood for testing."
Mary smirked, but made no other reply, and Sherlock was at last able to work in relative silence. It was slow work, but some of the best cases were. It was a simple process really: Observe, remember, and move forward until two or more pieces of data started to link together. Then, follow the trail.
"Thank you," John replied softly. Mary's offer was both practical and heartfelt. He was grateful for the reprieve, and the offer both. He took a few sips of wine to steady himself and broached a new topic. "How long have you been in London?"
At length Mycroft reached them and knelt beside his brother. He scanned the prone form of his brother for a moment before nodding to himself. "You'll recover..." Mycroft paused meaningfully, glancing at John who's gun remained trained on a spot between Irene and himself, ready to sway at a moment's notice to the most dire need, "perhaps even a full recovery."
Harry had spoken to the group, and apologized to them when she'd relapsed. It was part of the conditions of her continued treatment. Everyone had been very supportive, but it was still embarrassing to hear it being talked about so casually. She cringed and sank further into her chair.
John nodded and squeezed Mary's hand back. He hadn't considered that someone might be reluctant to see Mary because of her ongoing love for her late husband. The thought was sad, and felt so limiting. Then again Sherlock was always going on about how people made their own cages and then complained about them…
"His 'ritual' is to court his victims, to woo them, to win their hearts and, just when they've given him everything, he ends it." Sherlock made a point of looking over his shoulder at John as he spoke, underlying the disastrous love Mr. McAndrew's wives had held for him.
Sherlock sat calmly on his sofa and watched Bryan pace the floor. He was young, ambitious, and honorable. He took great pride in his father's work, and saw his father's untimely death as a betrayal or an attack. This much was obvious from the suit Bryan wore, to the way he spoke and held himself. The fact that Sherlock had agitated him only magnified these traits.
"Her mother's family would have stopped the release of those letters, only they didn't know about them. Her mother had them placed in a safe deposit box in Switzerland so that, even if her family discovered what she had done, they would have no access to the letters."
"They don't have to be explosive," Sherlock insisted, leaning forward in his enthusiasm. "They could be corrosive instead."
John's smirk blossomed into a warm ,welcoming smile and his hands slid down to settle on Sherlock's hips. "Ride me," he urged, tugging Sherlock upwards with his hands.
Sherlock fixed him with a pointed look. "It's a satire, John, a comedy. They don't even take themselves seriously." He watched his blogger chuckle softly, shake his head, then turn his attention back to the telly.
John was no stranger to women in labor. He kept his voice calm and soft. "Laurali, sweetheart, how about I take a look at you, once we've got you on the bed? It often feels worse for first time mothers than it actually is."
Rene Williams was a beautiful you woman of twenty three years with gray eyes and soft blond hair that fell to her shoulders. She was a small, thin woman with delicate features, but her tone bespoke a will of iron, belying the fragile image she presented.
At length the crowd did thin, and John and Mary made their way down the steps once more. They were making their way towards the exit when a flash of light caught John's eye. He turned his head and spied Nikki, a sparkling clip in her hair. She was tucked in another small alcove, talking to someone.
. It wasn't a strong sexual pleaser, but a lazy sensual haze, sweeping down his body from his neck as John's saliva mixed with his scent glands, forever changing them.
A woman in her thirties stopped under a street lamp and talked with her husband, the matching rings gave them away. The rings were spotless, so it was a happy marriage. It was cold but she had her coat unbuttoned, providing a glimpse of her ample bosom that swelled almost over her sweater. Her jeans where designer and would fit her perfectly, if the first button wasn't unbuttoned. Her sweater covered her waist, but Sherlock could tell she had one button undone because of the pattern of the stitching of her jeans was just slightly misaligned. She wore comfortable winter boots but kept shifting from foot to foot as though pained or anxious. No anxiety was evident on her face, only joy. Discomfort, swollen feet most likely, caused her fidgeting then: she was pregnant.
John had never gotten around to writing up that particular case, but he'd never forgotten that particular mourning practice. Sherlock, naturally, had been baffled by the sentiment of such an idea, but it had made sense to John. After Sherlock's fall, when nothing seemed to make sense anymore, John had adopted the tradition, in his own way, with his broken wristwatch. The clock was supposed to stay stopped forever. Maybe when John had his answers he'd start it up again. In the meantime it was a perfect representation of the part of him that was frozen in that moment, willing Sherlock not to jump.
"Is my dad okay?" the woman asked, glancing momentarily over her shoulder at the car. "He was coming to pick me up." Her words and breathing were strained with pain, but otherwise she was remarkably calm.
Sherlock nodded and felt John's warmth leave him. He counted the good doctor's steps to the bathroom. He dawdled in their long enough to call the Thai place down the street and order some Tom Yum Goong. When John returned he dimmed the lights to a tolerable level before ordering Sherlock to sit up.
John stayed low, pounding footfalls on the stairs finally reaching his ears moments before the door was flung open. The room was poorly lit, but not dim enough to conceal Sherlock and himself. An enraged Mr. Werner spotted them almost immediately and leapt towards them with an angry shout.
was what had finally given Sherlock pause. He hated working cases for his brother, they were too restricting, and his brother did not make idle threats.
John fought back a sigh. He worked, he'd been out with Mary, and he'd started talking to Lestrade again, but no matter what he did nothing seemed to
to hear that this fellow is too incompetent to back up his claims. Wouldn't surprise me if they had an office pool on when it would all fall to pieces. They might even give us something for being the ones to bring them the news."
"I guarantee it," Sherlock assured him, stroking his thumb along the back of John's hand. "Chef Mattingly never disappoints."
"Very well," he said at last, holding up the papers in his hand for John to take. "What do you see here?
Mr. Murphy only confirmed Sherlock's suspicions when he shrugged and said. "It used to be a break room, but Mr. Wallingford had it renovated this year. I'm not sure what subset of clients he was working on, or why. Most of our records are held in two secured basement floors."
Once his mate was clad only in socks John leaned forward and pressed an open-mouthed, biting kiss into Sherlock's inner thigh. Sherlock gasped, his hands resting lightly on John's head, neither pulling him away, nor keeping him there, just touching him. John's mouth continued its torturous journey around Sherlock's thighs, while his hands lifted each leg in turn, stripping them of their only remaining article of clothing.
John shook his head at himself, tucked Harry's letter in his pocket, and began his slow meander back to baker street.
The third wife, Carol Kendrick had officially been ruled a suicide. She had been found slumped over and drowned in the tub by Mr. McAndrew after his return from work one evening. He had reported to the yard that they'd shared breakfast and tea together in the morning, and he'd left for work as usual, with no indication that anything was amiss. Carol had been prescribed strong sedative hypnotics to help combat persistent and severe Generalized Anxiety Disorder, which had resulted in almost daily panic attacks. The lab had found an excessively high amount of this medication in her blood stream, which had likely resulted in intense drowsiness, and subsequent drowning
Lifting his arms again, the world's only consulting detective scrambled up the uneven brick surface of the wall and wedged himself into to ventilation shaft. Once inside in crawled forward, bracing himself with his forearms and toes. A few minutes later, he heard voices, and turned in their direction. At last he came to another grate, this one, thankfully still in place, and peered beyond it.
Sherlock could smell John's fear now, and slowly blinked his eyes open. The tension which had gripped his own muscles began to ease as he took in the stricken expression of his long time flatmate. John was kneeling in front of him, his hand resting lightly on Sherlock's calf.
Sherlock hefted the box that was still in his arms, adjusting the weight as he opened the door that lead to the interior hallways of the building. The kitchen door slid almost silently into place behind him. It was a good start, but it would be foolish to be overly cautious. Keeping the box he still carried shifted to one side, Sherlock lifted his phone from his trouser pocket and pressed it to his ear. "Yes, yes. I'm on my way, I'm just trying to find the damn laundry room." He paused and glanced around, listening. When he heard the tell-tale hum he was searching for Sherlock adjusted his course, nodding into his phone as though he was listening to someone on the other side.
Sherlock knew behaving well wouldn't bring John back. John would never know what had just happened, and should never know, no matter how 'good' Sherlock might ever behave. He had thoroughly examined why reconciliation wouldn't be beneficial for John, and still he found his behavior altered… It
Harry didn't know quite what to say. Eva was in pain, but it hardly seemed to bother her... Or maybe it was the way she handled it. Her astonishment must have shown on her face because Eva leaned towards her and spoke again.
John smiled his professional doctor smile, trying to put the man at ease. One of them had to be professional, and Sherlock wasn't about to start any time this millennium. In his heart of hearts, John knew that Sherlock had only waited so as not to miss an opportunity to needle him, to score another point in their war of perspective. "All of our cases are held in the strictest confidence, Mr. Miller, I assure you. And Sherlock here will stop at nothing to get to the truth."
my daughter. Not only was I able to verify her identity by discretely investigating the adoption records, but she sent me a lock of her hair to test for myself."
Sherlock had made a non-committal noise and John moved to walk past him to the sink. As he did, John's hand had deliberately brushed Sherlock's shoulder. There was no purpose for it other than to express affection. Sherlock had turned and caught John sending another of those infuriatingly affectionate smiles his way. Sherlock had known from that moment that John's...
I know I say it every week, but I really mean it:  a big thank you to everyone who has left comments, kudos, subscribed to, and/or bookmarked my story!  I can't tell you how much I appreciate the support, and encouragement, as well as to hear your thoughts on the story.  I hope you enjoy this next installment!
The ex-army doctor grimaced; displeased that he was so easy to read. Of course Sherlock could read him no matter what, but that was Sherlock. He must really be losing his poker face if James could read him so easily. "It's Sherlock," he said quietly, glad that they seemed to be the only two around at present.
John wrapped one arm around Marcus's middle, holding him still and steady as he withdrew his fingers. Marcus made a noise of protest, but John shushed him. "I'm just adding more lube. I don't care how often you do this, I'm not going to risk injuring you."
One month of their two month reprieve had already elapsed, and they were both recovering nicely. Sherlock needed the cane now, legitimately, but it was only temporary. His capacity for healing defied the odds, much like everything else about him.
Greg chuckled. "He didn't jump to get people to stop talking about the two of you. If anything it only made the talk worse."
"Please tell me that's not a letter of resignation, John." When John didn't reply Eric sighed. "You're a very good doctor, John, I'd like to keep you if we could."
A sudden chill ran down John's spine. Had Sherlock considered their arrangement to be a case, only instead of unraveling a puzzle he had been trying to convince another person, John, of a certain way of thinking? Sherlock convinced people of his rationale and evidence for a case all the time, he made it look easy, as though there was no other way of looking at things. Their little war of perspective had many of those same principles, it was simply a more complex and pervasive argument. Would Sherlock really have treated this like a case...?
"Oh, sorry." John felt himself color slightly in embarrassment. That's what he got for trying to be clever.
James glanced up from his work when he heard the door open and brilliant smile broke out across his face. "John! Good to see you. Did you miss me?"
"Hey, you shouldn't do that!" Mr. Werner called loudly, jogging over to where Sherlock stood. "You'll frighten the beasts." His tone was reprimanding, but his stance and inflection was a good deal less angry than he had been. It was a protest only for show.
"Mary," Sherlock replied, hanging his coat by the door before taking his seat and unlocking his laptop.
do you think you're doing?!" Mr. Werner shouted, bursting into the back garden, followed closely by Lestrade and John. "I agreed to an interview, not to have my house ransacked! My
A big thank you to everyone who has left comments, kudos, subscribed to, and/or bookmarked my story!   I love hearing back from my readers, and the support is much appreciated.  I hope you enjoy this next installment!
John started to throw a leg over the side of the roof, planning to pick is way down a bit slower, using the drainage pipe as an anchor, when movement flashed in the corner of his vision. He stilled and swiveled his head around to see better. Sure enough a hunched figure was creeping up on Sherlock from the next alleyway over. Either there was more than one person following them, or they'd been cut off somehow. This person was
"That last day," Molly pressed on, tears brimming softly behind her eyelids, "he came to me. He...he told me that he thought he might die soon." Molly sucked in a breath that was half a sob and pressed trembling fingers to her lips.
"How are they doing?" John asked, grateful for the change in topic. Mary likely would have told him about this over dinner, but, working in the same field, she knew the importance of taking a break and distracting yourself after tough calls.
"He's hallucinating because he has paranoid schizophrenia, not bipolar disorder with psychotic features. He was misdiagnosed."
"A shelter?" John asked when the cab pulled up to "Forever Homes Shelter." It must have something to do with the case, John had known Sherlock too long to assume otherwise, but as usual he was in the dark about
Everyone else was already at the church by the time John arrived, but that was alright. John knew he wasn't late; he just hadn't been able to make himself go early. This was going to be hard enough as was without adding more hours to it.
Leaning over his ill flatmate, John hooked an IV bag to a nail which protruded from the wall above the sofa, and unraveled the tube. John knelt beside him and held up his one good silk tie. "I thought you might want this, to help block out the light."
The couch shifted as Sherlock sat beside him and, surprisingly gently, drew John to lie back.  John went without complaint; he didn't have the energy.  He ended up  laying cradled against Sherlock with his back to Sherlock's front, and Sherlock lying back on the couch.
Sherlock speculated that Mycroft and Greg would linger in 221 B until just after midnight, but if they stayed longer he would have no difficulty finding a place to sleep rough…or more accurately, sit rough and watch John on the night shift via his phone. John did occasionally pick up extra shifts, most doctors working for accident and emergency did, so it was always worth checking, but John had definitely been scheduled for tonight. For the first time since they had begun their…association Johns work schedule had a fixed place in the heart of Sherlock's mind palace.
That was not as reassuring as it should have been. Any excuse to stay was too dangerous. John swallowed, then nodded again "Right." He straightened and followed Sherlock inside 221 B.
Getting into the building itself was easier, the locks were hardly worth picking they were so simple. It was dark inside, so they turned on their torches and used the maintenance stairwell to gain access to the basement. When they neared the bottom, the smell hit them.
"Yes," John agreed, moving his finger more forcefully inside Marcus. The muscles were tight around his finger, but Marcus was experienced and eager; he didn't seem to be in any pain or discomfort.
"I'm glad you found such good help when you needed it," John replied quietly, trying to help their nervous guest relax.
Lestrade shook his head. "That wouldn't happen until the body is taken back to the morgue. It's one of the things that feels off to me. If his marriage was as happy as it was reported to be, then
"John," Sherlock moaned again, grasping tightly at his lovers arms, needing to be anchored to something.
again! He warned me it would be a difficult road before us, and I promised him I would not be shaken, especially not with trifling theories that won't stand up in court!"
Sherlock had received countless lectures about the way he treated people, including Molly. He'd ignored them all. He thought he'd deleted them all and yet…
He was more than capable of placing the tracking device himself; this argument was more a contest of wills than anything else. That fool with all his
Not only that, but John was the single most dominant example of an Alpha that Sherlock had ever met. John had brought half the Yard to their knees once with a barked command, just because Sherlock was in danger... The memory both thrilled and terrified him.
John bit back a flurry of chuckles. "Don't I know it." As John was leaving, Greg finally made an appearance, with Alex in toe.
The memory flashed in his mind's eye, himself arguing with Irene Adler. She'd seen the truth before he had, but so had almost everyone else.
Mr. Werner crossed his arms over his chest and continued to glare. "I will be filing a complaint about this!" he insisted.
Mr. Walker sputtered angrily, and rushed to get in front of Sherlock, his bruised ego spurring him on. "Are you familiar with Nichole, Mr. Holmes?" Mr. Walker asked, glancing back over his shoulder as they walked.
Sherlock scanned the papers in front of him, his frown deepening. He flipped the pages. Some held only figures, others snapshots of what were presumably his own cells under a microscope. John leaned over his shoulder, examining the pages as well. "I don't understand," he murmured, "This all looks normal.. well, you're anemic, but that's really no surprise."
John turned, saw the humor glittering in his friend's eyes, and smiled. "You don't say? Sounds like a nice change of pace." They chuckled quietly and went back their sandwiches and easier conversation.
John stood, left his mug in the sink, and carried the letter to his desk. He winced unexpectedly as he sat down, and he blinked at his leg in confusion. His psychosomatic pain
John blinked, and then, if possible, his expression hardened even further. "You mean more people have to die."
Greg frowned and nodded Going along with Sherlock was, usually, the fastest way to resolve a case. Stepping forward, he tried to look calm and in-control. "Mrs. Wolfram, I would like to review the case with you as well. Could we step inside?"
John smiled. "You know, I can't remember the last time I was able to watch the telly without someone shouting abuse at it."
into a case. A domestic violence case with nothing particularly unusual about it. As far as I can tell he was just walking down the street, apparently Mrs. Hudson had convinced him to get the shopping for her, when he deduced what was happening and manipulated the situation until the woman was willing to press charges."
Mrs. Wallingford's eyes were large and round as she nodded at him. "Of course. Whatever you think will help."
A faint smile tugged at the corner of Sherlock's lips and his eyes lifted to meet John's. "I love you too."
There was a rumbling of agreement from the crowd around them as well as the other footballers. Lestrade held up his hands for silence, then spoke again, addressing the footballers first. "You lot, let him up. The police are here now, and we'll make sure the situation is resolved." They complied, albeit reluctantly. Dan stood, glaring at everyone around him and tediously, in Sherlock's opinion, trying to loom over anyone who got too close.
John laughed, and leaned in to kiss Sherlock properly. His lips were plush and firm beneath John's, and they opened to him like an embrace. The kiss, like John's previous touches, was gentle and passionate. Breath mingled, tongues explored, and very close smiles were exchanged in the small spaces of time when John attempted to pull back, only to press into Sherlock once more.
Several hours later found them sprawled lazily across Sherlock's bed, John's head on Sherlock's shoulder. It was late and a perfectly decent hour for most people to sleep. John, however, had trouble letting go these days. Sherlock had never slept particularly well because of his busy mind, always seeking stimulation. John's problem was not his mind, however, but the past. He had been quite literal about not letting Sherlock out of his sight.
They look they shared next belied John's words. Sherlock's lips quivered with amusement under John's touch, even as he felt his heart stutter in his chest. He would have to run another EKG soon... His eyes dipped down to trace the curve of John's smile. Soon, but not now...
John, who had been dozing in the corner of their cell, jumped and came to full alertness immediately.
One by one Sherlock thoroughly examined the liver, the stomach, the lymph nodes, and the intestines. The signs of the infection that had ravaged Mr. Wallingford in his last days were everywhere, but nothing gave any indication of the source. There was no definitive clue suggesting foul play. There were needle marks, but nothing so far out of place that it couldn't have been from an intravenous line or medication administered through injection. The lack of proof did not rule out foul play either; if it had been easy to spot, Lestrade would have done so.
It was nice to have something to look forward to. Not that he didn't look forward to things anymore. John's sense of joy had not died with Sherlock...it
Mrs. Aster looked up at him with a frown as John stepped back into her field of vision. "Are you sure we have to do that?"
Unable to defer his possessive instincts, John pulled back from the kiss and bit down at the juncture of Sherlock's neck and shoulder. It was a powerful, claiming bite, but not hard enough to break the skin. Sherlock moaned loudly, rocking more forcefully into John's hand, which had maintained a steady rhythm. John's tongue had just begun to lave Sherlock's abused skin when Sherlock breathed, "John, stop."
John gently, but insistently, peppered Sherlock's face with kisses. "Git. Idiot. Tosser. I am so fucking cross with you right now."
The injured woman was dressed neatly in an elegant but simple emerald green dress which stopped just below her knees. Black stockings encased her legs, and her shoes were simple but posh black flats. Her attire was formal, but not ostentatious, and they were almost in sight of the Royal Opera House. Her violin case was weathered, but meticulously cared for. She must have just gotten off work, and been waiting for someone to pick her up.
An irritatingly fond smile crept over Mary's features and she shook her head. "Not about the case. I only meant to point out that you've been watching John through the security cameras every ten minutes. To optimize mental refreshment you want those distractions coming in every twenty minutes or so. Every ten is too often."
His first course of action as to hack the company security system. The discrete camera that had formerly overseen employee downtime had been thoroughly disabled already, likely by Mr. Wallingford during the initial renovations. Sherlock started his review of past tapes with those capturing the comings and goings of Mr. Wallingford in the last months of his life.
WARNING: Please skip this part if you are not in a good headspace for heavy emotions. I think maybe real life decided it was not fond of my cliff hangers, and decided to give me some drama of my own.
He should have expected the sting of the needle in his neck. Mycroft never traveled without henchmen, and after John had broken his nose, well, Mycroft Holmes didn't underestimate people twice.
He was smarter than he'd ever been given credit for, and he had been careful. He'd moved slowly, built himself up and established a spotless reputation. He'd made a point of moving slowly and varying his methods. It was absolutely vital that no one saw him coming, that his actions held no pattern and would not be detected. He would
Human babies could wither and die in their first year of life if they were not held enough, despite how well their other basic needs may be tended to. John supposed it was something about the idea that if they were not loved enough to be held, then life was simply not worth living. Sherlock Holmes had been no different, despite what he might have told you. It was a wonder Sherlock and he hadn't fought more over emotions. Then again, once John saw the subtleties with which Sherlock expressed himself, he was only rarely tempted to call him a machine.
James leaned forward, stole one last, short kiss, before pulled back and making his way down the street. John watched him go, warmed by the evening of good company and the almost promise of something more to come.
Sherlock stepped closer then, invading John's space, just as he had done in the labs at St. Bart's. He cocked an eyebrow at the furious little man in front of him. "Prove it. Be my blogger."
Greg finally looked away and sank down into his chair. "Fine. I'll put in a good word for you, and see if they'll let you examine the body." Sherlock whooped and charged out of the Detective Inspector's office before he was even properly done speaking. "I make
John fell to his knees and captured Sherlock's lips in a rough, possessive kiss. Sherlock moaned and opened to him, welcoming the invasion of John's tongue with his own.
Sherlock looked again at the bottle in his hand. If this was a crucial piece of evidence, then it was not the Narcan it declared itself to be. He steeled himself, then looked back at John. "What is it?" Sherlock knew his voice was still too soft. He wasn't obvious, John wasn't likely to notice, but Mary already had…
From the moment they met there had been a magnetic connection that John hadn't been able to deny. Things had escalated exceedingly quickly, John still wasn't able to say exactly
John couldn't quite decide if Sherlock was being deliberately obtuse because there was finally a new case, of if he was being particularly cruel. He
Sherlock's jaw tensed, and there was a sickening snap as he finally wrested himself free from the security guards. John cursed under his breath, hoping he wouldn't be arrested for association.
"You have a lot of those," John remarked with an unabashed grin. Sherlock, despite himself grinned back.
When John quieted, Mary resumed her work covering the mark on his neck. She leaned forward and pulled his collar back, trying to avoid getting makeup on his shirt. Some would inevitably rub off, but if she did her job right it wouldn't be noticeable and should come out in the wash. After a few more moments she leaned back, scrutinized her work and nodded. "Almost done," she declared, "It just needs to dry a bit." Without any warning she leaned forward again and blew softly on his neck.
Marcus shrugged. "They're all politicians, sort of. The youngest son doesn't really want to join the race. I can't say I blame him, but he'd be good at it. I help the family manage their day to day business."
"Old cases," Sherlock replied in a distant tone, tilting one paper in his hand to get a different perspective on it. He'd gone over his files before, but he just had so
Still shaking with repressed laughter, Sherlock gestured at the papers Johns still held. "Mr. Trevor Senior, had been a doctor for the majority of his adult life. By the time I met him, he had retired, but Victor had told me of his career many times. Even for a doctor he had retired early. They lived a seemingly middle class lifestyle, yet Victor went to a prestigious University with no student loans or financial aid. Also, the books I had seen the day we met were new, not used. Projecting Victor's family's likely income, they still wouldn't be able to live
John mentally rehearsed his answers in his head, trying to take deep, even breaths. He'd never been a fan of interviews, he doubted anyone was, but this one felt like it had a lot riding on it.
Sherlock moaned, the vibrations traveling along John's engorged cock. John's hips jerked in Sherlock's hands, responding to the assault on John's senses...and then Sherlock began to swallow.
They stared at each other for a long moment before Sherlock sighed and leaned back. "You're not going to let this go are you?"
"I work well under pressure, I always have, and I like helping others. That's one of the reasons I joined the army, it seemed like the perfect mix."
Sherlock lifted his eyes again, surprised. There were a handful of responses that he'd been expecting, but this wasn't one of them... then again, John Watson was always managing to surprise him.
John nodded. "Sherlock might not have been to the morgue recently, but he's been using the labs. I met him there roughly three weeks ago."
It was quiet in the office, John had worked the closing shift today, which was his preferred shift. He came in later and had the potential to jump right into a chaotic situation and bring calm to it. John had long ago admitted to himself that he thrived on that type of adrenaline, another trait that had made Sherlock, and his cases, so appealing. But he liked the quiet that followed too. Right now he was almost alone in the office and the peace and stillness seemed to bring the day into balance, a moment to breathe before jumping right in again the next day… only he wasn't scheduled to work the next day.
"She's Sherlock and John's daughter," Greg replied. They had gone over who was taking care of who a few times so, for clarity's sake he felt compelled to add, "My sister, Sarah Langley, and her husband Anthony passed away last year, and I took guardianship of her children."
Trigger warning!  Very ill person who may or may not be dying from a deadly poison is described in this chapter.
Sherlock's eyes strayed to their interlocked hands. They were lovers, had been for years. A quick glance at each of their left hands confirmed they were not married. Sherlock's gaze lingered in their hands. She was holding his, but he was clutching hers. The slight tremor in his hand and the paleness of his knuckles betrayed the force with which he held her. Not only that, but he was crowding her against the buildings they passed. It was subtle, and to a less trained observer it would appear that he was trying to shelter her from the rain, but this was about dominance.
Greetings everyone!  As of today I officially move posting days to Saturdays.  Work is being way too hard on me for me to be able to guarantee Friday postings anymore, unfortunately.  It was only a few Fridays ago that I didn't even get home until after I normally post, but when I get home before I've been so dead to the world lately it's all I can do not to drown in the bathtub before I make it up to bed.  @_@
Setting the important paperwork on his dresser, John moved to stand beside his husband. Sherlock looked up and smiled warmly in greeting. John leaned down to kiss him. Once they had parted, John murmured, "You look like you're getting
place to start a fire, particularly if you don't want to be blamed for arson," Sherlock replied, circling the structure like a bird of prey about to move in for the kill. "Think about it, John. Who would think twice about someone mismanaging a fireplace? It happens all the time. Throw in a story about an awful row just before the business trip and how your wife drank when she was upset, and no one would question it. Poor distraught, drunk woman, it's a wonder she didn't burn down the whole neighborhood."
need stitches. You don't want to know the kind of tear Bryan just put in your perineum." Laurali's expression soured, but she stopped protesting.
coming back this time..." Harry's voice dissolved into a long cry of pain, and she felt Madeline's hand on her shoulder.
Some days he felt his encroaching mortality like a noose at his throat, and others it was hard to believe he was sick at all. Lately he'd had better days more often than bad ones. Sherlock had yet to pinpoint any rhyme or reason for this... Maybe it was just a sign that everything was almost over.
The door was closing behind him, so Sherlock turned to face Mr. Murphy. There was a definite resemblance to the body he had recently examined. Mr. Murphy was a well defined middle age man with a well concealed thinning hairline. He sat behind his desk, and did not rise when Sherlock entered the room. Instead he glanced up from his computer and waved Sherlock over to the chair in front of his desk. This was both because of his busy schedule, and to establish dominance.
"I try," John replied, dismissively. He was the younger brother, actually, but he was often mistaken for being older, since he was always taking care of Harry.
John sighed softly, conceding a temporary defeat, and picked up his own menu. He even managed to thank the owner when he returned with their drinks and their candle, though Sherlock's maniacal grin made him want to both throw something at him, and laugh hysterically. Sherlock had a knack for infectious laughter at the most inappropriate times. John had joined him in laughing more than once at a crime scene this month…Sherlock was most definitely a bad influence.
"You were not the only one providing me with information, Mrs. Wolfram. The lack of a wedding ring on your 'husbands' body with your own being in such good condition?" Sherlock shook his head. "It didn't make sense as a suicide or the murder of a cuckolded man."
Sherlock looked up as he accepted the phone, a small wry grin on his features. "It's never stopped you from getting it for me, has it?"
John leaned against the door frame and watched her, smiling. Mary was so caught up in the story she didn't look up for another five minutes, and when she did, she jumped. John chuckled. "Sorry, didn't meant to scare you."
"When in doubt about motive, its best to start with the three R's," Mary said, stepping beside, then slightly in front of John as though her physical presence could prevent him hurling insults at Sherlock.
John crossed his arms in front of his chest and looked stubbornly away. He was not going to continue this argument. He'd only known Detective Inspector Lestrade since yesterday, but he seemed like a hardworking, upstanding person. John had faith that he would do his best to protect Mr. and Mrs. Wolfram/Volkov.
"As I was saying," Greg continued, "It's a well respected man in his fifties, Peter Wolfram. There's no note, no evidence of or history of emotional distress, no financial troubles, no hint of any enemies... The man lived a quiet
The good doctor moved silently up the stairs, locked his letter from Harry in the trunk at the foot of his bed, and fetched some medicine. He was just placing two tablets and a glass of water on the coffee table when his phone buzzed. John pulled it out of his pocket and smiled when he saw a text from James.
Mrs. Wallingford's eyes watered again. "The world's come to such sorry state, hasn't it? We can't trust our doctors, our friends, our neighbors..." She trailed off but the idea of being unable to trust one's spouse was heavily implied.
staying for the press conference." Lestrade's face never wavered from his serious yet hopeful expression, one crafted just for the sea of press spread out before them. It was obvious, to Sherlock anyway, that Lestrade had been coached.
Sherlock sent him a withering glare. "Their reporting of the frequency and quantity of persons who jump off this particular bridge for the sole purpose of ending their life is completely accurate, and utterly irrelevant. However, the death they are using to trump up their paper sales is
Thank you to everyone who left thoughtful and encouraging reviews! Thank you also to everyone who left kudos, subscribed to, and/or bookmarked my story my story. I hope you enjoy this next installment!
"Call me John, please." John had asked her that before, but she never seemed to listen, or perhaps she just had a bad memory.
John's throat tightened for a moment, then he pulled Marcus flush with his chest and closed his eyes. Marcus undulated against him, one hand straying down to caress John's erection. Nimble fingers removed the flavored condom and, after snatching the condom John had selected with the lube from the bed sheets, opened the packet. They were too close for John to see but he gasped when he felt Marcus's fingers securing the new condom over his aching erection. John heard the snap of the lube bottle and felt Marcus's slick fingers stoke him. John bucked up into Marcus's touch, moaning softly.
"But, I..." Sherlock started. Even if he had wondered about, hoped and dreaded John mating with him, he knew he couldn't give John the things he really deserved...it wasn't right.
At last the questions were over and Eric was standing, smiling, and holding out his hand for John to shake. John shook it, smiling back.
barely tolerate you some days. What on earth makes you think I'm going to sick you on a colleague just because you have a hunch?"
He was saved from the necessity of a carefully diplomatic response, however, when a low hissing brought their attention to the wood paneling on the left of the fireplace. One section of wall was sliding up, assisted by thick, pale fingers.
With that happy thought in mind, John made his way down the steps from the hideout of his bedroom for his afternoon tea. Sherlock was researching something on John's computer. John's eyebrow twitched in irritation but he refused to comment. Sherlock, expert lock pick and the world's only consulting detective, could and would get access to anything he wanted within the confines of 221 B, and almost everywhere else. For Harry and for his sanity, John would grin and bear it.
When they had arrived, he had insisted that Sherlock wait outside. He may, more or less, control John's life after this, but he had
After a minute he turned to glance at Sherlock once more, his curiosity getting the better of him. "So you've got the whole thing sorted, then?"
"So?" Sherlock muttered, isolating a few strips of the stained cloth, now free of particulate matter, and dunking them into some sort of solution.
The old friends embraced for a moment, then quickly sat beside each other on the bench which John had previously occupied alone. "I'm doing a mite better that you it seems," Mike observed, glancing sympathetically at John's cane.
managed to talk through their difficulties as well that night. They had been gone by the time Sherlock and John had returned from the pub, but the rumpled blanket Mrs. Hudson normally stretched pristinely over the back of the sofa told Sherlock everything he needed to know. To the best of Sherlock's knowledge there had never been another rift as large as that one between his brother and Lestrade. They were happy, and by every means of observation Sherlock possessed, it appeared that they would stay that way. It wasn't an impossible or even a very taxing feat, most people simply did not put the necessary effort into communication.
John looked apprehensively up the old wooden staircase for a long moment. Was this really a good idea? He knew the git had money, but
Sherlock lifted his hand and gestured to her face. "Broken jaw, three years ago. There's a deviation in the line and thickness of the bone indicative of a badly healed break." Sherlock lifted his hand slightly. "They did a better job with the nose, probably because it's more visible, and as a larger aesthetic impact. There's been surgery to restore the nasal passageways and reduce swelling."
Begrudgingly, and reluctantly, John moved away from the examination area where he had been loitering. The main crisis of the night might be over, but there were still many patients that needed tending to. John knew he was certainly not the kind of doctor who foisted his work off onto other people.
John smiled in understanding and moved his body over Marcus's, kissing him. Marcus arched up into him, moaning softly and John settled part of his weight on him. "Lube?" John asked between kisses.
"I'm Dr. John Watson," he introduced himself, shaking both of their hands. He wanted to them to understand what was happening as best as they could, but he also didn't want to draw out their suspense, which must be agonizing. "I was part of the medical team working with Mrs. Morris. I'm very sorry to inform you that she just passed away, likely from complications from her surgery."
The bed dipped slightly and John knew Sherlock was beside him again.  The ex-army doctor gasped in surprise and pleasure when a cold washcloth was pressed to his head.  He still had a fairly elevated fever and the cloth felt heavenly.  John turned his head to give more access as the cloth slipped down his neck and onto his chest (he wasn't wearing a shirt).
Sherlock lead her onto the dance floor, and they began to move. He was, of course, classically trained in ballroom dancing. Being a foolhardy romantic, Ms. Hooper had apparently taken the time to educate herself. She moved confidently, and took direction well. That, at least, was refreshing.
hear Mycroft say 'please' before. It did very little to appease John, but it was enough to make him pause. John glared harshly through the gap in the door at the elder Holmes. "You have three seconds to give me a good reason."
When Marcus pulled back with a wet 'pop' John reached for him, assuming that Marcus would climb up his body again. Instead, Marcus took John's hands in his and placed them in his hair. "I want you to push me, move me the way you want to. I enjoy it."
"The thought of not being in control," John mused, and Sherlock nodded vigorously. Both of John's hands were on Sherlock's legs now, gently rubbing up and down, as though trying to warm them, he concerned gaze never leaving Sherlock's frightened one.
The light, joyful voices of two violins playing in tandem welcomed John back to 221 B. John smiled as he mounted the steps, grateful that Sherlock was home. Mary's gravestone had been erected today, and he'd just returned from visiting her. Technically the gravestone was for Mary
He touched other people more easily now; won their hearts and confidence. While he didn't shy away from the necessities of his business, which before had seemed so revolting, he completed his tasks with an apparent warmth and empathy that smoothed the way and left nothing but good feelings in his wake. He was, in some respects, almost everything he had ever hoped to be: a doctor, a business man, someone who appeared to balance the demands of his job and push forward for the betterment of
John turned then and stared after the rapidly fading figure of Sherlock Holmes, pondering Greg's statement. "Want to get a pint sometime and share Sherlock war stories?" John asked turning back to face the Detective Inspector. He knew he'd still have many months to go in his role as an indentured blogger, and he'd take anything that would help make the time easier, even if it was only easier to understand."
Thank you to everyone who has commented on, left kudos for, subscribed to, and/or bookmarked this story.  Your support means a lot to me <3.
bring any more people here looking for me. My work is too important for this nonsense, and as such I will be operating any necessary lab equipment from my home." He winked then as if his words had been friendly instead of laced with venom, then he was gone.
"Just tell me or stop me if I'm not helping," John murmured as his fingers slipped into Sherlock's dark curly locks. Sherlock 'hmmed' softly, leaning into the gentle touch. John smiled as he worked, glad to be able to ease his friend's pain. The repetitive motions were soothing and it wasn't long before John felt himself grow drowsy, but he pressed on until Sherlock's breathing was the deep even rhythm of sleep.
Sherlock felt uncomfortable with John's hands still on him, so he stepped away. "Professional liability, I'm afraid."
It was Alex. She was young, barely twenty three, and contemplating making the plunge into medical school. She stared up at him expectantly with her bright blue eyes and brown hair framing her face. "Can I help you?" John asked with a small smile, pocketing his phone for now. He suspected she was here to pick his brain about Barts again.
. He'd tried to strike out in a completely different direction after Sherlock ordered him gone and somehow he'd ended up right back here
"Exactly!" Sherlock gestured wildly, and for a moment John thought he would flop backwards onto the floor as though the world was too boring to be tolerated. "I don't
it. It was a bit late to check his own body for an exact entry point, but it might spare him a few mind-numbing hours if he analyzed this syringe's contents. He doubted they would be more than saline, but as there was no current case, and no sign of any case coming his way in the near future, it was the only stimuli at hand.
John nodded slightly to show his assent. He thought they would make a sudden dash for it, and hope to lose their pursuer with the element of surprise. Instead, Sherlock gently nudged them to the side so that when they came to the mouth of the alleyway, they were almost inside it already. John's muscles tensed in anticipation, then in surprise when Sherlock suddenly pressed him back against the wall, looming uncomfortably close. The ex-army doctor looked up and drew in a sharp breath as Sherlock leaned in.
Sherlock huffed and made to roll his eyes when he found himself suddenly pinned against the wall of his bedroom. "I mean it, Sherlock." John voice softened slightly when he added. "I'm not going to hurt you."
know for sure, Sherlock" John insisted, still furiously patting the pockets of his coat and trousers, unwilling to remove his other hand from Sherlock's face to search more efficiently. "You
Sherlock took a step back and straightened his spine. "I am a consulting detective, the only one in the world. I invented the position. When the Yard is out of their depth, which is always, they call me. I also have a fair number of private clients. The problem is, as I said, I don't have enough work. And when there isn't enough work, everything is so..."
of all people, was calling this the most dangerous mission he'd ever seen, then it had to be quite dangerous. Still... "Being practical is different from being all gloom and doom about it," John persisted.
John edged in front of Mary and opened the door for her, holding out a hand to help her into the cab. She chuckled, arching an eyebrow at him, but accepted his help all the same.
They crept down the darkened hallways of the funeral home and into the morgue. Sherlock scanned to logs of recent admissions, and started opening the refrigerated enclosures, lifting pale sheets and scanning the faces of the dead.
She drew her knees up to her chest and sunk her head down to rest against them. "I'm all alone," she moaned.
He almost frowned when he realized that they'd already reached the steps up to 221 B. He didn't want the evening to end so soon, but the ex-army doctor had never run away from his responsibilities, and he wasn't about to start now. John took his hands out of his pockets and turned to say goodbye. He almost jumped when he realized how close James was to him; John had to tilt his head up to meet his eyes.
"Same thing I did in the service, I'm a doctor. I work in a small surgery now, but I'm hoping to expand my hours." A dark look crossed John's face when he thought of exactly
things, Sherlock?!" he yelled, throwing his jacket onto the floor. "Nowhere in our little arrangement did I agree to give up all of my privacy to you! That's
Molly was absurdly romantic. She was probably furious that he'd 'wasted his chance,' or whatever such nonsense ran through her head. He bit back a sigh. There would be a lecture in his future, whether he wanted one or not, and he'd have to at least pretend to pay attention or she would attack him again. She was that vexed.
She stopped just in front of him and grinned up at him like a child. "Fine. It still aches, but I'm told that's normal. I just had a checkup and wanted to run over to see if I could thank you again for your help the night of the accident. You were very kind to me."
John had experience standing watch, and focused on mentally listing the number of men that passed so that he would maintain good attention, and the one specific man he was looking for would not likely escape his notice. It was an easy routine to fall into, lulled by the clicking of the keyboard as Sherlock's fingers danced across it.
John's through constricted and his eyes filled with tears of relief. "Don't ever do that again! You could have died!"
Living in England for the majority of his life, John was more than familiar with ruins. Abandoned, crumbling buildings always made an impression, and the burnt out husk of the former McAndrew house was especially eerie. It was like the remains of the house, the trees that grew around it, the very earth remembered and mourned the tragic death of an innocent woman.
"I was invited," Molly pouted. "I gave Charles Braxton's secretary first aid when she feinted in the morgue. She'd come to ask about the Langton murders, and I was in the middle of an autopsy. It's not an easy thing to charge into a room and see a corpse flayed open like that. It was only a bump on the head, she didn't even have a concussion, but Mr. Braxton was grateful for my help." She turned her hard, dark brown gaze at him. "
Mr. Brenton sat stiffly looking hesitantly from John to Sherlock. He licked his lips nervously and asked, "Mr. Holmes? I thought this meeting would be confidential."
John lifted Sherlock's hands to his lips, kissed them, then pulled him forwards towards the bed. "I thought of a position that might make you more comfortable," John continued, pausing at the side of the bed. "I thought it might feel safe to lay over the side of the bed until your head tips over the other side."
Standing, John pulled on his robe, which he had left draped over the foot board of his bed for those nights that were particularly rough. He could only lay and stare at the ceiling for so long. John carefully opened the door to his room and stepped out into the sitting room. Despite the bad examples Sherlock had set for him, he didn't want to wake Mary. She was a light sleeper and very grumpy when woken early.
the flat and there was no paperwork from a landlord. Mary had rolled her eyes at him, but she'd written up the necessary paperwork and accepted his first check. John had closely tracked his accounts for the first few days to insure that she'd also actually deposited the check in her own account, and it appeared that she had.
He'd seen Mycroft a few weeks later, just before John had agreed to move back into 221 B. Mycroft had made a habit of sporadic visits before John had been a part of his life, and he had resumed them in that brief interval where John had left his life. At that moment in time, however, the visit had not rankled as much as the tired look in Mycroft's eyes. Sherlock had always made a point of railing against sentiment, while Mycroft simply never mentioned it, as if the notion didn't exist in his world beyond being a tactical disadvantage… and yet…
John, still smiling, stood and walked forward until he stood directly in front of Sherlock. He reached forward, took Sherlock's hands in his, and lifted them up to kiss the knuckles. "What's on your mind?"
taken a look at the body before wandering off. John turned back to the body once more, kneeling down and examining the hands. "Was his wedding ring taken into evidence?" John asked
Mrs. Hudson smiled also, amused. "It's good that your spending some of this quiet time together. Too many couples get too caught up in their day to day lives, and don't remember the important little things that keep a relationship going." She brushed off her apron and started making her way back towards the door. "I'll just leave you to it, then."
Greg blinked and hesitated. He wasn't used to Sherlock being so cooperative, not with the cleanup of a case. Once he'd solved something he was rushing on to the next case or experiment, or whatever else would keep him occupied. Then again, things had been markedly different since John left, or, as Mycroft had put it, since Sherlock ordered him out. Greg wasn't as keen on knowing all the details as his lover was, but he knew Sherlock well enough to know he was hurting in a way he hadn't before. "Will 10:00am give you enough time to finish whatever experiment is in there?" Greg asked, gesturing to the bag with his chin.
Murphy chuckled as though the idea were ludicrous. It was not, such maneuvers had a good chance of being successful and undermining the parent company if they were handled right. If the people who left were as high up as Murphy said they were, they stood a decent chance. Murphy had to know that, surly Mr. Wallingford had too. Their pride and business bravado would never allow them to say it out loud, even to each other when they were both alive, but they knew.
"How do you expect to protect them after tonight?" Sherlock asked, raising his arms to indicate the scene around them. "This is a public spectacle now, he has been questioned, humiliated. Do you
I know I offer my thanks every chapter, but I really can't express enough how much it means to me to have the support of others in writing my stories.  I am so thrilled to hear what people think, and if they are enjoying the story, as well as an constructive criticism, because I am always hoping to improve.  Thank you to everyone who has left comments, kudos, bookmarked, and or subscribed to my story!   I hope you enjoy this next installment!
John glanced up to the paper and immediately blushed.  Oh Lord, there it was.   On the front page of this, and probably several other papers, in full color, was an image of Sherlock and himself snogging the daylights out of each other.
John started to speak again, drawing Sherlock's attention back to him. "I never once took advantage of an omega in heat." Sherlock's mouth fell open, a protest ready on his lips, but John pressed on before Sherlock could vocalize his doubts. "I never wanted to ruin someone's plans, or rob them of the chance to choose for themselves, so I re-routed my instincts."
he been thinking?! He'd just been checking Sherlock's temperature, whatever illness he had did the damndest things to him sometimes, and then...
Sherlock nudged his daughter so that she would turn to look at him, then cupped her face with both hands. "Listen to Alex, and remember your breathing," he said calmly. "And make sure you keep your eyes and mouth open during contractions. We don't want to risk you going blind from burst blood vessels in or near your eyes."
"Fae, or fairy stories of babies switched at birth are not uncommon. This taken in combination with the family wealth, the open check-book that had impressions of a recently made out check for a large sum, payable to "cash," and the sudden behavioral changes indicated that Mr. Trevor senior had switched two babies at birth, been paid handsomely for his actions, and had now been found out and was being blackmailed."
"Sherlock!" The world's only consulting detective paused, his coat half shrugged onto his shoulders and blinked owlishly at John. "Where are we going?" John asked, rising and reaching for his own coat.
Mary came with him. It hadn't been discussed or planned. John had simply looked up from the bottle Molly had handed him and shared a look with Mary that decided everything. Perhaps John should have argued, but he couldn't make himself want to. Mary was a good friend and it felt right to have this connection to his new life follow him back to visit the ghosts of his old life. John didn't want to go back, but now he had to, and Mary could be an anchor for him, a point of focus to prevent any foolish temptations.
John watched a deep blush spread down Sherlock's chest, small gasps escaping his parted lips as his hand started to tremble in John's grip. Sherlock's hips jerked against John's then he stilled, a long low moan falling from his lips as his cock pulsed long white ropes out between them. John hips snapped quickly up to meet Sherlock's, faltering in their rhythm and Sherlock's trembling muscles pulled John's orgasm from him.
"Sherlock!" Lestrade called after him, but Sherlock refused to turn around, only lifting his hand in parting.
"I thought she might be in some kind of trance, and I wasn't sure whether I ought to follow her or let her be. Finally I decided what I saw must have been a trick of the light, and tried to put the image out of my mind. I had a drink of water and some biscuits. I had just about pushed the whole thing out of my head, except as I was about to go up the stairs I thought I saw something on the floor. I knelt down and touched it, expecting it to be a shadow or a trick of the light, but my finger came away sticky..."
"I hardly think they call it revelry, Sherlock," John retorted, slowly circling the edge of what was once a room. There really wasn't much left of the place, and John was at a loss to say if that was because of the fire, or the years and damage that had come afterwards. Where was there to even look? Sherlock was meticulously scanning the remaining walls, confirming his initial suspicions that nothing was buried here. The only thing that reached above their heads was the crumbling fireplace chimney.
A strong hand fell on John's shoulder causing him to whirl around quickly. Before the images in front of him had properly resolved themselves into a face, John felt the stranger's windpipe under his palm. Small vibrations buzzed against his palm as the stranger said, "I mean no harm. I am here to request a meeting with Mr. Holmes." He was a tall man with graying hair, a strong, muscular build, and slate gray eyes.
Nikki had remained somber most of the night, but once she had calmed down her expression became resolutely determined. John remembered asking her at the time if she needed any doctor's notes for her employer, seeing as she wouldn't be able to play for some time during the initial stages of healing. That was one of the few times Nikki had smiled that night. She had accepted his offer for a doctor's note and explained that someone had volunteered to cover her seat as first violin while she was recovering. She had looked at him oddly, and stumbled over her story, making John wonder if she felt she had to conceal something, or if her medications were starting to affect her concentration. Given her brief interaction with her father, who suffered a few bruises and a minor concussion, John worried about the safety of her home life.
Moriarty had not been idle. He had texted continuously, occasionally speaking with the other man in the room. Their conversations were brief and vague, but Sherlock had been able to surmise they were discussing the skyscraper excavation project and the planting of stolen artifacts so they could be 'found' and sold at auction. This did not appear to be Moriarty's plan directly, rather he had used his resources to assist another. Sherlock wasn't sure if this temporary base of operations predated that arrangement, or if Moriarty's client even knew about it. Most likely the whole of London's underground passageways were a base of operations, with the specific hideaway changing periodically.
Sherlock gave him an upside-down smirk before leaning back further, undoing John's trousers. John's eyes never left his as Sherlock tugged John's pants down and off his hips. John released his hold on Sherlock only long enough to rid himself of all remaining clothing. When John stood Sherlock's smirk was gone, but there was a define gleam in his eye as he leaned back and licked a broad wet stripe along John's member.
"The meeting William is supposed to be attending is on the eighth floor," Sherlock's voice came again. "We're going to take the service elevator up. I couldn't get anything from the security cameras in this building; I'm not sure what we're walking into."
had it. "You're arm's broken, probably your leg too, you don't...you don't want to know what a fall like that could have done to you..."
The thread gave way to the scissors, and was soon gathered into a small pile on a square of cotton on the coffee table. John applied antiseptic to Sherlock's skin once more, before reaching for the vitamin E oil that was also laid out for him.
John pursed his lips thoughtfully for a moment, then replied, "Technically that's more than one drink."
Mary leaned against John's shoulder and shook with laughter. "Are you sure?" She asked between little gasping breaths. "I think I'd almost like to see you try."
Up until his young adulthood he had railed against the cold distance in professional politics. The thought of showing preference to someone because they were rich or powerful but not because they were useful or valued as a person had seemed like the end of all common decency. He'd been determined to break the barriers and show everyone that he could be genuinely engaging with patients and investors alike, while also being true to himself. He'd offered up his heart freely and it had been ripped from him in a crucible that left him forever changed.
