Shaking his head for Sam's question, Dean drums his thumbs against the steering wheel while still looking straight ahead. "You've got somewhere you need to be, too."
"Are you okay?"
"Okay, okay. I'm sorry," Dean says, clearing his throat as he squeezes Cas' hand. "Look. I'm not great at this, okay? Which is a lame excuse. But I'm trying here. Give me a minute."
Too many questions. Too much thinking. He's stalling, Dean knows he is, a life of indecision and not letting himself have something just for him. Well, it's time to put that part of himself firmly in the past.
Cas groans as he pushes himself upright, hair in every direction. Why is that such a beautiful thing to see? Dean watches as he unbuttons his shirt thinking that he needs to sort him out some clothes, relieved that there is only a light scar as visible reminder of where he pulled his grace from.
How could it not be? The thing he wants more than anything is now a reality, for Cas standing right in front of him. "Yeah. It is, Cas."
"Dean. Are you sure?"
"You're back," Dean says, with his voice cracking, sure any words he's planned out are now leaving him to it, abandoning him to figure this out on his own.
"Yep."
"Yes. I remember that." Again Cas' eyes crinkle with mirth and Dean finds it near impossible to look away.
Dean first relishes in how easy and natural it is to be holding Cas' hand as they walk. "Well. I don't have any idea what our future looks like, but for now, at least, this place is home. For all of us. And no matter what happens between me and you, I want you to have a place here. A room, that's just yours. I want you to know, that you have somewhere, no matter what, Cas. That's more important to me than anything. I mean, it's not—you are. But this?" he says, coming to a stop outside what has been Cas' room on and off for years. "This is yours. Whether you use it for storage, or if you get mad at me and want to be somewhere. It's yours."
"I meant, do you need me to leave the library, be out of your eyeline, perhaps face the other way, so you can say what you need to out loud? You always spoke far more clearly in your prayers than face to face."
"Before I even really fell asleep."
Cas' face is still filled with sorrow, pricking tears in Dean's eyes. "Because. This is your heaven, Dean. Your happy place. I cannot be here."
"Knife, Dean."
"Are you sure?"
"Yeah. I know. I just want to get everything right for you this time around. Not that this is all on me, obviously. This is all on you now. You get to decide what you want."
"The bus station? You'd prefer to sit on a Greyhound for hours instead of—"
Dean closes his eyes, releases his grip on one lapel to cradle Cas' face. Stubble against the heel of his hand is grounding, and terrifying. Cas has to know. He has to tell him. There is no other way for them to be now.
"Dean," Cas says, with a soft desperation in his voice, gripping on to his shirt. He drops his head on Dean's shoulder and crowds closer, sighing against him when Dean slots his fingers together at the small of his back.
Cas laughs at him. Dean loves that as well. Is there any better feeling than all of this? "I think we are safe, Dean."
"Okay."
"What?"
"I wanted to belong somewhere," Cas says, steepling his fingers against the table like he doesn't know what to do with his hands.
. How come he hasn't got him out of that place already, huh? What's that about?"
Of course he's fidgety. Everything is wrong. Dean turns his head, doesn't need to do so much as raise an eyebrow. Sam knows it without him having to say a word out loud. He nods, determination fixing on his face, adjusting in his seat as best he can.
"Cas," Dean says, his voice breaking yet again as he takes Cas' hands between his own. "How can this be my happy place, if you're not in it, huh? How can I be happy anywhere, if you're not with me?"
"Food, I think. Also, to be clean," Cas adds, holding up his arm and giving his shirt sleeve a cautious sniff.
What makes this easier to deal with is knowing that right now, however this turns out for him personally, Sam is going to be just fine. As he stands here in the dark beside the Impala ready to do what he needs to get his own life on track, Eileen should be arriving at the bunker. Sam's life is going to be far better than it ever has been up until now. So if Sam gets his happy, why the hell can't Dean find his as well? Didn't Cas tell him he is deserving of such things when he opened his heart to him and told him everything? Dean believes it now. More than that, he wants it. If he gets to have something good in his world just for him, why wouldn't he reach out and take it?
"And it's that?"
"Wait, wait, wait," Dean says in a hurry, squeezing his hand and peering around the library before looking back at him. When he does, Cas is trying to follow his gaze, and the look on his face is just plain adorable. Damn, he could get used to seeing this all the time. He
"I transferred money to our cards. Split what we had left. We still have some, some other places, but for now, at least, we have enough."
"With me, Cas," Dean says, squeezing his hand, horrified for the thought of getting Cas home only for him to leave yet again. "You should be with me. I want you to be with me. But what do you want, Cas? For you; what do you want for you? Forget about anything else for a second; what do you want?"
"That's something. I was figuring out a way to come get you," Dean says, thinking once more of all the planning he's been doing. All the research, all the preparations for a life after, like the contract in his bedroom he's just signed for a regular, normal job. He was going to keep hunting until he found a way to get Cas out of The Empty, then give it all up. Really live, for himself for once.
"Yeah. But it's Cas, man. It's
"We just ate."
With the practiced motion of years of doing it, Dean takes his knife and slashes at his palm, speaking loud, and clear, and true as the spell comes together. Because of course, getting what he wants means a little loss of blood.
The moment Cas nods Dean is up across the room finding Cas sweatpants and a soft long-sleeved t-shirt to wear. He pulls out socks and a pair of boxers, startling when he turns to find Cas stood right beside him.
Heaven. This is, heaven, isn't it? Exactly how he's always pictured it could look. The wind on the trees, the freshness of air, the feeling of peace settling in on him. Dean reaches inside himself seeking out that rage from what has to be just seconds ago, and it's gone. Really? Just like that? No pain or anguish, no lingering coldness from the pointlessness of his own demise?
is loved.
"Well. At least I made it to heaven," he says out loud.
"I really didn't know you could feel like that about me," Dean says as soon as they're sat, before he loses his courage. The library seemed a good choice for talking in because while there is a whole table between them, they have to look each other in the eye.
"Because, Cas. I was just never sure that you felt the same back. And I guess I just... didn't want to risk putting it out there, if you'd just look at me like I grew six heads. Because you couldn't feel the same back. Because you're an angel, and maybe you don't feel the things that we do, or... I don't know, Cas," Dean says then, squeezing his hand again. "For a lot of reasons. Stupid ones, mainly. I still felt it."
. Whatever it takes for Cas to never have to come back here.
"And you do now?" Cas asks, with one final hint of doubt in his eyes. Dean won't have him doubt anything again.
"Where is Sam?"
Cas is asleep. On his pillow, in his bed, underneath his comforter that is tucked up right beneath his chin. Dean can't believe it, even if he was the one who cradled Cas to him when he collapsed in The Empty, and he was the one who laid him out on the back seat of the Impala when he got him out. The memory of watching Cas' grace seep from him for the last time Dean thinks might be one that stays with him a lifetime, but once Cas finally wakes he'll try only to think on the good that's come of it. Cas is here, safe, and whole, and has an entire future ahead of him. A human one, and then who knows what else beyond? They have Jack looking over them now, and Dean can't help imagine how wherever they end up from here on out, they'll be just fine.
"Well, Cas. Considering the way you used to look at me like you might smite the life right out of me, I'd also prefer it if you weren't mad at me."
"Dean. How was I supposed to know?" Cas asks, with both exasperation and pleading in his eyes.
"Since when do you ask?" Cas replies, with tears in his eyes.
Dean drives for hours, stopping only for something to eat, chasing the last light of the day until his is the only car for miles. Cas is with him already, even though he isn't, his snark from the back seat and his smile from beside him when he changes music without even asking. Cas is in bad jokes, and terrible puns, and even in quoting movies that Dean has inflicted on him over the years. Cas loves him, tolerating all the things Dean loves just to be near him, happy to sit in silence just so Dean hasn't been alone. These next years ahead, Dean is returning the favor, learning all of the things that make Cas happy so he too can keep him in quiet company when Cas needs all the world to stop. Not that he'll need that now, Dean is determined. Their future is going to be a happy one, joy-filled and with only the difficulties that regular people have to overcome. No vampires. No werewolves. No catastrophes raining down on them from some deity above. They'll deal with blocked drains and mornings before coffee, argue over whose turn it is for mowing lawns and taking out the trash. They'll make friends, whose own lives have always been simple ones, who won't know that their world is safe because of them. Just how it should be. A normal life. The biggest adventure of them all. Dean needs to sleep but is so excited for the thought is sure it's impossible to.
"You know I love you too, right?" Dean says softly for his voice cracking, swallowing hard as he forces himself to raise his head again and open his eyes.
There is a tug in Dean's stomach better than any compass or GPS. Instinct is telling Dean exactly where he'll find him, even if the exact location isn't yet clear in his thoughts.
"Is there anything you want to say?" Dean asks, cursing himself for stalling yet again.
Cas stares at him, freezing Dean in place like he so often does. "Am I coming back, to be with you, or am I coming back, because you don't think I should be in here?"
"None of that came through in any of my prayers? With how I was around you the whole time?"
"Yes."
"You're here," Dean says again, and because the world is spinning as it rights itself, rests his forehead against Cas' for balance. He gasps in a breath for the soft press of hands to his sides, sure nothing has ever felt so right.
"Permanently." Why does Cas now sound so unsure?
"You're really here."
"You mean aside from Jack being... you know."
"If we could both take back all of the ways we have hurt one another, perhaps we wouldn't even be here now," Cas points out. He's giving him the easy way out of this, and Dean wants to argue. Though why does he even want to spend a second arguing with Cas?
Dean frowns and smiles, because Cas is smiling at him in a new way he doesn't know what to do with yet; even if he loves it. "Cas. Are you mocking me?"
"You know. On the way here, I rehearsed all these things I wanted to tell you, all these promises I wanted to make. I planned them all out perfectly, too. But I'm tired, Cas. I'm tired of having all these things I need to say to you, and never getting to say them out loud. To you; not in some prayer, or imagined conversation in the middle of the night just wishing you were around to hear it—to say something back to you. Properly.
"Yeah," he says, with a brush of his lips over Cas' that is like lightning, making everything in him more alive than he has ever known. "Yeah. I do."
"Yes."
Cas' eyes flicker in doubt. "You were?"
There are so many things he could say, so many glib comments he would once have made when joking was the easiest way to avoid talking. He won't be doing that now.
him. Now all he needs to do is figure out how to wake him up.
"You seem... fidgety."
Baby's here as well? Dean whips his head around, crying again when he sees the Impala in perfect condition, not a dent in her bodywork, glinting in the sun. He laughs, squeezing his eyes shut and breathing to calm himself because now is no time to be upset. He has everything he's ever wanted here. He just has to go get it.
"Uh..."
"Actually," Dean says, swirling his thumbs over the back of his hand, "I have more I need to say. Lots of it. Honestly? I don't think I'll even be able to say it all now. But I want to start. Is that okay?"
"Yes."
"Because. You and me were in the middle of a pretty big conversation and I didn't get to say a word back. And I want to. I need to say so many things to you, Cas."
By his side, Sam turns and reaches into the back seat, pulling a tablet from an old, scuffed bag. Out the corner of his eye, Dean watches whatever he is doing on the screen, waiting for him to speak as Sam zips the bag up again.
He stirs slowly, chest rising and falling first and then his arms twitching down by his sides. Dean gasps for seeing it, drawing back to watch at first and then curling his hand through one of Cas' pleading over and over for him to wake. He watches Cas frown with his eyes closed, a slight parting of his lips, and then as he appears to freeze like he's just remembered where he is. Dean's heart stops when Cas blinks his eyes open staring up at him in shock, and he has no control over his own limbs as he drapes over him, sobs wracking through his body.
"C'mon, Cas. There has to be all kinds of places you'd prefer to be than in here, right? Any place you wanna go, we'll go, okay? Even if it means flying. Or, how about this? You, me, Baby, the open road. Sam and Eileen could come too, obviously, but honestly, Cas? I think they need some alone time. They deserve some alone time, after everything, and you know what? So do we. Some quiet. Damn; a real, honest, easy day.
Cas' eyes flood with tears. Dean has to move closer to him, still holding his hand but draping an arm around his shoulders. "I want to live, Dean. I want to
If nothing else, it's nice to see Cas so relaxed. He looks cozy there tucked up in bed, and knowing when he wakes there'll be all kinds of new things for him to discover makes waiting a little easier for Dean. He can't wait to see Cas choose the clothes he wants to wear, the shows he wants to watch, and is just in the middle of imagining what he might cook him for his first meal for a while when he sees Cas beginning to stir. Dean leans forward in his chair both pleading with Cas to wake up and terrified of what comes next. But in a good way. When Cas finally blinks open his eyes, all Dean can really do is smile.
"You too. You thought about where to look for him?"
Is Cas like him in the mornings? Slow to wake, useless before coffee? Dean's excited to find out. He's excited about everything.
Cas made this place, perfectly, for him. Of course he did. Because Cas knows him, like no one ever has, and because Cas loves him. Cas loves
Cas doesn't stir. Of course he doesn't. His mind is somewhere taunting him with all things probably beyond Dean's imagination. It's the thought that some of those things might involve him that gives Dean fresh determination. He moves to sit cross-legged, having no idea how long this is going to take. But he isn't going anywhere. Not without Cas.
"I did. I do. I always have," Cas says. He's fighting so hard not to keep crying. What has he done to him? This soldier of God, this angel, this incredible man stood before him; what has he done?
"Jack got you out of The Empty?"
"Why are you here?"
"My what?"
"Yeah, but you had nothing. Nobody. I should've... I wish I could take it all back."
So their new lives won't be entirely free from their history, their mastery of fraud and forgery funding whatever lies ahead. Dean won't know guilt for it. Their retirement plan isn't exactly conventional, but if this is the only way they'll get thanks for all they've been through, Dean is good with it. For now, at least.
Cas is unmoving, as always, though it's been a while since Dean couldn't read for sure what Cas is really thinking on his face. Dean thinks he is cautious, and hurting, not sure what to think or trust. Why?
The crinkles at the corners of Cas' eyes steals all of Dean's attention making him almost drop the bundle of clothes he's holding on to.
Cas. He's here. Stood by the side of the road with his hands in his trenchcoat pockets and a smile of certainty on his face Dean knows is echoed on his own. Dean's stomach is in knots as he pulls over, out of the car in seconds not even sure if he's put the brake on.
Cas turns his wrists so he can slot his fingers through Dean's, now smiling at him through his tears. "I want that. If we can have that."
Sam turns his head; Dean feels it without even looking for it, smiling and knowing the moment his smile is returned. He could put on music, start up an endless conversation about everything they've been through and the monumental task that's just been completed. They won't, because if there is one thing that underwrites everything they are, it's that there is so much they can say to one another without saying a word out loud. Without too many words, anyway.
The Empty is the exact void Dean has envisioned every time Cas told him about it, roaring in its silence and blinding in the darkness that is all around. Every step is uncertain as much as it is steady. Every noise imagined as sure as it is not. The fluttering of his heart reminds Dean he is living and breathing here, though it helps to press his hand to his chest to be sure.
Their goodbye at the bus station isn't really a goodbye, more of a see you around, see you soon. Like a conversation that starts and stops without ever being over, picked up after long pauses and time apart; this is who they are now. Who they will be. Their lives intrinsically tied and for once to be lived apart. Dean drives away from the station watching Sam already disappearing in the rearview, excited for his future as much as he is for his own. Which isn't to say nerves don't kick in when all that silence in the Impala roars louder for having no company. What are the exact right words for him to say to Cas?
"Cas is here?"
For the look of joy it puts on Cas' face, he might as well have given him the world. "I'd like that."
He wants to give Cas everything. Dean raises their joined hands to kiss the back of Cas' keeping eye contact as he does. "I'm as sure about us as I've been about anything. No; that's not right; I'm more sure. I mean, yeah, Cas. I'm sure. Just... come home, Cas. We'll figure it all out."
He searches, for hours or days, Dean can't tell, every step he takes feeling like he is closer to getting somewhere and also further away from everything he knows. Time, existence, nothing has any meaning here, and why should it? Nothing is supposed to be awake. Who knows; maybe for immortal beings The Empty is a writhing, swirling hell of something that is beyond his human vision. Maybe Cas could never explain truly just what The Empty is, because no words could ever recreate it accurately enough. Or maybe the true horror of it all is the nothingness. Maybe his mind is playing tricks on him because his senses can't interpret anything around him.
"I apologize, Dean."
get used to it.
somewhere?"
He's here. Cas. Dean drops to his knees beside him even though he can't see, knowing without question that he's finally found him. The moment he lays his hand on Cas' chest, everything in Dean knows peace and certainty. And he can
"Yeah, Cas. Out of here. Home. With me."
"You got everything you could ever want, or need or... dream. So, I guess the question is, what are you gonna do now, Dean?"
Dean knows the answer. Dean knows that the only way to make all of this okay, to fix things for good this time, is all on him. He has to be the one to do this, because if he doesn't, how will Cas ever know how much he needs him around?
"I understand."
Okay, he loves that too. "I guess I deserve that."
"Dean. He did say he wanted to do this hands-off."
Home. What is home going to look like when they get back? Muscle memory tells Dean they'll go on hunting, but his heart just isn't is it. They'll figure it all out. Just as soon as they get back.
He's in touching distance. Cas. The one who has saved him over and over again, given Dean purpose and strength when he'd thought he'd had none. And he's loved him, for all this time, without ever asking for anything in return. Is it any wonder in these final moments of being alone, that Dean is overwhelmed by the gravity of knowing he won't ever be again? He doesn't think so.
"I figure. That car'll take you anywhere you need to be."
"I do. More than you know."
Dean wants to trust, he does, and everything feels so final, but the feelings of knowing he should feel unrewarded and also being at peace isn't sitting quite right at the same time. Though what can he do? Dean looks around him breathing deep, then picks a direction. Stumbles to a stop for trying to work out exactly where here is.
Dean leans closer, pressing his forehead against Cas', and sure even more than he has been these past few hours that everything is going to be alright. Cas loosens his grip on him and instead rests his hands on his shoulders, pulling back with an expression that is a louder
"Back to the bunker? Or we could call Jack?"
Nothing. Cas isn't even stirring. Dean refuses to panic because he can't even feel his heart. This is The Empty, and Cas is an angel; he shouldn't be treating him like a human, searching for a heartbeat or pulse. And he needs to keep going.
"Out somewhere with Eileen," Dean says.
He just needs him to wake up. How long Cas might need to recover from removing his grace Dean doesn't know. But he'll be here for it, however long he needs to wait. He's left only long enough for the bathroom and some water, not wanting Cas to wake up alone. From this chair and with one eye on the bed, Dean has texted Sam to find out why they came back to an empty bunker. That Sam and Eileen are off somewhere starting their own adventure seems fitting, and also gives Dean reassurance that his and Cas' conversation won't be overheard. Whenever they get to have it. Dean has to ignore the urge he has to wake him, impatient for the next part of their lives to get started. They'll get there. They'll get everything. He just needs to learn a little patience.
Cas traces his thumb along the scar before looking up. "Yes."
Cas frowns, opening his mouth to speak and then dropping his gaze to their hands again. "I need to know, that you won't change your mind. That you aren't only telling me these things so that I will leave, willingly."
Cas nods, slowly, trapping Dean's thumb beneath his own. "I see."
Cas' smile settles all the racing in Dean's head and heart. He nods, though doesn't answer, patient as he always is with him.
"No, I know that. None of this comes with an easy fix. But things are different now. We're different. Everything is," Dean says, thinking again of a life that isn't directed purely by looking for the next hunt. What will that look like? What will they look like? He hasn't a clue; maybe that's the most exciting part of it all.
Cas' eyes flare wide, though he raises his hands to rest against Dean's chest. Does he not want to touch him? Does he not want that sort of relationship with him? Does—
The lull of tire on road, the rush of wind against his face through the open window; these feelings are as comforting to Dean as any home. Sam is beside him, as he always has been, as he always will be. A thousand miles apart or only with this gap on the seat between them wouldn't make any difference. These past few years have taught him that, slowly, allowing Dean to imagine a life out there in the world on his own.
He needs to be brave. Dean adjusts his elbows against the table then drops down his arm, extending his hand. He waits, watching Cas looking at his fingers, knowing relief when Cas slots his own through. Dean feels anchored for it, and like he's flying. This is something so simple, and yet for them is anything but. But in a good way. They just have to get this part out of the way, first.
Cas takes his turn to look around the room. "Dean. I think we are safe."
Cas' jaw trembles. Dean watches it before he looks him in the eye, and seeing Cas crying is the worst thing in the world. He tugs him into a fierce hug sobbing into Cas' shoulder, crying even more when he eventually hugs back just as hard. But he has to look him in the eye for this.
"Yeah, Cas. Of course I was. You didn't
Carefully, gauging his reaction for guidance, Dean ducks his head and brushes his lips over Cas'. When Cas only chases it Dean kisses him firmer, closing his eyes in relief as Cas kisses back. Everything else, everything they will ever be, they'll deal with it, together. One moment at a time.
"Thank you."
"Right now?" Cas says, back to that teasing smile.
"You came here, to tell me that?" Cas asks, his voice gruffer than normal. Is it from sleep? Dean's words?
In the bathroom Dean finds Cas a spare toothbrush and points out which toiletries to use, leaving him a couple of towels to one side. They'll have to buy him razors, and shaving cream, and all kinds of other things. That he's excited for the thought of something as simple as shopping with Cas shouldn't be a surprise to him but Dean is surprised. There isn't anything he doesn't want to experience with him.
He doesn't want this. This is not the life he'd started planning for himself. All these years of sacrifice and this? This is how he goes? It's unfair. All of it is. Though while he can't hide all of how scared he is, for Sam, he'll be strong. So it's goodbye, brother. See you on the other side of everything. Dean knows how this works. It just really didn't feel like his time.
Cas has every right to look as suspicious as he does. And Dean thinks he has every right, for that suspicious look on Cas' face, to be falling in love with him all over again. To feel that love, and all that comes with it, and for once acknowledge it. For once bathe in the knowledge that he too is loved.
What can Dean say to that? There is only truth to Sam's words. The bunker will forever be a home for them, but it won't be the only one they'll ever know. His and Sam's next homes won't even be ones that they share.
Cas' eyes flicker. "The connection was lost."
"No. You can't. And this time, it's permanent. I don't know how long you might need to adjust to that, but I'm here for you. Okay, Cas? Whatever you need."
Cas nods, giving Dean time to swallow back the nervousness he is feeling.
"Dean. I remember how to take a shower."
"Then, where should I be? Should I be helping Jack, or—"
"Of course."
"I do," Sam agrees, stretching. In comfort for once; not rolling his neck for sleeping at a bad angle, or testing aching limbs after another endless fight. Sam is at peace too, and Dean can thrive on knowing that with certainty now. For the first time in their lives, their future is open. With faith, Dean is confident everything is going to turn out right.
"That, and to get you out of here."
"Cas," Dean says, with his voice breaking again, "hey, Cas, can you look at me? Please? Please? Just open your eyes for me, okay? Cas, please; after everything, after all you'd done—and with everything you mean to me—please don't tell me you don't think you deserve to be saved?"
"You want me to come with?"
Sam doesn't say anything at first, though then nods to a sign. "There."
"Yeah. It is."
"What? No—"
The thing about puncture wounds is that the pain arrives after the injury, cold seeping in before any agony really starts. Dean's been stabbed enough times to know the feeling, but this one is different. The cold ache is bone deep, and for once won't have the chance to leave any scars.
"Why would you leave me? Cas? Why now?" Dean asks, tugging on Cas' arm so he has to turn back to face him.
"Oh, I don't know. Maybe I need to test it again. I love you," Dean says, loud and clear and far too giddy to care that he's being an idiot. It's worth it for the look of delight on Cas' face, and the joy in his own heart.
Dean would be more euphoric for the realization if he wasn't so terrified by it. But now is not the time to give into that terror; isn't that the path he's gone down far too many times in the past? Without a word, he sits with fresh resolve to get this done right, checking their location and planning his route back to the bunker.
"What? Why?"
"Where are we going?"
"No."
Cas walks behind him, pouring the coffee Dean put on. "Yes."
"No. You don't, Cas," Dean says, gripping on to him harder. "You don't. I mourned you. I buried you. Hell, I lost myself when I was sure you weren't ever coming back. So many times. And I argued with you, over everything, because it's easier, right? For me, anyway. Getting angry all the time?"
Cas only watches him fall over his own words. Dean sort of loves that as well.
He wants to keep this playful, and lighthearted, but Dean also needs Cas to realize how much he means his words. "The thing is, when you were gone—I mean before; all the times you were gone before—I didn't... I wasn't doing too well. With you being gone, I mean. Without you."
"That I want to get you out of here? Yeah, Cas."
"Hey, Cas."
"What?" he says, reaching out and grabbing on to his arm before Cas can go anywhere. This is not ending like this.
Of course Cas is looking him in the eye. When hasn't he trapped Dean just by staring at him? "I knew there was no possibility of you returning it."
Cas' smile is bitter, and makes Dean's heart race. "I want to leave. I also want to know what am I leaving for. Where I am needed."
Cas rolls his eyes, which Dean loves, leaning across him and gesturing for Dean to lean to the side. "If I am to become human," he says as he helps himself to Dean's knife, "then there is one thing I need to be without."
"And when you did say something, I was just way, way too out of it with everything happening to reply. I hate it. I hate you going like you did, thinking I didn't have anything to say to you back. So, you know, what, Cas? I need you to wake up, now. I need you to get up, so I can get you out of here, and we'll go somewhere, and really talk. Because I need you, Cas. I need you, in so many ways, for so many things. But it's more than that. I want you, too. In all kinds of ways. And, uh, the first time I tell you how I feel properly, you better damn well be awake to hear it."
This drive is different. There is purpose to it like nothing else, a sense of certainty in his core that lets Dean know he's going exactly where he needs to be. The views are beautiful, because of course they are. Hasn't he told Cas over and over exactly how his favorite drives would look if he was free to drive without purpose for hours?
Cas nods in understanding. Dean raises their hands to kiss the back of his again. He holds on tight, smiling and gritting his teeth, terrified for how much Cas might be hurting. He won't look away, he won't leave Cas alone, and if he needs to, he will carry Cas out of here.
With a groan of relief, Dean drops his forehead on Cas' shoulder, squeezing back when he feels Cas' fingers twitch. An inquisitive hand pats at his side and all Dean can think is how much he needs to hold him. Though not like this.
"What? You gonna make this a thing, Cas? Getting a thing out of making jump out my own skin?"
"Dean."
"Thanks. You sure you don't just wanna get a car?"
Cas' smile is the most beautiful thing Dean thinks he's ever seen. He knocks his shoulder against Dean's, then nods at his lap. "Your knife."
Cas loves it, giving Dean a smile that makes his heart swell. He climbs in, sitting neat as Dean closes the door for him, watching as Dean jogs around to his side of the car. This? This is heaven to Dean. Cas by his side in the Impala with an entire afterlife to explore.
"Do you need me to leave?"
. Dean laughs, loud and raucous, the sound of it echoing out around the Impala and beyond, because he knows it's true, and because, well, why not? This is heaven. He's in heaven. There isn't anything else left for him to fear.
"So. Where are we headed?"
"I think so," Dean says anyway, for once not needing to do anything but trust. He just needs to get to him, and despite knowing there are words to rehearse on the way, Dean already knows exactly how his and Cas' conversation will work out.
"Yeah. Because I thought that's what you wanted to hear."
"Good."
That doubt leaves Cas' eyes, leaving them crinkled in the corners instead. Dean loves it. Dean loves him. So he tells him again, right as he claims their first kiss, feeling the curve of Cas' lips against his own. This, this is worth everything, all the things they've been through and all the losses they've overcome. Finally, they have a win, and this one? This is all Dean's own.
"Yes. We are."
"I'm good. When I get there, I will. Probably. I don't know yet. I don't know anything about tomorrow. Isn't that incredible?" Sam adds, and Dean has to turn his head to catch his smile. It's euphoric, a look that he's not seen on his brother's face in a while. Maybe ever. He likes it a lot.
"Can I, uh. Hug you?"
At dawn, fuelled only by bad coffee and a candy bar he found in the trunk, Dean watches the sun glint off something in the distance and feels as though his soul has been realigned. White noise fills his ears, the urge to speed up wins pushing his foot against the pedal and his heart against his throat. Last minute words air their final rehearsal, even if Dean's now convinced he won't need to say much of anything at all.
"Out of The Empty?"
"Dean."
Cas still isn't moving. "Why?"
"Yeah, Sam."
"I love you, Cas," Dean blurts out without even meaning to, his heart already pounding. Cas' smile is triumphant, even if he's starting to tear up.
"Yes."
"You're needed, because, I need you. Because I need you in my life, Cas. I want you in my life. Not to serve, or to save, or hunt, or for any of that. Just to be with me. If you want that too, obviously."
"You did all of this?" he says just to start their conversation. Dean gestures around them as he speaks, knowing he has a literal eternity to explore this heaven of his properly. With Cas right by his side.
"I would prefer not to be mad at you."
"Dean."
Dean grits his teeth, pressing the heel of his hand against the steering wheel focusing on the view out of the Impala windshield, leaving Sam's question unanswered as long as he can. "Uh, no."
Dean does not dwell on the thought of Cas taking a shower. "Okay. So, how about you take a shower, and I'll fix us something to eat?"
“Why are you being so nice now?”
Dean’s blush intensifies tenfold under Castiel’s compliments. He feels his breath leave his lungs as his eyes widen, and his pulse quickens. All he has to do is lean in a few centimeters and…
Pulling off, Dean chuckles softly. “Porn and lots of self-exploration,” he says, using his free hand to pump Castiel slowly. “Deep throating is gonna take some work,” he says, dipping down again, wrapping his lips around the throbbing cock.
“I told you to go away, Cas. Now I can’t be held responsible for what happens next.” Dean growls, lowering his head to Castiel’s neck. “I wonder what angel blood tastes like.” Castiel tips his head as if offering himself up to Dean. Licking the skin, Dean savors the salt and flavor of Castiel. A mix of cedar and a hint of mint. Smiling, Dean opens his mouth and bites into Castiel’s neck, his body stiffening. Castiel wraps his arms around Dean’s shoulders, holding him tighter. Dean practically purrs, drinking deep from the angel.
“That guy walked in right after the server left. I was trying to wait for him to leave,” Dean says softly, watching Castiel. He shifts in his seat slightly, clearing his throat.
“The porch?” Castiel questions, looking around them. He squints into the sunlight. “Dean, what time is it?” He questions, pushing himself up. Slowly, Castiel stands and looks into his house. “What the fuck happened?”
Dean sighs, rubbing his face as he sits on the edge of the bed. He looks up at Sam. “Okay, here’s the deal. I don’t have an answer that you’ll like or understand, Sam,” he pauses. “So for the last time, Stop. Asking. Questions,” Dean warns as his eyes narrow, challenging his brother.
Sam just nods, looking at the two of them. “Dean, I’m going to need you to articulate your answers better. You can’t leave all the talking to Cas,” he teases. “So, is there a difference in his anatomy because he’s an angel, Dean?”
Dean glances up, glaring at Sam over Castiel’s shoulder. “Fuck you, Sam. For the hundredth time. I’m fine.” He pauses. “I told you specifically not to call him.” He glares back at Castiel as he tries to steady his breathing. “Really? That’s how you wanna play this?” Dean’s voice a low whisper as he can feel his hands curl into fists at his side, biting his bottom lip firmly.
Dean shrugs, reaching for a burrito. He’s not really paying attention and accidentally reaches for the same one as Castiel and blushes as their fingers brush against one another. Dean clears his throat, pulling his hand back quickly, and grabs the second option. “S’not a problem,” he keeps his eyes on his food as he unwraps it and can feel the tips of his ears redden. “Like I said, I have the next three days off, and I’m free,” he licks his lips, finally taking a bite.
About an hour later, the brothers walk into the motel room. Dean walks through the door, first chuckling at something. Looking up, he sees Castiel seated at the table and pauses quickly. He pales as his eyes narrow as he studies the angel, and Dean inhales sharply. “Cas?” He questions, furrowing his brow.
“Oh? What’s her name?” Castiel cocks a brow, pulling the door open.
When the morning sun shines through the window, Castiel climbs out of bed. He looks at himself in the mirror. Running his fingers through his unruly hair does nothing, as usual. Passing through the doorway, he enters the kitchen down the ways on the left. Castiel places a coffee cup under the spout of the Keurig and fills the water reservoir. Blindly, he reaches into the jar of coffee k-cups and places one into the holder on the machine. Finally, he starts the brewing process and leans back against the counter as he waits. Slowly, he rubs his temples, trying to slow the progress of the growing stress headache. There is so much to do today, and he needs caffeine to survive it all. When the coffee maker finally spews its last spit of water, Castiel pulls the cup from under the funnel and blows over the liquid. He takes a slow sip, relishing in the bold flavor splashing over his taste buds. Almost immediately, the bust of caffeinated energy surges through his bloodstream and rejuvenates his sleepy body. He inhales slowly and feels the pull of his lungs, and stops. Castiel smiles; he's learning how to control the coughing fits.
“I have a lock on Sam’s energy signature so that I can lead us to him. Let’s grab the weapons and get to the car. I’ll tell you where to go,” Castiel walks over to the bag of weapons by the door. He picks it up, the other hand on the doorknob. Opening the door, he looks over to Dean, feeling a little apprehensive. “Are you ready to leave, Dean?”
“Whoa, okay,” Dean chuckles nervously. “I work here,” he rubs the back of his neck and steps toward the door. “Mind taking this outside? I might be able to help you,” he motions for the woman to follow as he pushes the door open for them.
After a moment, Dean pulls away, removing his fingers, and leans his body over Castiel’s, reaching into his nightstand pulling out a bottle of lube. He sits back on his heels and squeezes some out onto his palm, and sets it to the side. Dean grabs his cock, slicking it up, moaning, as he leans back down, placing himself at Castiel’s opening. Dean puts a hand on the side of Castiel’s face as he pushes himself into him, a growl vibrating in his chest.
“I...I…” Dean blinks, unable to tear his eyes away from the man. It’s as though Castiel is a magnet pulling him closer and closer as his feet seem to have a mind of their own. He wets his lips and can feel his breaths becoming more and more shallow.
When he opens his eyes anew, the room is as it was. He takes a tentative step. Still wobbly, but it will have to do. He scans the room for his socks but can’t find them. He can do without. He slides his feet in his cold, wet shoes, throws his jacket on, and steps into the storm.
“Check if there is kale in the fridge; a sure proof your brother was here,” he says. He means it as a joke with there is no mirth in his voice.
…” He says in awe as he buries a hand in Castiel’s hair. “Always…” Dean breathes against Castiel’s lips. His eyes roll into the back of his head as he thrusts deeper into Castiel, running his thumb over his swollen, sensitive tip. “Soooooo goood,” he hisses through a clenched jaw.
“I don’t have anywhere else to be, Sweetheart,” Dean returns Castiel’s grin. “And I don’t mind cooking. The nurse said you need to rest, right?” He lifts a brow.
“What do you mean, he’s going alone!? We have to stop him. Did he say anything about where he was going? How can we track him, Dean?” Sam speaks a mile a minute, crossing the room to stand by his brother. “He can’t take them all out. They’re too good for that. Although…” Sam thinks hard for a minute. “Cas can smite with the best of them,” he lets that thought hang between the two of them.
“God, Cas, yes… stop playing, you’re killing me here,” Dean begs, on the precipice of climax.
“The first... What do you...? Where did you infer that from?”
“I...” Castiel struggles to find the right words. He can’t. “I don’t know what to tell you, Dean. The only person I’ve had sex with is April. And she killed me.”
“When you make me come,” Castiel starts, breathlessly, “I want you to fuck my mouth,” he groans, fucking back onto Dean’s fingers. “Dean,” he keens, chest heaving. “You climb up me and fuck me hard, you understand?” Castiel asks, his voice filled with desperation while his orgasm looms in the near distance. “Oh, fuck,” he moans.
Dean squeezes his thighs together at the thought. He picks up his glass and takes a drink, and licks the extra off his lips. “I’ll take that bet,” he pants.
“This young woman would like to know the identity of the firefighter who pulled a Mister Castiel Novak from a fire last night.” The receptionist narrows her eyes at Dean.
“Yeah, I suppose not,” Dean bites his lip, shaking his head. Would he ever be able to stop blushing around this man? More importantly, why was Castiel having such an effect on him? He pushes up from the chair and lets out a breath running a hand over his hair. Might as well go for broke, Winchester. “You know, I’m
Dean drops his head. “Goddamnit,” he shakes the angel in his arms. “Why the hell do all of you have to be such bastards?!” He lets go of Castiel, walking away from him. Moving to the kitchen, he grips the side of the sink, trying to get a reign on his anger. Turning on the water, he cups his hands under and brings his face down, splashing it with the cool water.
Castiel struggles to catch the slip, but only manages to crush it against his crotch. He winches, then gingerly picks up the slip of paper. He studies the neat block letters and smiles to himself as he remembers what the man looked like on the other side of the cameras. This, Dean, was tall, broad-shouldered, and devastatingly handsome. Castiel looks at the order again and frowns. There’s no way a hot guy like that, who orders hetero porn, would be interested in a guy like him. “I’ll put the order in. Thank you, Samantha.”
Castiel laughs slightly as he starts to rinse the suds out. He groans again, massaging the slick product out of his messy locks. Blindly, he grabs for the body soap, knocking over the conditioner in the process, and cringes as the bottle falls to the floor with a loud thump.
Dropping her to the ground, Dean spins, hearing a noise. Appearing before him is Castiel. Castiel tries hard to hide his surprise and his disappointment. Blood is splattered down the front of Dean’s clothes and all over his face and neck. The discarded woman at his feet. Dean is no longer the same man who has saved countless people and who has saved the world. Trying not to make any sudden moves, Castiel speaks in a low, calm voice. “Dean? It’s me, Castiel.” Castiel narrows his eyes, searching for the old Dean.
“Dean, I sent him to the bunker, the one safe place I know. What I think happened is that Sam left, coming back here to find you. I also think some of these vampires you’re hunting have found him. I told you that they are very powerful. I suspect one of them is near Alpha strength. Otherwise, they wouldn’t be able to try to hide Sam from me,” Castiel explains, feeling Dean’s anger beating against him. “When we find these vampires, we will find Sam. I am sure of this,” Castiel finishes, looking forward out of the windshield. “Dean, turn right, just ahead,” Castiel points down the dirt road in the distance.
Castiel thanks the doctor, and when he leaves, Castiel pulls the blanket back and swings his legs off the bed. It's only been a couple of days, but the constant bed rest made his legs feel like jelly. Castiel holds on to the side of the bed until he feels more stable. He opens the drawer in the small caddy next to his bed. Dean's clothes are in a bag, and Castiel can't help smiling to himself. He's a little shorter than the firefighter, but he is a bit thicker, if not leaner than Dean. Slinging the bag on top of the covers, he opens it and inspects the contents. A soft and well-worn AC/DC shirt, a pair of sweats, socks, and boxers. Castiel can't stop the laugh that escapes as he wanders into the bathroom.
As Dean’s anger grows, Castiel’s sadness does, too. He looks into the man’s green eyes.
More NSFW... I think I'm beginning to see a pattern. Huh... *shrugs*
“Brother, if you are
Dean quickly pulls away and tries to steady his breathing, locking on to Castiel’s eyes. “Terrible, actually, because I was worried about you all night. You can’t just do that, Cas.” Dean sighs, walking back over to grab his coffee mug. “I still don’t know what you were thinking rushing down there without me.”
“You’re not going to find them, Cas.” Dean licks his lips, trying to hide a smirk.
Dean chuckles, shaking his head. “The guy probably has like a million questions.” He grunts, sitting up on the edge of the bed before getting up and grabbing their discarded pants off the floor. Dean hands the grey sweatpants to Castiel and steps into his pajama pants.
Picking his head up from the table, Castiel looks around for the vibrating sound that fills the motel room. He scans the two men sleeping in the beds and tips his head when he notices that one of them is not asleep. “Dean, what are you doing?”
“Check the loft. I’ll go back outside and circle the cabin, just in case.”
Castiel hears Dean’s footsteps as he goes up the stairs. His hands are gripping the sides of the sink so hard his knuckles are white. He stares at his reflection in the mirror, his blue eyes cold. He can’t recall the last time he’s felt so angry. Was Ishim right? Is getting involved with humans to err? Castiel thought his feelings were clear. He opened up to Dean like he never has to anyone, and this is how he’s been repaid. Maybe this is not an avenue worth pursuing.
Gently, Castiel places the slice on Dean’s tongue. “Tell me what you think,” Castiel asks, watching as Dean processes.
Dean’s eyes narrow, and he tilts his head slightly. “You still woke up on your porch,” he sighs. “Smoke inhalation can come with some pretty nasty after-effects like memory loss and fainting,” he counters. “You just got out of the hospital, and I offered to help if you need anything. I picked up breakfast on my way over, and I can give you a ride anywhere if you need one,” Dean offers.
“Cas,” Dean whispers in the darkness, “thank you, for never giving up on me.” He bites the angel’s lips, pulling slightly and rewarded with a moan, his arms clutching at Dean. “I want to show you how much I appreciate everything you’ve ever done for me.” Reaching down between them, Dean takes Castiel into his hand, surprised at the weight and length of the angel’s tool.
He winks, and with that, he is gone again.
It doesn’t take long, and Samantha sends a message of her own.
“Here, Boss, let me,” Samantha offers, reaching the mask and putting the strap over the back of her employer’s head and adjusts the plastic over his face. “Are they going to send a tank of this stuff home with you?” She asks while pulling a chair up.
“I should probably wait. You go ahead.”
Castiel moves, bracing his feet on the outside of Dean’s thighs, and hangs his ass off the couch. “Is this good?” He sits up and leans into the soft material.
Castiel licks his lips, then looks at the table. “Well, as you know, Lucifer created Jack… and in the time I’ve been alive, only human females have borne children. I have heard some rumors though,” Castiel’s eyes flutter over to Dean.
Dean looks up; his attention is drawn to where Sam is pointing. His whole body stiffens as his breathing becomes erratic at the sight of his angel. Dropping the weapon in his hand, his eyes sting as tears begin falling silently down his cheeks. He swallows hard, clenching his jaw before finally getting to his feet, his knees feeling weak. Rushing over to Castiel’s side, Dean surveys the extent of his wounds before placing both hands on each side of his face, cupping it gently. “No, no, no, Cas, come back to me,” Dean chokes, patting Castiel's cheek, trying to wake him up.
Dean changes quickly and makes his way over to the bed. A wave of exhaustion hits him as his head touches the pillow. He closes his eyes, falling asleep quickly before a blue-eyed angel invades his dreams.
Here We GO!
“Castiel… that power….” Sam begins, but stops, stunned at the scene of a naked Dean sitting on a very naked Castiel. The blanket pooled in the men’s lap. “Tell me you two didn’t… just….” Sam blinks.
“Dispatch confirmed one person in the store. Fire seems to be growing pretty quick. They got some other calls about it, too.” Garth informs them.
Driving back to the motel, both are silent in the car. The fighting doesn’t start until their motel room door closes behind them.
Suddenly, just like that, the fight has gone out of Castiel. His shoulders slump, and he hangs his head. He looks at his bare feet on the frayed rug.
“It’s okay, buddy. It took me some time to fight through the snow. It’s really coming down out here,” Dean catches the both of them, so they don’t go tumbling into the snow. “I got ya. Come on, let’s get inside and dry,” Dean pulls the angel up straight, helping him up the porch and into the cabin. Once inside, Dean smiles, seeing the electricity back on. “All that work was not wasted. So, do you think they have a shower? You can go first, faster than toweling off, I think,” Dean offers, removing his coat and setting it on the hanger by the door.
Whimpering, Castiel slows his hips. “Please,
Shaking his head, trying not to smile, and failing. Castiel leans in incredibly close to Dean, pulling his head down to his neck. Dean fights the need to bite, his fangs extending. His body starts to shake with the willpower to keep calm. Castiel drags the blade just below his Adam's apple, the blue Grace dancing close to Dean’s slightly opened mouth. “Now, Dean,” Castiel begs, pushing his head closer.
Dean rolls to a stop, paling as he eyes the smoke. Blinking a few times quickly, he cuts the ignition. The silence in the car is almost deafening. Dean inhales sharply before looking at Sam. “Grab the bag from the backseat,” he says quietly, his voice laced with fear he’s trying to mask before getting out of the car and making his way to the trunk.
a sex shop. Yeah, there was
>> Hey, angel, are you busy? I wanted to tell you that I’m doing okay. Samantha said to me that you were asking after me. I thought I would finally use that number you sent me. I have to tell you that I am really hap[y that you saved me. I think I woudl have died if you weren’y there. I don’t know how I’m ever supposed to thank you for that, but I suppopsed starting with sucking you off, that was good, wasn’t it? You don’t have to do anytthing for it, angel. Ijust want you to know that I appreciate everything you’ve done so far.
Castiel squats down in the shower to pick up the fallen container and jerks slightly when he hears Dean’s voice so close to the door. “Yeah, Dean. I’m fine, just dropped the soap,” Castiel chokes back a laugh. “Feel like helping me pick it up?” He teases.
Dean blinks, taking in Castiel’s words. There is a part of him that understands almost precisely what he is hearing, but how had he not seen it? How had Dean not seen the desire in Castiel’s blue eyes that were now burning into his? How had he not realized that he carries similar feelings? Dean brings his hands up to cup each side of Castiel’s face. He bites his lip and chuckles softly at the mention of the porn he had shown Castiel. Dean eyes the running shower before looking back to Castiel. “You, uh, don’t wear clothes in the shower Cas…” Dean breathes.
Letting his mind wander to the other day on his couch, Castiel starts to get hard. Dean’s imagined moans and grunts goading him into taking his pants off and chucking them across the room. Gripping himself in one hand and the whiskey in the other, Castiel alternates jerking himself and drinking. When he finishes the bottle, he lets it fall to the carpet with a soft thud. He’s so hard at this point, edging himself for the past hour.
He lifts the man's shoulders and sits him up a bit. “Hey. Hey, man. I need you to wake up,” Dean gently pats the man's shoulder. “Come on, can you hear me?!”
“If I do this, you leave? Like go, and not come back?” Dean looks up at the demon, his rage simmering close to the surface, knowing one more push will make him snap. He needs Crowley gone, he has questions for the angel, and he intends on getting answers, one way or another.
Sighing, Dean begins shuffling around the books and papers on the table. He looks up into the small mirror placed on the other side of the room. Dean’s eyes narrow as he studies his reflection. Standing up quickly, he moves closer to the mirror, now seeing a decent bruise on his neck. Bringing his fingertips up to his neck, Dean touches it lightly as his heart begins to beat faster. Glancing around the room, he quickly rushes over to his bed, throwing on an old t-shirt, hoping it covers the mark. Dean hurries back to the mirror, seeing it still peeking out from the collar of the shirt. “Sonovabitch,” he whispers to himself as his eyes dart around the room. Rushing back over to his duffel bag, Dean pulls out a soft red flannel and throws it on. He sighs; the newly added shirt just barely covers the sizable mark. It would have to do, and Dean hopes like hell that Sam doesn’t notice. Sitting back down at the table, he busies himself, pulling a thick book in front of himself and opens it to a random page.
Castiel remains alert as Dean walks to the kitchen in case Crowley decides to reappear. When it’s clear that Crowley won’t, Castiel’s body relaxes. He can feel his heartbeat where Dean grabbed his arms. Castiel hugs himself, massaging the sore spots. He should say something; he knows he should. But what? Crowley’s words have apparently made an impact on Dean. He can’t understand why—the angel shivers.
Dean swallows hard and stares in disbelief as he watches Castiel walk towards the restroom. He shifts in his seat out of anticipation and glances at his watch. He picks up his glass and drains it in it one go.
“Dean, I’m close,” he warns, giving ample time for Dean to stop if he wants.
Dean stares into the hazel eyes of the brother he swore to protect with his life, his words like knives to his heart. He swallows hard, nodding. “Alright, Doctor Phil... enough with the feelings, okay?” He sighs, glancing around the field before meeting Sam’s eyes again. “I get it. Now let’s go do our job, kill some monsters, and find Cas,” Dean nods, clapping Sam on his shoulder before turning, slamming the trunk down.
“No, not at all,” Dean shakes his head. “That’s the only way steak should be cooked,” he grins, grabbing another piece of the eel.
“Dean, normally I have to beg you to help me read books. Unless it’s a skin rag, but I’m sure you just like the pictures,” Sam cocks a brow, a stupid grin plastered on his face as he roasts his brother.
Patting Castiel on the side of his arm, Dean smiles. “Yes, Cas. I promise that I’ll take you along again. Hell, you can even ride shotgun. Sam will have to deal with the backseat. Now, finish your soup, I’ll be back in a moment, and hopefully, we’ll have power.” Dean zips his coat up, opening the cabin door quickly, and disappears out into the storm.
“Oh, is there a Boston cream in there?” Garth asks, making his way to the pastry box.
Dean raises his brow a bit, taking another sip. “Rebellion?” He questions, studying Castiel’s face. “That sounds like a story when you’re ready to tell me,” he smiles softly, looking down at the bottle. “This beer is excellent,” he offers, giving the other man an out.
>> Everything is fine. I’ll send Dean a text and let him know that I’m okay. I’m sorry to have put you in the center of all of this, but I appreciate it. I should probably work on calling the insurance company so we can rebuild and get back to work.
Rolling over, Castiel groans, his coat disintegrated, shirt ripped, and ears bleeding. The wall he flew through, absolutely destroyed. He stands, looking around the room he finds himself in. There are what appear to be prison cells and a shocked Sam standing in one of them. Castiel slowly makes his way over as his body painfully repairs itself. “It’s good to see you, Sam,” Castiel mumbles.
“So what was the first time like? Are there any special bits or bobs that go along with mating with an angel,” Sam’s lack of knowledge actually disturbed him a bit. Still, Dean had now been with two angels… and it always made him curious what it would be like.
“Do your worst, Cas,” Dean whispers, waiting for Castiel’s touch.
Castiel feels exhausted but has the feeling that this storm has finally passed. Dean’s regular breathing, and slightly unnerving snoring, make him smile. Slowly, making sure not to wake up the Winchester, Castiel gets up. Wrapping the blanket around Dean, he swoops the man up as if he weighs no more than a feather. He takes him upstairs and lays him on the bed, arranging the blanket. Castiel then slips under the comforter and, lying on his back, lets the sound of Dean’s heartbeat lull him into a meditative state.
Castiel closes his eyes as Dean dries his hair with the towel. It feels good. He realizes that he hasn’t had much physical contact recently aside from the usual pat on the arm or squeezing of the shoulder. Suddenly, he feels really vulnerable, as if the facade he’s been putting up for months is mere seconds from crumbling.
Gripping Dean’s legs to keep him steady, Castiel searches his lover’s face. “Do you not want to do this?” He rubs little circles into the hardness under his fingers. Castiel tilts his head back, readying himself just in case.
Dean wraps his lips around the glistening tip and moans at the taste of Castiel as his index finger goes back to work. He sucks gently as his finger makes a few more soft, lazy circles before dipping the pad of his finger in.
Dean jumps at the sound of the curtain opening as his hands cover his groin in reflex, relaxing a bit, seeing Castiel, and laughs nervously.
Smiling to himself, Dean steps into the warm shower as he feels his heart swell slightly at his angel’s worry and protectiveness. “I think I can handle a shower, Cas,” he smirks to himself. “Unless you’re ready for round two already.” Closing his eyes, he sighs as the warm water soothes his sore muscles.
Dean swallows hard, looking at Sam. Shutting his eyes tightly, he nods. “Yes, Sam. I promise,” Dean coughs, clearing his throat as he grabs his keys and phone off the nightstand. “There should be a bag of weapons in the back seat.” He starts for the door.
“Dean, the shower isn’t for me. It’s to muffle the sounds,” he grins, a mischievous glint in his eyes. Castiel wedges his leg further between Dean’s legs, finally making contact with the most intimate of places. At the same time, Castiel finds Dean’s hard nipple and pinches it lightly between his fingers.
Dean nods. “Yeah, he’s great. And no complaints here, the food’s been awesome,” he smiles.
Tipping his head, Dean studies Castiel. “Cas, tell me what’s happened. Why won’t you let me go? What have I done?” The panic is thick in his voice, and he is afraid of what his angel will tell him. He braces for the bad news.
“How?” Castiel replies, still working on cutting the meat into bite-sized cubes.
Dean’s eyebrows shoot up at the complexity of his younger brother’s questions. “Wow, Sam. I’m not even sure how to answer that.” He shakes his head as he chews on his bottom lip thoughtfully. Dean inhales before speaking again. “Maybe it started when he pulled me from hell…” He shrugs. “But when he looks at me, it’s like he actually sees
Sam follows Castiel with his eyes. “Dean, I’ve just never heard about an angel falling in love with a human before. I’m curious to know why and how it happens. I’m also curious to see how mating is different when the species is not the same. Unlike you, Dean, I think all the time about everything. So I’m sorry if I have a lot of questions, but this is interesting, and you told me you’d answer.” Sam returns his eyes to his brother, taking another swig from his beer.
He grins a sleepy grin to himself as the coffee maker's sudden silence pulls his attention, and he grabs his steaming mug and makes his way towards the bathroom. He stops on the way to turn on his sound system and nods to himself as the tune of Led Zeppelin fills the space.
Dean’s glance at him hurts like a dagger. Castiel wants to scream. He wants to… He doesn’t know what he wants, but it doesn’t matter. Something has been broken. He knew he should have listened to his apprehension. Castiel pinches his lips. Whatever will happen from here needs to take place after Crowley is gone. There is no need to add fuel to the raging fire.
“Thank you,” Castiel returns, his cheeks heating slightly at the attention. “The food is so delicious, I just can’t stay away,” he laughs.
Dean rolls over as his eyes peel open, seeing Sam sitting up. He yawns, settling himself on his back, glancing over his shoulder at Sam. “You alright?” He asks as he rubs the sleep out of his eyes before sitting up, taking a quick glance around the room.
Dean sighs, running his hands through his hair. Was he wrong? Maybe he should have never said anything. What the hell would an angel know about love anyway? They’ve all been bastards in the past, what’s one more to the pile? Still incredibly angry and his heart still stinging from the games Castiel is playing, Dean makes his way up to the loft, daring a glance at the bathroom. Dean lets out a shaky breath, forcing himself to drop the argument when all he wants to do is break down the bathroom door and show the proud angel how much he means to him.
“Why did I choose to run a den of ill repute?” Castiel laughs. “Rebellion, I suppose,” Castiel looks down at his beer, his eyes holding hurt and uncertainty.
Dialing the number, Sam orders two pizzas, one with bacon and pepperoni, the other with vegetables and cheese. He orders a salad for himself. He hangs up the phone, looking at his brother. “Don’t be so eager to answer. You may not like the questions I ask,” Sam tips his head to Dean.
“Fuck,” comes his muffled voice from behind the bright checkered fabric.
“Dean,” he whispers, shivering at how good the man’s name sounds in his room. “Fuck, I want you so bad, beautiful,” Castiel groans. Pushing up into his grip, he sighs as the dryness takes away from the experience. It’s nothing like Dean would probably feel like, he assures himself. “God, I want you so bad, angel,” he moans again, his cock leaking. Castiel’s free hand grips at the comforter but then bumps into something hard, his phone.
Dean’s eyes widen, and he nods, moving towards the edge of the couch, holding his hand out for the lube. “Yeah, hell yeah,” he grins before turning slightly shy but excited to try this with Castiel.
Sitting up at the sound of Castiel’s gruff, raspy voice. Dean swallows hard and grabs a pillow from behind his head, throwing it over his groin. He coughs, rubbing his mouth before searching the room for Castiel. Their eyes meet as he shakes his head, “Cas, what the hell are you doing here?”
Dean gently grabs Castiel’s elbow to help steady the man and looks at his watch. “Almost ten in the morning,” he studies Cas’ face and furrows his eyebrows. “What’s the last thing you remember?” He asks.
Castiel grins, noticing Dean’s stare. He leans in closer, tilting his chin up a fraction.
“It’s fine,” Castiel replies, shaking himself from whatever this is. He meets Dean at the table, a small smile across his lips. “Thank you for taking the time to check on me. I am fine, though. There is no need for you or Samantha to worry about me,” Castiel chuckles while reaching for a burrito.
Dean sets his glass down and nods and smiles at the waiter. “Yeah. Everything’s been great. Perfect. Thank you,” he says.
“Are you sure you want to give me this, Dean?” Castiel questions. “I am quite the needy man,” Castiel laughs as the nurse makes her way to the side of his bed. “See you around, angel,” he quips, winking at the man who saved his life.
Dean stands up suddenly, glaring at Castiel. He stares him down for a moment. Dean shakes his head as he bites his lip, still smirking, then clears his throat. “Fuck you,” Dean says before turning, bumping shoulders with Castiel. Snatching his coat and keys up from the bed, Dean walks toward the door to the motel room, slamming it behind him.
“Now you see, I would be delighted to leave, but as much as it pains me to say it, your brother is not an idiot. I’m willing to bet Hell there is a devil’s trap under this ugly rug.
Castiel wavers imperceptibly at the other man’s genuine concern then pushes on.
Dean quickens his pace as he feels undone, looking down at his angel. “All
Bracing one foot against the end of the couch, Castiel slowly moves into the grip of his fist. “So tight, baby,” he growls, his words slurry with sleep. He bites his lip, then rubs his face in Dean’s lap.
to be, Cas,” Dean drops the towel and starts for the bathroom. “Didn’t think you’d wanna miss the show,” he calls over his shoulder, stepping into the shower.
Dean’s eyes widen, and he’s glad Castiel can’t see him blush at that moment. Was he that obvious? He clears his throat. “Uh, yeah, all good,” he calls back, cursing himself under his breath.
“Oh, no. Not again, Cas. If I had another one of those, my heart would give out.” The chains shake again, as Dean motions with his hands.
Once at the store, Dean finds himself standing in the middle of the produce section with no fucking clue what to get for them. This should be simple right, Dean likes food. Grab a couple of things and bring them back to Cas’ and let him cook. However, he doesn’t want the food or cooking to take too long, and Castiel needs to rest, and well, Dean’s a lot of things, but patient isn’t one of them.
“You’re perfect for him,” Samantha says, but the words are lost when the siren alarms somewhere in the fire station. “So perfect.”
“I believe most of that is for me to decide,” Dean calls, dipping his head under the spray. “I can’t really hear above the water. You’ll have to come in if you wanna talk,” he sighs, scrubbing his hands over his hair and face.
Castiel turns at the sound of Dean’s voice. The sight stuns him momentarily. Hands raised above him, locked in the cuffs, Dean’s golden tanned body is bare to him, entirely. Dean’s chest is hairless and adorned with the anti-possession mark. The nipples are light brown and now hard. Trailing down is a perfect path of darker brown fuzz that disappears into a well-kept area of pubic hair. Jutting firmly out is a rather sizable and attractive penis.
“CASTIEL YOU WINGED DICK!”  Roared Sam’s voice from down the corridor.  Cas shushed Dean who was struggling to contain his laughter.  They were hiding in the closet.
Anyway, enjoy the chapter!  I'll see you at the bottom!
“Only 5 or so times with your words, but a million times with those eyes.  You have the perfect smize just for me.” Erata crows proudly as she stands up and gives him the most sultry look.  He winks at her and she comes dashing across the space between them to straddle his lap. She presses her lips to his with a fervour he eagerly responds to.  His hands come up to grip her waist, feeling up and down her body before squeezing her even closer. She grips the back of his neck and runs her finger tips up through his short dark hair, scratching lightly.  They both pull away to breathe and rest their foreheads together.
“Thanks it’s-”  He froze as her face came into view, his chest constricted tightly as her familiar eyes widened in shock.
“And for our Rooks we would like access to all the lore we might need to figure out what you two are… and I would like my angel blade back.”
important in your life, Dean.”  Dean balks at the gall of this monster and turns to Cas.
The tumor hadn’t shrunk at all, meaning none of the treatments had worked.  The best they could do was pain management.  John wanted to scream the day Mary Winchester signed her DNR, he wanted to rage at her to keep fighting.
ALRIGHT HOW DID YOU LIKE IT SO FAR? It's gonna be about 10 chapters (rough guess, honestly.) and I have no clue how many words. My word count tends to fluctuate chapter to chapter (I mean... have you guys read GAPS? from 5k to 12k whiplash like WHAAA?) but it's all gonna be really fun, with some tension and case style mystery thrown in there. Please Comment, Leave Kudos, Subscribe, and Follow this story! Ya know, whatever you need to do to let me know you enjoyed this! Thanks again, all of you, see you on the flipside.
“Dean, don’t you think this is getting out of hand?”  Sam asks exasperatedly, and Dean sighs. More fed up with his brother’s complaining than Cas’ weird duck obsession.
“Dean… did you just quote
“Okay, well, at least I would have shared the door with my man.  That thing was totally big enough.” Charlie smirked at him and walked back to the door.
“Well, we are now literally bonded at the soul level.  Though before today I wasn’t even aware I had enough of a soul to be claimed.”  Cas’s eyebrows scrunch together in consideration.  “Jack said it was something to do with just me being who I am.  How I kept choosing humans, and not even just humanity itself.  But in choosing to form familial bonds.  He said it must have never quite left after my time as a human years ago, and so it formed.  Kind of explains a few things though.”  Cas said yanking off his tie and Dean had to grab his hands before he started unbuttoning his shirt.
It wasn’t.  In these small moments with Dean he seemed to forget the inner turmoil and shock of completely changing species.
“Man, you switch from understandable references to textbook speak so quickly I’ve got whiplash.”  Dean comments under his breath, rubbing the back of his neck. Coy laughs good naturedly as Cas leans in to examine the pieces closer.
“I can’t help it!  We just inflated a
“Negan.  But don’t call me coach.  Makes it sound like you got some weird ass kink you haven’t told Sherry about yet.”  Dwight chuckled a bit at that.
the end of the world.  He told Cas just as the first weird news reports were starting.  At the time it had all seemed like background information.  Not like they lived in a big city or anything, Lawrence was small enough to just not worry about what those big places got up to.
So what did you guys think?? Please let me know!  Things will start to pick up more and more from here on out.  This is the wind up before the pitch.  Hope you're ready for the curveball.
“Castiel, you need to do well at this job.  You would not be receiving it if it were not for Joshua’s command passed on from our father.  Apparently he thinks you the best for the job, and we are not to question such intelligence.”  Rapheal turned away from his brother slightly, which was good because Castiel eyebrows had raised in shock.  Father wanted
“Dinner’s Ready!”  Mary called and stepped into the living room.  “You good?”  She asked so the boys couldn’t hear.  “I know it’s not what you pictured for him, but give it a chance.  See how happy it makes him.”  John sighed and pushed himself off the couch, he didn’t say anything to his wife, but he’d show her he could try.  As we walked into the dining room and sat down he spoke to the newcomer.
He should be freaking out.  This certainly didn’t seem like any afterlife he had ever read about.  A purgatory situation would maybe have wound him up alone in a hospital.  But then he wasn’t alone was he...  Someone was holding his hand.  The sensation crept back into that hand, a numbness he didn’t know had been there until the pins and needles sensation flooded down to his fingertips.  He squeezed the hand back.  It was small and familiar.  His chest felt tight, his heart monitor sped up.  John Winchester did not want to open his eyes.
“All of them?”  Cas asks incredulously.
The day the commercial flight split apart over the island was easily the best day of his life.  It was the beginning of everything he would ever wanted.  Nothing would stop him.  Not having to kill his brother, Jacob.  Not his pesky little angel sidekick, and certainly not any of the festering humans who managed to survive the whole ordeal.
“Oooh hooo.  There he is! The being that was once bigger than a skyscraper.  He still peeks out from time to time. Exciting!”
.  The thought was still ridiculous, he couldn’t believe Dean was making any good money on it way out here in the middle of Kansas.  John felt at least somewhat justified to learn that his reaction the first time around had been worse than the second time, so at least the version of him that had been here before wasn’t a completely soft house-husband.
that title, ya feel me?  Truth is I met nothing but a long line of people who couldn’t push things just a little bit harder for those they loved.” Negan began to pace in front of the group, a slow casual swagger.  “They cracked.  People died.
… too mother fucking
“I know its-”
“You’d be a real inspiration to them, y’know?  Surviving a massive car accident, waking up after a year long coma… they’d probably think you were some superhero.”  He knew what she was doing, trying to give him more confidence in himself.
This new world was not brave, it was brutal, deadly, and thoroughly disappointing. He’d set out that morning hoping to find other individuals like him, strong enough to make it through at least the next few weeks.   He met a kid that first day out, he lost him not even an hour later.  His name was Jeremy.  After that he made a choice to head east, he took Cas’ suggestion and would make a go for Mt. Weather.  What the fuck right?  He might even meet the president if he made it through this.  Obama seemed like a chill guy, and strong too.
Then he woke up.
“I can’t tell if you’re using the threat of danger to turn me on more so you can drag me off to bed, or to actually warn me.”  Erata asks with playfully squinted eyes.
“Why didn’t you want to say goodbye to me?”
“Essentially yes.  Either way, if you don’t understand I’m sure you’ll figure it out soon enough.”  Coy answers flippantly.
“What he said.”  Dean added in a choked voice, though he couldn’t look up at his mom right now.
“Why does
Dean swears that was the hardest he had ever laughed in his whole life.
“What do you remember about them?”  John let out a low whistle.
I didn’t like dogs, but that was all my dad talking.”
So he plotted.  Planned.  As time passed the plan became clearer.  He was able to try things, change things, convince the humans, become them.
thought Dean, but it didn’t really cross his mind past that.  By the time he left the steam filled room the small pile of plastic yellow had once again slipped to the back of his mind.
.  He told them he’d have to learn everyone’s names again, but he still knew his way around a car.
“What?”  Dean glanced back at her and over at the blockade.  “Ya’ll think there might be another group in here?”  He called out a bit louder.
“Just… curious.”  Dean needed to stop looking at his shoes, Cas was going to think something was up or he was hiding something, not just the fact that he was thinking about queueing up his favorite show on his laptop.  It had… been a while since he watched it.
“Yeah you big sap.  You’re supposed to hug us.”  Sam added and with that they both crushed him from either side as if they were boys and not men.  It made John laugh and admonish them half heartedly as they picked him off the ground and spun him around.  The whole room was laughing again, except Bobby who sat in the corner with the tiny bundle in his arms.
“Yes.”  Jack responds with a little knowing smile.
to do this job?  Knowing that made some interesting warmth spread at the top of his chest.  “Now we
“I haven’t given up, John.  But I won’t force you to keep watching a dead body.  This isn’t like you and your coma.  If I go I’m not waking up again, there isn’t a cure for cancer.  Besides, our boys are gonna need you.  You need to live your life and not devote it to some carrot of a wife.”  Mary told him with a dark water laugh.
“Oh we still fight, don’t you worry yourself, Petunia.  But why would you have been dropping your boys off with me?  Where was Mary?”  John sighed and tipped his head down to his chest.
“Have I told you how much I am utterly devoted to and deeply in love with you yet today?”  Coy calls out to her watching as her butt wiggles in the air, digging deep into a box of hers under the desk.
“Aww Dad.”  Dean said.
Even Cassie was there once in a while, the only one who knew him from before.  He’d thought for a while they might have something again, she kicked ass and she was gorgeous.  Cassie was, as everyone around him reminded him, perfect for him, but what they didn’t understand was Cassie deserved better than him.  Not that he hadn’t tried, he just couldn’t seem to find it in himself to give her his whole self.  He’d loved her once, he knew he had, but these days that didn’t seem to be an option.  His heart just seemed like a proverbial ache, always there and present.  Proving yet again why he kept an emotional disconnect where he could, he didn’t know if it did any good.
?”  Dean and Sam lock eyes, confused, daring the other to ask.
Morning came, bright and chilled like most late autumn mornings did.  He told Cas he wanted to give his son and his wife a hunter’s funeral.  But Cas pointed out the obvious.
is Lucille.  Instead of watching you fucks die like I have so many other weak mother fuckers along the way… I have a new idea.  I’ll let Lucille protect you too.”  He lowered Lucille down again and met each pair of eyes in the group.  “Stand with me and anyone who tries to hurt us… anyone who gets in our way… will end up like him.”  Negan gestured to the sad meatloaf fucker on the ground.  “So far you’ve been survivors, that’s the best you can hope for.  Your leader is dead, and he was
may we begin?”  Coy asks impatiently.  Both Dean and Cas turn to look at each other communicating silently, eyebrows shifting to convey new points.  Dean reaches up to squeeze Cas’ arm, an obvious sign of trust for whatever comes next, at least they’re in it together.  Cas nods, smirking sourly, and turns back to their opponent.
“It’s the apocalypse man!  People are killing eachother in the streets, and you’re fucking
“What do we do?”  Cas’ voice was a tiny, shattered thing and John understood it.  He didn’t know how he was functioning.
“I am proud of them.  Both of them.”  Mary smiled and leaned back so she could put her hands on his face.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay, okay.  This is the same way Bobby and Ellen reacted, but I’ve got a plan seriously.”  Charlie held up her hands, babbling super fast as she tried to explain.  “The place is basically an entire city.  Tons of back up generators hidden on the property, plus it’s this massive cement structure so we don’t need to worry about it’s integrity long term.  Tactically we could set it up for really easy defense, and in a place that big we could easily grow our group, start really trying to live in this dystopian future.  Biggest challenge would be clearing the dead out.  But I think I have a plan for that too, but you’ve got a better mind for that than me.  I’m just a nerd with a plan and a freaky retention rate for unnecessary facts or floor plans.”  Charlie said that last part with an eyebrow wiggle that made Dean chuckle just a bit.
“Nuff of that, let’s get to work showing you the boring stuff, then we’ll go have some fun with that camero someone brought in today.”  And so they did.  Learning the ropes of his job was relatively easy.  All the paperwork, payroll, invoices, the lot… was relatively straightforward and mainly just incredibly boring.  The guys (and a couple girls he later found out) were fun for the most part.  Except Jeremy, he was a bit much, a dramatic young thing, and clumsy as shit.  One night he was telling Mary about how he managed to tip an entire rack of tires when she gave him some information that absolutely floored him.
Both Gabe and another man named Balthasar were Cas’ groomsmen.  Dean had elected for Charlie, his best friend, and of course Sam.  Mary told him Dean had been in his brother’s wedding as well, John was sad he couldn’t have experienced that day himself.  But Mary promised to show him pictures and videos when they got home.
“Well, to be frank.  Not much.  I remember an entirely different life basically.  Some things were similar, some things were very very different.”  John answered, dancing around anything that might be too heavy.
Her mood wasn’t always so strong, there were days when she would sleep for hours on end.  John worked less at the shop just to take care of her.  She hated it, even though she needed it.  He also took the time to make all of her good days as amazing as possible.  He cooked fun meals, planned silly and extravagant dates.  They even traveled to Paris, London, Disney World, and New York City.  Besides the ups and downs of chemo side effects, she didn’t really slow down.
“We should go tell Sam we’re back.  And update him.”  Cas said, not able to meet Dean’s eyes.
“Yes.”  Dean manages to say, without missing a beat.  He watches as Cas’ eyes visibly warm even as the smile disappears.  How he swallows and his adam’s apple bobs.  As he drags his eyes back up the length of his throat, and chin, and lips how his tongue darts out to lick them.  Then it’s back to those eyes, with the humour and cautious optimism now playing in them.  “I’m not running.”  Then Dean carefully pushes his hands up, smoothing down the shirt, thumb lightly rubbing the silk of the tie, his fingers just under the edge of the tan armour.  All the way up to grip behind his neck…then he waits.
“Not a bit.”  He told her, trying to be serious now that he had seen the worry in her eyes.
Leave me all of your comments and criticisms!  I love you all!  See you tomorrow!
“Yes, but only because you asked.”  Their opponent tells them. Dean looks over at Cas proudly and it makes Coy smile to know this is just what his wife wants.  “You may choose the advantages for all the major pieces upon their capture. Acknowledging that the king is already delegated for exit from the game.”
“Simultaneously one of the worst and best moments of my life.”  Dean told her.
Barely anything in the world could have made Dean resist his urge to touch Cas in that moment, so he lets his fingers run through the soft messy hair and feels something akin to a little flame of joy flickering up his throat.  Something that sparks along his skin pleasantly as Cas gently pushes his head into the motion.  Dean feels his eyes start to water and burn, he’d never really let himself hope enough to think he’d get here.  Maybe on the days when he wanted to pretend, all he thought about was his brother and best friend still being alive, now that this was his reality it was everything.  Especially when Cas turned his face and Dean got to watch his eyes slowly peel away from sleep, his irises precisely the color of his favorite shade of blue.  He could feel himself crying now and he didn’t even care cause he knew he was also smiling.  Cas saw him and it seemed to dawn on him very suddenly cause he shot up, his eyes going wide at the sight of Dean awake.
“Do we get to choose our advantages?”  Cas asks the man and is surprised to see a look of respect cross his face.
“It could still come after me, this could all be some trick.”  He adds a little more forcefully.
He wondered to himself and his mind drifted to his two boys he’d never see again.  Sam and Dean, the ones he’d raised as hunters, would never give up on their world.  John knew they were still fighting, so he had to try too.  Saving People, hunting things.
“No, we don’t need that.  I need you to go check on your brother, there’s been an accident and he hung up on me.  I can’t leave your mother.  Something’s happening and I need you to promise me you’ll be careful.”  John hoped that would be enough.
“You should start showing me some more respect or you won’t ever be seeing your brother or your friend again… Is that understood?”  His tone is almost playful as each word drips threateningly off the tip of his tongue. Coy glances up to see Dean swallow nervously, clearly making the wise decision to back down.  Matching looks of grim determination settle onto both of the men’s faces. When neither of them say anything Coy smiles brightly and takes that as his signal to move on with the explanations.  He begins to pace causally side to side, each step accentuating a word or gesturing appropriately when necessary.
been in an accident, he’d been in hell.  Sure before that he’d been in a car accident, a semi had hit the impala with him and the boys inside.  He didn’t think what was going on now had anything to do with that though.  The evidence of ‘no demonic interference’ was clear in front of him.  Did he take the gift that was given to him?  Tell her he didn’t remember.  They would obviously state he had amnesia.  It would be easy.
“Well, one of my brothers is named Lucifer.”  John spit his food, Mary looked over concerned patting his back as he coughed out the surprise laugh.
anymore.  What mattered was shit like this not happening.  “Even if you haven’t you should still be aware of the fucking world around you.  It’s
Dean would be carefully and methodically hacking his way through a crowd of bozos, even out on his own he was a force to be reckoned with.  But if he saw a bozo just a bit shorter than him with messy dark hair his heart would seize and his breathing would catch.  It was his biggest weakness.  Thankfully, or maybe not so thankfully, they were never Cas.  If one of them was, then maybe Dean could actually move on instead of having to constantly lie and knock down the people around him who told him to hope.  He was especially vicious on the ones that looked like Cas, all that anger and grief boiling over into something he could
I hope you all love the various pop culture references in this chapter. I love comic con.  Also, I hope at least one of you out there will appreciate the guest appearance.  (:
“Let me hold that fucker while we eat and half a rabbit is coming your way.”  Dwight easily passed over the weapon in exchange for the food, taking that as invitation enough to sit down.  “These arrows… they reusable?”
He thinks he can hear Sam yelling, and then he sees his favorite giant slicing into the thing munching on him so that’s done, then Dean is kinda staring down at him horrified.  Dean wants to tell him so many things, ask him so many things.  Plus his mom is nearby too, and at least if he has to go out he gets to do it with them here.  He knows they’re okay, and that’s more than he’s had in a year.  There’s only one other person he wants to see right now.
“Wow.”  He said, then chuckled.  “Well, I thought it was 145 so that’s definitely better.”  Mary turned to him quickly, shocked.  “Thought I was in a whole other world.”  It’s close enough to the truth that he didn’t feel too guilty.  Mary eyed him warily, still watching him closely enough that it should probably worry him but he was just too happy she was there to even care.  “If I’ve been out that long shouldn’t you have called the Doctor in here by now.”  Mary startled and nodded her head, leaning over to press a button, she blushed slightly.
“Why ask me?”  Dean asked.  He wasn’t the leader of their group.They didn’t operate in a dictatorship fashion by any means, it was more Bobby and Ellen called the shots, and anyone could voice their opinion, but if you still disagreed with the final move then you could find a highway to start walking down.
“So, to summarize.  You’re renaming Death to Hemlock.  They’re a guide for.. What?  Lost and confused souls?”  Jack nods. “And you want Cas to be… Hemlock.”  Dean tilts his head back and forth considering it.  Of all the ridiculous things this seems… good.
“John?”  Mary asked quietly, squeezing his hand lightly.  He looked over at her with eyes he knew were bright red from fighting back tears, into her steady blue ones.  He couldn’t say anything, just leaned in and kissed her forehead.
“CAS!”  He shouts into the abyss, turning and looking for any sign of light or movement.  “CAS!  We gotta go!  Where are you?”  Dean’s voice is sucked into the void, it doesn’t echo or do anything other than drop off once it’s out of his mouth.  From around him the air reverberates, like an echo in reverse, his name.  His eyes water.  “Cas!  I’m here, wherever the hell you are, get to me man!”  The room around him seems to vibrate with white noise, the contrast is stark after the silence.  It grows louder, forcing a pressure into his brain till Dean has to crouch down and cover his ears..
“Is your hair so big because it’s full of secrets?”
“I was a bad motherfucker.  And by that I mean I owned a mechanic shop and coached little league.  You care for the kids, bark orders at them to keep them from getting fat… they may cry a little but it’s for their own fucking good y’know?  You assholes are growing on me… I don’t want you to get yourselves killed.”
“You’re telling me.”  Dean said, mind still stuck on the road trip that separated all of them from their parents permanently and led them down this deadly path where Dean was left alone, just like he’d been worrying about before the trip.  He’d trade anything to have his brother and best friend only on opposite coasts.
Centuries kept passing, Humans came and went, died and lived.  It was annoying.  Jacob never stopped trying, neither did Castiel.  But they would never understand, both were so content to be where they were.  They believed in the missions they were on.  Ugh.
“You better.”
“Mom?  Dad?”  Dean’s voice called out.
The ship crashes into the large statue while riding a massive storm swell not even an hour later.  Many of the humans on board die.  Castiel watches from the distance, determined to observe until it is obvious he should intervene.
“S-sammy?”  Dean slurs, trying to get up but his vision blacks out and he finds himself back on the ground.  The guy moves away to stab the bozo through the head then he’s back, closer to Dean’s face so he can actually see him.  Dean takes in a sharp breath that somehow makes his head hurt more. “Oh thank fuck, it is you.”  Dean says, and his voice sounds a bit high pitched and giddy to his ears.  There’s concern and shock on his baby brother’s face.
, as Charlie had dubbed it.  Dean tended toward the thought that anything was good, but Charlie insisted that this stuff had been top shelf.  So here they were, sprawled out on the floor of some unnamed place they’d found refuge in for the night.  Heads put together side by side on the floor so they could hear each other easily, but also so they could both gaze up through the small hole in the roof at the stars.
“He didn’t take it well.  But when he started spewing some bullshit-... well, Mom punched him.”
“Only TINY ducks.”  Then Dean laughed even more as he grabbed a band-aid and applied it to his elbow.  It was just a bit of a scratch. He had way worse. He wished all his injuries were caused by laughing his ass off.
, Dean thinks.  He could really smack his past self over the head a few hundred times.  He squeezes Cas’s hand and smiles at the floor.
“May 11th actually.  Okay, more questions.  What is Sam’s job?”  She scooted up onto the bed again so she could rub his other arm, looking like she needed to be near him too.
He hadn’t heard from him.  Or Dean.  The anxiety threatened to over take him, but he couldn’t let that happen.  Instead he just let it fuel him, made him mad.  He got up from the bed and looked out the window again.  No one was around, the place looked deserted.  The neighbor who had fled had left things strewn on his lawn, garage door wide open.  John shook his head and turned back around to the room trying to look anywhere but where what was left of his wife laid and saw the most worrying thing:  her eyes were open.
Overall it was a beautiful day, he’d never seen Dean happier.  He hadn’t seen it at first, when Cas had first started coming over for Sunday dinners he’d still been so clouded by anger and confusion.  That and Dean had still been nervous about how he could even act with Cas.  But up there at that altar with Ellen officiating, his son was glowing.  It was just him and what was clearly the love of his life.  Since he’d had Mary back in his life he’d become the biggest sap all over again, she softened him in the best way.  They both cried during the two men’s vows, there was something deep there, something so rare and precious.  Even his own thoughts were sappy and poetic.  When Dean and Castiel kissed for the first time in front of him it was at their wedding up on that altar where the rest of the world didn’t matter to them.  It made the last vestiges of John’s deep seated problems crumble, he glanced over at Mary to grab her hand and kiss her cheek.  His lips moved a few inches over to her ear and he whispered.
“Dean.”  He turned around so fast, his heart nearly leaping out of his chest, desperate to see him.
“Shut up.”  He snaps as he shoves Cas against the wall, their bodies pressing together.  Dean puts his face in orbit of Cas’s.   Just hovering over his lips in the breaths before something potentially life changing.  Even more so than what had transpired in the last week.  Their heated and mingled breaths are a choice down a wooded path not traveled by most Winchester’s, and certainly not many angels.  Two roads diverged, like two lips parted, and Dean was gonna fucking choose the one he deserved.  Cas made him see that.  Cas whose nose he bumped lightly with his own.  Whose hands had grabbed his hips and were holding him both there.  “You know what I mean.”  Dean breathed into the air between them.  Cas’s eyelids fluttered closed and he sucked in a breath.
“And so it has begun,”  Coy says dramatically.
“Cas hated him, if that gives you any idea.”  Dean opened up, and though he’d told her about John before it had always been a passing mention of another story.  How he had influenced one small thing.  He takes another swig of drink and forges on.  “He was an asshole.”  Charlie reached out and grabbed his hand, he gripped it like a lifeline.
First thing he sees is green leaves on tree branches, which is very strange because it’s March in Minnesota, which means it’s still winter in the North, nothing is growing quite yet.  Next he notices how pleasantly warm he is, he’s bathed in sunlight, and as his eyes focus he can see the glass ceiling above him where the sky is shining brightly through.  Out of the corner of his eyes he sees bright swathes of color, he turns his head slightly and sees… hot air balloons?  What the fuck?  They’re smaller than Dean thinks they should be.  Turning his head just a bit more causes a faint ache to echo through his skull, and something to tickle his cheek.  Dean pulls back slightly and sees a head of dark hair resting next to him, arms folded underneath it like a pillow.  Something tight and warm seizes his chest, cause it’s
“We could see anyone coming from a long way away.  We also camouflaged the hell out of it.  Cas was a genius, he figured out how to get these vines to grow over and around it so we didn’t have to use fake ones.  He had the idea to use a rope ladder instead of one nailed to a tree, and I figured out this way to rig it up to the base of the fort, that way we could hide a string that would unravel it for easy access.”
Their relationship flourished.  According to Mary it was better than it had ever been in years.  John had even started coaching baseball again, but he couldn’t do basketball.  Three times a week surrounded by sweaty teenage boys that weren’t his own sons was plenty.  Nevermind the fact that his boys were quickly becoming men in their own right, no longer teenagers at all.  Dean still dated Cas, and although it was a sore spot of his still, he’d gotten used to having Cas around.  He was odd, his family were estranged, but he was strong.  Apparently he knew how to kick Dean’s ass as he had grown up learning every type of fighting and martial arts he could.  The one time he’d gotten Dean to join a beginners karate class Cas had landed him on the mat in less than 3 seconds.  In that respect, he liked Cas.  Neither of them acted like a
after millenias of being
“Cassie I said no!  They’re dead.  That’s that.”  Dean pulled away from her, shutting down to fight off the ache that felt more like a stab at her unnecessary insistence.  He grabbed some maps and left the room, unable to even feel her false hope pressing on his firm certainty.
“You distracted me.  It was nothing for the past year, John.  Then suddenly you just squeezed my hand.”  She smiled at him, it was warm and hopeful.  “I thought I was dreaming honestly.  Dean still comes every week, Sam comes when he can but I… I didn’t-”  The door slammed open, nurses came flooding in, two doctors.
“They had a talk with me earlier, and it wasn’t pleasant.  I want you all to know that no matter what I’m going to fight this-”
“You like what you see?”  It was the scruffy fuck again.  “You want to try the merchandise?  Just let me know.  Trust me man, it’s a whole new world now.  Anything goes.”  The fucker sounded so proud and excited, but his words made something inside John snap.  That last piece of him that wanted or hoped for something better died.  Anger and fury flooded his system, right next to the familiar vengeance he’d lived with for most of his life.
“Of course you were.”  Charlie quips which makes Dean roll his eyes.
I wanted to share those because I'm constantly thinking about what a good looking couple I've made here.
“It got easier with time.  Do they know what’s wrong with me?”  John frowned and gave her a grim nod.
“You looked like Dr. Sexy when you were wearing that jacket.”  Cas chuckles, making Dean’s head vibrate from where it’s still pressed into his sternum.  Dean uncurls from Cas, wanting to see that rare expression of happiness creasing the lines at Cas’ outer eyes.  Cas catches his eyes, smile still on his face.
“Honey, I’m home.”  Cas called jokingly, but he saw Dean’s cheeks pinken just slightly.
* * *
The doctors came by around noon and John already knew something was off.
“But I think it might be worth it.”  Dean interrupted her and Charlie positively glowed.
“For our Bishops we would like one to represent a phone call to the hunter Garth Fitzgerald and the other to call the demon Crowley.”  Cas announces. Coy gives a short whistle.
“What were the advantages?”  Charlie asked.
Moments later they were on a beach together, sand and waves.  Palm trees swaying behind them in the soft breeze.  Castiel turned to take it all in before turning back to Anael.
“Dean, you’re not flexible enough to perform a ‘roundhouse kick’.”  Dean looks at Cas in exasperation.
“Things sneakin’ up on me in the dark are either dead or about to be.”  He warned, pointing his rifle into the dark.  A scruffy man in a vest with a crossbow hanging across his back emerged a few moments later with his hands up.
“Doesn’t matter to me as long as I get to keep staring at your beautiful face.”  Mary laughed as she hit him lightly in the chest.  From further in the house a door creaked open.  It made John tense, instincts still high, until a voice called out.
“Mom?”  It was Dean.
“No, he had left when I was a kid.  Just went out one day and never came back.  I think this amnesia thing is gonna be a worse situation than I thought.”  Mary leaned in and kissed his forehead, her hand slid up and down his arm then stopped to squeeze his bicep.  “What about your parents? In my… dream, they both died when we were still dating.”  Mary squeezed his bicep a little more, then sought out his other hand so she could twine their fingers.
“About
“You forget I’ve already lived through you dying once.  Mary Lucille Winchester, you are the love of my life.  I’m the luckiest man in all the universes to get to hold you like this, and I’m not gonna think about some future that’ll never happen.  I lived it once.  And when you’re-”  He cleared his throat carefully, if he said it he’d cry and he’d promised her to be less weepy.  “I’ll still love you when you’re gone as if you’re right next to me.  Everyday.  Nothing will change that.”  Her eyes watered up and she pressed her face into his neck.
.  Cas threw himself into John’s arms, openly sobbing.  It was all the answer he needed.  He shook so bad John thought he would vibrate right out of his skin.  “I’ve got you, son.”  Cas nodded and pulled back trying to gather himself.
“It’s okay son, you did your best.”  Dean huffed a disagreement at that but didn’t seem to have the energy to refute further.  “Son, I’m about to lose you too and I need you to be straight with me.  You want out before you turn into one of those things, you say the word.”  Dean and Cas were both quiet, Cas gaped at him somewhere between furious and shocked.  “Or you turn, and we’ll… take care of it then.”
they came out.  He
A knock sounds on Cas’ door.
“I feel like you’re about to make some sort of spider analogy.”  Cas tilts his head side to side in consideration.
exactly?  Has your situation not been made clear enough to you?  I figured I wouldn’t have to explain this to the most famous hunters in the world, but here we go: This is
?”  He turned fully around as they all stared at him, he checked his wounds for a moment and noticed the girl on the ground wearing his jacket.
“For making me the man I’m supposed to be.  A good one.  I love you.”  Mary smiled and kissed him quickly.  Then it was time to cheer for the new couple.  Gabriel, Sam, and Charlie were whooping after them, Balthasar swaggered down the aisle laughing.  John wrapped his hands around Mary’s waist from behind while she kept clapping.  He silently thanked whoever was listening for his second chance, his life here was beautiful and happy.  Sometimes he still worried about the boys he left behind.  He wondered if they’d ever find happiness, or even peace.  He wished they could see this and know that in some universes, their family lived a happy life without tragedy.
“Charlie.”  Dean said with only a bit of annoyance, which made Charlie yield with a sigh.
“Dean!”  Charlie called in a fear tinged voice as she fell, a bozo on top of her with another snapping at her neck.  Dean’s fear made his reflexes fast, he killed the bozo on her but was grabbed before he could pull it off, he hacked the things arm off, congealed blood substance splattering everywhere, then he stuck his blade in its head.  He moved as fast as he could, but there were so many bozos that he was losing sight of his people.  He could hear Charlie behind him, and Jo cursing at the ones around her, but he couldn’t see Victor.  Fear clogged his throat, he wanted to call out for him but was worried about drawing even more into this mess.
“No, why would I?”  He drawled out. Charlie sighed, then a mischievous glint passed in her eye.  Dean sat up a little straighter and wagged a finger at her. “Don’t give him any ideas.”  Charlie just rolled her eyes.
“It won’t, and it’s not.”  Dean assured, squeezing their hands even tighter and then placing his spare one over them.
“Yes, we do.”
Thanks again for reading, I hope you're enjoying.
.  That Sam had given them both a weird look before he quickly exited the garage without looking back.
“I need to ask you both something, and I don’t mean to pile more onto your plate, but I don’t wanna put it off any further in case I lose my nerve.”  Mary gave him a puzzled look but Cas just gestured for them both to sit down.  John grabbed Mary’s hand and pulled her to sit, his heart was beat heavy in his chest even if he didn’t entirely know why.
“Dean… are you calling me
“You shoulda seen him man.”  Dean chuckled.
“No, I made sure he didn’t have it.  Didn’t want you boys getting any ideas too early on.  I know what kind of man you are Dean Winchester.” Coy calls over, startling both men to turn around and face him again, Coy’s expression portrays utter boredom.  “You know, shoot first ask questions later? Anyway, are you done now? Terms ready? Can we finally start?” Cas glances to Dean and Dean nods at him to do the talking.
a little better?  If you’ll do that with a woman well… maybe you’re closer to
“Have you actually asked him?”  Charlie wondered, a simple hand flopping to the side to accompany her question.  Dean gave her an incredulous look.
“Son, slow down, I can’t understand you.”  He could hear Sam, broken up on the other line.  He was crying, it made icy fear run through John and his fingers flexed for a weapon he no longer carried.
“I already knew that before all this business.”  John told the doctor and smiled at Mary.  The doctor nodded, giving a small nod.
“Enough foreplay, my love.  I’m ready to begin.” She grabs up her favorite pen and a brand new leather bound notebook.  Opening to the first page, she looks over at him with a smirk. Coy moans and bites his lip, carefully getting up and stepping away from his wife while shaking a finger at her.
“Mom, have I told you recently how much I love you and you are clearly the best mom on the
“Yeah, he probably got it from there.”  Dean just shrugs again, and goes back to the task at hand, preparing meat for some awesome homemade burgers he’s planned for dinner tonight.
“I don’t want him to be able to keep fucking with our memories when he drops us into the next deeper level of game.”  Dean admits with a shudder.
“She did
He steps through.
* * *
That distinct feeling of not wanting to let him go, to just keep holding him forever that had floored Dean in the moment.  Castiel, his nerdy adorable best friend, who ran through the woods with him and went for night swims and cared for Sam like he was his own brother.  Cas had pulled back and wrapped the bracelet on Dean. He had been putty in Cas’ hands, present in the moment but also screaming in his head.  There was a moment where Cas had hesitated in tying, then he’d looked up at Dean and met his eyes so hopeful and almost shy.  Then Dean had watched his skilled fingers wrap the most beautiful knot with the ends, the occasional brush of those fingers on Dean’s skin did what they always did, but now there was just another layer.  A realization.
Castiel smiles when he hears the sound hitch up in the other room. “Everything okay out there, Dean?” He calls out, head tipped back in the water. Grabbing the shampoo, he squirts a handful and cards his fingers through his hair. The soap lathers up, and he breathes deep, relaxing further.
Cassie and him had dated for a bit back when she was in college and Dean was just roaming, trying to find his place in the world while Cas had been away at college and Sam had been at his fancy boarding highschool.  Dean had loved her, but when he’d told her the truth of who he was, she had run away.  Unable to accept, or maybe just too young to understand.  She did now, she’d grown up a bit, or perhaps the apocalypse had put a little perspective into her life.  Hard to tell, but what mattered was she was good about it now, didn’t judge him.  The only thing Dean hated about her was how she always seemed on the edge of pressing him to talk about things he didn’t want to think about.  One day while they were pouring over maps studiously, cross referencing with other maps she tapped him on the wrist, lightly touching the bracelets there.
“They’re Zombies.”  Cas tilted his head.
“It’s Sam.”  Cas answered without prompting.  Dean nodded then excused himself to the bathroom, saying they would be leaving when he got back.  Cas pulled up the text and burst out laughing for what felt like the tenth time that day.
“Then there was the yelling.  Sometimes, I don’t know if he even realized quite how loud it was.  Other times I knew he did.  Some days he would just rant and rave about us, about the town, about his jobs.  He had them occasionally.  Sometimes, he would be so bad.  It was scary, especially when we were young.  I used to take Sammy and we’d hide in a closet.  I’d lock us in and give Sammy some headphones so he could fall asleep.  Then I’d wait, the whole night sometimes, for him to pass out so I could carry Sam to bed.  One time he just sat outside the closet waiting, but didn’t see us.  I don’t know what he was seeing.”  Dean shook his head.  “As we got older it was more clear that it was just pathetic.  He was crippled by his addiction, and he could barely see us through the haze.  Sam despised him for it.  He only ever knew the person dad was with a bottle in his hand, never saw him for who he actually was.  By the time he actually wanted to get sober, it was too late.”  Dean let that hang in the air.  He could feel Charlie breathing next to him, felt her tiny palm wrapped around his, he didn’t deserve her and yet he had her.
“I know it was hard for you... to accept us.”  Cas spoke with his ever deeper gravel voice, then he coughed a bit.  “But it meant the world for Dean that you tried, that you still saw him as your son.  My mother disowned me, most of my siblings followed her lead, they’re all religious pricks.”  More coughing, John grimaced at the sound and waited patiently for him to continue.  “And you accepted me.  So thank you, John.  I know I wasn’t what you pictured for your son.”  John hadn’t realized that his actions, even homophobic and bigoted as they were in the beginning, still made a difference compared to how else this man had been treated.  Like Mary said, he had tried, that was what made it good.
“After.”  Cas told him, which made Dean swallow thickly and nod.  Together they went down the hall towards the main area of the bunker holding hands.  When they rounded the last corner into the bunker though, they came to a surprised halt, their hands dropping because suddenly both their arms were full.
.  You’re both so painfully loud with all those messy emotions.  Why can’t you both just
“Don’t move.”  John wanted to laugh.
“What about this one?”  Cassie asked, pulling Dean out of his memories.
“I’d say we ‘snuck’ out but seeing as we were both over 18… Anyway it was night, and we were having a sleepover up there just like we always used to.  We had some real lanterns up there that we put candles in instead of kerosene, and we had padded chunks of the floor so it was real cozy.  Only needed blankets or sleeping bags.  Normally I was roaming the country while he was at college, but in the summer we would both come home and spend time together.  This time though, I’d left him a note.  Told him to come find me there later that night.  I was up there all day, worrying my way through multiple attempts..”  Dean’s hand went to his wrist where he played with the faded rainbow friendship bracelet there.  Charlie saw the movement and realization dawned on her.
“Why am I your ‘big win’?”  There’s no anger in Cas’ face, it’s more like exasperation.  Like Cas is daring Dean to defy him.  Dean has a momentary flashback to an alley so long ago it felt like a different life.  But the energy of this moment is altogether separate and the same as that long ago echo.  The tension still strung tight, but time has desperately been tuning it up.
“That was horrible.”  Cas tells him, unbuttoning his shirt and quickly making do with the rest of his clothes.  Dean scoffs, trying to feign confidence and not at all covering up his nerves.
Quickly he raised his head to dispel his thoughts and found Cas still staring at him in that familiar, disorienting way.  Just as Cas started to open his mouth, clearly to press further into the mind of his favorite curiosity, Dean interrupted him.
“I thought you said it was your favorite Lush hair mask in there.”
if you’re so sure.”  It taunted him, trying to make his confidence waver.  But nothing could at this point, Dean had seen the way it glowered at him.  Dean glared back for good measure.
Back downstairs Cas was sobbing and Dean had passed out onto his shoulder.
“Yes, Raphael.  I am at Heaven’s command.”  Castiel added in, his unwavering fealty a reassurance.  Raphael sighed heavily.
“Starting a fire that big would just attract more of those things.”  John sighed and nodded.
“Let’s go, wise-ass.”  John told his son as he reached into the car and helped Cas lift under Dean’s shoulders.  He was fading fast, not able to help them walk him inside.  They got to the living room and he let the two boys sit on the couch.  Cas held Dean well John went and got another rag.  When he came back he made Dean let go of the wound and John’s stomach turned.  He pressed the new towel to his son’s neck and grimaced at Cas.  He no longer had the energy to put up a face, especially not with his bedroom door rattling upstairs.
But with all well intentioned plans, things tend to go astray, even where God was involved.  Gadreel had been the angel in charge of the cage since the beginning.  Nothing appeared to go wrong, so he continued on with that position for a very long time.  Till one day someone noticed somehow… humans were finding their way into the cage.  They would trickle in through a small crack in the defences, which
“It’s weird, I can’t tell if the apocalypse has made me better at therapizing my friends, or if our problems are just more obvious now that we’re all colored similar shades of trauma.”  Charlie said with a bit of a hiccup.  They were on a gathering mission and had stumbled upon a full bottle of
“Cas used to make them.  He was obsessed with them one summer.”  Dean said, indicating the faded rainbow colored bracelet.  “I had loads for a while.   Some were definitely better than others.”  Dean said with a small huffed laugh.  “Do you know about the superstition around friendship bracelets?”  Dean asked Cassie.  She shook her head and smirked at him kindly.
To say little of it, it was loud.  But once the hole was made they were able to block off the chunk of the left wing not blocked by benches.  Didn’t change the fact that the loud truck echoing in the mall, plus the chorus of growling noises seemed a cacophony determined to draw even more.
“God, do I love you.”  Dean told him smiling, stroking his thumb over Cas’ cheek and dispelling the tear tracks.  Cas eyes were drawn downward to the small colorful things laying in the sheets.
“I didn’t pick Cas either.”  Dean told him, his voice just a little bit louder and stronger.  Conviction laid underneath it.  The revelation hit John like a train.
“Boy, you have one weird ass family.”  Bobby added, that made everyone laugh.
Sorry it's taking me so long to puzzle this out.  For now I think I'm gonna work on this in bit chunks.  Tiny bite sized pieces, so I can really tackle this complicated plot and how I want to reformat it.
“I am not!  Go look! I thought there was a person just
“No man, I think you need to get a sense of humor.”
“Access to lore.  Really access to the whole damn bunker but I doubt he’ll allow that.”  Dean scrubs his face in frustration. “One more?” He asks.
* * *
“Dean, I-”  Sam starts to say as he kneels next to Dean but then he’s ripped away again.  Dean hears Sam’s frustrated yell as he smashes into more of the rancid things around them.  Pain is thrumming through Dean’s entire body.  He reaches a hand up to his head and when he pulls away he finds his fingers damp and red.
Cas couldn’t help himself, he giggled as he typed the next message.  Picturing Sam’s face going red. He honestly wondered how much longer it would take Sam to realise he was just messing with him.
was there.  Not just Sam and Eileen, like Dean had expected.  But all of their friends and family.  Jody, Donna, Claire, Kaia, Alex, Patience, Garth with his wife and kiddos, alternate Charlie and Bobby,  even Rowena has made an appearance, plus all the others still surviving members from the apocalypse world.  It was a full room of happy and relieved faces, all smiling and hugging the two of them.  Miracle came bounding around a corner and practically leaped into his arms.  Cas gave him a skeptical look.
reformed.  When he could love humanity.  And as God commanded so it was done.
“You want us to play chess with you?  What do you not have any friends? Lonely childhood?”  Coy smirks at that.
than I’d like.  I mean you either value a human fucking life or you
Here are my FC's or face claims for my OC's in this fic.
“Yes.”  Jack says with a bright smile. “Death should be more than an omen.  They should be a neutral party, a guide for all.  The system will be mostly automatic.  But those who have a problem, or have options, will go to Hemlock.  And Hemlock will guide them.”  Jack finished.  Dean glanced over at Jack who seemed some weird and adorable combination of shocked and proud.
“So what kinda name is Castiel anyway?”  The man in question looked up at him wide eyed, surprised to even be addressed, and sat down as he did.  Dean sat next to Castiel and Mary sat next to him, across from Dean.
“Jack I think this is a brilliant idea.”  Cas tells his son, raising a hand to squeeze his shoulder.  “So what is it you want me to do?”  Jack gives Cas a wary look like he’s not sure how Cas will react.
” The idea settled over the group, there was a few muttered things too low for him to hear, and that was fine.  Discussion was allowed to happen.
“They were both strong, full grown men!  They could have been pushed to the other bank, they-”
“No, I don’t.  Haven’t a clue.  Was it important?”  She laughed a bit at his cavalier tone.  He could see the way she was calling him an idiot with her eyes.  She could call him an idiot everyday for the rest of his life.  Greet him with it everyday, a disgruntled-
.”  Sam gives Dean the most incredulous bitch face.
leave the island under any circumstances.”  Castiel tilted his head slightly.  He had many questions, but had learned a long time ago that asking questions of his brethren only seemed to annoy them.  He was already supposed to know the answers.  Castiel nodded stiffly.
“Okay.”  Cas says, eyes dropping to watch Dean’s lips, then he nods.  “Good.”
now because…
“Good?”
Dean returned from the bathroom just then, wiping his hands on his pants and then pulling a wad of bills out of his pocket for the check.  Then he noticed Cas still smiling.
“I didn’t pick her boy, it just happened.  You don’t choose who you fall in love with, you just get to choose whether or not you fight for them and stay.”
“I just-”  But Cas takes a step and interrupts him, taking the fishing metaphor out of his hands and replacing it with shallow clear water, spear in hand.
“How do you turn it on?”  Sam scoots his chair over to Cas and begins tapping away.  Showing Cas all the basics of his desktop. How to open up a web browser, how to effectively use a search engine, the importance of keywords, how to find multiple sources, and on and on until it becomes obvious to Sam than Cas is becoming bored and he should probably highlight some of the
“Okay.” Cas releases a breath of relief over the stressed lines of Dean’s face and they smooth out in response.  Cas let’s his hands leave the wall and they come up to gather Dean in his arms.  He tucks Dean’s head under his chin and just holds him, stroking hands up and down his back.  As the minutes pass the tension leaves Dean, with each pass of Cas’ hand the muscles and knots unwork themselves until Dean’s hands let go of the jacket and his fingers splay over his button down, one thumb lightly tracing at the clear, circular plastic.
“Listen asshole.  I greeted you with a smile and you pointed a fucking gun at
“We used to call my brother that occasionally just to piss him off.”  Castiel piped in making all eyes turn to him.
I get to become a real life pirate.”  Dean is still smiling goofily at Cas’ bewildered expression.  “This is only a minor loss.  I just thought it was funny cause I can’t feel that it isn’t there.  In movies you hear about phantom sensations of lost limbs, but I didn’t think it would feel this… tingly?”  Dean practically giggles and sees Cas crack the smallest of smiles at his best friend’s goofiness.
“Romantic right?”  Cas scoffed at him.
“Hmm, good thing I didn’t beat your score.”  John scoffed at that.
“Shit.”  John responded and locked eyes with Cas, they both knew what this meant, and Castiel had already accepted it.  His head dropped back onto the leather seat.  John threw the broken shovel handle to the ground with a clatter.  “God damnit, kid.”  John’s eyes stung but he refused to cry, he’d been alone before.  He could do this.  Cas sat up and scooted forward, wincing in pain.  He held a cassette tape in his hand which he held out to John now, seeing it made John want to laugh and cry at the same time.
“Don’t start.”  Dean breathed out, just so happy to hold him again.  In that moment Dean wanted so many things, but it wasn’t the time, and it definitely wasn’t the place.  Dean’s thumb traced down Cas’s jaw.  “Let’s get out of here.  Please.  Before it thinks up some way to stop us or keep us both here.”  Cas nods as he pulls back from Dean a bit, and Dean grabs Cas’s hand so there’s no chance they can be separated again.  The trip back onto Earth is jarring, the world comes alive with sights, sounds, wind, and they go crashing to the ground, hands still clasped together.   From their position on the ground Dean watches the purple glowing portal snap out of the air.  Behind him he hears the fizzling out of flames as the Hell portal also closes.  Dean’s head drops back to the ground in relief and he laughs, still not letting go of Cas’s hand.  He can see Cas looking at him out of the corner of his eye, so he turns to look at him.  Can’t even resist the pull of that.  Just looking at him, when just a few minutes ago it felt like he might never see him again.  The ache inside him eases away with every moment he can take his fill.  Cas squeezes his hand and Dean squeezes back.
The only horrible part about that realization was that humanity was a horrible thing to be apart of.  It was dirty, lying, cheating, deceiving, murderous.  He hated it, hated them, these people.  And yet they kept coming from somewhere.  Endless entertainment over the years.  Except for Jacob.  Jacob was fun to mess with, his brother thought he could teach him the good of humanity.  That if he kept bringing more people eventually he would see it.
didn't want to know.  Just before he shut his own door, he called out, “AND DEFLATE THAT DAMN DUCK!” The soft trail of their laughter made him chuckle.  Now it was time to plot revenge.
“‘Dunno, Cas just likes ‘em.  And I don’t mind ‘em.”
“Yeah, I think I do.  I have to say I have a real fucking problem with it too.  I know what it’s like to have loved a woman.  Emphasis on
“Be nice to him, he’s one of your Youth kiddos.” Then she speared another piece of potato off her plate to continue eating her dinner.  They sat across from each other in the kitchen, good ol’ meat and potatoes (Made by himself, Mary was a horrible cook) talking about their days.
of them.”  And she playfully smacked his cheek.  It made him laugh.  The boys came running into the room just then, Dean wielding a wet dish towel as he attempted to slap Sam’s ass with it.
Dean turns back to the fire, smiling. He shakes his head, laughing to himself softly. “Sometimes he’s too easy. Too bad he didn’t take me up on the offer. I think it could have been fun,” Dean talks to the fire. Feeling a little bit warmer, he listens as the water begins to run. Figuring it to be safe for a little while, he strips down to his boxers, hoping they’ll dry before Castiel returns.
“What I said in that hotel room... I meant it.”
“Open wider for me, beautiful,” Castiel leans in, waiting.
Dean turns to Castiel. “There is a tub if you want to take a bath,” he grins wide at the angel, unable to help himself. Castiel looks disheveled, and his hair is all over the place after using the towel. The look in Dean’s eyes softens. He wants to do whatever he can to comfort the angel, as he has always provided for Dean. “Hey, Cas. If you need me to wash your back, let me know.”
“You know you’re beautiful. Can you fault me?” Carefully, Castiel scans over Dean’s perfection. “The freckles alone have me weak, but your sinful lips are enough to make me weep. Dean, you are the most handsome person I have had the pleasure to lay eyes on,” he whispers, his words slightly ruffling Dean’s hair.
Dean closes the screen on his laptop before taking a drink of his coffee. He couldn’t seem to get the man he pulled from his first fire, not even twenty-four hours ago, out of his mind. Just hoping and praying to whomever, or whatever would listen, that the man would be okay and make a full recovery. Dean couldn't understand why he hadn’t recognized the guy, though. He was sure the man had never personally checked him out at the shop or assisted him. Dean would remember a shade of blue so stunning and that sharp, defined jawline. Scrubbing a hand over his face, Dean lets out a sigh as a hand claps him on the back.
“Dean, slow, baby. Don’t choke yourself,” Castiel warns, his voice strained. “You have time to try again. You’re so good for me,” he whimpers and fucks himself on Dean’s finger.
Dean moans as he feels the pressure nearing his peak, and seeing Castiel lose it has him spiraling over the edge. He comes violently with the man’s name on his lips as he milks himself, gripping onto the tile. Dean sighs, leaning back against the wall, his chest rising and falling as he tries to catch his breath. “Holy shit,” Dean murmurs.
Castiel stands up, walking over to Dean. “Are you okay? You seem to be stressed.” Noticing the bruise, Castiel tips his head to the side. “Dean, you seem to be hurt. What’s happened?” The curiosity in Castiel’s voice sounds genuine enough as he looks at the man standing in front of him.
“Who says I haven’t already started my homework?” Dean grins mischievously as his eyes search Castiel’s before wandering down to his full lips.
Dean’s eyes widen, and his blush comes back with a vengeance. He blinks a few times, clearing his throat, and shakes his head with a smirk, trying to be more confident than he felt. “Nah, only in my dreams,” he chuckles.
Dean looks down at his watch seeing more time passed than he anticipated, and shakes his head. He finishes tidying up his area and slings his bag over his shoulder. Dean takes a peek in the dayroom and says bye to a couple members of the crew. Dean makes his way towards the lobby, where he hears someone arguing with the receptionist as he rounds the corner.
The room is back in order, and Sam is hunched over, pouring through a massive stack of books. He feels a presence in the room, pulling a gun on the angel.
Taking the chance to just talk to his brother without Castiel there, he asks the first tricky question that’s been tugging at his mind. “What is it about Cas that draws you to him? What makes you love him, Dean?” Sam wishes he had paper, but his keen mind won’t fail him as he mentally logs the answers.
Let no one say that Castiel Novak doesn’t know what he wants because he does. Sometimes he just doesn’t know how to properly ask for it.
With sparkling eyes, Castiel deposits the sausage into the bread. “Mmm, tight fit, Dean,” he wiggles his eyebrows at the other man. “Next,” he demands.
“Very interesting,” Sam turns to Castiel, his eyes glinting with a question that burns his tongue. “Cas, can angels have children with any sex?” He peeks over to Dean, gauging his reaction.
Dean tries to keep himself in check and glances down, smiling before running a hand through Castiel’s hair.
Dean licks his lips, his pupils blown wide. “Both,” he says breathlessly as he closes the space between himself and the bed, his thighs brushing the blanket as his eyes flick down Castiel’s body.
“I’m sorry, Sam. I will make my presence known better next time.” Castiel apologizes. “What did you need to see me for?”
Dean narrows his eyes at Castiel, doubt suddenly stabbing him in his heart at Crowley’s comment. He scoffs at the demon. “You were never in my bed, so don’t act like a victim,” Dean growls, turning his anger to the man on the couch. He walks away from the two of them, needing some breathing room. “You didn’t answer my question, Crowley,” Dean calls over his shoulder.
“That I’m not the first? Was everything you said to me a lie, Cas?” Dean turns from the sink quickly, stalking the room and standing in front of the angel again. “Was it a game? Did it feel good to touch me? To see what kind of reaction you could get out of me? Fuck,
Castiel loses a sense of time for a moment. When he looks up again, twenty minutes have gone by. He gets up.
Samantha nods, looking up into the stranger’s face, then gasps. “Wait!” She grabs his arm, pulling him closer to her. “YOU!?”
“Now come on, Cas,” Crowley says, his eyes still on Dean, “If you keep staring at me like that, you’ll bore a hole in my skull.” He turns to face the angel as he utters the last words.
You’re acting strange, Cas has disappeared, and I’m left wondering what the hell happened here when I was teleported out. How are we supposed to fight these things when we are fighting amongst ourselves? I just want to understand something, anything, Dean.” Sam pleads with him, the hurt he feels broadcasting clearly.
Dean nods, grabbing the bottle of whiskey again, pouring more into his glass. “Yeah, Sam. He said he was good. Okay?” He sighs, looking to the doorway for Castiel before picking up his glass and taking a drink, closing his eyes as the liquid reaches his stomach.
Castiel sighs, not looking forward to this phone call. Castiel curses himself because he doesn’t have the report he needs before putting the claim in. Pulling his shoes back on, Castiel looks up the fire station’s address and goes back outside. He starts up the car, punches in the directions into his GPS, and takes off down the road.
Sam sighs, looking at the door. He climbs into his bed, pulling the covers up. “Dean, you can talk to me about anything you want. I’ll always support you,” he whispers as his head hits the pillow. Sam closes his eyes, and sleep takes over.
“What ya looking for, cowboy?” He asks, his voice shaky. His toes curl in his socks while Dean laps at his cock. “I have some serious doubts you’re new at this,” he grunts.
“Dean, you deserve the world,” Sam says, absently but no less filled with all the emotion he has.
Dean lets out a small breath and smiles warmly down at the other man. “Doesn’t matter why I’m here, Sweetheart,” he chuckles softly. “How about we get you off this porch and inside, hmm?” He tries, raising his eyebrows slightly.
Castiel is taken aback. Looking back to Dean, his eyes narrowing, “Excuse me?”
“Cas, I’m a damn vampire. Now, even one of Sam’s vampire cures can’t save me. I’ve already drunk human blood. You’d be a smart angel if you just turned around and left me alone.” Dean fires at Castiel, trying to scare him off.
Still nothing. Castiel looks around again, hoping he missed a nook or cranny, but this place is barely big enough for the toilet and the sink. He cracks open the door.
“Dean, damn IT! Stop lying to me. I’ve spent enough time at this table to know they weren’t here. Did this have to do with what you and Cas were hashing out?” Sam leans closer, searching his brother’s face. “Dean, tell me what happened… what did you do to Cas? I’ve never seen him so out of his mind like he was earlier. Yes, he’s been reckless in the past, but this is over the top. I feel like he’s trying to prove something to us.” Sam taps the table, still staring at his brother.
“You got this, Champ,” Castiel cries out and fucks down onto Dean’s hand again. “Dean, you can use more fingers now. As many as you want, I think my ass really likes you,” he sings, as the tip of Dean’s finger flirts with his prostate.
“My head hurts,” he says. “This is not supposed to happen.”
“You have a dick on your forehead, by the way,” Aaron informs him before studying the piece of paper.
Castiel takes the blade and cuts up the center of Dean’s right arm, then the left. The blood flows immediately, and Dean doesn’t seem to notice he was cut until he feels the warm liquid begin to drip down his body. Castiel makes two more long, quick cuts down Dean’s chest, making him hiss, as his fangs extend, the smell of blood causing him to fight against the chains again. This, in turn, makes the blood flow faster from the wounds.
The vegetables’ scents cause Dean’s stomach to grumble, reminding him how hungry he is. He places a hand over it and clears his throat, hoping Castiel didn’t hear. “Where’d you learn to cook? I wouldn’t have thought to add the beer in it?” He smiles.
Dean rises, shakily, from the table, rubbing his face with his hands. Clearing his throat, he shuffles the books and papers in a pile before placing them in Sam’s duffel bag. Dean checks the nightstand and glances down at the bed, remembering Castiel on top of him and how
Dean groans, and his eyes roll into the back of his head. His mouth falls slack as he pushes forward into the welcoming heat of Castiel’s mouth. “Fuck, that’s good, Cas,” he sighs.
That is it for Til My Heart Stops. It is so short and sweet and sometimes I wonder what more we could have done with it, but in the end, I am happy for what I got out of it. Thank you Tomoe2, for your friendship and this moment we shared. Stay tuned for more stories in the future!
come when I called…” he sobs, taking a seat at the table before his knees buckle under him.
“Sure, they’re up there to the left,” Castiel points with the fork, still moving around the food in the pan. He turns the heat off and watches Dean move around the kitchen.
Dean raises his eyebrows as he looks at Sam and points to himself with his index finger making a whistling noise between his teeth.
“Does that make him the babysitter, Cas?” Sam jokes, nodding to Dean, grabbing the bag with his salad in it.
The host looks between the two men and smiles. “This way, please,” he winds through a couple of tables and sits them at a private table in a quiet part of the room. “Your server will be here soon. Have you been here before?”
Castiel in his throat. He tries, taking it as far as he can before making himself gag.
Wait.
Castiel pumps the power through his hand, this time causing Dean to scream his name, as he forces a second orgasm on the heels of the first. Dean bucks in the chains and against Castiel’s hand, coming once more before Castiel stops the assault on Dean.
Castiel shifts under the blanket, a slight moan escapes from his lips. “There. Like that,” he mumbles. “Dean, use your tongue,” Castiel hisses.
Dean raises his eyebrows challenging his younger brother. “And you might not like the answers,” he chuckles as he empties his glass of whiskey into his mouth. Dean swallows hard, setting the glass on the table firmly. He pushes himself away from the table, getting to his feet. “I’m gonna go grab some beers. Want one?” He asks.
Castiel looks around his bedroom, surprised by the mess in here, too. “What was I doing last night?” He questions himself and tosses his towel into the hamper. Crossing the space, he stands in front of his dresser and opens the drawer. He pulls out a pair of black cotton boxers and slips them on—next, socks. Castiel picks out a bright blue pair with a shooting star on the side. After, he finds something comfortable to wear, his favorite worn pair of blue jeans, and pulls Dean’s shirt on. Silently, he leaves his room, sneaking down the hall, and peeks in on the guy in his living room.
Dean thinks to himself thoughtfully for a moment chewing on his bottom lip. Pushing up from the bed, he walks over to the door, shuts it, and locks it with a metallic click. Dean turns back to Castiel as he peels the wet shirt from his body before lifting it over his head, tossing it aside with a thud. Dean walks closer to the bed and narrows his eyes at Castiel as he looks over the restraints. “You can’t hurt me with the cuffs on…” He eyes Castiel’s erection through the sweatpants. “I could…” His eyes meet Castiel’s, searching for any way to ease his angel’s pain and discomfort.
Castiel gets closer to the cage, checking carefully for traps this time. Gripping the bars, he rips the door off the frame, tossing it clear across the room. “Dean is above, and we need to get out of here before the vampires arrive.” Castiel takes Sam’s arm, pulling him quickly to the blasted hole in the wall, and starts taking the steps, Sam walking in front of him.
“I’m coming with you…” Sam begins, but Castiel interrupts.
“With that flavor, it feels like a sin to put anything but the peppers and onions with it,” Dean smiles. “Can I grab plates or anything?” He offers.
He waits. No answer. He tries again.
Blushing slightly, Castiel wanders past the dining room and disappears into the kitchen. “Oh, uh, thank you,” he mutters while opening the refrigerator. Pulling out two beers, he crosses the room and grabs the bottle opener. He pops the tops and hands one to Dean and leans against the counter. “So, what made you want to get into your line of work?”
Nodding in agreement, Castiel grabs the angel blade from the table then turns back to Dean. “After I make this cut, my Grace will be available to you. I’ll push out just enough to heal you, and you’ll have to drink it in. Dean, I don’t know what will happen, and if it goes wrong, I promise I will do whatever I can.”
Dean grins, looking down at Castiel, kissing him deeply. He pulls away with resting his forehead against Castiel’s. “I love you, Cas,” Dean whispers against his angel’s lips with a smile. His grin widens as he feels Castiel’s dick rub against his hole. Reaching over for the bottle on his nightstand, Dean grabs it with a wink at Castiel. He squeezes some on his hand and sticks his hand down between them, slicking up Castiel’s cock. Kissing up his jawline, Dean takes his ear lobe between his teeth. “You want some more?” He whispers into his ear.
Dean’s eyes observe Castiel as he exits the room. “Yeah, I guess I did, didn’t I?” Dean sighs, running a hand over his hair turning his attention back to Sam. He motions with his hand in the air. “Go ahead,” Dean says as he rolls his eyes with a soft smile on his face.
again.
“Five miles, huh? Jeeze, Cas, you’re Sammy radar is pretty amazing,” Dean compliments the angel, all the while banging a couple of pans around on the electric stove. He cracks open the canned vegetables, dumping them in the cookware. Dean goes to another cupboard, finding some tomato soup, and opens the can, pouring it in. Stirring vigorously, he hums ‘You Really Got Me’ by Van Halen while he cooks.
Dean grins softly at his brother’s confusion. “I am in love with Cas,” he speaks slowly again before picking up his beer, taking another drink, observing Sam.
Dean nods in agreement. “Yeah, that’s probably why my microwave is my best friend,” he lifts the corners of his mouth slightly. Dean clears his throat and starts for the kitchen. “So, I hope you’re okay with what I grabbed,” he says, setting the bags and beer on the counter. He feels the tips of his ears prick as Castiel’s challenge settles in his brain.
Castiel frowns, his hands slowly moving back to the top of the blanket. “I guess that’s 'times up,' Dean,” Castiel says, his eyes still locked on Dean’s.
Dean’s stomach starts doing flips the closer he gets to Castiel’s house and wonders what kind of place the guy has. How is it decorated? But before he knows it, he’s pulling up in front of a beautiful home with trees and flowers everywhere. He’s distracted by the colorful blooms a moment before noticing a familiar figure, in an all too familiar position, on the porch.
Castiel moans loud, his body opening for Dean automatically. “Dean, more, please,” he begs, his mouth dropping open as Castiel begins to pant. “I want it so bad.”
Dean’s eyes narrow as he studies the face staring back at him, confusion washing over his own before quickly turning to frustration and anger. Taking a few quick strides, he nearly closes the space between him and Castiel. He glares at him taking in some air. “You didn’t answer the question.” He pauses briefly. “What are you doing here, Cas?” His voice a low growl before he licks his lips, never breaking eye contact.
“Dean, I did not play with your heart. You heard something and decided to build your own version of reality around it. And then, when I clarified your misunderstanding, you refused to believe me and attacked me. You don’t need me to play with your heart; you’re doing that on your own.”
As he reaches from the towel, his hand lands on Dean’s. It’s surprisingly warm. He lingers a short moment before taking over the task.
Dean moans loudly as Castiel enters him. He looks down at his angel in awe of his beauty. He growls as he begins riding the length of Castiel’s cock, gripping at the blankets underneath them. Dean leans down, kissing Castiel passionately, slipping his tongue between his lips.
Castiel wakes in the dark and turns the lamp on. The room flooded with soft light. "Oh, Dean. You are stunning," Castiel muses to himself. His hand drifts to the nearby table to get his phone, and it comes back to him that it was destroyed in the fire. He sighs, tomorrow he'll have to get a new phone, then call the insurance company. That's going to be a pain. Looking at the clock, he notes it already past one, so Castiel pulls back the covers and tucks himself in. He grips the edge of Dean's shirt and thinks of the green-eyed beauty as he drifts off again.
you, then I’m one hell of a disappointment.” Dean searches the angel’s eyes, their faces a breath away.
Dean thinks silently to himself. Clearing his throat, he looks down at the table seeing the light scratch marks he had made earlier as visions of Castiel above him come flooding back to him. He casually slides a book over the marks before turning his attention back to Sam.
The phone vibrates, and he smiles at the text.
“A long time coming?” Castiel cocks a brow, holding onto Dean, steadying him. “Would you like a shower, Dean? I can help you get clean, and you can sleep afterward,” Castiel says in a soothing voice. He also notices the torn clothes all over the floor. “I’ll be sure to replace the clothes I’ve obliterated.” He smiles at the discarded clothes, then back to Dean.
Dean takes his time putting his stuff away and sets up his gear, hoping he’ll finally see some action and get to use it. He listens to the chatter of the station and listens to his coworkers come and go. Maybe, just maybe, he’ll get to go on a real run this shift and get to show them what he is really made of.
“I’ll help you look, Dean. I want to bring him back as much as you do. I feel like something is missing from our family with him gone to us,” Sam whispers, “I’ll check us out first and stay with Cas in the car, but you have to stay here until I get back. Okay?” He asks, more like trying to get Dean to stay put for a moment.
!” Aaron calls after him.
“I DON’T KNOW!” Dean roars, gripping the angel tight, by his arms, once more. “All I know is that I want you more than I’ve ever wanted anything in my life. If-if my jealousy, that you might have chosen someone before, me
Dean pushes his fingers in deeper, not wanting to deny the gorgeous man. He moans, grabbing Castiel’s cock at the base and bobbing his head up and down. The noises coming from Castiel cause him to moan softly as he feels his own cock leak into his boxer briefs.
Standing up from the table, Dean takes a few steps closer to Castiel. His eyes narrow, searching the angel’s face briefly before settling on his eyes. He swallows hard, lowering his voice, not wanting to wake Sam. He cocks an eyebrow as he runs his tongue along his bottom lip. “What was that last part?”
“Well, aren’t you just a ray of sunshine,” Dean groans, setting his phone down on the counter. He rolls his eyes to himself as he walks to his bedroom to change. He picks a green flannel with a dark grey t-shirt underneath. Dean wishes he could call or text Castiel a heads up that he was coming over if he was the type of person who didn’t like surprise company.
Dean narrows his eyes as he hears Castiel’s words and shakes his head. “And you think it would have been
Dean snatches his arm out of Castiel’s grip and focuses on putting his clothes on, wincing slightly at the crack in the angel’s voice. He quickly pulls on his clothing before turning to Castiel, meeting his blue eyes. Dean closes his eyes and pulls Castiel into his arms. He squeezing tightly as Dean buries his face against the other man’s neck, trying to calm himself with Castiel’s scent. “I can’t lose him,” Dean says, his voice low.
Tightening his grip, Castiel rubs his face against the firmness next to him. He rolls his hips, groaning slightly as his post-wake wood presents itself. “Dean,” he moans, lowering his face to get more comfortable.
“Good luck, man!” The cashier calls after him.
Castiel yawns, tossing the six-inch glitter dildo into a stock box. He makes a mark on the paper in front of him and turns towards another box, this one filled with silver cock sleeves. “It’s amazing what this industry comes up with,” Castiel laughs to himself as he begins to count.
“Not a whole lot. I like movies,” Dean chuckles. “So I watch a lot of westerns and action movies. Other than that, I make sure my girl is running smooth and looking good,” he grins. “What about you?”
The other man is a mass of solid muscle, but Castiel can carry him with no problem at all. Gently, he places Dean in the bed and under the covers. Turning the lights off, he quickly undresses and lays next to Dean, trying to warm him. Listening to Dean’s breathing in the dark lulls Castiel to sleep, his arms wrapped tightly around the other man.
Castiel slowly begins working on Dean’s hole, making his cock shudder and spew more liquid. Dean tosses his head back and begins to ride Castiel’s fingers, the feeling, and power, making him crazy with lust. “Cas, please… just take me already,” Dean begs, the embarrassment in his voice. Castiel obliges, slowly removing his fingers, and places himself at the opening of Dean’s ass.
“Right, Cas. Is it all coming back to you now?!” Dean crowds in more, not sure if it’s the need to be near the angel or his rage, making it impossible to get away. Dean’s mind and body are so at odds, it begins to muddle his thoughts.
“I assume Crowley,” Castiel says the name like it has a bad taste, “meant that he’s heard this line or variations of it countless times in Hell. Or maybe from wayward angels. The fact that you chose to understand it as my own utterance is beyond my understanding. How, pray tell, would Crowley even have heard me say this. In what context?”
“I need you to look into that power. I’ll bring Dean back as soon as I can.” Castiel is short with the brother, then teleports back to Dean.
Sam looks over at his towel-clad brother, cocking one eyebrow. “Good Morning. How’d you sleep?” Sam finishes his cup of coffee, setting it down next to his book.  Then he turns his body in the chair, giving Dean his attention.
Dean grips himself a little tighter, letting out a soft moan. “I’ve wanted to do that all day,” he admits. “What next?” He questions, opening his eyes, meeting Castiel’s.
Dean grabs his phone from its spot on the couch next to him and checks for any new messages or calls. Nothing. He lets out a soft sigh, dropping the phone on his lap. He assumed Castiel would have been discharged from the hospital by now and hoped to hear from him. He grabs his coffee and takes a quick sip, trying to pay attention to the movie he put on, but finding it difficult to concentrate.
Smiling around Castiel’s cock, knowing he’s the one responsible for this, he continues his work. Teasing with his tongue and nipping with his teeth, Dean quickens the pace. Using his mouth and hand, soon he has Castiel panting, calling out his name again. In a short time, Castiel’s cock begins to get bigger, and the angel’s body begins to shake.
“He seemed okay at first, Sam.” Dean snaps back at his brother. He sighs, rubbing his hands over his face trying to calm his breathing. Dean looks at Castiel’s body as guilt washes over him. Looking back to Sam, he shakes his head. “Let me change, and I’ll meet you in the library in five,” he offers, feeling deflated.
“Dean, I know you’re in the shower, but if you could hurry it up, I’d like to get in there soon,” Sam says through the door, unaware of what was transpiring between the two men. He walks away from the door, making a cup of coffee, and sits at the table, picking up a book about vampires. Cracking it open, he reads the passages within, humming to himself as he does.
“You’re more than welcome,” Dean blinks a few times, watching Castiel’s mouth. He nods and lets out a chuckle. “Yeah, insurance companies can be a pain in the ass,” he shakes his head. “If there is anything on our end that we can do to make the process easier on you, just let me know.”
Dean grips the wheel, squeezing slightly. “There isn’t a ‘her’,” he says softly.
A half-hour later, Sam emerges from the bathroom, his hair damp. He has his pajamas on and looks over to the window, the sunshine trying to break through the dark curtain. “Dean, I think we should take the whole day and start tomorrow morning. It wouldn’t be smart of us to go after them at night. They’re already strong enough. We have to prepare and eat. I’m starving, but I need to sleep more. Also, where is Cas? Has he made it back to the motel yet?” Sam glances around the cleaned room. “Bang-up job, Dean…”
“I can’t stop asking when I’m so
“You’re so beautiful,” Castiel breathes and reaches out, his fingers catching the band of Dean’s boxers and slowly slips them down his legs. He smiles wide when Dean’s massive cock smacks against his belly. Saliva pools in Castiel’s mouth as he thinks about how he can’t wait to get that fatness down his throat.
“Act on what exactly, Cas…” Dean says slowly, his eyes looking down at Castiel’s hands gripping his shirt. Dean settles his lightly calloused hand softly over Castiel’s. He blinks, looking up so his eyes meet Castiel’s blue ones. Dean takes a deep breath through his nose, causing his chest to rise slightly as he picks up a hint of mint coming from Castiel.
“I, uh, don’t have anyone besides Samantha, my employee. I suppose she is kinda like a little sister. I had to leave a lot behind after Hannah. I’ve been out here doing my thing and trying to grow a little clientele. Other than some random hook-ups, which by the way, I’m clean, thanks for asking, I don’t have any ties,” Castiel offers, then finishes off his glass. He grabs the bottle and pours another.
“It’s been some time, so start slow with me, okay?” Castiel asks and pushes the coffee table away from the couch with his foot. He hands the lube to Dean. “How do you want me?”
Reaching behind him, Castiel grabs the towel hanging on the dishwasher. He pulls it down and bends over the spill, sopping up the liquid. “You didn’t really make that much of a mess, to tell the truth,” Castiel finishes cleaning the beer. He tosses the wet towel in the sink and rises to his feet, taking his place against the counter again. Unable to help smiling at the blushing man, Castiel looks at the sight Dean makes. “So, what would you like for dinner? I’ll cook, but you’ll have to go shopping for the stuff you want. That is if it’s not too much a bother,” Castiel replies.
Fuck that bitch Hannah for hurting him the way she had, if Castiel was his…
“Hello, my name is Castiel Novak. I am at nineteen seventy-nine, route twenty-nine. I would like to report a fire. The location is called The Pleasure Zone. I am the owner,” Castiel provides the information and pushes at the door, but it doesn’t move. He shoves at it again with his shoulder, and again, it doesn’t budge.
Dean’s eyes widen, looking around the room seeing the state of chaos it is still in. Leaning down, he grabs a book close to him before setting it on the table. He rubs the back of his neck and shrugs. “Like I said, we had some things to work through,” Dean says simply. “What’s so different about these vamps? Cas mentioned one maybe being an alpha, but we’ve dealt with that before,” he replies, crossing his arms over his chest, hoping to change the subject.
