It was given out to the public that Thaddeus Ross had decided to take an extended leave from his post in Washington.  A year’s sabbatical to spend time in quiet contemplation, and then he would return, if the country still needed and wanted him.  The press conference had been a good one.  There were tears and a long ovation at the end, and a half-hearted hug from the president himself, who said, of course, Ross could come back.  The country would always need him, always want him.
The corner of Tony’s mouth ticked upward, but the tiny smile didn’t reach his eyes. They were dark and hollow, distracted, barely even meeting Steve’s at all. “Hey.”
Steve laughed as they dragged him out of the room.  Tony watched him go, then when he was gone, turned back to the room at large.  Most of the visitors had left, but there were still ten or twelve standing around watching the scene with expressions ranging from shock to humor to outright disgust.  One young mother had her hand over her son’s eyes.
Tony ran his hands up through Steve’s hair, then drew him closer. He kissed Steve again, then kissed his neck, his shoulder, his hands slid under his shirt and began to inch slowly up, exposing his skin. “Fuck,” he murmured. “You found me out. Gonna have to change plans now.”
Steve shook his head without lifting it from Tony’s shoulder. “No,” he said. “It’s you, Tony. It’s all you. You’re everything.”
“Actually, I think that’s what
It had been a good weekend.
Steve shrugged.  “Like I said, you’re wearing me down.”
Tony smiled in the darkness. “Yeah, baby,” he answered. “Together.”
Steve smiled.  It was sweet in the westering sun.  “Anything you want, Tony,” he whispered.  “Anything you want.”
“Tony,” Natasha began.
how it used to be too. Small and secret and sweet. “I’m gonna go to bed,” he said. “Sorry I surprised you. I really won’t do it again.”
Strange and Wanda came to the Tower at eleven, as promised.  Tony had hoped Wanda would come to him alone, and they could talk for a while, but she came with Strange instead.  It was fine.  There would be time after, and they were both so keyed up about the plan that neither had much to say beforehand anyway.  Tony gave her a “Hello” and asked how her trip had been.  She had said it was fine, thank you, and then it was time to go.
Steve turned his eyes to Nat.  He was starting to feel a little desperate.  Tony was stubborn, sure, but Jeff was immovable.  Steve even broke out his puppy-dog eyes.  He usually reserved them for special occasions--and this definitely fit the bill--but Jeff seemed totally immune.  That had never happened to Steve before.  “Nat, help me,” he pleaded.  “I can’t just
Thanks for reading!
“It’s okay, baby,” he answered.  “It’s okay.  I’m here.  I’m right here.”
Strange came down the hall.  He had been waiting at the ready for her call.  It made Tony dislike him a little less.  Pepper deserved someone who came when she called.  Tony hadn’t always done that.
200 mg. Sertraline
She knelt back down next to him and tentatively touched his shoulder.  When she spoke, it was in English.  “Some things do, James.”
Bruce stayed behind.  “Steve?” he said quietly, putting his glasses back on.  His voice was calm, soothing.  “Steve, hey, let’s go inside, alright?”
“Is it okay?” Tony asked, and all of a sudden, his face got anxious, his voice a little tight, a little worried. “I really didn’t know what to get. I wasn’t sure what you liked.”
Ross’ lips twisted into a cruel smile.  “Well, you two
. I can’t jeopardize that. What kind of person would that make me?”
“Of course, it is. It’s your party.”
Tony's stomach flipped over lazily. "I like it too," he said.
. Not like, change your driver’s license, magazine subscriptions, and voter-registration, officially.”
“I don’t know if it is,” Steve whispered.
“Later,” he said. “Tell me later. When we have more time.”
Natasha gave him a final squeeze then snuggled down in his arms again.  One rogue finger traced along the smooth line of his jaw.  “I really do miss your beard,” she said drowsily.
“Yes, sir,” she said, and the blinds stayed stubbornly open.
“‘Yeah, well’ really isn’t much of an explanation.”
“She has to stay another night?” Steve asked, his worry and fear raging. “I thought-”
Tony slid closer and put his head on Steve’s chest.  He threw his arm across his waist, and his leg over Steve’s leg.  It was the way they had almost always lain together.  Thinking back, Tony realized it was the exact position they’d been in the last time they’d been together in this bed.  The afternoon before Steve was taken.  The afternoon before he’d nearly killed Tony and then himself.
“But, their little
Bruce smiled, his already handsome face becoming even more so.  Tony was thrilled to think he could make that happen.  “Fancy.  I like it.”
Eyes still on Steve’s, Sam said, “We were just talking about how fast Superman would have to fly to reverse the Earth’s rotation.”
“Steve?” Tony said.
,” Howard snapped. “Good god, kiddo, set your sights a little higher.”
Steve watched him go, watched him reach Josh’s side, put his arm around him, talk to him. Steve watched. He wished he had another drink, but he didn’t order one. He just watched Tony instead. Just like he said he would. He watched him trying to smooth things over with Josh. He watched him start to sway a little, moving Josh with him until they were dancing the way Josh had wanted. Slow at first, then faster. It was a fast song. Steve had never heard it before. He didn’t keep up with what was popular in music. Not since Tony. Tony had been in charge of that. It had been his job. One of them, anyway.
“He wants me to leave?”
“There we go,” Tony said, and even with his eyes closed, Steve could hear the satisfaction in it. “That’s what I was after.”
It was easy enough getting into the hospital.
“Take it off.”
He scooped her up in his arms and held her tight. “I love you,” he said in her ear, and she squeezed him.
“Beg to differ.”
Tony felt a spark ignite in his chest.  “Yeah, Cap, I know.”  He stepped off the path and started picking flowers in his five hundred dollar jeans, leather jacket, and Ray Bans.  He handed them one-by-one to Steve so he could make them into a tidy bouquet.  “So, are you going to tell me why
“What?”
“I love you for that, Steve, but it shouldn’t be for me.  It should be for you.”
“Are you okay?”
Steve looked at him again, smiling his half-smile.  “Do you think so?”
Tony laughed under his breath and climbed onto the bed.  He pulled the covers back and got under them.  “Of course, I’m sure.  I’m always sure.  Come here.”
.  He remembered how he had lain back down on the bed and listened to Tony’s breath even out and deepen as he slept.  He remembered how he’d closed his own eyes, unafraid of the nightmares because there was something about this situation that felt so very safe.  He remembered wishing Tony was closer.
Steve looked away, back down at the lake.  A few gulls had landed on the sandy beach.  They strutted here and there self-importantly, reminding Tony of some of the members of the Board of Stark Industries.  Steve’s thumb had crept to his mouth and he started gnawing on the nail.  It was a habit he’d picked up over the last few weeks.  Tony didn’t like it.  It worried him.
Steve laughed low in his throat.  “'Henceforth'?  Where did you pick that up?”
Steve’s bare feet slapped along the concrete as they made their way up the corridors.  He had changed out of his pajamas during his “awake” times and into his jumpsuit for awhile, but after Tony, Wanda, and Doctor Strange had come to visit, he had pretty much lived in his pajamas.  In fact, he was not sure, even now, that the entire interlude had not been a very vivid, very detailed dream.  He wore the pajamas to keep it close.  If it had been a dream, he wanted to remember it as well as possible.  If it hadn’t, well, the pjs were more comfortable, anyway.
Steve took a deep breath. It was different, having the tie cutting his vision off. Closing his eyes was one thing, but this was...different. So often during the course of his life, he’d lost his autonomy. As a kid, his many illnesses had often made him dependent on someone else for his most basic needs. At times, he had been so weak he could not even feed himself--could barely
“Oh.  Maybe--” Steve said, then closed his mouth.
older.”
. The talking. And him not doing it was hurting Steve in a weird way he didn’t quite get. All he knew was that Tony wasn’t talking. And he looked sad. Really sad. And that hurt Steve too. He didn’t want Tony to look sad. He didn’t want him to
“Named himself, huh?  Pretty bold making himself a knight.”
Steve dropped Tony’s fist and dodged again as Tony struck.  “You know why.”
Strange stepped toward him.  “Captain, no.  You can’t.  You’re right in the middle of your treatment.  You can’t leave.”
Tony raised an eyebrow at Natasha.  “What do you say, Miss Romanov?”
--answered before Steve could even open his mouth. “He saw. I think everybody in the place saw.”
Steve stopped talking, and dropped his head into his hands again.  He was holding on, but just barely.  Tony could see that, and it was only the knowledge that he’d never be able to come back that stopped him from simply gathering Steve up in his arms.  Instead, he clenched his hands together in a tight fist.  His knuckles turned white immediately with the force of it.
“Good,” Tony sighed, relieved.
“See you later.”
“Don’t say that, Nat.”  His brow furrowed into a disapproving frown.  “Of course, we’ll see him again.  He’s probably just holed up somewhere.”
“I’m not going to bring it up.”
the ‘somebody else’. Trish is out of town with her family. Bailey’s pulling a double-shift already, and then there’s me.” He dropped his head, trying very hard to calm himself down a little. “I have to go.”
Tony looked at the chair to his left. It was empty, but his traitorous mind couldn’t help but fill it with the image of what Steve would look like lying there. He’d be wet. Fresh from the pool. Shirtless. The beads of water on his chest transformed into a kaleidoscope of color. He’d ask Tony if he was cold, and when he said,
“No. No, let’s go in.”
Tony frowned. “Decide what?”
“You heard him.  I’m an animal.”
He swallowed. He had no idea. “I...I don’t know. I just...Wherever Tony Stark works, I guess.”
“Hey,” Steve began uncertainly.
Tony shook his head.  Around them, some of the other visitors were beginning to stand up.  Hours were almost over.  The morning had slipped through his hands again, and a wave of desperation rolled through him.  He didn’t want to leave.  Didn’t want to leave Steve here at the mercy of a bunch of bullies and a government installation that didn’t really seem to care that the man they had in their custody deserved to be revered instead of overlooked.  Or used.  But they didn’t see him as a man.  No one did.  To Ross he was an animal that needed to be caged.  To the army, he was either a cross to bear or a pawn to be moved.  It was only Tony and their friends that saw Steve as a person.  Nat, Bucky, Bruce, Sam, Wanda, Thor, Clint, Rhodey, Fury, hell, even Stephen fucking Strange, they were the only ones who saw the humanity in him.  The fact that he was a man.
you think about the paparazzi?” he asked. “Are you going to be on TMZ tomorrow? Do I need to have Pepper put out a press-release saying your long lost evil twin decided to come take a dip in the pool before going back into hiding again?”
Tony knocked his shoulder against Natasha’s. “Not our first rodeo, huh, kid?”
“It’s
Fuck you, Steve Rogers.
“Finally gonna get your doctor a tan?”
. Like...like...Tony had no fucking clue anymore. “I’m certain he’s watching us right now,” Howard went on. “Making sure I’m being nice.”
“Don’t worry, Rogers.  I told her
Steve lifted one shoulder.  “This was your place.  You needed a space to yourself.”
Perfect.
“Hey, soldier.”
“Holy fuck, it is you,” Tony said.
“He didn’t say he’d get fired,” he muttered, shifting uncomfortably, like a kid himself. “I should apologize.”
"I don't know that either."
As he got closer, though, Tony could tell this one was different.  Steve, while still calm, had adopted his “Captain America” stance.  Almost parade rest, his shoulders squared and solid, hands on his belt, head slightly lowered.  Tony saw the muscle in his jaw working, the twitch of his fingers, and quickened his pace.
Tony glanced around the room.  No one was watching them, but he felt flustered.  He didn’t mind being looked at, but the thought of getting a raging erection in such a public setting was...maybe more of a turn-on than he had previously imagined.
“Fuck you.”
“And Spiderman-”
The images weren’t static.  The people in them moved.  Some were pacing, one was doing an intense set of push-ups.  While Tony watched, one turned the page of the book he was reading.  Some were lying on the cots, either sleeping, or--probably anyway--daydreaming.  Of murder, mayhem, or Mother, no one could tell.
Steve knew just how to calm him though. With soft eyes and softer words, and kisses and long, soothing strokes to his skin. Then when he was relaxed, lying so peacefully on the bed, Steve would either make his way down his body and take his cock into his mouth, or turn him over, get him on his knees, and slide into him. Sometimes Tony would tell him in words what he wanted, but usually, he just let Steve take charge. Just let him do what he wanted and trust that Steve knew how to take care of him. He always got it right. Always gave him exactly what he needed most.
be gone. Three years, Tony.” He laughed again. It stuck in Tony’s ears like barbed wire. “Three fucking
“‘Kay.”
,” Tony said, and Steve laughed again. God, Tony loved it when he laughed. Loved being the thing that made him laugh.
space was upsetting him a lot. In fact, he hated it. Hated himself for allowing it. And Steve must have caught some of that because he was frowning again. Concerned.
“Tony--”
If Strange was surprised to see Tony, he didn't show it.  He just took them right in when they got there. It made sense.  Steve was his only real patient.
“We say ‘under-privileged’ now,” Tony said, a trifle defensively, and Steve nodded.
Steve nodded. “Okay.”
“Good,” he said into Steve’s ear, then kissed it three times in fast little pecks that made Steve smile against his neck.  Tony hunched his shoulders, and Steve sat up.  His eyes were dry but very warm when they settled on Tony’s.  Tony touched his cheek, kissed his lips once.  “Thank god you finally see reason, huh?” he said.  “I really didn’t want to tie you up and force you to do this.”
“Maybe we could get some one day?” Howard said. “Have a talk?”
turned, and then there was just the quiet of the apartment. The city noise barely bled through, and why should it? This was a quiet street. Even at ten o’clock on a Saturday night, it was a quiet street. That was part of the reason why they lived here. So Bucky could have some quiet. He liked the quiet after what had happened. Tony wondered if Steve liked the quiet too, then realized what a stupid question that was. Of course, he liked the quiet. He always had. Even before living in a combat zone for so many years.
“Yes?  Although your connotation is maybe not the classiest thing ever.”
“Next time,” Steve echoed, and Tony must have heard something in his voice because he pulled back and looked into Steve’s eyes.
He poured himself a glass and leaned against the counter to drink it.  He should go out on his run, but he decided to let it go for the day.  He was already late, and this morning it didn’t seem as necessary as it usually did.
He’d never been here before, but he was pretty good at following directions. Good enough to find a hotel anyway, and, more importantly, the bar that was nearest to it. He dumped his stuff unceremoniously in his room, then found his way to the bar. He only took one wrong turn, which he didn’t think was too bad, and then he was sitting at the bar and ordering a double shot of whiskey that wasn’t really that good, but seemed to be getting the job done well enough. He thought after two or three more, he might be able to sleep without hearing Bucky screaming on the ground. At least, he hoped so. It hadn’t happened yet, but he hadn’t been able to get properly drunk until now. He’d treated himself to a bottle of Glenlivet for Christmas, but it was gone before the accident. Part of him wished he hadn’t shared it with the Howlies, but the bigger part--the
“Well, I’m happy to see you, too.”
Steve put his hand on Tony’s hip. He slipped his thumb underneath the hem of his t-shirt and touched the smooth skin there. “You look better than you did when you were seventeen.”
. He could. He knew he could.
“Please spare me your personality, Stark.  I don’t have the patience.”
happened. But he did. Just a cheap, thin little napkin from the coffee stand they stopped at. Worth maybe a third of a penny in actual cash-value, but to Steve, it was worth more than anything he owned. Except Dodger. Not that he really
“Mm.  Probably not.”
Bucky had followed his gaze. And Steve wondered just how in the fuck he could do that, when Steve himself was focusing all his attention on looking like he wasn’t looking. You know. Looking like he wasn’t looking at the way Tony’s boyfriend was busy licking and sucking on him like he was an ice cream cone. And how Tony was letting it happen. Not just
“Saturday.”
“Steve,” Tony said.  “Don’t you want to kiss me?”
“Thanos’ army?”
“What happened?”
“Damn,” he said, lying back on his bed. “You’re still pretty possessive, aren’t you?”
when he wasn’t feeling good.
Steve blinked as if Tony had slapped him across the face , but there was a hardness in his eye that darkened the ocean blue.  “I’ve tried telling you,” he said, his voice low, “but you won’t listen.  It’d be better--”
“Right there, Tony.  Just like that.  Please,” Steve panted.  “He came sometimes.  To watch.  Ross.”
have left?”
He’d said a lot of things, but Tony knew what he meant.  Thoughts of life preservers went round and round in his head.  “I will.”
“Are you sure?” Steve asked, and chewed his thumbnail.  “I stayed in the loft before.”
Steve glanced at his mother sleeping peacefully on the bed beside him. He thought about how much he loved her. How much she loved him. How much she wanted for him. How much he owed her. He tried not to think about Tony, but he couldn’t quite do it.
“I don’t think Captain Rogers would like that, boss.”
He breathed. Through it all, he just breathed. Let his hands trail down to run serene fingers through Tony’s hair. Cup his jaw. Trace his cheekbone. He breathed. While Tony traced a delicate tongue along his inner thigh. Breathed while Tony’s hands were soft and soothing on his skin, his voice hushed as he said, “I love you, baby. God, I love you so much.”
“I’m sure, kiddo,” he said. “Not sad. Just grumpy about the rain.” He stood up and swung her onto her feet. “So let’s go face it head-on, ‘kay? No more moping for us, right?”
Rhodey sat back again and shook his head.  “I don’t envy you.”  He paused.  “Or maybe I do.  I never noticed before, but those eyes
was real. That was everything.”
Tony reached up and kissed Steve’s smooth cheek. He nodded. “Yeah, baby,” he said. “In July.”
Steve tightened his grip on Tony, and put his forehead against his shoulder. “I usually go to closed meetings-” he began.
Steve tipped his head and kissed Tony’s neck.  “I’m not mad.”
Strange ignored that.  “What is it that you want her to fix?”
That flippity-floppity feeling.
, Captain Steven Grant Rogers’?”  Tony shrugged.  “I’ll leave that one up to you.”
“Nat and Bruce want to come up sometime,” he said, soaking in that look like a sponge.  “But I told them we might need a little while.”
“Hello, son,” Howard said when Tony opened the door. He barely glanced up from the paperwork on the coffee table in front of him. “How was the rest of your weekend?”
Steve raised his hand in a quiet little wave--and
“Still a shitty liar, Rogers.”
“What were you saying about not knowing any words? That was prettier than even Keats, baby,” Tony whispered, and in one smooth motion, pulled the fabric away, and leaned in to take Steve’s cock into his mouth.
“You miss them, don’t you?” he asked, and hopped onto the counter, his feet dangling, bumping against the cupboards with soft thuds of his heels.
“Yes.  Yes.  Please.”
Steve nodded.
Steve shook his own head, and his smile became more genuine. “Fuck you,” he muttered, and Sam laughed, the slight break between them fixed just like that. That was one of the things he liked about being around Sam. It wasn’t complicated. They were just friends. Nothing more. No weird fluttery feelings in his gut when he looked at Sam. No worrisome wonderings about what Sam’s hair would feel like under his palm. No memories of Sam’s breath on his cheek, his hand touching Sam’s hand in that shady spot under the trees back behind the school…
“No.”
“Babe,” he said, and Steve’s hand fell away from Tony’s hip. The nerves in his fingers seemed to moan out a soft lament. Not fair, they cried silently. That’s not fair.
They didn't celebrate an anniversary.
“Boss?  Miss Romanov is here.”
“I could have helped.”
“Yes.  We do.”
“I will.”
Steve shook his head. “No. I can get ‘em.”
She laughed into Nick’s hair. “So far as we know, for now I
Steve’s smile was small and sad.  “Doesn’t change anything, though.  I’ve been Captain America for...ever.  Sometimes it feels like I was born with that shield in my hands.”  He looked into Tony’s face, his eyes pleading silently.  “And I love it.  God help me, Tony, I
“Fantastic.”  He swallowed the rest of his coffee.  “Do you want anything?”
He looked down at the glass on the floor.  His hated reflection looked up at him a thousand times over.  “I’ll be careful.”
“Oh.  Sorry.”
like it,” Steve said, and Tony closed his mouth with a snap. There was something in his voice. Something hard but desperate, resigned but resolved, something that made him sound so much older than his twenty-one short years, and all of a sudden, Tony knew what it was.
“Okay.  Okay, so I’ll just think ‘fourth-frame’ thoughts from now on, right?  Every time I get up it’s all ‘fourth frame, fourth frame, fourth frame’ from here on out.”
She pulled out the tiny Derringer.  It had a pearl handle, the barrel, rose gold.  “Oh, it’s pretty,” she said, then looked up at Tony, horrified.  “I--” she shook her head.
He was sure. So, so sure. He wanted it. Wanted anything. Everything.
buy the unfrosted ones?”
Steve shrugged.  “Sam’s probably.  For a day or two, anyway.  Nick said he’d set something more permanent up if I wanted.”
“Yeah.”
“Hey.”
“Three o’clock.”
She sighed in his ear. “No, I am,” she said gently. “I know you had plans. I’m sorry, Tony.”
Tony held his hands up in surrender.  “No, Nat, I don’t mean to hurt him.  I mean, she could help him.”
Tony leaned against the car and wiped his hands on a rag he pulled from his back pocket.  He looked at Steve.  Steve looked back.  Those lethal eyes were in full effect tonight.  Steve may not believe in their existence, but there they were, killer as ever.  Like Cujo.
“Umm,” Steve said, thinking.  “I don’t think so.”
“What’s up, Doc?” Tony asked.
Tony kissed him again. Just soft and secret against his skin. “I’m sorry.”
He railed in his head.
She shrugged. “I gave you my blessing to be happy. Whatever that looks like for you...I’m fine with.”
“Maybe, my ass.”
He put his head in his hands. He’d forgotten about TMZ. “Shit,” he muttered.
“This is why we wear seat-belts, Rogers.”
Tony looked down into Steve’s face then nodded.  Steve took another shaky breath and Tony touched his cheek with a terrible tenderness.  Natasha stood and pulled Sam up with her.  Tony didn’t notice when they stepped away.  For him, they no longer existed.  His world had shrunk down to that little patch of grass, the hum of bees, the softness of Steve’s skin beneath the pads of his fingers.
?” he asked incredulously.
“Now? Here?”
She nodded. “Were you looking for Tony?”
“Hey.”  Tony let go of his wrist and sat next to him.  He put his arm around his shoulders and tugged.  “Come on, Steve, come here,” he coaxed, and Steve reluctantly allowed himself to be tugged until he was pressed against Tony’s side with Tony’s arm wrapped around his shoulders.
“But-”
“You know you’re older than I am?  Technically?”
Steve’s face fell.  He closed his eyes and rested his head in his hand.  “Take me to the Compound,” he whispered.  “I’m not technically allowed inside, but Nat and I had a place on the roof.  I can sleep there tonight.  It’s okay.  I’ve done it before.”
“Hey baby,” he said into the phone, trying to stave off the hard-on the thought of that sleepover was bringing on. “Party starts at six, ‘kay? No rush getting there. It’s sort of open-house, but I can’t wait to see you, so six-thirty-ish? That okay? Then-” and that hard-on was just
Steve laughed in the back of his throat, dark and deep and heady.  “Always with the wit.”
They climbed the rest of the stairs, and Steve opened the door at the top with a twist of his key. Tony followed him through the door, helplessly remembering every other time. The first time. The last time. All the times in between. His eyes scanned the room, and just like Steve’s had done, they fell on Morgan’s photograph immediately. He brushed past Steve and went to it, making a punched out little sound in the back of his throat. He raised a finger and traced it along the frame.
Tony winked back, then closed his eyes, still smiling.
“I miss you, baby.”
"I won't do it if you don't want me to," Clint said.   "But I owe you. For bringing Laura and the kids back. And-" he shifted a little, seemed uncomfortable, then settled again and looked into Steve's eyes.  There was a look in them Steve had never seen there before. A darkness. And Steve knew what he was thinking of, what he was remembering. Because Steve had those memories too.  Memories of being outside himself. Memories of being locked inside the cage of his mind, unable to control his thoughts or actions, and maybe he fell a little in love with Clint, after all.  "-And he shouldn't get away with it," Clint went on. "Any of it. He suffered in prison, maybe, but did he suffer enough?"
“You say you wanted me to be the one to find you, but you flinch if I even try to come near you.”  He shook his head in wonder.  “I'm never going to be able to win with you, am I?”
place. And that made it the
Tony lifted one shoulder in a shrug. He still wasn’t looking in Steve’s eyes, but he let him take his hand. He gripped it tightly. “I don’t know,” he muttered. “I just...wanted to see you.”
“That somebody-just-took-a-huge-piss-in-my-Cheerios face,” Bucky said. “That face.”
Steve nodded his head.
“What do you want to know, Tony?” she asked quietly.  “I'll tell you, but you have to tell me you want to hear it.”
Steve frowned, distressed.  “Don’t make me, Tony.  If I have to think about ‘Young Goodman Brown’ for one more minute I think I might go crazy.”
Tony put one arm around his shoulders, holding him. The other hand went to his hair and continuously stroked it, trying to soothe him. Tony could feel him trembling, that wall of muscle quaking just beneath his skin.
Steve’s fingers moved over Tony’s hand again.  He traced the blue veins, ran over the knuckles, delved into the heat of his palm.  “Are you sure?” he asked.  “After what happened before?”
Bucky stepped out of the dim to Tony’s right.  It was not one of the darker points Tony had seen.  In fact, he seemed to have simply materialized out of thin air.  Maybe he really
Steve’s face softened.  “Me too.”  His eyes flicked to the bathroom door, then back to Tony’s face.  “I was gonna...but let’s just go to bed.”
“Mm-hm.”
“You’re just saying you’d rather not talk to me.”
“He’s alive.”
know it’s inappropriate to strip you down in front of our whole family and a man of the cloth.”
,” Steve panted. “Tony, please.”
Tony opened the drawer and pulled out the Glock.  It was large, heavy in his hand.  Dangerous.
He never thought he’d see him again.
Steve chewed his thumbnail as he watched Tony read.  “Well?” he urged after a minute.
“I think I can now.”
“What?” Tony said.  “I mean, pretty much, right?”  His voice was light, almost flippant, but he suddenly felt very tense.  He wanted Steve to have this.  He wanted to be able to give it to him.
“I want you,” Steve rasped. “I do, Tony. I want you, but-”
“Don’t know,” Steve answered. “Maybe.”
Suddenly, he turned, cat-quick, super-soldier quick, grabbed a wine glass from the counter, and hurled it against the wall.  It exploded in a sharp, deadly rain of crystal.  Everyone ducked, covering their faces.
“You know what was worse?” Tony asked, bitterness creeping in.
Tony took his time chewing his pizza, then sucked on his straw. He hadn’t told Howard about Steve. Mostly because he didn’t think it was any of his goddamn business--but part of him really did want to tell him. The part of him that enjoyed these lunches with Howard. The part of him that had always wanted to have a
Tony shot him a surprised look.  His hand fell away from his arm.  “What are you talking about?”
“Whoever said I was virtuous?  Save that for your homelife, baby, this is business.”
“What are you doing here, Rogers?” Ross asked.
“No, Tony, you’re tired, I’m tired, let’s just--”
man.”
“Tony!”
Steve drew the cord between his fingers again. He’d donated most of Mrs. Perkins’s things when he moved into the apartment, but he’d kept some stuff. Practical stuff that he needed and didn’t really have. Plates and silverware. The dining table. A desk and bookcases. Some lamps. And the phone. He’d kept the phone on the bedside table, and he wondered with a small smile what she’d think right now if she knew he was using it to talk to his boyfriend at twelve-thirty a.m. while the beginnings of an erection began to stir.
day?”
“Yes,” he answered.  “Yes, I’ll do that.”
Steve nodded. “Yeah. You don’t trust me, Tony. I told you I took care of it. I told you I handled the whole thing with Thad, and you didn’t trust me enough to take me at my word and just let it go. When he came up to you and started talking, you should have just let it go. If you trusted me, and believed me when I said I had it taken care of, then you would have just ignored him."
Tony stood up and took the first aid kit back into the bathroom.  Steve did not look after him.  While Tony had been sitting so close, holding his hands, it had felt as though all the oxygen had been leached from the air between them.  Only now did it feel like it was coming back, like he could breathe again.  Had Tony felt it?  That breathless sensation that sapped the strength from his muscles and left him feeling as weak as a newborn colt in a green field?  It seemed for a moment that maybe there had been
“I’ve got it taken care of, Mr. Stark.”
“You are not crazy.”
“Touch me,” Tony said. “Please.” He closed his eyes as Steve’s hand grasped him and jerked him off in time with his thrusts. “Oh fuck, baby, just like that."
“‘Kay,” he said, and held Tony tighter, asleep again in seconds.
Steve looked down at his feet. He chewed his lip. He didn’t look up, even when Howard stood and stepped around the desk toward him. “I must admit,” Howard said, “you have grown into a fine-looking young man. You seem honest. Pleasant. You’re obviously hard-working.” He laughed a bit. “If I met you on the street for the first time, I would most likely not have any issue with you, at all. I might, in fact, have held you up as an example to my son.” He cocked his head in a way that reminded Steve forcefully of Tony, but instead of being endeared the way he was with Tony, the gesture left him cold. So very cold.
The half-smile shot an arrow through Tony’s heart, lodging it deep.  Tony only barely kept the wince of pain off his face.
“What happened?” Steve asked, his eyes flitting around the room.  “Where are…” He stopped, and Tony saw everything come back to him.  His eyes cleared, and he clutched Tony’s arms with strong fingers.  “Wanda.  Where’s Wanda?”
“It’s nice the option’s mostly there,” Steve said.  “For other people.  But I’m kind of okay with us the way we are.”
Tony’s face softened. The crack in Steve’s heart widened a little more. The hurt got a little sharper. “Tony?” he said, and he hated the pleading tone, but he couldn’t help it. He couldn’t.
take the year to quietly contemplate what he’d done to Steve.  What it felt like to be an animal in a cage.  Maybe some time away would actually change the son of a bitch.
and then Strange ushered him through the portal with a final wave.
“I’ll look better then than you look now.”
“Hey,” Tony snapped. “Target has some good shit.” He had never been inside a Target, but Steve loved it. He bought all his sheets there. “You know what?” he said. “I think I will try Target. Thanks for your time.”
“Yes.  Pizza first.”
Steve laughed a little. Ran a hand through his hair. “Maybe I did.”
"I like you in red," he said, and brought Steve's hand to his lips. He kissed each finger, holding the silk-wrapped palm in his own.
“An ‘incident’, maybe,” Sam said. “Look, he made Sarah promise she wouldn’t call you, so that’s why I’m doing it. He’s fine. You know? He’s
Tony and Sam sat next to each other, a couple of drunks and a twitchy little drug-dealer sat across the way. None of them spoke. None of them had spoken for a while. That was good, too. Tony didn’t want to listen to some guy on a meth-addled tirade. He didn’t want to listen to anything. He just wanted to sit quietly and wait for the cavalry.
Steve ducked his head, a slow blush rising out of his collar. “No,” he said. “I think I’m gonna go sleep on the couch.”
Steve found the bottle again the night of his mother’s funeral. Sad and lonely, he’d drank until he passed out and only woke up when he started to vomit. He hurried to the toilet and threw everything up then dry-heaved until his asthma kicked in. Head spinning, lungs gasping for non-existent breath, he lay on the cold, chipped tiles of the bathroom floor waiting to die. When his breathing eased and the shakes subsided, he crawled into his mother’s room and up onto her bed. He rolled into a ball, clutching his still-queasy stomach, the dusty-sweet scent of her lavender sachet in his nose, and wished he
“Hi,” he breathed, cupping Steve’s cheek to tip his head back, gaining him fuller access to his mouth.
Tony tipped his head in a considering way. “Well,” he conceded reluctantly, “to be fair, I probably should have taken a little better care of
Speaking of…
Tony leaned heavily against the car.  “I know,” he mumbled.  “He’s just such an arrogant prick.”
.  I kept telling Nebula, ‘Steve’s coming.  Steve will find us.’”  He laughed cynically.  “I shoulda known better, though, right, Rogers?  It’s not the first time you left me somewhere.”
Steve nodded to the blowtorch.  “You were using that and thinking about me?” he asked.  “Should I be scared?”
“Yeah?”
So, instead, Steve applied his tried and true method of dealing with Tony: he ignored him.  He brushed past him and went to the armoire where they kept a bunch of DVDs and started going through them.
.” He shook his head. “There’s no fucking way they won’t send him overseas, Tony. Iraq. Afghanistan.” He looked back at Tony. “Somewhere. You know that. And you know he’ll go. And he’ll do what they tell him to do, because he wants to help people. All the people. The people here. The people there. He’ll want to believe that he’s making a difference in the
Pepper threaded her arm through his and walked him the door.  “I am sorry about Steve,” she said, fixing his tie.  “He’s not my favorite person, but that doesn’t mean I want him to hurt.”
Steve lifted one shoulder.  “I guess not.”
Tony thought about all the times he had zoned out in his lab and nodded. “I get that,” he said.
“I know.”
--and steering him toward the door, “are going to be late for Fury. And we can’t have that because the sooner you go, the sooner you come home.”
“Who hated him.”
He left it on the dresser, took his cane, and left the room without looking back.
Steve nodded, but he felt odd, almost drugged.  “I’m fine.”
He thought he would break down, and held himself back, grappling with the stupid, fucking
“I know you did, honey.”
, he mind cried, and Tony shot to his feet.  His knees popped, the sound loud in the tiny metal room, and he laid hold of Steve and yanked him backward.
“I mean it every time.”
Tony didn't agree, but he slid into the front seat anyway. Steve didn't look at him. Didn't speak to him. Didn't acknowledge him, at all. His hand was on the gear shift, and he gripped it tight in his fist.
coming home.”
“Anything.  Anything you want, Tony.”
“Every time after this time.” Steve squeezed him again, then kissed his neck again, made his way over to his mouth, and kissed his lips very softly. “I love you.”
“Mm-hmm.”
He wanted to do that. He wanted to do that so badly.
“I’ll clear one out tomorrow,” Steve said, and bent down to kiss him. “I’ll clear out as many as you want.”
make a difference. I think if anyone can, it would be him.”
“And Superman protects Metropolis.”
“I had hoped I was misinformed about the nature of your...relationship to this fugitive, Mr. Stark,” Ross said.  “It appears I was not.”
, already.
“Okay,” Steve said. “I’ll call him tomorrow.”
“Are you sad?”
Also, this is actually more like Chapter 5: Part 1.  Even though I'll call it Chapter 6, the next one will really be Chapter 5: Part 2.   I wanted to do it all together, but I was afraid it would be way too long, and I was struggling with where, or if, I should cut it.  This seemed like the place.
hands maybe, like Tony was his boyfriend, like they were together, a couple…
Tony thought about calling him again, but decided not to. He’d be seeing him soon, but it still didn’t feel like it was soon enough. He could not fucking
Steve nodded. “Okay?”
account,” Steve grumbled.  “Did you ever think of that?  Christ, Tony, not everything is about you.”
The guy flashed angry eyes.  Clint shook his head indulgently.  “So, like I said, get the fuck out of here.”
“Yeah. For something.” He shook his head and eased down onto Steve’s lap. “There’s always something.”
“Play hostess!”
“That sounds awesome.”
“No,” Tony said, but his face so obviously said he wanted the exact opposite. “I’ll just go to a hotel. It’s okay. I’ve got my credit card. I just wanted to see you for a minute.”
But that didn’t mean he couldn’t still be a part of things.  First and foremost, he was an engineer.  He was brilliant.  A, dare we say with absolutely no ego at all, genius, and that meant he still had something to give.  So, he spoke to Ross who decided to give him consultant-status again.  That allowed him to design and build again.  That always made him feel good.  Useful.
Steve nodded. “Yeah. I do.”
“I miss you, too.”
“Everybody warned me about you,” she said and snatched the t-shirt out of his hands.  She tossed it into her suitcase.  “They told me you were a cold-hearted bastard.  But I didn’t believe them.  You were so sweet when we first met.  So funny.”
Steve nodded without lifting his head. “Yeah. We should.”
Tony walked around the table.  He picked up the tape then put it back down.  Flicked the water bottle with his finger.  He didn’t look at Steve.  “It’s my building,” he said.  “I guess that means I can go wherever I want.”
Clint hopped off the railing and came down the wheelchair ramp to where Steve was sitting.  He sat down on the step beside him. He didn't say anything else, but he put his hand on the back of Steve's neck.  The gesture was so warm and unexpected, Steve felt like crying. He leaned into him, put his head on Clint's shoulder.
“I wasn’t going to tell you this,” Rhodey said, leaning forward and planting his elbows on his knees, “but I saw him yesterday at that burger place across the lake.”
Tony released him abruptly and leaned against the counter.  He rubbed his face with his hands.
“We have to take this slow, Tony,” he said finally, and Tony felt the ground beneath him disappear. Yup. His heart
Tony snorted.  “Say what?  Convalescent?  You don’t want me to say convalescent?  Why don’t you want me to say convalescent?”
“I am not your assistant anymore, Tony.”
Tony didn't think he was fine.
you?” Steve asked, his tone worried. They had stepped away from each other while they talked, but now he reached out to touch Tony’s fingers. “Are
imagined going down on him--but never the intricacies of it. Never the slight chemical taste of chlorine from the pool water. Never the luxurious feel of the sheets beneath his own body. Never the delicate way Steve ran his hand through Tony's hair. For all his formidable imagination, he still found himself lacking, and he was honestly thrilled by that prospect. Thrilled to find there was even more to being with Steve than he could have ever imagined in a million years.
“Point-five percent?” Steve asked.
Silence while she processed that.  While she calculated a response.  Tony waited.  He owed her that much.
“Batman protects Gotham.”
Steve wasn't sure if it was about feminism, but he still thought it was a hell of a story.
Steve blinked, surprised, but the corner of his mouth quirked up too. “I don’t really think I’m crazy,” he said. “Just like to get up early.”
It came to him then, with Steve rocking into him, that
“She fell down last week,” Tony said weakly. They were standing side-by-side, Tony still facing the counter, Steve away from it, their bodies overlapping just the smallest bit. Steve moved the hand that had snuck around Tony’s waist and let his thumb begin to caress him. He kept it over his shirt. Even though he desperately wanted to touch his skin, he kept it over his shirt. This wasn’t about romance. It was about comfort.
Steve shrugged.  “I don’t know.  I don’t know if it’s just my history, or if they do that with everyone.”
Howard sat his coffee down and pulled the chair out. He slid into it, and arranged his legs, the crease in his pants, the lapel of his jacket. It all happened unconsciously, Steve was sure, and it was strange to see. He saw Tony in some of those movements. In the way Howard moved his hands, the way he held his body, and Steve was almost awed by it. Awed...and repelled. And that was
?” Tony asked, but she shook her head.
“No.”
“And then what?”
“‘Night, Steve.”
Bruce slipped behind the wheel of the car.  Tony stepped away and waved as they pulled out and drove down the road.
. He wasn’t thinking about Bucky or Jonathon anymore, so it was working anyway, and that was all that really mattered.
“Maybe it’s for the best,” Steve said. His hand found one of Tony’s, and he brought it to his lips and kissed the knuckles. “If she makes you happy, then it’s for the best. If you love her more than-” he paused, kissed Tony’s hand again, “then it’s for the best.”
He left.
“Steve?” he said, and Steve lifted his head to look into his eyes. “Do you want to? Do you want
No, right now, all he wanted was to have friends, and sit in the dusty, hazy, lazy, chalk-smelling classrooms, and eat lunch in the cafeteria, and meet Steve to study after school.
I hate myself right now.
Tony blinked, surprised.
“Yeah, but you’re
Steve kissed his ear and whispered, “Forever, forever, forever.”
“Pfft,” Tony scoffed.  “Semantics.”  Steve glared back at him, but the fondness won out.  Again.  Grinning that Stark grin, Tony leaned over and kissed the side of Steve’s neck, then pushed him up the path toward the cabin.
They stood toe-to-toe, Howard taller, his eyes darker, his anger a palpable thing between them. Tony, slighter, his own eyes bright, sharp. They were like two versions of the same man. A mirror slightly distorted by age and circumstance.
He brushed sudden tears away.  “I can’t.”
Tony yet, though.”
“Oh. No. Sorry, Tony.” He gestured at the paperwork in front of him. The legal pads covered in a scrawl of numbers, either crossed-out or circled. The open books. The light from his laptop lit his face in a blue-white glow. “I just...I’m sorry. What did you say?”
He hadn’t known what those last words had meant.  Not until now.  Not until Steve said them again now, here, in plain old English, his lips, his tongue, things that had given Tony so much love, so much pleasure, now spilling forth words that were as sharp and deadly as the razor he had once wielded.  Tony put his hands over his ears and rocked himself.  It was too little too late.  The damage was already done.
“What happened to that ‘I’ve had a good run’ guy?”
“You didn’t do that, Steve,” Tony said, and Steve didn’t think he’d ever heard him sound so defeated.  “You know you didn’t.  There’s something here.”
“Nobody’s going to talk about it, baby,” he assured him.  “Not unless you bring it up.  Then we’ll talk as much as you want.”
Steve scrubbed a tear away with the back of his hand. “I’m sorry.”
“No,” Tony breathed.  “There just always has been.  Before.  There’s always been one.”  He laughed a little.  “And it’s kind of scary.”
he thought, and opened the door.
“Fuck that,” Tony said.  “What happened to you?”
“I will.”
“The worst.”
“What?” Steve asked quietly.
Then the door was closed. And Steve closed his. And shit. Shit. Shit. Shit.
Hours.
“What should I say?”
, now.
The button opens. Finally. Another kiss. Lips. Neck. Chest. Stomach.
Tony complied.  “What was it?  What about him?”
“They tried to tear him out of himself,” he said.
He stepped into the garage, the familiar scent of motor oil enveloping him.  It was tinged with the faintest hint of leather and the earthy odor of horses.  This had been a stable once, a long time ago, but no horse had been inside for twenty years.
Thank you for indulging me! I don't usually write sweet love stories, but I hope you all enjoyed this one. Thank you for reading!❤️❤️❤️
“How was everything?” the girl behind the counter asked.
“Right.”
wanted to.  I was trying to be good.  Guess we can see where being good got me.”
He turned to Steve. “How ‘bout you, gorgeous? Wanna make that mistake too?”
“Captain?”
Not anymore.
“I’ll be okay.  I can handle it.”
--I just get so stuck inside my head, sometimes I can’t find my way out.”
“Want to?”
“Oh my
Steve shook his head.  “That wouldn’t punish
part immediately. Whatever that
on his own--and when he joined the army, well, the whole point of the army was to lose yourself. To turn your will and your body over to something else. To become a part of something larger than yourself. To work as a unit, become a piece of a thing that ultimately became more than the sum of its parts. And then when he’d woken up from the ice…
Tony gave him another shove.  “Get
Tony kissed his neck, rubbed his shoulders, turning Steve to putty in his hands.  “No, Steve, you really don’t.  You don’t have to say anything.  Just leave it alone.  You don’t owe him anything.”
“I can’t understand you with the gag, silly.”
, right at the end of the Thanos thing.  He’d nearly forgotten what it was like, what it was like to have Steve towering over him, his head bent, his back curved, his hands on him, his mouth on him.
Steve’s hand tightened on the phone, squeezing it tightly in his fist. Tears started to leak from the corners of his closed eyes.
more of a Michael.
“Hey soldier,” he said lightly.  “Going my way?”
Steve said nothing, just looked at her, tears brimming in his eyes, making them shine all the brighter.  He reached out and touched the soft fall of her hair.
“I don’t know,” he mumbled.  “Around.”
“Not much. Made dinner. Did homework. The usual.”
The door to the bedroom was open, the tv flickering blue-white on the rumpled white duvet. Tony was curled up underneath it, his shoulder, clad in Steve’s old t-shirt, stuck out. Steve could see it move with his sleeping breath.
want to.  I
“No.  That wasn’t the plan.”
“Did you need to be checked up on?”
“You really
Steve laid his head on Tony’s shoulder and held onto his waist. “I guess. Still sucks, though,” he said into Tony’s neck. “I was looking forward to tonight.”
After the burgers were gone, their waitress refilled Tony’s coffee and Steve’s Coke, and handed Tony the dessert menu. He glanced at it, and gasped. Steve looked sharply up from the newspaper he’d been reading. “What?” he asked.
Of course, he would.
"What happened to him?" Steve asked, feeling even more stupid that had to ask such a basic question when everyone else seemed to know.
“I, uh, I think I used all the hot water,” Steve said.  “Sorry.”
Tony stopped talking as Steve’s eyes met his and held.  The same crystalline blue that had stopped his mouth and stopped his heart forever did so again now.  His voice was the same too, if slightly cracked from disuse.
“Can you stay right here for just a second? I gotta go tell Steve something, okay?”
“Nothin’,” he said, scratching absently at the stump of his arm. “I’m just wondering what brought this on. You’ve never talked about getting out before.”
you. So much.”
"Would we kill him?  Is that what you had in mind?"
being on the receiving end. But since he’d met Steve, he had discovered the unique thrill of being the one who
They started walking. Hand-in-hand. Back down the dock and then turned west.
She softened, but kept his hand in hers. She gazed at him, her head on the pillows, her eyes warm and bright with unshed tears. “I’m so lucky to have you,” she whispered.  “You’re the best thing in the world. The best thing I ever did.”
, it said, but it was fond. Very fond.
“Except you’re making me sound a lot cooler than I really am.”
When it was over, he collapsed gracelessly onto the floor and reached for Tony. “Come here,” he muttered, but Tony shook his head.
“When has anything ever been simple for us, Tony?”
“Yeah. I am.”
So, they watched a movie about three English girls whose father died and left them penniless and the only way they could improve their lives was by finding a rich husband.  Steve wasn’t entirely sure he agreed with the message of the movie.  All the women he had known and loved, from his mother to Peggy to Natasha, were too smart and tough to need a man to take care of them.  He’d begun to drift off, his eyelids growing heavy, then suddenly he was awake again.
like it. I always liked it short.” She looked at Tony. “What does Tony think?”
“Then how?”
“Probably not much call for a suit and tie in the army, huh?”
Tony laughed sourly.  “Hey, it’s alright.  Any port in a storm, right?  I mean, golden-boy Steve Rogers and worthless Tony Stark?  It’s crazy.  Howard’s probably rolling in his grave.”
Tony looked up, feeling guilty. Like he’d been caught red-handed doing something downright dirty. “Yeah?”
“No, no, no, baby,” Tony soothed, touching those vertical worry lines between Steve’s brows.  “You died.  You’re off the hook.”
Steve laughed his slow, sleepy bedroom laugh.  “Not what I meant, Stark.  But...yeah.”
,” he exclaimed as Steve pressed directly against his prostate. He dug his fingers into the blankets, grabbing great handfuls, pulling them tight. “Oh, you bastard,” he sighed, and Steve laughed again.
. Unless he meant Rhodey and Carol. Or maybe Nat and Bucky? “Well, I mean, it’s kind of a learning-curve for me too,” he said. “The parenting-thing is a little harder when you’re doing it alone.”
to be comfortable with
“A light?”
“You guys don’t have to worry about me.  Even today.”
“Tell him hi back.  And Clint.”
Tony raised his finger. “Right here.”
He almost broke down again, but he held himself back. Held it together. “I missed you too, Mrs. Rogers,” he said, wiping his eyes one more time. “Is Steve okay? Where is he?”
Tony kissed him. He lay against him and kissed him, running his hands possessively through his hair, and along his neck, and over his shoulders. “I love you,” he said. “And maybe it’s too early to say that, but I don’t care. I love you. And I need you. And I
“This is war, Tony,” Steve said.  “There are going to be casualties.”
“You’re staring.”
“We need to get him out of there,” Tony said.
“I didn’t mean that like it sounded,” Steve said.  He spoke slowly now, carefully, as if choosing his words with the greatest of care.  He still hadn’t raised his head, though.  He looked at his lap.  Tony longed to see his eyes.  They were exquisitely expressive and said the things his voice never would, but he was denied that for now.
“Does he talk about it?”
Slowly, Steve said, “Not. Now.”
Sorry again if the format looks wonky.  Between work and other stuff I can't get to anywhere with decent Wi-Fi.  One more chapter to go!
Tony put his foot on the floor and leaned forward, grasping Steve’s wrist in one tight fist. “Yeah, well, I know
And then when they got home, there’d be Morgan’s bedtime stuff--pajamas, teeth-brushing, a glass of water. Then another glass of water. Stories, and goodnight kisses. All that was good now.
“You got any other surprises for me, Thad?” Tony asked.  “Don’t lie.  FRIDAY can sweep the room and if she sees something, you and I will have to take a little trip behind the woodshed.”
“Are you alright?”
“Nothing,” Tony answered. “There is
The bartender gave him a wary eye. “You sure? You’ve had a few.”
Steve nodded.  “Yeah.”
He sped down the dirt driveway, that was now the mud driveway, tearing huge ruts in it with the heavy car.  Good, old-fashioned metal.  None of this fiberglass shit for him.  He was an Iron Man, through and through.
Steve turned his hand and clasped Bucky’s. He smiled, feeling a warmth in his chest that he used to only have with his mother, and now he had with Sam, and Bucky, and Nat too. He didn’t count Tony. Not because he didn’t want to, but because he still did want to. More than he should.
“The second.”
Steve thanked god for every one of them.  Every day, every hour, every minute, every
No reply.
Tony laughed. It sounded startled but carefree. And like the best thing Steve had heard in two months. “‘Couple bucks’, huh?” he said.
“Why?”
“Number one:  You don’t have to ask me if it’s okay.  I’m not the boss of you.  Don’t get me wrong, I love the check-in, but I want us to be equal.  You know, partners.”
“Yeah, it is,” Steve agreed.  “Death would never keep us apart, right?”
Tony didn’t make him wait anymore.
“Yes.  The day after.  They transported him on the 26th.”
“You heard him, Nick,” Ross said.  “He’s fine.  He’s a big boy.  He can make his own decisions.”
felt amazing. Like a part of him that he had thought was buried and gone forever was slowly crawling back up into the light. And it was funny to think that that could be happening to him. He’d never had more than one good thing at a time in his entire life. How could it be now that he had
Tony leaned in and kissed his mouth.  “Yup.”
“Mm,” Rhodey nodded.  “I said, ‘He’s got you, doesn’t he?’ and when he didn’t say anything, I thought I’d better come see what was up.”
“And you need us too. You need me. You have to have me. And do you know why?”
Tony waved a hand and filled two cups with coffee. He dumped sugar into his own and handed Steve his undoctored. “It’s close enough,” he said. “Morgan will be up soon anyway.”
Tony laughed. “Yeah, yeah, yeah,” he said, and used Steve’s hand to tow him down the hallway.
Steve nodded, smiling.  “I wish there was something I could do for you.  For taking care of him.  And me.”
Tony pulled him back, forcibly breaking the bonds of their linked hands, and then the images were gone.  Tony collapsed back, his arms wrapped around Steve’s chest, holding him while Steve shuddered in his arms.  His eyes rolled back in his head and he whispered nonsensical words under his breath.
Tony closed his eyes. He understood. That was the bitch of it. He understood completely how Steve felt. He worked at Stark Industries part of the time now. Training to take over someday. He knew what it felt like when something just clicked, because he felt it every time he went to work now. It just clicked. He didn’t really
, and he loved it. He loved it, and he hated it, because as pure as it was, he wanted the words too. He wanted the promises. He wanted everything.
“I know.  Look, I know you care about the guy--”
Tony bristled, but kept himself under control.  He adopted his count-to-five technique again.  “No.  He doesn’t even know I’m here.  I told him I’d send his letter.”
“He started seeing a psychiatrist.”
“No, it’s not the point,” Steve agreed.  “The point is, I don’t want it.  I hate it.  I hate having it.”  He shuddered a little, and Tony rubbed his shoulder, giving him unconscious comfort.  “It feels like blood money.”
“FRIDAY?  Where is he?”
“I won’t talk about it, but thank you.”
“She is pretty tough.”
“I haven’t, boss,” Happy answered, then groaned as Strange took down his remaining knight.
“You’re fucking crazy, Jones,” Bucky was saying. “We all know that Babe Ruth was the greatest player ever.”
He didn’t get undressed. He just climbed into bed in his t-shirt and dress-pants. He was pretty sure Tom Ford wouldn’t approve of this treatment, but he wasn’t here. He didn’t know the situation, so fuck him too.
“Okay.  Thanks.  Will you tell him I’m on my way?”
Right.  Focusing.
Tony smiled.  “Just a ride.”
“Aww,” Tony teased, “did you write me a love-note?”
“Suicidal,” he answered bluntly.  “We took away anything and everything that could be used as a weapon.  That’s SOP with all new patients.  We kept him under 24-hour surveillance.  I special ordered vibranium restraints from Wakanda after he tore through three sets of the standard ones and two pairs of high-grade steel handcuffs.”
If he ever got here, that was.
“Don’t get ahead of yourself, Mom.”
Actually, he had committed it all to memory the second time through. He could pilot the damn thing if he needed to, let alone know where the armory was.  But Tony didn't need to know that.
“Three syllables isn’t a bad thing,” Steve said. “Anthony is a good name.”
“Were there perks to being in the army?”
And everything else was gone.
She nodded.  “That’s part of what I’m going to tell him.”
Steve picked up the pace, jerking himself faster, imagining Tony’s hand instead of his own. Those hands. Those beautiful, rough,
“Not yet.”
Tony.
“I was as much to blame.”
In one smooth, fluid motion, Tony slid off the counter and pushed Steve’s knees apart until he was kneeling between them.  He grasped the back of his neck, his fingers brushing the ends of his hair, and pulled him close.  “Come here,” he said, and sealed their mouths together in a kiss.  Tony opened his lips and Steve’s tongue slipped inside fearlessly, licking into the wet heat of Tony’s mouth, running along the smooth velvet lining of his cheek.
“Even if I didn’t hurt her, can you imagine how scary that would be for her?” he asked in a small voice. “If what happened this morning happened in front of her?” He shook his head, but he didn’t try to move out of Tony’s arms. “No. I can’t do it. I can’t be part of your lives. I was crazy to think I could.”
fucked up, Tony.  I guess it still is, but at least it’s gotten a little better now.”
“I still missed you.”
“Okay,” he said. “I’ll give it a shot.”
Steve curled himself tighter around his body, his hand finding Tony’s again. The silk tie chafed pleasurably against Tony’s palm, an ephemeral promise made somehow real. “Mm,” Steve hummed. “Together.”
“That’s not going to happen to us, is it, Tony?”
She shook her head, smiling a little.  God, in the sun, she even
Steve looked at him finally. The realization had been building slowly, but it came to a crashing crescendo as Howard stood in front of him now. “You want me to break up with him,” he said. “You don’t want to be the bad guy. You want it to be me.”
Tony closed his eyes.  “I already know that.”
Neither came right out and said that they were acknowledging the fact that another month, another year, another
Tony wet his lips, put his hand on Steve’s thigh.  “She’s going to fix you,” he said.  “Magic all that bad shit right out of your head.”
Tony huffed in feigned irritation and rolled his eyes. “I guess.” Steve gave him one more quick peck, then drug his chair close and sat down. Tony watched him do it, watched how he didn’t stop smiling the entire time, and he felt a little tug of suspicion. “What are you so happy about?” he asked.
“Okay,” Morgan agreed, and grabbed Steve’s hand. Steve’s. Not Tony’s. “Come on, Steve.”
“I’m okay, Mom,” he said. “But yeah. I’m pretty tired.” She didn’t say anything, just folded him into her arms again, squeezing him and kissing his cheek. He put his head on her shoulder, one arm still around Dodger, and let her hold him for a minute, just reveling in the comfort of her embrace. When she finally released him, he looked around the small apartment. “Where’s Tony?”
“Steve!” she cried, and jumped into his space, crowding against him and burying her head into his stomach, little arms going around his waist.
“Aw, you’re no fun,” Bucky teased.
Maybe it did.
“Um.  Nothing.  But I know what I’m going to do from now on.”
“She could kick all of our asses.”
snarfing through the underbrush, Morgan on her hands and knees, Dodger right beside her. “Me and my shadow.”
“The cowboy guys with the triangle things,” he said, his shoulders lifting in an embarrassed shrug.  “It’s called a chuckwagon.”
Also, PLEASE stay safe out there! This is a scary, uncertain time. Take care of yourselves and each other. I love you all❤❤❤❤
He knew he couldn’t avoid it forever. He knew what he was meant to do. Howard had always been very frank with what his expectations were, first with Maria, then with Tony after she died. And Tony didn’t mind. He really didn’t. He knew he would do well in the company--maybe even better than Howard--and he had already thought of improvements that could be made when he took over, but that didn’t mean he wanted to start
“Goodnight, Steve.”
The aftermath. Running away. Going away.
Ross turned, dapper in a tweed top coat--the dude had style, Tony had to admit--and began to pick his way across the frozen lawn to the garage door.
“Where are we?” Steve mumbled.
The look of dawning realization was a wonder to behold.  As was the pink blush that colored his cheeks.  Tony smiled wider, loving the fact that all it took to make Steve blush was hinting at the mention of an erection.  It was funny, considering what his hands and mouth had been up to not thirty seconds before.
Steve cuddled closer.  “Just another minute,” he mumbled.  He slipped his arm around Tony’s waist, trying to pull him closer.
, Steve. I need-”
“Then
“Hey,” Tony said, and he moved closer, grasping Steve’s wrist lightly.  “Hey, come on, don’t do that.  It’s okay.  It’s not your fault.”
“Okay.”
“So, where’s this famous lasagna?”
“I am
“I’ll share my toys,” she said, then arched an eyebrow of her own.  “Up to a point.”
He took a quick shower, and sat on the edge of the bed, dressed in nothing but a towel, and looked at the clock on his bedside table. 12:04. Late. Or early. Depending on your thought process. He bit his lip. He knew he shouldn’t, but he wanted to talk to Tony. Wanted to hear his voice. Just to tell him good-night.
--or the way the sun glinted in Nat’s hair as she hovered over him like an angel, a beautiful, terrible angel on that grassy little hill in Central Park.  How big and scared Tony’s eyes were as Steve drew the edge of the razor across his own throat, and the way the blood fell in huge red drops, the way it sheeted down his neck, his chest, and pooled beneath his body.
don’t care.  We just want you here and happy.  Okay?”
Warm.  Good.
Sam met Natasha’s eyes and saw the same truth reflected in them.  He shook his head.
Yeah. Enigmatic.
“I can’t think of a single thing that could be more important than what we’re doing right now.”
He looked away.  “Nat.  Please don’t.  I can’t.”
“But,” Tony protested, “Steve--”
He went.
--Wanda-
He nodded.  His eyes were lowered, his hands, large and warm, holding Tony close.  “Yeah.  Yeah, I do.”
“It’s good to see you.”
Here's my issue:  I have always had a bit of a crush on William Hurt.  Ever since I saw "Broadcast News" as a wee slip of a girl and he pulls Holly Hunter's chair toward him and her head falls back and she gasps and...but I digress.  I sometimes feel bad writing bad-guy Ross.  But, then I think, oh, come on, William Hurt's a tough guy.  He can take it.  I hope so!  That wasn't important.  Just a side-note.  Plus, I just like thinking about William Hurt sometimes.
"No," he muttered.  "No, no."
“Tony?”  Steve’s voice was like the breeze, cool and soft.  Tony leaned into it.
“--nichts ab, Schwein.”
friends.  Steve thought that might have something to do with Natasha.  That slight jealousy both he and Clint seemed to have when it came to her.  At one point or another, they had both laid claim to her, even though neither had truly owned her.  Steve didnt think any man--not even Bruce--could claim to have owned Natasha Romanov. But it had always been there, nonetheless.  That feeling of friction between them, of wanting to be the one she loved most. Now, that was gone. Now, sitting here with him, all Steve felt was comfort and understanding.  And he felt the wall he had put up crumble a little. That was good. That felt good.
Steve turned to him, finally.  The smile was still there, playing over his lips, but his eyes were dark, almost haunted.  “Would, um,” he began, swallowed, took a deep breath, then continued, “would you kiss me first, Tony?  Please?  I-I need it.  If I’m going to talk about this, I think I need it.”
Steve looked in the corner by the window. That one was gone too.
doing here?”
“Yeah.”
“Yeah.”
“You are in no position to make deals, Rogers.”
“Come on,” Bruce said quietly, beside him.  “Let’s give them a minute.”
“Give or take a point, yeah.”
Howard nodded and sucked Diet Coke through the straw in his paper cup. “Probably. We might have had a few complaints, though.”
Steve blushed as Tony filled his ear with dirty words.  When he pulled away, Steve’s lips curved upwards.  “I meant doing the dishes,” he said.  “But I wouldn’t say no to that, either.”
“Can we at least get a cat?”
This was no different.
bring Dodger--and then you and I can come back here. Alone. And...you know...celebrate.”
Steve turned Tony’s hand over and kissed his palm, then kissed his wrist.  “I love you, Tony,” he said, his lips curving against the delicate skin of Tony’s wrist.
“It’s FRIDAY, boss.  Hold on.  I’ve contacted medical personnel.  They’re coming.”
he thought, and bundled the blankets around himself, trying to approximate the feeling of a soft super-soldier behind him, but he couldn’t do it.  Perhaps it was the lack of breath at the back of his neck, or maybe just his scent, but either way, Tony was alone and he knew it.
“Yeah. As long as you need.”
“--and then I’m going to ask you to dinner.”
“We’ll bring marshmallows too,” Tony said. “Make s’mores.”
Tony’s breath grew rougher in his ear. “Oh no,” he whispered in a husky tone, “I want to hear about that. I want to hear all about that. Tell me. Tell me what you were thinking.”
, she’d told Tony one night while they ate cold fried chicken straight from the fridge.
Tony sighed.  “I just want him to get better, you know?”
Steve smiled his half-smile.  “No.  I wouldn’t want to do that.”
--that it was going to be on his skin again very shortly was enough to drive him almost mad with want.
She snapped her suitcase closed and grabbed the handles.  It banged into Tony’s knee when she picked it up.  He hoped she’d done it on purpose.
Nothing.
would do something so stupid.”
Steve felt his face go red and his hands resumed their pre-battle clench. Yes, there would be some time spent in the gym tonight. He let out a frustrated breath.
She took a sip, then stretched languidly. “That would be nice,” she agreed. “Water is nice.”
I really do like that name,” he said, and then he was gone. Back into his own apartment, the door closing with a soft click of the lock.
?” he said, and Steve was relieved to hear the laughter half-hidden in his gruff tone. “All it takes is fifteen years and a fit of hysterics to get you to promise me? That’s fucked up, baby.”
Why was it so fucking
And the fact that he was thinking about Morgan, that he was
She tilted her head, her red hair glinting in the sun.  “Aren’t I?”
He couldn’t write “I love you”.  He wanted to, but he had no illusions about what would happen to this note, and he couldn’t stand to think of those words being balled up like so much trash.
“Nope.”
He needn’t have worried, anyway.  She had no intention of harming him.  Instead, she brought her hand down and lightly caressed his hair.  “You need to stop making sounds now, Doctor Baxter, alright?” she said softly.  “I don’t want to hurt you.  I
Are these chapters too short? I guess its a toss-up between more frequent updates or longer chapters. Oh well. I'm just going with it, guys. It's all about the whims right now. :):):)
“I know,” both Tony and Clint said at the same time.
Steve’s tears caught in the moonlight coming through the window. They left shining tracks down his once-pale cheeks. He clutched Tony’s hand in his. “A family,” he said in a quavering voice, that came through the smile still on his lips. “That’s great, Tony. Really.” He shook his head and breathed out. He didn’t brush his tears away. He must have known there would be no point. “I can’t give you that. I could never give you that.” He kissed Tony’s hand again, pressing his lips hard against his fingers. “See?” he said when he pulled away. “It really is for the best.”
He raised a hand to her hair and touched it.  “Nat.”
“What?”
Steve ducked his head, his cheeks flaming. “Yes, ma’am.”
“Because of whatever I did,” Steve said. “Did I say something? I didn’t mean to make you sad. Or mad. Or-”
Tony cuddled him close, put his lips against his ear. “I love you,” he said, and he realized that the last time he spoke those words and actually meant them, had been to Jarvis as he lay on his deathbed. The thought brought tears to his eyes. He wiped them with one hand and clutched Steve closer with the other. “I love you, Steve. I love you.”
sad story.
He had been determined to make it through this time. It was on Steve’s list, and he
Ross walked toward him.  He seemed unmoved by Steve’s posture or his expression.  Tony didn’t know whether to be impressed or afraid for Ross’ safety.
And he wanted to paint them.
And neither spoke.
“What did I say about the talking?”
“Keep your pretty words to yourself.”
“There’s always time to flirt.  Don’t you have the Time Stone?  I feel like I could go all night.”
taste.  I didn’t like him much either, when we first met.”
Steve nodded.  “Okay.”
“But why does Secretary Ross have it in for him?”
Tony laughed.  “Fuck no!  John McClane would have beat the shit out of Cal, steered the ship himself, and gotten everybody to New York in time for happy hour.”
Steve didn’t run from bullies.  He didn’t run from giant alien worms or gods bent on destroying the city he loved.  Turned out, the only thing he’d ever been compelled to run from was sitting in front of him right now.  And the reason was clear:  Tony was his dark mirror, and Steve used him to see himself.
“You must.  A warrior’s feast before battle strengthens not only our bodies, but our bonds of brotherhood.  You are as much our brother as any man here.”
But, as the plane bumped to the ground, Steve stirred beside him.  He took a deep breath, hummed it out, then rubbed his cheek against the fabric of Tony’s jacket.  He’d awoken that way a dozen times during the time they’d lived together.  Except then he’d--Steve turned his face into Tony’s shoulder and kissed it.  The ritual was complete.
Tony thought, as he searched around for a pencil to jot down Billy’s kids’ names so he could show them to Jack.
She ducked her head, taking a breath just as Steve did the same.  She put her hand on his chest, feeling the slow beat of his heart, taking strength from him, courage from him one last time.  When she looked up, it was with all the kindness she could muster.  Because it was what Steve would want of her.  What he would do himself.
Fucking
look at it that way.
“Yeah,” he said.  “Next time.  As in the time after this time.  ‘Cause there will be one, right?  ‘Cause neither of us is dying, right?”  Steve looked down and Tony repeated, “Right?” and gave him a brisk shake.
Steve slung a leg over Tony’s hips and caged him beneath him. He kissed him, sucking on his bottom lip. “There’s that pouty lip again.”
“Yeah.  Last night?  I told you you could use cuddling lessons, remember?”  He barked a short, hard laugh that sounded nothing like his usual one.  “Who knew you were such a quick study?”
“Captain Rogers had nothing to do with that,” Strange shot back.  “In fact, he’s the one who reported it.”
“Well, you’ll just have to keep me awake then, won’t you?”
Steve nodded again.  “Anything for you, FRI,” he said, and opened the door.
Steve watched him, his eyes dark, shrouded in shadows. “Why do you want me?” he asked, and his voice was harsh. Broken.
Sir Purr jumped down from the stool and ran to Tony’s side, ready to be picked up and cuddled.  Tony reached down, pet him once, but never stopped moving.
“I love you,” Steve said.
“If they were, they aren’t anymore,” Tony said lightly.  “Steve’s with me.”
“Whatever you say, DaVinci.”
The words she
Tony came and hovered over him, nudging him with his foot.  “Don’t be mad, Cap,” he said.  “I really was kidding.  Although why you turn your nose up at
Steve leaned back in his seat and looked at the ceiling.  Tony could only see the bottom curve of his eyes, but he could see they were too shiny, too wet.  “Yeah.  He did.  And I took the bait.”  He laughed bitterly.  “I used to be in control.  Remember that, Tony?  Remember how I used to be?”
“Why?”
“‘Kay,” he said. “I’ll go throw my stuff in my room and come help.”
Steve shrugged, glancing at Tony again nervously. “No. Not work. Just a...thing.”
Sam folded his arms, his mouth turning down in a disappointed little frown. “I meant
Steve tugged at his tie.  They’d decided, after much debate, to forgo tuxes for the event.  Tuxedos, while traditional and “James Bond-y”--Tony’s words--were also a little too “flashy”--Steve’s words--for a Saturday afternoon, lake-side affair.
He went around the back of the chair and grabbed the handles.  Steve tensed.
Jen and Tony exchanged a look as Jeff continued to lie on the chair.
Quick as a cat, she came for him.  She ducked his fist and pounced on his back.  Although she was agile and light, he was still able to grab her arm.  She hit him twice in the face, sacrificing power for speed, and he threw her to the ground, pinning her again.
He made it inside before the tears fell. But it was a very near thing.
Steve looked at him.  In Tony’s face he saw everything he’d always wanted.  He saw them laughing and arguing and waking up together in a sun-washed bed.  In Tony’s face, he saw the reason he fought.  In it, he saw his future.
There weren’t many dogs here, and the ones who were here, were being hurried through their afternoon walks by harried-looking owners who didn’t even let them off their leashes. Tony smiled a little, watching them. He understood. If he hadn’t been going so stir-crazy in his own apartment, he wouldn’t be out here either.
Steve followed him toward the tiny parking lot.  There were a lot of pick-ups, the rest were monster SUVs that most likely ferried soccer moms and their broods from place to place on a regular basis.  In the corner, away from everything else, was a sleek black muscle car.  It gleamed under the lone street lamp, its lines long, smooth, and dangerous.
“Steve.”
Steve's eyes darted around the room, then he went to Tony’s side.  “Oh, yeah?  What were you thinking?”
“Sorry,” he muttered under his breath so no one else could hear. “I tried to tell her not to do that, but…” he trailed off, shaking his head fondly.
His eyes flared in sudden frustrated anger.  His fist was lightning quick, brutally hard, coming down on the arm of the chair with a crash.  “I hate this fucking thing!” he cried, his voice filled with savage fury.
Steve smiled. “Do I get to change some stuff if I want?”
So what if he couldn’t always get it up for her after a long day on the beach?  He had his prescription.  And on the nights when even that didn’t really help, he had the thought of blue, Irish eyes, of a finger hooked though his belt-loop, of a sun-warm deck and a face turned casually up for a kiss hello.
Steve was silent for a long time, but Tony knew he was awake.  He could almost hear the cogs turning in his head.
“It’s okay.”
“We were going to watch the fireworks,” Tony said, but one look at Steve’s face told him everything.
"All night?" Steve asked with a hint of panic. "You're not gonna make me wait all night...are you?"
“Have you got your coat?”
“You could do anything that way though, baby,” Tony pressed, feeling his way along, avoiding the shards of his own heart, trying not to upset Steve, and knowing all the while that he was going to fail. “There are tons of jobs where they just expect you to do shit and not think, if that’s what it is you want.”
“Yes.  Yes, call me if you want to talk.”
, that Steve would see him and walk a little faster like he always did when he saw him, putting that little jog in his step that wasn’t quite a run, but was most definitely faster than a walk, just so he could get to him quicker. No, he didn’t admit that was the reason, but it was.
He shook his head, lost in his memories of this morning, and of the past. “I kept hearing that kid screaming. Even when I was far away from him, I kept hearing it. It was just like a constant thing in my head.” He looked up at Tony then. His eyes were dark, haunted. “I’d heard that before, you know? Kids screaming. Except they weren’t screaming because they were pissed over not getting a banana or whatever. It was ‘cause a bomb had just gone off. Or they were starving. Or their dad got shot. Stuff like that.”
Steve ducked his head, almost giddy with embarrassment and pleasure. He felt flushed. It was the whiskey kicking in, he was almost positive of it. “Shut up, Tony.”
“I’m glad you’re here.”
silly. What is it?”
Those clouds in Steve's eyes broke.  The gray turned back to blue even as they filled with tears.  He smiled. "I love you so much."
Steve smiled his little half-smile at Tony’s reflection.  “I couldn’t afford it anyway.”
Tony’s fingers gripped Steve’s forearm tighter. “What do you say, Rogers?” he asked. “Want to come dance with us?”
--but the next morning there was a bottle of it in the fridge right next to the smooth one.
A rustle, cloth--sheets maybe--and Sam’s voice, perfectly calm, perfectly in control. “Where are you?”
“I can do that,” he said, then promptly fell back asleep.
Steve opened his eyes in the shadows.  “I’m coming, Tony,” he said, and even though the context was all wrong, the words sent a jolt of hot desire through Tony’s core.
“Did you say something?” Steve called from the living room.
Steve was getting used to it, but it broke his heart a little every time he jotted a name or a date into that pristine white margin.
Sam shook his head and rubbed his temples with one hand. Steve knew what that meant. His mother did that too sometimes when he said something she knew was not just a lie, but absolutely ridiculous. It was like a non-verbal bullshit indicator. Between her and Sam, it was a wonder he tried to lie at all. He really was bad at it.
“Can I tell you how beautiful you are?  Is that alright?”
And now here they were, eating huge slices of pizza on paper plates in a dingy pizza parlor with the best house-made pepperoni in town. Tony in jeans and a wash-worn Nirvana t-shirt and Howard in a dress-shirt with the sleeves rolled to the elbows, his suit jacket slung over the back of his chair and his tie pulled down. Tony and Howard Stark, looking, to any passerby, like a father and son sharing a leisurely Saturday lunch. And...they would be right. That was the bitch of it.
“Don’t spoil my fun, soldier.”
Next chapter in a couple days. I think there will be nine. I'm writing chapter 8 right now.  I may post 8 and 9 on the same day.  Just 'cause, why wait, right? Why prolong this thing any longer than we have to😊!
They stopped again, and Steve felt his cheeks burn with embarrassment. God, why did this always happen to him around Tony? Six years in the desert and he hadn’t blushed once, but thirty seconds in Tony’s presence rendered him a red-faced mess.
“You need to get over this, Steve,” he said firmly.  “It’s okay.”
Jeff clapped him on the shoulder.  “We’ll get ‘em next year, Tony.”
“I did, boss, but he’s getting very insistent.”  She paused.  Steve thought it was purely for effect and smiled.  Of course, Tony’s creation would be dramatic.  “He’s threatened to blow in the door if you don’t open it in thirty seconds.”
Steve shook his head. He kept his hands clenched behind his back. He was right. He could feel them starting to shake, and he was glad he had them hidden. “No, sir,” he said. “I thought it was...you know, because I’m a guy...but that’s not it, is it?”
Steve shifted under his hand, made an unintelligible sound-- “Huzzzit?”--that was undoubtedly a question.  Tony was afraid to answer it.  Afraid not to.
“How’d you know about this place?” Tony whispered. Everyone in the tunnel spoke very quietly, if they spoke at all, almost as if they were in a church.
“Absolutely not. I never get to cook for you anymore.”
“No. I couldn’t.”
“What is your problem with dolphins?”
Steve nodded. “Yeah.”
Pietro kissed his mouth. “I’ll come over later, okay? We can sit with your mom for a while then, but I have to meet this deadline. It’s important.”
“Steve,” he said, and was ecstatic when his voice came out steady. “Let’s go.”
He clapped him on the back. “Just saying. He remembers you.”
He followed Sarah into the kitchen, leaving Tony looking at his baby pictures, and filled his cup from the pot. He dumped three sugars in it just the way Tony liked, and stirred it with a spoon. When he turned around, Sarah was watching him closely.
Steve looked up, and there he stood.
sometimes, until I couldn’t stand it anymore, and then I’d go to Rhodey. He always kind of grumbled about me waking him up, but that was just for show. He always let me in. He always took care of me.”
Tony’s smile turned almost smug. “Sure, Steve,” he said. “As
Steve put his head in his hand, but he felt good.  Tony’s encouragement made him feel good.  Happy.  “You don’t have to try and put a positive spin on this, Tony.  I know it sucks.”
“Captain Rogers is my patient.  I’m always on their side.”
“But I like this one.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s pretty early,” he said, touching her hair. “What are you doing up?”
he could think about.
This Tony had grown up into a young god. He was still slim-hipped, but his chest and arms had filled out, and his clothing, luxe and so artfully casual, hung on his body perfectly. Steve couldn’t see his eyes--they were covered by expensive sunglasses--but he still gave off an aura of mischief. Even from this far away, Steve could see it. And he knew it. Recognized it from before.
“The fuck it is,” Rhodey answered, and took it over to the wet-bar.  Tony groaned in pain as he poured it down the sink.  He reached into his pocket, took out his wallet, and laid some bills on the counter.  “See this?” he said.  “I’m buying you out.  Everything you’ve got here.”  He gestured at the bottles still behind the bar.  There weren’t many left.  “It’s mine now.  Got it?  So, I don’t want to hear any bitching or moaning about how ‘you bought it’, ‘it’s yours’, ‘you paid for it’, because
Jeff watched them for a minute, smiling at the way they were smiling at each other.  “I have to go.  Jen made spaghetti casserole for dinner.  She’ll kick my ass if I’m not home to eat it.”
Steve looked back at him, a little smile on his lips.  “They’re not for you, either,” he said.  “I’ve got a girl.”
“Thanks for coming.”
“Hey!  Watch the language, young man.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve’s eyes went darker, and he slipped silently off the bed to kneel on the floor at Tony’s feet. He was wearing boots. Leather. Expensive. Tony propped himself up on his elbows to watch as Steve grasped one of them and pulled it slowly off Tony’s foot. He sat it aside, and moved to the next. He gazed up at Tony, meeting his eye, and lifted Tony’s foot a little, then bent deliberately forward and touched his lips to the leather.
He went back down the hallway and into the kitchen. There were a few dirty dishes in the sink, a loaf of bread sitting out on the counter. A couple of photos were stuck on the fridge with fruit-shaped magnets. An old one of a baby Morgan wearing a pair of way-too-big sunglasses. One of Tony sitting outside somewhere with Morgan in his lap, his coat wrapped around them both. One of Morgan and the pretty redhead Steve remembered from Bucky and Nat’s wedding. Pepper. Morgan’s mom.
Steve kissed his hand, holding it in place as Tony’s thumb stroked his cheek.  “No,” he agreed.  “You just put it in a climate-controlled, bullet-proof case.” He laughed, his breath warm against Tony’s skin, intoxicating.  “Is that what you want to do to me, Tony?”
“Just get him here, Rhodey, I need a doctor and I need a portal right the fuck now!”
Tony rolled his eyes.  “Nice, guys.  Thanks.  Really.  I needed to have the shit kicked out of me when I’m down.  That’s very thoughtful.”
Tony winced.  “Bad choice of words.  Sorry.”
“He’s thirsty,” he said, coming toward them.  “I’ll go find him some water.”
In fact, it seemed like ever since he’d moved in--
“You should.”
“Come on. Let’s go sneak a taste.” Tony looked at her, looked at Steve, then Morgan. Sarah did the same, then tugged Tony again. “Come on.”
In fact, a small part of Tony actually pitied the man. But that didn’t stop him from laughing in his face. Again. Just because he wanted to. Just for the sake of appearances. “Thin ice, huh?” he sneered, and the fact that he heard his father in his own voice made him even more sick. “You’re really dragging out all the chestnuts tonight, aren’t you? You’ve been watching too much nostalgia-tv, dad. That’s Ward Cleaver at his finest.”
"No," he answered.  "Not now."
he would see anything like this. But here it was. Like a dream. A secret dream he had kept hidden from even himself. His father, his daughter, and the man he had loved for longer than either of them sitting comfortably together. Like they were friends. Like they were family. A real family.
“I know, Daddy.”
“Are you going back to your parents’ tonight?”
Tony closed his eyes.  Bowed his head.  Hatred, clean and unabashed, washed over him.  He was sick with it.  Delirious with it.  “You need to get out of my house,” he said quietly.
“I know what you did,” she said, “and I know why.”
“Nothing.”
It all comes to a head...
He closed his eyes and thought of Tony and Pepper and Bucky.  “It’s going to be alright.”
But there wasn’t.  In fact, there were no bottles there, at all.  There were, however, a handful of bills sitting anchored under an empty glass.
“It was my fault.”
Morgan shrugged--a very Tony-like shrug--and licked a bit of whipped cream off her thumb. “Good.”
“I told you I would,” Steve said simply.
Steve grinned.  It made him look like a kid.  And it made Tony’s heart flutter.  Fucking Steve.  “I’m pretty sure that’s what you said.”
He turned fierce eyes on her.  “Did you?”
Tony ran a hand through Steve’s blond hair, brushing it back from his forehead, and kissed his lips, slipping just the tip of his tongue between them.  “Wow.  Lucky me,” he said.
“Yeah,” Tony said.  “He is.”
“I’m talking about how fucking stupid you two are,” Sam answered. “I’m talking about how he’s so in love with you it’s painful for me to look at. And how you stare at him all the time--which tells me pretty clearly you’re in love with him too--but won’t go anywhere near him unless you absolutely have to, and it’s starting to piss me off.”
“Fine,” Ross said.  “Make it quick.  I have another appointment at noon, and it’ll take three hours to get there from here.”
Lying in his bed, he could sometimes hear little sounds from the apartment next to his. Not loud. It was an old building, the walls were well-made and thick, but sometimes, late at night, he could still hear a quiet murmur that could only be voices coming from the room directly through the wall.
, now we all have morals?  What happened to Team Bad-Ass?”
Bruce glanced at her sideways.  His fingers tightened on hers ever so slightly.  “I’m sorry.”
Tony was still looking at Steve.
“You didn’t think that when you signed the Accords.”
But…?
He shifted on the ground, winced at the pain in his arm, his side.  He looked at the razor in his hand, confused, and sat it down.  “Oh my god, what happened?  I think I’ve been shot.  Tony, I--”
They gave him a five-day leave.
His phone vibrated in his pocket.
Steve led him into the bedroom. It was bigger than Steve’s bedroom upstairs, and the bed was larger--a king, Tony saw, making him smile--but it was still painfully neat, the bed made up with another white comforter and white sheets. It looked soft, almost cloud-like, and Tony could not wait to sink down onto it with Steve above him. Thank Christ, the wait was over. They were here. Finally. Together.
Tony sighed.  “Fine.  Eighty, it is, but you’d still better look good.”
Tony had been moving against him, grasping him with his hands, touching him with his lips, pressing against him, but now he took a step back and hung his head. He let it fall onto Steve’s chest with a harsh sigh. “Oh Steve,” he muttered. “Why’d you say that? Huh?” He stepped back, clenched his hands in fists against his thighs. “Why?” he repeated, and a tinge of anger charred the edges of his voice. “Why’d you have to mention him? We were doing so fucking well.”
Steve looked down at his hands then glanced shyly up through his lashes.  “It makes me feel old.”
Steve dug his toe into the ground, looking down. “How does she like being in New York?” he asked, his voice deceptively light.
“You didn’t,” Tony said.  “It
“I won’t touch you,” Steve said. “Not...not like that. I-” He ran a hand through his hair, and when he spoke again, his voice was shaky with exhaustion and emotion. “I’m just so tired. It’s been such a long week. I-I just want to be close to you. I just want to-” he touched Tony’s shoulder, “I just want to listen to you breathe. Okay? Is that okay?”
“No movies tonight, Scorsese,” Steve said without lifting his head.
“Yes,” she said, then gave Bucky a nudge, and a smile over her shoulder. “Looks like
“Are you feeling sick?” he asked finally. It was almost the end of the day. Almost time for them to go their separate ways for the night, but he wanted to know if Tony was okay before he left. He felt a little worried about Tony. Steve had been sick a lot when he was a baby. His mom had told him so. Said he had a “weak constitution”. Steve didn’t know what that meant. They had read The Constitution in social studies--Mr. Coulson had even made them memorize the Preamble--but Steve didn’t remember anything about being sick in there. But, he was only eleven, still just a kid. Maybe it had been in some of the words he didn’t understand.
And, if he was completely honest with himself, it never had.
Tony closed his eyes.  “He didn’t want anyone to know,” he said.
It still shocked him that that was true, but it was. Tony had told him. Had
“Let’s don’t, ‘kay?  We don’t need to do all that, do we?”
“You’re right, though.  I miss some of the stuff about back then, but not that.  Not the prejudice.  The sexism.  It would have taken Sam or Rhodey a long time to become officers, and there’s no way Rhodey would have gotten to be a colonel.  And Peggy, she fought so hard to get where she was.  Nat would have had to do the same.  And guys like us…" he shrugged then sighed, running a hand up through Tony's hair.  "It
Tony kissed him hard, still holding his hand clenched in his own. Steve kissed him back. He held his hand, gripped his hip, and kissed him with everything he had. Everything he would ever have.
away himself.
Steve looked up, startled. Sam was standing there, looking at him with a curious, worried eye. Steve shook himself. He shoved his books into his locker and slammed it closed. “What?” He knew he sounded pissed off. He didn’t mean to. Sam was a good friend--his best friend.
“Thank
“That it doesn’t matter what happens after the first year. It still matters. It all matters.”
see?” Tony asked.  Frustration bled into his voice.  “What do you see when you look at him?  What is so horrible?”
.  The bravery.  The decency.  The strength.  But the more time Tony spent with him, the more he believed Howard hadn’t known him as well as he thought he had.  Tony felt sorry for him then, and that was a new sensation because he’d never felt sorry for Howard in his life.  But hearing Steve talk baseball stats with Rhodey on the Tower's rooftop deck, or listening to Bruce try to explain climate change to him, Steve’s face serious, his questions thoughtful and curious, or just seeing him nap on the couch in the common room, lying on his stomach, arms around a pillow, hair falling over his brow and shining in the sun, Tony
May opened it and looked.   “Holy shit.”
“No, you’re not easy.”
“Do you have everything?” Sarah asked, and Steve smiled a little indulgently. It was the fourth or fifth time she had asked.
Thad blew out an irritated puff of air between his pursed lips--lips Steve had kissed a multitude of times--and rolled his eyes again. “You really are something else sometimes, do you know that?” He folded his arms. Gazed at him with an eyebrow imperiously raised. “First you ignore my calls this afternoon-”
“Yeah, he does,” Tony said. “Steve likes Dodger, you like Steve.
“Yeah.”
Tony went to the door, only spilling a drop or two on the floor as he lurched.  He felt like a sailor on shore for the first time in months.  He missed the knob twice, then found it and turned it.
“Sure will.”
Tony stood up and came to her.
Sam raised one quizzical eyebrow. A little smile played around the corners of his lips. “Were we fighting?”
The salesman reached into the glass case and pulled out the watch Tony was pointing at. “Girard-Perregaux,” he said, setting it on a black velvet swatch. “1942. Fourteen karat rose gold over stainless steel. It has a manual wind movement, which is fairly unique for this piece.” The man smiled fondly down at the watch. “Very nice.”
gonna wake up?” he whispered, and finally Tony’s eyes fluttered.
Tony was still asleep.  Some of the machinery was gone, though.  The breathing tube was gone. Tony's lips were slack and chapped, but his chest was rising and falling regularly.
, all he got was
“Yes.”
“I’m not jealous.”
That blush again.
interrupted them before. His fingers let out a sigh of gratitude. They thought this was perfectly fine. Perfectly legitimate. They didn’t care about Tony’s boyfriend. All they cared about was that they got what they wanted--to touch Tony again.
“You already have an office. All your things are there waiting for you.”
“No, Tony.”
Tears filled Tony’s own eyes, but he didn’t let them fall.  He smiled.  “Steve,” he said.  “Hey.  Hi.”
Steve laughed back in his throat.  It wasn’t his bedroom-laugh, but it wasn’t his regular out-in-public laugh either.  It was a combination of both, and Tony wanted to drag him away.  Just take him somewhere, anywhere, and have his way with him.  The angle would be different now that he was on his feet.  He’d only kissed him a couple of times while he was standing, and those had been so long ago, so
“I was
And Nat’s.
Steve shook his head again, and he laughed a little under his breath, a smile--a real one--teasing around his lips. “I want to, Tony,” he said softly. “I just…it’s lonely. Sometimes. You know? They ‘Don’t Ask’, we ‘Don’t Tell’. And that makes it hard. Harder.” He shrugged, and Tony curled his fingers into his sweater, holding on to him. Steve gripped his hand tighter. “Anyway, I just want you to know it’s been awhile. And I’m glad it’s you here with me now.” He moved his head until it was resting against Tony’s. The smile stayed for just a second longer, and then it disappeared. He closed his eyes again. His forehead creased in a frown. His want, his
Strange drank some of his coffee.  Tony got the impression he was being punished for insolence, and he kept silent, enduring.  This was one of the games they played.  Battling for dominance.  Tony wasn’t much into mind-games though, these days.  That’s why he liked Steve.  They fought, they argued, but in the end, they compromised and worked together.  He and Strange would do that too.  It just might take them a little longer.  They didn’t have the love-thing to fall back on like he and Steve did.  Or the sex-thing.
“I’d love that,” Tony sighed. “I really would. But I’ve got meetings all day.”
“I just want you to like it.”
Three conversations...
Tony punched him lightly in the stomach.  “Shut up, asshole.  That’s not fair.”
“Shut up, Tony," Steve said, taking the book back.  But he was happy.  That little half-smile--oh yeah, Tony’s number one favorite thing, alright--was on his lips, shy and pleased.
Steve laughed and kissed the top of her head. “Okay, okay. You got it, boss.”
Steve nodded.  "It's always good."
Steve took one more look at Bucky and Nat, saw they had moved their stools a bit closer together, that they were deep in some conversation. He settled down in a vacant spot on the far side of the bar. He didn’t want to disturb them. He’d just have one more drink, and then he’d go home. Home to that quiet, empty house. Lie down on that small, suddenly-too-soft bed, open the window a crack, and listen to the sounds of the street while his insomnia kept him awake enough not to dream about Tony. He felt bad his mother wouldn’t be there, though. They’d spent most of the week together, but he would still miss her tonight. It seemed like a long time since he’d spent a night alone. Living the way he did now, he’d kind of lost the knack for being alone. For being without somebody around him. So, he’d have that last drink. Just one more drink to help ease that loneliness a little. To try and get the knack back, if only for tonight.
“Yeah. Clint. I asked
“Thirty-seven?”
“Hello, son,” Howard said.
my ass.”
“‘Kay.  Keep me posted.”
him.  He had wanted so much to tell Wanda yes, do it, fix me, but he couldn’t.  Because that wasn’t the right way.  That was the cheap way, the easy way, the slap-a-band-aid-on-a-massive-head-wound way, and he couldn’t do that.
He leaned his head back against the mirror, eyes closed, hands balled into tight fists.  His breath felt hot in his throat, tasting metallic with need.  He was painfully hard, his cock not minding Steve’s violent outburst at all, deciding, in fact, that an angry Steve was exactly what it needed.  Tony wasn’t surprised--ashamed, but not surprised.  It had been this way for a long time, coming home after missions, rushing through debrief in Fury’s office so he could get back to the Tower and take care of his raging hard-on in privacy, jerking himself while replaying the mission in his head, the fight, the smoke, the dust, the blood, and everywhere, in his head, in his ears, everywhere, was Steve, Steve, Steve.
“You won’t,” Steve said with simple assurance.
“Give me a
He moved closer, and now he could see the hard, stubborn look in Steve’s eyes, and he braced himself because he’d seen it before.  More than once.  “I know that look,” he said.  “Tell me what’s on your mind.”
“You’re wrong.  Nothing’s too good for you.  Literally nothing.  God himself could come down and claim your ass and it still wouldn’t be good enough.”
“Double-fuck,” Tony said, louder this time.
Tony put the pliers down.  “What were
“Come in, Captain Rogers.”
“Christ, Steve,” Tony muttered, and pulled him to him. Steve came gratefully, allowing Tony to wrap him in his arms one last time. Letting his tears fall against Tony’s shoulder, letting his hands clutch him extra-tight.
Strange put his cup down and sighed.  “Steve has been hypnotized before.  We talked about this.”
“No,” Steve said. “No. This is perfect, Tony. This...this is for us. July can be for family, but now? I want this to be you and me. That’s how it started out, right? Just you and me?”
“It is if you want it to be, Steve,” Tony said.  “Come on.  I don’t want to live alone.  I got so used to having people around.  It kind of sucks not having anybody to talk to.”
Thanks to everyone who stayed with this story for so long. Your comments and encouragement meant the world to me. This is for you!!
The evening went on. The sun started to set. Tony lost sight of Steve after a while. Rhodey and Pepper came over to sit with him while they ate, and he tried to relax a little and enjoy the party, but he still had that dark cloud hanging over his head. The one that rained down a soft drizzle of sad, telling him he needed to apologize, he needed to make it right, but he ignored it for now. Steve would still be here later. Tomorrow. Next week. Next year. Sure he would. Tony would make sure of it. He didn’t want to lose him. He wanted him around for a very long time. Even if it was just as friends, he wanted him around. He never wanted to be without him.
Steve’s heart pounded a little harder, and he couldn’t quite wrap his head around it. Or around anything that was going on right now. It had all kind of come out of nowhere. “Am I?”
“I’ll have to,” Tony said, kissing him again. “You stink. I don’t want to make it worse.”
Howard chuckled humorlessly. “There
“Not like you.  It’s not because of a mission when you do it, Steve.  It’s not out of concern for the greater good.  It’s for
“He likes you.”
Tony arched an eyebrow.  “We?”
Steve stood up, and they went to the door.
upset or angry. He had sounded...kind. And not in that fake way that he had sounded the last time he had come to speak to Steve at his job all those years ago. But really, actually kind, and that made Steve even more curious. And he hoped he was right. Especially after the other night. Especially after how nice it had been between them all. He wanted Tony to have the dad he’d always wanted, and he’d try and make it happen. If there was anything he could do to make it happen, he would. For Tony, he’d do anything.
“You know what, Ross?” Tony said.  “Yeah.  I
“No.”
“Steve.”
“Tell me again,” he whispered, a desperate edge to his voice. “Tell me how much you want me.”
“What would you have done if I hadn’t been here?” Tony asked.  He perched on the back of a low-slung chair, just watching him, looking at him in the cold, white light.  The clouds must have parted a little, enough for the moon to shine through.  There was no light like that cast by a winter moon.  He was no artist--not like Steve--but even he knew that.  That light was special.  Unique.
When he got to the car, he slid behind the wheel, then looked at his phone.  Three missed calls.  One from Pepper, two from Steve, and one voice-mail.
She shook her head over her cup, dark curls bouncing.
“Um. Okay,” he said. “If you want me to.”
He pushed the thought away. Pietro was happy now. And while a small part of him was still a bit shocked that Pietro was with Clint, he knew Pietro was happy.
all your stuff here? All the time?” Tony cocked his head. “Maybe
“Okay, okay, simmer down, fanboy,” Tony said.  “Don’t get yourself in a twist.  The Chagall’s great.”  Although, to Tony’s eye,
“Baby, are you okay?”
So, they rode like that for another three hours.  Steve’s head on his shoulder, Tony holding him up, alternately toying on his phone, and just resting against his best guy, listening to him breathe, feeling his warmth, his softness, wishing for the scent of good old Skin Bracer (Byyy
“It’s been a long time,” Steve said into Tony’s shoulder.
“So, you’re not going to do anything, right?” he pressed.
"Yeah."
“What’s that?”
“I believe that.  But I still said yes, didn’t I?”
“You don’t have to say that, Tony,” Steve said.  “I know how I’ve been acting.”
Tony laughed cynically.  “Nah.  You don’t want to hear that.”
“I don’t know if it’s
Steve said nothing, just stared at him with hurt, angry eyes, then stomped out of the house.  Tony heard the Mustang growl to life then speed away.
He’d wheeled into the bedroom, just glancing at the maple armoire and large, quilt-covered bed, before making sure the chair would fit into the bathroom.  Tony knew it would, had measured it three times himself, but let Steve check on his own.  When Tony asked him if it was okay, Steve had just smiled and said it was perfect.
Steve laughed, and Tony got his chair so he could slide into it.  Nat kissed him on the cheek, and Bruce said, “Good night.”
“No,” Wanda muttered.  “No.  Oh, no no no.”
“He said they got it all,” Steve said, eyes searching for the bottom of his mug even through the murky coffee inside. “Chemo comes next.” He paused. Swallowed. Sighed. “She’ll lose her hair.” He ran a hand through his own. It was still thick and luxurious. Sarah’s was too--at least for now. “That’s a stupid thing to think about. I know. I mean, who the fuck cares, right? Except
“Gee, I wonder where she picked
Steve nodded, sitting as far away as he possibly could within the confines of the seat.  It wasn’t really that far, considering, but after the warmth they’d shared during the last three hours, it felt very far indeed.
"I missed you guys," he said finally. "While I was in there.  I missed you all."
It was hot.
and clear them.  Of anything.  Of everything.”
Steve cast his eyes downward and chewed his lip.
She turned to him, her face suddenly serious. “Do you like Dodger?”
“It might. It
“How good?”
He did have Sam though now.
“Believe
Tony smiled back.  The breach between them wasn’t quite mended, but it wasn’t big either.  It wouldn’t get any bigger, Tony vowed.  Never again.
“You give him our love.  All of us.”
“What about in this situation?”
“Hey,” he said, nudging Steve’s thigh with his foot. “You’re doing it again.”
“Yeah, you love a good ‘cause’, don’t you, Strange?”
God, he hadn’t done any homework when he was in school the first time--or just read a book until he dozed off.
The way he’d loved Pepper had been uncomplicated, but the way he felt about Steve was anything but.  Love, yes, god yes, so much love, but other things too:  lust, kinship, protectiveness.  Even things he didn’t want to admit to, like that tiny spark of anger deep down, that faint blush of fear.  Those things should lessen the love he felt, but they didn’t--they enhanced it.
“Hey,” he said, “no strings, okay?  Just like the plane ride home: no strings, no agendas, no expectations.”
"I'm okay," Steve said, and he knew Tony wasn't just asking about this particular moment in time. He knew about what had happened. Of course he did. How could he not? Steve just wasn't sure how much he knew about
Tony considered, then shrugged.  “Shit.  I don’t know.  I have no clue what normal relationship stuff is.”
Steve smiled shyly.  “I like it when you do it,” he said.  Tony felt a slight pressure against his ankle, there and then gone.
“Right.  Sorry.”
“You got it.” He was still holding the tie in his hand. He didn’t really want to let it go. “And you’re coming to movie night tonight, aren’t you?” he asked. “You’ve missed the last couple.”
Peter looked crest-fallen for a moment, then shook it off, grinning again.
“Yeah,” Tony said, then raised a not-quite-certain eyebrow, “...baby?”
Tony cocked his head, considering.
Tony laughed against his neck. “Soldiers aren’t supposed to get distracted.”
“Ham and swiss on rye.”
Steve left Doctor Strange to comfort her, and went to the nurse's station.
“No.  No, don’t tell me.  Please.  I know it, Tony, it’s
“Visiting hours are almost over."
“Yes.”
“You think so?” Tony asked, putting his hand in Steve’s hair. It
No. He couldn’t ask that. Not that. His tongue could never form those words, so instead, he just asked, “It’s good though, right? I-I make you feel good? Don’t I?”
Mickelsen held up his hand. It was manicured and maintained. “Don’t worry, son,” he said. “We just want to make sure she’s fully-rested before she goes home. We’re pretty protective of her here.”
Steve shrugged.
Writing on my phone again...ugh.
“I don’t have any money.”
Steve pulled him in and kissed him again.  “I’ll shave it tonight,” he said.  “I promise.”
outright, even though, in his head, that had been his immediate response. “I don’t know, Steve,” he said reluctantly. “In case you don’t remember, our last parental meet-and-greet did
Ross nodded to the files still scrolling away.  “What do you think now, Mr. Stark?  What are you going to do with that information?”
But this, now.  This was something else, altogether.  Tony wasn’t sure what to expect.  And that was terrifying.
It took another twenty minutes. Just twenty. But as he drove, it felt like the air between them became pure electricity. Steve didn’t touch him anymore, and Tony was glad. He thought if Steve had touched him, he would have had to pull the car over onto the side of the road and just have him right there, and to hell with anyone who drove by.
?” He laughed again, and Tony’s stomach clenched in on itself. “And maybe you don’t think any of that matters right now, but give it a couple years. Live without for a while. See how long you last.”
Tony hummed a little, trailing his hand up Steve’s arm. “We’ll see.”
“You didn’t make it weird,” Tony said. “What’s going on?”
“I’m not worried about him,” Steve said.  “I’m worried about me.  I don’t want to fuck this up.”
Steve's head rocked to the side.  The sound of the palm connecting with his cheek was a flat, loud clap.
“Are you alright, son?”
“Baby, it’s just Zoloft.  It’s not a big deal.”
It stayed out of reach for now.  Just out of reach, and the agony continued.  But he knew the quiet was there. His body knew.  His mind knew. The thought kept him from simply giving in and letting himself die.  The thought of peace. Of quiet. And the knowledge that he would have it soon. Very soon.
“Don’t think about that.”
“I’ll take care of it.”
Out of the corner of his eye, Tony saw Natasha sitting on a hard wooden bench. Sam went to her and she stood up. Sam hung his head. She put her hands on her hips, eyeing him for a moment, then sighed and touched his cheek. Tony saw her lips form the words
He took his phone out, shot a quick,
Those nights, however, ended the same as the rest.  Both of them lying sulkily in their beds, thinking about the other, wishing he was there, wishing they could just touch, kiss, fuck some sense into him.
Steve put his face against the side of Tony’s neck and breathed him in.  Tony put his hand on the back of his head, running his hair through his fingers.
Steve blushed. And for the first time, Tony didn’t have to wonder just how far down that pink flush went on his body. He could see it coloring his neck and chest perfectly well. Even in the shifting dark.
Tony’s eyebrows shot up. He
Steve drifted sleepily, lost in contentment. He had never had the opportunity to indulge in his sensual side, but these last few weeks with Tony had found him drowning in it. It was a heady feeling, dark and seductive, almost like he imagined being high must feel like. And if that was the case, he finally understood why so many people spent their lives trying to achieve that state. He just hoped this wasn’t as dangerous. Sometimes it
“Tony.”
Steve reached out and squeezed a fold of Tony’s skin between his thumb and forefinger lightly.
“Will you stay with me?” he’d asked, and he’d meant stay with him while he died.  Because he didn’t want to be alone.  Alone like he’d been in the ice.  Alone, cold, afraid, dying with no one around.  Dying with no one to hold his hand, or stroke his hair, or tell him it would be okay.
He’d tried to lift Mjolnir once.  Everyone had been there, everyone had tried, laughing, watching each other fail.  Tony and Rhodey had pulled together, Clint, Bruce, only Natasha had abstained, that cat-like smile on her face.  Then Steve had stepped up.  When he touched the leather grip, hadn’t there been a tiny jolt of electricity?  He’d chalked it up as static build-up from the rug at the time, but now he wondered.  He also wondered if it had
there to be another shoe?”
“Everything’s okay, honey. Everything. I’ve got you. I’m going to make sure everything’s okay.” Tony pulled back so he could look into Steve’s eyes. He looked exhausted, but better. Easier somehow. “Is that okay?” Tony asked.
“Checking in, angel.  I don’t know if he’ll show up or not, but if I safeword, call someone.”
Tony draped his arm across Steve’s middle. “Are we doing it yet?”
“Tony, I--”
Steve held him tighter.  “That’s right.”
He dragged himself out of bed and into the bathroom. He had meetings today. Stupid fucking board meetings. Budget meetings. Even a goddamn lunch meeting, which he never usually allowed, but since the guy was only in town for three hours, and his business was actually pretty necessary, and Pepper had given him an ultimatum--either go to lunch or swap her for the dinner meeting
“Nothing.  Just scribbling.”
place, in
“How come you let people say stuff about you?”
“Or you are,” Steve said, and Tony laughed, and
Now Tony was standing against the outside wall of the school, his back against the brick. School hadn’t started yet, the bell hadn’t rung, but he was there anyway. He’d been doing that a lot lately. Getting to school earlier. He never admitted to himself that he was doing it so he could watch Steve walking in from the bus stop down the street, pretending that he was walking toward
“Hey.  Steve.  Wake up.”
In the end, they went with semi-casual suits and ties for the guys.  Nat had lobbied for a shirt and tie for the ladies too, citing the combined punch of equality and sexiness, but buckled under the apocalyptic force of Steve’s puppy-dog eyes and said she’d wear a dress.  She wasn’t sorry.  The smile he gave her was worth it.
still speak to Tony?” he asked.
Focus.
He nodded without opening his eyes.  She had never asked for that before.  Never.  “Of course, you can, FRI.  Come back when you’re ready.”
“I don’t know, you two,” he said.  “Having her poke around in his head while he’s already compromised?  I don’t think it’s safe.  And I’m pretty positive Stephen won’t.”
Steve sat up, opened his eyes, and looked around, dazed.  “Tony?” he said, and Tony sagged in relief.
Tony responded to them all, basically just reiterating Steve’s original text, but the fact that it had the Stark seal of approval seemed to make it okay.  Tony couldn’t help but preen a little at that.
“Alright then. You can stay, I guess.”
“That’s right.”
Head shot.  Right between the eyes.
“Always with the wit, huh, Rogers?”
for?”
P.S.  Making this clear: I did NOT just compare myself to Hemingway.  I just like the story.  I wouldn't even compare myself to V.C. Andrews.
“Did it?” he asked, raising a cynical eyebrow.  “The whole thing is kind of ridiculous.”
“He called Steve an animal.”
.”  He nodded to the door Wanda had left from.  “Romanov, Barton, Wilson, Fury.  All of you.
“That’s what I’m saying.”
Tony lay on the ground, eyes sightlessly staring up at the rain.  The burning in his gut was immense.  It was the world.  His whole world, right now.
“Okay, you need to explain yourself before I roll you right off this dock and into the lake.”
Steve jerked his head up to stare into his eyes. They were wild, those eyes. Wild with need and reddest want, now tempered with indecision.
“I’m not going anywhere.”
Tony kissed him, not caring that he seemed so desperate. He
Tony didn’t realize all these things were building up to something.  He didn’t realize that ordering orange chicken and lo mein for one twice a week, or sitting alone on the deck at night with a glass of Scotch, or playing a game of chess with FRIDAY on Wednesday mornings had been loading straws onto the camel’s back.
But they mostly kept it to themselves. Kept it
said that, but I’m pretty sure that’s not what he really wants.”
“So, Rogers sent you as his little errand-boy, did he?” Ross asked.
Tony stood at the window, the whole of New York at his feet.  Snow fell in great, huge, cartoon-style flakes, covering everything in a blanket of white.
“Tell you what,” Steve said, and kissed Tony’s hand one more time, but he didn’t let it go, just held it in his on the table between them, letting his thumb brush the skin of his wrist . “You get the pumpkin, I’ll get the apple, and then we’ll buy a whole
He dropped Dodger off at his mom’s house, then went to his meeting. He didn’t talk. He didn’t feel like talking much, but it comforted him to listen to other people’s stories. He had talked before, of course. Had sat, looking at his hands, while he talked about being a young, sick kid. About how his father had died. About being lonely and scared all the time. About how someone had come into his life and lit it up in a million different ways. And about how his own insecurities had been the catalyst for that someone to no longer be in his life. How he had driven him away. How he had then
“They
“So?” he prompted. “Spill.”
“Did it hurt?”
I know it's been rough, guys, but stick with me!  The good thing about a roller coaster is that even though it goes down (way WAY down) it usually comes back up!  See you in a couple days!  I hope. :)
“I knew you would,” Steve answered, kissing his chest.
“I don’t know.  A little while ago.”
“Fuck,” he muttered, and kicked his foot. The water splashed, then rippled. He wondered if there was a metaphor there. Probably. He hated metaphors.
Tony sighed and pressed his forehead against Steve's. He could feel his breath on his mouth, on his cheek. Tony touched his face, looked steadily into his eyes. "I trust you, baby," he said. "I know you wouldn't hurt me. And I hope you know I'd never hurt you."
“Probably.  People like us don’t get the luxury of black and white.”
“You have nothing in common with her,” Steve said without thinking, and that look showed up on Howard’s face again. If Steve didn’t know better, he would think it was almost sad.
Steve squeezed him and let him go, laughing a little. “Yeah,” he said. “You have. Few times.”
“Did you call me?” Tony asked, pulling out his phone, even though he knew he didn’t have any calls. He’d just checked. He checked the second he woke up. He always did.
. One poolside chat and a sobriety coin didn’t erase thirty years of pain and neglect. Not even close.
“You really don’t like it, do you?” Steve asked.
After a moment, she drew him closer and put her arms around his neck. “My sweet boy,” she said, and rubbed his back with the same tender strokes he remembered from when he was a little boy, sick in his bed.
In his pocket, his phone vibrated, let out a muted
, Rogers,” he scoffed. “It’s for your mom. And Sam. And
“See?” he said.  “Five in a row.  Just like I used to do, remember?”
For anyone else, that might have been a consideration.
“Why do you do that?” Sam asked.
“A couple, I guess.”
“I’ll take your word on this one,” Tony said. He crawled back up the length of Steve’s body, pushing him down until he was lying on the pillow, then draped himself across his chest. He kissed him, licking into his mouth with his tongue.
“Yeah. Out.”
“Tony, I mean it. Things have changed. We’re not the same people we were before. It-it might not be the way we remember it. Just ‘cause it worked when we were kids, doesn’t mean it’s going to work now.” He shifted nervously, one hand lifting a little. Toward Morgan. “We have to be careful. I don’t wanna hurt...anybody. Again.”
Steve looked between the two of them, his partner and his surrogate daughter.  The confusion was still there, and the pride, but now a steely resolve came to the fore, overlying the rest.
Steve laid back down, unsure of what to do, how he should place his body. He wanted to curl against Tony’s back, hold him again, but he didn’t want to crowd him. Didn’t want to clutch him too tightly again, so he just put his head on the pillow and closed his eyes, willing himself to go back to sleep.
Tony sat up, straddling Steve’s thigh, giving them both something to rub against while he undid the buttons of his shirt. “Everything in life should be so easy,” he said, looking at Steve with lust-laced eyes. He ran his hands across his chest, flicking nipples that were hard and sensitive now from his own mouth. Steve moaned, eyelids fluttering, head thrown back. He was as beautiful like this as Tony had dreamed, and he couldn’t wait to see what he looked like when he came apart completely. How he’d look laid out on his pillows afterward. “Tell me again,” he said, as he tossed his shirt aside. “Tell me how much you need me.”
Steve sighed. He ran a hand through his hair, then sat down next to Tony. He leaned into him. “I’m sorry,” he whispered.
“It’s actually Steven. Two syllables. Sorry.”
“Are you mad at me?”
“Tony?” Steve asked.
happen. It was just a matter of time now. And a matter of will. His will.
“Looks like she’s going to be stroking something else later.” He cocked an eyebrow at Steve. “Jealous?”
Tony kissed him again, his tongue gentle and caressing.  “You’re not dreaming, baby,” he said.  “You’re here.  I don’t want you to think about that other place anymore.  That part’s over.  You’re here with me.
“Tony will go with you.”
hot.”
When he wasn’t at the Compound or sitting in on one of the survivor’s meetings, he took long rides on his motorcycle.  He looped through the streets or out through the countryside, the engine roaring in his ears.  He tried not to think during these rides, so, just like before, he thought the entire time.  What to do about Thanos.  How to get their people back.  Who they could trust.  He thought of all these things, going over them obsessively, fitting them together like pieces of a puzzle, trying to make them fit into a picture he could understand, trying to turn them into a plan.  They were close to one.  Scott and Bruce had ideas and theories, but it had not solidified yet.  They were close, but close wasn’t a plan.  There could be no victory without a plan.
And never did he feel it more than when Steve broke their kiss and buried his face against the side of Tony’s neck. Steve’s arms went around his waist, and held him with a tightness that was almost too much.
“Dugan-” he began, then coughed, almost gagging as the breeze blew toward him, bringing with it the hot scent of explosives and charred...something. Something like meat on a barbecue. He gagged again, his stomach roiling, and his hand slipped in something. Something that looked like Cadmium Red straight out of the tube. Or maybe good old Stoplight Red mixed with a little blue. Just enough blue to make it look realistic on the canvas. To make it look exactly like what this was for real. “Dugan, report! Jones! Bucky!”
feeling almost overwhelming.  Tony knew Steve felt it too, had been feeling it almost the whole month they’d been back under the same roof.  Tony knew how to ease it, but still wasn’t sure if Steve wanted him back.  He thought he did.  When he touched his hand just now, he thought it felt like Steve had wanted to touch him too.  He thought it felt like the barrier between them had nearly crumbled.  But thinking and knowing were two different things.
let happen.”  He wiped his face with his hand in a weary gesture.  “And I let it happen.  And now he’s gone.  And I deactivated his access code.  And I cleared out his room.  And I had Happy arrange all the storage stuff because I don’t want to know where it is.  And when I sleep, I sleep alone.  And when I go to the movies, I go alone.  And when I order dinner, I eat it alone.”  He shrugged, smiled again.  “And that’s okay.  It really is okay.”
Steve’s brows contracted. “Tony? Are you okay?”
“He does,” Howard said simply. “You
Steve closed the distance between them one last time. He pressed his lips gently to Tony's, feeling the warmth they had between them stronger than ever before. "Me too."
“Who, Glenn Beck and the right-wing brigade? To hell with them.”
“They must want you pretty bad,” he said, running a hand through his hair.
Tony put his hand on the gear-shift. “Where do you want to go?”
mellow.
. Not boss-employee time. It took Tony a little while to realize that, but when he finally did, he also realized that he had been almost seduced into having a relationship with his father. Seduced with hot dogs and chatter about who was fucking who in the after hours. He felt a little shocked by that, but by that time, he was actually enjoying himself on their lunch-time dates, and he didn’t really want to give them up.
Steve nodded. He was frowning. He could feel it on his face. He couldn’t help but remember the last time Howard Stark had been in this room. The way he’d looked around, face filled with disdain and superiority. The way he’d looked at the furniture. The way he’d looked at
Five years...just glimpses.
Tony just cocked an eyebrow. He didn’t speak. He didn’t really think he needed to, and the answering smile Steve gave him told him he was right.
“Oh.”
He stepped closer, tightened his grip on him again. “Just put her to bed, Tony.”
Steve turned to Rhodey without waiting for an answer and held out his hand.  Rhodey shook it, then pulled him into a gruff one-armed hug.  Steve returned it, pleased.  “You guys don’t get too crazy down here,” he said.
“Yeah.  She’s really nice.  And I think she likes me.”
Tony sat up, moving quickly, and unbuckled Steve’s belt.  He bent over, kissed his stomach, as his fingers worked the button of his jeans open.  “This is okay, right?” he asked, pulling the zipper down.
“A couple of my guys have hypos up their sleeves. Bump into someone, push the plunger...easy.” He raised his eyebrows, smiling at Steve. “Pretty cool, huh?”
Steve raised his hands.  The shackles around them jangled.  “Right now, I want these off.  Then we can talk about the rest.”
“Steve.”
Jeff nodded and drank his beer.  He had a round, pleasant face.  He was a round, pleasant guy, and Steve could see why Tony had taken to him so well.  “Oh yeah.  He wanted to impress you, and it threw him off.  It happens.”
He coughed again, his grip on her tightened spasmodically.  She winced but said nothing.  If he needed a tether to this world, she would gladly be it.  For as long as he needed her, she would be here and feel nothing but honored that it was to her that privilege fell.
“Okay.”
“You’re the one not playing fair,” Steve said, and touched Tony’s bottom lip. “Pouting like that. You know I’m no good at resisting that.”
Tony blinked, startled out of his little daydream--he was already getting down to business in his head--and finally saw Howard sitting there, perpetual glass of rye in his hand, staring hard at him.
He rode his motorcycle now, the wind cool on his face, the miles coiling out behind him, when he felt his phone vibrate in his pocket.  He pulled over, stopping on the side of the country road and put it to his ear.
Natasha stopped.  Her building was right there.  Their window on the sixth floor was open.  Looking up, Tony saw the curtains belling gracefully out.  The cat, an orange thing with a white bib, lay on the sill.  It didn’t have a name.  Nor, Nat insisted, did it actually live there.  It just came and went.  That seemed to be a family trait, too.
sound.  Tony pawed it out and looked at the screen.  Steve. Texting him.
“I, um, I didn’t sleep very well last night,” he admitted quietly, and Tony’s worried frown didn’t go away. Steve put his hand over Tony’s and held it against his cheek. “I’m okay now,” he went on. “Mostly. But yeah. It was rough last night.”
Steve’s eyes cut away from the group leader for the first time, looking at the ground near where Bruce stood behind him.  “Bruce?”
Tony tugged his hair.  “Knock it off or I’m going to kick your ass.”
He held her, burying his face in her hair.  Sleep was coming again, and he welcomed it, but that knowledge was still there inside him, a little flame of truth.
“Steve.”
Steve’s tongue slipped out of his mouth and touched his upper lip. Tony sighed again at the sight of it. He shifted in his seat, suddenly very aware of his nerve endings. “Um,” Steve said, “how ‘bout my house?”
That warm feeling--that
“Thanks, Mom,” he said, then kissed them both goodbye. He promised Dodger he’d be up for him again first thing in the morning, and even though he whined a little when Steve closed the door, he thought it would be okay. He still thought Dodger could read his mind, and knew he was telling the truth. Making promises to the ones he loved was starting to come a little easier to him. Now that he was pretty sure he could keep them.
Since it's Thanksgiving here in the States, I just wanted to take two seconds to say thank you again to everyone reading this!  I had a pretty rough year, and writing these six silly little stories was one of the few things that really kept me going.  Now, sharing them with you lovely people has made it all the more worthwhile.  Thank you so much!  Here we go...
Steve looked around the parking lot. His eyes went directly to Tony’s car. Steve didn’t know much about cars, but he knew it was fancy and expensive. It had probably cost Mr. Stark more than Steve’s parents had paid for their apartment. It was red, with little gold flecks in the paint that caught the sun and made it shimmer. STARK4. That’s what the license plate said. Steve assumed that meant there were three other ones out there somewhere. He wondered if there was a STARK5 out there too. There probably was.
What had he been doing in the city today, anyway? Tony wondered.  He only had two classes on Friday, one at eight-thirty am, and one at one forty-five pm.  There wasn’t enough time to get to New York and back in between them, so he’d skipped at least one, and
Tony shifted a little, breathed in, smelling warm leather mixed with Steve’s aftershave.  He cracked an eyelid and looked down.  Steve’s jacket lay over his chest and arms, enveloping him in Steve’s warmth.
“--and if we make it through this, I’m going to wait two weeks--”
Tony narrowed his eyes.  “That didn’t hurt.”
The warning bell rang. Steve looked up slightly, a bit surprised that lunch had flown by so fast. But that seemed to be the way it went whenever Tony was around. Time went by quickly--too quickly--and then it was over. That’s the way it had been before, too. School days went by in the blink of an eye. In fact, it was funny that he remembered anything about those days at all. The entire year had been over in a week’s time.
Brock.
“I heard what I heard,” he said, striking out again.
Then Natasha was by his side. She plucked the sleeve of his jacket. “Come on, Tony. Steve’s waiting.”
“No, that would be Rogers.”
“It is pretty big,” Tony conceded.
Actually, they’d stripped, sanded, and revarnished the floor, but Tony just said,  “No.  They were okay.”
, exactly?”
“A little.”
Tony stood up, eating him up with his eyes.  “Everywhere I go, baby,” he said.
He felt bad about that when he came back into the bedroom.  Steve sat at the foot of the bed, still in the wheelchair, teeth gnawing at his thumb.  Tony tried to think when he had last seen a look of such pure, miserable distress on a person’s face, and could not do it.  Already pale, Steve’s skin was as white as porcelain, his lips, red.  Those three lines were back between deeply furrowed brows.
“We’re done,” Strange said.  “Don’t contact me again, and tell Dr. Banner he’s banned from the property.”
It wasn’t until the sun peeked over the horizon that Tony realized how tired he was.  How drained.  How hungry.  The sadness he knew about.  No surprise there.
he thought, and rested his own cheek on top of Steve’s head.
fine. I think. I hope-?”
"And I like you like
Tony rolled his eyes.  “Of
Tony nodded.
thinking?” he asked, molding himself against Steve’s body.
“Guess so.”
of happiness. It was the only thing that made sense. It was beyond him. He would--and did--push it away, run from it, hide from it, sabotage it either knowingly or unknowingly every single time it got close. It was just who he was. It was bred into his DNA. It was part of him. Some people just weren't designed to be happy. They--
Tony sighed and rubbed his eyes. Who was he kidding? He missed him. It had been eleven days. Eleven days since they’d said more than two words to each other. Eleven days, and he
“Oh,” he managed. His mind tried for something else, some smart, witty thing to say to make this a little easier on him, but it seemed to have short-circuited somewhere around
“They were still using you, Steve.  That’s how you ended up here.  You wouldn’t be here if--”
“Steve.”  Natasha.
Tony squeezed him tighter, speaking into the soft skin of his throat. “I
Steve smiled at him. The way he had always smiled at him. The smile he’d missed so much for the past two weeks. “I know you will,” he said with such simple sincerity, such complete trust, that Tony was overwhelmed with both the responsibility and the desire to do exactly that. Giving Steve Rogers everything he wanted was now his number one priority. Nothing would take precedence over that. Over
Tony put his cheek on Natasha’s head.  God, it was good to have family.  Just to know someone had your back, that you weren’t alone.  They may be a bunch of misfit out-casts, but they made each other better.  They fit against each other, rough edge to rough edge, to make one smooth whole.  He needed them, and they needed him.  It was nice.  Being needed.  He’d never really known how nice it was, before he met them.
He sat up straight, and then she was there, crawling into his lap, curling herself into a tight ball, sobbing helplessly into his thigh.  Steve wrapped his arms around her and held her fast.  “Shh,” he soothed, tenderly rubbing her back in a way Tony remembered his mother doing with him after a fight with Howard.  “Shh, red, it’s okay.  Everything’s okay.”
So, it's Christmas night here.  Seven pm, where I am.  I spent the day watching silly Eighties movies and editing (and now posting) silly Stony fanfic.  All in all, not a terrible way to spend my first ever Christmas alone.  But, really, I wasn't alone.  I had Steve and Tony, and even though you may not have known it, I had you all, too.  Thank you for that.  I am crying a little now, thinking about it, and I know it's pathetic, but I kind of don't care, because you guys have been my friends during all this, so THANK YOU for making me feel better, even if you didn't know it.  Hope you all had a wonderful Christmas, if you celebrate it, and if you don't, I hope you just had a wonderful day!  I really do love and appreciate you all!  Here's to better times soon!!
“Hell, no.  You just need to get back in the swing of it.  You were gone for a long time.”
“Yeah, I do.  Because if I’m with her then that means I don’t get you, and frankly, that’s not an option for me.  And that other stuff?”  He shrugged.  “It’s a fair trade.”
Tony let go of him and dropped to his knees.  He licked his lips, then took Steve into his mouth and sucked him down hard.  Steve’s hand came to his hair and fisted there, tugging just this side of too hard.  Tony’s vision blurred as he looked up at Steve’s face.  He was beauty personified.  Michelangelo’s
“Hello, James.”
Steve raised a shoulder in a shrug. “I didn’t know what else to do, so I did that,” he said. “Walked. All over the city. For hours. Even after the Chitauri, I kept doing it for a while. I did it
Tony nodded and lifted Steve’s head to kiss his mouth. “Yeah. Of course, we can.”
Sarah held out her hand, and Morgan took it. She smiled back at Tony, then led the little girl out the doorway and toward the stairs. Sam reached out and grasped Tony’s shoulder. “You okay?”
“For you,” Steve said, letting the words roll off his tongue. His heart might be doing wild somersaults, but his brain was still peaceful. Still cucumber-cool. He lifted his glass and drank again. “I just wanted to see how long it would take before you came over here and talked to me.”
Tony stood up then, pushing himself off the ground, using the flats of his palms on Steve’s knees to help him rise. “We should go,” he said, and Steve heard the chilly tone of his voice. Saw the change in him happen immediately, and he mourned it, grieved for it, but let it happen. It was easier that way. For both of them.
“Hey, you,” Tony said as he drew nearer.
What was that?
“What has gotten into you?” Tony asked.  He didn’t know whether he felt more exasperated or turned on.  It was sixes, really.  He’d be leaving here frustrated no matter what.
Tony pressed his foot solidly against Steve’s wishing desperately that he could take his hand instead, or climb into his lap and cuddle him.  He’d never gotten the chance to sit in Steve’s lap since they’d been together.  He just realized that.  Before they were an item, he had occasionally thrown himself down on top of him.  Just to get a reaction, of course.  Just to see him nervous, to see that pretty red blush heat up his cheeks and darken his eyes.  But now that he was technically
, Mr. Stark!”
Steve watched him carefully, his brows contracting a little. Now he looked uncertain, as if he’d said something wrong. The blush Tony had expected earlier came now, but not his favorite pale, pretty pink. No, this time it was a dull, brick red. And Steve’s eyes were darker too. Dark and worried the way they got when he got hung up on a tough history question.
, Steve would go get him a sweater and tuck a blanket over his legs. Tony would wrap himself up in Steve’s sweater--because it would be Steve’s. If he really thought about it, the only sweater in the world he truly wanted to wear would be Steve's--and the scent of him, all woodsy and clean, would be even more comforting than the weave of the fabric against his skin.
“Well…” Steve drawled.
The sheriff came toward him.  He was a big man.  Barrel-chested, tall, as big as Steve used to be before the one-two punch of the hospital and The Raft.  He took his cuffs off his belt.
Steve mirrored Tony’s laughter and held him tighter, never wanting to let him go. “No,” he said. “I don’t. It’s just me. It’ll always be just me, ‘cause I’ll be the only one stupid enough to let you go.”
“She wanted to know how an old man like me had gotten a date with a young, pretty guy like you.”
“I don’t know."
“He was.  For a month.  Then Ross came to the house, and there was an...incident.”
“This isn’t going to work,” Steve said flatly.
Tony was quiet, his mind whirling.  A thousand thoughts, a thousand questions jostling for room in his mouth.  Finally, one broke through.
Steve smiled.  Tony could hear it in his voice.  “I definitely missed
Steve did.  Gladly.
Steve squeezed his eyes shut tightly.  Not out of fear, but relief. That overwhelming, heart-soaring, peace-giving relief that encompassed him so completely at the sound of that scratchy, quavering, lovely,
“FRI?”
Steve turned back, looking at the guy who had spoken. The guy in the seat across from him. “Um. Yeah. I guess.”
“Yes?”
Tony nodded and knotted his hand in Steve’s hair, holding him in place, standing on tip-toe to give him easier access. “Yeah, baby. It’s more than okay. It’s...it’s...
“He had an-” Sam sighed in his ear. “I don’t want to say ‘episode’. It makes it sound like something out of a soap opera.”
“Of course, I did.”
to do it.  God, we’d have the money in like thirty seconds.”
“Let her in, FRI.”
They reached down and dragged Baxter to his feet, holding him between them.  He scrabbled with his feet, but they didn’t do much to either help or hinder their progress.
Thanks for reading! See you in a day or two!❤❤
“Well, first, you get better,” he said, “and you enjoy the rest of this vacation.”  He tilted his head.  “Unless you’re still planning on going back to New York tomorrow?”
Steve surged forward and gripped Tony’s wrist in one hand.  The other went to the side of his neck, holding it firmly.  Tony’s pulse jumped beneath his fingers in both places.  Steve felt like someone a lot stronger than Tony had just punched him in the face.  He knew he and Tony had some things in common, but he had never realized blinding insecurity was one of them.  Cold hate coursed through his body as he stared into Tony’s eyes.  Hate for Howard, hate for Obadiah Stane, hate for everyone who had ever made Tony feel like he was less than worthy.  Including himself.
But watching the news made him feel better.  Even when the news was bad, it was still news to
Steve shrugged.  His eyes were still closed, and Tony could tell he was tired.  Exhausted, maybe.  He’d let him sleep.  After this.
“Just because you’re not my boyfriend anymore doesn’t mean I’m going to stop loving you,” he said. “You know that, right?”
He tried not to think about it much. It was easier when he didn’t think about it. He tried to just keep himself busy. Keep his brain occupied with material, tangible things. Things he could put his hands on. Things he could fix. He knew himself well enough to understand there were some areas where he was a bit limited. Biological stuff. Heart stuff. Love stuff. That had never been his forté. Even when he tried really hard, like he had with Pepper, it just never seemed like he could get it right. But with Steve, it had almost
“I happen to like dolphins.”
The thought of Jersey had never been so nice.
,” she said, and Tony nodded, rubbing her back.
Steve raised an eyebrow. “Who are you calling old? You’re two months older than me.”
“It’s--”
Tony nodded and slid his arms around Steve’s waist. He kissed him, and while Steve didn’t think it felt as genuine as usual, he sunk into it all the same. “I’m great, baby,” Tony said, kissing him another few times, tiny, soft kisses that Steve knew were designed just to make him smile. To make him think nothing was wrong.
Peggy had been there that time to keep him from trying to drown himself. Tough Peggy. Brilliant Peggy. Beautiful Peggy. But Peggy was lost to him now. Hydra and the Red Skull had stolen her from him as surely as they’d stolen Bucky. He couldn’t blame her for moving on, for falling in love with someone else and for marrying him and building a life without Steve. He could blame her no more than he could blame the cold north wind for blowing or the Earth for spinning, marking off the hours and days and years that now separated them from each other. What they had had been nothing more than a moment, a drop of saltwater in the ocean of time, a dream only half-remembered upon waking.
“If you’re going to kill me, would you please just do it?” Ross said, then his eyes flicked to the picture on the table.  “All I ask is that you clean up the mess.  Don’t make my wife come home to that.”
Sure, it was partly his fault for being late, but it was bowling night, and Jeff and Ray were having a tiff over whether or not to get new shirts for the upcoming tournament.  Jeff thought the old ones were fine.  Ray wanted new ones.  The old ones looked like shit, he said.
A voice in his ear.  He struggled toward it.  Struggled to find the breath to speak.  His hands scrabbled in the grass.  The rain was cold.  The ground was cold.  Christ, he was suddenly so cold.
“I didn’t know how.”
“But Majorca won’t be,” she said.  “Sun.  Sand.  Fruity umbrella drinks.”  She stuck the zip file into the front of her top, snugging it down between her breasts.  “And Bruce promised to take me to swim with the dolphins if--
So, he rode, his mind worrying the problem, looking for a solution that never came.  When it didn’t, when there was nothing else, it retreated to another place, another time, another puzzle that he could never figure out.  It retreated to Tony Stark.
“Yes, god, yes, Tony.  Hurry.”
There were good things too. A lot of them. He wouldn’t stay if he didn’t think it was worth it. If he didn’t think he was doing good here. He’d volunteered after his first tour, and he kept volunteering, because--he kept telling himself--he was doing so much good. But reading Tony’s sweet, funny, charming letters, all he could think about were the bad things, the things that hurt him, the things that kept him awake at night unless he had a drink to take the edge off. So, he didn’t write back much, and slowly, Tony’s letters started to come fewer and further between. And it hurt, god, it hurt so fucking much, but it was for the best. Tony didn’t need somebody to drag him down. He didn’t need someone who could only see the bad things, and never the good. He needed someone who could lift him up. Someone who could help him. Someone like Josh. Not Steve. Howard had been right all those years ago in Mr. Barker’s office. Tony needed someone different. Someone who fit into his life better. And no. That wasn’t Steve. As much as he hated to admit it, it wasn’t. It never had been. They had love--so, so much love between them--but it wasn’t enough. It was never enough. There were too many other things. The songs on the radio lied. Love was never all you needed.
Steve reached for him.  “Come here,” he said, and tugged him down until their foreheads were pressed together.  “I love you, you know that, right?”
Steve reached into his pocket and pulled out his phone.
“No,” Steve said quickly, hating how nervous Tony sounded all of a sudden. “No. Tony. I was kidding. I like it. I always liked it.”
Steve sighed and Tony could feel the contentment in it.  “I love you,” Steve whispered.
“No, you won’t,” Tony said and giggled again. He hadn’t had anything to drink all night except one glass of celebratory champagne two hours ago, so he couldn’t convince himself that this--all of this, this giddy, happy feeling, this warmth in his stomach, this tingly sensation in his nerve endings--was because he was drunk. Steve might be able to make that fly. The proof was right there on the table in front of him. The bottle was half gone, and Tony had no doubt it had been full when he’d started, but Tony himself couldn’t blame anything on drink. Part of him was worried about the consequences of that. Part of him was just glad it was true. You missed a lot when you were drunk. And as fucked up as this was, he wanted to remember it. He wanted to know that he’d been here. That he’d talked to Steve. That he’d made him laugh. He wanted to remember. He wanted to remember it all.
“Mr. Stark?” Steve said. “Do you want to stay?”
The bathroom door opened, and Tony counted to thirty with a “mississippi” in between each one before going back in.  It was the coward’s way, maybe, letting Steve take point on this, but Tony was retired.  He didn’t have to be brave anymore if he didn’t want to.
“Will you bring Steve and Dodger with you?”
Tony looked between them, shaking his head. “Private jokes? Rude.”
“Yes. I did. I let you go a hundred times, but I always meant it. It was always you. There’s never been anybody else for me. Just you, Tony. Just you.” Steve kissed him hard. “I would have just gone on alone if we hadn’t met again that day. That was what I had planned on. I didn’t want anybody else. I
Rhodey dashed forward and caught him.
anyway.”
"Baby.  Hey. Wake up."
“Yeah, baby.  You okay?”
Thanks a lot, Thad Ross.
“I love you, too, baby.”
Sorry I haven't updated for a minute. Work thinks it has to get in the way sometimes. What are you gonna do?
“Yeah.  You’re not supposed to damage the packaging, right?  Lessens the value.  Peter told me that.”
“Yeah?”
“I’m good,” he said.  “So good.”
He was wearing a leather jacket, jeans, and a gray henley. And glasses. And when he got close enough, Steve could smell that same old cologne, the same one that had either kept him awake nights thinking about it while lying on his bunk in Afghanistan, or sent him off to sweet dreams while he lay in Pietro’s arms. The same one he’d thought about for years. Remembered.
He had actively avoided going through Steve’s things.  Because #1: They were Steve’s, and everyone deserves privacy.  #2: Steve was coming back and Tony wanted everything to be the way he’d left it.  And then there was #3.  #3 was left unsaid, unthought of, even to himself.  #3 was a secret reason.
Nat looked at him sympathetically.  “Oh, Steve,” she said.  “Honey, she’s probably just looking at your clothes.”
Tony shrugged. “Maybe my hand a little.”
Tony kissed him, swallowing his moan of pleasure when Steve spilled into his fist.  He stroked him through it, then palmed his own erection slowly until Steve opened his eyes.
No one on the deck was laughing.
Steve cried his name loudly as Tony slid back inside him, stroking his cock in time with the movements of his tongue.
Tony shook his head.  “That’s it.  You’re walking home, Miss Potts.”
“No,” he said, shaking his head. He ripped his eyes away from the picture--from the family he could never have. “No, Mom. It’s okay.”
Steve nodded.  “Yes,” he said, then took Tony’s hand and kissed his palm.  “Thank you for giving money to the pangolins.”
“This is a public space,” the leader said.  “We’ll stay if we please.”
“No,” Steve said, letting the word out on a string of laughter.  “No, I wouldn’t.”
Bucky nodded.  “Yeah.  Me neither.  But I
"They're attached to
“Sorry,” Tony told them.  “She’s got issues.”
“I’ll stop,” Steve said. He kissed Tony’s throat, traced the line of it with his tongue. “Just tell me to. And I will.”
“Maybe he should think about it before he does anything stupid like that.”
“I told you I would only do it with his permission.  He said no.  I can’t do it.”
Steve blinked rapidly, trying to rid his eyes of the tears that were suddenly there threatening to fall, and lifted Tony’s hand to his mouth. He kissed his knuckles. Turned it over, and kissed the inside of his wrist, delighting in that smooth skin, the familiarity of it. The scent. The taste. Beside him, Tony breathed a sigh into the quiet, and Steve kept his head bent, now kissing Tony’s palm, his fingers, taking everything he could, while he could, because if today was what he had--just today--he was going to use it. Take it. Soak it up like a sponge. All the love. All the light. All the everything Tony would let him have, so he could take it with him when he went. He wasn’t stupid. He knew what was going to happen. Where he was going to end up. He knew there were dark days ahead of him. Dark and bloody. And he wanted this. This little bit of light to take with him. To remember what the light had felt like when he held it in his hands.
“We weren’t fighting over
He glanced at the robe lying at the foot of the bed.  His intel said the wife had been gone for three days.  Three days, and yet the robe was still there?  That seemed like a long time to leave it there for a man as fastidious as Ross seemed to be in all other respects.
"Onward, then, soldier.  I can't reach from here."
Steve didn’t think he would ever get tired of Tony’s kisses.
“Say it again.”
It probably shouldn’t be.  Sitting here outside this old, abandoned building in the middle of nowhere, miles from anywhere, miles from anything, with no suit, no weapon, no back-up, no FRIDAY, no idea of what to expect, why was it the only thing he could think of was whether or not Steve had kissed him?
She yanked her arm away.  “None of your business, Tony,” she flared.
Tony flapped a hand at him. “Don’t ever listen to the first thing I say. That’s only accurate thirty-seven percent of the time.”
“Maybe.”
Better than good.
Tony thought.
angry. He could feel it simmering inside his head, and he knew if this was any other day, any other time, he’d be jumping to his feet right now, yelling at him, asking him how
“He did a lot for--”
“Before what?” Tony asked, honestly confused.
“Hey, don’t say it like that,” Sam said.  “That’s not what I meant.”
“We’ll consider that box checked, then.”
Steve drank again.  “I was.”
They got out of the car, and Tony resisted the urge to grab Steve’s hand right away. He wanted to. He thought if he could hold onto Steve, he’d feel a little easier in his head. He wasn’t sure why he was so nervous. It’s not like he’d never been in this position before. He had--at least, up to a point. In California, he’d been a pretty popular guy. He’d had a lot of friends. A lot of girlfriends. A lot of boyfriends. He’d spent time with a lot of people, but here, now, with Steve...it felt different. And he wanted to touch him. Wanted to hold his hand. He thought he’d feel better if he did.
