John narrows his eyes, clenches and unclenches his jaw and then lets out a sigh, "I meant why now, Sherlock. Why after all these years would you suddenly decide to. To."
The next morning John wakes to an empty bed and the smell of coffee. He gets up, slightly achy from their vigorous activities from the day before. It makes him flush and grin with pride.
He can hear John making his way down the hall and freezes in panic. There's no hiding his
He gets no response and realizes that Sherlock and Mycroft are mooning at each other
And maybe that makes him crazy. Maybe that means he should get out now before it's too late.
loves John and never wants to leave him.
What if Mycroft hadn't shown?
John jumps and turns to look at Sherlock who's come up behind him. He can't help the irritation in voice. "Yes. I'm sure."
His eyes drift to the faded cat scratch on his arm. He must have been infected with...with something. This is too bizarre and he's too exhausted to consider what's happened to him further. He manages to stumble back into his room and into his bed. He doesn't want to lie on his back because it forces him to acknowledge his tail, so he lies spread-eagled across his sheets on his front. His tail lies quiescent, a black line rising from above his pert bum, down the line of his crack and straight down the sheets to his ankles.
"John?"
And though everything has changed, nothing is different, because this was always between them.
How could someone love him?
And Sherlock can't keep the words in, "I love you, John."
The fungus ruts them together faster. Sherlock can feel a pleasure coiling low in his belly and a tightening in his groin. The fungus simply seems intent to reach orgasm as quickly as possible.
"Of course I do. I love you, you brilliant man." John watches as Sherlock's mouth does a funny wiggle, like he can't decide whether to smile or cry.
How can John deny this man anything?
He looks John in the eye, challenging him.
Sherlock pulls his head back and looks at John with a raised eyebrow. "Excuse me? Of course I can do that. I could do it yesterday and I can do it today as well. It's still my chest."
John hangs his head and gives a loud sigh. Did everyone fucking know about his one sided pining for his emotionally unavailable flatmate? He removes his coat and follows Bethany into the family room by the kitchen where Harry is cooking.
John is rewarded with his answer by Sherlock's face slowly shifting from uncertainty to a cautious joy. Sherlock ducks his head, but John can see the blush reaching the tips of his ears. John squeezes Sherlock's hands in his and gently questions, "Sherlock?"
And it makes him inexplicably sad.
Sherlock crawls up onto his bed and turns to face John, his lips red, plump, and parted. "Take your clothes off for me John."
"John?"
What's a little pain after everything he's made others suffer?
"I can hear that."
And, yet again, as they lie to sleep and he whispers, "Love you, Husband."
John freezes.
ingredients such as a particular fungus, rust, and the blood of a pure man -John, of course- and Sherlock doesn't quite feel that's wise to be consuming. But, needs must.
His contemplation is interrupted by John's call from the kitchen.
"Oh. Then...what?" He doesn't complete the sentence and let's his voice drift off.
Sherlock twitches his lips, at a loss for words. He doesn't know what to say.
It's cold. It's January 6th and the cottage is cold. The bees are boxed for the winter. The leaves are brown on the ground and there's a grey look to the world.
John leaned in towards Sherlock and Sherlock leaned towards him and they gave each other a solid kiss on the lips.
Sherlock watches as John's so very expressive face changes slightly, it softens, almost imperceptibly.
Sherlock stills. He looks up from his thumb into John's face. John is leaned across the table and smiling weakly.
The man looks over his shoulder at the mountains which Sherlock realizes with a panic are moving closer still.
Sherlock feels his pulse speed up so quickly he gets dizzy and he's sure he's going to vomit.
The last thing he sees is John Watson's face.
It's like an invitation really.
John smiles at Rosie with one of his big open mouth smiles. "Oh I can, can I? What if I don't want too? What if I want to keep you in my arms forever and ever? Hm what then?" John lifts Rosie high in the air and then brings her down, gives her a big hug and lots a kisses on her face.
John does turn around at that. "Try what, Sherlock?" He no longer sounds angry to his ears, just tired.
The question sends a painful spike of adrenaline through Sherlock's body, because he wouldn't know. He has no way of knowing if the man has been with him days, months, or even years.
He closes his eyes and banishes the thought,
He brews a pot of Folgers coffee. Absolutely bland stuff, but perhaps Mycroft will leave more quickly because of it and John can still salvage his brunch plans with Sherlock.
It's what John thinks as he walks arm in arm with Sherlock in matching bespoke suits.
catches him off-guard.
John lifts Sherlock's hand to his lips and gives it a kiss as his eyes well with happiness and spill over. He cradles Sherlock's hand back against his chest.
"I wanted to hold your hand. I know it sounds so simple, but. I." Sherlock swallows tightly. "When I...died. The last thing I did was hold your hand before they took me away and I just wanted to feel your hand again, warm and in mine."
"Which things?"
John smiles at Sherlock's petulant answer.
Sherlock was happy to report he was no longer insatiably randy.
What if they had broken his body?
John rolls over and faces Sherlock. He wants Sherlock to see him as he speaks.
"Can I take your sweater and vest off John? I want to see you."
Perhaps Sherlock was right to 'delete' all his knowledge of space, because all John can do is make ridiculous comparisons in his head. John is here and Sherlock is the closest star. The time separating them is too vast, John will die before he ever reaches him.
"I know. I know that, John."
cat ears and a tail and now apparently I can growl quite convincingly."
It's been a couple of weeks since the last time John came by. Sherlock has been avoiding doing anything around the flat and he knows it's a mess.
John throws his hands up and grabs Sherlock's upper arms, but just holds on and doesn't push him away. He's kissing Sherlock back before he remembers that he's mad at the git and they're not in a relationship, at least that he's aware of. He gently pulls his head back, but he doesn't release his grip.
He's still in the clearing, but it's clearly late spring now. The water is unfrozen and a still tranquil blue. The sun is shining and the clearing is covered in dappled light filtering through the nearby full canopy of leaves from the trees. He's surrounded by warm earth, dewy grass, and fragrant wildflowers in bright, cheery colors.
John stiffens his spine, puts his book down, and resigns himself to Sherlock explaining how he's realised John's affections and he needs John to tone it down. That it's impeding his ability to think or whatever.
He should never have answered his phone.
They finish and set their cups aside and John leans forward to carefully place a hand on Sherlock's knee. "So, where were we?"
He's on his knees hunched over grabbing his middle, his head pressed into the floor. He's panting hard as he feels a weird squirming in his abdomen that makes him nauseous. The squirming subsides into a dull tightness and he collapses onto his side on the floor, breathing hard. After a few moments he collects himself and leans against the cabinets.
"You first," says Sherlock.
Sherlock's vision dims as he feels something come from his back.
"You really want to try a romantic relationship with me?"
, talk about it after.
Sherlock watches as the man lifts his head and looks at their joined hands and then up to Sherlock's face. When their eyes meet every trace of exhaustion and sleep leaves the man's face. He lights up at the sight of Sherlock watching him.
"How are-" Sherlock feels so lost and out of his depth. "How?"
"You love me."
John thought the whole spitting your drink out in disbelief thing was just a television invention, but it turns out it has its origins in reality. He watches as both Sherlock and Mycroft spit out their drinks and exclaim in unison, "What?!"
Sherlock gives him a wary look, "You've been off and on giving me forlorn looks whenever I'm with Rosie. I'm not sure you realize you're doing it."
The set up a slow rythym and the moment is perfect. John looks up at Sherlock. His hair is a riot of curls and his cat ears are velvety black in the low light of the fire. Their eyes meet and John is certain he has never met a man more beautiful in his life. And he's made all the more gorgeous by the look of pure wonder on his face, as if he's the lucky one.
The fungus in the blood was steadily growing to consume the inside of the petri dish.
Sherlock turns him inside and out in all the right ways.
"Harry, your brother is here and from the looks of it I'd say it was a lovers quarrel."
He just doesn't do that sort of thing. Best to leave it unacknowledged.
Where did
John is glad that Sherlock was so forthcoming about his incredible Foodsense that first night they ate out together, explaining how he was very particular what he ate and where because nothing ruined a good meal like a chef's particular inability to keep their mood in check while the cooked.
Sherlock gives a nod and John leans down to nibble at Sherlock's left nipple through the fabric while his right hand pinches the other. The fabric must feel so rough over them.
"Really."
He's desperate and the feeling wars with his embarrassment for even attempting this. But he's willing to do anything to make sure John never leaves him.
Together they drifted off to sleep comforted by the feel of the other.
Sherlock stands swiftly and attempts to block John's exit from the flat. "No."
"Like that?"
John looks around, but doesn't say anything. He leads them to the couch and sits them down.
Sherlock holds him just a little tighter and presses his cheek to John's hair, "You looked sad staring at me."
. John let's out a cry, a whine, and a sob all at once.
His body is loose and he feels Sherlock lay him down and finally slip out of his body. They lie together, John panting and Sherlock pressing gentle kisses to the back of John's neck.
John takes the couch in the living room with the Christmas Tree. It's a beautiful sight and he wishes Sherlock were there to see it in that moment because it is truly lovely and he would appreciate it.
Sherlock ears perk up and the end of his tail twitches, "Oh, there's an idea. Can we go home and have sex on
from my
He takes a deep breath and realizes his throat has caught and his eyes are stinging with unshed tears. John feels as one of Sherlock's hands come up to gently grip the back of his neck.
He contorts his face in confusion, but keeps his eyes closed. Probably a warm air current meeting the storm or something like that. Weather patterns were never that relevant to him except in a few very specific instances.
Every thing he's ever done. Over and over for all eternity. It's the least he deserves.
Thick black twisted stalks, roots, have burst from his chest and body into John's beneath him. Have consumed John, pressing him into a final death embrace with Sherlock.
"I over estimated your Foodsense. I thought you could taste what I felt for you and had chosen not to remark on it."
Rosie throws her hands up and nearly hits John in the face, "Yeah!"
"Love."
They are filled with soft fur but most definitely a second set of hearing organs. They lead into his head the same as his regular human ears do.
He looks down at his gnarled and old hands. They're cold above the blanket draped over the rest of his body.
For the life of him he hopes that Sherlock has a moment like this as well to hold on to. He hopes Sherlock has countless moments like this. He hopes
Having John back is a problem with the nightmares. Sherlock is afraid to go to sleep, but, more so, he is afraid of John witnessing his weakness. He doesn't want John to see that. He should be stronger than a few night terrors.
John watches Sherlock across the room. He watches as Sherlock's long fingered hands gently manipulate the knobs to focus whatever he's looking at. He watches as Sherlock stares unblinkingly into the dual eyepiece, the light from the stand coming up and illuminating his ever changing eyes.
Sherlock feels his face go slack as he closes his eyes. He's so tired. He's been facing everything alone, terrified, if he's being honest with himself, that John was going to leave at any second. And because they're pants at communicating it was actually ridiculously uneccesary this whole time.
John comes to Sherlock's side of the booth and sits down right next to him. He slips his arm around Sherlock and pulls him close. They are pressed together from knee to hip and hip to shoulder.
His hand has begun shaking and he feels like he has worms crawling through his muscles. His bones ache and he's consumed with a terrible feeling. He feels as if the world is ending.
John assumed the stiffness of Sherlock's tone was that they
"We're alone now. Tell me why I can't love you?"
"Romantically?"
"You won't believe me unless you're in the room."
depends on his ability to do this.
John scrunched up his face, "What on earth does that even mean?"
He's still in too much shock to realize he needs to undo his trousers and instead he just stares dumbstruck as his gently swelling abdomen stretches and then bursts the buttons on his trousers and then his shirt. His shirt gently flutters to his side after the buttons pop off and his legs are forced apart to accommodate his growing belly.
Sherlock takes a sniff of the air and smells bacon, sausage, eggs, beans, and hash. The smell makes him realize he's ravenous.
John gives a gusty sigh laced with fondness, his eyes go impossibly soft as he searches Sherlock's face. He carefully moves his hand from Sherlock's waist and very slowly, almost hesitantly, places it on Sherlock's face, cupping his jaw. "Is this okay?"
"You weren't invited in."
"Oh my God. You're fucking your brother."
"John?"
Sherlock hears the sound of the ground floor door closing and realizes with a shock, so absorbed with his situation, that he has no way of warning John.
He can feel every movement. His tongue in John's mouth, the coarse friction of John's jeans, and the steel of John's muscles where Sherlock's hands pin his arms.
"Yes. God, Sherlock, yes." John can't put into words how perfect this moment is to him. He doesn't have Sherlock's mind palace, but he knows that he will never forget a second of this. It is crystallized in his mind.
It's a quiet, endless morning wrapped in the arms of the man he loves and who loves him.
"Actually I'd say I know quite a bit more about your feelings then even you do. As I said, I've been watching you two for lifetimes."
"Oh my God." John smiles and sits up, careful not to knock Sherlock to the floor. "Yes. We can go now. Harry. Bethany. Thank you for dinner and having me over. Apparently, I need to get home."
The thought makes him whimper and John is shocked and pleased to see Sherlock visibly turned on by his desperation.
Short but important chapter. Prompts some chit chat in the following chapter which finally leads to the physical consummation of their love.
He amends his earlier thought. Nothing could have prepared him for this.
Sherlock chuckles and raises both eyebrows at John. "That's awfully specific. Thought of it much?"
"I am in love with you."
John nods. "Romantically. Sexually."
John squirms beneath him and the fungus reluctantly let's him go. Sherlock feels a brief moment of hope that John has realized he needs to escape and is running, but instead watches in horror, trapped in his body, as John strips himself beneath Sherlock.
His floundering is stopped in it's tracks however when Sherlock stands and soundly kisses him again. This kiss is much less chaste, though still tender.
"Why would you discourage it?"
He feels the air change. The storm is imminent.
She flops to her side and cocks her head, "No, we don't usually. Humans are fairly dull conversation partners."
It is a night of revelations as Sherlock sees the data rolling off of John. Deductions he previously chose not to make.
It's ensuring the host is fed and watered so it has the calories and hydration to sustain itself until it can successfully grow and burst from the hosts body and infect others.
Oblivious to any tension between the adults, Rosie climbs onto a dining chair and looks expectantly at John.
"Ugh, cause I'm sick of watching you two, lifetime after lifetime, dance around each other and never. Freaking. Confess." She rolls back up and gives John an accusatory stare. "Nine. Lives. I like a slow burn, but jesus christ you guys take it to a whole new level. Just freaking kiss already."
"Oh, God, Sherlock. Oh, fuck. Yeah." John slides one hand up into Sherlock's hair and pulls.
Sherlock looks at John and frowns, "If you need me to taste your pity and pride, I can do without."
The fungus is aiming their gaze right at John's face and Sherlock watches as John smiles lazily up at Sherlock, encouraging him.
Though, is he even in England anymore? He doesn't know.
Sherlock can only nod.
John thrusts until Sherlock stops coming and then Sherlock collapses on top of him and starts loudly purring.
"I would appreciate it if sometimes you would think of the dishes."
John takes another sip of the coffee and looks over to Lestrade.
He walks to the edge of the frozen pond and takes a seat and then carefully lies back onto the ground. He's chilled, but not dangerously so yet. Presumably that'll change when it begins to rain or snow.
"John? Can I ask you a question?"
John looks back over to Sherlock again. He has no idea what John is thinking. No idea the thoughts going through his head.
And John can't deny it. He is in the past.
"You're not. Stop being so dramatic. Is it really so hard to believe an alien cat has taken you back in time?"
Sherlock's ears, which had been flat during most of John's explanations, betray his inner thoughts as they flick forward, alert, and then press back down. "You know me. I don't actually seek out other people unless I have to," he explains delicately. "But back to the summary. Anything else?"
It is a man in his 40s, fairly fit, but not someone who works out regularly. His profession keeps him trim.
John stares at Sherlock where he is bent over the dead body Lestrade has asked Sherlock to look at.
Sherlock pulls himself out of John's grip, fixes his bra, and does up his shirt, "Seems rather antiquated of you John." Then walks off the crime scene in a huff.
Sherlock looks taken aback.
The flat is dim with late afternoon light muted by the gentle rain that's been the norm for the last couple of weeks. John sits at the desk before his laptop, blog open to a new post and utterly blank.
She then moves to the coffee table and begins playing with her dolls.
Sherlock licks his lips as John reveals his skin, until he is finally down to just his pants. John stops just a moment to appreciate the comparison between them.
"Oi. That's why they invented chairs."
Sherlock's head pokes up at that.
Still, the man answers.
John's face does multiple things at once but settles into a softly fond expression and he smiles, "Of course. You're my best friend."
He walks out through the kitchen and into the lounge and perches on the back of his chair so his tail can move freely. John watches him from his own chair. He's made both himself and Sherlock tea.
He looks back up to Sherlock and asks breathlessly, "May I?"
"Yes, John. Thank you."
The fungus is...is
John knows Sherlock meant to say the last bit decisively, but has betrayed himself by trailing at the end like a question. John's heart aches to have Sherlock still so convinced that John will revoke this at any moment, as if John had the power to stop himself from loving Sherlock.
He can see the headline now. 'Former Detective Sherlock Holmes, Couldn't Detect Way Out of the Cold.' Callous and unforgiving gossip rags. The only unchanging things in an ever changing world.
On the roots twisting through John and over the bed.
The light still surrounds and the storm still threatens.
However, John can't help himself.
"Only, it's just you've been looking a little rundown and I havent seen you sleeping."
are you kissing me?"
"Just a minute sweetheart, we're finishing now."
"Are you okay?"
He crawls over to the sink and pulls himself to standing. His mouth gapes open as he stares at his reflection in the mirror. Cat ears, covered in the same fur as his tail, protrude from his head, and when he concentrates he can swivel them and flatten them like a housecat.
John could kick his past self 1000 times over because he knows that he's the one who crushed Sherlock's self confidence regarding this. He's the one who made it so even the great Sherlock Holmes with all the evidence in front of him couldn't believe his own eyes.
"Hey, you." John's smile becomes something more without really changing. There's a depth to it now that was missing a moment before. Sherlock has always loved this about John, his expressive face and myriad of expressions that convey everything and nothing at the same time. John's hand moves from resting atop Sherlock's to gently sliding into his palm and holding firmly.
John can only gape at the way the black satin clothes contrast with Sherlock's pale skin creating the ultimate tease.
"Jesus, Sherlock. For one day of the year you could at least pretend everything isn't about you."
Rosie jumps up from under the blanket and rushs John to give him a hug.
"Uh, yes?"
"I always did say you were an idiot," he says bitterly. To think. All those years ago John left him out of some skewed sense of morality.
They stare at each other for an interminable amount of time. John gets himself under control. Always under control, he is. He feels his anger slip away, replaced by a hollowness in his very core. He turns his back on Sherlock and breathes in beats of three. Then-
"Oh God!" Lestrade exclaims while covering his face and looking away.
Sherlock holds him like that, for minutes or hours he couldn't say if pressed, until Sherlock leans back slightly and looks down into John's eyes. It should be unsettling being the subject of Sherlock's intense focus, but instead it's comforting.
"Oh for God's sake John, you're making me feel ridiculous." Sherlock sits up and frowns at John, who finally realizes he's staring and shuts his mouth with a click.
"And what? You just forgot to take your sex kink stuff off?"
He runs and runs across the fields, the waves closing in on him. The water black and swirling, cresting and falling, rushing past him on either side, but somehow he manages to stay just a step ahead until he doesn't.
"Sherlock. What was that?"
John contemplates Sherlock and Rosie in front of him. Four years ago he never would have imagined any of this. Sherlock and him raising Rosie right by themselves. In his wildest fantasized he never thought he could have something like this. Truly the only thing missing for John was the freedom to love Sherlock as wholly as he wanted to. To convey through touch how much he loved the man seated across from him.
He's sorry for everything, but most of all himself. He's sorry he failed John.
Sherlock observes John quietly while John continues to peck at his food. John jumps when Sherlock covers John's socked foot with his own under the table. They don't pull apart though.
Sherlock nods in understanding. "Then what is it?"
nice."
They both need the moment to decide how the conversation will go from here. They've both admitted their big secret. Now it's all a matter of logistics, so to speak.
what loving you did to me? Do you
John reaches around Sherlock and grabs his  butt and pulls him down until their groins are in contact again. They rut against each other until Sherlock breaks away with a moan, "John. John, we have to stop or I'm going to come in my pants. I'd much rather take them off and come on you. Are you amniable to that?"
Sherlock is sitting a million miles from John and his lonely feelings.
He takes a deep breath, "I've thought about you too."
Both of them sit quietly for a few minutes. The conversation will unravel itself in due time.
"Well, maybe that's just you."
Sherlock's eyes go wide and he stops breathing. His body is unnaturally still as the words hit him and wind through him into his heart.
John infuses the flat with a sense of warmth that was lacking before. Sherlock knows that he is home now and that before he merely resided in 221B.
"Oh God yes."
Lestrade visibly loses his train of thought and stares a moment at Sherlock's chest before shaking his head and pointedly looking at Sherlock's face. "Look I don't care what kinky stuff you and John get up to at home, but, yes, you probably should have taken those off before you showed up. They're distracting my team."
It's early in the morning, the sun is still not up yet. They've probably only been asleep a couple of hours. It's quiet save for Sherlock's even steady breathes.
"I didn't expect to gain anything from telling you John. Though, I did hope, fervently, that you might feel the same."
He looks back up at London before him. "So, where are we?
why shouldn't it help
The concoction has been at a roiling boil for 17 minutes and it's now time to add the final ingredient. He double checks he's done everything accordingly and prepares to add it, which, as silly as it seems, is the breath of a virgin, which was the easiest ingredient to get- his breath. He's never been more thankful for his past self's disinterest and, currently, John's insistence they take things slow.
"Oh my God, Sherlock." John is groaning and apparently John is reaching his climax just as quickly as Sherlock. John shudders beneath them and Sherlock feels a warmth between them, but he cannot look down to see.
A moment passes and then, much closer then John expects, "Are you sure?"
"John. I also couldn't be dating Mycroft because he's not my type."
They kiss John.
"You were a soldier John. I put you closest to the points of egress, as well as between potential attackers and someone you'd like to protect. Paradoxically, you'll sleep better."
He watches as thin, flat red stalks come from his back and twist together into a blood red fungal flower. They seem to pulse, erupting with a fine red powder which coats his room. He takes in the falling dust and focuses back on John beneath.
Honestly, I can’t tell whether this is supposed to be a fic prompt, or…well, no, I know that it’s supposed to symbolize Holmes’s love for disguise, which is certainly indulged in this episode. There are several scenes of Holmes taking off his diguises and washing his face and hands in a basin while talking to Watson. The production team obviously loved the “master of disguise” thing and Brett really threw himself into it. His Holmes really is an actor, and a rare one. And if you want to imagine what he did with that mask after the King went home, don’t let me stop you.
"Watson," he said, absently, as he lit the end of the spill at the fire.
So thing #1 I appreciate about this adaptation is that Chapman has no time for this drifting-apart bullshit. It’s true that he does have Watson talk about staying late at the “surgery” (since when has he been in practice, after Holmes’s cousin bought him out?); but honestly, Chapman has to separate them somehow before the assault happens. Otherwise, Gruner’s goons would have had to kill Watson to get to Holmes. And I can see why they wanted to keep Watson finding out from the papers. It’s better, even, because although Watson is actually on his way home to 221B, where he will be seeing Holmes momentarily, dude
That gun totally does not hit the parapet in such a way as to make the mark that they then pretend to discover in the next shot. But don’t blame the props department; it couldn’t. Physics just doesn’t work that way. Plus, since in the adaptation they have Watson actually
of what happened. So when Holmes sees this, it’s not a flashback. He’s not remembering something he experienced. He is, for the first time,
argument is bullshit, for many reasons. One: it assumes that beauty is an absolute given that all humans instinctively recognize. Two: it ignores the fact that flowers are in fact necessary for our existence, because without them we wouldn’t have pollination and therefore most of our food. Three: it’d be harder to find a flower whose scent and appearance owed more to human engineering than the rose. Doyle specifies a
TOS–that every once in a while (or, in the case of the second half of season 3 of
"They are like you," I repeated. "You have a...an affinity. And once you and a jewel have found each other...I hate to part you."
. Most TV and film adaptations cater to contemporary expectations by building up to Moriarty more gradually. I can understand why “Red Headed League” seemed like a good place to do that. The ruse Clay sets up as a cover for his tunneling is so elaborate that it is really hard to see how he could have done it without some outside help. Nevertheless, “Red Headed League” is a very early story–it appears right after “Scandal in Bohemia” in
Yes, Green is a stalker. Bowen’s script makes that clear. Lady Frances is given several opportunities to make it quite clear to Green that she wants nothing more to do with him. He ignores all of them, continues to follow her, and actually tracks her down on a train after her ‘disappearance’ and proposes to her–and is flatly rejected. He does seem to be sincerely concerned about her welfare and he does help save her life. All the same: what do we call a man who refuses to take no for an answer, and keeps hounding the woman who told him “no” because he’s convinced that since she loved him once and he’s “waited fifteen years” she MUST eventually come around if he just follows her around for long enough? We call him a stalker.
makes it clearer that Miss Turner is Holmes’s client and that his main responsibility is to her. Unfortunately, this means that Holmes is in a very difficult position once he discovers the identity of the killer, because it’s impossible for him to protect *all* of his client’s interests. He must either expose his client’s father–which she clearly didn’t hire him to do–or allow his client’s one true love to hang, which is the one thing she explicitly hired him to prevent. (The adaptation is also much more straightforward about the fact that the children actually do love each other mutually, which raises the stakes for both Holmes and Watson; ever since “Abbey Grange” they have really embraced the role of guardian angel for star-crossed lovers.)
The most interesting relationship in this episode, instead, is Holmes and Langdale Pike. It’s with Pike that Holmes plays his deduction game (it’s nice to see some deduction actually happening, even though it doesn’t affect the plot; it’s been a long time). Pike looks and acts like Sir Harry Wotton from
Did I say that if you only watch one episode from the Brett/Burke era it should be “The Speckled Band?” That was MADNESS. You should NOT watch only one episode from this era, you should and you must watch BOTH “The Speckled Band” and “The Blue Carbuncle,” which may perhaps be Granada’s greatest gift to the fandom. I know it’s almost Easter; but honestly, any time you watch “The Blue Carbuncle,” it’s Christmas. The production values are generally pretty good: Victoriana is everywhere, all the guest stars seem to be bringing their A game, there are more extras running around in this episode than all of the earlier ones combined, and all in all it reminds me pleasantly of another vintage 1980s Christmas special, the George C. Scott
in a rowboat like some idiot who’s never been on the water. And I have to believe that this bit of Freudian camerwork was appreciated even more lustily by the young Mark Gatiss than it is by Cranky Old Plaidder. I would go so far as to say that we might be looking at the origins of
“My dear Watson, you entirely misunderstand the problem. In both of those cases, the animal in question was merely a tool in the hands of a human villain employing it for nefarious yet coherent purposes. But when the animal in fact
It is unanswerable, of course; and who knows, maybe the only reason I’m asking it is that the Unveiling of Jude Law in this episode reminds me so much of this:
And so I love the ending of this episode, with Watson eagerly showing off his new decoding skills, Martin listening attentively, and Holmes being snarky to himself and yet also proud of how well his protege is doing with the explanation. But the best moment is after Martin’s gone and Watson asks Holmes what he put in his note to Abe Slaney. “Read it yourself,” Holmes says, and tosses the note to him. Watson looks at it, parses the words sort of slowly, and then just looks up and says, with that smile again, “Come here at once.” Holmes smiles back. “How absurdly simple.” And sadly, they cut away just before they leap into each other’s arms. Well, all right, I don’t KNOW that. But I do know that from start to finish, this has been about showing us that Watson has the intellectual capacity to become a real partner to Holmes–in the business sense, of course. And that was, at the time, a major change in his characterization; and you can see the consequences in any modern adaptation you look at.
Worried you were slowing down
And this is one reason why I love the ending of this episode so much. In Act IV of
You know, these moments are fleeting and you can’t hold them long. But it’s nice to know that even in 2017, you can still feel the joy they captured on this day over 30 years ago, when Brett and Hardwicke were still alive and kicking, and it was always 1895.
OK, we know Sir Robert, despite being a ladies’ man, has never married; and we know he’s already got a thing going with Carrie. The question arises: just how close did this trio get during the time of the deception?
rich man saddled with hot-blooded tropical wife he now hates hires young English governess, then tries to get with her even though he’s still married–only Jane is hot as well as intellectually & spiritually gifted, Bertha has access to the gun room, and Mr. Rochester is basically Donald Trump.
. What was Jeremy Paul thinking? What was director Tim Sullivan smoking? What hijinks were going on in the editing room? Who was in charge of wrangling that bat? How, in the very decade in which vampires were making their pop-culture comeback–the decade that brought us
Holmes was already at my writing desk. "May I?" he said, gesturing toward the pigeonhole into which I had crammed the offending documents.
movie. And this is a shame, because to the extent that the canon “Red Circle” charms the reader, it’s by the gradual movement from what appears to be a trivial but interestingly weird domestic mystery that Holmes is pursuing mainly for fun and to add to his “education”– “Education never ends, Watson!”–to Holmes’s realization that they have unintentionally stumbled across a very serious international intrigue. There’s so much playfulness in the early stages of the investigation–especially the hunt through the agony columns, during which Holmes has a speech about this Victorian version of Craig’s List that Brett would have made magic with back during his “Second Stain” days–that just doesn’t come across in the adaptation. The whimsicality of the opening is drowned out by Watson’s Dramatic Voiceover–and by the way, what is this “both of them loved Emilia” bullshit, Watson? Last I checked, you knew the difference between love and “selfishness”–and by the fact that as soon as Holmes learns that the mysterious lodger was recommended to Mrs. Warren by his former client Enrico Fermani, he’s immediately thinking about this as a Dark and Deadly business. With the bodies piling up–and with Watson at least partially responsible for one of them–the tragic elements of the plot pretty much overpower everything else. Then there’s the fact that the canon story was as much a code story as “Dancing Men” is, but the episode does almost nothing with the code. Now, I know that there are famous problems with the code actually being used in the Doyle story; but honestly, that’s a one-line fix. With all this to-do made about the signaling, we don’t ever find out what they were signaling to each other, or why. Instead we spend a lot of time with the official detectives, about whom I care nothing, and who do a lot of the actual work.
So I promised a while back that you wouldn’t have to hear any more reminiscences about my carefree youth back in the 1980s. In fact, I find, there’s one more left in the dispatch-box. As I’ve said, I stopped following the series after they switched Watsons on me. However, as I was watching the beginning of “The Musgrave Ritual,” I realized that this is the one Hardwicke episode that I saw part of, back in the day. I turned it off right after Holmes and Watson’s arrival at Musgrave, after Holmes asks after Musgrave’s wife, and he says, “I’m not married, Holmes,” and Holmes replies, “How wise!”
First there’s the indecision about the episode’s tone. There’s some domestic comedy introduced at the beginning–again, Granada suppresses the marriage, so they had to sort of rewrite the opening–with Watson being put out that Holmes has stood him up for a dinner date, then even more put out when Mrs. Whitney shows up, and the whole case kind of turns into Dr. Watson’s Terrible, Horrible, No Good Very Bad Day. But since Mrs. Whitney is in real distress, that doesn’t really work, as you can see with the little exchange between Mrs. Hudson and Mrs. Whitney after Watson leaves. I love Rosalie Williams and I’m glad they seem to be writing more material for her, but this lame “men are just grownup children that we have to take care of” joking requires Mrs. Whitney to treat her husband’s leaving her and disappearing into an opium den for three days as a kind of boyish pecadillo. At any rate, Watson is grumpy the whole way through, which is too bad, because he and Holmes are sleeping in the same room for once (famously, Holmes tells Watson in the canon story that “my room at the Cedars is a double-bedded one”). At the same time, Mrs. St. Clair, who is sort of a comic figure in the canon story, is taken very seriously, and her strength and great love for Neville are conveyed in the scene where she searches the rooms she saw him disappear into.
Anyway, I admit I could be making all of this up, so on to other topics. Annie Harrison is one of the many remarkable women of canon in whom Moffat and Gatiss took no interest whatsoever; Holmes tells Percy straight up that without her they wouldn’t have recovered the treaty. The guest stars are all pretty good, and the shots of everyone outside in the summer sunlight are beautiful (thank you costume department for getting them out of their heavy tweeds for once). The final sequence showing Holmes’s fight with Joseph Harrison in slow-motion silhouette is…well…I’m sorry, it’s awful. It seems to me like a deliberate attempt to avoid having to actually film a combat scene, perhaps because neither actor was comfortable with one. Some effort was put into the teaser sequence, with a nice artistic shot of a marble bust that probably inspired some of the motifs in “The Six Thatchers.” So, overall not my favorite, but we move on.
, of course, but Brett doesn’t do his own singing in that.) Watson low-key snarking at Holmes about how the paper contains all kinds of international news about war and revolution but “nothing you’d be interested in” is also a lovely moment. All the 221B stuff in this episode is top-drawer, including Mrs. Hudson. My only regret is that instead of Lestrade, who’s Mycroft’s sidekick in the canon story, they’ve substituted Inspector Bradstreet. I assume this was because Colin Jeavons was for some reason unavailable; but it’s too bad. He would have made it all even better. Charles Gray is all business in this one; but you can still see the Holmes spirit in him, especially at the moment when he’s promising his little brother to send him a list of all the known spies in the greater London area. A nice little touch added for the adaptation is the deciphering of this list when it finally arrives: “He writes like a drunken crab,” Holmes comments, tossing the note to Watson in hopes that as a doctor, he can make some sense of it.
his relationship with Watson, who is given the right to confirm or revoke the freedom that Holmes is offering Crocker.
after long suppression.
I’ve a message from across the sea
TOS, pretty much most of the time) you run into an episode that just feels unloved. It’s hard to say exactly what gives it away. A certain lack of investment on the part of the actors, perhaps; little lags and pauses dragging down the pacing; clumsily inserted reactions; or just shots like this one, which plunks Holmes into the middle of a tonally muddled, uncomposed mess of bedsheets and antique furniture with nary a thought spared for visual impact. But somehow, you just get the feeling that nobody really took this episode to heart and pledged to do their best for it. They got through it, put it in the can, and moved on.
For the last six, the show is carrying him. And maybe that’s fair. Very sad. But fair enough.
What Chapman does is turn this passive-aggressive lament into a lovers’ tiff which is actually kind of fun to watch and must have been fun for them to play. Watson, as in the canon story, is irritated by being dragged away from his surgery to hear about this nonsense; but instead of this oh poor me I know I’m mostly useless but I still have some humble role to play BS, Watson Goes Off:
"And I would make it your crown."
, Doyle doesn’t really present Holmes’s drug use as an addiction until pretty late in the saga (in the introduction to “The Adventure of the Missing Three-Quarter,” to be precise). Most modern adaptations treat it as an addiction from the beginning, and that’s obviously what the Granada people have decided to do. In “Dancing Men,” during a late-night solo decoding session, Holmes takes out the syringe case, opens it, fondles it, then puts it back in the drawer and gets back to work. This falsifies his insistence in “Scandal” that he only uses when he’s not working. The difference between Watson’s histrionic reaction in “Scandal” and his angry but resigned reaction in “Solitary Cyclist” suggests that Watson has reached the point where he realizes he’s not going talk Holmes out of shooting up.
While all this is going on, there are these scenes in which Mrs. Whitney and Mrs. St. Clair venture into the Bad Parts of Town and are menaced by poor people. There’s a lot of subjective camera, especially in the scene where Mrs. St. Clair wanders into Swandam Lane, where these poor people are shot from the bourgeois-eye-view:
could they have done such a terrible job of extracting a couple of hours of television from “The Sussex Vampire”?
Anyway, what “Silver Blaze” does instead is give us a chance to luxuriate in all the little things we already know and love. Holmes’s confrontation with Silas Bourne is delicious, especially the way they both handle Silas’s stick. I could watch Sherlock Holmes bending loudmouthed assholes to his will and forcing them to do his bidding ALL DAY. You also have to love Holmes directing Watson to “linger”:
there, and he never will. So he didn’t look at Kitty closely enough. She wasn’t his client, she was just a tool he was planning to use–one in a thousand ‘fallen women’ who were tossed on the scrapheap after losing their ‘virtue’ to some asshole who pretended to be better than he was. But in that conversation, he tells Watson that he feels like just leaving Violet to marry the Baron and wishing them joy–because he feels the contrast between Kitty’s “spirit” and the smug upper-class self-satisfaction that allows Violet to dismiss Kitty’s pain as something that can’t possibly happen to her. I was, at first, annoyed at this utter lack of sympathy for Violet, who is as much a victim of Gruner’s machinations as Kitty is. But then I thought: you know, Violet is not somehow more valuable as a human being just because her family is friends with King Edward VII (who everyone pretty much figures is the Illustrious Client). She has Sir James and Holmes and the His Royal Freaking Highness Himself looking out for her, just because of the family she was born into; and who was looking out for Kitty when Gruner came for her? No one.
I pushed a parcel of Christmas crackers aside and sat down slowly on the settee. I tore open the envelope and drew out the folded sheets within. I transcribe the text of the covering letter below.
“The Priory School,” as a story, was not a favorite of mine as a youth; but I went back to it recently when I was writing “
all of Watson’s emotions at a time when they’re supposed to be
…no, they’re going to make me stare at it till the credits are over.
But of course not
Why paper specifically? Well, first of all, there’s a lot of it about. Holmes lives in a world where an information revolution is indeed taking place, but the only way people still really have of
Most interesting to me, however, is how this episode handles the confrontation with Crocker. It plays out according to canon (with some emendations to some of the now-embarrassing dialogue) for a while…and then Mary shows up.
D’OHH.
But Watson isn’t actually there–because of course, since he’s not narrating now, he doesn’t have to be. This is, again, not a
So given all this…why is Holmes working for this dirtbag?
So in contrast to the hit job that Derek Marlowe does on Sophia Kratides in “Greek Interpreter,” Bowen’s adaptation recuperates Lady Brackenstall by providing context for Holmes’s accusations when he goes back to confront her. In the canon story, the emphasis is on Holmes’s learning not to be swayed by rank, beauty, charm, chivalry, etc. when evaluating a suspect’s credibility, and the confrontation is mainly about him defending “any reputation I might possess” against a woman who nearly played him for a fool. In the adaptation, the emphasis is on a different aspect of that scene: look, I know why you lied to me, and I know how desperate you are; please tell me the truth so I can help you. Here, as in the later scene with Captain Crocker, Holmes is frustrated by the way she keeps making that difficult; he
So it ends with each of them having accepted his own flaws and the other’s strengths. Which would be entirely heartwarming, were it not for the fact that when Watson comes back with the paper, he catches Holmes in the act of rolling his sleeves back down and shoving the syringe drawer back into the desk.
And the other thing that strikes me as a lot more ominous today is the fog.
Nabbing Colonel Valentine is also a great moment. At it happens, I just re-watched the Kenneth Branagh/Emma Thompson
Holmes stood to replace his pipe upon the mantel. He did not enter into the lively disputation I had expected. He simply bent his head and stared into the fire, one elbow leaning on the corner of the mantel. The flames crackling in the grate illuminated his features with sinuous, rippling strokes that no painter's hand could equal.
I’m confused by my peers,
At some point during all this, Holmes indicates a box of cigars, and says, “you see, I was not unmindful of your return.” The way Brett does that, melancholy with just a touch of petulance, just says so much. He knows Watson wants something from him he’s not providing; he’s pained at being unable to provide it; he provides instead what he can, which is the box of cigars and the chance of another adventure. And at least for right now, it’s enough. Look at Watson’s face in that image up top. Holmes has just told him that he’s going to need Watson’s help for this dangerous mission; and Watson literally sits up straighter in his chair, all eagerness and attention. He’s so proud that Holmes wants him. After reading the King’s letter, Watson says, rather sadly, that the client clearly won’t want him around and he should go, and Holmes tells him, very clearly: no. I need you. Stay. Well, actually, what he says is, “I am lost without my Boswell.” They give you a nice closeup on Brett’s face as he says it, and it just makes your heart go AAAAAAH!!!
. And yet, if I look at my own romantic life, it doesn’t look a whole lot like
bad this fast? I mean, I had problems with
As for the rest of it, well, I don’t think we really needed TWO opium den episodes, and I was really annoyed at the way neither Holmes nor Watson did anything about Victor Savage’s obvious fever during the dinner party until he collapsed in slow-motion. Still, it’s sort of satisfying in a weird way to watch Susannah Harker, who played Jane Bingley in the Colin Firth
Anyway. This part of “Six Napoleons” reminds me a lot of a certain type of
The TV’s in the basement,
Dude has not even stopped his forward motion before the hands are slithering across the parquet searching for data. This is something that was really revolutionary about Brett’s interpretation of the character. His Holmes is not just a brain in a vat; he detects with his whole body, leading with the hands.
(Holmes knows I’m totally going there. All right, I am…but ONLY IN MY HEAD!)
With a heavy heart, I turned to Sutherland's report. It was indeed quite professional. It informed me that through the society papers Sutherland had traced Sir George Burnville's movements back to the fateful night last winter when Miss Mary Holder helped that scoundrel steal the the beryl coronet. Sutherland had methodically visited the scenes of Burnville's old debauches and past revelries, inquiring in her unobtrusive way about the company he had been seen to keep. She learned that Miss Mary Holder had indeed flown with Sir George Burnville after the missing beryls were recovered--at first, to the Riviera, where for a month she no doubt enjoyed all the glittering pleasures available to the mistress of a debased rogue who suddenly finds himself with three thousand pounds of someone else's money in his pocket. Upon returning to London, Miss Mary Holder was passed--let that word draw a veil over the loathsome details of a loathsome transaction--to a gentleman friend of Sir George Burnville's, and then to another. Then, finally, to a woman who offered Miss Holder room and board--and, inevitably, the only employment available to a young and pretty woman with no money, no character, no connections, and no family.
Violet and I go back, in fact, about 35 years, to when I was 12 or 13 and my father brought home a giant two-volume copy of William S. Baring-Gould’s
of Watson’s hallucinations, and instead just tells us what Watson’s sensations are. But on film, the only way to get into Holmes’s head is to show us what’s in there. And there is definitely nothing you can represent–certainly nothing you can represent on network television in 1988–that wouldn’t be vastly disappointing to the viewers after all this buildup.
I look fifty right now, but
So, you know, all that’s good. And then Watson discovers the Bradshaw, and the train chase begins.
“But only slightly less well known is this: if you happen to be running an television series that deals in mystery, horror, and suspense, NEVER build an episode of it around animal possession.”
and 1969, and the amount of variation and life he gets into these little disquisitions is awe-inspiring. I particularly enjoy the ones where he’s telling Lord Bollinger and Trelawney Hope how hopeless the situation already is, and the one he delivers to Watson–right before a carelessly tossed match sets the pile of newspapers on fire–in which he vents his frustration about his lack of progress. Brett allows Holmes, in this story, to be genuinely at a loss; instead of delivering a pre-formed conclusion, in these monologues Holmes is talking himself through the reasoning process, looking not just for the solution but for some kind of reassurance that he might actually find one. Just that little moment when he looks up at Watson and says, “Should I go to Paris?” as if he’s really not sure and hoping maybe Watson could answer the question for him–there are dozens of these little unexpected yet always ultimately in character choices that Brett makes on his way through these speeches.
Moments later, as we were kissing on the hearth-rug, the answer came to me all at once, the way the solution to a riddle does.
Now it’s entirely possible that one of the reasons I didn’t like this episode better is that I have no fond memories of it to give it the kind of nostalgic glow that suffuses the other episodes, and which helps you overlook some of the production problems. But leaving that aside for a moment…
I closed the newspaper with a snap. "Indeed, you predicted as much."
Robin Chapman, who did such a good job with “Illustrious Client,” evidently decided that the only way to do this story was to go Gothic with it. He basically jettisons the mystery and kind of turns it into
Bowen’s screenplay keeps the final speech, but I don’t think Bowen really grappled with its meaning. Instead, “The Cardboard Box” serves up its postmodern blend of Christmas cheer spiked with disgust and horror. Instead of the famous mind-reading passage, we get a nice cozy scene in 221b in which Holmes and Watson are discussing body-snatching and just how much the medical establishment is complicit in it. That really sets the tone for the whole episode: a kind of “Awww….eww?” Holmes’s own attitude toward Christmas seems to have soured quite a bit since “Blue Carbuncle;” he’s quite Scroogey when it comes to Christmas traditions in this one, whereas in “Blue Carbuncle” he’s generally indifferent to them when not enjoying them. Still, some sort of warmth occasionally burbles up through his curmudgeonliness, and it’s cheering to see his genuine delight at Watson wearing his present:
’s past.
What this adaptation gets, and what most others don’t, is that although Irene Adler is Holmes’s adversary in this story, she is not the criminal or the villain. That role is owned by Holmes’s client. The King of Bohemia had an affair with an unattached and unprotected American woman, dumped her, and is now so terrified of having to suffer the consequences of his own behavior that he is willing to do just about anything to get the incriminating photograph off Irene Adler. The Granada episode begins with two of the King’s hired goons ransacking Irene Adler’s house in the dead of night, ripping open her furniture and paintings with knives as they search for the photograph. This is only one of the many completely illegal things the King admits to doing to Irene Adler during his interview with Holmes (in ACD canon and in this adaptation). She eventually appears to chase the burglars off with a pistol. After they’ve fled, she looks up at the large oil painting of herself (it’s a terrible painting; I don’t know why the producers of period drama can’t bring themselves to pay for decent fake oil portraits, but they’re universally disappointing) and you can see how hurt and shocked she is by the symbolic violence. And that’s the canon Irene Adler: a strong woman in an extremely vulnerable position. She’s cunning, bold, clever, pistol-packing, trouser-wearing etc.,
, waiting till this late in the series actually enriches “Boscombe Valley.”
Maria Gibson is in red
I assumed that by “fog” Doyle meant the mist you saw rising off the ocean up in Maine in the early morning, or the low-lying white clouds that sometimes obscure the tops of skyscrapers. I did not know then that in Victorian London, “fog” was a euphemism for a dark and nasty cloud of dense, toxic, low-lying pollution whose main component was coal smoke. Coal was what most households in Victorian London were burning for warmth–gas was used mainly for light–and it made the city filthy. In the winter, climate conditions created some kind of inversion that kept a lot of this pollution trapped in the city. The London “fog” was, in other words, an almost unimaginably intense version of what we American children of the 1970s call “smog.” The reason Holmes has cabin fever at the beginning of “Bruce Partington Plans” is that when the “fog” was THAT bad, you just didn’t go out there. Not just because of all the criminal shenanigans Holmes is fantasizing about, but because breathing that shit deeply enough for long enough is gonna kill you.
. In “Dancing Men,” it was Holmes drawing on the board and Watson studying it; here, it’s Watson drawing the layout of the bank and its environs on the board, with Holmes studying it. Someone put some thought into creating this nice little bookend for the apprenticeship narrative. Even more nifty is the fact that we get to this scene via a dissolve from this:
I am aware, sadly, that later series of this show are going to force me to watch Brett in his tragic decline, and I’m honestly not looking forward to that. Fortunately, however, in 1986 he was at the height of his powers, and he turns in a
and since Holmes doesn’t actually fire the pistol before releasing, they’re not really replicating the conditions under which the original shot took place anyway. But the solution of “Speckled Band” is cheez whiz too, and “Speckled Band” is still a better story. Why? Well, “Speckled Band” is (for Doyle) a fairly original story with well-individualized characters, whereas “Thor Bridge” could also have been titled “Jane Eyre With Guns
So what would have been the right decision in “Solitary Cyclist”–to go after the guy who’s obviously stalking her–is the wrong decision in “Frances Carfax,” because unlike Violet Smith, Lady Frances Carfax can’t be trusted to know what’s good for her. Holmes paints a picture of a world in which women alone are constantly besieged by opportunistic criminals against whose wiles they prove defenseless. Watson goes on stubbornly attributing independence and agency to her; but in this universe, he’s wrong. Noting that she was alone and apparently not under anyone’s power when she appeared at the bank, Watson says, “She was free.” Holmes knows better: “A person may walk off the edge of a cliff because she has been invited to look at the moon.”
From the credits onward, this episode is structured as a kind of day-in-the-life narrative—a
In the flickering glow…
“The first of, of course, is ‘never start a land war in Asia.’”
That is one thing you can say for this episode; Chapman steers clear of that racist history I was talking about earlier by suggesting that the Great Sherlock Holmes himself is as close to the lower primates as any other human would be–closer, perhaps, given that Holmes too is not always perceived by his peers as being fully human. So that’s a relief, because…wait a minute…
So here’s to you, Kitty Winter, and good luck with the spinoff. I will miss your fiery red hair and your even more fiery spirit and of course your beautiful side-eye game:
. THAT’S why I don’t like him. Anyway, so in addition to not being able to make up his mind about whether Edith really saw anything or whether he wants Holmes on the case, Bennett conceals vital information, which Holmes then has to extract for himself. And yet, at the same time, there is less mystery, because the solution is constantly being telegraphed. All the sets are filled with references to apes. Professor Presbury’s study is full of ape specimens. He gives a lecture on apes which Holmes attends. Holmes fills 221b with books about apes. Chapman invents a subplot in which Lestrade is investigating a gang which is stealing primates from local zoos. (Good to see Colin Jeavons back at last, even if it’s only for this.) The whole episode is screaming, “APE. HE’S AN APE. THAT MOTHERFUCKER IS AN APE-MAN. IF YOU ARE WONDERING WHAT IT IS THAT HE’S BECOMING, LET ME SUGGEST TO YOU THAT IT MIGHT BE AN APE.”
Because of the decision to go into Holmes’s head, we don’t get to see Watson using his last shred of “strength and sanity” to drag Holmes to safety. But we get something a lot more powerful instead. We hear Watson calling Holmes’s name, and we see Holmes, from Watson’s POV, writhing in convulsions while Watson frantically tries to get Holmes to recognize him:
…especially when you contrast it with this:
So let me just go over the Perennial Problems of The Final Problem, and Hawkesworth’s attempts to fix them:
OK, so I’m 48 and used to better special effects, but this still got me. There is a genuine little frisson of horror as you watch Rachel’s drowned corpse rise to the surface, becoming more recognizable every second. And that’s probably partly because of the growing dread we feel as poor Janet Tregellis approaches the edge of the lake–because we saw Rachel throw herself into it, but also because we’ve already been taught that this is the kind of thing that distraught women who’ve been abandoned by their lovers do:
“But only slightly less well known is this: if you happen to be running an television series that deals in mystery, horror, and suspense, NEVER build an episode of it around animal possession.”
You’re out there with the ones
When they part company at Irene Adler’s house, the King offers Holmes his hand to shake. No doubt for the King this is a great moment of magnanimous condescension. Holmes turns and walks away from it; Watson shakes it.
…but as I said, there isn’t a ton beneath the surface here. I was interested to see what I think is only our second shot of Holmes’s bedroom, which seems like a very cramped, lonely, and probably usually totally smoke-filled space; no wonder they spend most of their time in the common room. Speaking of which, this show always gives me serious breakfast envy. Watson evidently eats enough breakfast for about six people. Holmes, on the other hand, has basically never been shown eating on camera, and he refuses food at Colonel Ross’s too. I don’t know whether this is an adaptation thing or an acting choices thing or what. Does it say somewhere in the show bible that Holmes must never be shown ingesting food? Is that because he’s the Queen?
(the three preceding stories are “Scandal in Bohemia,” “Red-Headed League,” and “A Case of Identity”). But in the Granada adaptation, we’ve already seen Holmes dispensing his own definition of justice to numerous murderers, either as vengeance (“Speckled Band,” “Greek Interpreter”) or as mercy ( “Abbey Grange,” “Devil’s Foot”). Similarly, “Boscombe” is set pretty soon after Watson’s marriage to Mary, and written at a time when Doyle was still attempting to acknowledge Mary and the marriage ("Boscombe Valley” begins with Watson and Mary actually talking to each other, instead of, say, a couple lines about how Mary is off visiting her mother even though she’s an orphan), whereas in the Granada series, by the time “Boscombe Valley” happens, Holmes and Watson have been living together for years and we know that Watson doesn’t marry Mary.
John, forgetting he was talking to a
Sherlock blinks multiple times and turns bright pink. He looks away from John and, to his own mortification, begins purring quietly which only makes him turn a brighter shade of red. He puts his face into his hands and gives another groan at his body's betrayal of his inner emotions.
Rosie finishes her bit of food and asks to be excused from the table. John grants permission, but she has the stay in the living room until he and Sherlock are done eating.
John just shrugs. "Don't quite know, but I'm here."
As the bee's hum away and a warm breeze gently stirs Sherlock's notes.
John slowly raises his arms and hugs Sherlock back. It's comforting to feel the subject of his affection (God,
"What? You want to try?"
John pulls on his hand slightly and leads them out of Speedy's and up into 221B.
Sherlock breathes heavy by John's ear, "I want to feel your orgasm."
It's almost a physical pain, the love between them.
He looks out the window. A storm is coming in. Sleet, if not snow, by the looks of it. He gets up and walks to his front door. He grabs his coat, but not
And now is where he longs to stay.
Sherlock let's out a ragged moan at the sound, pumping twice more as he comes inside John. He shudders and breathes a moment.
John raises his eyebrows, "We'll see. So. What now?"
Lestrade takes a deep breath and let's it out slowly, "John. That is the purest cup of pining and unrequited love to have ever graced this Earth."
"Uh. Sorry. It's just, uh, you. You look. Wow." John manages to choke out. All of the blood he'd usually have used to think having rushed down south. "Are your breasts bigger?"
He opens his eyes and, while he's still in his chair, he is now on a cliff overlooking the sea.
Theoretical wouldn't keep John by his side.
He drifts off to sleep.
No, no, no.
"Daddy!"
Sherlock is lounging in his chair one leg artfully thrown over the side causing his legs to be spread wide giving John a full view of Sherlock from his very erect satin covered cock to his barely contained breasts.
Sherlock makes a questioning hum before nodding his head for John to continue.
Sherlock clasps his hands together and looks down at them, "I-I don't know what to do next," he laughs wryly.
"Everyone has to go back at some point and there's no guarantee the next time I come back I'll remember you. That we'll find each other. And I don't want that. I want you. Always you."
"My undying love?"
John winces at the hysteria he hears in Sherlock's voice. His heart goes out to the man. After all, in some ways it's no different than any other life-altering illness.
His baby is coming.
John gives Sherlock a confused look, "Good, for you?"
Sherlock looks to the stock pot before him. It steams with a roiling boil.
His nightmare.
John looks at him a moment processing what Sherlock has just said before grabbing him in a fierce hug.
"Really?"
DECAY
John catches a glimpse of what looks like bags and bags of items in Sherlock's arms. John is curious, but figures Sherlock will show him what he bought if he wants John to know.
"Why did you climb into bed with me? Why weren't you...," Sherlock pauses. He's unsure what exactly to call the reaction he expected from John, "...disappointed?"
"Me?" Sherlock says crouching down. "Well I wished that you'll be my friend forever and always."
"Sherlock, we're already more or less in a relationship. We're just finally acknowledging it. I've been gone on you since the day we met."
"Yes, John, ruining the moment. I get all dressed up like this and lie down in my chair all sexy-like and you come in and have sex with me.
He's sorry for 'dying' all those years ago. He's sorry for coming back.
And John thinks, almost hysterically, that they are now the big bang, the creators of a whole new universe because now everything,
at an active crime and he probably
But not like this.
, has changed.
This makes Bethany snort into her wine glass which earns a dirty look from John.
John swears he can feel the temperature in the air drop a few degrees and a lifetime of dealing with other people's tensions has him up and off in the kitchen in a flash.
Is John that calm because he has an ulterior motive? He's a doctor and Sherlock has just become a medical mystery. Is that where his concern comes from, or was he being sincere when he said he was Sherlock's best friend?
"Yeah, it's me."
Sherlock can smell John's aftershave.
"Ok. I'm going potty now."
in control of them.
A fungus with a short life cycle that only takes over the hosts body. It needs to replicate and infect another host to keep going.
"Now, where were we?"
John watches as Sherlock gets up and escapes to the kitchen.
John let's out a pained sound and reaches toward Sherlock, but only lets his hand hover near Sherlock without touching.
"Are you...okay?"
And now he has a reason to sleep, to lie in in the mornings.
He opens his eyes as he hears Sherlock's chair scrape back on the floor, Sherlock is now standing opposite of him beyond the table. He starts to step towards John, but John can't have him near him right now. He raises a hand, "Don't."
Sherlock picks at the quick of his thumb. His nails are too short. He looks at it and frowns. He's started to bleed a little. The skin is torn.
No one else got to make him a Stargazy Pie for his birthday and watch with utter delight the gusto with which Sherlock tucked into it.
His vision goes black.
And Sherlock keens, loudly proclaims his undying love for this man.
He doesn't elaborate past that.
His mind is racing and hysterically it pulls up an old science show he watched once.
He fights the urge to fall asleep again, but it's a losing battle. He's out again in seconds.
Sherlock was smiling as he rolled his eyes at John still blushing from ear to ear, "Oh shut up. It's the most succinct word to define my urge to have physical contact with you. Now roll over."
Sherlock sits at his stool in the kitchen wearing pajamas and a house robe.
"Mmm..when I'm aroused it becomes nearly as sensitive as stroking my prostate. Almost too much really. If you pet it now it'll just feel
"John, John, John!" And just like that Sherlock is coming all over John. The sight and feel of Sherlock coming has John falling over the edge as well.
And then, after he says “Come back to this lady in one year’s time,” something very interesting happens. Mary rushes up to Holmes and gives him a hug…and he could NOT be more physically uncomfortable with that. I mean I found a gif of it:
I discovered through it that previous generations of Holmes fandom–the guys who invented the Great Game, and used to write articles about Holmes for the
But this is an interesting thing about ACD canon Holmes: he loves the London fog. Watson hates it; but for Holmes, it’s like his native element. Watson’s always glad to get the fuck away from London and its literally poisonous atmosphere, but Holmes is never impressed by the countryside. He’s a creature of the city. He loves all the things about London that horrify other people–the crime, of course, but also the dirt, the smells, the fumes, the noise. This is one of the things that makes the opening of “Bruce Partington Plans” so charming. His little speech about what an enterprising criminal could do in this fog is obviously fantasy–HE wants to be out there, slipping through the darkness, doing dark deeds and disappearing into the murk.
Regardless, it’s still a risk, and it’s still a huge responsibility. And that’s why I think the final scene, with Holmes lighting the confession on fire as he dispassionately talks about the case’s features of interest, means more in the adaptation than the conclusion of the canon story does. He’s openly destroying evidence–and thereby acknowledging to himself and Watson that the decision
But this is not followed through much in the rest of this episode. It’s mainly preparing us for what happens in the next episode–the tragic irony of Watson “applying” Holmes’s methods one last time as he reads, on the fatal ledge above the Reichenbach Falls, the story of Holmes’s final contest with Moriarty. What we get here, instead, is a return to the earlier, more carefree days of the partnership. On the one hand, it’s a little jarring, in that “Red Headed League” has Watson saying and doing things that don’t make a lot of sense at this point in the Granada arc, such as apologizing and backing out when he sees Holmes with a client, or delivering exposition that none of the viewers need at this point. On the other hand, it’s nice of them to give us that freshness and energy one last time before things get funereal in “The Final Problem.” I’m particularly fond of the way Holmes, as he sees Watson withdrawing, races for the door, vaults over the back of the couch (or settee or whatever it is), and drags him back in. My daughter treats our couch in exactly the same manner when it gets in her way. At the outset of the case, they seem to be in the giddy infatuation phase of the partnership, trying to suppress their joint mirth while Jabez Wilson tells his story, and getting each other enraptured over the prospect of their trip to violinland. (I love how Watson looks over at Holmes sitting there with his eyes closed half-singing along…he has this expression on his face which I can only read as “Jesus, Holmes, tag your porn.”) Watson’s little speech to Holmes about how he saw more than Watson saw is, at this point in the arc, kind of redundant; but in a way it also works: with all the progress Watson has made, Holmes is still so far ahead he can’t imagine ever getting there. I also love the moment at which, after the bank manager starts getting shirty about amateur detectives, Watson very politely tears him a new one.
John expects Sherlock to pull out of him, but he doesn't. He leans back and pulls John with him, his cock still inside John, softening.
Now it's Christmas Eve and Sherlock is in a mood and John is quite frankly disappointed.
Sherlock is at the kitchen table at his microscope solving something or other, intensely focused and generally tuning everything else out.
John is caught off guard. He wasn't expecting Sherlock to actually elaborate on his thoughts of John and certainly he had never expected Sherlock to admit to thinking about him
There's something about their light banter that makes John's heart squeeze and his stomach flip. He feels like he's flirting. Suddenly he can feel his face flush.
They eventually got out of bed. Sherlock hopped into the shower and John went to go make them a hearty breakfast.
John slips the little patch of fabric to the side and starts to lick and suckle as Sherlock starts to slide back up into him.
Both Sherlock and John turn beet red. Sherlock because that's the first time Rosie has ever referred to him as Papa and John because that's how he's been secretly referring to Sherlock for ages.
Sherlock ducks his face into the covers so the only thing visible is his eyes, the tips of his ears and his hair, "No."
Romantically
"I'm sorry."
"I'm sorry, John." Sherlock keeps his face impassive, blank, as he says this to John. He is sorry. For everything.
"Yes it is love bug." He gives Rosie a kiss on her head and so does Sherlock.
"John, may I ask you another question?"
Which is why John is very careful to never cook anything for Sherlock.
His love will be the death of them.
Suddenly Sherlock looks up and locks eyes with John.
John focuses on Sherlock's face and feels a familiar swoop of affection at Sherlock's currently perplexed look.
symptom. I know you and you'll get so distracted by the information and, I'm sure, questions you'll have, that you'll forget all about your food. However, you've just been through a major biological change in many ways akin to puberty, and you need all the calories you can get. Eat. We'll talk after."
This is a nightmare.
John scoots forward in his chair and grabs Sherlock's hands.
But of course it was only a matter of time until John caught him.
John is at work and Sherlock is feeling sick. He writhes around naked on his sheets, his body hot and sore. His spine feels like it's on fire and his head is throbbing.
John complies before Sherlock can finish asking. He's kissing Sherlock. Open mouthed and messy, panting.
from John, but a feeling close to embarrassment makes him want to.
It's Christmas Eve and the day is clear and bitterly cold. John is home alone wrapping his final gifts for Sherlock. A book, some socks, a new slide set, and...a letter. John turns the letter over and over in his hands. He wrote and rewrote this letter probably a hundred times. He's still not sure if everything written within makes sense, but there's probably never been a coherent love confession in all the history of humankind. After all, love is chaos.
John felt it as Sherlock's blunt head pressed against his hole. Slowly he pressed down as Sherlock pressed up. So slowly it was agonizing. John wanted to press down quick and hard, but Sherlock had his hands on his hips preventing him from doing just that.
He looks over the medieval text again. While the 'recipe' doesn't specify it specifically will make a man capable of carrying a child, it does explain that it can be used to help a woman who has been 'severely damaged' regrow the necessary equipment to carry one. So.
Princess Rosie have decided to grace us with their prescence this evening." John smiles down at his daughter and then up at Sherlock.
"Rosie! You startled us."
"I'm coming, just a moment."
"Uh, Sherlock? Not that I'm necessarily complaining, but what are you doing?"
John grabbed Sherlock's hand and pulled him down to join him on the couch.
Sherlock looks into the distance.
He climbs into the bed and lies ramrod straight unsure of how much contact is allows in this new intimate setting.
John lies still as Sherlock's piercing gaze gives a slow once over and his hands trail up John's chest, pausing only to gently brush against a nipple. "God, John you're perfect. I've always wanted to see what you looked like under your clothes, but I never expected it to be so arousing. God, the things you do to me."
That mullioned window behind Holmes includes a pane which is a mirror instead of glass, in which you can see Baynes reflected. There’s another window just like it on the other side, in which we can see Holmes reflected while the camera focuses on Baynes:
I’m not trying to get Zen about this; but the long solitary walks, the “meditations,” the hours spent communing with the weird death-laden landscape they’re in–all of this is new. Up to this point, he’s only ever sat still while either listening to music or smoking his way to the solution to a tricky case. This is him learning to treat himself as just as important and interesting as other people’s problems. Pouring out the vial and burying the syringe stands in for the renunciation of a way of being that he now understands is destructive both to himself
s distinctive visual style.
So what up to that point was an interestingly tense man-to-man confrontation–how can you not love Holmes promising to “crush” the hot sailor he’s nose to nose with–becomes the happy ending of a heterosexual romance, in which Holmes plays matchmaker. Possibly my favorite moment comes after Crocker refuses the gift of freedom for the second time, on the grounds that someone else might swing for the crime. Holmes turns around, and what he says is perfectly measured and reasonable, and yet his whole body is shouting “YOU IDIOT, will you stop being noble and let me HELP YOU!!”
"Certainly," I replied, "you are a grave temptation."
. It will cure whatever ails you. And then, come back here and let me regale you with the story of how “The Second Stain” gives an older, smarter, less pretty yet more vigorous Jeremy Brett the chance to KILL IT in an episode whose resolution can be read, if you want to (spoiler alert: I want to) as a homage to
Combat, also, does not appear to have been a strength of the Granada team. The boxing scene in “Solitary Cyclist” is really the only point at which I’ve ever fully believed in Brett’s fight scenes. The new Fight on the Ledge makes it look as if “baritsu” is the Japanese art of kneeing your opponent in the nuts and then pushing him over while he’s screaming. It’s also unfathomable to me why anyone asked or allowed Brett to let out a giant “YAAAAAAAA!” while he pounces on Moran.
Does that look like a blazing hot day in August to you? It does not. T. R. Bowen, who brought us “Abbey Grange,” “Priory School,” “Frances Carfax,” “Hound of the Baskervilles,” and “Eligible Bachelor,” has decided in his wisdom to take what is certainly the most gruesome of the early short stories–a case which was considered too horrifying to include in the early collections–and make it a Christmas episode. It’s possible that this change was dictated to him from above; but until enlightened by the better-informed, I prefer to see it as malicious yet effective way of making a horrifying story just a little bit sicker.
I particularly appreciate the use of close-ups in the initial interview with Lady Brackenstall; and here is where we start to see the impact of the adaptation. During the Hiatus, in 1897, Doyle fell in love with a woman named Jean Leckie. He was, evidently, unable to divorce his current wife, and they postponed their marriage (and, if you believe all you read, their consummation) until after his wife died in 1906. As a result, starting with the
While I was watching the opening credits of one of the earlier episodes, a few days ago, my 9 year old daughter came to watch over my shoulder. “What’s this?” she said. I explained. “Looks boring,” she replied, and walked away.
I wanted to be mad at Bowen about this, so I looked back at the original story to see whether Lady Frances actually makes a full recovery. I discovered that there is actually no information about that. Watson pulls her back from the brink of death, but we don’t know anything about what happens to her afterward. So in the end, I don’t think I can be mad at him, much as I hate this ending. It’s tragic, and it makes me angry. But in a way, it’s a commentary on Doyle’s own treatment of Lady Frances, who disappears from the narrative as soon as Holmes and Watson are done saving her. Bowen at least continues the story and gives Holmes an opportunity to take a good hard look at his own role in this debacle, and a hard stare into the future at his consequences.
romance is very important to that novel; and when you take it out, a lot of what’s left behind is unappetizing. If you’re going to gut the romance, then you better come up with something to add that’s better. And unfortunately, Hawkesworth really doesn’t–although he does do something
So when Holmes agrees, at least in my reading, he’s accepting not just the fact of death but the specific thing that Watson is telling him: that Holmes’s death is something that will happen to Watson too. And this is very important. Holmes came back in “Empty House” and made his confession and they made up; but Holmes didn’t really
Somewhere there’s a solution
Yeah, I know I said I wasn’t going to go there…I lied, all right? I cannot NOT GO THERE. The parallels make themselves and the inversions are just too fucking ironic. Once again, Holmes has been severely beaten and is lying in bed with Watson by his side…only this time,
Since he’s a decayed dandy still dressing as if he were twenty, there’s also a bit of a whiff of
Holmes occasionally has these philosophical digressions; but I have a special fondness for this one, because it shows him honestly bewildered–in a way that I frequently find myself bewildered–by the stupid persistence of “misery and violence and fear.” I watch the torrent of filth spewing out of the current president’s administration, and on one level I get it–playing to the base, etc.–and I can tell you all about the historical and economic and cultural factors that created that ‘base’, but on the most basic level, I just keep asking myself WHY. WHY do people want a world like this? I’m sure you are all answering that question in your heads right now, each according to your personal ideological matrix–but I’m not talking about politics, I’m talking about what Holmes calls the “standing perennial problem” of constant and apparently meaningless human suffering. “What object is served?” There are material objects you can name, of course; but the question cuts deeper than that. Roylott, for instance, in “Speckled Band” has a concrete object: he wants to hang onto his stepdaughters’ income. All right. What makes their income worth more to him than their lives? I DON’T KNOW.
All this is to say that I’m going to be discussing sexual violence below the cut tag, because it’s pretty clear that that’s one of the things really menacing Violet Smith in this story, even though Doyle never explicitly states that.
Holmes knelt upon the hearth-rug, his eyes raised to some invisible point in the middle distanc
Of course, I could be completely wrong. But even if I am, this is still a very enjoyable episode. It’s not a *great* Watson episode, but he does get to contribute to the solution, and Hardwicke and Brett have pretty much settled into a rhythm now. Paul includes a cute little scene in which Watson reverently explains Holmes’s methods to Musgrave, who looks at both of them like they’re nuts (this is dialogue that used to be in the narration in the ACD story, and I just want to point out that it is very much indebted to “The Purloined Letter”). Mainly, though, I have to take my hat off to both Jeremies here for making something fabulous out of what I always thought of as very dull material. Indeed, they have polished that old pile of rusty metal until it gleams like the diadem of Charles the First himself.
Lest I seem to be unduly harsh on a director who (unlike some others who have worked on this series) at least is taking the time to create an aesthetic, let me cite in my defense some evidence I believe I have discovered that Brett also got impatient with the gratuitous mirror shots. These things are not easy to set up–there’s the problem of the film equipment getting caught in the reflection, for instance–and during the encounter with Baynes at Wisteria Lodge, Hammond has obviously gone to great trouble to maneuver Brett and Jones into just the right spots so that the mirroring will work. It must have occasioned some delay in the shooting…in fact one wonders whether Hammond spent more on antique mirrors than he did on anything else in this episode. At any rate, if you keep your eye on Holmes after he steps into his room to change during their conversation with Eccles at 221b, you will see that the first thing he does after taking off his dressing-gown…
“Indeed, this metafictional conceit has already grown so unstable I fear it must collapse within seconds. Why not relinquish it, prior to the cut tag, and repair together to the Turkish bath. I feel a STRONG need to cleanse my pores of this particular escapade.”
The man calmly steps in front of Sherlock and Sherlock realizes he can make out the man's face. A blonde, youthful compared to him, though definitely not young any more, with stormy blue eyes. He's handsome and Sherlock wishes for a second he was younger before quashing the feeling.
John snaps his focus back to Sherlock. "Yes, of course." He avoids eye contact with Sherlock and turns back towards his blog.
Sherlock takes that in.
They both stop.
It just means at the end of it all, it will still be the two of them, in love, against the rest of the world.
Before Sherlock can respond John leaves the room, clearly overwhelmed.
John deadpans, "I'm starting to see the family resemblance now."
Sherlock let's out a huff of laughter clearly expecting a different statement or question and John can see him relaxing into the mattress.
"Can I kiss you?"
After a couple of moments kissing silently, enjoying the intimate press of each other, they separate.
And with that John's whole world tipped over. Mycroft was Sherlock's
"Holy shit, John. Do you not have any tastebuds?!" Lestrade pushes John's coffee back over and wipes his eyes.
But Sherlock said
"No. I didn't think you'd want that. I figure you'll decide when and how you want to share with others."
A man is seated across from him.
Sherlock for his part is equally startled and looks at John helplessly, "I'm not sure. I told you. I had a fever this morning and then I
The pub was a good idea John thinks to himself. He's much more relaxed now and ready to face Sherlock.
He was falling in love with Sherlock despite all his insanity.
He's so
He can feel Sherlock half hard inside of him, ejaculate slowly seeping out. The almost too rough feel of Sherlock's hand on his cock, lubed by only his own prejaculate. And finally, the feel of Sherlock's violin callused hands stroking and pinching his nipples.
"Am I doing something wrong John?"
Sherlock raises both of his hands placatingly, "I didn't just decide to. I've loved you a long time. From the beginning even maybe, though it's...more. Difficult. To parse those emotions. But I have loved you and do love you." Sherlock frowns at the lack of anything John is showing on his face. He continues in a small voice, "And I just thought you should know."
Sherlock gives John an insulted look, "Yes.
For her part Rosie seems startled that she upset the adults.
When did he become so old?
Sherlock turns around, now done with the groceries. "Her. I tried to tell her her daddy wouldn't mind if she did it, but she insisted. You have to put on the tree. Didn't know how to tell her you can't reach the tip." Sherlock says the last bit with a lightly teasing tone.
He decides to forgo decency and walks naked into the kitchen.
They kiss languidly. Exploring each other's mouths, nipping at each other's lips.
"Hey there love bug," John says as he leans down to pick up his little girl. She's four going on five and starting to get a bit big for him to pick up. "You have a good day with Sherlock?"
(See the end of the chapter for
John watches as Sherlock swallows and looks to John with a lost, distressed look.
The only lights in the flat are the kitchen overhead and Sherlock's bedroom. John heads down the hall and into Sherlock's room.
John is in the kitchen, humming, putting away groceries.
John watches in amazement as he witnesses something his never seen before: an embarrassed Sherlock.
The thought exhausts him and already he's drifting off back to sleep.
Hope you guys liked it even though it's a bit short.
It happens a bit faster then usual.
Sherlock's tail puffs up, clearly gearing for a verbal spat, but before he can say a word, the doorbell rings and two things happen at once:
Until the day the collapsed gravity of everything they've never said swallows them whole.
And it's in the morning when John says,
He feels like he's missing something.
God, why did it take him so long to see what was right in front of him?
Just a tiff.
"With all my heart John, whether you do or not, for the rest of my life unwavering."
ever had."
"You know. I wasn't actually hitting on you that first night." John sets his tea down without taking a sip.
Sherlock doesn't know what to make of the man's question answer, but it makes him unspeakably sad.
"Let me have a sip of your coffee."
He can't even say the words. He feels like his heart is falling and by the end of this conversation it will hit the ground and shatter.
John just keeps staring awkwardly, mouth open, ogling the sight before him.
"I would if certain persons would remove themselves from obstructing the stairway."
Rosie shrieks with laughter, "No, daddy, stop! You have to put me down! I have to get Elsa ready for dinner!"
There is no wind in the fields and the humming is incrementally louder.
He wanted to touch him with his hands, with his lips. Bring him to the peaks of pleasure over and over again. He wanted to show him for the rest of their days on this earth how much he loved him.
It's disconcerting to look too long.
"Don't be absurd. You wouldn't agree to sex with me unless you were overwhelmed with lust. Ergo, the outfit and the breasts."
There's a long suspicious silence before John responds, "What for?"
He hates how meek it sounds; how plantitive and small.
"No."
A short while later he wakes to a quiet tapping sound. Disoriented at first, he remembers he's at his sister's. It's clearly the wee hours and then he hears it again. A tapping against the sliding glass door to the backyard.
"You're serious."
John lets out a short, quiet laugh. "Of course you do." He turns and faces Sherlock. He's mad at the man before him, though he can't quite tell for what in the chaos of emotions running through him. He can feel his adrenaline spiking. "Why?"
John gives a short back of laughter. "No, thank God. Could you imagine the shedding?" He gives another low chuckle before getting serious again, "No, no fur, but there are some behavioural things. Some of which I think you're already experiencing."
But something is. His body begins moving of its own accord to circle the table.
Sherlock's quiet a moment before looking at John with a small smile and narrowed eyes.
"You're dying. This is sort of a limbo."
"Of course John."
He knows that he is loved.
, but certainly significantly more then the average citizen) and combined with his deductive techniques parse out the liars and murderers.
He knows he will never forget this moment.
John puts Rosie down, but instead of running off she tugs on Sherlock's pant leg. "What did you wish for?"
Sherlock said he thinks about him.
"Pretty sure chairs are for sitting."
They sit there quietly, looking into each other's faces. John revels in the closeness of Sherlock. He knows what he wants next.
But for what purpose? Why go through the trouble of taking over a host's body, but not it's mind?
"Ok. Did your class speak of how they became better?"
And how he collects those moments now!
John gives a huff and starts to respond, but is cut off by Lestrade clearing his throat.
John feels Sherlock shift and then the tentative touch of his hand on his waist. He can feel the heat of Sherlock's hand through his sleeping shirt. It's a warm comforting feeling.
"I'll get the plates then. Sherlock could you pull the takeaway out of the bags?"
Sherlock gives him a smirk and leans forward towards John squeezing his breasts together causing the fabric to soak.
John just blinks a moment and then falls into his chair, "When was last time?"
John wasn't sure if the feeling in him at that moment was intense embarrassment, anger for having that flung in his face, or sadness that Sherlock could be so callous about his feelings. Probably a combination of all three.
The impossible feeling of John surrounding him.
Sherlock relaxes and leans into John's hand slightly while John speaks, and when John finishes what he has to say looks into John's face, into his eyes, "You will?"
************
"Ruining the moment?"
John stood. "Right. Well, I'm hungry and I don't want to go through any more of this conversation."
And next to him is a one John Hamish Watson, looking young and
It's quiet a moment and then Mycroft speaks, "You must."
John, of course, was surprised given Sherlock's obvious new condition.
Sherlock and John clean up their places and wrap up the leftovers, then head into the living room.
"J-," Sherlocks voice breaks before he tries again, swallows and whispers, "John?"
"Us. In a relationship."
The next day they awoke to the sound of someone's phone camera going off.
John looks at him and frowns, but stands up and holds Sherlock's hand as he gets up.
Where they're going to go from here.
It curls around him and despite the fact that he abhors it touching him, reminding him of how he's changed, it's also comforting in a way. It eases him in the same way as crossing one's arms.
No stitches at least.
No, John wasn't falling in love with Sherlock; he was already clearly head over heels.
He falls asleep.
He watches John marry Mary.
Sherlock turns the darkest shade of red John's seen yet and starts blinking rapidly, his mouth falling open, clearly speechless.
John let's out a bark of laughter at that, "I suppose we can't."
John watches pleased as his words cause Sherlock's blush to turn the tips of his ears pink.
"I'm sorry, John. I didn't know. I don't know."
John wrinkles his forehead and quirks his lips into a half smile, "Want? For a fairly long time, but I didn't really consciously acknowledge it until..." John coughs awkwardly and continues roughly, "Until you. Um. Died." He looks down at his hands and frowns.
Sherlock gives a low groan and then in a deep voice, husky with arousal, says, "I want you to ride me John and then when I'm close I'm going to flip you over and pound into you hard until I come, but you won't. Not until I let you."
Sherlock is screaming in his mind for John to run, but nothing comes out of his mouth.
"Still. I haven't said and I would like to let you know John that I've been in love with you since the first time we met as well."
His body is not his own.
He realises he's standing, but he doesn't remember standing. Doesn't remember thinking he wanted to be standing.
John turns around with the plates and says in a deep voice, "Obviously, Princess Rosie," and then looks with Rosie to Sherlock, who smiles and says in his deepest voice, "Obviously."
He takes a deep breath over the pot, inhaling its sweet cherry scent and exhales fully into the murky pot. Immediately, it changes to a dark black colour and stops boiling.
The cat is a dainty grey tabby. Sherlock first brings her home mid September, her owner the victim at a crime scene. While John has always been more of a dog person, he also can't say no to Sherlock when he's so clearly delighted.
John gives a short laugh of his own, licks his lips, and bites his lower one slowly, "Only a few thousand times. Give or take."
Sherlock said he doesn't feel things like that and John suspects that whatever it is growing between them is more instinctual on Sherlock's part and less a deliberate choice. More a response to the increasing fondness John has been directing his way. Mirror neurons and all that.
Sherlock drops the folder on the table and quickly leaves the room.
? Why? What do we gain from this?" John takes a deep breath amd wills the tears in his eyes away. "No. Do you know? Do you
"Now we wait the day out until we can go out tonight."
Their kisses go on for a while and then John shifts and presses himself down into the hard bulge in Sherlock's trousers and it's like a fire has been lit in his veins. Their kisses deepen and Sherlock begins nipping at Johns lips and- oh! John likes very much being snogged within an inch of his life by the world's most observant man.
John sees it for what it is. Sherlock is nervous and he's falling back into habits. Posh habits for keeping a stiff upper lip.
Standing in the back yard is Sherlock. He's forgotten his hat again and John can see the way his breath curls out with every exhale.
Sherlock feels John pull back from him so he takes the opportunity to roll over and face him. Sherlock notes that John doesn't remove his hand from his waist. Sherlock searches John's face, who is currently looking at him with equal parts bafflement and concern. Sherlock just shrugs.
He pushed open Sherlock's bedroom door to the comical sight of Sherlock trying impossibly to button his already too tight shirts over his now considerably larger chest area.
"Thought I might scare you or something. I didn't want to lose any of this. Of our lives. You."
He closes his eyes as John knocks on his door and calls his name again, then after a moment slowly opens the door.
"Sherlock. I need you to listen to what I'm about to say. I need you to know that I have not lost everything I've loved because of you. You have given me everything. Everything Sherlock. If you are darkness, then I'm the corner that embraces you. You are my world.
"It won't get better than this."
"I'd love some."
"The right thing?"
"Alright then. After dinner we'll go. I'll bring a pack snack too, since I'm sure all that activity will make you hungry." John smiles back at Sherlock and Sherlock starts purring again. He's really got to figure out what's triggering it, but he'll do it later. Right now, it's soothing and it makes John's smile wider.
Sherlock contemplates John lying to him, or worse: simply being unfaithful, and the fierce feeling of
John picks his little princess up. "Oh is that so? Well why don't we all put it put together at the same time and then we can all get a wish. Can we do that?"
Harry and Bethany laugh at Sherlock's forward request.
"I won't."
John opens his eyes slowly and feels his chest tighten at the look on Sherlock's face. He's never seen him look so unsure before.
Sherlock keeps his face turned from John, but his ears and tail betray him. His ears twitch down, flattening slightly, and his tail begins lashing anxiously.
He snuggles into John, because John is right, he does want someone to hold him and tell him everything is going to be okay, but rather than just anyone, he has the one person he wants to hold him already wrapped around himself.
But it is Sherlock, so perhaps he didn't mean it the way John heard it. He can be dense like that sometimes. John decides to respond with levity.
"It's true we're older now. Older then when we first met for sure and only made older by all that we've been through. However, I don't think we're too old for this. Quite the contrary, I feel young in my love for you.
Sherlock nods his head sagely.
John is bewildered enough by the change in topic, that he loses grasp of his irritation and stands as he is asked.
John gives Sherlock's body a good look starting at his toes all the way to his...his..., "Oh God. You have the cat ears too."
And he realizes it's because the cold is in him. It's in the hole in his chest left by one army doctor decades ago.
Sherlock however cooks for John regularly. Which honestly surprised him the first time it happened. Given what Sherlock could taste from others and his natural reticence to share anything personal (John quickly learned personal questions of Sherlock's past were pointless as they only earned him a blank stare.) John had assumed Sherlock would be disinclined to cook.
"I mean that you're the only person for me Sherlock. I love you in all the ways that matter. I want to be with you. I want to grow old with you."
"Yeah. I've been talking with the higher ups and-"
Sherlock's look changed to one of puzzlement, "Whatever for? His visit will be infinitely more bearable with you by my side."
"Yes, you were really here in the late 1800s mooning over him."
So what is he?
Mycroft purses his mouth in displeasure at their rumpled state. "I'll just be leaving now."
He vaguely recalls a nightmare of drowning.
"I'm fine. Just go get our damn food."
"Snow! How exciting. Well when it snows we'll have to build a snowman, how about that?"
And its hard to find another's faults with your fingers in their mouth and your heart in their hands.
Sherlock smiles at John and reaches out for him. John steps forward and Sherlock takes his hands. "Dance with me John?"
"Sherlock, are you okay?" John had asked him one morning recently.
and somehow just as Sherlock remembers him when they first met.
John takes a sip and tastes the familiar warmth, but no sadness or whatever caused Lestrade to cry. "I don't taste anything sad?"
As someone who prides himself on his ability to conceal, to hide everything behind a mask of cold indifference, this is the true horror. He can get used to a tail and extra ears, can even rationalize their value, but they leave him so vulnerable.
And someone is holding his hand.
John sets the water on the bedside table and climbs into bed with Sherlock.
"We can try...again?" Sherlock gives John a dubious look, "There has to be a catch."
He's so focused on his thumb, he doesn't realise John is there and covering his hand to stop him until he is.
Sherlock gives John a glare before continuing, "As I was saying, please don't be alarmed, but I have grown a cat tail and ears this afternoon."
John who knows just how to handle Sherlock. How to touch him in all the right ways. Where to lick him with his soft pink tongue, where to apply his mouth and the perfect pressure with which to suck.
It does not affect his mind, and, true, he had sometimes wished to be just that, a mind, to remove the burdens of his transport.
To the both of them.
"Because I thought you knew I loved you and didn't want me to. I thought you knew and now I know that you don't. Didn't. And that's my fault. I should have. I should have just said. I love you. Always have."
Why doesn't John just leave?
The morning is when John thinks he loves Sherlock the most. Before he's up for the day, before he assumes his role as Sherlock Holmes, consulting detective, to face the world; in the early hours when he lies wrapped in John's arms and he is just Sherlock.
After a few moments of sitting together half embraced, Sherlock relaxes a little. John has always steadied him. John takes a deep breath when he feels Sherlock melt into him slightly. Then he begins to speak softly, intimately into Sherlock's ear.
delight in watching them pussy foot around each other.
"And I don't think we've wasted all of our young years. I think they were spent exactly the way they needed to be to bring us here."
At the mention of behavioural changes Sherlock gives a grimace, his ears flatten, and his tail lashes agitatedly, but he doesn't interrupt.
He pulls it out of him and up into his arms and realizes his second child is a baby girl. He's just given birth to a baby boy and a baby girl.
John is hesitant, but pushes his cup over. Lestrade takes a small sip and promptly starts tearing up.
Sherlock helps John remove his tops and then John helps Sherlock do the same.
Sherlock scrunches his face. "Is that another cat symptom?"
"Completely. Feel free to come closer and see for yourself."
Sherlock gives a weak smile, "I'm sorry John. I would never encourage Rosie to refer to me as Papa and please be assured I will discourage it from here on out."
If she really didn't want him to take any samples though then she wouldn't have left him alone in the viewing room.
Sherlock lowers himself back down against John and the feel of their bare skin against one another is electric. They rut together again and it's wholly different without clothes on. For starters, it's a lot
He pulls the drawer of his dresser open, grabs some clean pajamas and slips them on. He looks into his mirror and frowns at what he sees.
John can feel Sherlock's tension and stops his petting to grasp Sherlock in a tight hug and quietly whisper in Sherlock's ear, "It's going to be okay. It was just a dream. You're here in London, in 221b and I'm here and I'm not going anywhere Sherlock. I will never leave your side again."
Sherlock scowls, "Then leave."
Sherlock throws his hands up and flops back in his chair, "You were headed home. Clearly it doesn't have an
But, if he's honest with himself, he'd miss the insanity; the ridiculous bullshit Sherlock puts him through.
And John understands. He knows what Sherlock means. And he won't let him fall. He won't let him down.
"Oh my God, Harry. You can't have a lovers quarrel if you aren't lovers."
"It won't get better than this."
"Good evening John." Sherlock's voice is impossibly deep and husky and John is simply too stunned to speak.
...Who's watching him with a look of absolute shock.
Sherlock gives John an affronted look, "Why on earth did you never say anything?"
Sherlock's face turns a cherry red high on his cheeks as he whispers to the floor, "Sexually."
Dinner is a delicious affair and they sit around the fire for a bit sharing stories: Bethany and Harry telling John funny stories of gift shopping and John of Sherlock. Eventually it gets late and they all decide to go to bed.
They will have their tea and sit side by side on the couch while they do. They will hold hands and whisper what they want, what they hope.  And then they will go to bed together and wake up together.
Sherlock gives a sly smile, looks back to the body, and says lightly, "Besides, you're adorable when you're distracted by me."
John shakes his head. "Finish eating, we'll talk after breakfast. There's a bit to go through and I don't want you getting distracted."
He feels as the fungus controls his limbs and opens the fridge. It gorges itself on whatever food is in there, not bothering with utensils, but simply using his hands. Then it heads to the sink and begins drinking from the tap. Swallowing mouthful after mouthful of water until Sherlock feels his stomach distended in pain. It stops then and holds Sherlock's body perfectly still.
The man tilts his head slightly and responds, "Are you forgiven?"
**********************
He feels sick. It's a heavy feeling in his stomach. A tightening in his lungs. A tension in his muscles.
It's waiting.
John frowns to himself a moment, "Yeah...usually you'd just ask me. What is it?"
And like that they're both laughing. Completely and fully shaking with laughter. They laugh until they're both gasping with cramps in their bellies.
John can't help but smile at the audible confirmation that his words have affected Sherlock in some way. He slowly starts stroking his hand across Sherlock's back, fingers occasionally grazing the curls at his nape. Sherlock's blush recedes, but his purr remains constant.
John can feel Sherlock press closer to him and hide his face in John's shoulder.
"Look. His nibs is being a prat and clearly doesn't want me around the flat and it's bloody cold outside, so yes, I thought my sister might welcome me in with loving arms."
"It doesn't matter. Now we know. And we'll be cooking together from now on."
Sherlock stirs the pot. The room is filled with a scent similar to cherries, but somehow sweeter and more delicate.
John doesn't follow.
"I love you." John's eyes go wide. He hadn't quite meant to say it so simply, but he did and he does love Sherlock. "I didn't mean to say that so bluntly."
He loves having John back.
He can't stop picking though.
John winces and looks chagrined. "I thought I was doing the right thing."
And, God, John is so willing to let him. To give into anything for him.
Sherlock starts blinking rapidly and gaping at him. John's seen this a couple times before. He privately refers to it as a 'reboot'. He knows if he waits a moment Sherlock will finish processing and continue the conversation.
John sqawks unattractively at Sherlock's announcement.
He walks aimlessly for about an hour until he hails a cab and ends up at his sister's house.
John smiles impossibly wider, "Oh, very good. Yes."
He pants on the floor for a moment and then struggles up onto his elbows to look past his still considerably rounded belly, to the baby on the floor. It's moving gently, its body covered in blood and birth detritus. Sherlock angles himself for a better view and realizes it's a boy. He's just given birth to a baby boy.
in your cup?"
Once the doors open John heads straight for the break room and the coffee machine. He dumps the grounds and makes a new pot. Once it's brewed he pours some into a cheap Styrofoam cup and hands it to Sherlock.
They lie like that, just breathing, for a few minutes, until John looks over at Sherlock and quietly asks, "How did you know I'd prefer to sleep on the left?"
"No? You have no fucking say Sherlock." He says as he forces his way past Sherlock and down the stairs.
"Or maybe it's just
He answers and says 'Yes' before John can even ask if he's welcome back.
Sherlock forgets that he is old and that his limbs ache and that he has no wind left in his lungs. He flings himself from his chair and runs as the waves as tall as mountains crash into the cliff swallowing the man, the lawn chair and everything else in its wake.
He knows. He knows he's no good.
made it.'
Because John keeps surprising him.
"Sherlock. I'm not going to be getting a new wife, ever."
'I'm sorry I loved you.' is the last thing he thinks.
"No. Just shut up and come with me."
Sherlock raises his brow, "What?"
"Of course I am." John takes a deep breath, then finishes, "I love you."
John pulls his hand back quickly and gives Sherlock a questioning look.
He thinks back to yesterday evening and how John had been so understanding, despite this being an absolute shock.
My bad. This has gotten away from me and now it's going to be more chapters.
He won't get lost, but that's what they'll think when they eventually find him. He wonders if they'll find him frozen in the depth of winter or partially rotted and torn by local animals as spring blooms.
Sherlock takes notes, pleased with himself.
John's forehead wrinkles and his other hand joins the first keeping Sherlock from running, though Sherlock doubts he could run away at this point. He's not sure he can feel his legs. His whole body is numb.
"Soulmates aren't a thing, exactly. But that's what the others started calling us, the other people in the afterlife who stumbled across me following you around. Haunting you, really. Well, eventually word got around to this person who's like the mouthpiece for the higher ups. Abrasive, heavy smoker, and prone to cussing, but he thought there was something romantic and tragic about our situation. So he made me an offer. We can go back. We can try again."
John is keening. The feeling of Sherlock's soft breasts and the delicate fringe of his bra against his back while the man's cock breaches him, stretches him over and over again, is so contradictory and,
***********
Sherlock comes back into the sitting room with a full tray, complete with biscuits.
"I'm not a vampire Sherlock."
It isn't until a polite cough up the stairs a bit startles them.
John shrugs and they get into the cab.
"Hey, no. You have nothing to be sorry for. Nothing at all." John's voice is soft and reassuring, but it makes Sherlock want to cry all that much more. It's not right that John should be so gentle with him.
"No. You can't do this to me. You thought I should
The humming has quieted this time when he regains consciousness. It's only the gentle buzz of electricity. He can't open his eyes yet, so he catalogs his surroundings with his other senses. A steady beeping reaches his ears: ah, a hospital then.
After a moment they break away and Sherlock looks at John with a combination of astonishment and wonder, "Why did you never say anything or simply make me something before?"
He's plain.
"Always."
Sherlock watches with curiosity as the man's eyes shine with unshed tears and he holds Sherlock's hand to his face.
Watson warns his future flatmate that he has a dog; but it’s never heard from again, and the RDJ adaptation is the only one I can recall where Watson’s “bull pup” actually appears. Apart from that, when a dog is introduced into a Sherlock Holmes story, it’s a good bet that Watson’s going to wind up shooting it later, probably because it’s trying to kill someone (“Copper Beeches,”
So I wasn’t looking forward to it. But initially, going back to it, I was pleasantly surprised. Shaughnessy made some good calls, the most important being expanding Watson’s role. Hands down the best part of this episode is the first visit to Aldershot, where we see both Holmes and Watson in a somewhat new light. In Shaughnessy’s adaptation, Watson has brought the case to Holmes, and you can immediately see that Holmes’s attitude toward the military is completely different from Watson’s. Watson loves being back in the army atmosphere; his accent actually changes once he starts striding about the yard, and he’s so proud when he’s introducing himself to Major Murphy and giving his rank and regiment. Holmes, on the other hand, is manifestly uncomfortable here, and we find out why when Watson assures Murphy that Holmes understands the importance of keeping this on the down-low for the sake of the regiment’s reputation. For Watson, this really matters; it’s wrapped up in his notions of “honor,” and his own identity. But take a look at the military history Watson actually describes in
s Irene Adler’s theory that disguise is always a self-portrait. Huddled up despondently in his blankets by the fire, drinking tea out of a cracked cup, and responding submissively whenever the sailor he’s talking to bares his teeth, Holmes is re-enacting the misery of his morning funk, only without Watson’s company and moral support.
I was seated in my old armchair by a crackling fire, reading an evening paper and smoking myself into a better state of mind, when I heard Holmes's footstep on the stair. I heard him come in, but did not look up from the sensational item I was reading. It is a little luxury that I sometimes allow myself to savor: taking him for granted. He took just as little notice of me; it was the twelve feet of evergreen that commanded his attention. I heard him lift his pipe from its rest upon the mantel, and shake a handful of tobacco out of the Persian slipper. He tamped the tobacco down and searched for matches in the litter on the mantel. Not finding any, he took up a loose sheet of writing paper and began rolling it into a spill.
Anyway, Cranky Old Plaidder is capable of critical distance at this point, and so in re-watching “The Final Problem” I had a weird kind of double consciousness about it. Young Plaidder is still in there somewhere, basically just crying. Cranky Old Plaidder can’t help thinking about “The Final Problem” as a perennial problem for adapters. There are so many problems with the original story to start with; and then when you bring it to screen, you have to deal with the problem of outsize emotions felt by two characters who are, despite their obviously strong feelings for each other, still bound in their interactions by a strange formality. Right to the bitter end of the saga, for instance, neither ever uses the other’s first name in front of the reader. This gave rise, back in the day, to a hotly contested debate about whether, in H/W slash, they should address each other by first names or stick to Holmes and Watson. I don’t know whether people are still fighting this battle now. But I digress. My point is: with something like
adaptation of “The Three Garridebs.” One where enough work had been put into developing the relationship that when they finally filmed this scene, it hit you as powerfully as it does on the page. One where you had strong actors in both roles who were not afraid to make their characters glow with all that pent-up love and long-deferred desire. Many of us thought that
You are more than that
To be honest, it would be hard to develop Maria Gibson, because if she were actually a coherent three-dimensional character we would reject her behavior as completely implausible. In “Norwood Builder” Jonas Oldacre doesn’t actually
It is not meretricious
Anyway. So this is just one example of something detailed, sustained, and nuanced about Brett’s performance in this role that seems like a kind of amusing quirk but turns out to be far more emotionally significant than you might realize. The bottom line is that Brett was just a better actor than most of the men who had attempted the role before him. There are thousands of great actors in England, and comparatively few of them really make it. Brett spent some time toiling in the cultural salt mines, in both England and the US, but he was always better than the work he was given to do. In Holmes he finally had a part to which he could give everything he had.
is completely accurate; but Jones doesn’t act that way at all once they’re actually on the stakeout, because someone has to help Holmes do the exposition about Moriarty and that person can’t be such an imbecile that he hasn’t heard of Moriarty or doesn’t believe in him. But it is cool to see “Duncan Ross,” who’s very funny in a very understated way in his interactions with Jabez Wilson, reporting to Moriarty sans wig and eyebrows and deadly serious. (I also just appreciate in a meta sense the fact that “Ross” complains about people using wigs and paint to cheat, because Granada Holmes does the same; there are so, so, so many really bad wigs on this show, to say nothing of whiskers and moustaches that are clearly stuck on with spirit gum.)
In the slush and the frost
They waited too long.
Of course, this effect must be partly, and may be wholly, in the eye of the rewatcher, and is always more intense in hindsight. Certainly that goes double for me at this moment. I started this rewatch as a way of escaping from the real-world anxieties of the summer of 2017: the continued degradation of my country under a criminal and corrupt regime; the worsening climate crisis; my own chronic health issues; my wife’s cancer treatment. As I work through the series, though, I find that increasingly, instead of offering escape, what it really seems to be offering me is a way of confronting some of these same anxieties–including my fears about disease, decline, and death.
about it as much as you’d have to in order to find the second half of this episode compelling. Similarly, it’s hard to get a modern audience really anxious about the identity of the “monster” mystery beast whose prints are found at the scene. It’s from India. It’s a mongoose. So what.
With receptors out of order
When I saw “Twisted Lip” was up next, my first thought was: Do I have to? Do I really? To call the canon story ‘problematic’ would be an understatement; it is a festival of late Victorian prejudices. How, if your brand is being faithful to canon, are you going to take a plot which combines Orientalism, racism, and classism with contempt for the disabled and the poor and make a silk purse out of that sow’s ear?
So this montage starts out with a lot of shots of Holmes at the tomb where they have that first conversation about death. We also get the view of the sea from above, which reminds us that in a lot of ways this landscape replicates the Reichenbach setting: wild and sublime landscape, the most mountainous you can find in England, sheer cliff dropping down to a roiling body of water below. Sure enough, from there we get into the flashbacks to his fight with Moriarty from “Final Problem,” and to the shot of Holmes and Moriarty flying down the Reichenbach falls.
* Snakes don’t drink milk. They’re not mammals.
But none of that would prepare you for the plot Doyle creates for “Twisted Lip,” which he seems to have thought of as primarily a comic story. The basic premise is that Neville St. Clair, despite being educated and from a middle class background, has decided to become a professional beggar
Well, Jeremy Paul’s adaptation of “Naval Treaty” doesn’t do a great job of making sense of Holmes’s behavior; if anything, it gets weirder. After the first trip to Woking, as he’s headed off to bed, Watson says, “Are you all right?” A lot of things about Holmes seem to be off in this one, and it’s hard to know whether that was the result of intention or of the lack of it. But the theory does occur to me–and it’s probably occurred to others before me–that maybe, in fact, the point here is that Holmes is not, in fact, all right. And that this may have to do with the fact that this is, AFAIK, the only case in the canon that involves someone from
This episode also had a good director, and it really shows. Madden went on to make feature films, and you can see a lot of care and attention and creativity that went into shooting this which was just completely absent in HOB. I particularly love what he did with the fight in the bank–and I love the cut from Holmes turning around with a stricken look on his face as Lady Frances Carfax disappears AGAIN to this shot right here of these two lunkheads sitting silent and ashamed in 221B while Holmes tries–to borrow a phrase made immortal by @lyndsayfaye–to ‘murder them with his eyeballs.’
Well no one’s really healthy
I will miss them EVEN MORE, I am sure, once I move on to “The Creeping Man.”
’s take on this is, characteristically, freakier). This means visual parallels between Moriarty and Sherlock are an adaptation cliche (again,
The most freighted moment in that conversation comes when Holmes tells Watson that the bed in Julia’s room was bolted to the floor. Because it’s at that moment that the subtextual aspect of Roylott’s M. O. becomes clearest. Literally, this is about giving the snake a direct path to the victim. But that particular clue reveals how Roylott’s murder plot is a metaphor for sexual abuse. The snake comes with built-in phallic connotations anyway; and here’s Roylott deliberately setting up Julia’s room–right next to his own–in such a way that his ‘snake’ can get into bed with her in the middle of the night without anyone else knowing. Clamping the bed to the floor wouldn’t really be that important literally–the whole plan depends on Julia not noticing the snake until she’s been actually bitten, so why should she want to move her bed in the first place?–but it’s very important as a symbol of how Roylott is deliberately and cold-bloodedly destroying Julia’s ability to defend herself against him. All of this is of a piece with the rest of Roylott’s observable behavior. He isolates his daughters from their friends and family; he alienates the servants so there will be no witnesses to what goes on in that house; he surrounds the house itself with sentries (human and animal) that are loyal to him; he actively seeks to prevent them from marrying; he stalks and spies on them; and he has left visible bruises on Helen’s wrist. He could not be any more clearly marked as an abuser. When you throw in the fact that Helen and Julia routinely lock themselves in when they go to bed at night–supposedly because of the wild animals on the loose–I think we are safe in reading Julia’s murder as an allegory for sexual abuse.
"Why must you always make me out a jewel-thief?"
birthday is a pretty wild ride, and I won’t spoil it for anyone who hasn’t read this novel. Suffice it to say that the jewel and its curse give Collins a means of working through some very interesting questions about responsibility and guilt, especially as relates to the British colonization of India and the aristocracy’s treatment of the ‘lower’ classes, as well as some delightful occasions for skewering Victorian morality.
interiority. I 100% applaud this decision. It is a golden opportunity for character development, and for us to learn more about emotions that Holmes will never verbalize. Good for you, Gary, for seizing it.
Most of these episodes have a cold open showing how the client got into his or her mess, followed by the credits. The beginning of “The Blue Carbuncle’s” cold open is straight-up ridiculous. It’s an attempt to dramatize, in the cheesiest possible fashion, Holmes’s speech about precious stones as “the devil’s pet baits.” It’s the only real misfire—indeed, once we get to the Hotel Cosmopolitan, the rest of the cold open is a cut above–and I wouldn’t be so churlish as to bring it up if it didn’t give me an excuse to talk about possibly my favorite Victorian novel ever, Wilkie Collins’s
whereas Grace Dunbar always wears white:
but…it’s bad. The whole thing is awful. I mean I laughed, out loud, hysterically, throughout. And I thought, you know what, this one time I wish I could bring in Moffat and Gatiss here and have them do this part, because this hallucinatory mind palace stuff is something they excel at, and at which the Granada team, or at least this particular Granada team, evidently *sucked.*
That’s Nebuchadnezzar being driven mad by God, so I guess there is some thematic connection, and it’s also true that famous drug user Jim Morrison of the Doors got the name of his band from Blake’s
I let this hang in the air for a moment, with the firelight and the crackle of the flames.
For the first six episodes of this saga, Jeremy Brett was carrying this show. Of course he had a very talented accomplice in David Burke. But over and over in those early episode reviews I’d find myself telling the same story: this is riveting when Brett is on screen and boring, not to say ridiculous, when he’s not.
, in which a different kind of letter-induced political crisis is finally treated as secondary to the question of whether men and women, in this society, can accept each other’s weaknesses gracefully enough to continue loving each other.
Look, I like a good fanfic as much as the next woman, and one must acknowledge that “Greek Interpreter” is not an easy story to pad out to an hour. What happens on the train isn’t even all bad. Holmes & Holmes get to put their deduction skills to some practical use by identifying the baddies, and Mycroft gets to do something clever and daring. I also like the little touch where Holmes lets Latimer know who he’s dealing with not by introducing himself, but by using Watson’s name–because they’re now so inseparable in the public eye that to mention one is to unveil the other. So you know, I can sympathize with all this.
As regarding Hardwicke and Burke specifically…I find that the thing I miss most about Burke is his voice. Hardwicke is more soft-spoken and his voice doesn’t have…I don’t know…as much life and tonal variety as Burke’s does. Hardwicke also seems to be generally more understated, and although I can see possible payoffs for this further down the line, it does dampen the reunion scene a bit. One doesn’t feel the joy as much as one would if it were Burke. At least I don’t.
Moffat and Gatiss never did an episode based on this one, though they did incorporate Henry Baker’s hat into “The Empty Hearse.” There’s so much more they could have done with it, and which
Of course it really starts long before that. But Watson, as we know, has never been able to get Holmes to do anything he REALLY doesn’t want to do. The cocaine use is the prime example of that. So as much as he bitches about it, the fact that Holmes agreed to go on this holiday indicates that he really does take the doctor’s advice seriously, and that he really is starting to worry about his own health. Almost as soon as they get out to their remote cottage, of course, Holmes breaks out the seven percent solution. But although we’ve seen plenty of other scenes where Watson catches Holmes using, this one is really different. First, we’ve never actually seen Holmes in the act of shooting up before. He’s always either looking at the syringe and thinking about it, or just rolling down his sleeve and putting the paraphernalia away as Watson walks in. This time, we watch him tying off and trying to raise the vein, and we can see how agitated and desperate he is. We also see him rather pathetically trying to conceal all of this from Watson–and that’s also new. In the earlier episodes, when Watson walks in on him after he’s done the deed, Holmes’s typical response to Watson’s silent reproach is a brazen stare with which Holmes basically dares Watson to comment on it. This is the first time Holmes has betrayed any shame or guilt over using cocaine. And again, that’s got to be because he’s starting to think about the possible consequences.
for the pleasure of putting them on the list.” The song is an answer to a question that might arise, which is: why does this smooth criminal keep that incriminating book around? He keeps it around because it’s the whole reason he does what he does: he destroys women
OH YEAH. Wickham from
’s central African origins; we do hear the occasional bit of drumming in the soundtrack, but we don’t have to submit to anything like the festival of stereotypes that opens “Six Napoleons.” The lethal horror induced by the drug is instead referred back to the one fear that drives all others–death–and its close companion, loss.
But after this conversation, we see some signs that Holmes is starting to understand Watson’s position. He buries the syringe, thus finally kicking (at least till their Cornwall holiday is over) the habit Watson has been after him to stop from day one. But more important, he learns how to live without constant external stimulation. He lets himself just
A Fine Romance:
“Solitary Cyclist” is one of several Holmes stories in which the client is a young, unattached woman who is menaced by male predators scheming to get control of her money. All of these plots are based on the assumption that it’s damn near impossible for a woman in England to achieve financial independence. In England, until the Women’s Property Act was passed in 1882, married women owned nothing; all their assets became the property of the husband as soon as they married. Doyle’s plots still assume that a woman’s income and property belong first to her male relatives and then to her husband. Roylott in “Speckled Band,” Windicott in “A Case of Identity,” and Rucastle in “Copper Beeches” are all trying to prevent their stepdaughters from marrying because that will mean losing the stepdaughters’ income to their new husbands. “Solitary Cyclist” is unusual in approaching this plot from the other angle, with the villains scheming to force the victim into marriage.
’s “The Final Problem” drags “The Musgrave Ritual” into the whole Eurus mess. Every adapter has to read “The Musgrave Ritual,” because the opening paragraph establishes many of what have become canon details about the 221b sitting room (the Persian slipper, the V.R. in bullet holes, the jackknife on the mantelpiece). But it seems obvious to me now that the Granada adaptation of “Musgrave,” and especially those final moments, must have made a much deeper impression on Gatiss than the actual story. Water plays a much more important role in the adaptation, not only because of the staging of Rachel’s death but because in the adaptation, one of the locations has to be reached by boat. Now, unfortunately I don’t know how to make GIFs, but let me tell you about the way they transition into the Great Dinghy Journey, because this is the
circa “The Great Game.” Holmes makes a big deal about Watson’s decision to consult the house agents for information instead of going down to the local pub and getting all the dirt; Watson snarks back at him about it after Holmes decides to go down there and do it right.
Basically, all the evidence Holmes uses to deduce the existence of the snake is wack, which is a pity. But it doesn’t really matter to people’s enjoyment of the story; and that’s partly because a snake is never just a snake. In the case of “The Speckled Band,” the snake–like the cheetah, the baboon, and the other exotic animals roaming the grounds–is a symbol of Roylott’s ruthless and uncivilized nature. Doyle’s story blames a lot of what is wrong with Roylott on his exposure to the mysterious East, whence cometh deadly swamp adders (there is no “Indian swamp adder”), a knowledge of poison, and an inability to regulate one’s passions and appetites. So there’s Orientalism aplenty in “The Speckled Band;” but that doesn’t exhaust the snake’s symbolic possibilities.
And yet, I never finished the series. The change in Watsons was too much for me; I stopped following it after “The Final Problem.” This time, I mean to see the thing through. So some of these episodes are old friends, and some will be, to me, brand new.
The indefatigable antikythera42 tells me that “Abbey Grange” was actually filmed before “Empty House,” to give Hardwicke and Brett time to establish an on-screen relationship before diving into the Big Feels. Strangely, I find that I enjoyed both Hardwicke’s performance and their chemistry better in “Abbey Grange” than I did in “Empty House.” The lesson here, maybe, is that the Fall/Return episodes are just harder on the Watson; as I said in my review of “Final Problem,” Burke’s performance in that one isn’t uniformly convincing either. Or, maybe I just need an episode to warm up to the new guy.
Once they get back to 221B, things get more serious as their perspectives start to diverge. The way Holmes leads Ryder into his little trap once they get indoors is really a little bit scary. I mean if anyone ever asks you to draw your chair up to the fire in the tone of voice Jeremy Brett uses at that moment, RUN AWAY. He’s obviously furious with Ryder over the way he’s framed Horner— he looked like he was ignoring Watson’s recitation of the newspaper article, but now suddenly Holmes has total recall of all the details—but at first, it’s cold anger, wrapped in a velvety soft voice that almost makes it seem inviting. Watson pretty much drops out of the action, watching Holmes reduce Ryder to a quivering jelly, and then looking on aghast as Holmes lets him go. When Watson says he’s “surprised,” and Holmes snaps back at him, the emotions on both sides are all of a sudden intense and antagonistic. You see, for a moment, how deep the divisions go. Watson didn’t approve of letting Joseph Harrison go in “Naval Treaty” either. In this case, there really are no extenuating circumstances, and Holmes isn’t protecting anyone; one can only assume that he really does hate prisons and doesn’t want to put someone who’s not already violent into one. Watson, who speaks of his Army years as if they were the best time of his life, can’t see Britain and its institutions the same way Holmes does. But just as it looks like this might turn into an argument, the bells ring, and it’s Christmas.
Well, Granada Holmes was not
While searching in vain for a photograph showing both of them in Hamlet, I came across one of the publicity images for that production:
Which brings me at last to the letter. First of all…can we have a moment of silence, please, for the world in which potentates who liked to shoot their mouths off and say shit that could start a war if the wrong people heard it had to write that shit down by hand on paper, put that unique piece of paper in an envelope, and then mail it to the (single) recipient? Instead of blurting it all out on Twitter? All day every day?
so perhaps this is also a continuation of the drugs analgoy
One of the reasons I don’t reread stories like “The Red Circle” is that in general, I really dislike Doyle’s Secret Society stories. They tend to be less about Holmes and Watson than they are about the secret society and its fearsomeness; they tend to be more about terror than they are about the science of deduction; and usually, Holmes is more or less helpless before the onslaught of the Secret Cabal. They are also often quite paranoid, especially about immigrants, and definitely anti-revolution. You see this even in the canon “Golden Pince-Nez,” where much of the interest of the original set-up seems to be the eruption of political violence within an English country house supposedly “cut off from outside influences.” The Scrowers, Italian anarchists, Russian nihilists, the KKK–no matter who they’re made up of or what their goals or methods are, they all get lumped in together as shadowy international conspiracies reaching their deadly tentacles out to ensnare helpless victims who have fled to England to escape them.
, is clearly (among other things) an elaborate
Peter Hammond, the director, had his own ideas about how to sustain that grotesque note; and that’s mostly what I’m going to talk about below. In particular, I’m going to talk about Hammond’s thing with mirrors. And though I don’t plan to talk about
All that Christmas day--all through the visits and the carols and the dinner--I wore that crown. He wore it too. I saw it shining about his brow whenever I glanced at him, through our little throng of visitors. I saw it when Lestrade and Mycroft between them finally tore open the most recalcitrant of the Christmas crackers. I saw, in the tissue-paper coronet that Mrs. Hudson teased him into wearing, the phantom brilliance of all the gems he had never stolen. I saw it as we finally waved them all out the door, as the cabs rattled off down the street--the Phelpses, Miss Smith, the Lady Frances Carfax--even poor humble Sutherland, her face shining with pride in a job well done, basking in the praise she had not expected me to bestow upon her. I saw them all down the street and as I turned back to him I saw the crown, still gleaming about his temples. I look at him sleeping--my husband--and I see it still.
First of all, I think Paul may just not have received the memo about Watson’s marriage not taking place in this universe. The first line of Doyle’s story is, “The July which immediately succeeded my marriage was made memorable by three cases of interest in which I had the privilege of being associated with Sherlock Holmes, and of studying his methods.” Maybe that’s why their first scene together seems to assume that Watson is visiting Holmes instead of living with him (the detritus in the sitting room seems to come as a shock to him, and the implication seems to be that without Watson, Holmes has let himself go). Watson is eager to get Holmes to pay some attention to him, and Holmes is anxious about whether Watson really still wants to come along on the adventure with him. From the snarking Holmes does about Watson’s “legitimate work” you’d think he was jealous of Watson’s practice. And maybe he is.
So, in the end, this was less distressing than “Eligible Bachelor” and “Last Vampyre,” if only because there is so much less of it. It’s a real relief to return to the one-hour format with the familiar opening credits. They do a good job of staging the lifestyles of the rich and famous–the fancy dress party works much better than some of the other period set pieces they’ve done–and there are some quite endearing moments, such as when Holmes throws a piece of fruit out of the broken 221b window, and the little gem of a mini-scene where Mrs. Hudson gives Holmes the bad news about Watson:
Look at how beautiful this man was. Just…
I am over-reading, perhaps; but it appears to me that Holmes has had some kind of unexpected response to witnessing all this and is trying to understand what it means. He’s always considered love an “extra,” something he didn’t need and didn’t want; now suddenly the extras look to him like proof of the goodness of life. Maybe that’s why his parting message to Watson that night is so plaintive. And maybe the touch is one of the things that’s puzzling him. His snub of the king of Bohemia is obviously personal. But it seems to me like he’s trying to negotiate his way out of Percy’s handshake partly because he just doesn’t like casual touching. Maybe he’s reconsidering the role touch might one day play in his life.
to bring a murderer to trial is active and not passive. That letting Turner or Crocker or Sterndale go is an action in and of itself–an action that he’s always been too ready to take impulsively, an action with far-reaching consequences that he really ought to stop to consider. Holmes is as lost in his way as the “poor, helpless worm” he’s protecting. God help us is right.
"Present," he answered, merrily.
I thought I was noticing this in some of the earlier “Memoirs” episodes, but I think I can definitely detect it now: Brett seems much more at ease, and less obviously sick, in the 221b scenes than at any other time. There must have been something comforting to him about being on the old set that he’d been navigating since 1984, surrounded by actors he had known and trusted for years; and it was probably much less physically taxing for him than shooting outdoors. So the 221b scenes still have some of the life and the naturalism of Brett’s early performance; and that’s enormously comforting, especially after two episodes (”Pince-Nez” and “Mazarin Stone”) in which Hardwicke and Brett have virtually no scenes together.
Both Lestrade and Watson are trying to figure out WTH is going on with Holmes’s examination of Pietro’s body, and neither of them can do it, and that’s pretty funny. It turns out to be pretty entertaining to give Watson his own junior apprentice, so they can grouse to each other about what a hard-ass their teacher is and how hard they work–crashing on the couch, going out to Chiswick at 2am, hiding out in a cold gazebo where they can’t even smoke, etc:
stain on
or in
Well, maybe it mattered more to Bowen that Wilder dies for his crimes; maybe, like many another modern reader, he finds crimes against children more horrifying and less forgivable than crimes against adults, even when the crime against the child is objectively less severe. Holmes sends Watson off to follow Wilder and Arthur by saying, “You are now that boy’s guardian angel.” Watson is not great at being a guardian angel, but evidently it was important to Bowen that the grown-ups not just
In my last review I mentioned that I’ve never really liked “Bruce Partington Plans.” But I found the episode so delightful that I had to go back and look at it…and now I can’t understand how I could ever have maligned it so.
So this is big, for him: trying to let go of self-neglect and find a more sustainable way of being in the world. But as with any major life change, the decision may be sudden but the implementation is gradual, often partial, and always comes with stall-outs and relapses. Watson’s furious when the case turns up–another first, because in the past he’s always welcomed a case as something that will keep Holmes away from the syringe for a few more days. We don’t know if Holmes ever tells Watson that he’s buried the syringe; but Watson’s a doctor, he must figure it out. He’s angry because he’s afraid the case is going to trigger a relapse–not into the drug habit, but into the habits of self-destruction that have become part of his investigative method. And, in fact, he’s right; as soon as Holmes has a case, he snaps right back into his usual mode.
are turned over to the authorities (and Tonga is killed). “Boscombe Valley” is the first murder case in
work on a British jury. Watson’s change of heart is what gives Holmes enough confidence to hold the confession back until after the outcome of the trial. And Watson probably doesn’t realize any of this. Even after all this time, there are still some surprises left for Watson to discover.
Hawkesworth’s dramatization allows for you to choose either or both theories (they are not after all incompatible). Holmes does sincerely seem to be trying to shake Moriarty during the train journey (imagine: there was a time when you could just hire your own train). But there are two occasions when Holmes spots suspicious people who are obviously following them and lies to Watson about it. Maybe he doesn’t want Watson to worry about him; maybe he doesn’t want Watson to figure out that he’s trying to assassinate his arch-enemy. Either way, over the course of the trip, Holmes loses that hunted and haunted look he had back in London after the three assassination attempts. With every one of these near misses, he gets closer to being ready for his last bow.
He gives a sigh. He's exhausted, but feels his body give a final few pushes to expel the afterbirth. He needs to cut their umbilical cords, but he can do that in a moment.
