"You mean a quick one, like when you have to say hi to your gran, or with their arms round each other and really long like in the movies?"
He's so focused on watching John and on his own thoughts that he completely fails to register Mary's approach until all of a sudden she's at his side, speaking.
Tristram's not sure what that means at first. It takes him a while to match up 'she' with 'Irene/Godfreya', and that in turn with 'mother'. His mother. His mother is alive and wants to meet him.
"I assume we don't have an invitation," John says as he follows Sherlock up the bare metal stairs. The unpainted concrete walls are lined with exposed ducts and pipes.
"Life is a series of disappointments. I doubt this is even the first one that any of them have experienced."
Having established the context, John went on: "The first time I saw it was at a sleepover a couple years after it came out. I can't have been more than about ten. I'm not even sure my mate's parents knew he'd got his hands on the video, looking back now. Scared the living shit out of all of us. I don't think any of us slept that night," he finished with a wry chuckle.
Tristram isn't even looking at Emily's father when it happens; he's trying to get the little pat of butter unwrapped with one hand, and then it's as if someone has clapped a bell jar down over their table, and Tristram can't hear anything but Doctor Watson's silence. He freezes, becoming aware of a faint scent of perfume, floating so lightly on top of the smells of coffee and fresh bread and cocoa from their breakfast that he half fancies he's imagining it.
She nods and stands up. Doctor Watson sits on the floor next to Tristram and leans in close so he can whisper to him. "I know what you're thinking, and it's great that you're following your dad's instructions so well. He's going to be really proud of you. But I called them. Okay?" he says, giving Tristram an earnest look. "They're really paramedics, and there's really an ambulance outside waiting to take you to the hospital. It's not a trap. Do you trust me?"
"A movie about poison?" Sherlock was mildly hopeful. The other movies John had referenced hadn't sounded very interesting.
"Sorry," they both apologised. John had turned his head toward Sherlock, and all of a sudden their faces were very close. Sherlock inhaled abruptly, getting a whiff of John's scent, a cheap mixture of SureMen, Palmolive, and Voltarol. He was torn between stepping back and leaning in. His pulse throbbed in his throat.
"It's not... " John sighs but then purses his lips in a wry smile. "Yeah," he agrees, his voice soft. "My chair. And I'd be holding her — this would be before she could sit up properly. So I'd hold her, propping her head up so she could see you, and you'd be standing in front of the fireplace or the window, pacing back and forth while you played your violin, and we'd just sit and watch you. She would have loved that."
"It's obvious," Sherlock said to Stamford, because, truth be told, he enjoyed this part, and he certainly wasn't going to let Stamford off for dragging him into this. "First, you alerted me to the fact that you specifically received some news, so something personal. Further, it must be something you consider good news, judging by the fact that your face has been frozen in that ridiculous rictus since I entered the room. Most likely one of the big three: money, career, or family.
John was drifting at the edge of sleep when he heard the door open and Sherlock came in, lighting his way with his phone.
Sherlock would have to reassure John that he wasn't planning the thing this time. Lestrade had made that clear. Sherlock's duties extended only as far as bearing legal witness to the proceedings with his signature, keeping track of the rings during the ceremony, and giving a toast at the reception. (
"It's this or make everyone wait, which will make them think we're having sex anyway. Might as well actually have sex, it's a win-win," Sherlock said, sounding smug.
Sherlock had been careful the night before not to touch John anywhere too delicate, nowhere alarming, kept his hands above the waist and over his clothes. But now he found to his dual consternation and delight that his hands had somehow slipped inside John's pants to grip and knead his arse. John didn't seem to mind one bit. In fact, he responded by clenching his buttocks to thrust his hips forward and making very enthusiastic sounds, redoubling his efforts to unhinge Sherlock completely by means of applying his mouth to Sherlock's skin.
"No, it's exactly what they would expect. Which is why you will stay here with my mother and your daughter, and make sure that neither of them ends up being an additional opportunity."
Sherlock paused with his second glove halfway on and gave John a deep, mustering look. John held his gaze. There was determination, but also a fragility Sherlock had never noticed in him before. John had always embodied certitude, action, and both physical and moral strength to Sherlock, but there was also the side to him that said he was nobody, that called himself a wreck, that didn't think he brought anything of substance to the table. And, come to think of it, who - despite all his positive qualities - hadn't had any serious relationships in something like fifteen years. (Not that Sherlock's life was exactly a measuring stick for such things.)
"This is the first time I've missed school when I wasn't sick," Emily confides in him, once they've settled down to eat.
"You-" John smirked and wagged a finger. "Ah-ah, you're not getting it like that. You're going to have to earn it. And I suppose I am too." He closed his eyes briefly and pinched the bridge of his nose. "Fuck, look, forget about it. Doesn't matter. What I actually wanted to say was, when I said we'd be there tonight, I wasn't trying to arrange your schedule for you. I meant that I knew you'd be there because you want this to work out for these kids."
"Insults aren't arguments," she says, her words clipped. She turns to Doctor Watson. "I'm sorry, John," she says, more graciously this time, "but it's simply not worth rehashing."
"John, it's fine," Sherlock snapped. "I was simply never interested in any other permutation previously." He was now slick and loose enough to be able to get two fingers in, which was good, but his erection was losing steam again, due partly to having to split his attention and partly to the occasional twinge as he stretched himself from this angle. Luckily, John was still as stiff as a board, and had unrolled the condom over his length. Still, he didn't want to lose any more time.
to have fun yet." He looked John over as if sizing him up and finding him lacking. Then without any warning, he lunged and snapped his teeth loudly, snarling.
"I could. I was already finished and had turned in the paper but they wouldn't let me leave until the end of the time." Sherlock turned around to grin at John, who promptly cracked up.
Kate and Tristram look each other over, both equally wary. "You want me to show you how to tie some knots?" she finally suggests.
Doctor Watson chuckles at that, and Father looks pleased with himself - or possibly pleased that he's made Doctor Watson laugh. Tristram likes the way Doctor Watson's whole body seems to join in when he laughs. It's not just his face creasing and opening up, it's the way even his ears perk up and his shoulders shake and the sound seems to bubble up from the bottom of his toes. Tristram sneaks a peek at Doctor Watson's feet once when he's laughing at something else Father's said, and catches them shuffling against the hard-packed snow as if they can't contain their merriment either.
A glow of warm satisfaction floated through Sherlock at John's words. He went on to explain the rest of what he'd observed about the man. John listened, occasionally interjecting a 'How could you possibly' or 'Brilliant'. By the time he was finished, John had his elbow resting on the table, his body half turned to face Sherlock, and a faint smile on his face.
"No, no, we thought perhaps there was a problem," the woman answers. She is smiling now. "We saw the two children alone, and you were..." She glances at the spot where the snow is all trampled and broken up.
He had to play around with the dosage a bit to find the optimum level that would make John pliant and agreeable, yet not entirely unresponsive. The first time, at a dose that made Sherlock woozy, John simply fell into a rock-hard sleep. The evidence on the victims' bodies showed that they'd been awake and reactive, however, so that was no good. A lower dose had no palpable effect on Sherlock, but seemed to put John into just that easygoing, lazy state the perpetrator would have found irresistible.
I've based Gladstone on the dog from the Nativity! movie, not on the bulldog he is usually depicted as in Sherlock Holmes stories. Here he is in the movie: http://ic.pics.livejournal.com/swissmarg/10542995/42837/42837_original.gif and http://ic.pics.livejournal.com/swissmarg/10542995/43036/43036_original.gif
"Yes, very good," Sherlock agrees, "but it turns out there was no power to grab. Or, better: the power was already grabbed before Moran died."
When the match started up again, Sherlock was induced to go back with them to watch the second half, which was somehow less tedious than the first half had been. Alfred (Dimmock, but Sherlock was feeling magnanimous by this point) shared his nachos with Sherlock, and Sanjay spilled beer on his shoe. Greg pounded him soundly on the back when their team scored, and John didn't seem to care one whit that everyone thought Sherlock was his boyfriend. 'Your man's got it going on upstairs, eh?' 'Hey, pass this to your fella.' 'So if he's the best man, does that make you the best man-in-law?' Raucous laughter. John took it all with equanimity and good humour. They were all drunk. John wouldn't want to make waves. This was Greg's night. None of it mattered.
"Oh, John!" Victor exclaimed, oblivious, suddenly bustling around the desk. "So sorry, we're keeping everyone waiting."
"Come here," John says. He nudges at Sherlock until he lowers himself to rest his bare torso against John's still clothed one. John tucks him in close, and Sherlock slides his arms under John's shoulders and nuzzles into the side of his head.
Tristram waits until he hasn't heard any talking from the bedroom for several minutes before he opens his eyes again and ventures to speak.
But Lestrade was speaking over him again: "You don't even know when it is. And you will go, if I have to drag you there myself."
"No, no, stop-" Sherlock tried to say, but his protests were drowned by the children's enthusiastic shouts.
Although Sherlock could only agree, at the same time he had the unnatural impulse to reassure John. Guilt wasn't productive in this instance, and even though Sherlock was still hurt by what John had done - now compounded by the knowledge that he and Lestrade had discussed Sherlock's personal life - seeing John suffer for it didn't give him any satisfaction. Odd.
Mrs Holmes is standing behind her with her hands on Emily's shoulders. "What can we do to help, Sherlock?" Her voice is calm and steady.
"I thought the whole point of this was that we wouldn't have to go into hiding," John says with barely suppressed temper as Mycroft moves to his computer.
"Well done, Sherlock," Stamford said in passing with a broad grin and a clap on the arm. Molly Hooper, who was with him, gave Sherlock an eager thumbs-up.
Emily looks over her shoulder now, too; Tristram isn't sure whether it's to make sure that the adults can't hear them, or because she feels safer knowing exactly where her father is.
Lestrade looked down at his pocket as if Sherlock had just deposited the remains of his last experiment there. "I am not going to miss you doing that," he muttered, then whipped around before Sherlock could get away. "What- No, stop, Sherlock. Get back here." He grabbed at Sherlock's arm to hold him in place. "What do you think you're doing? I just had a phone call telling me this was all happening. I cancelled this show and I cannot believe you are-" He had to let go of Sherlock as a herd of angels plowed through between them. "You are sacked!" he shouted over the general furore. "You know you are sacked-"
And then around on the inside of his arm - because Father's and Emily's messages already took up so much room on the front side - is what Doctor Watson wrote:
"We were already inside, on our way up, when he said he needed to take care of the security cameras and I should go on without him and get set up. We needed to be ready by the time the meeting started, so it seemed prudent. Once I was in the suite with everything set up and he still wasn't there, I couldn't very well go back down looking for him. So I waited, got the scope lined up and prepared the window, and all of a sudden there was Sherlock in the middle of it."
Something like a whine breaks out of John's throat and he lifts his head enough to say in a broken voice, "Fuck Sherlock, you're gonna make me..."
But Tristram didn't think of all those things right there on the train, with Irene's hand around his wrist. All he had in mind was the vague hope of seeing his father again, and the convenient excuse of having to get away from the bad guys - even if Tristram never saw any evidence of them himself. And so rather than doing any of the things he could have - should have - done, Tristram followed Irene obediently through the carriage in the opposite direction from where John and Emily had gone. He is deeply ashamed to admit that he was even looking forward to a bit of an adventure with Father again, like the time they escaped from the hospital.
This, it hit him at that moment: John was doing this for him, not because he felt obligated to, but because he enjoyed it as much as Sherlock had enjoyed giving John pleasure. Despite the fact that it might be physically demanding, even slightly uncomfortable, the payback was worth it ten times over. And that thought, that knowledge, was what did it. Sherlock dropped his left arm down from where it had been braced against the wall and held the side of John's face, staring intently into those blue, trusting eyes.
Irene told him she saw John, that night she went out to 'put an end to this entire thing', and that he was in fine spirits. Father was there too, even though Irene said she wasn't going to see him. Tristram almost expected to hear something like that, but the little sting of betrayal or mistrust or whatever you want to call it still pricks a bit. Not only because it means that if Tristram had stayed with John, he would have got to see Father a whole lot sooner, but also because it means Irene lied to him again. Well, not lied exactly... It was one of those tricky ways of saying something so that it sounded like one thing but meant another. Uncle Mycroft does the same thing sometimes. Tristram can't always tell. He's going to have to get better at it.
They lie there silently, listening. Tristram fancies he might hear a voice, but it's speaking too low and indistinct for him even to tell whether it's Father or John. Maybe it's not even coming from inside their suite. There's definitely no sound of water running, though.
He wonders if Emily knows what just happened - that she won - but she nods blithely, no trace of triumph, and goes to bring her things into the bedroom.
"He didn't-" Sherlock starts to say, but John speaks over him. "You've got to take it off anyway, it's covered in blood. Just humour me and let me make sure that's all from your nose and you aren't bleeding anywhere else."
"Out!" Father growls. She winks at Tristram and walks out, giving the impression that it's completely coincidental to Father's order.
John pounces on that admission, all amusement suddenly gone. "You know something. Damnit, Sherlock, you-"
Uncle Mycroft would have taken Tristram if Father hadn't wanted him - the guardianship makes that clear. And maybe Irene would even have come back for him, if Father had told her he didn't want to be stuck with a baby. But Irene left him with Father because she
Doctor Watson goes over to stand behind Father so he can see the computer screen. He puts both hands on Father's shoulders. Emily joins them, leaning against her father. Tristram slides into the armchair on the other side of the table. He's not sure why, but it feels important that they all be together.
John's eyebrows shoot up, along with his hands. "Okay, whoa. First of all, I didn't let her do anything, she took him. You mean that wasn't what you intended?"
"Holmes, please," I pleaded, not knowing what to ask for. I wanted him to continue, yet I wanted something else, too, something more.
His father is still at his desk, illuminated by the glow from his computer screen. All the other lights are off. He's been there all afternoon and evening now, including right through dinner. Doctor Watson made them spaghetti. That's what they had for dinner at the Watsons', too, last week. Was it only last week? It seems so long ago.
"Oh God, they're starting." John's voice was laced with both tension and arousal, and his hips rocked gently forward and back, matching Sherlock's movements as he applied himself with focus and enthusiasm to his task.
John grinned and stuffed his hands deeper into his pockets. Which meant John wanted to kiss him but was being mindful of offending Stamford's in-laws' sensibilities. Yet another reason why he wanted to leave.
Tristram understands it's the social workers' job to make sure that children are safe and well taken care of. Which he is, of course. But he also understands that his living situation is unorthodox, and that the unfamiliar is often viewed with prejudice. And that his living situation, of late, has careened past unorthodox into alarming. Being kidnapped was bad enough, albeit clearly not his father's fault. Neither, to be fair, was him nearly eating a hacked-off finger and being stalked and shot by a hitman. But if anyone who doesn't know Father very well should piece all the bits together, a fairly unflattering picture of the chances of his continued health and well-being would emerge. That's all it would be, of course: a picture. He's fine, and Mister Tonga was never after him anyway. It was all a big mistake. But Tristram knows that other people have a way of not understanding that kind of thing.
The omega nodded and firmed his back, bracing for the inevitable. I watched along with the others now in breathless fascination as the alpha moved the buzzing apparatus forward once more, and this time when the report sounded and the omega croaked out, "Ten!" before collapsing into a shuddering heap cradled in his alpha's arms, I felt not disgust and shock but pride, relief and approval that he had withstood the test.
"With Tristram just now. She knew right away what was going on." Irene twirls the rack around slowly, perusing the selection.
to be here, with Sherlock. He was, apparently, enjoying himself, and Sherlock found that he was, too, even though they hadn't been doing anything particularly interesting, just talking and walking and sitting and – Sherlock took a deep breath. And now John was here and all signs were pointing toward a sexual encounter occurring sometime in the next hour or so.
Sherlock's eyes flash his own displeasure at John's imbecilic, self-indulgent rant. "You are not a failure," he says, every word bearing witness to its truth. "You have never failed me, John. You did not fail Gloria. You must know that. You gave her a lifetime's worth of love in those five hours. And I'm certain Mary would say you didn't fail her either. You have never failed to give anything but your best."
"Who was that?" John was standing at Sherlock's elbow, his combat-ready stance projecting protection rather than aggression. Sherlock had the illogical desire to call Moriarty back, just to make sure he saw it.
"Please tell me how exactly you did not benefit from striking a crippling blow to the organisation that killed your wife and sister-in-law."
Lestrade held up his hands in surrender. "Take all the time you want. I just need at least one of you here at seven o'clock."
Sherlock stopped when they reached the shop. "I... could get some beer. I don't really have anything else..." Unspoken assumption: John would be coming to his house, actually go inside with him, stay long enough for a drink at least.
She shook her head. "I didn't know about today," she swore. "About going to the studio. But I did know about-"
It figured that Moriarty would have chosen to base himself here. He'd suffered dearly under the prejudice that came with having his name, accent, and upbringing. The upper echelons of musical society were closed to someone like him, unless he had the kind of talent that only came along once a century, and Moriarty, for all that he was an accomplished musician, didn't.
Tristram looks at the pictures. "My hair's sticking out funny," he says, because it is. He hopes that's okay for the train ticket.
"I wish you'd let me go," Kate says. There's a bit of a pout there, but also a bit of disapproval. She holds out a small red handbag once she gets to the bottom of the stairs. It matches the red dress Irene's wearing under her coat. That was probably one of the things in the suitcase Kate brought her.
John's face screwed up and he took a step back. "What the hell- Where do you even get enough chicken blood to do that with? No, scratch that. Why would you want to do that?"
They end up having a late lunch in the restaurant next to the toboggan run. The waitress gives them a kids' menu with pictures of all the choices, which Tristram is happy about because it means he doesn't have to rely on Father to translate anything.
"Are they returning them?" Doctor Watson asks. "Why not bring them to Bart's? Not that it's possible to re-attach an eye. The tooth maybe, it looks like they got the whole root."
"No, it's fine." Truth be told, if Doctor Watson and Emily are going to be here anyway, Tristram would rather have someone up here with him, rather than everyone else together downstairs and him up here alone.
Oh yeah. There's no mistaking the suggestiveness in her tone this time, and John's anger—untethered from its initial target by his pathological need to present a united front in Janine's presence—redirects itself at her.
John follows the pattern Sherlock started, kneading and stroking in an almost hypnotic rhythm while he runs his other hand slowly over Sherlock's chest and arms. Sherlock's hand has slipped down onto John's knee, which he grips tightly. When Sherlock's body starts to tense up and his breaths become more intense, John leans forward and puts his face against Sherlock's, nudging and kissing until Sherlock surfaces from his internal retreat with a sharp intake of breath and responds with kisses that rapidly become passionate. He tilts his hips toward John, trying to get closer, and grasps John's hips, his back, whatever he can blindly reach. Then, as if suddenly remembering that John is sitting next to him completely exposed, he reaches down and takes him in hand again. It's an awkward angle, though, and he doesn't have much range of motion.
"Oh God, now, now..." John gritted out before throwing his head back into the pillow and grunting as he spasmed and climaxed, until he dropped bonelessly down onto the mattress, spent.
Sherlock makes a dismissive gesture with his hand. "I took care of the cameras earlier. They were on, but nothing was recording. 'Technical malfunction'."
John sucks in a breath and huffs it out again. "Because there are things I need to tell you. And they're going to be hard. And I really didn't want to. But I think it's time." He nods as if to punctuate his statement. "Right, so, you going to finish that?" He raises his eyebrows at Sherlock's drink. John's own glass is already empty, horse piss or not.
Sherlock shook his head and tried to catch his breath. "It's all right, it feels good," he said throatily.
"Yes, it is," he agrees. He puts both hands on Emily's shoulders. "Say good-bye to Tris. You'll see him in school tomorrow."
Tristram gets a tingly feeling in his head and stomach. A bad tingly feeling. John was going to take Emily and leave? Is that what the shouting was about? What was it that John found out that made him want to leave? Is he angry at Father? Are they really not boyfriends anymore? Is that why Father was sitting out in the living room in the middle of the night? All of a sudden, Tristram feels sick. Somehow he feels like this is his fault. He's not sure how, but somehow it has to do with him. John was going to take Emily and go back home and leave Tristram behind. With Father, of course, but he was still going to leave him behind. Maybe he wasn't even planning to say good-bye. Maybe he was going to wake Emily up in the middle of the night and sneak out like they did from Uncle Mycroft's.
"The hospital wasn't all that horrid," John said, amusement dancing on his lips. "The babies were cute."
"Daddy?" Emily is standing at the top of the stairs, still wearing her nightclothes, gripping the banister anxiously.
Tristram shakes his head in answer to her question. He wiggles his fingers inside his cast. It hurts, but not because of what just happened. He pushed her with his left hand. His right hand wasn't involved at all.
Sherlock turned off his phone and set it on the bedside table, then got under the covers. There was a bit of an awkward back-and-forth as they both tried to adjust the comforter so they were both covered without actually touching each other. They ended up lying on their backs, John with his arms under the blanket and Sherlock with his on top. John could smell the cold air and cigarette smoke lingering on him.
"Here is fine," he says, therefore, as they half carry and half slide the coffee table aside to make room for the couch.
Sherlock grasps John's arms, pulling him closer, holding him in place so he can nudge John's lips open farther, nuzzle against his cheek, lean his forehead against John's and suck the breathless gasps out of his mouth.
"It is." John heard the smile in Sherlock's voice. He lowered his hands and looked over at his friend. His truest one. His partner. His lover.
Emily's Aunt Clara sent her up to get ready for bed at eight forty-five. Now Emily's curled up in an armchair with a crocheted throw over her, staring at the telly.
John holds his eye. His anger and unhappiness is still there, but there's determination and resolve, along with something that not even Sherlock's deception can extinguish. He takes a deep breath and prompts, "Tristram and Emily?"
Tristram shakes his head and takes in a slow, controlled breath to show he can do it on his own now. It ends up being a bit more shuddery than he would have liked, but he's able to fill his lungs about halfway now, which is a great relief. He takes a couple more, then knowing he can't sit there with his eyes closed forever, blinks them open.
So Sherlock was coming in here while John was out and lying in the bed. It wouldn't let John go. He knew the reason. Of course he did. As faintly as the sheets smelled of Sherlock, they smelled that much more of John. It didn't take a genius to make the deduction.
"I don't think he saw anything, Sherlock," Doctor Watson says quietly. "It's more of what I was telling you last night."
I widened my eyes and pressed my lips together, not daring to so much as glance in the direction of the offending part, for fear it would draw other, unwanted attention to it as well.
"Holmes, this is no light matter," I said with a disapproving frown. "The man is notorious, the worst of his breed. There's no telling what he might have done."
I had hated Mary Morstan, at first, when I realised Watson's intentions. Her fresh countenance, her gentle, well-modulated voice, her delicate hands were like red-hot pokers stabbed through my flesh. When that had burnt itself out, I hated Watson, and finally myself. Miss Morstan had not taken Watson from me. He had left of his own accord, and I could not, in the end, blame him. At the root of his abandonment was the fact that I could not offer him what a wife could. Security. Social respectability. Our dalliance was fine for recreation but nothing a man would want to look back on as his legacy. Or so said my brother. I did not tell him that I should have died happy, had I achieved nothing more in life than to have Watson at my side for it.
"I think you'll find he has," Moriarty said, still not taking his eyes off of Sherlock. As he spoke, he came closer and closer. "You're dancing to his tune. They all do. He's the pied piper, only he doesn't want anyone to follow him. Do you? Always running away, Sherlock. You ran away from your family... you ran away from the conservatory... You ran away from me." Moriarty was so close now that the front of his coat brushed against Sherlock's chest.
Well, he can breathe better, but he knows he messed up. He shouldn't have pushed Emily. He hurt her.
When they separated the next time, Sherlock ducked his head before John could catch another kiss. "Someone's at the living room window. My mother, I think." His voice was satisfyingly breathy. His mouth just as satisfyingly reddened. He didn't look embarrassed, though. More like he'd been caught doing something he wasn't supposed to, but was secretly proud of, a grin percolating as he peered out the windscreen.
"Yes, fine, on the way then," Sherlock said, practically tapping his foot with impatience. There were so many things he could do while John ran through his spiel about safe sex and how they- Sherlock froze for a moment. Damn. He didn't actually have any condoms. But there were still lots of things they could do, he reassured himself, and anyway right now he wasn't interested in an orgasm per se, but in touching John's skin and reading what was written there and
Once John sat down, Gladstone circled a couple times in the remaining space, then flopped down with his head hanging off the cushions.
John just lay there with a confused expression, shirt rucked up, hair mussed, mouth puffy and red. "Where?"
It was true, Gladstone seemed to be taking to John as well as the children had. Now John was talking to the dog, saying ridiculous things, as if he could actually understand. Gladstone's tail was waving furiously, his tongue lolling out of his mouth as he appeared to hang on John's every word. Sherlock felt an irrational stab of jealousy.
"Yes, I'm already sacked, there's not really much else you can do," Sherlock pointed out. Why Lestrade insisted on this tedious exchange of obvious facts when Sherlock really had better things to-
"Cheeky." John drops his clothes on the floor and pads over to the bed, holding the towel at his hip with one hand. His lips curl into a warm smile. "That's lovely, that is."
Sherlock sees the exhaustion then behind those sharp blue eyes, and realises none of it is artifice. This is all she's managed to scrape together from the bits of what's left. She tried. She's trying. As hard as Sherlock is, it seems. With precisely the same amount of success.
Now that might even be more interesting. Sherlock made a mental note. Out loud, he explained, "Riverbank mud."
John scrolls through the conversation on Sherlock's mobile. "These go back to ..." He covers his mouth with one hand. The colour drains from his face and a strangled sound comes out of his throat. "You've been in contact with him this whole time."
"Anyway, who cares," Tristram says. All this speculation about their fathers fancying each other is, to use one of his father's favourite words, 'dull'.
John's face did something complicated then. Sherlock would have liked to replay it, except he was more than a bit certain that pity had been involved. "Jesus, Sherlock. Did you ever-" John apparently thought better of whatever he was going to say, though, opting instead for, "It's not a popularity contest. I'm the two-weekends-a-month parent, the one who takes them to the zoo and buys them lollies and lets them stay up too late. You're the one they rely on, the steady presence, the one who takes them for their jabs and makes them eat their broccoli and gives them structure even when it's not comfortable or convenient for you, because you know it's best for them, and they see that even when they whinge about it. They know who's just dazzle and who's substance."
John sat down opposite him and drank his beer. Sherlock didn't give any sign of being aware of John's presence.
Emily's grinning from ear to bright red ear and her hair is what Mrs Hudson would call 'a bird's nest'. "I went down a black diamond all by myself and I only fell five times!" she announces.
At lunch time, he holed up in 221A, the speech therapy room that was annexed off the main classroom, with a pile of papers. He was afraid of what he might do if John proposed lunching together again. That was why his stomach sank - or did something funny, at any rate - when the door opened ten minutes before the end of the hour.
He speaks English! Tristram realises with a start. Not the way Tristram speaks it, so he must speak another language too. Doctor Watson did say that nearly everyone here speaks English as well as German. (Or French. Tristram still isn't sure.) It makes him wonder why his father didn't speak English to the man in the first place.
Tristram nods. "And you're the bodyguard," he returns, proud of himself. He expects the man to be surprised, or incredulous, possibly even impressed, and ask how he knows that, the way people react when Father tells them something he's deduced. But the man doesn't say anything, just keeps smoking his cigarette and watching the mice. Tristram is disappointed. But then he decides the man must think someone's told him, that he didn't figure it out on his own. He feels that he should explain. "I saw you light your cigarette from outside. Same as you did last night."
John was standing in the deserted square, watching the technicians dismantle the equipment on the stage. His hands were in the pockets of his anorak, but it was unzipped, and his cheeks were flushed with cold and the remainder of the evening's excitement. He smiled at Sherlock when he came over with Gladstone.
Here is where you can buy railway tickets at the Zurich airport. The bakery is right about where the photographer is standing.
Grandmother isn't around when they get back, but Mrs Bowen has laid out tea for them in the green parlour. Tris doesn't even really taste the biscuits as he swallows them. His father and Doctor Watson are sitting on the couch, talking, with Emily curled up on her father's lap. Tristram is slouched in one of the armchairs. He knows it shouldn't bother him as much as it does that his father and Doctor Watson are, apparently, friends now. Kissing aside, which Tristram doesn't want to think about at the moment. People have friends. It's 'healthy', as Mrs Hudson would say.
of seeing Father, but Tristram's pretty sure now that she knew or at least expected he'd be there. She wouldn't tell Tristram anything more, though, not even whether anyone else was there. Although there must have been, because if she wasn't going to see Father, who then? John? All she'd say was that it all worked out and they were safe now. He and Father and John and Emily, and she and Kate too. Tristram didn't even know Irene and Kate were in danger. Tristram asked what about Uncle Mycroft, but Irene just laughed and said the day Uncle Mycroft was in danger would be the day England fell. Which isn't exactly a straight answer, but since England is still standing - he can see it below them now, the land motionless next to the sparkling water, the contours more irregular than any map would lead you to believe - he expects that means Uncle Mycroft's not in danger either.
The sun had already risen when he left my bed, the maid clattering with the coal-hob downstairs. We were reckless. Our landlady remained blissfully deaf and blind, a malady she foresightedly passed on to the servants. The scene repeated itself nightly. He called me darling and lavished me with overgenerous attentions. I called him dearest and let myself be consumed. We fell into old habits. Those who do not learn from the mistakes of the past are doomed to repeat them. I had learned. Yet I was helpless to escape the snares of my own devising, the lures of my peculiar manners of thought and action.
John looked at his watch. Almost midnight. Mr Holmes had come out of surgery an hour ago. They'd put in a stent and all the indicators were positive so far. Mrs Holmes had been sitting in the recovery room with him, but apparently the late hour was taking its toll on her as well. Christmas Eve at the hospital.
Tristram goes over and sits down next to him. He's already anticipating the warm comfort of his father's arm around his shoulders, but it doesn't come.
Tristram sits up. Emily is so excited she is bouncing in her seat. He looks out the window. Indeed. They are stopped at a station, and although the platforms have been cleared, just beyond them on the edge of the glow from the lonely station lamps, Tristram can see huge, lumpy piles of white lurking in the shadows. Doctor Watson says it's a shame they're not coming through during the day, because this is apparently a famous route with some spectacular views.
He read the text through twice, incensed at the only slowly abating arousal which made such repetition necessary, before dipping down to gather up a handful of his clothing, which he pressed to his throbbing groin.
"Another time," he said. I still had my head turned when he poured wax onto the first nipple again. I was not expecting it, and the sudden renewed shock on my cooled flesh made me cry out.
Irene chuckles and says, "I have a couple of leads," but Tristram doesn't think Father's paying attention to her anymore, because John turns toward him just then, amused by Father's quip, and their eyes catch and hold. And there - there's that holding-your-breath moment that seems to go on forever. Tristram expects it's going to end in a kiss this time, to be honest, and all of a sudden, Tristram aches to be home. To curl up on the couch and listen to Father's violin. To sit at the kitchen table sorting his soil samples while Father counts mould colonies under his microscope. To pull the sheet shut around his and Emily's beds and tell each other jokes in the dark. To see John lean in behind Father at breakfast and kiss him on the cheek, followed by Father's pleased, almost self-conscious smile. That last one hasn't happened yet, but Tristram can see it in his mind as clearly as any memory.
"I know I'm wondering that myself." Sherlock went to sit down with the children. He was going to give John a good, solid length of rope with which to hang himself.
"No, see, I trusted you, Sherlock. Obviously my first mistake. Or maybe the last in a tragic series. I trusted that
"Then it's urgent I speak with her right away." Sherlock finishes putting on his outerwear and takes his gloves out of his coat pocket.
He hears a soft rustle of clothing as his father stirs. He watches the pale shape detach from the wall and move toward the bed.
The driver turned his head halfway toward Sherlock, apparently thought better of it, and accelerated a bit more.
"I made him get those," Emily confides, pointing out the biscuits. "Do you want one now?" She holds the bag out to him.
She sits down without an invitation and proceeds to ask precisely the questions he didn't want to have to answer. Why he's here, how Mary's doing, what Sherlock's up to. He mumbles his way through a few lies—early conference, fine, the usual—knowing she's not buying a word of what he's saying.
John sits back down on the edge of the bathtub. He rests his elbows on his knees and folds his hands. "The cuts are healed up, but yes, you can still see where they were," John agrees. He's speaking in a slow, careful way that Tristram's never heard from him before. Maybe it's his official doctor voice. "It's all new skin and I've been poking at it," John explains, "so that's why it looks so red. The colour will fade eventually. It will get pink and then white, but it could take a couple of years. The cuts were pretty deep, Tris. They're going to leave scars."
"This one?" Doctor Watson says, nodding at the arm nearest him, which is the right one. Tristram makes an affirmative sound in his throat because nodding will hurt. "Yeah, I see it. It's your hand, actually, and I'll take care of it in just a sec, but I really need to have a look at your front."
Mycroft and Moriarty, mercifully, had both disappeared. Sherlock wondered if those two facts were related, but then decided he was better off not knowing; it would simply be one more thing for Mycroft to lord over him.
Sherlock slides up John's body until their hips are aligned. He holds himself up enough that the heaviness between his legs bumps against John's without the weight of his body crushing him. Their kisses this time are deep and lingering. When Sherlock lets his weight sink a fraction lower, his hips start circling and his kisses become sloppier. John plucks at the side of his pants.
Holmes lifted his wine glass and held it delicately by the stem. His eyes gleamed in the unfamiliar yellow glow of the electric lights which had recently been installed in the establishment. "You heard Sir James' assertion that Gruner is said to have the whole of the omega gender at his mercy. I was interested to see how he would attempt to overcome me. I'm afraid I left disappointed in that regard."
"Not to worry, you weren't to know," Mrs Bowen says. "It's nice to see you know how to take care of yourselves. I know some as could take a page out of your book. Have your da's also eaten, then, or shall I send something up for them?"
Somehow they had manoeuvred to face each other now, Sherlock with his hands on John's shoulders and John with his anchoring Sherlock's hips. John was letting Sherlock lead, but he was by no means passive. He leaned into every touch on his body, chased every caress of his mouth, pulled Sherlock closer and let Sherlock know through every response and breath how much he was enjoying the attention, as well as how important it was to him that Sherlock felt treasured and desired.
, Horace had said. I hoped that now I had stretched forth my hand to do so, there would be another hand there to hold me fast.
But Sherlock is already up on his knees, reaching for the antibacterial hand soap on the back of the sink. They have never bought personal lubricant, which is perhaps telling. John may have some up in his room for his own use. Sherlock has no idea. He pumps out a dollop and reaches down to take John in hand. He wraps his other arm around John's back to squeeze their torsos together and works him, brisk and firm in the dark space between their bodies.
John snapped his eyes open, looking - if anything - insulted. "No, you're not even-" He glanced down briefly at Sherlock's genitals.
, starring David Tennant, with Marc Wootton reprising his role as the hyperactive teaching assistant. And the director, Deborah Isitt, has confirmed on her twitter @DeborahIsitt that she will be making a third movie in the series, to begin filming in November 2013 (although it didn't look like they'd started yet when I posted this).
John got to his feet, stretching his back. "Think I'll hit the hay too," he said, although his mind and body were buzzing. He wouldn't be falling asleep anytime soon. Especially not if Sherlock joined him in the bed. "Are you coming too, or do you want me to leave a light on for you?"
"But everyone also speaks English," Emily points out with a furrow of confusion on her forehead. "Why don't they get rid of German and French and everything else? They don't need it."
Doctor Watson shifts around a bit so he can see Emily better. That means the reason he doesn't want to read it is because of Emily. "Because they talk about something very sad happening," he says.
"Mr Holmes!" the mayor cried when Sherlock insinuated himself into the group. "This is certainly a surprise. Didn't think we'd be seeing any more of you. Shame about the Nativity, after all that."
Using electric beaters or a tabletop mixer, beat the butter, sugar, vanilla and ¼ tsp salt together until pale and fluffy, then pour in the eggs, one at a time, giving the mix a really good beating before adding the next. Add 1 tbsp of the plain flour if the mix starts to look slimy rather than fluffy. Beat in the yogurt.
"Oh, right..." John pointed at the animal skull hanging on the wall between the windows. "And that's Gladstone's mate then?"
Had Sherlock stared at John and Major Sholto the way John was now staring at him and Victor? Eyes wide, jaw tense. Assessing, comparing. Alert, as if poised to spring into action. But that was ridiculous. John would have no idea, and even if he did, why should he care?
John must have felt much the same, as he said with a note of desperation, "Can you go get it... please..." as he ground his own erection against Sherlock's thigh. "Or we could just... like this, I don't-" He delved into Sherlock's mouth again and increased the pressure of his strokes on Sherlock's cock.
John huffed -- a gasp, maybe oversensitive, but maybe a chuckle too. Either way, a suggestion that Sherlock hurry things along. But Sherlock was not about to give up one moment of the unparalleled experience of fucking John Watson up the arse for anything other than-
Doctor Watson seems both satisfied and disappointed by that. Maybe he wanted to talk to Tristram's father about Tristram coming over to their house after school. He'll have to ask Emily at break, because the bell is already ringing for them to go inside.
However, he only got as far as "Well, it's been very-" when Watson spoke over him, saying, "Can I just say, I've really enjoyed today. The kids are great, and you're-" He waved his hand toward Sherlock. "I think I can really learn something from you. And I'm not saying that to be facetious, I really mean it. That thing you did, with the..." He looked to Sherlock for the word.
The swooping sensation in his stomach surely indicated that it was time to turn toward home for dinner. Sherlock smiled.
"Yeah," Doctor Watson says. He purses his lips when he says it, though. Tristram recognises the gesture from playing 'Not Likely' as one of the things Emily did when she was bluffing. Tristram smiles to himself. "He does care, you know," Doctor Watson says quietly, to Tristram.
"You do every time you mention it. You can't even bring yourself to say the entire thing. Next thing you'll be calling me Sher," he says, pulling a face.
It wouldn't be much longer. He was going to need to get ready. His last act before leaving the room once more was to reach down between Sherlock's legs and nudge the dildo the rest of the way back inside. Then he turned it on. The muted buzzing started up again and Sherlock's eyes slammed shut as his body attempted to curl inward, lifting his feet off the bed, his hands wrapped around the straps of the restraints and pulling so hard his arms were shaking. John waited until the cramp had eased and Sherlock's feet were back on the mattress and he'd resumed his fitful rocking, trying desperately to catch every sensation his body was able to deliver.
"The passport is immaterial. I know you got a duplicate from Mycroft. The point," Sherlock reiterates, exploding the p, "is that she walked off with him. When you went back to the hotel, I assumed the children were safe in your charge. What was it you said? When you're part of a team, you trust that everyone's doing what they're supposed to? That was your part."
"Well, can I come with you?" Janine suggests. "Now that I know about it anyway. I'd love to see the two of you in action."
His omega, a tall, long-nosed woman with carefully coiffed hair and an expression of intense concentration, was rolling the stem of another rose over his bare chest, taking care to prick his nipples every time she passed over them. Tiny spots of blood dotted his skin, and his entire body was taut with tension. After a moment, I understood that he was trying to remain as still as possible under the torture, for every involuntary twitch would cause the thorns trapped between his gluteal muscles to gouge further into the sensitive skin.
Tristram was afraid that Father's friendship with Doctor Watson would mean less time and attention for Tristram, but it's been the exact opposite so far. Tristram can't remember the last time he and Father did so much together in such a concentrated period of time. It's true that they're on holiday and Father hasn't needed to hare off after any suspects or spend long hours at the morgue, but even when they were back in London, even with the case going on with all the body parts and Mister Tonga, Father paid at least as much attention to Tristram as before. It's turning out that Doctor Watson's place in Father's life isn't being carved out of Tristram's, but out of those hours when Tristram's asleep or at school, or when Father's doing case-related things and wouldn't be able to spend time with Tristram anyway.
"And yet you're still going to stand up there tonight and let them think plans are moving apace," Sherlock said, trying for a tone that expressed the mild irony of the situation.
John beams. "That's settled, then." He turns to the stove and fishes a piece of spaghetti out of the boiling pot to test it. "Looks like this is ready. I'll get the food on the table if you wouldn't mind going up and getting the kids?"
When Sherlock arrived backstage with Gladstone an hour before the show began, it was with mixed feelings. The last few days had gone well, in his opinion. Following the movie (which had been predictably mundane, but more than sufficiently compensated by John's company) they'd spent time together every evening following rehearsal: on Wednesday they'd had dinner at a stand-up diner around the corner from the cathedral square, and on Thursday they'd walked down to the ice rink near the river and stood at the railing, sharing a bag of roasted chestnuts while Sherlock deduced the skaters and John laughed at their antics.
John appears to be momentarily distracted by the expanse of pale skin. "Sorry," he says when Sherlock turns around again. "She works here?"
"I don't believe that's quite having the intended effect," I eventually admitted regretfully, although I could not entirely keep the smugness out of my voice.
Tristram lands hard, sending a stab of pain through his hand. People start screaming. Tristram hears Emily's shrieks beside him. They're both lying on the floor, face-down, with Doctor Watson covering them with his body. Tristram's hand is wedged in underneath him. He struggles against Doctor Watson's weight, trying to get his hand free. Tristram hears Doctor Watson's voice in his ear, telling them to stay down, that everything's going to be all right. Then he hears his father's voice, roaring above all the other cries and sounds of panic, saying something about a device. Is there another fake bomb? Or is it a real bomb this time? There's more shouting, and Tristram finally manages to peek out from under Doctor Watson's arm, but what he sees doesn't make any sense.
"I have no idea what I'm doing any more, Mike. I'm potentially the subject of a bloody criminal investigation!" John hissed, clutching the mug of tea Mike's wife gave him before discreetly withdrawing to leave the two men alone.
Sherlock supposed, though, that at a school like Blackwood, Moriarty would have plenty of opportunity to rub elbows with patrons of the arts, flatter them by promoting their no doubt talentless offspring, and set up favours to be called in at a later date. He must have quite the network set up for himself by now. Sherlock imaged that, like himself, Moriarty would be leaving his teaching position soon. It was as if their lives were being kept in lock-step by an invisible arm. Except that Sherlock's next stage was looking more and more as if it were going to be a big step down, and Moriarty's no doubt several rungs up.
I accompanied him to the desk, where he inspected the things I had laid out. He touched his finger to the forceps and plucked one of the clothes-pegs out of the bag to test its spring. The candle was subjected to a more thorough examination, being sniffed and scraped, and finally tasted.
Now that was interesting enough to stop what he was doing for a moment. They'd never discussed John's injury, and if increased physical intimacy was going to bring with it an expanded willingness to share information, Sherlock meant to take immediate and outrageous advantage. He shoved the undershirt up to get a better look, but it bunched too much under John's arm to get a look at the shoulder proper.
Emily doesn't even appear to hear him. "Are you and Sherlock getting divorced now?" she continues addressing Irene. It sounds more like a strong recommendation than a question.
The confession, though, that had come as a bit of a shock. The kiss even more so. One minute he'd been sitting there, having dutifully drunk his medicine, ready to settle in for another evening in front of the Sherlock channel, when Sherlock had blurted out that most shocking of admissions, leaned down, kissed him, and hightailed it out of the room.
"We're going to be very, very thorough is all," John said as he arranged Mr Holmes on his side, although privately that's exactly what he thought was happening. "Have you had one before?"
And suddenly, all the pieces slotted into place. Sherlock could picture it easily now: there had been a girlfriend, someone he was committed to. Either she'd left him, driving him to join the army, or - more likely, as Sherlock couldn't imagine anyone leaving John once they had him - he'd always planned on joining the army, and something had happened when he was away. Maybe she'd died (was that what had made him react sensitively to Sherlock's joke about being hit by a bus?) or done something stupid like having sex with someone else during the long months of John's absence. (Just because John had loved her didn't mean she wasn't an idiot.) Either way: John - heartbroken. Unable to allow himself to feel so strongly about anyone, at first in reaction to his grief, a protective mechanism, it had later become an ingrained pattern of behaviour. As soon as he felt himself being pulled in too far, he would withdraw. Possibly there had even been one or two lovers during his army years whom he had cared for more deeply, but they would have transferred away after a short time, or been killed (alternative explanation for the aversion to accidents involving large vehicles). Reinforcement of pattern behaviour. Sherlock rather thought John could sing a song to Mycroft about the advantages - or lack thereof - of caring.
John stares at Sherlock. "Right," he says, very quietly. "Right. If that's all then. I'll be collecting my daughter." He turns to Mycroft. "Where is she?"
"Your dad loves you. More than anything," Doctor Watson says. His eyes are so blue and earnest that Tristram believes him for a second. He knows his father cares about what happens to him, and he's probably the most important person in his father's life. But secretly, he knows that his father loves his work better. He loves solving mysteries and being smarter than the police and teasing meaning out of tobacco ash and flakes of nail polish. He knows he can't say that, though, because that's the kind of thing that people other than him and his father and Uncle Mycroft don't understand.
When they finally flopped back down, they were both out of breath and red in the face and laughing a little, and the little hollow at the base of Sherlock's throat hurt with how perfect it was. He held himself there, hovering over John, torn between not wanting to upset the moment and wanting more, wanting everything.
They went back to the offerings of water and the rambling monologues, but something was different. John could tell. Sherlock was rushed and nervous - more so than usual - and he seemed frustrated by something, the way he got when a case was dragging on longer than it should and he still hadn't seen the solution. John was frustrated too, but he knew asking Sherlock directly would only cause him to retreat further.
John's trying to decide between a postcard showing the Matterhorn - impressive, but they haven't actually been there - and one with a montage of several images of the local scenery, when Irene appears beside him.
Whatever had possessed John to do such a thing? After the first shock faded, Sherlock was able to consider the situation with a bit of distance. Had he misinterpreted it? John had wanted to sprinkle the play liberally with hearts and roses from the start. He hadn't been thinking of Sherlock when he'd come up with his 'girl meets boy' line for the opening song. Maybe this was just part of the larger theme he'd already set up. His reaction to Sherlock hearing the words in the assembly hall could be due to apprehension that Sherlock would make fun of the song, or of him. But Sherlock had made fun of every set of lyrics John had written. John's reactions up to now had ranged from patient to defensive and amused. What was different about this particular song? The more Sherlock considered it, the more he was convinced that his first interpretation was correct: John had put something of himself into those words.
"John," Sherlock began. John grunted, lifted his head, his eyes slightly glazed. "John, may I have the honour of the next dance?" He held out his hand, palm up, in invitation.
When my nose, my lungs, my very being were saturated in his essence, he finally, finally lifted his head to cover my mouth with his. The taste of him was ambrosia, the scent in my nostrils from his most intimate places become liquid and sweet, and I eagerly lapped and sucked at his mouth, his neck, wherever I could reach. The scent gland at the base of his neck was swollen and hot, ripe for a bond, but even through the heady cloud of lust that had overcome me, I knew I must not bite. There were no well documented cases of alpha-alpha bites resulting in a true bond, and many that ended with lymphatic poisoning. There was too great a risk, and in any event it was not something I would do without leave.
"Just you and me? We need the kids, and for that we need Greg's permission. Not that I expect you understand the concept. In addition to the fact that we haven't any place to put it on, costumes, lights, sound... Unless you've gotten your brother on board after all?" He was clearly aiming for scathing sarcasm, but he landed somewhere in the vicinity of not daring to hope. It might just be close enough.
"You do not get to act like I'm the unreasonable one. You're the one who went off on your own and risked your
This is the first time Tristram has ever heard her name. Uncle Mycroft neglected to mention it, for some reason, and Tristram was never actually curious enough to ask. Or perhaps she never needed a designation in his mental index other than 'my mother'. He doesn't think of Father as 'Sherlock Holmes' either. But Father's just said her name 'was' Godfreya Norton. He gets a funny feeling.
Tristram and Emily follow him, and there's Tristram's father, standing just outside, his back pressed against the wall to stay out of the rain. He has a cigarette between his fingers. He never smokes at their flat in London, but he often does here at Grandmother's. He takes one last long drag on the cigarette before flicking it over the side of the stone balustrade.
Sherlock wanted to be irritated at John's presumption that he thought he knew what was going on in Sherlock's head, but it happened he was right. Not that it was too much, exactly, but the fact was that Sherlock had stopped so that it wouldn't be. Then there was the fact that he'd said they had all night. John meant to stay. They'd barely started, and John was already saying he wasn't going to leave. Dizzy with the implication, Sherlock let his weight sink down and settle onto John. He knew he wasn't light by any means, despite his lean physique, but John didn't complain, just wrapped his arms around Sherlock's back and held him there.
"It's a secret, but I'm coming with you this afternoon," she whispers to him after their fathers have left, before they go into the school.
They'd got tested last week, and the results came back clean, but there'd been a case that kept them running across rooftops and diving into bins until last night. And then John awoke this morning to find Sherlock between his legs. Not the worst way to greet the day.
"It's all in good fun, you'll see," Johnson assured me. "There are some who like to pack a wallop and some who like to get walloped. Ha! Well, you will see indeed."
John leaned forward to peruse the notes. It took a surprising amount of willpower for Sherlock not to let his hand rest on John's back. He imagined what the rough-soft nap of the woolen jumper would feel like against his palm.
Irene sips her espresso and maintains a polite expression, as if she doesn't care one way or another whether Tristram and Emily try the dish. Maybe she really doesn't. Tristram can't read her with any sort of accuracy. Which may be why his eye keeps being drawn back to her.
"Your little friend is certainly enthusiastic," Uncle Mycroft says with a tight smile as he leans over to retract the roller blinds.
John gives him a sidelong smile. "Yeah, probably should. You know the brand of every article of clothing I own, don't you?"
Sherlock opened his eyes and turned his head. The wedding guests. The band. Greg and Molly were on the opposite side of the dance floor, grinning at them like fools. The wolf whistle had come from Molly. She took her fingers out of her mouth and gave them a double thumbs-up. Greg made a pumping motion with his fist. The other guests watched, laughing. Some cheering and clapping. Happy for them. For both of them. All four of them. Friends.
Really, the man was more tedious than a month of staff meetings. Although he did sound as if he were bored by his own questions, Sherlock had to give him that.
"Hey," John said, wanting to reassure him. To let him know that Mycroft wasn't going to ruin this day for them. "Thanks for that. I had a good time." He patted Sherlock's knee, gave it a squeeze. It didn't feel awkward, or even daring. It felt natural; right.
I was instantly reminded of it now: the fiery trail Watson's hands burnt into my skin, the teasing brush of his mustache over my lips and sac, the sticky-slick stutter and slide of his cockstand on my abdomen, my back, my cheek. The undulating dance of pleasure in which we thoughtlessly partook, innocent of the detritus we would leave in our wake. I even fancied I could smell the tantalising tang of his sweat which the morning sunshine coaxed from him, the same pungent liquid I had lapped off his skin, from his secret places: filthy, dark, heady.
John stood. Looked. Stared a bit, really. Started, as if realising an answer was expected. "Yeah," he said lightly. Forcing a casual tone. Why? "Looks good. Yeah." He moved closer, still looking at Sherlock's suit, his shoulders, chest, trousers, up to his hair, his face.
I could see him warming to the idea and knew then that I could not deny him. Where would the harm be, after all? I had to admit that none of the subjects we had seen being worked upon tonight had exhibited any displeasure with their position. Quite the opposite, in fact. I did not understand how pleasure might be gained from being struck, beaten, whipped, or pricked, but it was not necessary for me to enjoy it. I needed only to follow Holmes' command, to allow him to lead me through this as a foot soldier follows his captain through the territory of the enemy. There might be injuries suffered along the way, but the true and valiant leader would ultimately bring his troops across to safety and victory. I had long since recognized that Holmes truly was my commander in this strange civilian world, the one upon whom I relied, in whom I had implicit faith, not because of his great intelligence but because of his great heart.
John squeezed Sherlock's shoulder, wishing he could do the same to his entire body. "Yeah, it's nice," he said, hoping his voice didn't come out too shaky. Holy hell. He couldn't-- Sherlock couldn't know what this was doing to him. He didn't mean it like that. True, most people would say the situation was rather clear-cut. Unambiguous. Perhaps it was, in the sense that it was an affirmation and acknowledgment of what they meant to each other, the exclusive nature of their connection, that no one else could fill that space at their side and in their heart. No matter whether this was as close as they ever physically got.
"Anyway, I was married once before. Didn't exactly end well." John gave Daisy a small, self-deprecating smile and took a sip of his mineral water. They were all drinking mineral water. The wines and other beverages would be decided on at a later date, once the food menu was set.
"You're going to see my father, aren't you?" Tristram watches as Irene works her fingers into a pair of tight, black gloves that go halfway up her arms. She already has a long, black overcoat on. It looks remarkably similar to Father's, but not as bulky.
Tristram heads for Grandmother's studio in the old carriage house. She sometimes spends all night there. More than once, when they've been here during the summer, Grandmother has let Tristram play with her art supplies while she works, and lost all track of the time. Not really being bothered where he sleeps, Tristram simply ends up crashing on the chaise longue in the corner while Grandmother paints or throws clay or stares at a blank canvas for hours on end. It's calming, hearing the scrape of the spatula or the hum of the pottery wheel, or, when she's deep in her dark place (as she calls it), just knowing she's sitting there across the room, warm and breathing and perfectly content for Tristram to share the space with her. Tristram would actually quite like to curl up on the chaise longue in Grandmother's studio at the moment. He hopes she's there.
Tristram says good-bye to Doctor Watson, then to Emily, and then they are back outside, running through the rain to the kerb, where the cab his father rang for is already waiting.
"She means Moriarty. Not like that," Sherlock says in response to John's expression. "I believe she means she'll distract him so I can gain access to his data."
Sherlock cut him off. "Outside, now," he hissed, pulling away abruptly and turning on his heel. Once again, he didn't stop to see whether John would follow.
It's possible, although it's a pretty fantastic coincidence that they'd run into each other here in Switzerland. Still: "Then how would she know me?" Tristram wonders.
Tristram asks if they can go see what's inside the silver hemispheres, but Father says they're only open at night, when it gets dark and the stars come out. That makes sense, even if it is a bit disappointing.
Now Father raises his head and meets his eyes, the way he does when he's going to say something he wants Tristram to absorb and know as deep inside as knowledge can go.
In the next second, Doctor Watson has sprung up off the bed, saying a bad word. He doesn't have a shirt on.
"Oh now, I'm sure that's not true. Something big like this, must have been one of those elaborate plans of yours."
Tristram only now wonders where Irene is. He looks around and sees her standing by a display of cuckoo clocks, talking to a young, thin woman with glasses. That must be the shop assistant, the one who let Tristram sit on her stool. He takes the opportunity to look around the rest of the shop. There are hats, banners, bags, t-shirts, scarves, mugs, magnets, and keychains, amongst many other items, crowded onto floor-to-ceiling shelves and display stands that leave almost no room to move through the shop. There are even cowbells, although none as large as the ones from the restaurant. Nearly half of the items seem to have the white cross on a red background that Tristram recognises by now as the Swiss flag. Much of the rest has cow motifs.
, Sherlock thought. Plain and simple. And with that thought, he knew he was done for. This was what he'd been fighting against his entire life: doing things simply because someone else wanted him to.
She looks so hopeful, and she has been very helpful and nice. Tristram doesn't want to be outright rude or hurt her feelings, so he takes a purple one and says, "Thank you." He has no intention of actually eating it, of course. He'll give it to his father so he can analyse it. Although that will probably have to wait until they get back home. He puts it into his pocket, hoping the woman doesn't expect him to unwrap it and eat it right away.
When they get to the dining room, Father is already sitting stiffly in his chair next to Grandmother, who is in her usual place at the head of the long table. Tristram is told to sit next to his father, and Doctor Watson is offered the seat Tristram usually has, on the other side of Grandmother. She doesn't say anything to Emily (in fact, Tristram realises she hasn't so much as acknowledged Emily's presence with a word yet), but there is a fifth place set next to Doctor Watson, so it's obvious that she's supposed to sit there.
"It doesn't matter anyway," a boy in the back row said. "Anything we can do, Blackwood can do ten times better."
Sherlock had surely committed enough sins so far that any normal person would have bid him good riddance weeks ago. And John, in his own way, was equally closed and by any standard measure a less than appealing prospect; he'd said it himself - unemployed and unemployable, emotionally unstable, physically damaged. Seen from that angle, maybe they were both just that desperate. But Sherlock couldn't bring himself to see John like that. No, there was more to it. It wasn't just his opinion. John was true, John was loyal, John was generous, John was funny and insightful. And there was something that lit up between them, something that Sherlock now recognised was quite possibly the most important and best thing he'd ever been part of.
But Father corrects the impression right away. "No," he says. "She's changed her name though. She goes by Irene now. Irene Adler. And she'd um..." Father pinches his eyes and lips together like he's got something sour in his mouth, which makes him look startlingly like Uncle Mycroft for a moment. Then his features smooth out again and he tells the mountains, "She wants to meet you."
Keeping close to the wall, Tristram moves as quickly as he can to his bag. It takes forever for him to get the plastic squeeze clasp open one-handed. He has to resort to using his teeth. The phone is powered off, and for one heart-stopping moment, Tristram realises he hasn't recharged it since he's been in hospital, but it lights up right away when he presses the power button. It takes another eternity to boot up. When he presses 1, he notes that his hand is shaking.
John lifted off her and made quick work of his clothing, dumping everything over the side of the bed before lying down next to her again.
Which meant Sherlock, because John's certainty regarding his intentions had been obvious for quite a while now. In a way, Sherlock resented that John didn't trust that he was an adult who knew his own mind, but at the same time he had to admit the knot in his stomach had loosened just a bit at John's temporary rejection. He hadn't really been planning to kiss John tonight (although he'd thought about it quite a bit at odd moments over the past few days), and he certainly hadn't been planning to invite him back to his house to have sex. It wasn't that he was apprehensive about any of the potential physical acts (within reason, and John hadn't given any indication that he habitually engaged in anything outside the mainstream); but it would perhaps be polite to at least provide clean sheets and get rid of the river mud experiment, which wasn't as interesting as he'd hoped and smelled admittedly rather foul.
"Where's my dad?" is the first thing Emily asks when they see Tristram's father sitting in front of his computer at his desk but no sign of Doctor Watson.
John sighed. "All right, how does it go?" He started to poke out the melody on the keyboard. He had to keep checking back and forth between his hand and the page. He had no sense of rhythm, and it came out sounding choppy and off-beat.
Tristram feels three pairs of adult eyes on him and knows there's no way he's going to broach the subject now. And anyway, his father would know right away that he's not telling the truth. He wants it to be true, but deep down, his heart isn't convinced.
Tristram sets the lid back down over the plate with the utmost care. His heart is careening out of control. Doctor Watson told him and Emily to keep their phones with them at all times. Not to leave them in their jackets or bags. Again, Tristram has failed to heed that advice. He will have to make it over to the closet, where his bag is hanging. He needs to keep an eye on both the door and the window, though, and as he doesn't have eyes on both sides of his head, he's unable to move. Finally, he decides the door is the more immediate concern, so he angles himself such that he has a clear view of it and pushes the chair back from the table. It bumps into the IV stand, and the line gets caught on the corner of the chair arm, so by the time Tristram is finally free and standing, he's sweating lightly under his t-shirt.
I did not understand the full extent to which I had been compromised until much later, but by then it was too late. The damage had been done. I had become complacent like a lamb fattened on tender blades and choice morsels by a caring and skilful hand, the same hand which would later hold a knife to its throat and drain it of its life-blood.
"Yes, that's right," Father agrees. "Her name was Godfreya Norton." He says it slowly, now peering at the mountains. He sounds a little unsure about it, as if it's something he almost forgot.
Tristram supposes, thinking back on it now, that that's true, but wouldn't it have behooved Irene to mention she'd picked up the passport when John came back? On the other hand, maybe she was so startled by the way John burst into the room and then put his elbow into her throat that she forgot. Or, like she said, didn't think it was important because they were going to be together anyway.
"Well now, this is certainly a surprise," Mycroft said in a way that even John must understand to mean it was anything but. "I do believe this is the first time you've graced us with your presence here, Sherlock." (Meaning: you must be very desperate indeed.) A poor start, as it meant Mycroft knew he held all the cards. Well, Sherlock would just have to make him believe he didn't care what Mycroft did.
"Does she?" Father seems genuinely surprised and touched, and that goes a long way toward smoothing out the unsettled feeling in Tristram's stomach.
Mrs Hudson drops by later on with a plate of fresh-baked scones. She is duly introduced to Emily, whom she fawns over thoroughly. While Tristram and Emily sit in the kitchen slathering the pastries with what's left of the jam, Father speaks to Mrs Hudson in the living room. Tristram hears him mention that Doctor Watson may be coming in late tonight, and she shouldn't worry if she hears the door go.
And of course he needed privacy for... other things. Things he only did in the bedroom with the door stealthily locked, because he didn't want Sherlock to know he'd locked it. Because then Sherlock would know what he was up to. Pleasuring himself. He'd used to masturbate regularly when he'd lived upstairs. He never did it in the shower, likely worried that Sherlock would hear him. Or that he wouldn't clean up thoroughly enough, that he'd leave traces behind that Sherlock might find. He didn't know that Sherlock had been able to hear him quite well from his own bedroom directly below anyway, the telltale squeaks of the bed, the low, vocal exhale at the end when he climaxed. That Sherlock sometimes got hard listening to those sounds. Palmed his heavy sac and squeezed his throbbing erection, curled on his side, resisting the shameful urge to get himself off in time with John.
Tristram hears his father's voice in stereo. "It works!" he says, still holding the phone to his ear. "Can I try calling Uncle Mycroft too?"
"Oh, no chance of that," the incorrigible Johnson assured us, hooking his thumbs in his waistcoat pockets. "She's on the job, you see."
John became very still. His breaths were shallow and his hands were gripping his thighs. His eyes met Sherlock's, steady and deep. "I don't."
"Only slightly less than invading Afghanistan, but yes, utterly." Sherlock's fingertips skim lightly, distractedly, over John's back, tracing his shoulder blade.
Behind him, Tristram's father comes in, his keen eyes seeking out Tristram but not saying anything. There is also colour in his cheeks; more, Tristram thinks, than is explicable by the weather. Maybe he and Doctor Watson had words again. Tristram stands where he is uncertainly.
Doctor Watson squeezes Tristram's arm once more and takes it away. That makes Tristram feel even worse, which is stupid because it means he's done talking, which is what Tristram wants. All of a sudden, he has the mortifying urge to crawl into Doctor Watson's lap and curl up there, like Emily does sometimes. He's too big for that, though, and anyway Doctor Watson isn't his father! Not that he would curl up on his father's lap either.
Uncle Mycroft, with a sour look, pulls out a thick envelope from inside his suit jacket. Father snatches it greedily and rips it open.
"Then you're bloody well going to get to know her now." I felt him sag slightly, all the fight suddenly gone out of him. He stopped and turned to me, his eyes filled with the old burden of his grief. "Once, Holmes. Just this once," he said in a tired voice. "I promise this is the one and only time I shall ask this of you."
"There's not, but there's no time to shut it down, and it will distract them, just shoot it!" Sherlock is already on his way to the terrace windows.
Sherlock didn't like Christmas. He didn't like any holiday celebrations, really, with their crowds and forced cheer and familial obligations. Christmas was the worst, though, the one that he was least likely to be able to avoid spending at least part of with his family. As if he had any need to have his nose rubbed in Mycroft's successes whilst everyone reminded him how he had squandered his talents and royally bollixed up his life. At least he wasn't beholden to any of them. That had been his main reason for becoming a teacher: a steady income with minimal effort on his part. It was true that it took up a large portion of most days, time that he would prefer to dedicate to other pursuits, but at least the holiday breaks were generous.
The three children shrugged and gestured behind them at Sherlock, who was still standing with one foot out the door. He could hardly leave now without it looking like he was running away. When John saw Sherlock, his body betrayed his surprise and he flubbed the next chord. He quickly looked back at the children and sang along softly to encourage them:
That makes sense. Still, there was something a bit ... off, for want of a better word, about the entire incident. It had certainly seemed like she and Doctor Watson knew each other somehow, but that can't be true if she had to get Doctor Watson's name from the hotel records.
"Are you going to be all right, dear?" Mrs Hudson asked, her concern written all over her face. "I know the two of you had become close."
John caught himself right there. The uncrossed line. Bad luck to even think about things like that. Especially in the context of sharing this room, sleeping beside each other, spending Christmas together like a real family.
Tristram agrees, but when Emily and her father go back to their room to get their jackets, Tristram hangs back.
"John, this is Sherlock. Do you really think he's going to want to talk about it? For him to take the first step like that, that's pretty much like champagne and roses from anyone else. He was probably waiting to see what you did, and now he thinks you're not interested."
She wondered idly as she took a sip of her foamy double latte, now cooled to just the right temperature, which way they went. She shouldn't be thinking of things like that, she knew, it was naughty of her, but it wasn't like they were strangers. She'd seen the man all but naked, for God's sake. That arse. You could bounce the Crown Jewels off it. Even if John Watson was as straight as Adam, he couldn't help appreciating it. Watson, on the other hand, she'd always considered kind of squishy. Verging on pudgy. True, it looked as if he'd lost weight in those last pictures, but at his age that would mean more sag than swag. No, if they were doing the deed -- or would be soon, if Sherlock had been serious about waiting until he got married -- Watson had to be the one delivering the bacon. Janine giggled to herself. Truly, she was awful. Someone should take her in hand.
"I've been waiting all night for you to wake up," Sherlock said, cradling the back of John's head with his hand and kissing down his jawline.
Tristram rotates his left shoulder. His back is sore, true, but he didn't connect that with pulling the suitcase. It's hurt since he was shot. Although that's not from the bullet; it's from all the glass that got stuck in his back from the broken window. He shrugs. "It's fine."
"Father!" he says into Father's shoulder. It should be embarrassing to be picked up like a little kid with his feet off the floor but it isn't. It's glorious, and Tristram never, ever wants Father to put him down. He's so happy he wants to jump and shout, but he also wants to burrow in closer, so that's what he does, somehow working his left arm in under Father's arm so he can grip his coat there. Father came to get him, he's really here, and nothing else in the world matters at this moment.
The next thing Doctor Watson did, once he saw where Tristram was hurt, was to start treating him. At the same time, he called the ambulance because he couldn't take care of all of Tristram's injuries himself. Normally, Tristram would be able to take care of a minor cut like this on his own, but it's in a hard-to-reach place and he only has his left hand to work with. So he's going to need help too. Although obviously not an ambulance. Father and Doctor Watson are probably still awake.
John rounds on her, barely keeping his temper in check. "He does not need someone flitting into his life right now, upsetting what little balance he's just barely hanging on to. He needs stability, people and situations he can count on-"
"That's what grown-ups do when they fancy each other and they're alone." Emily leans closer to Tristram, close enough that he can see her individual, light brown eyelashes. Tristram supposes that might be true, for most adults. But he also knows that his father does not fall into any of the categories involving 'most' people. Which is fine, but Emily doesn't know that, and it's a bit difficult to explain.
John nodded, finally looking up at Sherlock. "Seems to be," he said mildly. "For the time being, anyway." He searched Sherlock's face, then said, "You knew I'd forgotten the cane, didn't you?"
"Thank you," she says, and smooths one hand over her still dark hair, which is pulled back into a neat knot at the back of her head. "You must be my son's associate."
Their shared meals continued, though. The first night after that had been some bland takeaway, neutral ground. A couple of days of leftovers. John had kept away from the kitchen for a few days, finally easing back in with spag bol and a pound cake. Sherlock had countered with salmon and new potatoes. He didn't cook as much as John, generally preferring to warm up whatever he found in the refrigerator or freezer, but the situation had seemed to call for it. For him to make a statement.
Sherlock lifts up enough that John can work his shirt up and over his head. Sherlock's eyes sweep down John's torso, taking in the smattering of brown and grey hairs on his chest, the soft pink nipples and gently smiling navel.
"Rrowxertsohneh," Father's voice floats back to them, rolling the R and making an awful gagging sound in the middle.
Sherlock sat down next to him, not quite touching him but close enough that John could smell the dusty, comforting scent of the fur he'd draped over his shoulders against the night chill. Sherlock pulled his legs up and wrapped his arms around his knees, which were clad in loose leather breeches. "Open it," he said. His voice was hushed, as if he didn't want any of the others in the clan to hear him. The precaution was superfluous; almost everyone was already asleep.
Sherlock grunts noncommittally as he cuts a strip of tape and starts wrapping John's pinky and ring fingers together. The bleeding's stopped. Everything else can wait until they're done here. John's standing a bit too close, really, his legs pressing against the insides of Sherlock's thighs. Sherlock could spread his legs a bit wider to give him more room. He doesn't.
. And now it turned out they were just John making sure Sherlock was still sober enough to provide cogent responses. Still coordinated enough to hit all the right letters and symbols. Not dead.
never told me about your contingency plans." He thrusts a finger in Sherlock's direction. "If I'd known about the passport, I would have realised she was up to something right away. I would never have let my guard down like I did."
John cleared his throat. "So. All that you said. About the health aspects. That's really good. You know, like I said, spot on. They screened me for HIV and hep before my surgery, and the other STIs were about ten months ago as part of my annual army physical, and I did always use a condom. And I um." John's hands were folded tightly. He licked his lips. "You were also right about the other- About no long-term relationship. Kind of hard to keep up when you're deployed, so. Not really in bad company there. But there were- God, this shouldn't be so hard, but there were quite a few others in there. Men and women. More than I'd care to own up to, to tell the truth. It was- I know it's not really an excuse, there were certainly plenty of lads who kept it in their pants or-"
Sherlock flicked a finger at it. "Addressed to you, from the clinic you applied to. Several sheets of paper, judging by the thickness. An employment contract, obviously."
"I'm not ashamed of this," he tells them soberly, his blue eyes earnest in his lined face, as he holds the photo strip. "But I certainly didn't mean for you to see it. God, I'm really..." He shakes his head and looks at the floor for a moment. Then he takes a quick, deep breath and meets their eyes again. "What goes on between two adults in private is meant to stay private. So I'm sorry about that. At the same time, though, I think we need to have a talk about all of this later, because yes, you might see us hugging or kissing, and I don't want that to make you uncomfortable."
Sherlock gave himself a mental shake. He was being ridiculous. All of that was over and done with. It was a vagary of the human mind to replay emotions when returning with the site of their genesis. This, here, today, had nothing to do with what had happened back then.
Nigel Anderson was there unpacking his lunch at a table with Sally Donovan. A few other teachers were trickling in as well.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. The way some people bandied terms about for the shock value. Even the police – small-witted as they were – hadn't actually charged Sherlock with anything that time. Not that they should have; it had simply been a huge misunderstanding. As this was.
"Bye, see you tomorrow." Tristram reaches up and pulls on his jacket where it is hanging, but it won't come down. Doctor Watson starts to reach for it, then drops his hand and looks at Tristram's father.
After school, Uncle Mycroft's car is already waiting for them when they come out of school. Tristram is relieved to see that Uncle Mycroft himself is sitting in the back seat. He's not sure what he would have done if it had only been the driver. He knows the man by sight, but he doesn't know his name, and he thought he knew Emily's Aunt Claire and look what happened.
John pressed his lips together, thought about it. "This is against my better judgment, you know that," he said finally.
When he finally returned late that night, he saw from outside that the lights in the flat were on. John was home. He steeled himself.
"Do you think he's angry with my father?" he asks, even though it seems pretty clear the answer is 'yes'.
The man leans in to speak in a confidential whisper to their fathers: "Snow in here next time and you win." His accent is much heavier than the woman's. He pulls the waistband of his trousers away from his stomach and points down inside. He winks then makes a really funny face, pretending his pants are full of snow, and everyone laughs.
"Everything all right?" he asked, turning to get a better look at the man. He looked pale and fragile, almost grey in the sickly light.
"No," Sherlock said at the same time as John said, "Thank you, that would be lovely." John gave Sherlock a funny look, which Sherlock returned.
"I apologize for getting carried away," Holmes murmured once we were alone, carefully wiping some excess ointment from my side.
"You don't have to stay," Tristram says in the hushed tone people use when it's the middle of the night, even though everyone in the room is wide awake.
"You wear it well," he said finally, his voice low. He lifted his eyes from the leather band to my face and smoothed his hands down my shoulders. I was taken aback at the fierce pride mixed with tenderness I saw in him then.
As they moved toward the reception area, Sherlock let John walk in front; he hoped having a friend rather than a roomful of strangers at his back would ease his discomfort. There was a bottleneck at the double doors leading into the main hall. As the crowd became thicker, Sherlock kept a space open behind John, and touched him lightly on the back to let him know he was there. John looked back over his shoulder, thinking Sherlock wanted his attention, but Sherlock just smiled reassuringly and nodded that he should press on.
Sherlock felt like he'd been knocked off balance. Was that really how John saw him? But those were ludicrous examples and proved nothing. He didn't even recall smiling at Ollie. Certainly, the boy had displayed a decent grasp of the principles Sherlock had explained to him and applied them to his model; perhaps Sherlock had been satisfied that his lesson had made it through the boy's thick skull. He certainly couldn't take any responsibility for Gladstone's good-natured personality, and of course he fed and groomed the animal; he wasn't irresponsible. Paying for the tree had merely been the most expedient course to take, given how much time he'd already wasted talking to Moriarty. And John: of course he was interesting! The rest of what he'd said about himself was pure nonsense.
Sherlock's patience was wearing thin, his good mood after spending the last hour in John's company fading. "Mrs Hudson, do you have an actual point?"
Sherlock followed readily, pressing the length of his body against John's. John could feel the hardness inside Sherlock's breeches against his hip, and his own member stirred in response. Sherlock was nearly always quicker to arousal than John, as he was quicker in everything else too. John enjoyed a more leisurely pace, prolonging not only their pleasure but the rare time when he was the sole focus of Sherlock's powerful personality. He therefore deliberately kept his hands above Sherlock's hips, although he did push off Sherlock's fur cape and helped him out of his leather tunic.
"It's all right, John." Sherlock puts a hand on his arm, gently pulling him back down and tucking them in again. "Go back to sleep."
It's crowded, even at the business-class desk. Although they already have their boarding passes, they have to queue up to check their suitcases, which they have all piled together onto a trolley in front of them. There are still three people ahead of them. Emily wants to go snowboarding when they get there. For the first time, Tristram is glad for his injuries; he has absolutely no inclination whatsoever to attempt snowboarding, and this way he has a convenient excuse not to go.
Sherlock hadn't actually come up with an excuse for having asked John to meet him. He'd simply wanted to see him, but he could hardly say that. He certainly wasn't going to bring up Moriarty or filming the play. But, it occurred to him, there was something …
. You've had your peep, now shove off." As Sherlock spoke, he heard the scuffing of shoes, whispers and giggles as his class gathered behind him.
Sherlock crowded in close again. "Let me take care of it for you," he said, stroking John through his trousers with intent now as he rubbed his face against the side of John's head.
"Yes, I do," Tristram insists. His stomach twists unhappily. This is coming out all wrong. He shouldn't have started.
"Won't bother me," John assures him. Then he cranes his neck around to look at Sherlock, who's still sitting at his desk. "Unless you'd prefer to have some privacy?"
"I'm afraid I have little practice with this, Watson," he said. His voice was low and warm, but with an undercurrent of shyness that was most uncharacteristic. "The small amount I believe to know comes from some esoteric texts and scant few conversations with old practitioners."
Sherlock could quite literally have kissed him right there. "Yes, right, that meeting about the-" Sherlock agreed briskly.
The thought hadn't even crossed Sherlock's mind, though, because John in that suit was making his blood run hotter and his brain run slower. The ensemble made his body look tight and compact while emphasising the strength in his shoulders and chest. Sherlock was already trying to come up with scenarios for getting the jacket off so he could have a look at John's arse: a spill, a tear, someone being chilly, John needing to perform CPR - how could he induce a heart attack in someone with the tools currently at his disposal?
Tristram hasn't been tracking Father during this time, but he notices now that he's standing by the door with his coat on and his hand on the handle, about to go out.
"He won't come with me on cases either." That was really the only thing he could ever offer John: a few hours of excitement and purpose, a short-lived burst of heart-thumping, blood-pumping action. And now John is refusing even that. Sherlock dislikes admitting his impotence to Mary, but maybe it will make her go away. It's not that he bears her any ill will, specifically; it's that he doesn't want John to see them together and think they are plotting something on his behalf. Especially as it seems that's precisely what they are doing.
"Um. I think I'll see if I can help your dad with that turkey," he all but blurted. John had to fairly extricate himself from between the wall and Sherlock, ducking his head and exiting the room quickly before... he didn't know what, before something happened that he couldn't go back on. Behind him, he heard another tinny plong sound from the violin.
We stopped behind a cluster of people surrounding another couple. The nude, collared alpha was standing upright, blindfolded and with a rope wrapped several times around his lower abdomen and hips, trapping his arms at his sides. I was so distracted by the sight of his engorged purple cockstand protruding from between two of the coils of rope, and his bollocks painfully squeezed between two more, that I didn't notice at first the three or four long-stemmed thorny roses wedged in between his buttocks like some kind of unnatural tail.
Doctor Watson disappears into the bathroom, and Tristram hears the water turn on. Emily gets out orange juice and butter, and they settle down to breakfast.
"Laser tag," Sherlock repeated with an incredulous expression. John had a brief moment of agonising uncertainty that he'd read this all wrong. In for a penny, though. Even if Sherlock hadn't meant this outing the way John had thought, John now did. This was a date, and he'd be damned if he wasn't going to go all out to make it a memorable one.
Sherlock didn't need to keep him in sight. He didn't want to catch up to him before his flat anyway. He made sure to allow enough time for John's slower pace. It looked like his leg was bothering him again.
"So you thought you'd play my minder, screen my contacts. Bit controlling, don't you think?" Sherlock said bitterly.
Doctor Watson smiles a bit and looks a little less intense. "Okay, that's great. That is really, really great. Because then you know that you can trust me in this too. I will find someone for you to talk to, and I will make sure your dad makes an appointment for you with them, and that he takes you. And if you want, I'll make sure he stays right there in the waiting room the whole time, just like we did during Emily's session. Okay?"
Tristram shakes his head and reassures Doctor Watson: "No, my father walked with me. He had something to take care of, though, so he already left."
"No, why would I-" Sherlock fought down his heartbeat, drew a cool mask over his face. "Oh, the play." He shook his head, ostensibly in irritation at John's forgetfulness. "No, I told you I haven't any way of contacting him."
Sherlock nodded absently, using the last few seconds to glean several more pieces of information from the phone before handing it back. It wasn't until John was out the door that Sherlock remembered the cane that was stashed under his desk. Or the fact that he'd meant to tell him he needn't return tomorrow.
John chuckled. "Something to aim for, then." His eyes twinkled playfully before taking on a more serious cast. "Really though, you understand. I want us both to be sure, and not to rush into things in the heat of the moment and regret it later."
"What's the case? Is it one of the ones you were looking at last night?" John asked once they were on their way with Sherlock behind the wheel of the hired car.
Tristram tries again, because now it's out, and he wants to know. "You and my father? Did you get married?"
Doctor Watson's eyes gleam and he leans forward, putting both elbows on the table - something which Tristram has been reprimanded for exactly twice in this house before he learned not to do it, but Grandmother doesn't even bat an eyelash this time - so he can follow Father's story better. He murmurs things like 'how in the world' and 'fantastic' and 'you can't be serious' and 'incredible'.
Doctor Watson rolls up his shirtsleeves and takes a pair of gloves out of his case, which somehow has made it out into the hall with them. He must have picked it up as they moved through the flat. As he's putting the gloves on, Doctor Watson says, "I'm just going to roll you over like a big log, all right? Make sure there's nothing there, then we'll put you right back down. You need to hold your arm really stiff against your side like this." He demonstrates, stretching his own arm down along his side.
Father stops what he's doing on his computer and looks over at Tristram. His face looks eerie and distorted in the yellowish glow from his screen.
John reached down for his trousers. "No, it's all right, I'll go for you," he said amiably and started to pull them on.
John leaned back and grinned up at Sherlock. "I was thinking of the Great Freezer Meltdown of 2010."
"I'm fine, John," Sherlock says. His voice is disturbingly gentle, and that's enough to lessen the heat of John's anger for the moment.
Tristram thought they spoke another language in Switzerland - and to be sure, many of the people waiting with them at baggage claim and queuing in the tiny bank weren't speaking English, but that's no different than London. All of the airport signs, though, are in English - Information, Bank, Check-in, Shopping, Taxi, Gates, Parking. Some look like whoever made the sign wasn't sure how to spell, like Telefon/Telephone and Toiletten/Toilets. But some of the signs have words in what must be another language in addition to the English - Gepäckausgabe/Baggage Claim, Ausgang/Exit, Zoll/Customs. Extrapolating, that must mean that the 'misspelled' words are also in that other language. Tristram wonders what it is.
Tristram thinks again of all the things he thought of that morning: playing and laughing and bedtime and all the rest. "Yeah," he agrees, and has to smile too.
Sherlock's smile deepened. "Yes." He turned his head to look at John from beneath his lashes. His silver-green eyes crinkling at the corners. Knowing. Inviting. John's breath stuck in his throat, his heart hammering madly. His hands steady as steel. He couldn't have stopped himself at that point if he'd tried, which he didn't. There was no need, because Sherlock was leaning in too to meet him, his eyes sinking, until their lips met.
Tristram finds it upsetting as well. He doesn't want Father and John to stop being friends. Especially now that... well, especially now. Today was so good. On the other hand, they've had disagreements before. Lots of them. Although they're not generally so loud. Yet somehow things have always been better the next day. Plus, Father's still in the bedroom. He hasn't stormed out or kicked John out, like he would if it were Uncle Mycroft he were arguing with.
Tristram nods. "That's where we went today. We had lunch with her at another hotel up in the mountains."
Tristram shakes his head. He doesn't want to say it, doesn't want to revisit the kiss on the beach or the kiss-and-more in the bedroom. "I don't know," is all he can say.
"Damn, Harriet!" Sherlock chided himself, although he wasn't really bothered. He would have needed more evidence to deduce that.
He would have liked to take a sample of the water to Molly and have her run some tests on it, but he could never figure how to keep back enough to be useful, with Sherlock hanging over him until he finished and whisking the glass away to wash the moment he was. He did the next best thing and had every conceivable test done on his blood the next day, but of course they couldn't find anything.
"Jesus Christ..." John managed when Sherlock finally lifted his head. "All right," he said gamely, his eyes still a little hazy from the kiss. "Hold on."
The Swiss card game is 'Jass' (pronounced 'yahss'). It's something like pinochle, apparently (not that I know how to play pinochle) and is considered a national sport in Switzerland. Tournaments are broadcast every Saturday evening on Swiss television. You can read a bit about the game
It doesn't seem to be any sort of disincentive to Emily to follow through on her plan, at any rate. She opens the door and goes out. Tristram sighs and scrambles to follow her, not even taking time to put on socks. The floor is freezing. He catches up with her on the stairs. She's taking them slowly, maybe because she's trying to be quiet or maybe just because she's not familiar with them in the dark.
As their amusement fades to a faint soreness in Sherlock's cheeks, he decides to press forward with the reason he's here tonight. He facilitated their reconciliation once before. He can do it again. This will make John happy, in the long run. Molly is right: John shouldn't be alone. Anyone can see that alone does not make him happy.
He pulls back to see there's blood smeared on John's upper lip and cheek. Sherlock's blood. It will have to serve, in lieu of any more overtly possessive gesture. He scrabbles at John's flies, his fingers uncoordinated in the aftermath of his system reset. John chuckles and doesn't help him, which Sherlock first thinks is rather unsporting of him, but then recalls the taped fingers of his left hand. John does help, then, once the button is open and the zip is down, getting up on his knees to work his jeans and pants down one-handed past his hips, just far enough to expose his penis. It juts out at an angle from his body and already has beads of clear fluid welling up from it. Sherlock's mouth starts watering in anticipation.
Someone catches up to Tristram and pulls even with him. It's a man wearing a black knit hat, just like Mister Tonga did that morning in Grandmother's stable. Tristram has a heart-stopping moment of being convinced it is Mister Tonga. Even once the man passes by without so much at glancing at Tristram and Tristram has seen his fair complexion - knows that he can't possibly be -
"Because my mother left right after I was born," Tristram says matter-of-factly. Uncle Mycroft told him that a long time ago. Tristram hadn't even asked. He just said it while they sat next to each other on the piano bench one afternoon at his house. Uncle Mycroft was playing the Moonlight Sonata at the time, and he didn't even stop. Just kept calmly moving his fingers over the keys as he told Tristram about his mother deciding he was better off with his father and bowing out of the picture. Those were Uncle Mycroft's words: 'She bowed out of the picture.' Tristram always imagined a woman whose face he couldn't see standing on a stage and bowing at the waist as the spotlight went out.
"Sherlock?" John called upstairs. "Can you come down? Might want to throw something on." To the man, he said, "I'll ..." and gestured at the kitchen.
Sherlock wanted to touch John. Constantly. As he sat in the corner drinking his morning coffee and watched John chatting cheerfully with Molly on the other side of the teachers' lounge by the tea things, he feared the sign over his head not only now announced that he and John had shagged, but something a great deal more emotionally compromising.
John laughs again. "You're kidding, right? You don't know Bletchley Park? Top intelligence factory during World War Two. The best minds in the country, working to break the German codes. Shortened the war by two years, apparently." He gives Sherlock's knee what is meant to be a final squeeze, but lets his hand linger, his eyes caught by Sherlock's.
"I thought..." She looks at Tristram hesitantly. "Could I have Tris's dad in there? It's only fair, if he's got you." She seems to be asking Tristram's permission, so Tristram shrugs and nods. It doesn't matter to him one way or the other. In fact, he's pretty happy to hear that she trusts and likes his father so much. He'd worried earlier that she would find him odd or off-putting, the way so many people seem to – and especially as Father and Doctor Watson got off to such a rocky start - but she's been nothing but enthusiastic and interested in him from the start.
Sherlock scoffed. "You'd have been able to handle a serial killer dressed as a clown on your own, I've no doubt."
He smiled faintly. "We will see. We have started off like this, and it has been successful thus far. Now ..." Here he lowered his hand, and his somber demeanor was replaced by something much more like his usual cavalier confidence. "Show me what booty you have returned with from your voyages."
Sherlock steps into the pub. It's dim and smells of stale beer and cigarettes even though no smoking is allowed on the premises. John is sitting at one of the tables lining the perimeter of the room. He has already spotted Sherlock. He sighs and looks down at his pint. Sherlock goes to the bar and orders one for himself. The last time they went to a pub together was John's stag night. This may not have been the best idea after all. Sherlock dismisses the thought. It's too late now. He takes the glass from the barman and walks back to John.
"Yes," Sherlock agreed, with everything unspoken those eyes were saying. All of a sudden, he didn't want to spend a loud, cheap lunch hour being jostled in Speedy's. They'd still have to be back in time for afternoon classes, of course, but... Sherlock took out his mobile and scrolled through his contacts until he found the number he wanted.
She sits back, letting her hand slide away from Tristram's. He lets his breath out. He didn't even know he was holding it.
Your potatoes should be boiled by now, drain them leaving some of the water near the bottom, mash them with the rice milk until a puree forms. Taste and season with salt and pepper.
Finally, finally, all of the handshakes and well-wishes and flowers and photographs were done, the children were bundled off with their families, tired but happy, the parents smug with visions of little Susie and Georgie being the next Hollywood darling.
Sarah stepped away, grabbing John's hand as she walked backwards toward the bed. "Absolutely. Let's talk about you and me and that gorgeous dick of yours." She laughed a little and lifted her top over her head.
This time, she and John were headed to Glasgow. There was a jazz festival on, and John had managed to get his hands on some tickets. Sarah was looking forward to three days of lie-ins and sightseeing, and two nights of silky saxophones, smoky-voiced singers, and lots of sex. She was going to be rather cross if she wasn't sore everywhere come Monday.
But Father doesn't seem to be listening. "And outside?" he presses. "Was there someone there? Another light?"
Father read to them before, of course, back at their flat. Tristram had been mildly surprised that he'd agreed when Emily asked him, but he'd been quite willing; perhaps even flattered.
"No, not that. This whole thing." John's fingers twitch against Sherlock's chest, digging lightly into the flesh as if trying to grasp something there. "This wasn't... it's not how it was supposed to go. How did we end up here, Sherlock?" His voice comes out gritty, sounding a little lost even to his own ears. He's not making much sense, he knows, but he doesn't quite know how to put what's bothering him into words.
John slowly lifts his arm and takes half a step back. "It's all right, Ems," he says, but his voice doesn't sound reassuring at all. He flexes his hand at his side and continues to watch Irene. His eyes are like knives and fire.
Tristram thinks back to what Uncle Mycroft said when they asked him what their fathers were doing that night. "My Uncle Mycroft said it wasn't exactly a case," he recalls. "Just some business." He wonders now what exactly Uncle Mycroft meant with 'business'. Monkey business. Funny business. Tricky business. He's learned that his uncle has a way of using words that allow him to say one thing while meaning quite another. None of your business.
"God," Moriarty groans, "it's just a bit of hazing. Can't you take a joke?" He rolls his eyes and stands. "But you're right - you see, Irene, this is why I need him," he says reasonably as he comes to the front of the desk. He leans back against it beside her. "He's going to keep me on track. All work and no play..." He puts on a gormless expression. "Makes Jim dull!" he drones, pretending to be thick. "But necessary," he continues in his normal voice. "I have so many
This went on for a couple of weeks, and Tristram mentioned it to Uncle Mycroft - really just mentioned; he's not even sure why he said anything at all because he knows Father absolutely hates for Tristram to say anything about him to Uncle Mycroft. Tristram didn't think anything further of it, but when he and Father went down to Mrs Hudson's on Christmas afternoon a few days later to exchange their gifts, there was a mysterious package waiting for Father under her tree.
John had moved back in with Sherlock sometime during that whole fuzzy phase. Greg hadn't exactly been keeping tabs, but he'd stopped by to drop off a file for that first case back, and had found John in the kitchen warming up a bottle and Sherlock holding the screaming kid, jostling her up and down on his shoulder. Both as casual about the whole thing as if this was their regular routine. Which it probably was. Which was... unexpected, and yet not. John had taken the baby as soon as the bottle was ready and said he'd take her up to bed, then disappeared upstairs, where the cries soon dwindled.
Sherlock only had to wait a minute or two before John arrived in the teachers' lounge. Sherlock smiled from where he was sitting and held up the cardboard cup.
It's clear that he expects Emily to go back into the bedroom without him, but she stands her ground, equally clearly not going to move until he goes with her.
So she does, and Doctor Watson starts to read. Tristram is the kind of listener who follows along with his eyes if he has the text in front of him, so it doesn't take long before he's leaning closer in order to be able to see the page better. He likes the way Doctor Watson reads. He doesn't read too fast - not the way Father did, actually, that one time he read to them up in Tristram's room back home - and he does all the voices so well that Tristram can tell who's supposed to be talking even without the names. He's a little embarrassed to find, when the chapter draws to a close, that he's ended up with his head resting on Doctor Watson's shoulder and his cast lying on Doctor Watson's leg. It turns out that there's not actually anything in that chapter about the Triwizard Tournament and who's going to be the champion for Hogwarts, so Emily pleads with her father to read the next chapter too.
Tristram reaches out and takes the phone. It's smaller and rounder than the flat, sleek black and silver phones that adults have. The case is a burnished metallic blue, and the display is larger than the keypad. In fact, there are only four keys arranged around a cross-shaped directional pad. The keys are numbered 1, 2, and 3, and the fourth key has a telephone receiver symbol on it, probably for starting and ending calls. Tristram wonders how he's supposed to dial with only three numbers. But still. A phone! He bets not even Sebastian has his own phone.
"And the man at the toboggans," Tristram adds. Although he didn't speak it very well. Still, it must count.
Doctor Watson sucks in an involuntary breath and makes a helpless little sound in the back of his throat. When he speaks again, though, his voice is steady. "All right, Tris? Are you still with me?"
Tristram realises with a start that she's right. Not the latter point, which is entirely irrelevant, but the first part. He was so distracted by her eyes and everything they were trying to say to - or hide from - him that he didn't notice: she knew his name. A prickly shiver runs down Tristram's back and lodges in his stomach, and this time it is fear. Not so much that he loses track of everything else, but still uncomfortable enough that he wants to go back upstairs and find his father. He doesn't, though. Doctor Watson is here with them, not letting them out of his sight. He won't let anything happen.
something. No words were spoken, no sounds at all other than the soft whispers of breath against each other's skin and into each other's mouths, the moist-slick pops of their lips and tongues meeting and parting, and the heavy rustle of their clothing. Yet Sherlock understood, he perceived every syllable of what John was telling him:
"I don't think that's quite the reason," Doctor Watson says with a wry smile. He's sitting on the end of the couch bed, which is now all set up. It's also a double, although not as wide as the bed in the bedroom. "I think it's more that back when they were first wiring houses for electricity and inventing things that needed to be plugged in, no one thought they might want to take their lamps and toasters with them on holiday. So everyone invented their own ..." Doctor Watson stops. Father is leaning back in his chair watching him with an amused expression. Doctor Watson grins, first at him, then at Tristram. "Your dad's right, Tris. It's because people are idiots."
She closed her eyes and dropped her head down between her shoulders, enjoying the tension building, suspended in those three points of contact between the two of them. "Mm, yeah, how about you?"
"No, no, nothing aside from the vomiting, and he's been fine since," Father mutters dismissively. "Lemon: what do they mean? When life gives you lemons, make lemonade; oranges and lemons say the bells of St Clement's... Yes, St Clement's," he repeats and dashes to his computer, continuing to ramble on.
Tristram is ... He doesn't know what he is. Surprised? Not at the sentiment behind the request, not at this point. At the forthrightness, yes. Tristram sort of thought they'd all continue not openly acknowledging what was going on. But after the pictures of them kissing came out, Doctor Watson had said he wanted to sit down with them and talk about it. And here they are, all sitting down.
He recognised that he was coming dangerously close to flirting. The thought didn't disgust him. It was like trying on a part, testing himself, seeing if he could maintain the persona. Only it wasn't a sham, this was all him. John didn't know him well enough to tell the difference, which was probably a good thing, otherwise he might have felt even more foolish. He very soon found that he had a heightened awareness of his body: how his jacket pulled across his shoulders when he stretched to unlock a strut, exactly how close his fingers came to John's when they dragged the keyboard stand into position. The way his hips moved when he walked across the room.
"Sorry," John said, "but what's the problem? You're not jealous, are you? Wanted to take charge of the play yourselves?"
Sherlock turned at the sound of John's voice to see him coming over with the mayor in tow. John flashed a grin at Sherlock as he steered the mayor to Lestrade and made sure they shook hands. Sherlock didn't think he would ever completely get used to the little leap his heart made when he saw John after they'd been apart for several hours. But then maybe he would never know.
"I don't think you can really control that. Look, it... " He sighs a little, apparently seeing he's going to have to be straight with her. "It tells about when Harry's parents died. It's pretty vivid. I don't think that's a scene we need to paint in any greater colour."
He doesn't really listen to her story about being there to do some work for Magnussen either because he's just realised he's sitting at a dark booth in a hotel bar in the city he lives in with a woman who's not his wife, and he's not wearing his wedding ring.
"Do you want me to-" John tentatively caressed Sherlock's penis, which was actually looking rather limp.
The way he sees it, there are two ways this could go. He could pull back again, deflect with a comment about it being bad form to shag your best friend's ex anyway and pretend the last five minutes or so never happened...
"Bye," Tristram responds automatically, startled into immobility. At least Doctor Watson didn't kiss him.
Sherlock felt something touch his hand and looked down to see John's hand fumbling to get a grip on his where he held onto John's hip. His left hand. Not the one he'd had up John's arse, but still not exactly sanitary. John knew that, but did it anyway. Needed some sort of ridiculous reassurance, even now with the proof of Sherlock's attraction to him lodged firmly in his arse. Sherlock didn't see a need for verbal confessions or declarations; the fact was, he regularly exhibited clear evidence of physical and emotional attraction to John. Inexplicably, inconveniently, and constantly. If John was too unobservant to notice it, that wasn't Sherlock's problem.
He stops a few steps inside the entryway, the energy thrumming off him. He has heavy stubble on his cheeks and his eyes are bloodshot yet bright.
It would have been easy. Sherlock wanted to. John could feel it. Wanted him to. John wanted to also. So much. So much he could taste it. He already knew what Sherlock would taste like. Not the toothpaste or the traces of nicotine, but Sherlock himself. He had his breath in his nostrils, in his mouth, already. It was as familiar as water. As necessary. It was so hard not to give in. But he needed to see him. Needed to look into his eyes and know this was real, not a twilight phantom that only existed in the witching hour, something that would dissolve with daylight, ignored or denied.
" -he spits the word out from between gritted teeth- "about ten minutes later telling me to meet him here." He lifts his phone, which he is still holding in his hand. "And of course he refuses to
There are pine boughs with red bows wound around the pillars holding up the roof over the broad stairs leading up to the entrance of the hotel. Suitcases are being unloaded by a man in a red uniform from a car that wouldn't be out of place in Uncle Mycroft's garage. Tristram's still not sure it's the sort of thing his father would have chosen, given his druthers, but it looks very much like the kind of place Uncle Mycroft would stay. For his part, Tristram doesn't care much, as long as it has beds.
Tristram's heart is still racing, but he knows where he is now. The grey veil is their tent. They're in his room at home. And he can't find his phone because he didn't put it under his pillow last night. He left it on the desk to charge.
Both he and John having a monitor tuned in to the same signal, both listening to John's daughter sleeping peacefully upstairs, was nice in its own way. Like looking at the moon in Istanbul and knowing that the same moon was shining down on John in England. And that he might even be looking up at it in the same moment.
Doctor Watson pushes his chair back. "Thank you for dinner," he says to Grandmother as he stands. "I appreciate your hospitality, especially given all the-" He waves his hand vaguely toward the French windows, which Tristram finds puzzling; does he mean the weather? "- and I know this is all a very big imposition. But your son is the most incredible, most interesting person I've ever met, and if not even his opinions count, then I'm afraid the rest of us haven't a chance."
John reluctantly let go of Sherlock's nipples and moved further down the bed so that he could reach between Sherlock's legs. Sherlock shifted his legs apart again, slowly this time to avoid jostling the chain. If he still had that much control and presence of mind, he really wasn't ready yet, John realised. He could see the broad, round black base of the dildo jutting out from between Sherlock's glistening arse cheeks, slick with the copious amount of lubricant he'd used earlier to insert it. He grasped the gently vibrating device and slowly jiggled it back and forth to see if it was stuck anywhere, but it seemed to be easy enough to dislodge.
Afternoon lessons were a nightmare. Sherlock was well aware he was presenting the material too fast and skipping vital steps, but he was in a race now to get to the end of the day, when he could talk to Lestrade. It didn't help any to see John watching him from where he was sitting with one of the groups, not saying anything, his expression becoming grimmer and grimmer, his jaw hardening more and more. Sherlock finally resorted to telling the children to get out their reading books and work silently for the remaining half hour.
Sherlock flutters his fingers dismissively and takes a step away. "It's my fault. It was an imposition on my part. I shouldn't have assumed you would go with him. You told me quite plainly you wanted to go home to your daughter, and I all but forced you-"
After school, Doctor Watson is waiting for Tristram and Emily with a cab. Tristram expects they'll all go back to Baker Street, but Doctor Watson apologises and explains that with all the excitement that morning, he forgot Emily has an appointment to see the lady with the Geomag and the ping-pong. Tristram had forgot all about her too. Father said he'd make an appointment for Tristram, but he didn't, and now Tristram will just have to tag along and wait with Doctor Watson in the waiting room, which isn't fair at all. Emily doesn't think so, either, and says she won't go in without him, but Doctor Watson asks her to please not make it any more difficult, and Tristram can tell he's this close to losing his temper. Emily goes, dragging her feet.
, more or less letting Gladstone take the lead, until they somehow ended up standing in front of Sherlock's house. The friendly, casual mood dissolved, leaving something uncertain in its wake. Which was stupid, because John had been inside before and everything had been fine that time and there was no reason to think anything would be different now. But John put his hands in his pockets and hunched his shoulders up against the wind.
I laid my hand over his against my neck. "No, not for me; for both of us. You can wear this if you would rather, I simply did not know another way to offer than ..."
"It was-" John looks up to catch Sherlock's eye. "Sherlock, people died. People I knew. Christ, I thought
"That's not the point! If he lives, he's got twice as much reason to come after us now, with the full strength of the organisation behind him!"
Doctor Watson looks down. "Oh, nice idea," he says, sounding surprised and pleased. "I was trying to figure out how to handle two at once, otherwise I would have offered to take it earlier."
Sherlock couldn't help a wry chuckle escaping at that. John was good. Oh, yes, he was very good. Sympathy and honour hadn't worked, and so he had moved on to Sherlock's pride in his intellect. Not only that, but pitting him against his brother. And he was right: Sherlock couldn't let that challenge go unanswered. That alone deserved a momentary victory, even if Sherlock knew that in the end, he would be proven right.
I have been reliably informed that children in the UK are not held back in school due to absences, so Emily and Tristram would have nothing to worry about.
John laid the knife carefully aside, making sure the blade was safely ensconced in the skin. He'd have to make a proper sheath for it. Sherlock's kisses were becoming more heated, and John returned them with equal fervour.
"Morning," John slurred, his speech sleep-rough. He turned his head to blink blearily at his bedmate. Sherlock lay on his side, just as they'd fallen asleep the night before. Well, as he'd been when John fell asleep, listening to him monologue on blue gems and creepy bicyclists, silver roadsters and an illegitimate son. Mostly, anyway. They were no longer touching, John's hands neatly folded over his chest and Sherlock's tucked under his pillow. Sherlock's chin was stubbly and his hair was pressed flat, and his eyes were a little bloodshot, as if he'd slept about as well as John, which was: not very. John thought he was the most fantastic thing he'd ever seen, and his heart skipped a happy beat.
Doctor Watson's eyes get so big Tristram can see the whites all the way round. "Oh my G- No, we did not get married, is that what you- " He shakes his head back and forth. A lot. "No, Tris. Your father and I are not married. Not that it wouldn't- But no. No. Two people don't always get married first before they kiss, and other things," Doctor Watson explains. "Sometimes they like to kiss and hug a bit first, to see if they really like the other person. Not that we're even
Sherlock was distracted for the rest of the morning. He was writing on the board with his back to the room when John delivered the trio back to the class. He made sure to keep writing until John left with the next pair.
"Shut up, just listen." John kicked Sherlock gently under the blanket, the ball of his foot against Sherlock's calf. His trousers had hitched up, and John hit skin. Warm and taut. Triceps surae. Compact, powerful. Sherlock didn't move away. Neither did John. His heart hit two beats in quick succession. "Anyway," John said, at least half of his mind now firmly lodged under the covers, "he goes downstairs and his flatmate is sitting in the kitchen frying eyeballs."
There was a convenience store up ahead that was still open. Alcohol might make things easier, whichever direction things took.
"Quiet. Quiet!" he bellowed. "Alfie, that means you." He pointed at a boy who was lifting his chair onto a desk. Everyone stopped what they were doing and turned toward Sherlock. "The next person to so much as touch his table will be in detention for the remainder of the term."
"This isn't right," John says, staring at the dark pink slash extending beyond the reach of his fingers.
John slid his hands around Sherlock's sides to his back so he could hold him in a loose embrace. "Yeah, you're right. Wish I could have skipped a few of them, though."
"Yeah. Lack of response didn't give you a clue?" John mutters. He flicks his gaze at Sherlock but looks away almost immediately.
They ended up joining a free-for-all skirmish with two other parties: three late teen boys cashing in a birthday present and four members of a country-and-western band in town for a holiday gig. John emerged after the twenty-minute session with the largest number of hits registered to his laser gun, while Sherlock came out completely unscathed. John almost would have suspected him of hiding in a corner of the labyrinth somewhere for the duration, except Sherlock had also clocked a fair number of hits himself.
"You're not supposed to talk to anyone about an ongoing investigation. You might prejudice a witness or pervert the course of justice," Tristram informs Doctor Watson earnestly. He supposes Doctor Watson might really not know how these things work. He has to remind himself that he's just a doctor and has little practical experience in criminal matters.
"We're just off," Aunt Clara says. "Date night." She exchanges a look with her wife that Tristram doesn't quite get the significance of, although it looks like they think she's just made a joke.
They wander up toward the hotel with the rest of the tourists, but rather than go into the building or take a seat at one of the tables set up outside, Father leads Tristram to the far end of the stone terrace, which ends abruptly in a steep drop. There's a thin railing for protection, but it would be all too easy to slip through the bars and end up on the rocky slope below.
"I got my mobile," she tells him happily, patting the pocket of her jeans. "My dad packed everything and brought it along." She seems very relieved. "Yours too?"
Here's a picture of the ruins of St. Michael's Cathedral in Coventry, which served as the venue for the play in the movie: http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Coventry_Cathedral_ruins.jpg
John silently undresses down to his pants and undershirt. He turns on the bedside lamp and turns off the overhead one, then gets into bed, lying on his side facing Sherlock's back with his head propped up on one hand. Sherlock has remained perfectly still the whole time. His back is hunched, collapsed in on himself a bit, and his hands are gripping the side of the mattress as if he might topple over otherwise.
"One of the kids could have come in!" John says, scandalised, but his eyes are fixed on the shape outlined beneath Sherlock's hand.
John kept his focus on Gladstone. "Yes, funny thing," he agreed pleasantly enough. "I guess you were right about it being psychosomatic."
"I should be there to pick him up by eight," Tristram's father tells Doctor Watson. Tristram feels like his face is going to split from smiling so hard. That's almost five whole hours! The possibilities are endless.
"My God, Sherlock," he says, chuckling, "speaking of childish. It is a sausage. This is how one eats a sausage."
"Ahbfloog," Father says over his shoulder. He stops so that the rest of them can catch up. "It's German for 'departure'." So that answers what the other language is.
"You can knock on the door and I'll come out and help you. But only if it's really a bad dream, or if you or Tris are sick." Doctor Watson looks at Tristram too, including him in the rule.
"Wh- Right, okay," John says, although he doesn't look like he buys it completely. "And he knows all about Tris's mother? Irene, she goes by now?"
"There's no case, is there." John doesn't really need to ask. Sherlock isn't moving the way he does when he's on a trail. He would never have stood chatting with Janine if there were really a suspect whose room needed watching. In fact, he wouldn't have come to fetch John personally either. He would have sent a text, at most.
Sherlock squirmed, wishing he had something in his hands to fiddle with. If he was going to be teased, he really would call it off. "No, like the person who will field all the unavoidable questions and lie through their teeth to keep this farce going until it can blow up even more spectacularly in our faces than it would if we simply ended it now."
A sharp rap on the door frame has both children raising their heads to see Tristram's father standing in the open doorway.
"I bet she was pretty too," Emily muses, referring to Tristram's mother. Tristram has no way of judging so he doesn't say anything.
"You too, Em," he says to Emily once Sherlock's disappeared into the bathroom. "Let's get you tucked in." He puts his arm around her shoulders and steers her out to the living room, where a pillow and duvet are spread on the couch. The lightweight curtains that used to adorn the windows have been replaced by heavy, dark drapes that are currently pulled tightly shut.
The problem was, John might not think that of Sherlock any more. Sherlock was aware that he'd driven John away several times now. One of these times would be the last. This wasn't supposed to be an experiment in how much abuse John could take. It was supposed to show Sherlock whether he wanted to get close to another person, whether the overall positives outweighed the negatives. Clearly, he thought they still did, because he had his phone out and was composing a text.
Tristram shakes his head desperately. Why doesn't Father understand? There wasn't anything there, but the curtain was open! The curtain is not allowed to be open. Ever.
"And it turns out," Sherlock interjected, turning his head toward John, "that the clown wasn't a mannequin at all but a deranged serial killer. The two flatmates run upstairs, capture him, and the flatmate's brother makes sure the story stays out of the papers. The end. That was pathetic, John. Not scary at all."
"Then why did you speak French to the lady at the airport and the man at the hotel?" Tristram wants to know.
It's almost dark. They left London at 1:13 pm. The flight took an hour and forty-five minutes, but it's an hour later in Switzerland than it is in England. Tristram's not sure how that can be; surely if it is three o'clock in London right now, it is also three o'clock here. There's not really such a thing as a time machine. Is there? In any case, the new time zone, combined with the time of year and the weather, means it's impossible to see much beyond the runway, the other airplanes waiting their turn and the service vehicles zipping around like bugs on the surface of the water.
John glanced over his shoulder at the next hearth. Space was at a premium in the cave they'd adopted as their shelter for the season, and they were practically living on top of each other. Hudson's mate and her protegee, Molly, were already lying huddled under their piles of skins, their fire little more than a reddish glow. A baby was whimpering somewhere further back - probably Sally's latest - and a low, rhythmic grunting foretold the possibility of a new one sometime in the fullness of the hot season. Privacy was pretty much a foreign concept, but if Sherlock had really wanted it, John considered, they could have gone somewhere outside.
Sherlock shakes his head. "It was my fault," he says quietly. "I should have realised it from the first message."
Sherlock bent over as well as he could without John slipping out and met John's lips for a brief kiss, not nearly satisfying enough for either of them. Then, with a final effort, he relaxed down all the way and his buttocks met John's thighs. John was in.
Sherlock was comparing the consistency of the sap on two different varieties of tree when he heard a voice he'd thought was permanently part of his past.
Emily is being uncharacteristically quiet. In fact, she hasn't said anything since they went into Grandmother's studio. Tristram tries to think of what might be wrong, but comes up with too many possibilities: the rain, Grandmother's pink comments, their conversation at breakfast, or maybe she's coming down with something... Further observation would likely tell him more, but sometimes the direct approach is best.
Both men lean imperceptibly closer to each other, but before anything else can happen, Irene pipes up.
Here be smut. There is a bit of plot at the beginning, so I recommend you read at least until they've drunk the soju. After that we earn our Explicit rating in spades, so feel free to step out for a tea at that point and come back for chapter seventeen if it's not your thing.
Doctor Watson comes back into the living room, carrying two mugs. His face looks thunderous, but it relaxes slightly as he sits down on the edge of the couch next to Tristram again. Tristram can hear his father in the kitchen, banging things.
was the one who trusted you. You've been given chance after chance after chance. I've stood up for you, I've covered you, I've put my arse on the line for you. I trusted you with children, small actual lives. I thought this whole thing with the play, that it was something you'd rise to the challenge of, but it's been nothing but a slow march down to hell from start to finish, isn't that right?"
I did. Of course I did. I had lived it, and felt it in my soul. We had been confrères, intimate friends; but in the eyes of the world we could never be more. Two men might share rooms, food, tobacco, adventures, illness, laughter, perils, breath, each other's bodies, but they could never be to each other what a man and woman might, given the blessing of a parson or priest. Not even if their souls could only be fulfilled in each other's arms and their destinies at each other's sides. I understood.
Emily appears appeased. "Cool!" she says. Her eyes sparkle and she grins at Tristram. He remembers the pictures from the airplane magazine. It's a restaurant inside an actual igloo, with everything made of snow and ice. It did look very cool. In both senses of the word.
Does his father have bad feelings? Has Tristram made him feel bad? He must know - of course he does, he knows everything - that Tristram was unhappy (or scared, or angry, or … or something, he doesn't know) about him and Doctor Watson being together like that, even about them being friends, and that's why they stopped, that's why they aren't like that anymore, that's why they're sleeping in different rooms and not talking easily and laughing like they used to, and his father was sneaking around and sleeping on the floor just so he could be close to Doctor Watson but he ran away as soon as Tristram saw them. An unpleasant, prickly feeling lodges in Tristram's chest.
"Whatever it was, it's probably not what you think. Look, the thing about Sherlock is... He may not have much truck with the standard rules of society, but he's not actually malicious. If he does anything that looks dodgy, either he genuinely doesn't realise it, or there's a good reason behind it. Well, a good reason in Sherlock's mind, but more often than not it's valid at the core. Somehow." Mike gave him a hopeful, lopsided smile.
John watched his hand where it rested against the off-white material of Sherlock's shirt, which matched his own. 'Bone' was the actual shade, according to Sherlock's tailor. Their suits were 'ash'. John had half-expected him to suggest blood-red ties as their accent colour, but Sherlock had leapt in with the blue, so at least they didn't look entirely like a crime scene.
"An idea," Victor said vaguely then shook his head. The computer made shutting-down sounds. "Never mind. I really would have liked to hear about what you've been doing. I gather you're leading quite the interesting life." He inclined his head toward the computer, suggesting he'd been reading things on the internet.
This changed things. Of course it did. It had become too big to simply call off with a private word to Lestrade. Now that the mayor and City Council were involved, it was a wonder Mycroft hadn't contacted him yet.
"So let me get this straight: you hope a woman was maimed and disfigured to send you a message?" John says as if he very much hopes that isn't the case.
"Ooh, a case!" Janine exclaims, her eyes wide. "John, you naughty boy, you lied to me," she remonstrates him, grinning.
John slides closer to him on the seat so he can rest his hand on the back of Sherlock's neck. "She's an idiot. She doesn't deserve him."
Hearing that, hearing and seeing John's absolute conviction, Sherlock's stomach did something funny, and it wasn't the usual pleasant thing it had taken to doing around John.
"Mind the two of you wash your fingers before you come down. We wouldn't want the cards sticking together."
I must have cried out as well, or given some other indication of my instinct to rush forward and preserve the poor fellow, for I instantly felt a hand at my elbow, a body at my side, and a familiar voice in my ear.
At the mention of Doctor Watson, Tristram now also remembers the letter Mrs Hudson helped him with. "Could you please take a letter for Emily?" he asks before the assistant can leave. "I left it on the table."
John's approach might have been the more politic one, but it cut a bit too close to a denial. "She's right," Sherlock said.
Tristram expects Irene will say she's off someplace like the Bahamas or Iceland, but instead her face brightens and she tells him, "I'm going to stay with Kate for a while. She has a house right here in London. I told you: no more disappearing acts. I'd like it very much if you'd come visit us." It's not just a tossed-out invitation. Something about the quiet way she says it tells Tristram it's important to her. Then she adds, with a bit more jolliness, "I can't promise anything quite as exciting as the past couple of weeks, but I'm sure we can find something to do."
"John's working," Sherlock says curtly and leans in to get a better look at the victim's tongue, which has nearly been severed. But only nearly. Indicator number five.
"What is it?" Father asks as he swings his legs around to sit up properly. His voice comes out deep and rough.
Tristram hears Emily moving around some more. He can't really see her, but he fancies the darker shape silhouetted against the sheet is her sitting up.
"Tell Mal and the boys I love them," he said. "You too, John." He reached one thin arm out from underneath the blanket to reach for John's arm. His grip was weak, barely able to hold on, but his eyes were clear and steady. Then he turned his face toward the floor and vomited thinly.
"No. No, no, no." Moriarty shook his head, but kept his eyes now locked on John like a wolf on its prey. "You see, I haven't even
"Hey, what'd you do with your suitcase?" Emily asks, having just noticed the piggy-backed suitcases at Father's side.
"There might have been something there," Father growls, looking away at the floor. He takes his hand away from Tristram's, stands up and goes over to the wall where the window is. Standing beside it, he lifts the edge of the curtain carefully to look out.
"Oh, so you wouldn't have any problem with Irene handing Tristram back then, hm?" John says. "Not worried that might reduce Sherlock's incentive to work with you?"
"Here, can you sit up, Tris?" he asks. He sets the mugs down and puts an arm under Tristram's shoulders through the blanket to help him. It's nice, and Tristram leans into him more than he actually needs to. Doctor Watson picks up one of the mugs and holds it in front of Tristram. The liquid in it is thick and black, as if someone dumped one of his soil samples into a cup of water.
Moriarty shrugged at Sherlock apologetically. "The press. What can you do? Just a featurette for the weekend arts section. Don't feel like you have to leave, though. Stick around, we can chat some more later. Dr Watson," he said with the most consummately fake sincerity Sherlock had ever seen aside from his own, "it was an absolute pleasure." Then he withdrew, the student trailing nervously after him.
When Tristram wakes up, his heart gives a little jolt when he can't see anything but a vague grey veil, like a fog, hovering around him. Is he still at Llanbroc? He feels under his pillow. His phone isn't there. He sits bolt upright and throws his bedclothes around looking for it.
Molly and the children shoved around the big wooden boxes they were using as props to simulate the shape of the stable, while John went to the keyboard and shuffled through the sheets of music. Sherlock watched him out of the corner of his eye. When John found the song, he stood staring down at it for a long moment, then looked over at Sherlock. The expression on his face wasn't one of delight. It wasn't anger, either, though. It was that soft, quiet smile, the same one Sherlock had slipped into the leather photo album in his mind palace, and his heart swelled with the knowledge that he'd finally done something right.
Tristram is very uneasy about the man's curiosity regarding their fathers. The man who shot him also pretended to be nice and asked about his father and Doctor Watson. Tristram looks over at them, feeling anxious. They have finished their discussion and are coming back. Doctor Watson still looks grim, so Tristram supposes that Father won.
The decorative cowbells are huge things that are worn for the procession when the cows are driven up the mountain for the summer and down the mountain for the winter.
"I am a blank slate for you to paint once again," I quipped. I meant it half in jest and half in earnest. I did not expect to be left with any bruises or scrapes to hoard this time, but perhaps something of this night would remain imprinted on me in some way. My words seemed to resound with him as well, for his eyes turned dark and hungry, and his fingers traced mindless patterns on my skin, as if sketching out his masterpiece.
"Oh God, yeah, you're right. Next time shoot me or something." John rolls his head against the wall behind him so he can look Sherlock in the face again. His giggles slowly dissipate.
"I knew you'd come back. Tris said you always do." Emily throws her head back to look up at Sherlock, grinning. "Where is he? Did you leave him at home?"
"Thank you." She steps away from him, drawing her shoulders up as if to hoard the warmth inside her coat.
"This doesn't actually bother you, does it? I don't know why he asked me, really," Sherlock said, waving his hand around. "It would have made more sense for him to ask you in the first place. Or that sergeant, Dimblock --"
John had said he didn't mind on his stag night too. He'd almost thought... but they'd both been drunk. It wouldn't have been good. He'd probably read more into it than had been intended anyway. Like now. He and Sherlock had touched each other lots of times. Hugged, even. It had never led to anything more. It was just a sign of how close their friendship was. Natural.
"For Emily, yes. She and I both saw a grief counselor when Mary... when she was killed." John's jaw tightens for a moment, the corners of his mouth turned down. "It helped, I think. But this... It's brought everything back. She's worried about everything, constantly asking where I am, what I'm doing. She had a minor panic attack during school on Monday and wouldn't calm down until her teacher called me at work and let her talk to me. What about Tris?"
After John's had his tea and cleaned up in the kitchen, he goes to the living room and gathers up the bedding from the couch. He takes it into Sherlock's room, then comes back out, carrying the pillow and duvet from Sherlock's bed, and spreads them on the couch. He then picks up his duffel bag from where it was stowed behind the couch, turns off the lights, and goes down the hall to Sherlock's room.
"There you are, Sherlock," she trilled. "I haven't had a chance to tell you what a wonderful thing you've done for the school, getting your brother to come in and make a film."
in Meiringen with an airport that you can visit to see the military jets. I wanted to include it in the story because I liked the army connection for John, but then it just seemed like too much and I couldn't think of a good story-related reason for them to go there. But if you are ever in the area, it might be worth a visit. They also put on air shows once in a while.
Sherlock lifted his hands to put them on John's elbows and squeezed gently. They had been too shaky to work the fiddly tie pin clasp just moments ago, but they felt firm and solid now.
"Nope, no problem," John assured him firmly. "Just wasn't expecting it is all. It's fine." He cleared his throat expectantly. "Was there... You were looking for me just now?"
"Porky Shinwell told me you were after a man, Mr. Holmes," said she. "I'll tell you straight, if I can help to put him where he belongs, I'm yours to the rattle."
John inhaled and exhaled once, heavily. He nodded, looking down. Then his entire body stilled. Not relaxed. It was as if he'd been electrified, set on alert. His head snapped up. His eyes were keen and alive. Sherlock couldn't help his focus once again locking on to this ordinary, extraordinary man.
John smiles too and leans forward to kiss Sherlock, bracing his hand on Sherlock's thigh. "That it has."
"Not a problem," Sherlock assured him as he tried not to stare too hard. "Shall we?" He led the way up the stairs and into the coat room. John's presence at his back weighed heavier than Pandora's box.
Sherlock had said Mary's shot was surgery. John had taken that to mean something like laparoscopy, a minimally invasive procedure that required only a local anaesthetic and preserved the integrity of the operation site.
"The cathedral ruins, John." Sherlock dodged a gaggle of sixth-form girls (going to the cinema, one meeting a boy her parents don't approve of, one with marijuana in her handbag and a crush on the one with the fringe). God! Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut in frustration and nearly stepped in front of a car.
She showed up at the hotel restaurant, looking very fancy in a big fur coat, and they had lunch. She wanted to hear all about Tristram's school and what he liked to do and the places he liked to visit, and in return she told Tristram and Father all the places she'd been in the past eight years. There were a lot. She said that's why she had to leave Tristram with Father, because you couldn't drag a baby to places like Singapore and Dubai and New York. That certainly makes sense, even if Tristram hasn't been a baby for a very long time now. She never explained why she couldn't stay in London with him and Father. Tristram didn't ask.
John looked up. "They're unread," he confirmed. Sherlock huffed. Of course they were. Did anyone honestly think he would have ignored a direct question about the children's whereabouts?
Sarah chuckled around his kisses. Because of course, simply locking it wouldn't keep Sherlock out, should he be determined. "And the windows," she put in. "Don't think being on the third floor would stop him."
It turned out the club had several smaller rooms at its disposal. We were led into one which was appointed as a bedchamber. I recalled Shinwell Johnson's smirking hints at the purpose of these back-room hideouts, and suggested I would only have need of the wash basin in the corner to wipe away the few traces of our adventure.
Tristram's father smiles at Doctor Watson - a small, tentative smile - and Tristram sees his throat bob as he swallows. Is he nervous too? Well, it's understandable. Maybe he's also remembering what happened last time they were here, or he's anxious that Doctor Watson might blame him for what happened to his sister-in-law. (Even if she was an awful person, she still didn't deserve to be murdered.) It wouldn't be the first time that someone got angry at his father for catching a criminal. But Doctor Watson isn't angry at Tristram's father; at least, he smiles and nods and ducks his head and suggests they go to the kitchen, so he can finish dinner.
"I just told you, weren't you listening? They didn't want to kill her. This is a message of some kind. I only hope she knows what the message is, and whom it's meant for."
Doctor Watson is standing next to Father now by the counter, one hand on his shoulder and leaning in close while Father stirs sugar into his tea. It looks like Father's explaining something to Doctor Watson and Doctor Watson's listening intently - not upset or unhappy like he sometimes is when Father tells him his plans. In fact, he keeps nodding and murmuring things back with a serious, earnest expression, so he must agree. Unfortunately, their voices are too low for Tristram to hear. Plus, Emily keeps up a steady stream of chatter on topics such as who else in her class has been snowboarding, what a shame it is her phone doesn't have a camera, as she wants to take lots of pictures for Tristram, and where in the world her fuzzy blue socks are. The steady noise and flurry of motion she makes as she gets ready is actually starting to get to Tristram. Just when he thinks he's going to have to get up and go back into the bedroom to calm his head down, Doctor Watson and Father step away from the counter together.
Still, it had to end. Too soon. John's grip relaxed. Sherlock let his arms drop, sliding down John's back and chest. Loath to lose the contact. As they started to move apart, Sherlock turned his head just a bit to gather one last breath of scent. His mouth grazed John's cheek. Inadvertent. Caught the corner of his mouth. Unintentional. Mostly. Partially. John paused. He hadn't let go. Sherlock moved his head away, slowly. Plausible deniability. But John followed his motion, chasing after him, darting forward to reclaim the lost centimetres. Full on, mouths closed, not moving but impossible to deny. He held it for a few seconds. Three. Five. Then broke it off, resting his face against Sherlock's.
Tristram waits to the count of a hundred and twenty. Is Father still here? He only heard John going down the stairs, but it's so quiet now he thinks Father might have left as well. He allows himself to crack his eyes open. It's normal for a person's eyelids to open or flutter a bit while they're in REM sleep. Plus it's dark. Father won't see. He has to shift his head a bit - carefully, carefully, keeping his breathing nice and slow - but then he can see Father's shape - pale skin and white shirt - down low between the dresser and the door.
"Mummy does tutoring at the local grammar school," Sherlock reported, licking a jammy smear off his thumb.
The thought of him applying the surgical instruments to my tender chest provoked a carnal urge of such vehemence that my prick began to leak inside my drawers.
Doctor Watson says, "Yes, exactly. Maybe you can kind of talk me through the answers as you do them?"
Grandmother snorts a little. "Not the word I would have chosen. But it's probably best that you think so," she says, which is strange, because of course it's best to think people are nice. Doesn't she think Doctor Watson is nice? And if not, why does she like him? Or has Tristram misunderstood something again? "Go on now," she says and lets go of his hand. "Before they think I'm filling your brain with ideas."
All in all, it's starting to get dark by the time Tristram's done, but his bad mood is gone, and when he and Emily run upstairs to her room, she's shouting about making adjustments to their time machine so that they can visit other planets as well as traveling through time.
Tristram likes it when his father is happy, even if it has nothing to do with Tristram. He's feeling cosy and safe, and he has the promise that he can go to Emily's house any time they want now, so he's pretty happy himself. The rumbling of the car engine is making him drowsy when he hears his father say, "Why don't you try calling me now, Tristram. I don't trust that John programmed that thing correctly."
Tristram's thoughts must show on his face, because Father sighs in a put-upon way and says, "I ran into her last night and told John when I came back. You were already asleep. This was..." He shakes his head and straightens up away from the railing so he can face Tristram. "I suppose I expected her to show up again at some point, but I wasn't prepared for it to be now, and here. It is, though, and we simply have to make the best of it."
"Go get on the computer and track me," she tells him impatiently, then resumes resisting her imaginary kidnapper.
He doesn't think Emily would stop being his friend if Father and John weren't boyfriends anymore. John said he was Tristram's friend too. Maybe they could still go to the park on Sunday morning once in a while and have a bun. And maybe John would still sit in the waiting room while he plays games with Mrs Daniels. Maybe. But there definitely wouldn't be any stories at bedtime or having breakfast together. No more pillow fights. No more of John taking care of his injuries - not that Tristram expects to get hurt that badly again, but he's oddly come to enjoy their little nightly ritual of re-applying bandages and talking about things he'd never talk about with Emily or his father.
"We'll just make a long weekend of it," her father says. Tristram can tell he's trying to make it sound jolly, but his voice is strained. "Your teacher won't mind if you miss one day of school."
But if it's going to happen, Tristram is glad he's better prepared now. He knows not to go blindly with anyone, even if he knows them, unless his father has specifically told him beforehand that it's all right. And he knows how to call for help with the press of a single button. He fingers his phone in his pocket, memorising the position of each button, so he's sure to press the right ones without looking when the time comes.
Janine's mouth quirked up around her mouthful of scone. Famously undead indeed. Sherlock Holmes, the rascal. She hadn't thought of him in a while. The last she recalled seeing anything about him in the papers had been that Cereal Killer case several months back. She'd been shocked at the pictures. He'd obviously been unwell, looking even worse than when she'd visited him in hospital after he'd been shot, and that was saying something. John Watson had been visible in the background too, looking grim and haggard. Of course he had to be the long-time pal. It wasn't as if Sherlock Holmes had any other friends. Especially not ones he'd be shopping for rings with.
Well, almost never. She'd only seen him twice after the wedding: that one time at Sherl's place when he'd acted like a puffed up baboon, and then at the hospital where it had nearly come to physical blows before he'd been convinced to leave the room for five minutes so she and Sherlock could have some privacy. She'd chalked it all up to his feelings being hurt that Sherl had other friends, or possibly in the latter case (in hindsight, if she were generous), a genuine fear that she might pose some kind of danger. Still kind of a jerk. But maybe he'd been in some sort of denial too, harbouring feelings for his friend that he was afraid to act on or couldn't, being married to someone else. Maybe. Apparently?
"All right," Sherlock agreed. He suspected there was very little, if anything, he would be able to say no to when it came to John.
"Your house is so cool," she comments as she arranges the bits of skeleton on the newspaper they've laid out on Tristram's desk, trying to see how they might fit together.
"No, old stuff. Boring." Sherlock had ended up being distracted for more hours than he cared to admit reviewing his internal files on John. His actions, behaviour, reactions, quips, smiles, outfits, postures, and expressions. Sherlock told himself it was relevant. Not to Lestrade's wedding, that was immaterial. But to this new John Sherlock had had thrust upon him. This time it wasn't a psychosomatic limp he needed to heal. This time, the limp was emotional; much more subtle, much more entrenched.
"He spent quite a while playing with your breasts," he said once he'd completed his survey there. "Mouth and hands. Sucked and bit - not hard. You don't like it too rough. He enjoys your breasts quite a lot. Expected. You enjoy it too. You like the power they have over him."
His father comes to pick him up after school at the same time as Doctor Watson comes for Emily. Tristram hopes they'll make arrangements for dinner at their flat, or for him to go to Emily's after school sometime during the week, but the two men only speak briefly in low voices, close together and half turned away from Tristram and Emily, as if they don't want them to hear. Doctor Watson looks serious and intent, and his father looks like he does when he talks to Detective Inspector Lestrade, equal parts exasperation and excitement.
"Probably have done without that, yes," John conceded, a smile fighting to break through, and something lightened in Sherlock's heart. "But no, nothing else. All done with now. Greg and Molly are lovely together, and I couldn't be happier for them. And um... the suit." John wiggled a finger up and down to encompass Sherlock's outfit. "Turned out nice."
"Clearly not everything," Sherlock says, as if this were a point he'd been belabouring for some time, but there is a slight furrow between his eyebrows that hints at something else. "Someone's going to take advantage of the confusion and try to fill the power vacuum. We have a window of a week, by my estimation, during which they'll be more interested in trying to outmanoeuvre each other than in dealing with whoever killed their former boss. If we're very lucky, they won't bother with us at all. But we can't rely on that. Someone's bound to try and be clever eventually. It would certainly solidify their position within the ranks if they were to best the ones who bested Moran."
John glanced at Sherlock. "It's good," he said, nodding approvingly, but his words didn't transmit the unadulterated approbation Sherlock had both hoped for and come to expect. "Do you think the words might be a bit beyond the kids?" John asked. Sherlock could tell he was trying to be nice about it, but the criticism was clear.
John wasn't gay. Sherlock wasn't sure that he was wholly bisexual either, in the sense of finding the male form and male attributes generally appealing and arousing in the same way he did with women. His eyes didn't linger on attractive men the way they did on women. He licked his lips far less often in the presence of a sexually available male than a female. Sherlock had never found gay porn in his browser cache. He'd never responded with the slightest bit of encouragement to flirtation attempts by other men. And yet here John was, in bed with Sherlock, the evidence all but incontrovertible that he was not an absolute Kinsey zero.
John grins. "Yeah, I'm afraid he is. More hair products too. Did you see the shelf behind the toilet? The man could open a bloody salon."
"Well, of course you did," his father says. "The answer was obvious. He might have made it a little more challenging. But I suppose he geared the game toward his daughter."
Holmes agreed to take her along to see Miss de Merville next evening, in case the vivid evidence of what lay ahead for her should she throw her lot in with Gruner would cause her to see reason. She then left the two of us to "come down" as she had put it, and returned to her duties.
"I'm fairly certain they regretted giving in and getting that for the first few years," Sherlock said, wandering closer as well.
"You're doing great, Tris," Doctor Watson says. "Just a couple more metres." Tristram can hear he's trying to sound upbeat, but he doesn't manage it very well. For some reason, it brings to mind the story Doctor Watson told him earlier about Gents, and how Doctor Watson said he could never be unfeeling like that, how it always hurt him too when other people got hurt.
Tristram wasn't worried. Because Father apparently has Tristram's passport, and they're waiting for him anyway. Unless he loses it - he's fallen into bodies of water a couple of times and lost his wallet and keys to the sludge, so perhaps it's not such a bad plan to have a backup passport on the way.
"Yeah," John says. His voice is thick and hushed. He looks down at his hands as they splay across Sherlock's skin, skimming lightly up and down his sides, around to Sherlock's back and up over his shoulders. John's touch becomes more firm and sure, rubbing and kneading, testing to find the spots that make Sherlock's breath catch. There are a lot of them.
Sherlock flicks his fingers again. "Unimportant." At the look of outraged disbelief on John's face, he clicks his tongue impatiently and says, "I mean, important, yes, he'll be brought to justice, etcetera, but at this point it's just details. Clean-up. It's practically something the police could handle." He flops down into the armchair at the desk.
Sherlock gave her a cheeky smile around a mouthful of lemon pie from where he sat at the far end of the table. "Hello, Mummy."
He was almost at the street on the far side of the square when he heard John call his name. He should keep going. It was petty, but John had ignored his texts all weekend and Sherlock wanted him to see how it felt. He probably just wanted to tell Sherlock something about the play, anyway, and Sherlock really didn't want to hear it. His traitorous feet, however, shuddered to a halt.
Doctor Watson also told Tristram that Father had a plan, that he wouldn't have done what he did if there were any danger in it. Tristram thinks he was trying to convince himself as much as Tristram, because he admitted he didn't actually know what that plan was. But it did succeed in Tristram and Emily and Doctor Watson being safe, and no one being injured.
, at Sherlock, for his part in it all. He wanted to tell John he hadn't known. He hadn't known any of it. He'd been just as blindsided as John to see the face of Mary Watson on the other side of that gun. In the grainy, faxed image in Mycroft's dossier. On the stainless steel slab.
Sherlock saw there was nothing he could do to stop it, short of knocking John to the floor and making for a very different end to the evening.
John tried to keep his expression neutral as Sherlock searched his face, maybe looking for John's own answer, maybe trying to decide whether John was really the person he wanted this with. If he wanted it with anyone. John wasn't sure himself what he wanted Sherlock to say. A huge part of him wanted Sherlock to say yes, to say he wanted it all, part and parcel, that sex was on the table. John had never been in an exclusive relationship -- a romantic relationship, if they were at a point where they could call it that -- without sex before, but he'd pretty much been resigned to that being what he and Sherlock had. Whether because Sherlock was asexual or because their friendship was already so fragile after all that had happened, that trying to add that dimension to it might break it. Or just because they were satisfied with the way things were.
"Look, shut up, all right? You've nothing to be sorry about. Let's just... " John cast about desperately for a distraction, and lit upon the violin on the wall. "So this was yours?" John went over to it, ostensibly to get a better look but really to avoid having to look at Sherlock. He never knew how to react when Sherlock was uncharacteristically mindful of John's feelings.
Sherlock's hand clenches, too quickly, around John's knee. He relaxes it deliberately. "Because then it will all be over."
So that was it. Bad memories. They still plagued him, but Sherlock had already known that. The regrets. The losses. The association of Sherlock and the role of best man must have conjured up unpleasant images for him. The wedding itself had been fine, but it had started the ball rolling on a great many things that were distinctly not fine. Sherlock wished he could fix it the way he'd fixed John's limp. In lieu of a good chasing down of a murderer, he offered, "Could probably have done without the attempted murder."
"Molly's got it covered, thanks!" Greg called back cheekily, pointing at her. She laughed and put her arms around him again to pull him back into the dance.
John sucks in a breath. "And that..." He groans. "Yeah, that's very, very good..." He half lowers himself and half falls so he's sitting on the mattress beside Sherlock.
Except for Irene: she's sitting at the desk on the other side of the low-ceilinged living room in the cramped little cottage she brought him to. The armchair he's curled up in smells like the stuff Mrs Hudson sprays around their flat when she gets in one of her tidying moods. Irene's writing and writing, something in longhand. She told him there are certain things you don't want to leave an electronic trace of.
"I'm not entirely certain which definition of 'fine' you're availing yourself of," Uncle Mycroft says coolly.
