"Yeah, Cas. Angel of Thursday, tears and solitude..." Dean brings the heated up burger over to the table. "You're a special little guy."
,” Dean quickly clarifies. “It would just be extra trouble. We beat him up and left him there. That’s it. We left him alive.”
Dean's eyes follow a stray raindrop that falls off the tip of Castiel's sharp nose that lands on his lips, and another that rolls down his cheek like tears.
Castiel sobered up immediately, and he responded stiffly, “No.” He wasn’t even sure an 8-year-old kid could say something so flatly, but he did it.
London raises an eyebrow at the sudden question but humours her, “No. I never got caught. Why, have you?”
"Oh yeah? Then what are you doing in the bank?" Sam fires back. Adam is silent at that, cocking his head momentarily in a "you got me there" way. Sam sits down across from Adam and says, "Tell me who Kansas is and I'll let you go. I won't even turn you in. You barely did anything anyway, you're hardly involved in the heist. Just tell me."
"Thanks," Dean says again. A moment passes between them, coming down from their high a little bit at a time, and Dean says, "You know, I always thought I would marry you but we couldn’t because it wasn't legal and now..." Sam's gaze snaps to Dean as he says that and he signs 'Are you crazy?' at him. Dean swats him away.
He hated to admit it but Meg was right. He only feared any casualties that can happen without their eye in the sky to guide them. Dean gives up, beckoning, "Angeles and Vegas, you're coming with me." They all prepare their rifles and file out of the office to do their respective jobs. Dean is about to leave the office when Angeles pulls him back.
"Of course," Bela nods, sitting him down on the couch. She tosses him one of the soft throw pillows and moves to the balcony to shut the windows, noticing the pack of cigarettes on the table. She picks it up and turns to show it to him, raising her eyebrows. "Did you smoke?"
Michael looks at him before tucking the magazine into his own jacket. "Is it okay if get it out of here for you?"
be there but it's the one time the kitchen staff isn't aware that he's free so why not use his last day in prison doing whatever the fuck he wants?
Castiel asks, "Aren't you going to get some rest before the flight? The Academy Award outfits are completed."
"$148 a night," Dean answers, shutting the door behind them. Before her arrival, Dean had already gotten some pieces from NOVAK Paris's building's storage closet for her. "So I picked out some pieces for you, you can try some on and then we can choose shoes and accessories." For outfits, there was a black and yellow Sophie Theallet floral dress, an Alexander McQueen coat, a grey Max Mara suit, a Stella McCartney trench and a mix of Dior pieces.
? Why the hell did you not tell anyone about her?” Dean asks and Anael throws her hands up in exasperation at them, though it’s obvious that Lilith’s relation to Michael is bothering her now that it can be detrimental to the plan.
They take photos of him and Cas separately and together, and the way they stand side by side is so horrifying awkward that Dean is sure that the tabloids will have a field day piecing together what could possibly have happened between them to make their poses so stiff. They barely even say more than twenty words to each other the entire time,
Castiel is greeted with Gabriel’s tight hug the moment he finds him at the school gates, his embrace pulling him under shelter and out of the rain. At least the school was nice enough to give the students a ride back to the school compound instead of getting them to go home from the airport.
Hannah holds up a letter towards Anael, an amused grin on their face, and Anael reads the line they pointed out —
“She said they won’t let her. I think the seats are all confirmed and they don’t want to deal with finding people to fill the seat or it’s very exclusive,” Dean shrugs, taking a forkful of his ramen. His eyes widen and he eats another bite. “Holy shit, this
“God, this is so fucked up,” she mutters under her breath. “I have this stupid fucking event to attend in Las Vegas on the same day but they’re not letting me cancel, and Bel wants me to be there but... this is a NOVAK runway we’re talking about,” Meg spills, dragging a hand through her hair as she lets out a loud, long sigh. Dean found out just last week that Meg was dating Bela Talbot after being introduced to her by Cas years ago. Dean uses the term ‘dating’ loosely.
When Castiel comes in for work the next day, he places a coffee order on Dean’s desk while sipping his own. Dean reads the writing on it and looks up into Castiel’s blue eyes — they seem just a shade lighter today, and Dean credits it to how Lucian’s magazine's headline is some celebrity drama and not about Castiel’s sexuality.
A few hostages go to Rowena and she writes down supplies on a notepad. They had some supplies they brought along for hostages but they obviously can't get everything, just the generic things like sanitary pads, Xanax, painkillers, inhalers. The more specific stuff will have to come from the police at a later hour.
Michael and Lucifer STRUGGLE against each other as they CRASH over a table, trying to get hits in. Michael EXPLODES grace in Lucifer’s face and Lucifer falls back. Annoyed, Lucifer BLASTS Michael, throwing him back.
“The kitchen,” Crowley answers. “Ironically enough, they don’t want my medical talents in the pharmacy.”
Sam looks around, a faint smile tugging at the edges of his mouth, “This is so awesome, Dean. This job, this apartment.
She groans but rolls from her back onto her knees and gets back up, trying to punch him. With the blow to her body, she’s a little disoriented which works in Michael’s favour.
"Without further ado, here is Leviathan's fall collection, 2015," Dick Roman says, smiling warmly but with a professional tone to it. Everyone claps but them and a few other designers who aren't fans of him but are there to keep up appearances like Cas. He steps off the stage to backstage and then the music starts to play, bass drumming deep in Dean's chest as the animations kick in on the screen-stage.
Dean is a fucking rock star with the way he plans for possible contingencies. Over the past two years living in Palermo, Sam and Dean managed to get over the awkwardness of being reunited after the stress in the Bank was taken away as their common point. Dean got along with Jess just fine, and Sam actually likes Cas.
“Dad,” Dean mutters, staring at the cards as John picks them up and begins shuffling. “What the hell did you do to end up here?”
Dean sets down the last box on the wooden floorboards of his new apartment. “Well, that’s the last of it.”
Bela gets into her personal space and grins, her fingers dancing up Meg's arm. "The sun, the breeze. You and me. Meg, this is the greatest place in the world and I have been to many." Meg holds her breath as Bela touches her cheek. "We're in
The doors suddenly swing open and Dean and Cas automatically move away from each other, heads turning to see who it is — Michael’s clothes and hands are stained a horrifying red, a shiv sticking out of his abdomen, and he whispers, “Help.”
They all turn around and Castiel narrows his eyes, cocks his head. Dean's learned that it's a habit of his that makes itself known when he's confused or curious. It's cute, but for now, Dean feels the same when he sees that the voice came from John Winchester. He's dressed in layers of denim and flannel, hair messy and curling at the ends like Sam's does, and his eyes are tired. "Dad?"
Eileen dramatically rolls her eyes, signing 'thank you' before taking a glass from Dean. She asks, sipping her champagne, "What about you? Is your boss still a nightmare?"
Dean shakes the thoughts out of his head when Dallas calls out to him from the front, "Hey, Kansas. Why the hell did you pick the painter?"
Dean relayed this information to his team, later on, gathering them in a solitary hallway and explaining, "Jess radioed me this morning. Adam's been arrested." The worry on everyone's face is clear but it's Detroit's expression that has Dean thinking. He never met Adam because Adam never came to the lessons so why did he look so distraught about it?
Cas pipes up, "Well, actually, Brand Identity and Workwear Express make very nice aprons that are actually practical —"
A long time ago, like you. I'm fine, I was too young to remember them anyway, I suppose that that's a form of mercy.
He holds his crucifix necklace up, holding it between his fingers in front of him. The thin gold glints under the fragmented rainbow lights of tainted glass, beautiful and not at all. Castiel raises it so it stands at the altar in his vision, the tip touching Jesus's halo and the bottom on the altar's floor.
They turned back onto the path through Gage Park, heading back toward 10th Street and where they’d parked, beyond. They walked in content silence. Sometimes, Dean felt awkward not constantly talking, not chattering away with the people that he was with—but with Castiel, Dean felt like he didn’t need to speak at all.
I also want to give thanks to captainhaterade the comma slayer, who I can never link to and this drives me crazy. Write something, cap, I beg you ;)
Castiel nuzzled into his neck, kissing his way across the wet trail of ownership that Dean could feel beginning to grow tacky on his skin. “Love you too, Dean,” he said, and Dean could feel his goofy smile against his throat.
Castiel was quiet all the way home, too. Which, Dean had to admit, was perfectly normal—the dude was hardly a chatterbox. But Dean couldn’t help but be hypersensitive to it, attempting to engage him on several occasions only to receive nothing more than a short, sharp reply. The more Dean looked at him, the more uncomfortable he looked; he rolled his shoulders oddly and shifted in his seat, practically a fidget by his own usually motionless standards.
“Sorry!” the cyclist called back half-heartedly over his shoulder, not even slowing down. Dean recognized the annoyed expression on his face. It was one he saw directed at him often, an irritated gaze that said, “
Dean had fired that shot years before, with Bobby right by his side. It had glanced off Castiel like it was nothing. Dean’s fingers shake as he drops it back to the ground.
was flapping in the breeze, for crying out loud—shit, was that his Astroglide under that bush? He’d buy more, he wasn’t going to draw attention to that.
Castiel nodded, slow and lazy, and Dean could see the same tiredness pulling at Castiel that he was starting to feel.
Only when Castiel pulled back, sudden and unwilling, did Dean realize that he’d been too wrapped up in Castiel’s mouth and hands to register the appearance of a sleek, navy Toyota at the curb. Michael Novak’s dark head poked out of the driver’s side window with just enough of a smirk that Dean knew he wouldn’t want to be Castiel on that drive home.
Dean folded his arms across his front, mask in one hand, causing the metal loops on the emerald leather harness to jingle quietly. Both of his eyebrows went upward. “Well, I hate to break it to you, buddy, but that’s exactly what you did.”
“I disagree, that’s what I have you for,” Dean said with a grin. “Many gentlemen have not a clue what goes on in their own business, you know.”
Dean gave out a snort of laughter, and it seemed to break his nerves. “You got me there. I’ve been thinking about that giant pink dick all summer.”
They chuckled, and sipped, and then Castiel nudged Dean’s boot beneath the table, entwining their feet closely.
“We just said it—souls are powerful. The very strongest magic available to humans, dark or light, taps into souls. Gabriel wasn’t just looking to see if you were strong enough—I think he was looking to see if you had the motivation to do it, the strength of
Dean rolled his eyes and laughed a little as Sam put down his food to translate for Eileen. Her eyes lit up and she nodded in agreement.
“Roll over, Cas,” Dean whispered in a lull, his voice raspy from making out. “Let me try massaging your wings again, and this time—” He leaned in again, pressing his hot mouth to Castiel’s throat briefly, feeling him swallow beneath his lips. “—I won’t have to hold back.”
With a shrug, Dean finally gave his eyes permission to dance downward, taking in Castiel’s broad, tanned chest and the smattering of soft, dark hair that covered it before moving back up to his face. “You know, Lucifer told us once that’s what got him kicked out of Heaven. He refused to bow down to humans because they were flawed, imperfect.”
Castiel wasn’t seated at the heavy wooden table that they used for research, but the thumping noise of a book dropping to the floor, as if Dean had startled him, revealed the angel’s presence in the stacks.
“Oh, don’t worry, gramps,” Claire said, grinning as she reached across to ruffle Castiel’s hair. “I never mind babysitting the old folk. And anyway, gossiping about Dean is always fun.” She turned to Sam, nodding her head toward the register before she said, “Usual?”
There was a moment where the man hesitated, his fingers holding the mask on even with the straps all unbuckled—but then he ducked his head, leaving the mask in his hands as he looked back up at Castiel...
Smirking back at Castiel, Dean allowed the excited thrill in his chest to spread and grow into a warm grin. He could barely believe this was happening, still. The feet that followed Castiel up the cottage stairs and along the small landing to the master bedroom may as well have belonged to someone else, because Dean was convinced that he floated.
Watching Castiel fall apart was always a privilege; his lips parted as he gulped in air, the hum of his chest giving Dean an impression of the low sounds he was helplessly making.
“Oh?” said Castiel, digging his wallet out of his pocket and strolling past the busy tables up to the register. “Who by?”
on the edge of the steering wheel, humming along to his favorite parts. Castiel, Dean noted quite fondly, similarly tapped his fingers on the door, resting his arm on the window. Dean had the windows rolled down, letting in the early summer breeze, and all-in-all it was a pleasant, perfect drive. If Dean kept sneaking looks at Castiel’s profile in the soft morning sunlight, no one ever had to know.
Dean didn’t look up to see if Castiel responded, but after a beat, Castiel’s hand reached across and took Dean’s. He twined their fingers together and gently squeezed.
“Hey,” Dean said, flapping his right hand as best he could. He hit something with it—probably Castiel’s hip as he pulled back from checking Dean’s IV. He wiggled his fingers, reaching out toward Castiel as best he could with his wrists restrained.
They only lasted another moment before their heads tilted and their lips came together again, a little deeper, their bodies pressed into one another’s just a little harder, a little more desperately.
“Kind of forgot that you probably don’t know all of our tragic backstories,” Sam said, light and teasing as he leaned back to make space for Claire to place a mug of steaming hot tea in front of him. It smelled like apples and jasmine. “Small towns, everyone just knows everyone. It’s gotta be hard to come in from the outside, totally new.”
“I am MEG, the Megaship Engineering Guide for the Saranton. If you had attended your briefings, Officer Winchester, then we would have met.”
Dean shook his head as they walked away from Charlie’s fancy apartment, down the short path to where her Gremlin lived. “Nah. Sam’s on my couch until New Years, so he can put those shoulders to use.”
Castiel chuckled and they fell quiet, watching the movie open on their screens. They both worked their way through several beers, comfortable and entertained. Dean really had forgotten whodunnit in the movie.
They reached the door and Dean eased one hand out toward the handle, tugging it gently toward them and catching the bottom of it with his foot. Baby was parked only a few feet beyond the door, backseat unlocked, ready for her new occupant.
“Can I hug you?” Dean asked after another awkward second, his arm hovering around Castiel’s shoulders.
“I don’t think he’ll give you any problems again.” Frown gone, Castiel’s smile was a little proud, which was all kinds of adorable.
With a sigh, Castiel threw his pile of index cards down on top of the huge glass conference table and reached for a donut. They were his absolute favorite, honey-glazed lemon jelly from the artisan donut spot three blocks over. The one perk of living in San Francisco, other than it being pretty far from his loud, overbearing mee-maw and his wilting, obedient father, was that he could find almost any food he wanted at short notice.
For now, though, Sam was staying behind at Dean’s old place and very kindly packing some of his stuff up for him while Dean packed his brain full of formulae and hung out with Castiel.
After they finished dragging the meat inside the gates, Cas watched warily as some woman, Tina something, sauntered up to Dean as he was treating one of the deer for storage.
Naomi had a double mastectomy scheduled for that Monday in Chicago, so she and John were going to be out of town for the next three days.
Charlie jogged lightly out of her cabin, making her way around the revelers to arouse the least suspicion. Cas followed her, even though Dean hadn’t asked him to come back. Cas slipped in his cabin, right behind Charlie, and made himself small in the corner as he normally did during council meetings. In the interim, Dean had managed to tie the woman to a chair, with apparently a little more struggle, judging by the fresh claw marks that Cas could barely make out on his face, even in the darkness of the room.
The weird sense of pride which had sprung up in Dean’s chest was soon replaced with panic. He hardly knew what he was doing half of the time, it would be downright criminal to let someone else follow him blindly.
“Well those air quotes certainly aren’t cool. But like, you don’t seem to really care what anyone thinks of you, and you’re super smart. That’s cool, and Dean should be proud to know you.”
“We may have to invest in some thermal underwear. I’m sure your outburst at the market has led her to compound upon our other punishment,” Cas said slowly.
“I’ll, uh, see you at school?” Dean tried to sound smooth, but Lisa just laughed and kissed his cheek.
Thank god Naomi’s psycho punishment happened after the soccer season wrapped, and he was able to pretend that he didn’t actually want to go out for the basketball team so he could rest up for spring sports, which somehow everyone bought.
When they reached the river, they stripped quietly. Cas waded in slowly, before submerging himself completely. When he came up for air, shaking out his hair, he realized this was the first time he breathed easy in a long, long time.
Sam had teased Dean about Castiel’s supposed crush on him almost as soon as he returned to camp all those months ago. Dean dismissed him at the time, but his mind couldn’t help return to his brother’s words when the kid just kept
“Is it wise to keep your money in the barn?” Cas asked, his head in Dean’s lap as Dean counted his cash.
The reason John had to drive a minivan was to fit the new big happy blended family, which came with one dorky, stick-up-his-ass, never-smiled-in-his-pathetic-life, step brother, Castiel. The kid was beyond lame. He wore a tie everywhere. He talked like the only books he was allowed to read were the bible and the dictionary. And he hated Dean.
Twelve hours later, when Claire stumbled out of the hotbox, Cas practically tackled her to the ground. Both were so weak, Claire more so. It was a pitiful reunion.
Castiel slept in Dean’s cabin, leg propped, drowsy on some of the few painkillers the camp had in stock. Sam took over running the camp, and Claire took over the task of making sure no one slit Jess’s throat in the middle of the night. Charlie searched for Dean. And Cas slept.
“What the hell am I smelling,” Cas only managed to hold his tongue for the amount of time it took for Ash to sit back.
“The first shot is gonna scatter the herd, so we’ll go at the same time. I’m going for the big buck, right there,” Dean pointed past Cas’ shoulder, to the biggest deer Cas had ever seen.
Dean struck out the next two batters, and hit a double in the next inning. Castiel expected to be bored, but he was entranced by the movements of the players, an almost graceful waltz, and Dean was the prima ballerina. Cas felt himself grow red, he knew that Dean would resent such a feminine title, but he was a vision, his elegance on the field undeniable. Even Naomi seemed taken with the sport, though she excused herself after the fourth inning, claiming fatigue.
“Meg getting clingy? Chicks tend to be like that,” Dean said, though he winced as soon as the words left his mouth when he met Cas’s glare.
It was with those thoughts consuming him that Castiel walked directly into a trap. He stared dumbly at the knife the wild eyed woman wielded when he stepped into his cabin. The blade found its way to his neck as she gripped him tightly around the middle, and whirled him around. In his panic, he had failed to hear Dean come in, all the blood rushing in his ears. They locked eyes.
He was spared answering while footsteps creaked somewhere overhead. Whether there were Croats or scared coeds above them, there was no difference. Desperation brought out the worst in everyone, and Dean knew blood would be shed over even a mediocre hiding spot. Sam, being his paranoid father’s paranoid son, had already created a makeshift shelter, dug out underneath his suite’s floorboards, with water, snacks, and more importantly, guns. And if Dean were to drag him away from perhaps the only shelter for miles, he ought to have a freakin plan. But of course he didn’t think about that before he invaded his brother’s hideout, blindly running from the truth. Now he was just using up the precious resources his little brother could have been using to survive longer.
Dean watched as Ellen gave Cas the rundown, about the secret projects and commissions that Roman personally ordered from his pharmaceutical firm, years before the outbreak. About the massive firings which took place after each ‘experimental’ round of trials. Ellen, a rising star at the firm, smelled something wrong, but didn’t trust any of her superiors enough to confront someone. Ash found her rummaging around IT past midnight, still searching for clues. Together, they discovered the grainy footage of the first human ‘trial’ for Roman Enterprises latest secret undertaking. Buried deep in the company’s intranet were hundreds upon hundreds of hours of footage; former colleagues, random civilians, fucking children, could be seen slowly transforming into monsters.
“You two are grounded. Three months. Come home straight afterschool for special chores,” Naomi said.
Soon, somehow sooner than usual, the sun dipped below the tall hills which lay opposite the city, and evening descended upon the camp.
Castiel looked around the apartment, which was small but clean, though the stench of stale tobacco clung to the walls. He had envisioned Meg living in some sort of goth palace, it was odd to see her looking so small, sitting up on the counter next to him.
Dean knew John didn’t love Naomi. He remembered what his father looked like in love, the stupid looks on his face whenever mom came into the room. But his father was a prudent man, and Naomi’s was a good wagon to hitch onto. Dean saw the restless drumming on the steering wheel. Would John cut and run if Naomi got worse? He wouldn’t put it past his old man. What would happen to Cas?
They snuck off to a dark corner of the kitchen, and suddenly Dean was kissing Lisa. When he got over the initial shock Dean tried to lean into the experience and enjoy himself, but really it just felt like they were moving their mouths against each other. Lisa broke away with a small smile, but before Dean could go back in, he heard Cas’s voice float over to him.
They picked him up from behind, making sure to drag his leg on the ground. Cas thrashed out, uselessly. They gripped him underneath his armpits, a twisted imitation of a parent carrying a fussy child.
The rest of the day passed largely without event. If the news that Castiel and Dean now shared parents had any effect, Castiel certainly didn’t feel it. But he did notice a few heads turn when they both got into John’s van that afternoon.
Dean grimaced, waiting for the jokes to pour in, but Victor just nodded, and went back to nursing his beer. Dean drummed on his knees, but everyone seemed wrapped up in their own conversations, and suddenly Dean felt very grateful for Cas, who was leaning on the wall next to him.
“Ok first, any human with a pulse has a crush on Bloom. I’m like, 90% sure I’m a lesbian and I still dream about Legolas.”
By the time the actual party rolled around, Dean was almost too exhausted to enjoy it. Dean tried to relax, they didn’t have parties often. All the noise and light put a target on their little home, but every now and then the risk was worth it.  He had a pleasant buzz, Benny and some of the women had a small band playing with salvaged instruments, and Jane was making eyes at him over the bonfire. He let her take a seat on his lap, and she took the opportunity to attach her mouth to his neck. He laughed, the bootleg liquor warm in his belly, and Jane, a warm body in his arms. He closed his eyes, trying to stir up some happiness. When he opened his eyes again, he saw, out of the corner of his eye, a scruffy head retreating from the bonfire.
Dean shook his head. He didn’t need a dork like Castiel ruining his junior year at a new high school. This was his chance to make a name for himself, no one needed to know he’s related to the bible thumping freak. Dean waved his hand as John drove off, and then wheeled on Castiel.
Dean had never seen Cas so flustered before, and guilt crept up again. Why did he keep hurting the kid?
“Well, uh, we could wait for the others to come back,” Chuck managed to stutter out, before Dean lost his patience, and dismissed him with a single gesture.
“I’ll drop you boys before I head back to the garage,” John grumbled, “Sammy has rec league basketball after school, and Naomi will bring him home at 5:30. The kitchen should be cleaned by then.”
Dean’s jaw tightened as he remembered how carefully he held the blood in his mouth, mindful of spilling onto the carpet. That would only set John off. He hated the blood.
That did it. Dean fucking growled, pushing Cas back onto the mattress, capturing his mouth, while his fingers worked to undo Cas’s jeans. Cas hadn’t even had time to take his shoes off, so his jeans awkwardly pooled by his ankles as Dean mouthed over the outline of his cock hardening in his briefs.
After a few moments of companionable silence, Cas brought the soup off the stove, pouring a portion into a chipped bowl for Meg.
“You’re probably an asshole, but I like to judge people for myself,” Charlie said, before unhitching her bike from the rack.
“No,” Cas sighed, sweeping his thumb across the head, so wet he didn’t need the aid of lotion or the shower, in the easy slide of his hand down the shaft.
Dean felt like they were waiting forever, but Gordon hadn’t come back downstairs yet, Dean didn’t know the music, and he couldn’t figure out where the beers were. Cas was ominously quiet next to him, and Dean couldn’t stand the weight of his judgement. Just as Dean was ready to give up the little experiment, Lisa materialized in front of them, two full solo cups in hand.
Cas flinched as Dean's laugh echoed through the truck, the only sound save for the soft crunch of rubber on dirt.
Castiel turned the notion over. It was a sin to lie. It was a sin to be homosexual. Though he wasn’t sure if he was a homosexual. So sinning to cover up a potential sin seemed, wrong. And convoluted. On the other hand, he hadn’t lied yet. If Naomi jumped to conclusions due to Meg’s continued presence in his life, that was her own prejudice.
“You don’t have to insult me to cover up your want to be near me,” Cas sighed, and Dean felt his face flush. He knows he started it. Knows he’s the one who crawled into Cas’s bed. Knows that he kissed first, knows that he couldn’t keep his stupid mouth shut, or his stupid mouth to himself.
“Bobby’s her crazy survivalist husband, and Jo is her crazy marksman daughter,” Dean stage whispered, as Ash’s eyes narrowed.
Soon Dean drew back, to feel around for the lube, and Cas felt the first thread of foreboding curl in his gut. The other things, the kissing, the rubbing, those felt almost incidental. But this, this was sodomy, undeniable, irrevocable.
Cas regretted telling Dean about his apparent sexuality crisis. He had been so caught off guard by Meg’s advances, but he should have called Charlie. Though admittedly Meg had made it plain she was interested in Castiel carnally, he still hadn’t expected her to kiss him. While it hadn’t been repulsive, Castiel didn’t imagine that he should feel thoroughly indifferent to his first kiss.
Castiel reached down and guided Dean’s cock exactly where he wanted it, wordlessly. He bucked his hips up, rocking and pushing, pressing up against Dean’s blunt tip until it popped its way past Castiel’s first loosened, eager ring of muscle. Dean let out an animalistic grunt, and then he was moving; one hand tight on Castiel’s shoulder, the other at his base as he pushed steadily forward, panting.
Castiel’s responding nod was small and jerky, a series of tiny nods building up fast. “Yes—yes, please. I’m fine, Dean. I want this, I promise. I want you.”
Castiel had both of his hands on Dean’s thighs, his tail curled so that their pelvises were only inches from each other. Dean’s cock strained, protesting, against the light gray fabric of his underwear. Castiel’s eyes lingered on it for a moment, taking in the damp spot near Dean’s tip, before he slowly slid his hands up to Dean’s knees and straightened slightly.
“MEG, you’re the Engineering guide, if you’re gonna play favorites you should have at least picked the engineer…”
Charlie Bradbury came to Harrington’s Diner every single morning, entirely because Dean worked there. The only reason she was in Charming Acres was to look after her sick mother, who had retired here. Luckily, Charlie worked from home and mostly stayed far away from the perky residents when she wasn’t making fun of Dean by ordering increasingly ridiculous milkshakes.
Instead, Castiel crossed his rustling, papery arms and dropped his gaze. He looked uncomfortable, and Dean could sense, just knew, that it’d be a dick move to push.
With bulging biceps and a wiggling motion, the creature pulled himself across the concrete toward the bed. When he reached it, he grabbed onto the mattress and hoisted himself up without even looking at Dean, and rolled onto his back.
and captainhaterade for putting up with not only my comma splices and incorrectly ordered adjectives, but with me in general! Stellar folks.
“I’ll always worry,” Castiel murmured honestly into his ribs. “Thank you for singing this morning, though. I like hearing you, getting a sense that you’re okay.”
Panic gripped Dean’s formerly hopeful chest, turning his ribs into a true cage for his heart. But he took a big breath, expanded his lungs, and broke through the bars. “Yeah. Let’s try that, Cas. I’ve got one quick question first, though.”
When Sam said, “summon Castiel’s ancestors,” Dean had pictured someone, well, old. The merman that squinted dangerously at them from within the glass-like water looked no older than Castiel, his skin—the large, tanned expanse of it that was on display—unwrinkled and smooth.
Frowning at the screen, Castiel saw Balthazar’s name illuminated upon it. He canceled the call. Yes, they were trying to be friends—but he wasn’t going to interrupt his morning with Dean for Balthazar.
“That seems a little at odds with what I’ve seen of him. He’s been nothing but sarcastic since I stepped off the train.” Castiel couldn’t help but prickle a little at the idea that this annoying dildo man was somehow beloved by the local town populace.
Castiel spoke at length about his carefully crafted plan for the year, eagerly sharing his most amusing anecdotes about the civilizations his students would be studying, easily slipping into the same headspace that he did when he taught.
Michael stopped suddenly, his face blank for a moment. When he returned his gaze to Castiel seconds later, it was with a distinctly un-angelic eye roll. “Adam wishes for me to stop being a hypocrite. That, I will allow, is fair. However, your favoring of this human has severe consequences, Castiel.”
“Sorry, sorry!” the man babbled, grabbing at Dean’s biceps to steady him, inadvertently covering him in more slime.
A stillness hung in the air, as Castiel worked up the nerve to ask Charlie the question that had been burning him for weeks.
“We’ll figure it out,” Dean snapped. If Naomi died, Dean knew there was no way he was going to college, he couldn’t leave Sammy behind with John. Though he didn’t feel great about leaving Sammy behind with John and Naomi, at least they didn’t have to worry about hiding bruises. Dean decided not to go out for soccer again-- he wasn’t good enough to get a scholarship anyway, and he used the extra time to pick up shifts at Bobby’s. If they did all have to cut and run, it was best to have a safety net. And he’d be damned if he was gonna leave Cas behind with the mess.
“We, that being Bobby, Jo, Ash, and I, chartered a plane to the Arctic, stayed with an old buddy of Bobby’s.”
“Yeah, well, it was fucking worth it to see the look on her face. And to get this back,” Dean said, quickly putting the dish under his bed, before dressing himself.
“Keep going,” Dean urged, and Cas swept his hand up and down his length, still palming through his underwear, before freeing the leaking cockhead to the chill air.
“I’m going to Victor’s party tonight, and you can’t show up empty handed. Everyone knows that, Cas.”
At the end of the summer, Naomi finished her steroid treatment. Dean and Cas started their senior year and Sammy joined them as a freshman. Gabe showed up in September, ostensibly to celebrate Cas’s 18th birthday, but he slept on the couch for two weeks, just taking over the cooking while Naomi was on bed rest. Apparently Gabe was working as a line cook in a restaurant in Chicago, and was saving up for culinary school.
“I need you, I need you,” Cas whispered, and Dean freed himself from his boxers, before grinding their lengths together, loosely jacking his hands around the slippery mess, too urgent to take off their underwear properly.
“Show me then,” Dean said, and so Cas was rolling down the sheets, where his morning wood was poking up, tenting his pajamas. Cas rubbed himself over his pajamas, whimpering and bucking into his hand. It’d been so long since he let himself have this, and he felt Dean’s heat against him, a hot hard line against his body. He heard the other boy’s breath stutter with his when he pulled down his pants, a wet spot already dampening his briefs.
“I appreciate the empathy Dean, but I don’t understand why you have to qualify your words to establish you’re not a woman. It makes you sound stupid,” Cas sighed, flopping back on the mattress.
The rest of the break was spent almost relaxing by Novak standards. Dean and Cas only had two hours of made up chores a day instead of the previous six.
Cas felt Dean’s jaw flex in his palm, but he didn’t fight Cas’s grip. Even in the dark, Cas could see the heat in Dean’s eyes. And if Cas wanted it, he’d have to take the lead here.
“Meg, you may appreciate my accessories from an appropriate distance,” Cas said, voice steady even as his eyes widened.
“The key is to aim just behind the shoulder,” Dean said, interrupting Cas’ thoughts. While he’d been lost in thought, the car pulled up over the lip of a hill, a few hundred yards from where a large group of deer were grazing by the river. He was normally more alert, and Cas told himself to be more vigilant from now on.
“I’m gonna take care of you, but the walls have ears. We’re going to have to keep it down,” Dean said, Cas nodding vigorously in reply.
“My hero,” Meg drawled, nonchalantly ushering Castiel in, as if he wouldn’t notice the fading yellow bruise underneath her eye if she moved casually enough.
Sammy took the news hard, cried and everything, right at the kitchen table. John looked ready to smack him, but just kept eating.
Cas could make out Sam peeking out from behind Naomi’s back, suppressing giggles at the boy’s misfortune.
“You’re gonna have to take the reins here, I’m not great with heights,” Dean said, before shooting a particularly close Croat.
“I know, I know,” Dean said, though he felt a sudden, inexplicable sorrow prick his sides and burrow its way into his body.
Dean could practically feel the eyes start to gather on their little scene, and his mouth went dry. He didn’t have a plan, he didn’t know what to say, everyone was going to think he was such a fucking loser he’d have to drop out-
Quiet breaths turned into sighs and grew into moans as Dean worked two more fingers in. working them in tandem, straining against Cas’s tight interior, while Cas held back his discomfort, though he felt his face ache with the strain of keeping his face calm.
“Nah, he refused to be White-Fanged,” Dean said with a shrug, leaning back against the cheap patterned fabric of the bench.
“And now all we need to do is finish the formula, and find some way to distribute it,” Bobby spoke up, leaning against the doorway.
Within the hour it took to assemble a team and return to the Roamers site, they were gone, melted into the countryside. The next few days were filled with search parties and rumors of Dean’s betrayal, or death.
“We aren’t the monsters here,” Dean spoke gravely, his tone instantly bringing the boy back to attention.
“Claire, I found a community. We’ll be safe there,” Cas said, and Claire nodded back to him, keeping her gun raised as she stepped out of the room.
Huh. He hadn’t thought of that. Now that he has the Impala, he could take Lisa for long drives every day, at least until sports started up again.
“Grow up man, it’s just a party,” Dean tried to bluster, as if he’d ever been to a party himself, “It’s what normal fucking people do.”
Charlie was tugging on her boots, and didn’t bother looking up, only grunting to acknowledge Dean’s presence.
“I’m not at liberty to say. I mean, we’re friends. Or I thought we were friends. Do friends try to kiss each other?” Cas asked.
Cas sighed as Dean pushed himself in, and when he clenched experimentally, Dean groaned and hunched over.
Winded, his voice sore from breathing in too much winter air, Cas merely held up the dish in response, before bounding up the stairs. Dean was in their room, though all the lights were off.
With the thought of Sammy, Dean sprang up, rolling himself to his feet, though he felt a rush of blood in his head.
Dean knocked on the door in 3 short raps, and the door swung out easily. Jo leaned against the cabinet in the walkway, her arms crossed. Dean pushed past the girl, leaving Cas to squeeze through. Though Jo granted him what seemed like a solitary inch of space, he managed to make it past her, and take a spot next to Dean, who had parked across from Ellen.
The idea that a kid, who must be, what, twelve? Thirteen? Dean had no idea how old the boy was, and the idea that any kid could survive out of these walls, alone, was sheer lunacy. Which accounts for the slight overreaction at his arrival.
They stumbled up the stairs, shushing each other in the empty house, as if the ghosts would tell their parents what they were up to. Dean closed the door, and thinking quickly, used a binder as a wedge beneath the door, improvising a lock while Cas scrambled onto their bed with all the grace of a newborn calf.
“We aren’t going to kill her. She’ll stay in camp, on a trial basis, under constant guard. She’ll be my responsibility.”
Dean panicked through dinner, even though he still savored the meatloaf. Naomi may be a frigid monster, but fuck could she cook. And she insisted on cooking every night. Though part of Dean missed greasy takeout, he was starting to get used to homecooking, and even vegetables.
“Not just, deer. You gotta know something Cas, there are other things out there besides just the Croats.”
It was an awkward shuffle back to the trucks, Garth and Benny taking out five more Croats which surprised them upon exiting.
For once, Naomi let Castiel and Dean skip coffee hour, sending them home early while Sam and John trailed her as she made curt apologies. Without their bikes, Dean and Cas walked carefully on the shoulder of the road, past a semi frozen lake.
The music was quieter downstairs, but it took Dean a few tries to get the older boy’s attention, awkwardly hovering in his periphery. Gordon’s eyes lit up at the proffered bottle, and he ran upstairs with the promise of getting shot glasses.
“Yes,” Cas agreed, entranced in the stretch of the current batter’s uniform, which went taught every time he strained to hit one of Dean’s immaculate pitches.
“Yes, Dean. I would appreciate it if you tried not to antagonize her this morning, I am hoping to capitalize on her amenable holiday mood.”
Deep down, he knew he shouldn’t feel like this. He knew it was crazy to follow a man he barely knew. Everything he knew about Dean’s past was whatever he had managed to eke out of Sam in their rare moments alone. He was abandoning the last little scrap of family he had to go on a suicide mission that was hanging on by a short, worn thread. Yet he couldn’t bring himself to give a damn about the consequences. He belonged here, by Dean’s side.
Dean looked sharply at both of them. Though holding a prisoner was certainly a new experience, displaying any sort of weakness in front of her was certainly against the soon-to-be-written protocol.
The next few weeks passed like winter wind. Lisa kept sitting with him at lunch, but besides a few kisses before class, their relationship was stalling out. Dean didn’t have any money and so he couldn’t take her out like she deserved, and it wasn’t like he was going to let Lisa anywhere near his house.
“Yes, and so time is of the essence. I promise to be through within the hour,” Cas said, mixing in more yellow to better match Charlie’s hair.
Cas averted his eyes, anything to escape her hungry gaze, and he caught sight of Dean. Dean looked back at him looking guilty, and defeated. Cas couldn’t bear that look, his eyes turning to their surroundings. The valley was teeming with life, forty, maybe fifty Roamers itching, scratching, undisciplined, waiting for something. A man broke from the throng, striding slowly until he stood in between Cas and Dean.
The blankets weren’t ruined, and they squeezed them out as best they could, before tossing them in the back seat. They found a drive through ATM, and Cas emptied out his account, before Naomi could figure out how to lock it. After an hour, they made it to a motel in Bloomington that had some vacancy, looking to all the world like runaways. Cas didn’t actually have a driver's license to prove he was 18, so he ducked in the car while Dean checked them in.
They reached the studio room, the last intact door in the builidng. One or two bullets lodged themselves in the door, but the integrity of it remained.
Dean hopped out of the cab quickly, grabbing the two large semis out of the back, priming both, before climbing back in. He handed Cas the smaller of the two, before carefully laying his own out of the way. He knew his team behind him followed the same procedure.
Cas trusted Dean, more than the man would probably ever know, but putting his life on the line for a tiny vaccine concocted from the back of a moving vehicle tested that faith.
“I didn’t exactly have an address growing up. I spent most of my time in my old man’s car, or in motel rooms,” Dean spoke flatly.
When Naomi got home, Cas threw himself into her care. She was too weak to dismiss him, too weak to order him about, so Cas became her shadow, anticipating her needs. He read the bible by her side for hours, until his throat ached, until the words disappeared he was in a trance where he could no longer think about Dean. At night, they slept with their backs to each other, all banter gone. Dean looked at him like he would look at a stranger. Cas wanted to disappear.
A group was starting to cluster, and Dean felt his palms starting to sweat. He had to say something. What would he say? Shit, shit, shi-
Naomi’s punishments were as thorough as they were cruel, though it took Gabe’s departure for Castiel to realize it. He had always thought she punished them because Gabe’s reckless behaviour was an embarrassment to God. But after Gabe left at eighteen, Naomi began to scrutinize Castiel’s behavior. What were once minor infractions, like leaving the hall light on or forgetting to fold his clothes, were met with swift retribution. Dean was almost a blessing to his family-- now Naomi had someone appropriate to blame. Cas could be a good son again, and suffer valiantly alongside his sinful step-sibling.
“Thanks Cas,” Dean grunted out, quickly glancing up at him, daring to drag his eyes from the woman in front of him for the first time.
“I don’t think smoking in a barn fool of rotted wood and dry hay during a heat wave is particularly wise,” Cas sighed, but took the joint awkwardly, screwing up his face and aggressively sucking in. Cas held the smoke in for a moment, before doubling over, coughing viciously.
“Like the Roamers care how old she is. I’m a good shot, I’m here, I want to help. I can make this decision for myself, Dean. Give me one good reason why I shouldn’t come.”
Charlie had begun talking to him about a little over a month prior. Castiel had been perfectly content studying alone at lunch, but one day Charlie had plopped down next to him. She didn’t try to engage him in conversation first, and he’d been perfectly happy to share the table. It was wasteful to have the whole table to himself, and he hoped he wasn’t hoarding it accidentally. And then she started talking to him. All the time. He wasn’t quite sure what she wanted from him, and mostly she left him to his reading, and to hers, though she offered to let him read her Sailor Moon books. Castiel had told her that his mother didn’t let him enjoy occult materials, and she laughed at him, but it didn’t feel mean.  It took Castiel a while before he realized that she wanted to befriend him. In fact, he didn’t notice until another boy, Kevin, joined their table and Charlie had introduced them.
Then Dean prodded a knot inside him, and Cas cried out, dazed by a sharp pleasure ripping through him.
“Now how about you tell me how you made it out here?” Dean sat down in the one stool occupying the corner of the dank cabin.
Dean watched her pedal off, still in a daze, when John honked, snapping Dean out of his stupor. Dean silently got in the van, too embarrassed to look at anybody, watching the streets race by.
John sighed, looking weak, but Naomi looked unphased. Sam was crying silently, but the adults ignored him.
The movie rolled, Dean couldn’t help stealing glances at Cas and Alan throughout the werezombievampire adventure, especially when Alan kept giggling at whatever Cas’s commentary was. At one point, Alan put his head in Cas’s lap like he was his boyfriend or something.
Cas didn’t look. He couldn’t look. Instead he let Alan draw him into a debate about how accurate the ghostbusters franchise really was, and could tolerate the casual brushes against his arm so long as it meant he wouldn’t have to look.
“We’re not at the barn,” Dean said, removing his hands with a flourish, “We’re spending a night in Venice.”
Cas could feel her strength, despite her slight frame. He could also hear the panic in her voice, feel the slight quiver in her grip as she sized up Dean. Cas knew that with all the training he had received, he was no match for the warrior beside him. He also knew that Dean was. Castiel closed his eyes, so he only heard the woman’s scream as Dean’s throwing knife embedded itself into her calf. Her grip loosened in her shock, and Cas used that opportunity to reach up and swipe her knife. It was over in less than a minute, and soon Dean held the woman on the ground, his knee between her shoulder blades, hands wrapped around her wrists.
At graduation, Dean won the prize for the senior with the highest math average, and with it, another check for the secret bank account. Cas didn’t win anything, but Naomi had the two pose with Dean’s plaque in between them anyway. Bobby cried, but everyone pretended not to notice.
“You didn’t have to make me look like a dick in front of Lisa. It’s not my fault Meg’s creeping on you. And you never told me what you were talking about,” Dean said.
“I think that the chores that we’ve been doing are part of the path to atonement,” Castiel murmured.
“You missed a spot,” Dean said, and saw Cas carefully still, as Dean delicately worked to remove some of the hair right by Cas’s lower jaw.
Cas didn’t dare fly low enough to try and communicate, but three long blasts from the truck told him that his friends knew they made it out alive. Somehow, Cas managed to land them in another corn field without killing them both. And Cas refrained from making fun of Dean vomiting over the side of the plane when they got out. The two sprinted to the truck, forced to squish in the back of the cab for the rest of the ride home, and though the journey became much more comfortable after Dean pulled him into his lap. And if Dean pressed a gentle kiss to the back of his neck, well, no one said anything.
That day, Anael had helped ensure that they were both assigned to the same duty so they would have a chance to talk. That morning, she’d secured them the task of mopping the hallways outside the recreation rooms. Crowley arrives five minutes after Dean does, wheeling the yellow mop bucket down towards him.
," Mary sings as Dean pulls the blanket up to his chin, letting his eyes slide shut as he listens to her voice. "
They only get to the lobby when Abaddon suddenly reaches for Angeles again, pulling him towards her by his sleeve and punching him. The mask slides off his face partially and he can only get one hand between them before Abaddon swings at him once more. Dean grits his teeth and tries to pull Abaddon off of Angeles but she breaks free of his grip, slickly snatching the gun from Dean's holster and firing it at Angeles.
, Dean thinks to himself, though he plays the fool and says he'll change. The two leave the ambulance to give him privacy to switch out of his clothes. Once the doors shut, he starts looking all over the coveralls and the mask to find the bug. He almost thinks that somehow, maybe they'd unwittingly let the opportunity to bug them slip through their fingers until he sees it -- a tiny microphone sewn between the fabric of the left zipper.
“Yeah, you should have,” Adam snaps. “Even if you really needed his help, you shouldn’t have tried to keep it from me.”
He rants about how he tried so hard for John but it amounted to nothing, and he talks about how he had to raise Sam on his own for a few years because back then, he was too young to process that Bobby and Ellen were now his legal guardians instead. He actually tears up a little when he tells Adam that he had so many sleepless nights because he thought John leaving was his fault and he worried that John was dead and he and Sam were all alone. By the time Dean runs out of things to be mad about, he feels emptier in a good way, and Adam reaches out to put a tentative hand on Dean’s forearm.
Crowley smiles and holds out a hand to gesture to the main hall, saying, "That's a nice sentiment. Now, come with me. I'm sure you'll want to check on the hostages after yesterday's racket." Missouri and Dede follow closely as Crowley leads them to the main hall, showing all the remaining hostages guarded by Charlie. Dean and Castiel had moved the remaining four guards and Frank to the main hall, making Abaddon the only hostage kept somewhere else. Dede films the hostages, standing in neat lines and looking fine for their situation.
Gabriel, irritated by the oncoming argument against Michael, interrupts to point out, “Dean-o, you’re sure making a lot of noise for someone whose brother was the inspector on the first heist.”
"I think he was bringing food to the boiler room," Salem answers, ensuring that the bolts won't come off overnight. Dean nods and he and Angeles exit the landing zone, hearts beating loudly with adrenaline and shock.
Castiel is at a loss for words -- he hadn’t expected Dean to say that, and much less return the sentiments.
"Have you seen a dead body before?" he asks. Missouri shakes her head no, and he nods once. "So this is your first time. It's the first time for most of us as well. We've successfully kept them out of sight of the hostages and haven't told them about their demise, but I'm sure they've suspected it by now. Balthazar Freely was shot dead during the hostage escape on Sunday night. Bela Talbot was shot dead yesterday evening. Abaddon captured Angeles to condition her way out of the bank. We were going to release her and she shot Talbot."
“Are we going to have a problem, Winchester?” Castiel asks, challenging him to talk back to him one more time. The adrenaline that fuelled Dean’s will to stand up to Castiel earlier on had drained out of him completely.
"I'm sorry, Sammy. I am," Dean keeps apologising. "I should have told you where I went, what I wanted to do. I guess I didn't think it would take that long and I always thought, you know, one more day and I'll be on my way back. But the plan just kept growing and I kept aiming higher... and I never came back. I became like Dad and I'll never forgive myself for that."
"Talk some more and I'll show you how much my fist likes your face," Dean threatens as a joke. "Okay, I have to go. Call me when you get here."
When they come back, Castiel takes one look at their faces and doesn't ask how it went. He already has coffee he bought on the way back to the office that he offers them, and he lets them sit moodily around his office as he finishes up his work for the day. Dean's grateful for it, and by the time evening rolls around, Dean asks Sam to wait for him in the lobby because he wants to talk to Castiel. Sam obliges and tells him not to take too long and once his figure disappears behind the elevator doors with Missouri and Rowena, Dean turns to Castiel.
? We're all in this for something. I was gonna use my money to start again, be a good big brother to you, get a good life for once. Angeles was going to get his brother a new life after wrongful imprisonment. He told me last night that Balthazar was gonna use his share so his poor family can have money to get by and they didn't have to work again."
Adam remains silent as Michael speaks. It's an odd arrangement, it's normally the other way around; Michael being completely quiet while Adam keeps conversation up. Obviously, because he doesn't know anything about fashion and thinks it's best if he just lets Michael talk. At least he had some knowledge about it through Chuck. Dean listens.
"Hi, Dean. Charlie did the radios," Anael says as she works them through the crowd, pointing at Charlie who spots them and waves. She now has longer hair than the last time Dean saw her half a year ago. It looks good on her.
"No, I'm fine," Cas reassures, running a hand over the injured shoulder. "Do you think the cops will handle them right?"
It's in the evening when Dean's finally free for the day to go get the Impala from John and Sam is back from ring shopping with Cas. Sam insisted on going along, wanting to be the first one to hitch a ride in the Impala. Dean asked if he was going to tell John about his plans to propose to Eileen, but Sam decided to keep quiet about it until he's sure there is really a wedding happening.
She grabs a post-it and clicks the pen in her pocket, scribbling as she reads out, “One no-foam skimmed latte with an extra shot and three drip coffees with room for milk. Make it super hot.” She puts the pen down and passes it to Dean, “It’s your first day so maybe he’ll cut you slack, but maybe it’ll help make a good first impression. Just don’t get the order wrong because he’s twice as grumpy in the morning. You should go now if you wanna make it back before Mr Novak does.”
"I did always like Dean better anyway," Cas whispers, pulling Dean in for another kiss, the first of many that followed them into their life of quiet. The next morning, they invited Sam and Jess to come with them as they all drowned their Dalí masks in the sea.
"I called in a favour with Toni Bevell, the actress. She had the dress reserved for around this time but I promised to get her this Chanel outfit she wants if she'll let me take the dress for you instead," Dean explains, a little embarrassed to have been found out. Bela stares at him, back at the dress, and then she hangs it back on the rack.
“I need to take my dad out of the equation while still saving my favours,” Dean explains. “He’s a little stronger than I am, I’ll need to make it quick because Bartholomew’s doing rounds tonight and he’s thorough. Where is he?”
I'll cut it short here. I've got this math homework to do and I wasn't paying attention. Cas told me he's calling in a couple minutes to tutor me through it, though.
"Enough, it's not on a need-to-know basis," Detroit interrupts Cas's thoughts. "And I don't see why you need to know my name."
That seems to get Cas's arguments to stop and he presses his lips together, ending his challenges against Dean. "How do you want to do this?"
A man comes out of the tent and Jess recognises him from Dean's post-heist notes of the first run as Arthur Ketch and Jess plays it up. "No, you don't understand. That's my boyfriend! Dean, he was going to propose. We were on holiday, he was looking for a diamond that I'd like, it's my fault he was in there."
Dean stands in front of the Factory doors, two officers by his side. He looks back one more time and sees Jess leaving with Adam, giving him their final smiles as they disappear into the onlooking crowd. In about ten minutes, their surveillance team should be back online and Oskar will get his handsome payment and be sent on his way.
Dean sits up in his bed and squints into the darkness outside his cell, seeing a silhouette that he knew all too well. “Cas?”
does actually win an award, and the spectacular NOVAK suit Castiel constructed himself gets to be on full display on Bradley Cooper when the cast goes to accept the award together.
Lucian answers, “Nothing. His fucking P.A.’s pissing all over my desk about this shit. Don’t know why it matters to him.” Dean narrows his eyes at him and Lucian asks, “Is it deleted?”
Sam raises his eyebrows and huffs a breath of air, “Still don’t think Pax should be your boyfriend, but...”
"Dean, holy shit. I'm so happy for you," Sam says, one hand running through his own hair as his spare arm pulls Dean into a side hug. "I thought he wasn't into guys."
The Shadow loses interest and flickers through other angels and demons’ memories. There is a wavering sound of everyone’s regrets, haunting as they spin around the Shadow, but it goes through them all emotionlessly. It looks tired -- since Jack blew up, it hasn’t been able to get itself back to sleep.
“What about you, Cas? Prada coat at the wash?” Dean replies, looking him up and down. He’s in a Michael Kors black leather Moto jacket, a black t-shirt with white horizontal stripes and white twill trousers, both of which probably came cheap from H&M or something, plus black Oxfords by what Dean thinks is Manolo Blahnik. Dean’s never seen Cas dressed so edgy but it looks so sexy on him.
Dean stands to get a better angle until he feels a bullet hit him. He goes down, groaning, his rifle shots drawing a dotted line up the wall. He vaguely sees Angeles look over and shout, "Cover me! I'm going to check on Kansas!"
“I don’t know, okay?” Dean chuckles, patting Charlie’s hand over his elbow. “We’ll get you a date with Dorothy and then we’ll see.”
"I don't want your diamonds, you can keep them. I want your help with a heist I've planned," Dean clarifies. At his silence, Dean elaborates, "It's at the Bank of America. We're getting bills and gold."
?" Sam almost combusts right there and then. Jody looks around with wide eyes as some cops around them stare at him with raised eyebrows. "
Bela shuts the balcony doors and runs off to his room, tucking one pillow under each arm and putting. his duvet over her neck almost like a boa, bringing it over to Castiel. She dumps the pillows in the empty space behind him and the duvet, on Castiel's back, before she goes to his kitchen to grab the tub of cookies and cream ice cream he has. She gets two silver spoons and hands one to him, leaving the ice cream and her spoon on the coffee table as she picks out a movie from his DVD collection.
“He doesn’t mind working for free,” Cas offers. Adam really wouldn’t — with the combined shares of him and Michael from the second heist plus his own from the first, Adam could work for free for the rest of his life and it wouldn’t matter.
"Still M.I.A.," Naomi answers, scoffing. She looks over at Mick, still busy with his phone, and says, "Davies, I need you to make some calls."
Cas pauses, holding up a finger asking him to wait, and he provides the quick explanation that an angel has requested his presence. He disappears into the air, the sound of flapping wings the only sound in the room until the only thing Dean can hear is his own breath and his heart palpitating in his ribs.
“Don’t make me drag you, bitch,” Dean mutters, taking Sam’s empty coffee mug and putting it in the sink. He’ll wash it when he’s not so tired in the morning. Sam straightens up and stands, running a hand through his hair.
Dean puts his legs up on the desk in one of the offices, belonging to some dude named Lee Webb. Someone knocks on the office door and Dean tells them to come in. Cas stops at the doorway. "Hello, Dean."
Michael frowns, "I am unsure. I know what lengths he is willing to go to paint himself as a great man, but I also know he isn't a good one... Needless to say, I am aware that he was wrong for selling Castiel's designs to Roman, and I apologise on behalf of his behaviour."
"Castiel," Rowena calls from the doorway. Dean and Cas look up to see her and she says, "Richard Roman has a Leviathan Fall collection runway event in two weeks."
Cas greets him back but it's tight and leaves an uneasy feeling in Dean's chest. He asks, "What are we doing now?"
They fall over one another trying to get into the cab and when the door shuts behind them and the cab starts moving, they laugh quietly, out of it.
Dean gestures to the makeup kit on the kitchen counter. "I borrowed some makeup from the NOVAK MUAs just in case you didn't have the right makeup for the look you choose."
if it sells or not. That’s my personal information, you have no right to sell it like this,” Castiel hisses into the receiver.
He really liked it. Apparently, his dad never really let him watch fireworks shows up close. His dumb ass didn’t realise earplugs exist.
Dean suddenly turns to him, his face twisting into something broken. “Cas, I’m afraid that I’m becoming more Kansas than Dean.”
“Will they stop us? They’re looking for us right now,” Ash asks. There obviously aren’t any windows in the back of the truck so they can’t observe their surroundings.
There is no lust and there is no hurry. There is, instead, something sweet and golden, and it aches in his chest. Castiel opens his mouth over his, welcoming, and Dean kisses him breathless.
Despite the situation, the corner of Dean’s mouth lifts in a bitter half-smile as he asks, “Would you like to be the first? No electric chair, no last meal. Just you and me. You may have killed before, but I hit like a mother-fucker. I’ll make you wish you were dead if you say even one name.”
“Lilith wouldn’t let me send him to the SHU,” Anael informs. “The CO that Alastair’s doing business with is her.”
A year after Missouri, Anael had mailed an invite to Dean and Cas to her wedding with Ruby, writing on the blank side of the card that it seemed wrong to not invite them after everything they went through together. Their wedding was the last time Dean ever saw all the surviving Dalís in one spot and it felt like the ones they lost were there with them too. Meg brought a Spanish girl who cheats at casinos with her to the wedding — she looks like Bela.
"Fuck the police," Jesse Turner mutters, angered, and Kaia Nieves settles next to him, looking equally displeased.
Dean, Cas and Meg walk into the office and Dean shuts the door behind, feeling a surge of rage just looking at her, though it was alleviated by the sight of how damaged she looked. Obviously, the grenade didn't hit her or she'd be dead, even with her protective gear. It blew up near her, injuring her enough for them to apprehend her.
"Dean is remarkable." Cas's voice cuts through Dean's thoughts, sincere, and Dean listens. "With the things he has been through, the things he has done, nobody would have expected him to come out of it all such a good man. He certainly owes the world nothing, and if he wanted to quit hunting, he has every right to do so. Yet, he keeps on, with a strength that I rarely get to see." Dean is completely speechless as Cas continues, "Knowing him has taught me more than the millions of years I have lived, and I have loved every second of knowing Dean. I think I'm so lucky to be able to call myself his friend." He adds, a touch of hurt in his voice, "Even if it never went any further. I am lucky."
Adam is startled awake by a loud bang on the table and he winces as he feels the metal cuffs pull his wrists back together. His cheek was scratched by the pavement last night which left a strange feeling on the skin but it no longer hurt. His wrists were turning red from the metal and he had a bruise on his jaw from when Ketch hit him after bringing him into the tent.
"Thank you," Castiel repeats, taking it from him. Their fingers bump on the cup and they linger, both holding the cup as their fingers rest on one another. Subconsciously, Dean's thumb strokes Cas's and they move closer, like magnets. For a moment, Castiel forgets that he doesn't have a place in Dean's personal space anymore, and remembering the fact is jarring.
Roman rolls his eyes and nods. “I should never have let you get these favours to hold over me. What do you want?”
“Your loss, it’s a good book,” Gabriel frowns, using his thumb to point to the book. “We’ll be on our way, then.”
The flight to Los Angeles has Dean anxious. Being left by your father before you turned 10 and then being raised by a family who isn’t exactly ready to take in two more boys means that Dean never gets many chances to ride a plane. It’s not his first time, but it still gets him just as nervous.
Michael’s aware of his implications and he despises the way he doesn’t say anything in response. It’s not that he’s scared of Alastair — rare, it was, for anything or anyone to truly scare Michael, and he knows that Adam can take care of himself — but rather that he was scared of what lays in the baggie in his pocket.
"Good, yeah. I saw Cassie again, this girl I went to college with," Dean brings up, trying to make conversation. He's also not sure why John couldn't have just texted or called. This is so awkward. "Did some shopping for Sam, Eileen and some friends." He pauses, watching the way John glances around looking so out of place, and he questions, "What are you doing here?"
Castiel walks in, in a Prada double-breasted wool coat, hanging open at the front to show the black Givenchy slim-fit tuxedo in wool and mohair with a satin collar. His black hair is styled to look purposefully messy, but it admittedly looked sexy, and his eyes stand out so piercingly.
“No?” Alastair echoes, a slimy smile crawling onto his face. Michael has met a lot of people in his life, but damn him if Alastair isn’t one of the creepiest. Alastair slips the baggie into the breast pocket of Michael’s uniform. “Take this as an incentive. A welcoming gift. If you don’t do this, I know coincidences never happen and that new blond nurse and you are a
Castiel has an unhealthy obsession with diamonds which means that he spends a good deal of his spare time either stealing jewels or finding out how to get more. An obsession with collecting them that’s quickly evolved more into kleptomania over the years but Cas is fine with it. It means there’s something for him to pass the time with.
When Sam hears his voice on the television set, he feels his heart plummet down to his feet and he runs back into the tent to watch.
“Can you stay?” Dean asks tentatively. Cas gives him a long look over his shoulder like he’s asking him if he’s sure. Dean knows asking him to stay is a long shot since this is a family matter but he wants him there as a friend. Cas relents and hangs back, crossing his arms over his chest and leaning on Dean’s desk. Dean clears his throat and stands, “If I knew you were dropping by, I would have asked Sam to come.”
Eileen says, signing as she talks, "I'll give you two some privacy." Dean nods and both men watch her busy herself with looking through the clothes hanging on racks in the hallways.
Dean smiles. "I remember everything you tell me." Before Cas can react to that, Dean asks, "So why is green your favourite colour?"
By now, Jess must have realised he was arrested and informed Dean. As much as he trusted his brother, Adam was still concerned because the fact remained that they did not have any rescue plans. He said he would improvise so Adam will wait.
He finds the two interns talking, Kaia Neeves and Krissy Chambers. They're dressed like how fashionable teenagers dress — nothing expensive except maybe their Doc Martens boots, but good enough for small wallets. He waves them over and they follow him to the elevator. Once inside, Kaia asks, "Are you Dean Winchester?"
Cas stifles a laugh and recomposes himself into a straight face, continuing the joke. "I'm sorry, Dean! But he does something to me!" When Cas pretends to hide a boner, Dean breaks and laughs, leaning back. Cas grins at him and Dean tries to stop laughing, tipping forward on his hands to be closer to Cas.
Dean stares at Meg for a few seconds longer, making sure she had nothing left to say before he finally looks back at Rowena and Gabriel to ask, "Is he good?"
over ten kids. Zachariah starts talking about negotiating the release of the governor next until an officer tells them that the robbers have released something on the news.
But Cas's breath is quiet on the other end of the phone, and when he speaks, he says, "Dean, you are so strong. Do you know that?" Dean sniffs in reply, and Cas continues, "And you don't deserve any of this, you truly don't. Have you thought about reporting your father --"
"And I just had 10 of my designs stolen," Cas says snippily. "Your point?" Cas instantly cringes and runs a hand over his face. "I'm sorry, I don't mean to snap, I'm just..."
"Why do you need surgeons?" Sam asks slowly. He's probably checking the bank's exterior. Without going for a closer look, he wouldn't see the blood on the steps.
Electrical doesn’t have many inmates there — Dean assumes that it’s because it’s one of the lower-paying jobs in the prison compared to other ones like the kitchen. It’s about half the wage but Dean doesn’t mind, it’s not like he’s going to be there forever. Michael and Anael can get him anything, he doesn’t need the commissary money.
Angeles raises his eyes to the ceiling, "Believe me, you do not want to be. Chuck waving that gun around like a madman was bad enough. You really shook him up about the phone."
"I don't know." Cas breaks away from Dean to pace in thought until he decides, "Call everyone who was at the conference last week. Don't bother with Chuck first, keep it to NOVAK employees only. No use getting this to a magazine writer if it's an internal problem, he'll just write a tabloid-worthy article on it. Tell them to meet me in my office in two hours."
Dean holds a hand over the receiver, barely able to hold back the grin on his face as he calls out, “I have Rowena!” He redirects the call to Castiel’s office and watches as he picks up the phone, speaking. He looks up and connects eyes with Dean, and a hint of a smile tugs at the corners of his mouth before he turns to look out the office window.
Cas nods and retreats to the truck, sitting in the back close to where the books are stacked. Gabriel joins him by his side and Ash sits next to the truck doors and they hear Jo and Eileen get into the front -- Eileen in passenger and Rowena in the driver seat.
Michael and Adam spent their lunch break in the medical bay alone since Rufus went out for lunch with his wife Aretha. Lunch and dinner have been some of the only peaceful moments of time Michael can find, mostly because he gets to be around Adam.
The flash subsides and Dean materialises in the driver’s seat of the Impala. He brushes his hand across the dashboard in disbelief - holy shit, I’m alive.
John ignores him and says, “My cellmate told me you were in for robbery. I thought with someone like Bobby taking you in, you wouldn’t get caught. Bobby was the master.”
, you know? There’s no Kansas without Angeles. I know I told him I want him to stay in Italy, and I don’t regret it, but I… I don’t think I could have kept my cool the way I did in the heists without him because Cas is my fucking rock. And all I have now is you, that redheaded con-woman and a killer businessman.”
"If I could get Lucian Morningstar to take his article down, I can get Naomi to do it too," Dean says, grabbing his jacket. He scribbles with one hand, fitting his other arm through a jacket sleeve and passes the note to Inias, asking, "Can you pick this up for me? I need to deal with Naomi and Cas will be back in a while."
"Right, right," Sam says, pretending to get engrossed in the surgery despite doing nothing else except passing tools over. Fifty minutes later, the surgeons are finally getting to stitching up the wound.
“Yeah, you’re not hiding for him. But Cas needs you, man. And I know you need him too,” Sam replies. “Look, just talk to Cas, okay? Forget about Dad, he doesn’t know what he’s talking about.”
John Winchester's son. The photo is real, I'm sure you know how to test it," Adam replies, disbelieving of how terribly blind Sam is to the whole thing. "Fine, I'm part of the heist. But I'm not Kansas. I'm Windom."
“It was great, you know. A couple of big-name designers and Castiel’s. I took videos for you guys, I’ll send them when we’re back in the hotel,” Dean promises. “Just waiting for the limo to take us back so he can get some shut-eye, then we'll be on our way back to New York in a couple of days. We're done with the critical stuff already, though.”
“You think that Alfie kid could hurt Michael like that?” Anael questions incredulously. “Even you have to admit a lot of the inmates won’t stand a chance against him.”
Charlie is apparently thinking about getting married to Dorothy, which has Dean excited like an older brother. Sam tells them about how his law degree is coming along well, especially with Jess's help. Crowley and his mother run a borderline honest business together as brokers of some sorts. Anael started a small underground business where she gets people what they want for a price, collecting favours and racking up debts. Adam's mother is doing well, and he himself had graduated from medical school. Everyone's lives seemed to be settling down.
Dean decides to take their advice and wait it out. It’s not like he can do much more other than make sure the show is a success so it didn’t feel as much of a disappointment to her. The least he can do is put on a good runway in her honour. He’s already apologized. Even Pax and Sam agreed that Dean’s done what he can. Cas remains on neutral ground — he has to, as their boss, but he tells Dean one night that he’ll try to talk Meg round.
Right then, Ketch separates the partitions and says reluctantly, "We agree to your terms. Mick, release Milligan immediately. Your girlfriend Jess is ready for him outside."
"You're scared out of your mind, you're practically the human embodiment of an earthquake. You were at the coat rack. What did you do?" Castiel asks again, voice leaving no room for bullshit. "This has been a tense morning. I suggest that you don't fuck around with me."
"Still living and breathing, aren’t I?" Dean jokes and Adam gives him a dirty look. Dean brushes his humour aside and leans in to talk quietly, "Listen, Sam will be asking for me back now that they know we’re brothers. Chances are they’ll know you and I related too so we don’t have a lot of time, they’ll separate us when they find out. They’ll want to bug me but they can’t do it without me knowing. I’ll condition your release to return to the Factory and we’ll handle the bug. If it doesn’t work, I’ll threaten them with exposing your imprisonment with no warrant."
Early the next morning, Cas snuck down to the river and waded in his shorts, to try to get them clean. Laundry was done communally, and Cas didn’t think he could suffer the embarrassment of handing off his clothes to someone else in this state. By the time he got back to his tent, Claire, Charlie, and Dean were all waiting for him.
Castiel retreated to the ancient mattress, and he began rambling, the nonlinear babble that floods from one who has been unable to speak for a long, long time.
“You’d risk Benny and Charlie, but not me? It’d be more dangerous if just you and Charlie went anyway.”
They found themselves in the middle of a small bridge that spanned the factory floor. The bridge led to a control panel and a brick wall. Dead end. Over the shuffle of the Croats, Cas could hear the truck start up outside.
“Now we put them out of their misery,” Dean said, leaning down with his knife. Cas looked away, but helped Dean drag the deer up into the back of the truck. Cas managed to make a mess of himself, but Dean stayed clean, somehow.
“I’m not trying to be funny. I wouldn’t put it past her to write me out of her will,” Gabe said, “Hey, she been treating you right?”
“Dean, do you think it is possible that I entered a romantic relationship without my own knowledge?”
“You can’t outrun Croats with a sore ass,” Dean cut him off, and chuckled at the honest to god pout Cas was sporting.
“I cooked for Sammy whenever Dad was in a bad way. Honestly I don’t think the old man knows how to cook,” Dean chuckled, stirring the sauce.
Cas and Claire trudged down to the river in relative silence, ignoring the stares from the other Croat-Ville residents.
Dean started the flatbed again, heading straight for the hole in the fence, the light of the dawn touching their destination as if it were some sort of profound symbol, though Dean had learned to ignore these long ago.
Dean almost gasped, but before he could say shit Cas was walking away, and Lisa was too, so Dean was left to slink into class.
“I figured you boys had girlfriends. Your dance cards have been full lately,” John said, stabbing at his potatoes.
“I’m afraid. I don’t think I feel as boys are meant to,” Castiel looked away, watching the snow seep through his pants, darkening the fabric, though the chill was a welcome distraction from the conversation at hand.
Dean nodded, without making eye contact. He got up quickly, and before Cas could follow him, he returned, this time with a bottle of clear liquid.
He cast his eyes to the ground, waiting for confirmation. Dean felt something akin to pity surge through him. His arm found its way around Castiel's shoulders, and soon he was guiding the bewildered teen towards the mess hall.
“Something about how accurately capturing light is essential,” Dean said, leaning against the wall, just where the sun filtering in from a missing patch in the ceiling ensconced him in an ethereal glow.
“Well, the apocalypse never happened before either, and you’re one of the idiots I've entrusted to actually advise me through the unprecedented,” Dean bit out, his tolerance for the former prophet severely diminished by the lack of alcohol in his system.
Hours later, the RV let out three honks, and Dean slowly pulled over. The afternoon sun was slowly reddening, its rays gently bleeding on the horizon. Despite the tension of the morning, Castiel was surprised how soon things could return to whatever could be considered normal between him and Dean. They talked about nothing for the hours they spent driving, both too hesitant to bring up something heavy, and Cas even managed to eke a laugh out of Dean, albeit only after he messed up the punchline to one of Claire’s old jokes.
Cas worried his lip, probably weighing his options on ratting Dean out to his awful mother. Dean crossed his fingers as he waited for Cas to respond.
The team went back to harassing Victor for pictures of his new girlfriend, letting Dean freak out in peace.
Their negligent God must have smiled upon Cas that day, because the ignition turned over, and Cas got the plane to start rolling forward down the incline. Just as they reached the end, Cas heard the engine ramp up, and soon they were airborne.
“I’m sorry I kept you waiting,” Dean whispered, “Next round I’ll take my time, take you apart slowly.”
“Lying is a sin, Dean. And besides, she would want to become involved. She’s already tried to petition the school to create such a club, but they claim they are unable to endorse religious clubs.”
John ignored her, “What something wrong with you? No son of mine should have trouble getting a date.”
Naomi was declared cancer free in April. Cas held Dean’s hand underneath the kitchen table as Naomi gave the news. John looked relieved-- his parachute was still in tact. Sammy looked happy too, and gave Naomi a big hug which the old hag accepted. The church, suspiciously absent during her illness, embraced her again, inviting her to chair their expansion committee. Apparently they wanted to open another sanctuary the four towns over, and so Naomi, barely a day in remission, was off on mini mission trips to evangelize the people of even-more-bumblefuck Illinois.
The morning of the church sale, John packed up the minivan with so many boxes that there was no space for Dean and Cas in the back.
The hope in his voice weighed on his soul. After all these years, Sammy still trusted him. And Dean was going to get them killed.
He felt a little guilty about shaming Dean in public. Partly, he was fearful of giving away too much about his conversation with Meg. Granted, the first few times she cornered him with lewd remarks, Castiel felt repulsed, and was grateful for Lisa’s intervention. This last time, she passed a note to him during their science class. Castiel reluctantly met her by the lockers, but before she could explain what she needed, just putting her number in his phone, Dean interrupted them. Despite being so forward before, Meg avoided him at school for the week, disappearing around corners. Now school was out and he’d lost his chance. Castiel was too nervous to call her, what could she possibly want from him?
Dean’s thrust started shallow, but soon his thrusts grew harder, striking Cas’s very core. He felt heat rise up in his abdomen.
“So,” Cas began, grateful that no one commented on the crack in his voice, “It’s like an anti-virus?”
“I’ve got you, Cas,” he heard his sister whisper in his ear, and he wasn’t sure if he was dreaming as the world went dark.
“I’m just fucking with you. It’s not so bad having you around, you make me look smoother by comparison,” Dean said.
It took him an hour and a half to get across town, two hours to knock on all the doors of the newly sold houses (there was something of a real-estate boom since the state university had opened a new campus a few miles from the city center), and forty minutes of begging to convince the Simon-Grubinyere’s that the pie dish had significant emotional value and was not meant to be sold and yes Cas would reimburse them for the amount they spent on it and he knows it’s not very Christian to take something back like this. It took him two hours to bike back home because he was carefully holding the pie dish in one hand, and he wasn’t confident enough to go more than a few blocks balancing that way without slowing down. It was after dark when he got home, and every light in the house was on.
Dean shook himself and stepped forward again, gingerly peeling Cas’s shirt off, and Cas saw his eyes skim across Cas’s chest before dragging themselves up to his eyes.
“There are like 40,000 kids at that school. I think it shouldn’t be too hard to avoid each other,” Dean sighed, turning over.
“I want you too much. I want everything, it fucking scares me. What I want to do to you. To do for you.”
Cas simply put another spoonful in his mouth, and waited patiently. Bobby, Jo, Ash and Ellen were off somewhere, something about finishing out an impromptu poker game, leaving Cas and Dean to eat in the tiny kitchen.
Though Naomi’s health steadily improved, Castiel’s summer nightmares chased him through winter. One kept recurring. In it, he woke up in a cold empty house, and then suddenly found himself in a deserted street. Something was chasing him, something large, something deadly, so he would take off running and running, until he found himself in a crowd of people. They were at school in the cafeteria, but no one could see him. That thing, that thing that was chasing him always catches him, and he’s torn apart, and no one can see him. He was going to Hell, and he was going alone.
Dean reached carefully to the side, grabbing a rag, dunking into the water, and soaping it up, before dragging it carefully across Cas’s chest, before wiping at his thighs and hole. Cas sighed, leaning back into Dean’s chest, content to lie there long after the water went cold. They stayed enmeshed until the front door slammed, and then it was a scramble to get out of the water, get dressed, get the table ready for dinner.
“Dean, I don’t know how I feel about pirating movies,” Castiel fretted, watching Dean type away at their shared laptop.
Cas hesitantly tugged on the man’s arm, suddenly feeling awkward despite his important purpose. Sam turned, his face annoyed, before he saw the fear etched into the teen’s face. Sam made his excuses to Madison, and made his way to where Castiel had positioned himself at the edge of the fire.
Dean made the decision for him, springing back and off the bed. Cas turned and saw Dean blinking up at him like he had no idea where he was.
"So I joined Abaddon's gang. I didn't think I had any options left, anyway," Dean took a pull from the bottle.
After a few moments, “You should consider bringing Lisa Braeden here. I know you’ve been wanting alone time with her,” Cas said thoughtfully.
Dean begged Bobby for a summer job, ostensibly to start saving for college, but really he just needed fucking out of the house. Dean rode with John to Bobby’s shop on his first day.
“So I have you all to myself? Say it Cas,” Dean held down Cas’s hips, as he vainly tried to push himself deeper into Dean’s mouth.
Dean sighed. He knew he was being a dick. Cas knew it too. But part of him wanted to rile the other boy up. At least when he was yelling at Dean he wasn’t playing the perfect son act. And maybe if Cas said more mean shit to him, he would feel less bad about all the shit he said. They cleaned in silence for hours, Dean letting Cas pick out what would be good for the church sale. Apparently they did a good job, because not only did Naomi let them eat dinner that night, she also let Cas pray over the meal, which she only did like once a month. Cas beamed, and Dean realized that he never really saw Cas smile.
“You can’t honestly be comfortable with risking your life for a mission you know nothing about and people you just met,” he wagered.
Cas shook his head, laying his head on Dean’s shoulder, and Dean could smell the sweet sweat in his hair,  and wanted to tell the other boy it was too hot to be touching, too hot to be close, but he just took another hit and closed his eyes, letting the summer air wash over them.
Cas wrung his hands while beseechingly asking for permission, but Naomi just waved a disinterested hand and instructed Cas to take the exact price of a movie ticket out of her purse.
Dean held up 3 fingers, and saw Sammy nod out of the corner of his eye. 3 seconds. 2 seconds. 1 second.
“Wait, a cure?” Cas leaned forward, all his attention zeroed upon Ash. He couldn’t help but think of the siblings he was forced to leave behind. His old friends, his neighbors. His parents.
Dean was going to do everything right. Day one, he signed up for the soccer team (Naomi forbade football, apparently it promoted domestic abuse and devil worship). Dean made starting forward, which gave him an excuse not to have to ride home with the Jesus gang every day.
The last words John Winchester said to Dean were incoherent and unmemorable. Dean’s last word to John was “Sorry,” mingled among broken sobs. His words were probably just as incoherent, as he groveled through the blood welling inside his mouth.
It had been over 24 hours, and the boy’s only outside contact had been a bottle of water, toilet paper roll, and some smoked meat being frantically launched through the cabin window.
Sam headed back, receding into the dark, and Dean made a mental note to find something to burn, maybe make some candles to keep at night.
Cas leaned up carefully. He stared down, propping himself up on his elbow, and he tried to gauge if Dean was really asleep, or just faking.
“Beats me. I don’t get how anyone is attracted to dudes anyway,” Dean said quickly, “Though this veggietales case will come in handy, I wonder if we could use the printer to make more.”
Cas woke up on Saturday refreshed. It’d been less than a week since Dean’s midnight apology, but ever since then, something has shifted between them. Dean smiled at him when he came down for breakfast on Tuesday, and then in the car to school he started asking about his friend Charlie, and kept talking to him even as they were walking into school. Dean’s eyes still went a little wide when they ran into Gordon and other soccer players by the gym, but he just waved and kept talking to Cas about baseball of all things. While he certainly didn’t expect such a change, he couldn’t help but feel warm. Maybe the step brothers could be friends after all.
The silent treatment. That was unusual. The kid usually hung on Dean’s beck and call. Was he upset about Jane? Dean felt a cold, ugly feeling slither into his belly, suddenly feeling guilty about being so careless with Cas’ feelings. Sure, he didn’t feel the same way, Cas was only a kid. But he should have been more upfront about the whole thing. He was the adult here.
The rest of the week went by in a blur. The ghost boys began joining Charlie, Cas, and Kevin at lunch, and for the first time Castiel felt like he had a circle of friends. Dean didn’t join them, still sitting with his rude sports friends, but he did wave with a smile. On Friday, Naomi picked Cas up for a trip to the clinic, shoving a box of pamphlets in his lap.
Everything was going fine! No one was treating Dean differently at all. Well, no one except Lisa. She sidled up to him at lunch like she just happened to want to sit with the entire boy’s soccer team, and she totally held her own. Plus she laughed at all of Dean’s jokes so now he seemed funnier. She even walked with him to Bio, even though she was in Chem because she was a year ahead in science. Wait, maybe Dean should be the one walking her to chemistry? Wasn’t it kind of a chick thing to be the one being walked?
Castiel jerked awake, sitting up straight, his back as stiff as a lightning rod. He tried to catch his breath, as he slowly patted himself down, sweat forcing his T-Shirt to stick to his body in odd places. He breathed in slowly through his nose, then out his mouth, and once some of the residual adrenaline fled his system, he could feel the chill of the night creep upon him. He dove back into his sleeping bag, and tried to zip the fabric around him, a process he must have undone over the course of his nightmare. Cas knew he could crawl out of his small, vinyl, tent, and be at Claire’s side in an instant, and that, regardless of the late hour, she would welcome him. And yet Cas felt himself unable to leave his tent, and equally unable to fall back asleep. He couldn’t bear to burden his sister, no more than he already did, now that they were safe, now that they were protected, because he had had a stupid nightmare.
“Not that one bud, that one’s gonna be a momma soon,” Dean said, “Look for one with larger antlers. Like that one,” Dean pointed. Cas nodded, and followed Dean as he carefully exited the truck and layed down on the lip of the hill. Cas tried not to revel in their proximity-- he could feel Dean’s every little shift as he propped up his rifle, could hear his breath as he adjusted his grip on the trigger. Together they aimed the sights of their rifles, and soon they were driving down to the bank of the river, two deers bleeding out on the ground.
Dean steeled himself for more jokes, but they never came. Same thing happened on Tuesday, which made Dean feel a little ridiculous when he sprinted away from the car that morning. Apparently, no one cared what happened at the party. Huh. Except now that creepy girl Meg sometimes hovered around Cas’s table at lunch. Dean wanted to say something, but it’s not like he was the kid’s bodyguard.
By the time they reached the freeway, Dean’s breathing and hearing almost returned to normal. Dodging around abandoned cars on the local streets was a nightmare, but at some point the army must have come in and cleared some of the highway wreckage, because it was slightly better getting out of Paolo Alto.
“Dean, your hands are over my eyes, it doesn’t matter if I open them or not,” Cas sighed, but reluctantly kept marching forward.
“You can trust me,” Cas said quietly, and Dean stopped in his tracks, almost causing Cas to bump into him.
“It’s not every day you can point out a super villain, Ellen,” Ash tosses back, but quiets under Ellen’s gaze.
And John Winchester, in his infinite wisdom, saw that first interaction, and made the boys share a room on the third floor of their new house, letting thirteen-year-old Sammy take the one on the second floor closer to the room he shared with Naomi. Dean was expecting bunk beds, but the third floor room was huge, with a giant window facing the back of the house, and it’s own little bathroom to the side. Apparently Naomi’s corporate law gig paid well-- though Dean supposed a lot of jobs paid better than being a part-time mechanic/part-time drunk. Dean crashed on the neatly made bed with glee, the new mattress springing easily. Dean breathed in the non-motel sheets and sighed. At least he’d be the only person sleeping in this bed.
There were two main buildings, a shiny high rise that was out of place, and a long dormant factory. Dean followed the truck as it veered through a gap in the fencing of the factory. To Cas’s surprise, he hadn’t seen a Croat for the past few dozen miles. Part of him wondered if the crisis would just die down on its own. They knew Croats only lasted a few months, and after that they just sort of, melted away. If they were smart, and lucky, maybe they could keep the living safe for long enough that the Croats would no longer be a threat.
They drove to the next town over to do just that, the clerk looking suspiciously at Dean, but nevertheless accepting the greasy money.
Dean thought his heart was gonna explode. He didn’t kiss Cas, he made sure not to, and now the asshole was accusing him of stuff.
Naomi silently fumed on the way home, refusing to make eye contact with Cas. John took the van after church, saying something about helping Bobby with a special order. Sam made himself scarce too.
Dean’s nose twitched. Somehow, he’d teach Castiel that despite her God complex, Naomi wasn’t omnipotent.
“What’s gonna happen if Naomi dies?” Sam asked quietly. They were huddled in Dean and Cas’s room, playing Animal Crossing with the projector. Dean got Cas the game for his birthday, but Cas told Sam about the projector, so now the kid was always asking to use it too.
“You’ve got to be shitting me,” Dean growled, but soon began charging forward, mowing down the Croats between them and the plane.
Cas tried to tamp down his anxiety when Dean pulled his keys out of the ignition, and followed him out of the car.
“You left him!” Cas’s voice broke, his throat aching painfully, but not as terribly as the knots in his stomach.
Miracle on miracle, they reached the base of the platform right before Cas ran out of ammo. He used his gun to beat off one particularly aggressive Croat, before climbing up the scaffolding. They reached the top, and to Cas’ surprise, Dean hopped in the passenger seat in the back of the plane.
Claire patted his head as he exited, and Cas felt a pang of longing. Though the initial outbreak marked the darkest period of his life, it was also the closest he had ever been to his family. Now that they were safe, well,  as safe as anyone could ever feel in the new world order, he and Claire had drifted once more. Claire had someone, she had Charlie, she didn’t need Cas. And Cas didn’t have anybody.
Charlie looked at them like they were both insane, but acquiesced nonetheless. She walked out with a jaunty salute.
John drinking again was not a good sign. Maybe he never even stopped. He seemed fine, he actually went to work, and he came home, and he didn’t hit and he stopped swearing. Maybe it was all easier with someone else putting food on the table.
“C’mon, let’s go handle the day,” Dean called over, and he didn’t even have to look over his shoulder to know the teen was dutifully following him.
“You need to learn to relax, plus it’s legal in this state,” Dean said, before finally lighting up, and quickly sucking in, making sure it burned evenly.
“Dean, you shouldn’t go to a party that has alcohol. What if you get hurt? You’re starting on a dangerous path.”
That Saturday, Dean fidgeted in the mirror. Apparently, Lisa was tired of waiting for Dean to make a move, and so during lunch she declared that he was taking her out, and that was that. Dean convinced Castiel that he wouldn’t go to hell if they told John they were catching a movie with friends from school, and Cas agreed that the small deception would protect both of their interests.
She nodded, turning her lips up in a quick smile, before scampering away. In the five years since she had shed her nomadic life, Jess had never lost her fierce and hurried way of moving. Cas turned his attention to the little boy bouncing around his cabin.
“Do you think we can make it back around?” Dean asked, and Cas tried to ignore the fear in his voice.
Dean waved awkwardly, and the two boys walked out onto the street. They were silent for a while. Dean enjoying the soft crunch of the gravel and the night air on his sweaty face. He tried to walk carefully, but he felt the alcohol sway his feet. Despite the wobbliness, it still felt nice. Dean started to get why John drank so much. If he hadn’t drank, he would probably give a shit that everyone had seen him talking to Cas that night and would lump them together. But now he could just focus on the good feeling in his stomach and the warmth in his chest, and didn’t have to think about anything bad, why wouldn’t he want to feel like that all the time and-
Castiel was the youngest of the Novaks, and so he was always protected. That was the unspoken arrangement of their family. That arrangement, that
“You know who I’m thinking about,” Cas said, closing his eyes, because if he looked at Dean it would be over, and who knew when he would have this again?
“So there it is,” Dean grinned, before working at the spot while Cas struggled to keep his hips still.
Cas lowered himself down again as softly as he could manage. He felt a sudden pang in his chest. He didn’t know why it bothered him so much- that he couldn’t tell if Dean was faking or not.
“Mother would never pay for me to get an art degree. I can paint in my spare time. Please go back to your pose.”
It was carnage. The water colors were indistinguishable from wet confetti. The acrylics fared slightly better, but the figures were warped, the red of Charlie’s hair and the blue of Dean’s denim rubbed into the rotted wood.
Dean continued to stare at the road, occasionally glancing at the RV in his rearview. He was stalling, and he could see the knowing smirk on Castiel’s face. He saw Dean was at the end of his rope.
"I don't know why he would lie about this," Dean says. They make a turn as Dean points out, "If he even jokes about Adam's safety, Michael will kill him himself."
Lilith crumbles to the floor, almost mockingly quiet in the medical bay, and Gabriel reacts first. He bends down to get a tarp under her head so blood won’t get all over and incriminate them.
i just saw dean and cas in their club shirts trying to avoid principal roman and it’s the funniest thing ever
Bela puts her coat on the coat stand and says, “Tell me what's wrong, Cas." She never called him Cas or Castiel unless she was being serious, she always called him Cassandra because she was the only one who did.
“I have a business proposal for you,” Alastair says. His voice is like an embodiment of a snake, and it sends chills down Michael’s spine. “I need you to bring something in for me.”
“I’ll put you in witness protection if you comply,” Naomi says. “You just need to tell me the names of everyone else or, if you truly are concerned about your safety, the only name I really want is Kansas’s.”
Without answering, Sam tackles Adam to the ground, slapping handcuffs onto his wrists and then hoisting him up onto a chair. Adam barely had time to react until Sam slams him down on the chair. When Adam gets his bearings, Sam says, "You're Kansas."
"Shut up or I won't take you with me to Italy," Cas scolds, but a warm smile spreads across his face like a sunset painting gold and lilac across a melancholic blue.
Even with that, Dean still lied about needing half an hour to think about it. He just needed to buy Adam time to edit the audio and leak it to a news channel. Cheers for gullible cops (sorry Sam, but kinda not really).
like Dad. All he does is use my money and splurge on alcohol. He doesn't even go to his job and he breaks into my house just to blackout," Sam denies, pulling away from Dean to look at him. "Yeah, you made my job hell the past three days but even I have to admit that this plan you made is incredible."
When Ketch doesn’t seem to be convinced, Cas closes the book in his hands, holding it out to Ketch with a warm smile. “Do you want a free copy, officer? It’s about an antagonised man who finally meets his foes. There’s a lot of mind-bending content --“
Gabriel sways next to him like he’s bored, looking around the bus. They were the only two new inmates that day, other than one other guy that was being transferred over from another prison. There’s a blonde CO at the front, driving, but Dean didn’t catch her face or name.
“No, we can talk now. I don’t have any pressing matters,” Cas declines. “Dean, listen, I won’t make a good date.”
Cas blushes -- blushes? Maybe it just got hot. His cheeks burn a light red and he says, awkwardly rubbing his neck, “I don’t have a date.”
That was the start of it. They offered him money, $3,000,000 in cash in a suitcase Dean brought. Once they were certain they'd bought Mick's silence and loyalty, they filled him in; They had another heist planned for five months later at the Diamonds Factory at Hatton Garden. They had a bigger team this time though Dean was against telling him everyone's identities. After he was aware of the impending heist, Dean told him, "You can be our inside man with the police and keep this 3,000,000 or Meg can show you the suppressor she bought last week."
Gabriel leans forward on the table to look at who's at the front door and he grins, "Hey, Dean-o. Cas made pie."
Finally, along with a sleeping Kansas, Toni gets the gurney and wheels him away to where nobody will find them.
He balls a hand into a fist and grits his teeth, calling someone else instead. Rowena and Dean watch silently as Castiel talks. It’s so quiet in the office that if Dean strains his ears, he can faintly hear the other side of the call. “Anael, tell Ruby to take that article out.”
He can’t even talk to Sam about it either because while Sam would know Cas well enough to offer sound advice, he still doesn’t know Cas is gay and Dean is not gonna be the one to out him so Sam, and everyone else, is a moot point. He could just not mention the name and ask but Sam and a couple of his friends already know that the only person Dean remotely likes at the moment is Cas which makes it impossible to confide in any of them without implicating Cas. Dean’s on his own with this one. Unless he asked Rowena since she found out when Lucian wrote the article. Rowena has to be trustworthy enough.
Crowley stands in the lobby as the doors open with Sam, Dorothy, Anael and Dean behind him, though only he had his mask off, strapped around his right arm. The doors open and a female reporter and cameraman walk in.
, in fact; no point in letting Cas’s extraordinary gift with jewel theft get rusty, not after he’d spent so much time perfecting it. He and Cas manage to get away every time -- with Cas’s expertise in the area, he’d come up with the ability to break in, grab what he wanted and get out, all under ninety seconds. He had a strict timetable he stuck to each time, only tweaking it slightly based on each store, and he cases his target across two weeks pretending to be shopping for a ring for his partner. Once he got all the information he needed, he’ll adjust the plan accordingly and get to work.
Opening his arms wide as if presenting himself, he gives them the same smile he always showed his hostages.
“God, Dean,” Cas murmurs, his face so close to Dean’s that he can feel his breath on his lips. A faint memory is hazy in his mind of when they talked about Pax, but Dean is so focussed on Cas’s gravel voice and close proximity that his brain doesn’t even fucking remember who the hell Pax is supposed to be. “I wish...”
"You just said he wanted to kill me!" Chuck protests. Castiel looks behind him and sees snipers on the opposite building beginning to aim and he grabs Salem's arm, tugging her to the ground.
"Kinda late to worry, right?" Dean replies, zipping up the police jacket. He can't see Angeles's face but he's known him long enough to know that he's not all that jazzed about his lacklustre response.
!" That grabs Angeles's attention and he looks over with wide eyes. Dean commands, "Angeles, the machine gun! Everyone cover him in three, two, one!"
"Cas, you okay?" Dean asks. Castiel nods weakly, his heavy breath audible even with the distance between them.
Abaddon says warningly, glaring at Angeles, "You better pray I don't get out of these bonds. I will kill you if I do."
"Like I'm dreaming," Castiel says, watching the president talk on the screen. His mouth is moving but Castiel doesn't hear any of it. Bela joins in the hug and eventually, Crowley does too.
"We could have invested a little bit more in these masks," Paris says disdainfully and London points to her in agreement. "If I knew that we were going to wear this for almost two weeks, I would have offered to buy us nicer ones. I know someone who makes these excellent masks..."
(If it seems like Cas and Adam don't have a very central role, it's because they don't. They already said they're only there to keep an eye on their partners and that they will stay out of their way as they find a way out of prison.)
"God, I knew I should have gone to Spain for Dean’s classes. If I knew you were there, I would have dropped everything and bought a ticket to Madrid," Adam says regretfully.
"Truth be told, I didn't have a favourite colour until you said green. You just seemed so excited about it that I went with it," Cas says quietly. "And your eyes were green... I did say I really liked you. Despite everything, I did like you. I just wasn't very good at showing it."
Dean sniffs. "I know I don't. But it's just... God, I hate him so much but he was my dad and I thought he was trying to fix things between us, and then he says this is wrong and asks me to hide that part of myself. It got me so angry."
Cas says, disturbed, “I was hoping that you would say that your death wouldn't be a possibility." Dean winces -- maybe he should have said 'I can't die' and put his boyfriend's heart at ease. Now that Cas said that, it sounded like a far better answer than the one he gave.
“Vegas and I are gonna do something after the heist,” Bela says. “I’m not sure what the plan is yet but I think we’re getting a place together.”
“Missouri,” Rowena answers, hope cast over her pleading face. “Potosi Correctional Centre. Are you saying yes?”
Meg wanted to go there after Kansas taught them what to do if they got caught by the police. It's a lot and she had to commit it to memory. They had a lot to remember, actually. Meg's memory isn't always reliable so she liked to have some time to herself after a few lessons to review. She'd never paid much attention in school but this is a heist, this is
"Okay, Michael," Sam says, and it reminds Dean of the way Sam talks to him. Maybe there's some truth to what Cas said about Michael being almost like an older brother to them too. He has a steady feel to him that John lost since Mary died. "See you later."
Cas chuckles, voice a little low from the heated making out, and he stands. "I'll get the door for you."
Cas laughs, kissing Dean sweetly before standing and taking one of the dresses off of the rack. Cas came over to work on some dresses from the fall collection presently in production. Cas takes them back to his own house if he doesn't intend on staying over, but for tonight, Dean's pretty happy that Cas plans to stay the night. While Cas doesn't personally work on all the pieces of a collection, there are a few that are special to him that he insists on doing himself. Only he is allowed to bring pieces home with him, though. Dean heard of a former designer who brought a piece home to finish and ended up getting fired because Kevin reported him thinking that he stole it when he couldn't find it in the workshop.
He angles the gun to the wall behind Toni and shoots, the bullet cracking loudly against it. Cas walks out of the office, putting the bullets back into his pistol as Meg and Sam exchange worried stares.
Sam, Eileen, Ellen, Bobby, and Jo come down from Stanford and Sioux Falls to watch Dean's runway. When Jo sees him, she brings him into her biggest hug which is incredible because of how small she is compared to Dean's tall self.
Not one thing. Toni couldn't get Dean to say anything even with the threat of cardiac arrest becoming more and more apparent with every 10cm
They were styled in Max Mara for the shoot; Castiel was put in a blue velvet suit and Bela, in a blue poplin dress. Since Castiel didn't mind wearing womenswear, they decided to just tailor a Max Mara suit to better fit his body shape and settle on the brand.
"Hey, Sammy," John greets semi-amiably, but it's clear in his tone that he wanted to ask about something else. "I wanted to congratulate you again on Eileen and your engagement."
Sure, Crowley had the charm to assure hostages that everything was fine even though they haven't seen Dean all night. They might have been concerned that Dean was planning something for them in secret thus his absence but Crowley put them at ease as best as he can. However, it didn't mean he had enough charm to be a good leader to the other Dalís.
“No, and he doesn’t have to,” Michael says firmly. “Look, he’s got enough to deal with. The whole Alastair and Lilith thing, I’ll deal with it on my own.” Anael begins to protest but Michael insists, “I don’t need his help. He just needs to focus on getting Crowley and Gabriel out and his father. The rest is our problem.”
Rowena tells some embarrassing childhood story about Crowley that has Kevin and Gabriel in stitches, but Dean can’t really find it in him to offer more than a half-hearted chuckle. He just eats his cheeseburger, makes a few noises here and there to show he’s listening and remains silent when they all walk back to the NOVAK building.
Some time while Dean is talking, Alfie seems to have slipped away to a different table, not wanting to get involved. Smart. Gabriel simply stays put next to Dean, though he continues eating like the conversation isn’t happening.
wings collapsed during chemistry, one of the experiments blew up and the sound shocked him too hard, i think.
“Fuck me, that plot could not be a bigger slap-in-the-face,” Gabriel says gleefully, taking the book from Cas to flip through. “Seriously, antagonised man meeting his enemies?”
Eventually, about six minutes after Dean reaches, Anael appears. “John’s gonna be here any minute now.”
"And I'm in Louis Vuitton, but that's not stopping me," Dean replies, still holding onto Castiel's arm and tugging him gently to the elevator. "If Prada was such a problem, you wouldn't have let me get you to the elevator." Castiel just smiles at that wordlessly, letting the doors slide shut behind him as they descend the building, painted by the thin yellow light overhead.
Dean knows they need help. One man is dead and nothing in his plan had prepared him for fatalities, especially on his side of the fight for the Bank of America. He needed to bring people into the bank to help -- get the exit done faster, help split the work and cover more ground so they can leave earlier.
"How good?" Dean asks, lifting his nose to the sky like he's ready to receive endless praise from Castiel.
Dean nods slowly before he jogs to catch up with Castiel. At his strange look, Dean smiles, nudging Castiel’s shoulder with his own, “I’m not letting you work late alone, come on.”
"In case you don't join me, I can't say too much, but this isn't an hour's operation. We're gonna stay in the bank for a few days and the police will let us stay because the public won't be against us," Dean says, and it seems like the final step in convincing the thief. It sounded too interesting -- the only heist in which they don't try to pull it off as quickly as possible... A heist where they want to take as much time as they can. "So, you in?"
could do anything. Maybe we have an argument and throw someone out for real, and not pretend as we did with Meg. Maybe we take one step out of the Factory and get shot dead. Maybe they arrest one of us and keep us without a warrant. A hundred things can happen and I can't plan for all of it." Everyone listens intently as Dean explained himself. "So in light of unpredictability, I don't have a plan."
“Well, I’m not complaining.” Bela walks over to John and asks, “Excuse me, are you John Winchester?”
Dean nods minutely in agreement and stands. "This has been nice and all, and that's overselling it, but I need to go back to work." Before John can do anything else, Dean storms out and hears Sam say something to John before following him out. When he's sure John didn't try to follow them, he asks, "What'd you say to him?"
Eileen and Jo pair off to look at the outfits together and Ellen and Bobby decide to get some éclairs and champagne from the snack table. Sam and Dean find Cas talking to an enthusiastic Bela and smiling Crowley. Bela spots them first and waves, “Hello, Deanna!”
(They're 17 and it's 2008, so this isn't a real marriage, just them being in love and in the moment)
"Can't be Abaddon, Windom would have called," Angeles mutters. Right then, the phone rings and Castiel stares at Sam before picking up. "Windom, talk to me."
Michael’s eyes go from wary to contemplative like he’s about to prove Dean’s guess. When he moves, it’s to open his wallet hand him $30, saying, “You and your brother’s lunch is on me.”
Cas comes out in time to hear her explanation as Rowena clarifies, patience wearing thin, “We need to get him out of jail.”
He goes out to the living room and only Eileen is there. He taps her on the shoulder lightly and signs good morning, to which Eileen responds by signing to him that Sam is still sleeping. Sam shuffles tiredly out of the bathroom half an hour later, muttering a fatigued 'good morning' to Dean and pressing a kiss to Eileen's temple.
"Adam, I swear I’m getting you out," Dean says again before he withdraws, leaning back and pretending to busy himself with his handcuffs just as Naomi walks through the partitions.
"I'm not leaving that bank without at least two," Bela says decisively. Kansas grins, wide and easy, draping his arm over the back of Angeles's chair. His thumb strokes Angeles's right shoulder where his hand rests and neither man says a word about it.
"Right?" Salem says agreeably. After a moment of quiet, she asks, "What the hell was that about with Kansas in the main hall?"
Castiel has never seen all his employees in one place before. They're always dispersed at their respective floors and rooms in the building, not assembled like this. It's almost staggering just how many there are, and how many actually turned up to celebrate the legalisation. He'd seen Sam and Eileen come in earlier on and greeted them, then he'd met Adam and Michael again. At least this time, he got to have a conversation with Adam that wasn't about Dean, and one with Michael that isn't about business or his father.
Dean presses a kiss to Cas's lips and says, "Unless you know how to make it not look like murder..."
Jess told him to find a secluded room, saying she had information from Mick that was critical but she didn't want anyone else to hear it. He went to the office with the phones so she can tell him in private.
She leans in close and says, “Michael and I will work on what we can and get back to you. You better have a semi-stable plan by tomorrow or getting Crowley off death row and running from Adam and Michael are the least of your problems.”
"It's okay, we'll make new memories in Illinois," Dean affirms. "A nice place there. I'd have my Impala. We'll have the kids."
Anael slips it into her pants pocket, nodding. “Yeah, I’ll take care of it. I’m sorry for jumping to conclusions.”
, babe,” Anael says. She’s not sure how sound-proof Hannah’s earphones are but she’s not taking the risk. “This one’s different. We only have ourselves.”
Castiel halts where he stands and Dean grins wide, turning to stop right in front of him. Castiel smiles, “Don’t flatter yourself.”
Dean grins and pats Cas’s hand once with his own before he turns on the headset, readying the runway animations. He speaks into the headset, doing a final check on all equipment and making sure every model and outfit is accounted for in the line-up.
"Do I look like I care? You're criminals," Abaddon sneers, dragging Cas along roughly and causing him to groan. Anael looks around, likely trying to find some way to fool Abaddon, but she catches her and fires a warning shot near her foot. "Eyes here, Paris." Charlie looks afraid like she's going to pass out any moment, and she's so painfully young that Dean fears for every single Dalí.
"How did it even happen?" Eileen asks, leaning forward in interest as she reaches for more champagne.
“If you want. I make a mean bowl of pasta,” Dean says, hoping and hoping that Cas says yes, otherwise this is going to be one of his most embarrassing work experiences. “You can dress down, it’s just a casual thing. You don’t even have to say yes —"
Cas makes sure Sam can support Dean on his own before he walks off to talk to Jess over the radio and Sam brings him to the front door. "Dean, are you sure you'll be okay if you do this?"
"I could be worse," Angeles mutters, hand tentatively coming up to touch his face. He hisses when he feels a piece of glass that has embedded itself into his cheek. "How bad is it?"
"Tell yourself! You already know who Kansas is!" Adam shouts. Sam glares at him and picks up the chair, running his hands over his face. It's going to be a long night before he can drag an answer out of Adam. Maybe it's yet another tactic to keep him off the investigation for the next couple of hours but at the rate that it's going, Sam figures it will be no big loss to stay here if it means he might leave tonight with Kansas's identity. It's for the greater good, and it's not like he's the only cop on the case anyway.
By now, the SWAT team has pushed a periscope camera through a hole they have drilled in the wall of the landing zone to scope the area. They end up being greeted by the sight of just over ten people, all dressed in red coveralls and Dali masks, pointing guns at the camera.
"Good now," Dean replies, looking over Adam's injuries. The bruises are now painful blue and purple and Dean can't help but wince at the sight of them. "God, I'm so gonna kill them."
“Not bad, Winchester. Keep this up,” Castiel says. He pauses, lingering for a second. ”And that's a great outfit. I like Westwood.”
Kansas appears at the doorway, grinning widely, "You guys ready? Is Angeles coming?" Castiel takes in the sight -- Kansas is wearing some patterned button-up shirt but left it open, exposing his body under it with an amulet hung by a black cord around his neck. He wears black jeans and shoes, and rings line his knuckles.
Michael stumbles backwards — the military training Lilith had as opposed to whatever brute force Michael acquired over his criminal lifestyle makes up far too great a difference in the fight. Where Michael is strong, Lilith is quick, muscle memory from training kicking in. He straightens up and decides that there’s no point in trying to reason anymore so he punches her back.
"Is that so? Well, we’re still alive here, aren’t we?" Cas says, huffing a plastic laugh as he paces around the pillar. "We’ve done this before with Abaddon from Black Ops. Are you familiar?"
The rest of the ride is silent until the bus pulls into the prison gates. Dean peers out of the bus’s windows — a guard at the gate has a key that unlocks it, but it’s on a chain with a bunch of other keys and Dean didn’t see which one it was.
I'll cut it short here. I've got this math homework to do and I wasn't paying attention. Cas told me he's calling in a couple of minutes to tutor me through it, though.
"I am not... shitting you." Cas says, hesitating at 'shitting you'. "I put in some money for a small office for you to do business in. It's only small because you're just starting out but when you get more employees and clients, you'll get to buy bigger offices and one day, a building. I'll help you the whole way. Congratulations, Dean. I look forward to collaborating with you as a brand."
"Nobody said if he's lying or not, at least not verbally or in the tent. It's 50/50," Adam answers over the phone.
Writing club's okay, on that note. The teacher, Pamela, she's really nice and she doesn't assign homework like other clubs do. She just lets us write whatever we want and show her our work if we want to.
"That's true... the man who's so careless with his private works that he got 10 of them stolen," Cas says lowly, pressing his palms together in thought. "They'd probably be willing to do more to keep this an internal issue."
"Whatever progress you make is of your own strength. You did that, not me," Cas denies, kissing the corner of Dean's mouth. "Did Jo like the jacket?"
"I guess you could say that," Sam shrugs, nodding. "He kissed you, okay? I have nothing to do with this. I'll give you two some privacy." Sam stands and walks to the doorway, patting Cas once on his shoulder before leaving.
“Open up the truck,” Ketch orders as Mick, behind him, raises his eyebrows slightly in question -- is the gold in the back of the truck? Jo nods to Ketch, pointedly ignoring Mick, and unlocks the backdoor. Cas goes back to reading as the door is pulled up by Ketch.
Dean sings Led Zeppelin to himself and he may be a little out of tune but nobody’s around to hear and he likes it. He dances a little around the kitchen as he cooks. It’s been weeks since he had time to properly cook like this so he was enjoying every second of it.
"I'm gonna melt some of the gold down into a ring, and then I'll give you that diamond," Dean says, watching the way Cas's face freezes and he looks up at him with wide eyes.
She laughs, sharp and nails on a chalkboard to Michael, and says, “You’re a riot, Michael. Well, I won’t keep you. Go and eat with
Cas's house is a real place, except that it was built in 2020 and this story takes place in 2015 at the moment.
Michael answers, shifting into a more comfortable position, "I didn’t want to be in your way. I thought you were better off if you didn’t know I was here." Cas helps him move without obliterating his fragile stitches and Michael mouths a 'thank you',
Dean DROPS the angel blade and walks back to Cas, slowly escalating into a RUN the closer he gets to him.
"I was drunk, it was a mistake, but she wanted to keep the kid. Who am I to make her get rid of him? I went to help with him when Mary died, try to get my shit together, but —"
"Well, he's a very unique man," Dean says, one side of his mouth tilting up in a grin. He waves hello to Lisa at the counter and then leads Sam and Eileen up to the top level. When the doors slide open and Dean reaches his desk outside Castiel's office, he smiles at the sight of coffee sitting on his desk.
Roman eyes him warily and finally sighs. "Well, at least Lilith is replaceable. She's no big loss, though the investigation will have to continue. I'll destroy anything that can connect it to you." He glances at the clock and mutters under his breath before he says, "I'll be waiting for that final favour to be used up. I'm assuming that you're retiring after this? It seems like the logical thing to do after pulling off three crimes this big."
," Dean drags out the syllable thoughtfully. "I think it's weird because you said green is your favourite colour."
Meg frowns, running her arm through the water. "I know it's pretty and all but what's so great about the lake?"
“I already have quite a few names from the heists. You, Meg Masters, Adam Milligan, Sam Winchester. The deceased Bela Talbot, Benjamin Lafitte and Balthazar Freely,” Naomi points out, circling around Crowley’s seat. “Recently, one of your own gave up Anael Jo and her little Parisian lover, Ruby. That same person told me just this morning about someone named Michael. Ring a bell?”
"Tired?" Dean asks. joining Cas as the latter sits at the end of the stage and taking a hand in his.
Before Sam can say anything, Dean replies coldly, slamming the boot of the Impala shut, "I am nothing like you. Thanks for the car. Come on, Sam."
Castiel cocks his head. "Good morning, Sam." That catches Sam off-guard and he glances back at Dean before returning his full attention to the pancakes he's making.
Charlie stares at him, thinking and rethinking, looking over at the other robbers. Finally, she hugs Dean, whispers an apology, and walks out.
It's a silent consensus for Cas to stay the night, and Dean's unsure where Cas stands on sharing beds so he leaves Cas with the more comfortable bed in his room and plans to take the guest bed for the night. Dean presses a kiss to his forehead, mumbling a quiet good night, and Cas reaches a tired arm out to pull him into bed with him.
Half an hour later, the truck rolls up to the security gate of the Diamonds Factory where Cas and Crowley had taken over during shift change. Ash had disabled all the metal detectors earlier so the artillery rolls past them just fine. Crowley steals the security footage and gets to work destroying it so there's no video evidence that the truck had come, or Cas and Crowley taking control of the security gate.
Rufus nods. “Yep. Just me. Sometimes, an inmate will come help.” So Cas was right in assuming that, then.
Michael feels betrayed by his body, and he curls his hands into fists. “You’re fucked up, you know that?”
"If you want him, go get him," Eileen encourages. If Dean hadn't been so hateful of the idea of one step forward, two steps back, he might have thought it would be that easy too.
Sam answers, “Saw the kind of kid Dean and I could have been if you stuck around.” Normally, Dean would tell Sam to stop stirring the pot, but Dean is buzzing with a newfound irritation and he stays quiet.
" Though the voice filter is still there, it's undeniably not Kansas and most of the robbers were definitely American. The only known Brit on the team was Crowley and it's definitely not him.
Dean already knew all of that. They might be able to dodge the correctional officers but he knew Naomi would probably catch them as they're going. He knows every Dalí in the prison, including himself, is more than willing to kill her.
Jess would remain a sore spot for Sam for the rest of his life, and Dean felt awful about almost bringing up the way Sam got together with some girl with a degree in hotel management half a year after who looked an awful lot like Jess, down to the mole on her face and the pleasant smile. Sam broke up with her the moment she broke the illusion by asking him to meet her parents.
They're more than comrades, less than sweethearts, and Dean craves for more but is grateful for less. A heist is no place to fall in love with Los Angeles in the Bank of America... but falling in love with Castiel Novak in Palermo, Italy sounded like a plan. A damn good one; the best plan Dean will ever come up with, in this lifetime. But if recent events have taught him anything, it's that there's never a right time and there are no happy endings, not for people like them.
Sam had been signing while he talked so Eileen could follow with ease so she asks, "Dean, what are you going to do at the party tomorrow?"
," Sam says in disbelief. "Human trafficking, really? He didn't even do it! And what if the public finds out that it's not true?"
"Gabriel isn't a harsh guy," Michael assures Dean. Dean lifts his phone screen up to them to read the message and Michael tries again. "He's more bark than bite."
They pull away and Cas’s hair is messy at the bottom where Dean’s hands have run through it, and he is breathlessly beautiful under the office lamp’s thin light, and he is
"No, he can do whatever he wants," Castiel mutters, stabbing a forkful of the mac and cheese Missouri baked for some of the employees that day.
Abaddon grins, flexing her vaguely sore wrists as the handcuffs clatter on the linoleum floor. "Thanks, boys." They wish her good luck, giving her a gun, and start running where they intend to escape and Abaddon follows, though she doesn't intend to leave. The other guards will be fine being left there -- it'd be suspicious if all five of them disappeared by morning. If only one was gone, she had a better chance of not getting caught too early.
After a 5-minute wait that's too agonising for Castiel's comfort, he finally sees Dean walk in, laughing with Bela. Castiel's mouth is dry. Dean looks really good.
It takes ten minutes for Sam to free Adam and drive them to Adam's hideout. It's a shoddy and dark place, with a table loaded with computers, wires and a single telephone on it. Sam lets Adam call Dean and after a few seconds, Adam says, "Sam's here and he wants to talk to you." He presses a button to make the phone turn on speaker mode and clicks on one of the boxes on the screen to blow up the image -- two Dalís in the governor's office, one of them holding the telephone and the other holding a rifle. Though the footage is black and white, their hands are darkened.
He steps back enough for Dean to take over, shoving John to the ground to kick him. John rolls out of the way in time and grabs Dean’s foot, pulling him to the floor with him. He scores a hit to Dean’s cheek and then Michael picks up a metal tray and whacks the side of John’s head with the edges of it from behind.
Michael stares at him -- even though he isn’t biologically related to Cas, Dean can still see some form of resemblance between the adoptive brothers. They both have blue eyes, even if they’re different types. Cas’s are like bottled lightning, Michael’s are like harsh tides. They’re the same kind of steady. They stare at people the same way.
When Sam shuffles down the hall to the guest room, Dean runs a hand over his face and drags out a long breath. He’d narrowly avoided referencing Sam’s first girlfriend from high school, Jessica Moore, who he had bought a ring to propose to when they both turned 20 only to have her die from a bank hold-up the same day. Her death destroyed him and in true Winchester fashion, he never talked about it to anyone. There was one time he and Jo sat Sam down and refused to let him leave until he vented at least a little to them, and he cried and cried.
His pistol trembles with erratic grief before it's finally lowered and Castiel falls into Kansas's arms, weeping. "He didn't deserve to die."
"All of us dying is a possibility. I told you this one won't be easy," Dean says, a poor attempt to placate his boyfriend. When Cas still isn't convinced, Dean adds, "Okay, then contingency plan. If I die, Cas will be my first-in-command."
"It's not easy," Dean agrees. "Using the oxygen bubbles from the diving gear, Dallas's blacksmiths can light fire underwater and cut a hole through that door. It'll take anywhere between one to two hours. The governor can open it in five seconds with a code. A bomb can open it in one."
Dean nods, drawing in a deep breath. Clearly, his assurances were helping even just a bit. "Crowley and Meg are both being quiet."
"Yes, was. He entered the bank and never came back out," the woman responds. "I am Inspector Naomi Intel, his replacement."
"Sam came to me with a deal -- release ten minor hostages and we can keep him as the negotiator. He says he's being swapped," Dean explains. "Adam, you heard anything about that?"
Half an hour before the hospital closes to visitors for the day, Dean and Sam walk into Cas's room in Star Wars costumes. Michael, Gabriel and Chuck left a little earlier to give some privacy. Sam closes the door as Dean strides over to the side of his bed, a grin across his face. "Hey, angel."
Cas nods and lists slowly so Dean can keep up, “Please pick up 5 pairs of stilettos from Sergio Rossi by 5 at the latest. Tell Charlie that I want to see her before I leave for lunch and tell Alan Corbett to repair the print machines by tonight or he’s fired.” At Dean’s raised eyebrow, Cas explains, “You weren’t here, it’s been broken the whole week. The polka dot prints come out as leopards, paisley comes out as nailshead and numerous other problems. Kevin is getting restless. He insists that he cannot work until the machines are repaired.”
“Sorry, boys. I’ll be back in a few,” Dean apologizes, standing. “Go ahead, don’t wait for me.” He walks over to the side with Benny, giving him a hug once they’re alone. “Holy shit, man. It’s good to see you.”
He got a chance to formally meet Balthazar Freely and Meg Masters, both of which are designers. The two get along really well and Dean can see why; sarcastic and probably a little sadistic. He also met Gabriel, Castiel’s older brother; He’s very different from the creative director. He works as the head of the cosmetics department and he was often in charge of the makeup on NOVAK runways and photoshoots. Gabriel apparently learned how to do makeup in his childhood so he would have something in common with girls and befriend them, but he ended up growing a legitimate interest in it and followed his younger brother into the fashion industry. While Castiel is usually serious and grounded, Gabriel is light-hearted and playful. Apparently, he’d earned the nicknames of ’Trickster’ and ‘Loki’ around the office.
Michael sighs, obviously too tired to answer all of Gabriel’s questions in his state, but answers, “All my commissary.”
Dean frowns, "Wasn't the best in school, but I know a little bit of Klingon." Castiel tilts his head and narrows his eyes at him, and Dean explains, "It's in Star Trek."
"Isn't it a funny coincidence that you were present at both heists?" Naomi asks, holding what looks like a transcribed testimonial by Jody Mills that Adam was there at the first heist followed by another transcription of a call that says Kansas contacted someone named Adam. The second testimonial makes Adam's chest seize because it can only mean two things: 1) Someone was a snitch or 2) Someone else was in the Factory. Either option, Adam had no way of warning Dean. He'd left his radio with Jess and even if he didn't, they would have taken it off of him after his arrest.
Dean isn’t going to stay with Cas just because Sam is there but it’s also not like he doesn’t already spend as much time at Cas’s as he can. In fact, he’d had half a mind to hint at him wanting to move in or if Cas would move in with him — but let’s be real, why would Cas move into Dean’s small, cheap apartment when he had this gold standard one? Dean would be the one packing his things into the cardboard boxes.
"Be careful. Be quick. Out and in," Dean says instead, readying his rifle. He had no intention to open fire because he didn't think the cops would do it. Just out and in. The moment Adam says 'now', the doors open and they run out.
“Dean, I need to say something,” Anael says, looking back at him. “Naomi knows about me and Ruby. She wants me to give up everyone’s names.” Dean is about to protest when she holds up a finger, continuing. “I won’t. I never will, especially knowing how many of you will hunt down me and my girlfriend, so relax.” Dean loses some tension in his face but Gabriel still looks a little on edge at the information.
Cas snaps his fingers as if recalling something. “The Oscar de la Renta show, right. Well, tell her I need an answer by 3 because I need to get a replacement manager if she can’t do the show.” Cas doesn’t bother saying anything else or waiting for an answer, going into his office and calling who Dean assumes is Mark Cain from Armani.
“Wingman for me, please,” Charlie practically begs, pushing him forward slightly and finding an interest in a row of golden rings.
The newest addition to the Diamonds Factory is a magnetic lock on the diamonds' vault door -- when the door is being tampered with, it will trigger a magnetic field which then trips the alarm when the door is opened. The police will be called, they'll be found out, and then they're fucked.
Dean lamented the absence of Cas’s lips on his when they counted down on New Year’s Eve. At 12, he sent him a drunken text saying ‘happ new yrs cas i lve u so bad’ and had gotten a short ‘Get off your phone and sleep early. I’ll call tomorrow to check on you’ back.
They skid to a stop outside the room and Meg kicks the door. They both raise their rifles as the door swings open and Sam, Dorothy and Amelia look up in shock.
