"How long are you gonna be gone?" Tony asked as he helped Steve load up another duffel bag onto the jet. Ever since he learned Steve would be taking off with Nat for SHIELD, he'd been a bit clingy. It wasn't often the team separated for missions and Tony wasn't used to Steve being gone. It had been so long since the last solo mission that he'd honestly forgotten what it was like to
The thought of a boy as young as Parker out each night taking down criminals was not one Tony wanted to think about. He could imagine one of those crooks having a loaded weapon, one bullet, one wrong move.
And anyone who thought otherwise, well, it never ended well for them.
you're gonna miss out on waffles if you don't hurry."
Pete didn't so much as just drop from the ceiling, like Steve thought he would, but instead his kid decided to run across the ceiling and down the wall like a fucking Olympian sprinter! It didn't help that Peter was just as jittery as Tony was, if not more, and wouldn't stand still long enough for Bruce to grab him!
"SHIELD also maintains a highly advanced system for weaponry we deem valuable should an attack occur," Fury rebuked.
"I'll eat when I'm done, Cap. I'll be in the lab, please don't need me for at least the next few hours," Tony grinned, grabbing his coffee cup to take with him as he headed for the elevator.
worse.
grow tired of watching Loki's magic.
Tony glanced over to Steve to see the man shrug helplessly, knowing they couldn't stop Peter even if they wanted. The kid wanted to fight crime and protect the city, who were they to say no?
Before long, a plate full of hot, stacked pancakes was in front of Tony alongside a bottle of warm syrup, ready to be devoured. Tony squeaked with joy and immediately doused the plate in an excessive amount of syrupy goodness.
"Sorry you couldn't meet Black Widow, but Nat is off on a mission for SHIELD." Clint shrugged in a quick apology. "Maybe Tony can bring you over again."
Clint grinned while flipping his bow out, "Fuck shit up out there and don't die!"
"Nope! Jury's in, it has officially been changed to Invincible Spiderman."
The first time Tony brought Peter to the Avengers' home was on a whim. He knew Peter was practically obsessed with the idea of getting to meet his childhood heroes, specifically Captain America. So one day, Tony brought the kid home to meet the team and officially introduce their newest honorary member.
"He's 14, Cap," Tony stated, giving Peter an amused glower. "Now, any clue where the rest of our team is? I want them to meet Peter."
"That's t' whole point, babydoll."
"What secrets could he be keeping from us?" Tony mumbled, taking another sip of his coffee, contemplating.
long..."
Grabbing the shield, Steve walked with Tony down towards the outside landing pad where the jet was waiting for him. Natasha already beat them, running flight checks with the agents SHIELD had sent to accompany them. Of the 5 agents, Steve recognized 3 of them and knew they were good at following orders, hopefully this would all go over smoothly.
you are not, little one." Thor smiled, knowingly. "I am older than you could possibly imagine, I know a young warrior when I see one."
"It's icing, probably strawberry flavored."
"I worry about him, Tony."
"Yes Sir."
"Morning, Brucie-bear. Please tell me we have--"
and Steve
Next to receive a kiss was Natasha. She saved Tony the last breakfast pastry from Clint and Hulk, earning a soft brush of lips against her head. Clint still grumbles about it being the last strawberry filled pastry.
When Peter Parker, or Spiderman, joined the team that things changed for the better.
"Right back at 'ya, doll."
Doom looked on in outrage and turned his attention back to Loki. "Damn you, trickster! Why do you ally yourself to these lesser beings? They are beneath you!"
"Tony's right. If Doom managed to procure technology pertaining to teleportation then we need to focus on how to get that tech away from him, not waste time figuring out where he got it," Bruce broke in. "Plus, Victor is a genius with a mind like a computer."
A loud rattling at the lab door awoke Tony and Steve hours later, that along with JARVIS speaking up above their heads.
"This is Peter, my new intern over at S.I. He's shaping up to be one of the brightest minds on the planet." Tony boasted over Peter proudly like a papa peacock strutting his feathers.
"They won't," Steve swore. "Fury can't risk it. He knows what'll happen if he tries to get to Peter again."
"JARVIS, don't leave me!" Tony pleaded even as his screens went black, knowing what was to come. "This is gonna hurt..."
"I mean, I
"You inspire me, Hawkeye!"
Tony, Bruce and Steve were sitting in the living room after dinner, enjoying the peace and quiet. Tony was mindlessly working on a new upgrade blueprint for his repulsors while Steve worked on one of his crossword puzzles. Bruce was watching a documentary about penguins while munching on a bowl of popcorn, tossing kernels at Tony when the genius wasn't looking.
Steve could see that spark light up in Tony's eyes every time Peter did something amazing, whether it be on the field or in the lab. Pete had turned into a true child prodigy.
"Farewell, Spiderman..." Doom boasted, aiming a beam at Peter's head. From that range, Pete knew it could kill him. He braced his hands up to cover his face and prayed the blast wouldn't kill him. Before anyone could move, there was a bright flash of golden light and the super villain was sent careening backwards!
"Call me Clint, kid." Clint walked up to Peter and shook his hand with a grin. "What brings you to our humble abode?"
"How old do I look?" Peter smiled slyly, laughing as Tony smacked his arm.
"You're Bruce Banner, one of the most renowned scientists of our generation! Holy cheese and crackers, Mr. Banner, I am a
Steve shrugged, tossing his shirt in his hamper before digging through his closet for new clothes. His stealth suit was already laid out beside Tony, along with his weapons and shield.
"Ironman, we have another player in the air," Steve spoke into his comm, smirking as Spiderman soared over his head to join in. "Spiderman has officially joined the party."
"Pigeon!"
Bruce and Clint were there as well, watching the news as usual, enjoying some downtime.
"You call your son,
The flash of anger in Fury's eyes at the vague threat was gone as quickly as it arose, masked by years of practice. Instead of rebuking Thor or arguing with the thunder God, Fury merely held up his hands in mock surrender. "I'm only using Loki as an example for lack of a better one."
"Mr. Stark! Mr. Stark! You didn't tell me you had robots that make smoothies! JARVIS showed me the fiber laser for the suits and you didn't say you were
After an exhausting night of movies, popcorn and an absurd amount of cheese pizza, Steve, Tony and Peter had crashed on the living room couch together in a tangled heap of limbs. Before long, dawn was beginning to approach and Steve was awakened by a harsh kick to his ribs, via Peter's foot! The kid was a heavy sleeper, but boy did he pack a harsh jab when dreaming.
Peter sat down on his bed with a soft
"Spiders are arachnids!" Peter yelled, jumping out of the way of a blast. "How can you call yourself a doctor if you don't even know the difference between an ant and a spider!"
Tony deadpanned.
"This whole Spiderman jibber-jabber has me concerned. Why is SHIELD suddenly so interested in him? JARVIS is 98% sure that Spiderman is, in fact, male, by the way," Tony explained quietly, scanning his eyes over the tablet in his hands.
And boy wasn't that the truth...
"Well that was anticlimactic," Loki frowned.
"Is your helmet really made of gold?" Peter asked curiously, taking his seat beside the Norse Gods. He'd always been curious about Loki's horned helm, wondering how the God even managed to wear the thing.
No, Tony reserved his sweet kisses for those closest to him, at heart. Of course, it wasn't until the Avengers moved into the tower that this became known.
Or as he liked to call it;
In a flash, Tony was up and off the couch just as there was a bright flash of light, one that could only be associated with the Bifrost. Sure enough, as the light dimmed, Thor stood on the balcony with Mjolnir clutched in his hand. The thunderer waved to them as JARVIS opened the glass doors for him.
Steve groaned and threw his shield at Sandman, looking up at Tony who still had his repulsors aimed. "What's our first rule!"
It was pretty damn clear how Tony felt about him physically. So why wasn't Tony, quote;
The newspapers went crazy after witnesses claimed to see Spiderman teaming up with the Avengers!
"That depends on who I'm talking to. Is this, or isn't this, Spiderman?"
Fun little fact: According to Tony Stark, the Ironman armor is susceptible to the affects of an EMP pulse. The arc reactor, because of how it is designed, does not work or depend on electricity, thus the pulse of an EMP would not affect it or harm Tony.
Tony said pointedly, glaring at Steve half heartedly.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Hey, doll. Tell me you're staying out of trouble--" Steve jumped over another soldier, slamming his shield against the mans back. "--unlike--your Dad!"
Interesting choice for a color scheme though, Tony would give the man that.
"Careful how you speak in regards to my brother, Fury. My forbearance for your contempt will not last forever," Thor growled lowly, lightning dancing along his fingertips with concealed restraint. Having to listen to others condemn the God of Mischief relentlessly and refrain from reprehending them was truly a marvel of the thunderers self-control.
"Point."
Sorry this took so long, life is crazy right now. I've had a lot of projects happening at home and with my family that has taken up quite a bit of time, so yeah...not too much free time to write. But alas, we have reached our horizon. Check out the end notes for more.
"That kid is growing up too fast," Tony sighed. "Dating."
After the
"Think of what time period you're from. Back in the 30's and 40's? Would you have been comfortable being kissed by another man? Even something as small as a peck on the cheek? Homophobia was so rampant that even a small non-sexual gestures were still wrong. I didn't think you would approve of anything like that...not at first."
Which just made things worse when Tony found out about the mission later.
"Yeah, about that..."
Steve stopped Pete by calmly reaching out to grab his shoulders, turning his sons attention back to him.
Tony lept at Fury in rage, causing the agents around him to scramble into action to hold him back. The genius had the agents struggling to control him, one of them even reaching for their taser as a last resort.
"Talk sense into him!" Peter demanded, turning to look at Tony pleadingly.
"Round up the soldiers and catalouge everything SHIELD wants. I want this mission finished so I can go home already."
"Steve Rogers, it's nice to meet you, Peter."
"I don't need to calm down, I need to go commit a murder!"
"No you will not," Steve rumbled fiercely, moving himself slightly in front of Tony to block him from Fury. Thor moved as well, calling Mjolnir to his hand in a silent warning. Even Bruce began to turn green at the accusation.
"Strawberry is Tony's favorite and you two have had plenty," Nat said firmly, setting the box beside her.
"What's the plan?" Tony asked, firing another repulsor beam at Sandman to piss him off.
Tony's eyes suddenly went wide, his wrench smashing to the ground.
"Got everything for school?" Steve asked, refilling his own mug.
cream, sweetie," Tony smirked, handing them all napkins.
"We've got evac on its way for civilians, but they need a path cleared. You boys wanna wrap it up quick then you need to handle Doom, fast." Natasha sent out her instructions over the comms.
Unfortunately, as it turned out, luck was not on Steve's side. What was originally supposed to be a 2 week mission, soon turned into 3...
That was obviously not the answer Steve was expecting if the look on his face was anything to go by. Tony sighed heavily, knowing his reasons would probably make him look like a coward and a little pathetic.
Doom roared in anger, reaching into his armor to pull out a small device. Before Tony or any one else could react fast enough, Doom tossed the device right at the Ironman armor, creating a shock that traveled through the metal.
Reigning in the burst of annoyance, and the sudden urge to break the agents face against his shield, Steve took a steadying breath before turning his full attention to the halfwit agent.
"No thank you, I'll stick with my tea." Bruce held up his own mug, smirking at the
Steve smiled in amusement at Tony's exaggerated theories. Glancing down at Tony's moving mouth, he briefly thought about shutting his genius up with his own lips...but fate had other plans.
"Where'er you headed, Shellhead?" Steve asked, watching Tony fumble to get his coat on.
"Thrashing children now, Victor? My, how the mighty have fallen."
"...are you asking me or telling me?"
"Quick question, though. How old are you exactly?" Tony asked with a smirk.
"Language!"
It seemed that
Stepping even closer, Steve wrapped his arms around Tony's hips to bring them flush together, enjoying the blush spreading across the genius' cheeks.
"Alrighty, then!" Tony clapped his hand together. "Who's up for shawarma?"
Tony stepped closer and grabbed Steve's hand with his own, pulling the super soldier away from the door. Their lunch could wait until whatever this issue was was resolved, even if Tony had no idea what was wrong.
"Captain, we only restrained Mr. Stark when he attempted to attack Director Fury." An agent holding Tony tried to appease the super soldier, but Steve cut him off with a heated glare.
Next to receive one of Tony's kisses was Thor.
if I recall correctly," Tony said blandly, daring Fury to argue with him.
Tony stopped his assault and hovered, turning back to Doom with a head tilt. His sarcasm levels skyrocketed!
Pete stopped and blushed, looking anywhere other than at his parents. He rubbed the back of his neck shyly and shrugged, "I--umm--I have a--
A smooth, snickering voice echoing around them along with a malevolent laugh.
"Peachy! Just some stuff for S.I, that's all."
"Tony? Are you okay, can you hear me?"
"The chocolate cake ones are my favorite, they're really thick." Peter held up one for Loki to try as well, offering to share.
Steve thought, flinching inwardly at his foolishness. That was a really stupid thing to say, he'll admit, handing Tony a paper towel to wipe his face with. He clenched his hands at his sides and had to refrain from hitting himself, feeling utterly foolish for slipping up. Of course he knew Tony wasn't going to leave him! Why the fuck had he said that?
Tony dragged Steve and Peter over to the elevator, whisking them up to the common floor.
"Out of my way, maggots!" Sandman howled, sending a wave of sand out to bowl the police cars out of his path. Police officers dove for cover, covered in sand as they scrambled for safety. Cars went flying in every direction and Tony looked on in alarm, dread filling him as he watched one cruiser fly through the air...straight through the front window of Crispey Creamy...
If you had told Peter his night would end with Ironman cooking lasagna in his kitchen, wearing an apron, while humming show tunes...Pete probably would have laughed until he fainted.
"Talk to me," Tony pleaded quietly.
"Sorry about earlier, Mr. Loki. I've wanted to meet you for a really long time because I think your magic is awesome and amazing, can we start over?" Peter held his hand out shyly. "Hi, I'm Peter Parker."
"Walking pickle!"
It was quite the spectacle at SHIELD that day.
(See the end of the chapter for
Clint and Nat soon joined them as well. They introduced themselves to Spiderman and thanked him for his help, offering their companionship to the young hero. It was pretty obvious that Spiderman was still amazed that he had fought beside the Avengers, voicing his admiration towards his heroes.
"Hang on, son." Steve whipped his shield out to take down an incoming fleet of soldiers, knocking them all on their asses before they even reached the door. Punching out the asshole who had been clinging to his back, Steve finally caught a brief break.
"I have 3 doctorates and you don't see me goin' around demanding to be called Dr. Stark!"
"Easy, Tones. That's the espresso roast we got!"
"When was the last time you ate?"
What were they doing, spying on him?
Thor was Asgardian, though he had claimed the Earth to be under his protection. Any human dumb enough to tell the God of thunder what to do would be turned into toast.
"Can someone please explain to me why JARVIS just told me that Spiderman was having lunch with us?" Bruce stepped into the kitchen with his tablet in hand, confused at the whole gathering of heroes.
The first time he got to formally meet his childhood hero and he sounded like an idiot, great job Peter.
"Explain," Doom demanded.
"I didn't ever want to risk loosing you, Cap. Even if it meant grasping for scraps of love when I could get them," Tony whispered sadly, trying to shrug it off. "I didn't want to push you away."
Steve feels his stupid jealousy rising again. It shouldn't bother him. He has no reason to feel petty jealousy. Tony can kiss whoever he wants, it's not like Steve owns him or anything. Steve just wanted to know why
Tony snarked, wincing. "I think my arm might be fractured."
"No, I'm not," Pete tried to argue, but Tony cut him off with a hand.
"It's all paper, Tones. Nothing digital, I already asked," Steve explained, kicking another brute in the back while blocking bullet fire from his side.
"You okay?" Bruce asked quietly, tapping Steve on the arm to get his attention.
"At first?" Steve questioned, trying to catch Tony's eyes.
As Peter and Steve neared the lab doors, they could hear the sound of music coming from inside and a very familiar voice singing aloud. JARVIS opened the doors for them silently, letting them in to see Tony standing at his computer screens working.
Review and kudos, as always!
long weeks, Steve and Natasha finally returned to the tower after fulfilling their mission for SHIELD.
"It's
"That's what they would call a radio address from the President."
"Come here, Tones." Steve didn't bother looking away from Fury as he addressed Tony, waiting for his best friend to come stand behind him.
During a press conference yesterday afternoon, Tony had represented the Avengers as always with Doctor Strange and Doctor Reed. It was to cover not only a battle that had happened earlier in the week but also to state S.I's new plans for reconstruction on developments that had been damaged by heroes, villains and SHIELD. Doctor Strange had proclaimed his alliance with the Avengers, once again giving Tony a small flirtatious smile and a wink on camera.
Sandman.
"Pete, come down here, honey!"
"Gender neutral name for your partner?" Steve asked, taking a drink of his coffee. That one answer had him stumped.
Let me know guys!
"Doesn't mean I want you to leave," Tony sulked while crossing his arms. He knew he looked childish but he couldn't help it. It hated being left alone like this. It was bad enough that Fury refused to give them intel on the mission specs, but he blatantly refused to allow Tony to accompany Steve and Natasha.
Peter ended up spending more and more time at the Avengers home and Stark Industries, basically living with the team part time with his own room. It didn't take long before he became one of the family, and Peter soon views the team as his family as well, especially Tony and Steve. He even started calling Tony
"Put your hands in the air if you're wired and tired!" Pete yelled, sprinting past Bruce once again to run back up the wall!
"I know, but I promise it won't be any longer than that. No one can take down your old man, remember? Not even wanna-be Nazi supremacists." Steve smirked, hearing the small laugh from Peter over the phone. "Listen, I gotta go. Your aunt Nat is giving me the face."
Steve turned to look out the window at Tony once more, catching the genius blowing him a kiss in goodbye.
"Go get 'em tiger."
have the super soldier around 24/7.
"Share!"
"Thank you, beloved..." Tony mumbled, grabbing his tablet from the table to work while Steve cooked.
Tony had been down in the lab all night working on an upgrade for Peter's Spiderman suit. He claimed it was a time sensitive procedure. Normally, Peter would work on his suit by himself but Tony would often modify the suit to be better. His most recent advancement to the super suit had been the built-in heater.
"Don't move."
Steve really should be able to control himself better than that, clenching his fists to calm his nerves as they began to burst inside his head.
Tony had taken over the kitchen after shooing May out, claiming he was in charge of dinner and to go do whatever she wanted.
Tony took note of Spiderman's actions, observing the way the young hero held himself and spoke. Spiderman seemed mindful of his speech, never once using any term or sign to give away his possible age.
"Thanks for the Joe, Brucie-bear." Tony slid up beside Bruce and softly pecked the mans cheek, shuffling off towards the elevator as Bruce fought back a blush.
"Tony--"
Joining his two dorks on the couch, Steve removed his uniform top so he was just wearing his black undershirt for comfort. He hadn't watched Game of Thrones that much but he figured he could annoy Tony and Peter into filling him in on the premise. As he leaned back against couch, he vowed that he protect this part of his life with everything he had.
"That's not where your spleen is," Nat smirked. She'd been training with Peter on a weekly basis to strengthen his acrobatic skills, focusing on his quick reflexes and smooth movements. Pete was very good, but when it came to taking down a trained spy in hand to hand combat...not so much.
JARVIS let him into the lab without question. Music was quietly coming from the speakers, some mix of rock that Tony often listened to while he worked. His dark haired genius was currently sitting at his desk on a video call. Tony glanced over to him and waved him in, holding up a finger for him to wait.
"You mean the dark colored sludge you choose to serve as a passable beverage?"
All that said, the most notable aspect of Tony's affection would have to be his kisses.
"I apologize, I returned with all the haste I could muster."
Steve burrowed further into the couch grumbling, "Before sunrise, he's
"If you guys are ever in Queens, streetcart-dogs are on me!" Spiderman yelled, disappearing around the buildings just as quickly as he had arrived.
...you should be watching Disney, worried about school and grades, acne, if you're gonna get a date for prom," Tony urged, desperately. "Not low-life, petty criminals and whether or not you'll make it home every night..."
"Petey baby, you okay?" Tony asked swaying on his feet, the only thing keeping him from falling over was Steve's hands holding him up.
"You heard 'em. Be ready!" Steve ordered the fire fighters and the police officers assisting as well. They all gathered together, ready for action, holding 4 different hoses from the trucks ready to open fire at the super villain.
With the thinly veiled threat made clear, the agents slowly backed off after releasing their hold on Tony. The billionaire shook his limbs out while glaring at them.
"Pigeon!"
"Don't worry, Cap. He knows he can't," Tony smirked. "Thanks for the back-up though."
Hello everyone, as I said before we are finally getting some mischief time!
"You designed it?"
"It's nothing, forget I asked anything," Steve started while backing up towards the door, wishing he'd just kept his mouth shut, "Let's go eat, I'll take you to the diner over on 23rd?" Steve went to reach for the door but Tony stopped him.
It was right after school let out that Peter packed up his bag so he could go meet Ned at the park,  hurrying down the steps with his bag shouldered. He wanted to get to the park before Ned did. It was nice enough outside and he wanted to snap some pictures. Since he wasn't going on patrol that night and he had his morning training session with Nat, he was free to do whatever he wanted.
"JARVIS? I want you to download everything you can find relevant to Spiderman from now on. Everything."
"I wish Peter were here, he'd have had this figured out by now," Bruce grumbled, scrutinizing their calculations once more.
Steve, Clint and Bruce were all gathered in the kitchen to watch. The super soldier was busy making home-made brownies, trying to push down his growing discomfort every time he looked at the TV screen.
Everyone, it seemed,
"I'll make you dinner later," Steve whispered, latching onto Tony's neck to mark every inch of skin.
"Be nice, Clint. We have company," Steve advised seriously, moving aside for the others to see Peter behind him.
spiders webbing?
echoing back to them. The kid was anything but reckless but it still made Steve flinch every time he watched Peter swing around the city from his webs.
The team succeeded in keeping the bots contained to just a couple blocks. With the police taking up street block-aids and firing at bots making it past the team, all the remaining civilians watching the battle were at least safe behind the lines. They still needed to rescue the people who were attacked in the crossfire though.
His days used to revolve around back breaking work outs, strict regimens that had been instilled in him during his time in the army, working with his teammates to preform at their best.
Fury glared at Tony with unfettered anger. "If you're withholding vital information, Stark, then I will personally put you under arrest for concealing fundamental intelligence from SHIELD."
So why did it?
Tony seemed to get what he was up to and smirked, "Are you gonna draw me like one of your French girls, Mr. Rogers?"
The doors behind them suddenly burst open and everyone went dead silent as Captain America walked in, a stormy look on his face as he glared at Fury. When he saw the agents manhandling Tony away from their director, he had to fight down the urge to attack them head on.
"I don't care if you ever turn evil and take over the world, I'll even help you after today because you saved my kid!"
as possible.
"Teacher! I know! SHIELD opened an interdimensional doorway that acted like a fucking homing beacon for a genocidal mad man. Turned the Earth into a giant battlefield. Raged a war against a titan that nearly destroyed us. All because SHIELD wanted to create weapons similar to those found on different planets, used by races far more advanced than we are, who actually know and understand how they work!" Tony exclaimed angrily, jabbing his finger at Fury. "And while we're on the subject, who was it that closed the portal that
Alright my loves, that's all there is.
"Would you be willing to trade all the days from this day to that for one chance, just one chance to come back here and tell our enemies that they may take our lives, but they'll never take...
"Always the stouthearted knight, Captain Rogers."
"Nothing bad!"
"Right away, Captain Rogers."
"Yum!" Hulk inhaled the sweet treat, smiling at the flavor.
or that I ever agreed with it. Next time you make assumptions about someone, keep it to yourself." Steve glared at the agent, watching the man shuffle back a few feet under his harsh gaze.
"Did you really just use the chemical name for caffeine?"
Thor smiled softly and leaned down to Peter's level, touching his own forehead to the teens. Peter laughed in delight and instantly decided that was how he would be greeting the Asgardian brothers from now on.
"How will we ever survive without you," Steve deadpanned dryly.
"Unknown," the A.I replied.
That said...there were times when he unexpectedly joined the team during fights that were getting a little hectic.
For one, seeing Tony Stark storm into the building was actually fairly normal.
"Seriously?"
"I do to, but you gotta let him do this on his own. It's what he wants, Cap. Let him learn," Tony reassured gently, even though he was just as nervous every time Peter went out alone. He put on a brave face and smiled at Steve.
Tony threw in.
The only reason Steve even knew his best friend
"Have you looked in the mirror lately, Rogers? What's not to love?"
"What do you want?" he asked quietly, trying to calm down. If he really needed to get away he knew that he could. He seriously doubted they would try and detain him for fear of pissing of Captain America and Ironman.
"With pizza?"
The genius billionaire hated simple small talk with a fierce passion, often making rude or offhanded comments to people just to watch them squirm. Tony craved deep conversations, philosophical discussions at 2am over cold pizza, things normal folks just didn't do.
Fumbling for his own phone, Bruce quickly dialed Natasha and tried to calm down his breathing.
For the longest time, Steve kept his emotions in check and tried to ignore the envious feelings rising within him every time he had to watch someone receive Tony's affections. It was just something he got used to after awhile. It was easier to ignore the ache in his chest rather than confront Tony about it and risk destroying their friendship, something Steve knew he wouldn't be able to live without.
"Hey, thought you'd be back earlier?" Steve smirked as Tony glared at him half heartedly.
"You got any of that for me?" Steve asked with a small grin, reaching over Tony's head to grab a coffee cup for himself.
Aunt May slid up beside them and smirked at Peter's stammering. "Honey, Mr. Stark already knows who you are."
Steve had basically given up working missions for SHIELD because he didn't want to be away from his family for so long. The Avengers would always be a team, even with new blood on the rise, but Captain America was no longer an asset to SHIELD.
He never thought he'd be the type for the simple domestic life, but those moments were the ones he cherished most anymore.
A very frazzled looking Bruce.
Doom aimed a sonic blast right at Peter as he soared through the air, catching the flying hero straight in the chest hard enough to send him spiraling directly into a brick building.
was gifted with Tony kisses.
"Nah, it was my longing that brought you back," Tony smirked and planted another quick peck against Thor's lips.
Now, his days start with a quick work out just to loosen his muscles, followed by making coffee for Tony and then breakfast for them and their son. He still kept up on his training regimen with the team to keep them functioning like a well oiled machine, continuing on as the leader of the Avengers with Tony. Captain America would always be an Avenger, an idol of a perfect soldier and a good man, but it was time to start being just Steve Rogers again.
"I haven't much taste for chocolate, that was always a favorite of Loki's. What is this pink substance on top?" Thor asked, gesturing to one of the iced doughnuts with sprinkles.
"Maybe it was a family thing?"
"A spider bite? Did
"I mean, really, he couldn't have come up with something more original?" Clint complained, firing another exploding arrow at the maniac terrorizing Brooklyn.
much," Tony rolled his eyes and opened the box, tearing the last strawberry filled pastry in half to share with Clint.
"Hysterical," Steve deadpanned. "Watch your penguins."
Tony's eyes went wide and he suddenly understood what had Steve upset. Honestly, he felt like an idiot for not realizing sooner, but in his own defense he did have a good a reason.
"I've always loved science over anything else. Specifically engineering, it's what I want to go into once I graduate," Peter shrugged shyly.
"Use a coffee cup!" Steve scolded.
Peter thought in amazement, watching the breath taking God smirk at Doom's anger with thinly veiled contempt.
(See the end of the chapter for
He should have been home almost 20 minutes ago but he'd lost track of time whilst playing with a cute little cat in one of the back alleyways.
With Spiderman joining in, the team had Sandman on the ropes, but it wasn't enough. The super villain evaded every attack they threw at him. Thor's lightning would only stun him momentarily. Clint's arrows would pass right through the sand or become surrounded by it, rendering them useless. Bullets only passed through the sand that Sandman used as a distraction. Tony's beams only managed to do so much damage, mostly just succeeding in burning the sand. Cap's shield would cut through the sand barriers but he could never actual hit Sandman dead on. Spiderman attempted to web the villain but proved to be ineffective.
of metal. "Nice work, kid."
"Are you sure you will not stay?" Thor asked softly, watching Loki tuck his helmet beneath his arm, his green cape adorning his shoulders once more.
Peter ends up spending more and more time at the Avengers' home as well as Stark Industries, basically living with the team. Peter's aunt had been so excited to learn about Tony taking Peter under his wing, knowing there was no better place for Pete than with the Avengers.
"Good, isn't it?" Thor teased him, reaching for another doughnut for himself.
"The results of your earlier inquiry are finished. I believe your presence is needed immediately."
At the moment, a very pissed off Tony Stark who was sick of waiting around in a musty meeting room!
And what was on the front page of every fucking tabloid that morning?
Tony typed something on the screen, watching another graph pop up, jotting down a side note all while humming to his music and singing along.
Tony eyed him suspiciously, blinking slowly.
"Steve?"
Before the super soldier could question Tony further, the sound of pounding feet and an echoing voice headed their way. Steve was stumped by skidding feet slamming into the open doorway and a young teenager going 90 miles a minute.
"Right...food riots...yes, those were real. Food was too expensive to buy at the grocers and millions of pounds of perfectly good food was left to rot on farms because there was no market for it. Oddly enough--" Steve grabbed his shield from the ground and slammed it down on another soldier. "Not many newspapers found it important enough to even make the papers."
"And it's a sign of emotional friendship?"
"Estimated time-frame, J?"
Finally, Fury answered his question.
"To what measure would you define them to be beneath me?" Loki taunted back, always enjoying his verbal quarrels with the Latverian ruler. "I find your logic to be flawed."
"Let's hope so!"
to take a break for a little bit," Steve pleaded. "How about you come upstairs and watch a movie with me? I'll make you something to eat and then you can come back down...okay?"
"What about organic chemistry?"
"We should get back and inform SHIELD that Sandman is taken care of and in need of containment," Nat spoke up, checking her phone. "SHIELD already has a clean-up crew heading our way."
Steve smirked.
Every reporter had jumped at the chance to get dirt on Tony, even throwing questions at Strange too. Tony had waved off the questions with mild exasperation, telling the crews that the conference was over and that any questions regarding S.I and it's plans would be answered by Pepper Potts. After that, Tony lead the way off the stage with Strange and Reed following close behind.
Called it
"This is why you're my favorite," Clint stated and shoved the sweetness in his mouth, tapping his cheek. The genius rolled his eyes again but leaned over to kiss Clint's cheek, winking at the archer before taking his leave.
"You never kiss me," he sighed warily, meeting Tony's gaze head on. Before Tony could even reply he continued on. "You kiss everyone else, everyone except me. I guess-I just...can I just know why? Just tell me why?" he asked quietly.
Tony couldn't help but smile, reaching up to lay his hand on Peter's shoulder to give the kid a warm squeeze. His whole life he'd always been forced to believe he wasn't worth anything good, that he would always be in the shadow of his old man, yet this brave kid claims he wants to be exactly like Tony?
The first stop was, of course, Tony's lab. He figured he could let the kid geek out for awhile before turning him loose on the others.
Tony figured he should swoop in and save the kid before he made a complete fool of himself, even if Tony did think it was adorable.
"I will admit it is quite good. Do they have other flavors?"
"That's fair...but, Tony, I came to terms with my own sexuality a long time ago and was never bothered by same sex couples like most everyone else from that time."
Again...the tabloids lost their minds.
Which was hard to do when Nick Fury and SHIELD were constantly trying to recruit Spiderman!
"I'll be home soon," Steve whispered, pressing his lips against Tony's hair. "I promise."
Tony snarked cheekily.
"Priority One, scrap the file and keep it under lock. If Stark found out about this," Fury trailed off, rubbing his eyes.
Again, annoying.
"You were gone
Tony and Pete yelled together, ending the call so Steve wouldn't have to.
"The Avengers," Doom announced loudly. "How kind of you to make an appearance."
"Don't start with me," Steve snarked back, kicking another soldier's hold off his leg.
"Come on, Tones."
Doom glared at the God of mischief with intense disdain. Knowing he would not win this battle, the dictator powered up his wrist device and disappeared without a trace.
"And I thought the world couldn't get any crazier after I woke up..." Steve groaned, shaking his head. "How old are you, Peter?"
“Of course, little spider. But don’t worry. Captain Dad would never hurt our Iron Mom.”
“Yes, Mr. Stark, this is the truth, I’m sorry.”
Tony was listening. But the crap Luca was saying didn’t make sense. Not even a little bit.
“Why are you here?” The better question would be why he was here, but let’s keep it focused on Luca for now.
Tony sat back, smiling at him, with bright eyes. It took Steve’s breath away. Tony had never been more beautiful than in that moment.
“Oh, yes, I’m Luca, sorry.”
Landing, he looked at his team. His family.
And there was a 200 pounds slug-thing trying to eat his beautiful armour.
Relaxing her shoulders, Luca leaned back in her chair, looking thoughtfully at him.
“Not important, but Steve, why did you think he would see that?”
“It’s wrong that they don’t treat me like shit?”
“Of course, I want to marry you.”
“I asked first.”
Because he loved to cuddle. He didn’t say it, but here, behind closed doors, Tony morphed into a snuggle monster. Keeping contact nonstop, laying on top of Steve or making Steve lie on him.
“Are you sure?”
too liberally in Tony’s understanding), aliens and whatever else walked the earth, such a boner for destroying New York City? They fucking knew the Avengers were protecting New York. Fuck, they knew that they lived there!
After eating the bare minimum and downing three coffees, Tony kissed Steve on the lips and ran out, thinking he was already too late for a meeting Steve knew started in twenty minutes - Pepper had told Tony the meeting would start thirty minutes earlier to make sure he actually was on point. Her plan had worked.
“I see your heart, Merchant of Death.”
Her eyes sharpened, her glance getting hard and threatening.
But this time he froze. He looked down onto the necklace. Touching the ring carefully with his index finger. Moving it around on the palm of his hand. Probably reading the engraving inside:
So much for hotdogs in the park...
"Oh dear God."
Loki tilted his head in amusement at Peter, raising an elegant eyebrow down at him.
Ross...because apparently the military was interested in Spiderman as well...the Avengers made it abundantly clear that Spiderman was off-limits.
"It's good to be home..." he sighed quietly, running his fingers through Tony's dark locks. He wasn't sure he could do these type of missions anymore, not when he had a family waiting for him at home. The team was still his family, that would never change, but he had Peter to think about too. It was bad enough that Pete was a super hero in his own right, but at least he wasn't interest in becoming a hero full-time like his parents. Even then, at least Steve was a super human, where as Tony was not. All his genius had was a suit of armor...and even the Ironman armor was not indestructible. Steve constantly worried about his Shellhead and their son.
Tony jumped up into Steve's arms and kissed him all over his face, both of them dissolving into laughter. Steve kept his hands firmly tucked under Tony's thighs and walked them both over to the couch, falling together in a tangle of limbs, hands desperately searching for more skin.
"Out for an errand, be back later, don't wait up!"
"That sounds suspiciously like a trick."
"If you wish," Loki grinned. "By your own claims, you believe that the Avengers are unbefitting allies due to their qualities. Though I fail to understand how the God of Thunder and a genetically enhanced super soldier, as well as a genius scientist with
Marvel Facts! According to Marvel's database on Captain America, Steve's enhanced memory from the Super Soldier Serum has enabled him to learn multiple languages, including German, Russian, Spanish, French, Japanese and Italian.
"B-b-but! But! He's so tiny!" Clint sputtered!
"Great, then who's ready for some lunch?" Tony asked with a smirk. "What do you say, Spiderman? Wanna join us for some nommers?"
Aka, the friendly neighborhood Spiderman.
"Tony's just affectionate. Trust me, he'll get you one of these days too."
Thinking quickly, Steve tried to come up with a solution. He wasn't set to leave until morning, so why not spend the rest of the day with his family before
"These are old files--" Steve ducked another attack, punching his opponent out. "--almost four! Decades! Worth!"
"Telling you?"
He'd only made it a block before his phone started ringing in his pocket. Pulling it out, he saw that it was a private number calling him. Shrugging, he slid the green bar and answered.
Peter gathered his phone and his hoodie, rushing out the door to catch up with Steve down the hallway.
"No clue, he flew outta' here too fast for us to ask," Bruce shrugged. "Probably a nice girl, though."
Steve fought back the blush threatening to rise in his cheeks. He was used to Tony's name-calling, but that was long before he'd come to realize his feelings of desire for the dark haired billionaire. He smiled softly at the genius and walked over to the fridge to grab the ingredients he needed.
"I have a basis understanding of chemistry and the structure of organic compounds."
Peter continued to knock at the door, his confused voice coming through from the otherside as his parents fought back smiles.
"Pointbreak!" Tony cried, running up the steps and flinging himself right at Thor! It was only with quick reflexes that Thor was able to catch the genius, setting Mjolnir down on the floor beside him.
"Get off the floor and come sit, I'll make you something." Steve shook his head in amusement, watching Tony pounce up from the tile floor to head over to the table.
"Tony, do you have any idea how annoying and frustrating it is to have reporters asking me about your love life? No matter what I say they only take what they want from it. You're trending on Twitter for God's sake..."
"Keep those hoses on him, men. Widow, I need your black widow bites to detain Sandman," Steve instructed, watching Nat slowly lower the jet to the street.
"You've been binge watching Sherlock Holmes again, haven't you."
"Young Peter, would you care for a sandwich?" Thor asked politely, waving his hand at the assortment of food on the kitchen island.
"It's a carbon fiber that reacts on contact with air and forms into a tough, flexible fiber with adhesive properties."
was never offered one.
Steve rolled his eyes and stood up, already reaching for his wallet. "Do you have enough money for food, son?"
"You mean the device Doom used to preform a complete quantum entanglement from one physical space to another unknown location?"
"You know, this would totally be a fair fight if I were allowed to use my actual powers," Peter grumbled with a small smile.
"What is it?"
"You steal all my fun,
Honestly, the only thing Steve could fathom was that Tony simply wasn't interested, or attracted, to him in
"The only reason Thor would take off so fast is if something was wrong with Loki and last time I checked, the God of Mischief wasn't stepping foot on Asgard for any reason. If Loki was in trouble then he would have just come here."
"Don't encourage him, Point break."
If he'd wanted to break Clint, he would have.
"We have rules!"
Having had enough of the growing tension within the room, Steve slowly stood up after pocketing his drawing. Reaching out to grab Tony's hand in his own, he turned his mild glare over to Fury as he made to head towards the door.
That was a new one...
After an amazing dinner of homemade lasagna and garlic bread, Peter brought Tony up to show him his Spiderman costume. For being a handmade outfit it honestly wasn't half bad in Tony's eyes. The spandex material was useful, though it wasn't the best for safety. A line of fabric isn't going to stop a knife of be much use against a bullet. The web shooters were impressive though.
"That's
Loki smelled the doughnut before taking a small bite, surprised by the softness and sudden rush of sugary sweetness on his tongue. It was very sweet, but in a good way. He'd always had a love for chocolate and other sweets, but he'd never tried anything like these so-called doughnuts.
"What's the rush, baby?" Tony asked, raising an eyebrow at Pete's frantic movements.
"How Doctor Strange is the living embodiment of Tony's celebrity crush," Bruce deadpanned.
"Pete, are you alright!"
"I'll tell you what," Steve smiled. "I'm not leaving until morning, so why don't we have a movie night? Just the three of us?"
"I will be in just a moment," Tony grinned. He took a quick sip from his cup but suddenly sputtered, causing Steve and Bruce to look up at him in concern.
"We could use the help, Spiderman. Can you handle air assail with Ironman?"
Steve and Natasha took point on the explanations for the battle itself, explaining how Doom used some kind of new technology they were not familiar with and that it gave him an advantage. Clint left himself out of the conversation considering he was out for the count fairly early in the fight. Bruce didn't remember, obviously. Thor could offer little in means of explaining Doom's latest technology, and he mostly fought off Doom's robots during the scuffle.
punching bags for him, but even then they were being pushed to the limit.
"Watch us," Steve growled lowly, leading Tony out the door.
From across the table, Steve watched the whole ordeal silently, an antsy feeling washing over him after seeing Tony kiss Rhodes. Was that a thing? He knew Tony and Rhodey were close, but he'd always been under the impression that they were brothers?
"INCOMING!" Tony yelled, flying straight at the trucks with Thor behind him.
It had been a long night for the team.
Tony was seated at the breakfast bar with his laptop, quietly reading over the news article surrounding the fight against Sandman, glasses perched on the end of his nose.
The young hero was small, much smaller than Steve, and his child-like enthusiasm made Steve's heart flutter for a moment. He was used to young fans admiring him but this was not just a fan, this was another hero, a young hero from the looks of it.
"Do we need Hulk?" Bruce asked over the comms, the hesitation in his voice clear. It was a dangerous move to allow the Hulk loose in such chaotic conditions.
"You're thinking too hard, Tones," Steve murmured softly, sensing the unease filling the dark haired genius.
Unfortunately, someone had already beat him to the punch.
The kid was also flatly changing the timbre of his voice.
"I still train alone, Shellhead. I know how to fly solo and watch my back just like you do."
It was true. Victor Von Doom may be many things but no one could debate that the man was a genius of the highest caliber. With a background in physics, it was not too far fetched to believe Doom figured out teleportation.
"Since you ruined my plans for lunch, today you have an enemy."
That said, the one thing he desperately wanted to change was his relationship with his genius. It was no secret that Captain America and Ironman were an item, it was all over the front page tabloids for months. Tony had always laughed it off, claiming Captain America was quite the catch. Nothing was ever actually said, but it was obvious they were together...they had a child for God's sake...
"Our little spiderling is getting better and better every day," Natasha smiled as she helped Peter up off the mat. "We've come a long way this week."
"Oh no, none of that nonsense," Tony chided as he lept up from his chair to grab Steve's hand. He grabbed Steve's hand with his own, pulling the super soldier away from the door. Their lunch could wait until whatever this issue was was resolved. Something had clearly happened to make Steve so edgy and Tony wanted to know what it was.
Tony nodded sleepily, leaning into the warm touch, mumbling about how much he missed having the super soldier around. It seemed to do the trick because soon Tony agreed to go back upstairs willingly. Setting the billionaire down on one of the stools, Steve made sure he would stay with the help of Dum-E and U.
"Mr. Parker," a deep male voice came over the phone. "You're a hard man to get ahold of."
"You know I'd rather have you with me," Steve acknowledged. He grabbed the coffee pot and filled both his own mug and Tony's, reaching for the sugar container.
watch your language!"
"I think you broke my spleen..." Peter moaned, wincing as he tried to stand up. "Yep. Definitely got a damaged spleen."
"He's literally the same size as baby Cap before the serum! Just less sickly and not as angry with the world!" Clint continued, waving his hands around!
It was like getting called into the principals office!
"Stevie-baby, you're home!" Tony cried, buried amoungst metal parts, a pair of safety glasses half perched on his head. "I missed you so much! JARVIS, I thought you said you would tell me when Steve came home!"
Hitting the button for the common floor, Steve pulled Tony away from the wall to lean against him. He learned early on that Tony needed physical contact when he was feeling anxious.
"Your Superior officer just gave you an order," Steve growled at them. "I suggest you follow it."
He knew Peter was practically obsessed with the idea of getting to meet his childhood heroes, specifically Captain America.
Steve was about to get up and make Tony some fresh coffee when the elevator sounded from behind them. All three heads whipped around to see Colonel James Rhodes strut in with a cup carrier full of Starbucks coffee in hand.
Tony looks at him blankly, unimpressed.
"Infinitesimal to a God, little one. Very few could bare the helms weight on a battlefield."
"Loki, you must try this sweet food," Thor handed Loki one of the doughnuts covered in bright pink icing and multicolored sprinkles. His brother looked at the strange treat skeptically.
"Peter, you're
"What do you think? Will we be seeing more of our webbed superhero?" Steve asked quietly, setting a fresh cup of coffee next to Tony.
As much as he loved fighting crime, he didn't want to only be a superhero...even Spiderman has dreams!
and Steve
"Yeah, Daddy...
"Like...three or four--" Tony tried counting his fingers, glancing up in confusion. "What day is it?"
"No, it's all fine and dandy. I'll be stuck here with our hyperactive teen doing awesome science and you'll go off gallivanting across the great plains of Europe with Nat. It's fine. Really.
"Steve, a little help please!" Bruce grumbled, still trying to catch Peter by himself. The poor scientist was already tired himself and turning a little green.
"He has the ability," Bruce shrugged.
"Excellent plan, Jason Momoa's abs fix anything. Marathon?"
"Loki," Doom grumbled, standing up to dust himself off. "Are you friend or foe, today?"
Steve has to go off on a mission with Natasha for SHIELD...Tony and Peter are less than thrilled about it.
"Morning, Tony," Bruce piped up softly, giving Tony a small smile as he finished making himself some oatmeal.
Tony wasn't pleased with the order but he did back down, throwing Thor an apologetic look which the God returned with an appreciative smile.
It was a harsh thought, but Bruce was Tony's friend and he'd give anything to make sure Dr. Bruce Banner had the life he deserved.
Steve felt both relieved and a little hurt by Tony's lack of faith in him. It wasn't unfounded, but Steve had thought they were making great strides in knowing things like this about each other. He was not homophobic by any means. He would often get into fights with those who were when he was younger, defending both men and women who couldn't stand up for themselves.
"See?" Steve smiled at Peter's enthusiastic nod, sending the teen off to continue the fight. Doom had rid himself of the webs and had already continued his assault.
"Tell the team to lure Sandman back down here, get him as close as possible to that firetruck!" Spiderman pointed over to the large firetruck parked behind them, the fire fighters spread out, awaiting orders.
Giving out his orders, Steve put his shield on his back, turned and walked out of the base.
admire you!"
We see some more family fluff and a healthy portion of protective Cap, as well as Thor. I will admit that there is some Fury bashing, not that I am not a fan of the character it just works for this fic. Apologies! And we get our first look into Spiderman!
"Look at how fake Tony's smile is," Bruce pointed out, glum. "I wish he would smile more in public."
"Honeybear!" Tony squeaked, rushing over to his best friend. "Tell me one of those are for me?"
For the longest time, Steve kept his emotions in check and tried to ignore the envious feelings rising within him every time he had to watch someone else receive Tony's affections. It was just something he got used to after awhile. Clearly, Tony was not interested in gracing him with physical affection...and that was fine.
"Hello, Tony. Miss me much?" Thor teased his friend, patting Tony softly with affection.
"You are far younger than I would have imagined, little one. Hardly on the cusp of boyhood," Thor noted with a look of intrigue. It was not often one came across such an accomplished warrior that was hardly a man. Even on Asgard, children as small as Peter were barely beginning their training on the field of battle.
"Pop's makin' waffles," Peter said cheekily as he climbed up Tony's back to wrap himself around the genius, smirking at Tony's flailing arms trying to steady them both.
"This is the spider boy you spoke of?"
No sir.
"Understood, Sir," Hill murmured, staring at the screen quietly. "Nick, I thought the Soldier was a myth?"
Before any more retorts could be made, the door of the meeting room opened and Fury strolled in with a folder of paperwork and a laptop, setting the computer on the table beside him as he took a seat.
"Coming!"
Steve sighed and gestured to Peter, "I knew I shouldn't have left you two alone for so long, look at him, Tones. He's not okay and neither are you."
The genius literally spit coffee out as he coughed, his eyes going wide as he fought to catch his breath!
Steve quickly worked the face shield off, seeing a very pissed off Tony looking back at him. He couldn't help but feel relieved that his genius wasn't hurt too badly.
Steve set a plate of two waffles in front of Tony, made a bit differently for his genius. The super soldier had started making Tony's pancakes and waffles with almond flour, egg whites and coconut oil for a healthier option. He was always concerned with Tony's well-being and would go the extra mile to make sure Tony at least ate better with his heart condition.
"I'm leaving, feel free to do your Fabio and Esmeralda thing once I'm officially off the premises!" Peter rushed to the elevator, hitting the button for the roof, waving at his parents right as the doors closed.
The room went silent at that, a clear sign that things were about to go south very quickly between Fury and Tony. The dark haired genius was grinning from his chair, leaning back with his arms crossed.
But they worried about him just as much.
"Thought not."
There was a brief pause from Fury, which only added to Peter's growing anxiety. Tony had been worried about SHIELD finding Peter and now it seemed those fears were coming true.
Bruce suddenly looked sheepish, "I think we accidentally brewed my coffee, Tony. I'm sorry."
Steve thought a bit sadly. The team had been sent out on a mission in the city yesterday and they'd needed the Hulk. It was always a tense waiting game while they waited for Hulk to return to Bruce.
"I miss him!" Tony whined petulantly, crossing his arms while glaring at the television.
"What's your deal, Victor? Terrorizing your homeland wasn't enough so you come and bully ours?" Tony yelled, firing a blast at one of the bots.
Tony fired up his blasters to take out as many bots as he could from the air. On the ground, Steve to the bots on hand-to-hand, working better in close quarters.
"Friends! What are these nuts of dough that JARVIS spoke of?" Thor asked, lumbering into the kitchen to join them.
"It's nothing bad!"
"He made that choice for himself when he put on that suit," Fury explained in exasperation.
Peter stopped short, tripping over his own feet and slamming into the wall when he saw Tony Stark sitting on the sofa with May. The billionaire was chatting happily with May like they were old friends, sitting on the couch as if it were normal, sipping on a glass of tea.
Imagine their surprise when they learned that Spiderman was more like Spider child.
"Yes, Sir."
Even though he desperately wanted to pass out...
Now, Peter didn't get quite as much field time as he would have liked because Tony wanted him to focus on school. Which was perfectly fine with Pete. Steve wanted him to just be a kid for a little while longer, which again, was fine. However, it still made Peter feel uncomfortable to watch his family go out and fight against villains, seeing the battle live on the news. There had been times when he watched Tony go down and felt his heart stop, praying for the armor to get back up. He still did patrols during the night when he wasn't busy, so he still felt good about taking down criminals.
Smiling, he silently prayed for this mission to end as quickly as possible so he could come back home...
"I'm not crying, you're crying!"
I will leave this up to you all, do we want a squeal to this? If we get enough people asking for one, it will be considered. As of now there are only vague ideas for one and it would be very similar to this type of fic, lots of fluff and what not.
"Are you stating a fact or asking me a question?"
"Please save me," Steve pleaded with a heavy sigh.
"Caffeine, sugar, alcohol and tacos," Tony ticked off slyly, smirking at the frown Steve threw him.
Right.
...or is it?
Thinking it was most likely Tony or Peter, Steve quickly walked to the door to unlock it and pulled it open. Imagine his surprise when it wasn't his beloved genius or his son, but instead it was Bruce.
Really, Loki's tricks were a constant source of amusement for the Avengers.
"You underestimate my power, Brucie," Tony snickered. "This is not my first round with 1,3,7-Trimethylpurine-2,6-dione!"
Thor nodded in agreement, "A worthy ally, indeed."
Thor was off somewhere, claiming he had a private errand to run and would return shortly, but that was becoming more and more frequent. No one asked the thunderer where he went or what he was doing, but it was now common for Thor to take off at least twice a week to unknown locations.
"Hey, Pepper," Steve smiled back, giving the CEO a small wave.
Tony, well...he was Tony Stark.
"Would you believe me if I told you I was afraid of the same thing?"
"Stupid bird!"
So long as it was made with fresh blueberries, Tony would eat just about anything.
"He destroyed Crispy Creamy, Cap! There are some things that are unforgivable!"
"Don't think they heard ya', honey. Try again."
Also, the 'You're like a koala with cerebral palsy' line? My husband actually said that to me one time when he helped me down one day and for some reason it has stuck with me and is still funny.
We've finally reached the end!
By the time Tony had located Doom for SHIELD to take down, it was morning. The genius had not been pleased by any means, but then again neither had anyone else. They were all exhausted and worn down to the bone. Clint had suffered a minor injury during the fight, leaving him and Natasha in medical. Bruce had sulked off to wind down after letting the Hulk out and Thor claimed he was flying back to the tower alone. Steve had collapsed in the passenger seat of the jet with Tony piloting, tugging his cowl off with an exhausted groan.
"You would condone sending a fifteen year old high school student out into a battle field?" he asked stormily.
"Aye. You will see me in less than a week," Loki chided, stepping up to Thor. "And I expect you to be fashionably early."
"Do not."
"We're open to any ideas," Steve stated, watching the young superhero look around the street.
"I have an idea!" Spiderman exclaimed helpfully, swinging back down to the street below.
"Are we okay now?" Steve asked softly, hoping there was no more confusion between them. Tony grinned up at him mischievously, "I think we're perfect."
Tony knew that Pete would be upset about Steve leaving for awhile, and even though it didn't seem like a long time, they had gotten into a very steady routine. Peter lived at the tower and always saw his Dads every single day...this would be the first time they'd be apart.
Peter collided with the training mat once again, groaning loudly as he rolled to his side, his Aunt Nat smiling above him like a sadistic mama spider!
Tony gasped in horror as his favorite shop was utterly obliterated, watching glass spray across the street with the fading sound of a decimated siren.
"My baby!" Tony was yelling across the battle field, one arm partially in a sling!
It was a simple way for them to unwind after a day.
"Put some ice on it, soldier," Steve smirked. In all honestly he did tap Clint pretty hard during their last round, but he would know if something were broken in the archer.
"Then we are to be on opposing fields this day."
It was a little past noon the next day before anyone saw Tony return from the lab. Steve was in the kitchen pouring himself some juice while he read a news article on his tablet when he heard the elevator doors ring.
Peter looked up at Tony to make sure it was really okay before glancing over, shyly.
One day he would be a part of the team, for real. Then his Dad could retire and Peter could be Ironman!
Steve, however, did not get
Steve.
"Ummm...it's a dynamic with pretty complex target problems with rational engineering methodology based on molecular principles versus trial-and-error approaches common throughout engineering. Molecular approach seeks to manipulate system properties by understanding their chemical and physical origins. It also gives rise to fundamental new materials and systems, which are sometimes required to address outstanding needs in different fields, like anything from energy to healthcare to electronics."
"Tony is correct. My brother is not an ally of Doom, this much I can be certain of. When last we spoke, Loki mentioned his personal distaste for the Latverian ruler. Apparently, Doom sought my brother out to try and syndicate himself with Loki."
Peter nodded, jumping a bit to psych himself up before running at Natasha again, leaping up into the air in a full body spin to wrap his legs around her upper body. It was one of Nat's favorite moves to bring down someone of any size and she wanted Pete to learn it. It would come in very handy in close to hand combat, and it was non-lethal.
accounted for was a certain super soldier lounging about in his office, waiting for him. As it turns out, Steve had been waiting for Tony's return after the genius had left for S.I that morning, hanging out with the bots in the lab and drawing to pass the time.
"The people are loving this!" Clint exclaimed loudly, turning up the volume on the TV from the living room.
"Feel better?" Bruce asked lightly, smirking as Tony quickly poured himself a gross amount of caffeine.
"Captain America can cook?" Peter asked astonished. He couldn't imagine Captain America taking down criminals with his awesome shield and then going home to cook omelettes.
Steve reached for his comm-link, helping Tony get clear of any fire headed their way. "Bruce, Tony needs medical attention. I'm sending him to the jet now."
Shrugging off the whole thing, Steve went back to his lunch while Bruce read beside him, trying not to dwell on the odd feelings in his chest.
Spiderman: Hey! Miss writer? I have a question! Why did you make Doom go all the way to New York to pester the United Nations? The Hague would have been much closer since Latveria is in Romania.
Steve surveyed the area and finished knocking out the other soldiers. He would have to meet up with Natasha and the team soon.
"Only if we watch Finding Nemo after."
"Copy that, Cap." Bruce replied through the comms.
"You're tellin' me. I was already tired before all this shit started and now look!" Tony gestured to the window. "We started this fight at 7pm, look at how long we chased after that nutjob! It's
"Try again, милый."
Tony was with Steve.
"This is why I keep you around, Mr. Rogers."
They really should have had this conversation a long time ago...
what you say when you did something bad."
"Can someone please tell me why JARVIS just told me Peter left on a date!" Clint cried from the hallway, rushing into the room with wide eyes.
It hadn't been fun...
"Hey, Big Guy. Doughnut?" Steve offered kindly, holding one of the glazed goods up for his friend.
"You've got your cell, call us if you need back-up," Steve ordered.
As the exited the elevator to head up, they were surprised to see a frazzled Tony coming down the hallway towards them with his arms flying every which way, struggling to get his jacket on in a hurry.
Tony continued his string of insults even as they began dragging him backwards. He wouldn't go down without a fight and he would give these fuckboys a run for their money.
"Oh..." Peter acknowledged, feeling the urge to slam his head against the wall in stupidity, crossing his arms for lack of anything better to do with them. "So...why are you here exactly?"
"Doom's deployment against the city notwithstanding, can anyone explain how Doom managed to get his hands on this kind of technology?" Fury asked shortly, his annoyance clear. "It's raising too many questions."
"Tony!"
"Is my милый missing his папа?" Nat smirked, tucking the disk in her pack.
"I have finished my report on Spiderman." JARVIS brought the latest files he'd created on the masked hero, a medical file at the top of the list. "The results may shock you, Sir."
"And you understood it?"
"Yeah, dude, where's the fire?" Clint
The agents around them all held their breath as they turned to Fury, watching the Director stand there stoically. His silence was enough for Steve though. The Captain nodded once, turned around and reached for Tony's hand to leave.
Steve."
It really shouldn't bother Steve what the papers thought because he knew they were wrong. Of course, that didn't mean it didn't annoy the shit out of him.
The TV in the kitchen was tuned on to the news feed happening LIVE, where Tony was currently doing an interview about New York's latest idiosyncratic...Doctor Steven Strange. Tony was doing a little PR about Strange, claiming that the sorcerer was not a threat and that he was trustworthy.
"Your future."
"I believe Thor Odinson has returned, Sir."
"Hard to say," Natasha shrugged. "Cute little thing, isn't he?"
Steve ignored Doom's taunts as he skidded to his knees next to the Ironman armor. The hunk of metal was essentially lifeless, the eyes no longer alight. Steve was afraid to touch Tony out of fear that the genius was undoubtedly hurt by the fall.
"You love my hugs."
They were running out of ideas.
Peter Parker.
It was just hard to let him go sometimes.
"Doom wouldn't need Loki's magic anyway," Tony divulged. "Because it's not magic that he used."
"Are you asking me or telling me?"
"You read my thesis?" Tony questioned, incredulous.
It wasn't until the super soldier began noticing Tony's open affection with others that it slowly started to bother him. He had no issue with Tony kissing other people, it was more along the lines of seeing Tony kiss everyone other than Steve. He knew Tony was affectionate to those closest to him, it was one of the things he loved about Tony, but he didn't realize how much that seemed to exclude him.
worked for SHIELD, but they had stated on more than one occasion that their loyalty lied with the Avengers.
"You will address Doom with esteem, as
"Mine!"
"I do not understand how something can be so light and soft yet so sweet at the same time, I love it!"
But that didn't make sense either!
Steve stared at the ground between their feet, hating himself for being unable to control his damn emotions. He'd kept himself in line for years.
"I take it the coffee wasn't to your liking, Stark?"
Tony, initially, was the one to find out who Spiderman actually was. He had been concerned when JARVIS' scans all indicated a young male was behind the mask instead of an adult.
Shaking his head at his two dorks, Steve stood up and headed back towards the elevators.
"Never been away from him this long," Steve shrugged. "Can't say that I'm taking it any better."
Tony practically squealed in delight, throwing his arms around Rhodey's shoulders to give him a wet smack right on the lips. If Rhodey was surprised, it didn't show. He just rolled his eyes and handed Tony a cup, watching the genius moan happily. Tony eventually finished one full cup before grabbing another one, looping his arm around Rhodey's to drag his Honeybear off to the lab.
Steve knew his back would be protesting all day long for sleeping on the couch, but it was worth it. He noted that Tony was already up and awake, most likely in the kitchen from the sound of it, and he slowly stood up to start getting ready. Grabbing a blanket from the other chair, he gently covered Pete up so his son could sleep some more.
"Sure--thi-
It didn't take long for his team to arrive in the kitchen. For whatever reason, Hulk was the first to arrive with his large, lumbering frame filling the doorway.
Tony smirked because it was true. Peter was a joy to have in the lab, especially when they were trying to create new projects.
SHIELD had called in the Avengers for a meeting at their headquarters, more specifically, Fury had called them in.
"This is a training session, not a fight, but you are correct. In a true fight, you use every strength and skill you have to defeat your enemy."
Steve smiled, knowing Thor would enjoy the sweets. "Plenty more, try some of the others. You might like the chocolate ones."
It was true too. Loki had been the one to contain the power of the tesseract himself, banishing the alien army that had tried to attack the Earth. Sure, he'd stuck around to cause havoc and a bit of chaos but nothing too crazy. He was the God of Mischief, after all.
"No."
"I believe they called it Bulgarian, something along those lines."
Steve leaned his head against his palm, smiling at Tony's tranquil sigh as he munched on his pancakes. Moments like this, these were the moments Steve cherished most. The times when it was only him and Tony, doing something as simple as eating brunch.
"Got it!" Peter high-fived Clint as he passed, tossing his bag over his shoulder as he rushed to the elevator. "Don't forget, I'm hanging out with Ned at the park after school so I'll be home late!"
"Brucie Bear, want some decaf?" Tony offered.
Anyone who knows Tony Stark knows that the man doesn't show affection or praise like most people. He gives you his approval or admiration in the form of kisses. A kiss on the cheek, the forehead, even a quick peck on the lips. It was something he got from his mother, being of Italian decent. Only those closest to Tony would get this side of him. Tony would rather give an affectionate kiss than a hug or pat on the back.
Loki bit into it, the sweet cream hitting his tongue. He nearly moaned at the goodness in his mouth, savoring the treat.
I think we all needed that.
"In a way," Thor shrugged. "Touching ones forehead to another is a personal gesture to indicate friendship or a bond with someone. For Loki and I, it signifies our mental bond with one another, as well as our deep emotional bond that if familial. Does this make sense?"
"Yes Sir?"
Peter chirped happily, getting in on the call.
It was a P.R. nightmare that Pepper was already having to handle. One small remark and a casual wink was all it took to start a hurricane of rumors. When it came to popular magazines and news, the truth was nice but a rumor was priceless. Many people had questioned the relationship between Tony and Strange, wondering if Tony had found a new love interest in the handsome sorcerer, naming them the IronStrange ship.
"Please don't leave me for Strange," Steve blurted out suddenly.
"That may be true but what if some young gun studly soldier gets the better of you, huh? What then? He could take out your legs because your shield is no bigger than a dinner plate!"
More precisely, his relationship with Tony.
tell you, Sir. Though I doubt you actually understood my notification when I informed you earlier." The A.I snarked lightly, obvious annoyance in the robots voice.
If they could figure out who Spiderman was and contact him before SHIELD could, it would hopefully lead to Spiderman siding with the Avengers rather than SHIELD.
"Snippy robot," Tony grumbled petulantly. "Fine, give me the longest video you've currently got of the real Spiderman."
Far more advanced than what Tony originally imagined, that was for sure.
"I've been trying, he won't listen!" Tony exclaimed helplessly.
Steve had ended the conversation promptly by stating they knew very little, practically nothing, about Spiderman and that it was the young hero who saved the day.
Loki continued to stare at the odd food, trying to understand how something so strange could taste like a fruit.
"What are you boys arguing about?" Natasha asked, sweeping into the room with a stack of folders under her arm.
With time, more and more super heroes began to make an appearance in the world. From girls who have the weird ability to control squirrels, to super mutants, to insane mercs who never shut up.
"I know that," Steve sighed heavily while pulling himself up off the ground, taking a hard kick to the stomach from a Nazi soldier. "As it turns out, I was wrong."
"Greetings, friends!"
"Wh--what? No! N-no, no, I'm just--I'm not--I mean--" Peter stumbled over his words in a panic, praying that a SWAT team of SHIELD agents weren't on their way to bust in the door.
"The kissing thing," Steve stated, that odd feeling coming back again as he replayed the image in his head of Tony kissing Rhodey. "I didn't know Tony and Rhodes were--"
Plus, the name calling was another thing. Tony, more often than not, would call Steve
"If that is all,
Smiling softly at the very subtle hitch in Tony's breath, Steve knew his best friend was truly upset that he was leaving. In a way, Steve knew how Tony was feeling. It was an emotion he was familiar with every time he watched Tony and Rhodey do test flights for the armor. There was always a chance something could go wrong and it always filled Steve with dread. He still has nightmares of the Ironman armor falling from the sky.
Tony ran over to them in a panic, huffing and panting loudly as he looked Peter over for any serious wounds.
"What are you even doing fighting crime, Pete?"
"Of course."
"No!" Steve interrupted firmly, glaring at the TV. "No, he does
"How can you drink tea in the morning?" Clint stared at Bruce's mug with mild disgust. "Better yet...how can you drink that at all?"
More to come, and very soon we will have a certain God of Mischief joining in the fun.
"Thor is our only air assault now. Spiderman's webs aren't having much of an effect on Doom," Steve explained, decapitating another bot.
fiction, but it still encompasses the hardships of millions of Americans whose lives were crushed by the Dust Bowl and the Great Depression. Just because the characters aren't real doesn't devalue the truthfulness of the subject, baby."
Reaching up, Tony gently cupped Steve's cheeks to rub his thumbs along those sharp cheekbones, smiling at the Captain softly.
"Does this guy never take vacations?" Tony groaned, watching the hoard of Doom-Bots congregate in the streets.
"Don't look at me with those exasperated doe eyes," Tony smirked. "There are few things in this life that I cherish and the precious is one of them! Humans can not achieve immortality anyway so who cares about a little heart arrhythmia and life not lived to the fullest is no life at all, so fill 'er up,
That was all the sharks needed.
"But a
"This is the little one I have told you about, brother. He is the adopted son of Anthony and Steven," Thor explained helpfully.
"Hi!" Spiderman spoke cheerfully, giving a shy little wave. "Do you guys need any help?"
The lab was alight with activity.
Sandman continued to fight them off but it was becoming desperate. The man knew he wouldn't escape unscathed, merely running from the team as well as police. What the Avengers were trying to do was capture Sandman and detain him before any more damage could be caused to the city.
Steve smiled softly as he leaned against the doorway. It was such a rare occasion to actually hear Tony sing out loud. The genius had kept that secret safe from everyone. He had a beautiful voice, but he wouldn't let anyone hear him.
"Obviously."
Peter knew a subtle threat when he heard one. The agents knew that he knew they were there, making eye contact with him, unfaltering.
The question clearly stumped the kid, his poor hands shaking as he tried to come up with any reason why he couldn't. Taking pity on the boy, Steve stepped forward and put his hand on Spiderman's shoulder.
"Pep, I have the upmost faith in you to handle the leeches like you always do," Tony said while sipping on a coffee. "People wanna talk, let 'em."
Tony's attitude was not only due to the ungodly early hour, but also because Steve was leaving and he would always try and distant himself like he would in the past, it was a way to keep himself grounded. Steve was used to it though, seeing it as just another aspect of Tony's personality. The genius was soft hearted.
"Stop encouraging him, Hawkeye!" Steve ordered exasperated, shaking his head.
"Is that Pete?"
After a nasty battle that left ten city blocks in chaos, a new asshole supervillian that had aspirations of world domination and Tony's favorite doughnut shop in ruin, a new superhero appeared asking the Avengers if they needed some help.
The technology revolving around teleportation is not vital nor is it
"Come on
to you?" Steve asked in disbelief. "What kind of spider!?"
Spiderman lends a hand to the Avengers when they face off with Sandman. Oh, and also, Tony figures out who Spiderman actually is.
"Not yet, Captain. We have one more thing to discuss," Fury sighed, bringing up a laptop from the table behind him. When he opened it, a video began to play and he paused it, turning it towards them.
"They aren't together, Cap," Bruce interrupted with a small laugh, shaking his head. He already knew what Steve was insinuating and honestly couldn't blame him. Tony was affectionate with everyone, it was something you got used to seeing.
"He's in league with us, that's all I need to know," Steve stated.
A feeling of relief settled in Steve's chest, something that caused him to question why it had bothered him in the first place. He didn't care if Tony kissed people, why should he? Tony was his best friend and his closest confidant, it didn't bother him that Tony showed close attachment to others.
"Bullshit," Tony snapped brusquely. "Loki isn't tied to Doom anymore than we are, you just wanna pin it on him as an excuse. Go ahead, Nick, piss of a trickster God and see where that gets you."
...we'll be leaving."
As Peter was pulling on his other shoe, May called up to him from downstairs.
Tony was in the kitchen, bleary eyed and glaring at the coffee maker for being too slow. He'd already gotten his favorite mug down and ready for his daily dose of caffeine.
Me: I don't know, because it's the headquarters for the UN? Plus, our story wouldn't make much progress if Doom went somewhere else...and how many people actually know the other main offices for the United Nations are in Geneva, Nairobi, Vienna and The Hague, anyway?
"Alright guys, I gotta run. Be safe, work hard, make me proud!" Tony waved to them all before blowing a kiss to each of them, signing off the call.
"Don't you wanna come spend time with me? I missed you guys...didn't you miss me, Tones?"
"You haven't eaten anything, Tony."
"What kind of cream is this? It reminds me of pudding."
Imagine their surprise when they all learned that Spider
Guys! I am so sorry this is so late! I'm a rat...
Right?
"Really. And here I thought it was because of my Adonis-like aesthetic," Steve deadpanned.
"I know right? Our boy is growing up," Tony cried. "Make it stop!"
sing was because of a moment like this one, he'd walked into the lab one time and caught Tony singing while he worked.
Steve stared at the ground between their feet, hating himself for being unable to control his damn emotions.
"I know!"
"Hey!" Clint shouted. "I called the last strawberry filled one!"
were the way the genius gave his affection.
Even a blind man could see the devotion Captain America held for Ironman.
"So did I..."
"Are you experimenting right now?" Steve exclaimed frantically.
"I'm the Nazi's worst nightmare."
"There's something else we'd like to tell you all. Peter?" Tony gestured for the kid to speak up, encouraging him with a warm smile. "It's okay, Pete."
"I'm sorry...I know my hearing is shit, but," Clint shook his head and pointed at Peter, dumbfounded. "Did you just say you're Spiderman?"
"A radioactive one that was genetically modified by Oscorp Industries."
"Yes?"
"I have confirmed Spiderman's identity, Sir. Voice recognition has been authenticated and physical scans show a %100 match."
The cameras all focused in on Tony and Doctor Strange, snapping pictures with bright flashes, calling for the heroes to turn for a better photo. During the handshake and all the cameras flashing, Tony and Strange leaned in for a kiss on each cheek with Tony smiling happily for the press.
Did someone say something to his Captain?
"Rules were meant to be broken!"
Tony smirked, "Don't you use that Brooklyn slang on me, asshole. I won't be able to control myself."
He and Tony ran the team together. They fought flawlessly as a tag team in the field. Steve would even say that Tony was his best and closest friend, sharing a connection with the genius billionaire that he didn't experience with anyone else.
The jet landed a half block down from the United Nations headquarters. Natasha took the railbike to do ground work. Clint took to the sky for a perch. Bruce was on medical control. Thor and Tony would handle the air and Steve would be on the ground.
Sure enough, Thor and Clint were in the kitchen. There was a spread of sandwich munchies on the kitchen island where Thor was busy crafting lunch. Clint was pouring himself a cup of coffee, groaning in delight over the steamy goodness.
"Tones..."
"Talk to me, JARVIS. What have you got for me, buddy?"
"Good work out there, son. The Avengers are grateful for your help." Steve held out his hand to offer Spiderman, smiling as the young hero seemed to be in awe. Spiderman was so tiny compared to Steve, even more so as he shook the kids hand in thanks.
"Uhh...can I ask who's calling?"
Who didn't see that coming? We needed some Benedryl Cabbagepatch!
Tony jumped and may have shrieked when Peter came up behind him, glaring at Steve who started laughing at him.
Spiderman accepted the praise quietly, not used to getting such reverence for his heroic acts.
"At least another week..."
Steve looked up when Tony walked in the door, startling the dark haired genius enough for Tony to jump.
What kind of hero would he be if he didn't stand up for basic human rights and the freedom to love who you wanted?
nanote---" Peter trailed off, his eyes going wide when he noticed the other Avenger standing in the room. "...you're Captain America."
"Don't touch me," Tony grumbled.
"Are we just gonna keep letting this guy break things or what?" Tony asked from above, flying past the jet as it hovered above the street. So far, Sandman had succeeded in smashing 10 city blocks in ways that put the Hulk to shame. His rampage had devastated apartment buildings, a police station, multiple businesses too. The team couldn't find a way of containing Sandman without using lethal force, and they were running out of time. If Sandman continued on like he was, the unknown death toll would only skyrocket.
If Spiderman was in awe over Captain America, he seemed even more so over Ironman.
Steve watched Fury's ire grow, but the Director wouldn't be winning this argument. To drive his point, he added on another tactic.
The conversation ended abruptly as Thor brought down a torrent of lightning on Doom. The villain shielded himself from harm, re-aiming his focus on the God of thunder. The others joined in on the fray as well, keeping Doom on the defense.
Rolling his eyes, Steve glanced around the room for something to occupy him. It was boring enough watching Clint make paper projectiles and Thor toss Mjolnir around.
"We need a plan, guys. Unless we bring Sandman down he's gonna end up leveling Brooklyn!" Natasha announced hastily, unable to assist in the battle. Since their guns did not work against Sandman, the jet was non-effective for the fight.
Bruce and Clint looked at each other with skepticism. Even they could see how the sorcerer supreme resembled the British actor.
So long as he could have moments like these with Tony, everything would be alright.
"Can I try?" Pete asked excitedly, smiling brightly up at the thunderer.
That. Fuckin'. Does it!" he yelled furiously, charging up his repulsors and aiming them at Sandman's turned back, resorting to lethal strikes.
"You're short."
"What?" he asked confused, seeing Clint and Hulk glaring at him.
"Yes. These horns were forged on Nidavellir, the home world of the Daurves. Nidavellir is where all the weapons of the Gods are forged, including Thor's hammer, Mjolnir."
After Bruce, the next two to get a kiss from Tony was Natasha and Clint, during a impromptu breakfast with the team.
After a gracious round of love making and an earth shattering myriad of orgasms, Tony and Steve had passed out on the large couch down in the lab. It wasn't until many hours later that they awoke to the sound of the lab doors rattling, along with JARVIS speaking up above their heads.
It didn't take long for them to reach the living room. Just as JARVIS said, Peter was sitting on the couch with the TV on, a bowl of popcorn on his lap with a blanket around his shoulders. He looked up when he heard the elevator doors open and smiled at them.
There would be Hell to pay if anyone tried.
"You may not have to wait long, Sir. My sensors are picking up rapid atmospheric readings directly above the tower," JARVIS stated suddenly.
"Your Aunt Nat found more info that SHIELD may want. You know I gotta do my job, son."
"Of course I love you, you know that."
"What's this about, Doom?" Steve asked sternly, watching a few of Doom's bots surround him. The villain certainly wasn't taking any chances it seemed.
"Alright," Steve backed down, turning to head back in. He glanced back at the city lights once more before following Tony back inside. He knew he was overprotective of Peter, but he couldn't help it. The kid had a big heart. All Pete wanted to do was save people and make the world a better place, and they all knew that he would.
"What heart?" Tony joked, tapping the glowing light of the arc reactor. "Another 3 cups of this stuff and I'll be rearin' to go for another 24 hours!"
They were together.
"I can't believe Doom was able to evade us like that," he grumbled.
"No," Steve ordered quickly. "The risk is too high for Hulk to be involved."
"Absolutely...
"You're too young for that kind of life."
Nope, Peter had high expectations for his future and they all included Stark Industries. If he could manage to score an internship with S.I and work his way up to the science division it would be a dream. He loved science more than anything else and wanted to be on the forefront with the leading company in engineering and biomechanics.
"Oh, ummm...I think Dad is--" Peter began to look around for any sign of his parents but was suddenly cut off by Tony rushing towards him, with Steve running after Tony.
The young minds of SI were Tony's favorite part of his work. The kids all looked up to Tony for guidance and worked hard to impress him. Steve knew how much those kids meant to Tony and he knew his genius cared about them all.
"I have questions too," Tony stated smugly, smirking when Fury rolled his eyes. "I wanna know why SHIELD is more interested in the technology Doom seemingly used rather than the civilian casualties, the fact that one of our own was injured in battle or the possible outcomes of this tech falling into someone else's hands."
"Huh...cool."
It shouldn't have been a big deal and it definitely shouldn't have bothered Steve as much as it did.
I'll have you know that I ate a banana!"
"Tones," Steve pulled back to grab Tony's face gently. The dark haired genius was close to breaking, wet eyes looking up into solemn blue ones.
thing!"
Leaning down, Steve brushed his nose against Tony's, quietly murmuring the words he'd been longing to say for years.
"If it makes you feel any better, I got my powers from a spider bite...if that helps?" Peter asked softly, looking up at Steve innocently.
"Now, come on we've got pizza and Sherlock waiting!"
"Share!" Hulk demanded, trying to grab the box from Clint.
"Significant annoyance," Tony blurted out, smirking as Steve's mild glare.
The agent asked snidely. "No offense, Cap, but I'd never call my kid somethin' girly like that. Aren't you afraid it'll make him soft?"
Tony finished layering the lasagna up, loading the top with parmesan and sliding it into the oven. His moms own recipe that never failed to impress. His mama would turn over in her grave if Tony couldn't make her best dish right.
"Spiderman is currently the most popular hero on social media, Sir. Video feed continues to stream in every second pertaining to Spiderman. I will inform you when I have sufficient data to report."
In my defense...things have been a little crazy lately so I haven't had the time nor the omph to write. Had a bit of writers block if I'm being honest. But, we are moving forward!
pleasant...
"I didn't want to push you, on the off chance you didn't want anything more."
"Scanning files now."
Peter hesitantly reached forward to shake Cap's hand, keeping his grip loose and trying not to seem too starry eyed.
"So cool," Pete sighed dreamily.
"Holy shit, it worked!" Clint shouted, gaping at the muck surrounding the fallen Sandman...now more
Honestly, Steve had been worried something like this would happen in his absence.
Thor had piled up a large plate of food so Loki could try a bit of everything. His little brother had always been a bit picky with the food he ate, and Thor wanted him to try some new things. Peter even assisted in the endeavor, picking out a fruit parfait and a dish of pudding for the trickster.
Peter thought, wondering who it was calling him anyway.
Tony thought, looking at the catastrophic ruination below.
"Is this about the conference yesterday?" Steve asked, glancing between Tony and Pepper.
"Yep, all good. She was just calling to verify a meeting I have to be at later on this week. Are any of those filled?" Tony asked pointing to the open boxes of doughnuts.
Peter was very proud of his work and had every right to be. For as young as he was, Peter's IQ revealed itself in his ability to adapt and create his own designs, with little help. The web shooters being made in a school chemistry lab for one thing, that in itself was insane.
Trying another tactic, Steve gave Tony a warm smile and wrapped his arms around the smaller genius.
"You know you love me!" Tony called over his shoulder, shimming into the open elevator.
"Think you can distract him again?" Steve asked, knowing how powerful Doom was and really didn't want Peter facing off against the super villain.
"Label everything in the refrigerator!"
It soon becomes apparent that the Avengers all agree; Peter will be the best of them all. They all see that Tony loves the kid, treating Peter as his own.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Alright, good luck out there guys!" Clint yelled over the comms. "And for
"People love Spiderman," Bruce shrugged from the couch. "It's no wonder everyone thinks he's secretly an Avenger after fighting with us yesterday."
"Store video files in a separate file, cross reference and eliminate all fake specimens after analysis, you know the drill."
The people of New York had gone crazy when they caught wind of Spiderman fighting alongside the Avengers. The latest gossip was that Spiderman was a new Avenger, making his debut on the battlefield alongside the heroes for the first time. The coverage was on every major news sight and even premiered as the news top story of the morning.
Also, in case it wasn't obvious, I clearly prefer Comic Hawkeye over the MCU Hawkeye. He's way funnier, has a sense of humor almost like Deadpools and has the attention span of a mouse.
It was also times like this when Steve felt guilty over his own childhood antics, knowing this was exactly how Buck must have felt watching Steve's skinny, 5 foot nothin' asthmatic ass rush off head first into a fight.
Strolling into the kitchen, Tony spied Steve and Bruce sitting at the table eating an early lunch. The coffee pot was full already, the steaming goodness calling to him like a sirens song.
"I once ingested 1082 mg of caffeine in a single day."
A sharp cough from the group of agents standing by them had Steve turning towards them, catching one giving him a sour face.
By lunch time, Steve was dressed and ready to go. He had the keys to his motorcycle in his pocket, knowing he wouldn't have to talk Tones into riding the bike since his genius loved the motorcycle.
Tony's eyes went wide and he suddenly understood what had Steve so upset, whispering, "That's what this is about?"
"Wish I was."
"Who's supposed to watch your back?" Tony argued, sniffling. "I'm the one who supposed to watch your six. It's always been us as a duo. Nat and Clint. Hulk with Thor. Steve with Tony!"
Looking up at Tony who was standing behind Peter, Steve watched his best friend make a series of movements like he was playing charades? Confused, Steve saw Tony point down at Peter and then make a web-shooting action like Spiderman.
"Irritating insect!" Doom growled, firing another blast at Spiderman who was attempting to web the villain up.
meeting with Fury at SHIELD, the team had returned home for the evening. In typical Tony fashion, the billionaire had disappeared down to his lab once they got home. He claimed that he had important data to gather up and wouldn't be available for awhile.
"Well done, young Spider. We will make an Avenger out of you yet," Thor praised, slapping his hand against Spiderman's shoulder.
"Thought you might be hungry, figured we could catch a bite when you got home," Steve shrugged. "It's nice out, we could take the bike for a ride."
"Tough job," Steve deadpanned.
Steve had nearly had a heart attack when Peter introduced himself, quickly learning that the kid was only 14 years old! However, after his shock had gone down, he was filled with a sudden overwhelming urge to protect the kid. He wondered if that was how Bucky had felt with him when they were younger. Peter was so young and innocent, fawning over Cap and begging for a picture with his hero, basically falling over himself with hero worship.
"Tony!"
Bruce looked up at the ceiling with his hands on his hips, watching Pete swing around from a web.
Bruce was his own person, unwilling to allow himself to be used as a weapon no matter how many threats Ross threw at them.
"Tones?" he hesitated, slowly reaching to remove the face mask of the armor. As he was fighting with the latch, Steve suddenly heard Tony's muffled voice from inside the armor, clearly irritated.
It didn't take long for the Avengers to understand that
"I'm starving," Clint groaned, rubbing his shoulder. "I seriously think you broke something in me, Cap, which is not cool. I need my shoulder. I'm an archer, you know!"
Tony smirked and pulled Peter against him, throwing his arm across the kids shoulder.
Steve rolled his eyes at his friend's persistent pout. "Not indestructible, merely stout. I can get hurt as easily as you can."
"What do you all know about this Spiderman character?"
Steve swallowed, pushing up his courage to ask the burning questions in his head. "You love me, right?"
"Trust me, Cap!"
That began the budding relationship between Peter Parker and Tony Stark, one that seemed to be built on paternal instincts and familial bonds. Peter became an intern under Tony at S.I, working the young teen up to what it would be like working in a lab environment.
If there was one word Tony could be associated with, without a doubt, it would have to be affectionate.
Thor took the offered treat and studied it for a moment, hesitantly tasting it before smiling in delight.
"Thor? Can I ask you a question?" he inquired quietly, waiting for the thunderer to nod. "That forehead touch you and Loki did, what does it mean exactly? Is that a part of Asgardian culture?"
Steve and Clint watched Tony rush into the elevator like the Devil was at his heels. It wasn't uncommon for the billionaire to leave in a rush like that, whether it was for personal reasons or business, they'd simply gotten used to it.
"Yep!"
Doom crossed his arms, watching his bots attempt to stop the raging Captain in his tracks. They could be rebuilt with ease, though he did enjoy watching the Captain suffer.
"You steal my heart, dear," Tony said dramatically, quickly kisses Nat on the head before grabbing the pastry box.
Clint and Natasha
He was calm, he was calm, he was ca---
What the Hell kind of a name was
"Your insight into Nanotechnology and mechatronic engineering is unreal. Your thesis was amazing and it's actually what made me what to go into engineering and after I--" Peter stumbled to a stop when Tony held his hand up.
"You didn't show up for lunch as you promised," Loki stated dryly. "The mortals publicized your battle on broadcast, worldwide."
"Alright, hand over the cup, you heathen."
"Petey, baby, hold still." Tony quickly grabbed his phone and snapped a handful of pictures, getting a good one of Peter smiling between the two Gods, both looking down at him serenely.
Was this little fact publicly known?
He really should have turned around.
"Loki's helmet was crafted for him by the finest artisans in the Nine, young Peter. It is not meant to be worn by another." Thor smiled at Peter's enthusiasm, knowing that the young teen had been excited to actually meet the God of Mischief for awhile now.
"Just waiting for you," Steve spoke up. "Everything good with Pepper?"
One more chapter down baby!
"Oh really, one banana?"
"Of course, but I doubt I'll be doing much reading on this OP. Nat's the spy, I'm the muscle."
Loki looked from Tony to Thor, helplessly lifting his arms up in uncertainty. He didn't know how to deal with a blubbering mortal clinging to him like a koala! Thor just shrugged, smiling a little at his brother's discomfort.
"I'm sure you'll tell me anyway," Bruce sighed.
Anyone who dared to enter the training room with a frustrated Captain America pounding away at a sandbag was either very brave, or a lunatic.
Clint and Tony had always had a strange flirtation-ship thing between them. Tony would blow kisses to Clint and the archer would pretend to grab them out of the air. It was childish, yes, but it was their thing.
Tony glanced back at the door and felt a little bad for having to turn down the offer, rubbing the back of his neck awkwardly.
Nat smirked at them and shook her head. The stack she'd brought was a new mission file for Steve to go over. SHIELD wanted him and Natasha to do a small recon mission to gather information, but seeing as how they would be in enemy territory it was always a good idea to bring Captain America along for back-up. It was considered high profile, critical need for extra support, hence the call for Steve to go as well.
"You have no idea," Tony smirked back, quickly pecking Thor's lips happily! "It's been too quiet around here without you, big guy."
"No, Tony. When was the last time you ate actual food, not coffee, that doesn't count."
Not that he ever really was.
Thankfully, when Steve was in a mood, everyone knew to steer clear of him.
In case anyone was wondering, the song Tony is singing is Palace by Sam Smith.
"How Steve is in total denial over said fact," Clint threw in.
Surely, it was clear to Tony that Steve loved him, right? Tony had been Steve's whole world for years, even before when they were only best friends. The dark haired genius had given Steve a home, a new life, a reason to keep on living that didn't involve his role as Captain America. Now he had Tony and Peter, the family he never imagined he would ever get. He'd given up on the white picket fence life after going into the ice, loosing Peggy, waking up in a new century.
"I don't want to be patient, I want to fly up to Asgard and tell him to hurry up and come back! Why did Odin even call him back anyway? What could Thor do that the warriors couldn't?"
Bruce was surprised when Peter stared up at him with wonderment.
Steve rolled his eyes while he poured himself a cup of fresh coffee. He knew all about Tony's obsession with BBC Sherlock Holmes and its main actor. He and Clint would often mispronounce Benedict Cumberbatch just to annoy Tony to no end.
Tony set the suit down on the desk with a deep sigh, sitting down in the roller chair heavily, looking over at the bright eyed kid across from him.
It was still dead silent in the room. No one dared to speak for fear of setting the super soldier off, watching Stark had been enough. They all waited tensely as Captain America focused his full attention at Fury.
"What's up, J?"
"And it's not a lack of faith in your skills, because you're a fucking super soldier, but it's not safe! If it's that dangerous then the whole team should be going."
Then again, that didn't exactly mean much considering the way Thor spoke of Loki.
"What happened to lunch, Captain?" Tony laughed, working the buttons of Steve's shirt.
"The armor's not responding, I'm dead in the water!" Tony snapped. "I can't reach the stupid latch 'cause my arms caught!...Stop laughing and get me out,
What did Fury want with the kid?
Steve was unamused when Tony gave the sorcerer a small peck on the cheek during the last handshake, catching Strange giving Tones a quick wink and a smile after. He started beating the brownie batter just a bit too hard.
Tony groaned in delight, quickly snatching the cup and downing half of it in one glorious, scalding swallow.
Blocking a fierce roundhouse kick, Steve jumped back to avoid getting hit as two more soldiers slammed into him from behind.
The kid was good, they'd give him that. His quick thinking had not only saved the day but had also proved to them that Spiderman was a worthy ally. It would be interesting to see how he did in the future.
"Yeah, but where's the fun in that?" he asked, tightening down another bolt in the Ironman armor. He figured it could use a good cleaning and had spent the last hour inspecting it for flaws. He prided himself on being meticulous with his designs.
They all stopped and a tense silence filled the room before Tony groaned loudly and slapped his forehead.
"Easy, Tones. I doubt Fury will keep us waiting much longer," Bruce tried to quell Tony's rising fury. They had been waiting for almost half an hour with no word from Fury or the agents stationed outside the doors. Some coffee had been brought in along with water, but that did little to pacify Tony.
"Love you too, doll. I'll see you both when I get home."
The scowl on Tony's face was a mixture of petulant and true annoyance that he was getting left behind. It was enough to have Steve smiling, pulling his genius into a warm hug.
Tony made a non-committal shrug, taking a large sip from his mug. His back was aching from sleeping on the couch and he was tired, emotionally and physically. Really, he still pissed off at Fury for keeping them in the dark about this mission. He was still tempted to hack SHIELD again and see what the deal was.
"Your disposition is, as always, a labyrinthine of contradictory tendencies," Doom complained with heavy resentment.
However, finding out
Sighing, Steve caught movement out of the corner of his eye and saw Natasha and an array of SHIELD agents following her through the side door. She waved the disk at him to show they got what they came for.
He felt the warm puffs of air tickle his skin, felt Tony’s body shudder. Once. Twice. And hugged the genius even closer.
“He didn’t! I found out that Bucky-”
Sighing soundlessly, Steve placed his hand on Tony‘s back. Tony seemed to melt even more.
use it against Tony because they were both traitors as well.)
Luca, who had already tears leaking out of her eyes because she was laughing so hard, almost choked.
“NO CHATTER!”
At least by now he knew that all those touches were innocent.
as soon as they saved him. So, there was a legit reason for him to not want to be rescued. And to
Grinning, Tony swooped down, ignoring the scream of protest when he let Hawkeye fall, knowing full well he would be able to catch himself while already blasting two of those flying things that had come way too close to Nat for comfort.
“Never heard of her.”
After Steve had found the perfect ring and decided on the engraving, it had taken three more weeks for him to finally find his courage and ask Tony if he wanted to marry him.
And he would tell him this every day for as long as they lived.
shitty thing to do, after all. Thank the empty heavens Stephen Strange wasn’t an asshole.
“What did you do, Steve?” Nat’s green eyes showed as much humor as exasperation.
“You are right.” A hand grabbed Tony by the throat mid-flight and pressed down on it, denting his high-tech suit without even trying.
“Oh honey, I-”
“You’re sure, you’re okay?”
“They do! I saw it! You need to understand. Whatever they are doing to you-”
“I’ve seen it.”
“To be loved?” Not that he disagreed.
The third time Tony had passed him, pressing a butterfly kiss to his cheek while running out of his office yelling something about carbonate.
“Or when his last experiment exploded right behind him.”
He took the necklace from the dresser letting his fingers wander over the still warm metal engraved with his name. Taking the ring out of his pants pockets, he slipped it onto the necklace and placed it back on the dresser.
Luca smiled, a little exasperated. “Yeah, I know.”
The kid had looked at Steve suspiciously for about an hour after they told him (and after he had been happy for Tony and wasn’t that the sweetest thing?), before turning to Nat and asking her loudly, if she would help him hide a body if he needed to bury someone for messing up.
He would give Steve all the time he needed, of course! And despite all the contrary news articles, he, in fact, wasn’t a sex addict. He could live without it – hell he had, the last couple of years. There had been like two flings he had since Afghanistan and the sex had been… awkward at best.
“You’re in danger.”
Tony wanted to marry him!
After Bruce had cleared him (Tony had tried everything in his power to get out of the mandatory checkup. It had literally just been a conversation. The five very angry superheroes glaring at him and his very pissed off AI’s silence told Tony in a very subtle way it would be easier for him to just accept it. That is why he only fought it for about forty-five minutes.) Steve took him up to their floor, curling around him protectively.
He wasn’t an Avenger just yet, not officially at least. As he didn’t want any attention on himself, they had agreed to give him a little more of a grace period. For now.
“He didn’t.”
Then he realized Tony was hugging him, while also trying to move even closer, pressing his face into the crook of Steve’s neck.
“He lied to you!” She almost screamed this at him, frustrated – and almost hurt?
!” Clint insisted. “He was two thirds on fire before he realized it!”
And the day had started so promising! Steve hadn’t woken him when he had gotten up for his ungodly morning run – probably because Tony had threatened to kick him out of his (their?) bedroom and less because of the promise that he would actually and literally kill him if Steve woke him up one more time – and brought him coffee when he came back. It would have gotten him at least a heavy make out session if this sin against everything science and physics hadn’t decided to fuck their day up. And that before eight in the fucking morning!
“The Avengers will betray you. And Rogers… he will try to kill you.”
Back to why Tony exasperated him tonight.
Tony loved him. He loved Tony. They were meant to be. Even if he didn’t want to marry Steve, they loved each other.
“Yes, Jarvis?”
“Iron Man get out of there!” Steve growled over the comms and Tony rolled his eyes, while also rolling in the air, dodging one of their minions. It wasn’t like he was distracted by coming up with a world domination plan that would actually work.
say that out loud or he would never be allowed to leave the Tower again.
“Seriously, I was sure Nat was going to kill him!”
Steve would never hurt him. Hell, if anyone was going to get hurt it was Steve. And if it wasn’t Tony – fat chance – it would be the press because of Tony as soon as they found out he had defiled a national icon. And the worst part? He hadn’t!
had less to do with the dragon-slug and more to do with the ice-cold terror vibrating inside his skull and stomach.
“Wanda Maximoff?”
“Sounds like fun, is it a thing or a person?”
“I swear to you, I told him what the Winter Soldier did. He didn’t know. And he would never betray me. He loves me!”
Tony pressed another quick kiss to his lips, turning around and grabbed the dogtaggs to place them on the drawer. Like every night.
Bruce, who would stay back as long as they didn’t need him to be available if Tony needed medical treatment.
“Sure thing, Tony.” Luca smiled at him.
“Hawkeye, we need you on-” Nat’s voice came over the comms, cutting out at the end but Jarvis already supplied where she was surrounded by five of those flying shits.
At least he had a good excuse why he couldn’t be at the shareholders meeting. Silver linings!
Of course, they would wait until Strange was off-world in another dimension to do card tricks or whatever it was he was doing when he left the Avengers in charge of fighting his battles.
The grin that spread over Steve’s lips almost split his face.
Thanks to the lovely people who commented and reminded kindly me that there are people waiting.
He breathed a shuttering exhale.
“I love you.”
Sighing again, he went into the bathroom to take a shower himself. He had to calm down.
“Stark.” They hissed with a voice that seemed to echo just on its own. There was something there in the voice, something that whispered of old power. Of old magic and blood rituals. Not that Tony gave a crap.
“50.” Winter agreed.
“Stop!”
He watched as the brown eyes widened in surprise. Watched as something settled in them and they got misty. Watched as the tension bled out of his shoulders.
“What?” She looked horrified. “But I saw Rogers at the Tower!”
What was Tony supposed to do when the super soldier wrapped himself around Tony, murmuring into his ear that
And as Peter was in school and Tony was fighting, so was Winter. Even if he kept back, only taking those things out he could without being too suspicious.
Steve would have felt better if she hadn’t looked as sympathetic as she had in that moment.
“No.”
Two hours later, Luca was on her way to the other universe, having it located with Dumbledore’s help, after threatening the Avengers with the promise that she would come back, if they mistreated Tony. Which was as cute as it was embarrassing.
Tony had come so far since they started dating, asking this without any hint of him actually fearing he could misinterpret this. Trusting, that Steve loved him.
Please, if you can, stay safe, sane and optimistic my lovely readers.
“Yes, but this is
the shovel talk. Or read him the riot act. Or kill him dead as a warning.
“The disrespect!” Tony growled, playfully, while taking off straight into the sky, already aiming for a slug-thing that was about to fly away.
Oh and of course those fucking slug-things.
Who was he kidding? It probably was his fault. Meh. That was life.
Tony would rather die than acknowledge it, but Clint might have been right: they had been in a relationship for months. Hell, they had been sleeping next to each other weeks before Tony even knew Steve wasn’t straight.
“Are you sure, I know how I can get.”
“Yes, sweetheart?” He moved his head just enough to press another kiss to the crown of Tony’s head.
“They don’t!”
It didn’t change that his heart was beating like crazy. Or that adrenaline was making him jumpy.
He was beautiful.
“Oh, I saved you from more than just boredom.” Her expression, before that sentence had been open, almost shy. Now she looked grieve stricken, maybe even fearful.
“Steve?” Tony sounded almost lost.
Enjoy!
Steve’s heart stopped.
Looking around, Tony catalogued everything he saw. Behind the woman was a door, probably leading into an abandoned building. The room they were in was looking like a former office. Shoved into the corner was a desk and a chair. Empty shelves were leaning at the walls, some papers still lying around.
At least she hadn’t made a mess. That would have made Pepper just angrier. Instead, she had stepped out of the portal-thingy – a different thingy as Dr. Dumbledore used –, grabbed him rather forcefully and dragged him through it before he even realized what was happening.
Steve had spent six months finding the perfect ring. It had gotten so bad that Nat had threatened to kill him if he didn’t just buy a ring because
“Of course, he is in the Tower! He is my fucking boyfriend!” (Pun intended.)
“Steve, no! You know that doesn’t work with Tony!”
„No?“
“He wears the necklace
But Tony had slept without nightmares, waking up with a soft smile, pressing a light kiss over Steve’s heart, before slipping out of bed.
Tony didn’t answer. What the fuck was going on?
Then Tony tackled him, throwing both of them to the ground.
Steve sighed again. „It is, but… it’s complicated.“
Tony raised an eyebrow at that question. The woman had brown hair, grey eyes, was shorter than even Tony and looked to be in her early twenties.
The second time Tony had been in his workshop yelling at someone over the phone because apparently they had made a mistake in an equation even a third grader would know was stupid.
“It is. I’m sorry that you had to learn about it like this, but it is better than to see the video in a bunker surrounded by Rogers and Barnes.”
Steve shook his head hard. No. He was fine. They would be there in less than two minutes and he would get his Tony back.
“No.”
“The Libellschne are going to destroy-”
“Thank you, Thor, I put the ring on the necklace when he was showering to surprise him. And-“
-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-
“No! You don’t deserve any of it!”
“ATA?”
The most terrible thing right now, aside from him being kidnapped by some witch or another, was that he
“I love you, too, sweetheart. So much.”
At least he had been taken after Pepper had started the meeting, so she knew it wasn’t his fault. He was kidnapped! There were at least an 80% chance this wasn’t his fault.
Thirteen hours later Steve was pacing in their bedroom. He had tried three times to meet up with Tony today and failed spectacularly every time.
For one terrible heartbeat Steve thought Tony was attacking him.
“Yeah, heard you before. What does that mean?” Not that he didn’t believe in the Multiverse – and was thrilled to obviously have proof sitting right in front of him. If she wasn’t an escaped resident of coocoo-town.
He wouldn’t. Of course, he wouldn’t. But he wanted to.
“You… I…”
Six hours later he knew that he had been right. It was maybe the longest night he had ever to endure.
“I didn’t- I just...” She inhaled, visibly calming herself. Taking a step back, she grabbed a chair and sat down on it, facing Tony.
“Speaking of the devil!” Tony waved at Steve. “Steve, my love, tell her you actually thought I was dying again because you had forgotten about Valentine’s day!”
Not that he was seriously planning to take over the world. Even if that would mean the power vacuum would be filled and they could
“The what now?” Tony swooped to the side, firing another repulsor blast against one of the things, decapitating it-
A blush spread over Steve’s cheeks, his tense shoulders sagging. “Tony-”
“No, it’s not!” Tony growled.
Aside from that – and the casual touches, hand holding and hugs – not much had changed. Their dynamic certainly hadn’t. The way they acted around each other hadn’t. The way the team interacted with them hadn’t.
, because Steve couldn’t sleep without him anymore?
“I know, I’m sorry, I didn’t… But you have to listen to me. They are using you! They are… they don’t deserve you! They don’t appreciate you and they will betray you and Rogers will try to kill you and then leave you to die in Siberia!”
I’m very sorry but I have to put this story on hiatus for now. The ones reading the SBTS for a while know I started struggling while writing Hydra’s Revenge and now writing for SBTS feels like a chore. I stare at the page and can’t write.
Thanks to my friend Justanotherpuff for beta reading and being this patient with me.
Be careful what you wish for.
Steve knew Tony was a genius. Spending more than five minutes with him made sure anyone knew he was.
This place was practically begging Tony to light it up.
“Okay, that’s nice but aside from the fact that you will tell me everything you know about the Multiverse, and no, that is not debatable, are you sure that other Tony didn’t deserve that.”
Coming out of the bathroom he was greeted with Tony taking his shirt off.
“After Ultron-”
He didn’t see the ring.
Steve had to force himself to let Tony go when he pushed himself up. Of course, he did. But he missed his warmth the second he moved away.
! Has been wearing it for the last
Something hot and constricting spread over his body, like the suit heating up, melting to his skin and shrinking at the same time.
Steve sighed. „We aren’t engaged.“
to biting into their bed frame.
And now: enjoy!
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve snapped the pencil in two.
Using both of his hands, Tony shot the slug thing off of him, before climbing out of the noticeable dent in the asphalt.
-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-
“Sir has just been kidnapped.”
thanks to Justanotherpuff for beta reading.
“Yeah, we defeated him a while ago, nasty asshole.”
Tony had to bite down hard on his tongue to not tell her that that was mostly the part where people started to say something.
“Yeah, I got that.” Tony laughed. It sounded a little wet. But also deliriously happy.
Luca flinched. “What?”
Tony loved his kid with all he had long before this, but his weak heart had almost given out when he saw the Spiderling standing up to one of his heroes to protect Tony – not that that was necessary, of course.
have a fucking weekend off.
“Tony.”
Clint, who already held an arrow in his hand, just waiting to shoot it.
“Tony-”
“And if you don’t mind, start with a name, I assume you know mine.” He smiled at her, crookedly. He had already seen her face. A name wouldn’t make it worse, right?
“Yes, I, this is going to be… hard for you to hear, I know. I’m sorry for that. I don’t want to… I don’t want to hurt you. I mean I’m not going to hurt you, but I have to tell you and-”
I'm not that good right now, so updates might take some time.
“They were killed by Hydra. By the Winter Soldier. And Steve knows.”
When he turned towards the dresser, Steve moved, stepping behind him and was already kneeling down, when Tony slipped the necklace with dogtaggs and ring over his head, patting them, like he always did, and turned around.
Tony froze.
Instead, he had waited until Tony stumbled into the bedroom, mumbling a tired greeting, before placing the dogtaggs onto the dresser and going into the bathroom.
Maybe Tony craved the sex because he would know what to do in that situation. He often had no clue what to do when Steve was just too sweet for his own good.
“Yes.”
-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-
Please stay safe, sane and optimistic my lovelies!
Being in a relationship with Steve was… different. And it was comfortable in a way no relationship had ever been comfortable for Tony. It was deliriously new and so familiar he sometimes feared he might have imagined everything.
„I… I didn’t… ask him…“
“Or when Nat walked past him naked.”
“I… You will understand, just… okay.” She exhaled, harshly, looking up apologetic. “Your parents didn’t die in a car crash.”
“Sure, sure, but if I wanted to, like chat you up-”
“I know, you… okay, listen!”
Especially as all of them – not Dumbledore – glared at her threateningly and Steve swore that he would love and cherish Tony for as long as he was allowed. Which, Tony was not gonna lie, had him almost tearing up.
“The Mandarin?”
“What?”
Steve bit his lip. „No.“
“Shit I’m in the wrong universe.”
Blinking, he came to it. Pushing himself upward, he winced. Aside from probably
“And then he looked up and said
Out of all the screams, even over the deadly growls and screams of the Hulk, Tony heard the terror in Steve’s voice.
„Why does he wear the ring then?“ Thor asked, confused. „I was informed the ring is a symbol of love and commitment.“
The next ten minutes were the longest Steve had ever endured. Forcing himself to sit still was almost torture. His eyes looking to the ring every few seconds.
“Let’s start at the beginning again, okay?” Because by now, the Avengers must be on their way, right? Maybe Bruce could talk her down, he had this calm, understanding smile. Or would she think that
Luca gaped at him.
-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-
“Steve?”
It wasn’t a yes. But it was okay, because Tony loved him.
“What happened to only code names on the comm?” Ignoring the breathlessness of his voice, Tony let Steve help him up, even if he didn’t need it.
“The same thing as listening to my orders. It died an ungraceful death.” Steve muttered, almost lowly enough for Tony to not hear it.
“And the day started off so good-”
Steve moved lightning fast, pressing close to Tony, kissing his lips, his face, every inch of his skin.
As well as the yelled orders from his Captain. Something else that hadn’t changed since they started dating.
Tony wakes up as a cat. And is, surprisingly, not amused
tell these lies about his family!
Because up until now, they had been toying with the Avengers. Sending his
“TONY!”
Flying out of the fire breath, he came face to face with the whoever glaring furiously at him with their amethyst-coloured eyes.
“I will show you what they think of you.” It was a whisper, almost lovingly, if it hadn’t been for the sadistic happiness blooming in those eyes. “Don’t believe anything is as it seems.”
He should have just asked.
that Steve would tell him
What was he supposed to do with all the touches and kisses that were just given because Steve loved him and without any ulterior motive that he could think of? Not that he thought Steve would have any ulterior motives.
At least that time Pepper had smiled at him warmly and told him Tony would say yes the minute he would find out that Steve was trying to propose.
Clint had been even worse, telling him Tony would lose the ring anyway so buy three cheap ones.
Her face fell, pain and desperation crawling into her eyes.
“They are not doing anything! I’m happy!”
Looking up at the woman, he realized she was younger than he had originally thought, which was not very surprising, she had hidden her figure and face behind a cloak – very Hogwarts of her.
“I did.” Steve kissed him again.
“Am I mistaken or have you missed me today?”
Groaning, Luca let herself sag forward, bracing her arms on her knees and her forehead on her arms.
Which should be at least a little bit of a warning to Tony that she showed him her face right now. But then again,
As soon as he heard the shower turn on, Steve jumped out of the bed - where he had been pretending to read and not freak out for the better part of three hours.
But I WILL continue.
Then Steve would kiss him. A peck on the cheek. A butterfly kiss to his temple. A gentleman’s greeting straight out of a Jane Austen book. Or the ones he only gave Tony when they were alone. When they were in their bedroom and Steve was looming over Tony comfortingly, stealing his breath and thoughts away.
The wizard or whatever was right in his face before Tony could even move.
Sighing silently, again, Steve relaxed his muscles further, accepting that this was going to be a long night.
Thank Tesla this suit was both ice and fire resistant. It didn’t mean it didn’t get uncomfortably hot in his gold titanium alloy shell when those magical misshapes tried to barbecue him.
All of his teammates groaned.
Steve didn’t have a plan B. He had a plan if Tony said yes (cry happy tears and never let Tony go) or if he said no (hug Tony close and make sure they were okay while not crying!).
“Okay.” Tony sat back again. It seemed that other Tony had a fan. Good for him. He could have her back. Like, right now.
Dodging another fire breath shot his way, he couldn’t hold back a giddy smile. Thank fuck no one aside from Jarvis could see his face – and the AI knew Tony would actually make him work the customer complaint hotline of Hammer Tech if he
“I love you, too.”
“This is wrong! They treat you horribly and will betray you and-”
“Hey, love.” Tony walked over, pressing another kiss to Steve’s lips and Steve couldn’t stop himself, he hugged him close, deepening the kiss. When he let go, Tony was smiling up at him.
“What the fuck, Stark?” Clint growled, but before Luca could react to it, and Tony saw her getting wary, he stepped in.
The first time, Pepper’s glare had sent him running (which was the smart thing to do when Pepper Potts glared at you like that if you wanted to live. And Steve wanted to live. At least long enough to know whether or not Tony wanted to marry him).
That worked well.
„How complicated can it be?“ Bruce asked, a frown on his face.
Dodging another spell, because of course this supervillain was a witch or wizard or magic user or fuck whatever this annoying wanna-be-world-destroyer wanted to call themselves.
Tony wouldn’t lose the ring. Tony never lost anything he cared for. He was wearing Steve‘s dogtaggs for three years now and he hadn‘t even lost them when he had been fighting small kleptomaniac gremlins stark naked.
Three minutes later, Tony was laying half on Steve, already asleep while Steve fought hard to not fidget and wake his lover - who obviously needed his sleep.
About a year ago I started this series. And now it's over 380k words long :D I really don't know what happened :D
Groaning, Tony made sure Winter was still hidden from prying eyes – not that Jarvis would let any footage of Winter leak. He had been on all of their missions because he had made it
And while being on that topic: why the fuck had supervillains of all kinds and breeds, be it magical, human, superpowered, geniuses (although that label was given
“I’m in the wrong universe.” She groaned, as if hurt.
Steve was on his knees when Tony turned around.
“I’m all for not hurting me, so yeay for that.” Tony interrupted her, smiling calmingly at the distressed woman. Distressed magic using kidnappers normally weren’t a good thing. And when even Tony could recognize that, you knew it really wasn’t good.
He didn’t say it, but Tony felt like this was another good moment for a heartfelt
Then, of course the third attack had happened that week, putting his world domination plans in perspective. If he promised to not go all megalomaniac on the world, Steve might even allow it at least long enough to have a fucking weekend with each other without being called out to fight fucking interdimensional ostriches, weaponized hornets, those crap robots on Wednesday, this weird poet-guy or someone who might have been part of the Amish before deciding they were too progressive for him.
- whatever the fuck that meant - and not reacting to anything.
“Peachy. You actually saved me form a very slow and painful death by boredom.” He leaned back in his chair, crossing his legs and smiling at the woman. As long as she didn’t try to force him to work, they could be civil.
Putting all of the energy into his thrusters, he zoomed through the air, blasting one of the minions out of his way, while also recalibrating his course as Clint was already falling, his hairs slightly singed.
They had breakfast with the team who
“Tony?”
impressive bruises on at least 97% of his body, his left wrist was at least sprained.
"He is, indeed."
"You could never push me away, Tony," Steve chastised lightly. "Why didn't you talk to me?"
Loki glanced down at Peter's wide eyed wonderment. To the shock of everyone, including himself, Loki removed his helmet and gently placed it on Peter's head. The front of the helm dropped down beneath Peter's eyes, both his hands coming up to grab the horns to keep it in place.
Locking down the lab, Tony fired up his systems and got to work on his newest project.
Steve sighed and walked Tony into the elevator, watching the billionaire breath heavily against the wall.
They'd danced around one another for years even before Peter came into their lives. Everyone who worked with the team or with SHIELD knew that Ironman and Captain America came as a set duo. If you wanted one, you would get the other as well. They refused to be separated from each other both on and off the battlefield.
Tony moaned dramatically, fanning himself like a drama queen.
that for a fact now," Tony trailed off. "I just...I didn't wanna ruin what we had by coming off too forward. I thought that if you wanted to, you would make that step for us both."
"Whatever you want, Tones."
"Seriously? Don't mess with me, Jay, just so I'll feel better!"
Tony smirked, "Even Cap."
Steve rolled his eyes, hoping they were only joking.
in that picture?"
"Brucie-Bear, you're late to the party." Tony motioned for Bruce to come closer, gesturing to a wide-eyed Peter sitting at the table. "Bruce, this is Peter Parker. Our friendly neighborhood Spiderman."
"Peter, come down from there."
Tony smirked, imagining the sight of a couple soldiers sneaking off for some alone time. "Well, when you put it like that."
We get to see some Spidey action!
Ever since he'd left the tower, Steve had been a bit edgy. He wasn't used to being alone anymore. His morning should start with a quick work out run, making coffee for his grumpy genius and making breakfast for his kid before school. Waking up on the uncomfortable bunk in the jet was
"Director Fury?"
"You're---like a freaking koala---with cerebral palsy!" Tony cried, finally balancing himself with Peter crawling on him.
After winding down for a couple hours and cleaning up, Tony felt human again once he had showered and retired his suit. JARVIS had already begun running the normal diagnostics and claimed he detected a mild anomaly, nothing that couldn't be fixed but it meant hours of computer programming in the near future.
"Then you're not really a Doctor."
Steve clenched his hands at his sides and had to refrain from hitting himself, feeling utterly foolish for slipping up. How was he supposed to explain himself without making himself look like a selfish jackass? Of course he knew Tony loved him, just like Tony knew Steve loved him. It was an unspoken thing between them all as a team.
"This can not be Spiderman."
"Thanks, J."
"Gotcha! I'll be down in a minute, JARVIS." Tony closed his laptop down and quickly began to gather up his things.
Due to his fame and acclimation for publicity, Tony was always the one who would have to cover press interviews about new heroes.
"Are you gonna stay out of trouble while I'm gone?" Steve asked with a smirk, hoping to get one last rile out of Tony.
While the fire fighters continued to take care Sandman, Steve watched Spiderman walk over to him, practically bouncing on his feet.
"Exactly."
"Yeah, I seen that. Tumblr is going crazy too."
Peter watched them quietly, intrigued by the affectionate gesture and wondered if it was a social thing on Asgard or if it was between only the brothers. He didn't want to intrude on the tender moment.
"I was waiting for
"And don't go past the bridge!"
"That's exactly what I said!"
Sipping on his coffee, Tony continued to read over the news articles. They all deemed Spiderman a good person, the famed masked hero, most of his deeds congregating around Queens. If Tony were to guess, he'd say that Spiderman lived there. He'd already had JARVIS add some crucial details to his study of Spiderman, trying to narrow down their options.
"Who was that again? A certain
Music poured from the speakers on Tony's work bench, Dum-E and U were gathering tools up and said dark haired genius was digging through a machine, tossing parts this way and that. When Tony heard the doors open he looked up sharply.
Steve smirked, bending lower to kiss his genius all over his face, Tony dissolving into laughter as he was swiftly lifted off the ground. Steve kept his hands firmly tucked under Tony's thighs and walked them over to the couch, falling together in a tangle of limbs.
"Your son's at the door," Tony groaned while snuggling back down against Steve's warm chest. He was too tired to move or get up. Petey could wait.
Steve pushed down his mild laughter and got to work getting the latches undone. It took only a few seconds to pull Tony from the dead metal, the billionaire cradling his arm to his chest in pain. Seeing that Tony was actually out of the suit, Steve couldn't help but reach out and feel the outline of the arc reactor for himself, seeing the soft blue light put him at ease.
"I guess a small part of me knew that," Tony mumbled, feeling sheepish. Steve smirked and brushed his thumbs along Tony's hip line.
Thinking quickly, he took out his comm-link and handed it to Peter so he could talk to Tones for a minute. The second Peter heard his Dad's voice he visibly calmed down.
"Yeah," Steve mumbled, watching Tony putter around the room looking for his jacket and phone.
Bruce felt his own heart drop when he heard that, knowing Fury must have done something to Peter. The Hulk started screaming inside his head. Before he could question Tony further, the billionaire was already running out the door with his phone in hand.
"Speak of the little Devil....Hey, Pete. Did you and Ned get to---what? Honey, slow down. What happened?"
Peter took off back into the air, swinging up above the street to fire more webs at Doom. Steve filled in Thor on the plan, they just had to wait for an opening.
"Yeah!" Steve ducked and dulled out a sharp upper cut against his current opponent, but then another guy jumped onto his back to try and get him in a choke hold. "The pap-
is going to 'make him soft'," Steve growled, daring the agent to argue his case.
"Even when your old man lived through that era?" Steve teased him with a smirk.
"Eh," Tony shrugged. "Nothing a little psychological placebo affect can't fix, right? I can pretend."
Steve worked quickly and soon had pancakes cooking away on the stove top, carefully picking out blueberries to use, glancing over at Tony every now and then as the genius read over something on the tablet screen. It was nice to just watch Tony work quietly. It showed off a side of the billionaire that no one else got to see, the soft side of Tony that only emerged in the solitude of their home.
"Tony," Steve spoke up suddenly, lowering his paper again with an uneasy look. "Was he wearing his Spiderman suit under his hoodie?"
"Hold still," he demanded softly, picking up the stack of paper to draw on.
"Alright," Steve yielded. "Ironman, Thor, we need Sandman to come back towards the firetrucks. Spiderman has a plan to bring him down for good."
"Peter Parker, who dis'?"
Why did he have to fuck up now?
Peter didn't last very long, sliding down the couch to pillow against Steve's thigh with a heavy sigh. He'd munched down a sandwich and a glass of milk before crashing on the couch. The opening credits had hardly finished before his eyes began to close.
need medical attention," Steve ordered sternly, glaring mildly at Tony who's arm wasn't finished yet. "Back to the jet with you."
Steve shifted one of his arms under Peter's curled legs, hardly even feeling the weight of his kid against him, looking over at Tony for help. It hadn't occurred to him that this would be the first time he'd gone off on a mission without the team since Peter came into their lives.
"I assume you have an opinion on this matter, Rogers?" Fury asked, annoyed by the whole turn of events.
"Umm...Mr. Thor? It's Spider-
SHIELD had not only discovered video footage of Hydra's secret experiments, but they also found evidence of an unsolved case.  A case Fury was familiar with, one that he didn't believe was true.
In case it wasn't obvious, I was totally watching Deadpool 2 when I wrote this...
The brothers soon stepped apart and Loki turned to smile at Peter, "Farewell, my friend."
Grabbing his bag, Steve wondered for the thousandth time if he should just bite the bullet and talk to Tones.
It was the morning after the fight against Sandman and the news stream was going insane over the coverage. Fury had called them and demanded to know why Spiderman had joined the battle, asking them questions about the masked hero.
, a small fried cake of sweetened dough with icing, or a sweet filling. Try one?" Steve offered one of the glazed ones to the thunderer. "This one just has a glaze on it, see if you like it."
Maybe it was a God thing?
"To talk."
"About time, Nicky. Thought I was gonna have to pay a poor barista a hundred bucks just to stay awake," Tony sniggered.
It was too damn quiet without the thunderer around to liven things up. They were all used to hearing boisterous laughter from the Norse God filling the silence. Needless to say, Tony was extremely happy when Thor returned in a flurry of wind and light out on the balcony of the tower.
"If that is not enough incentive for you, try this. If SHIELD continues to harass my son, you will lose any and all Stark related tech you have at your disposal. Which means you lose Ironman."
"Of course."
Tony smiled innocently and refilled his coffee mug, smirking when he noticed it was one of the Captain America mugs he'd bought as a joke for Steve.
Clint narrowed his eyes at the screen and asked, "Does Strange remind you of that Benedryl Cabbage---"
Steve burrowed further into the couch, "Before sunrise he's
The first time Steve openly witnessed Tony's deep seated affection with another male was when Rhodey came to visit.
"WHAT?"
(See the end of the chapter for
The source of Steve's current agitation?
"So cool!"
Tony was already heading towards the elevator with his phone out, waving to them over his shoulder without a second glance backwards.
"What are your thoughts on molecular engineering?" Tony asked suddenly, crossing his arms.
"Maybe I should tail him?"
Spiderman?" Steve teased him, grinning.
He'd have a talk with SHIELD and Fury. He would make it clear that he was not interested in solo missions like this, not anymore. He was no longer just Captain America, the countries favorite soldier, God's righteous man. He was just a man...a man with his own life.
He would
"JARVIS, find Steve. Now!"
A young hero who could help them at the moment.
"Where's Tony?" Steve asked, wondering where his friend was. It wasn't like Tony to skip out on doughnuts.
"The good Captain is correct, Tony. Though in your defense, all midguardians are tiny in comparison to me," Thor grinned.
Did Fury send agents after him?
With a whirl of wind, Tony landed down beside them with a heavy
"Aye, the cream of Bavaria."
"What's goin' on in that head of yours, Cap?"
During a stand off with Doom, Loki decides to join in on the party!
"It's bad enough that you made me watch that movie but are you really going to make that joke every time I draw you?"
Steve and Tony jumped apart in surprise as Peter appeared out of nowhere, running onto the open jet in a frantic rush. Steve barely had time to steady himself as Pete lept into the air towards him.
"I am
"Don't tell me how to live my life," Clint grumbled.
I am so sorry this took longer than expected! I have no good excuses except that I have been stuck with writers block and no matter how hard I knock the blocks down, they rebuild themselves...
And for the life of him, Steve could never figure out why.
Peter Parker was safe.
"As much as I love that ginger haired, British cinnamon roll, I must confess that I have hung up my Hiddlestoner shoes. It just feels too weird to fan out over an actor that bears a
Tugging his hoodie on, Peter grabbed his phone from his desk and headed for the stairs. He could smell the scent of Italian wafting around the house and wondered if May had made spaghetti or lasagna. Hoping down the steps with a pep in his step, he rounded the corner to the living room with a smile.
"Clint, it's your turn to give the pep talk." Tony finished making his adjustments
Pete seemed to think it over, snuggling harder. He still refused to let go.
Tony and Steve stopped short, looked at each other, then looked at their son, then back at each other.
"Doom is above such trivial things as degrees. For there is nothing any college could teach that Doom does not already know."
"Fury did
When Steve went to get ready, Tony followed behind him with a fresh cup of energy, still chattering away about how the whole mission was trouble. It was a bit flawed, Steve would admit, but they couldn't argue with Fury on this one.
Tony turned to Loki and Thor, his gaze landing on the God of mischief. To everyone's shock, the dark haired genius threw his arms around Loki's waist, clinging to the Norse God tightly!
"Promise."
Ironman was Captain Americas first line of defense, his back-up and closest teammate. They always had each others backs, so to go into battle without the other was hard.
"Alba gu bra!" Clint cried over the comms, firing off more arrows.
to be Brooklyn..." Steve sighed, jumping over another car that Sandman hurled at him.
Tony pulled against the arms holding him back, "You try that and I'll drop the fucking Helicarrier into the Atlantic,
Bruce and Thor got the most attention from Peter next to Cap. The kid couldn't stop talking science with Bruce and fanboying over Thor because
If you think Steve was unhappy with the sudden turn of events, Tony's annoyance was
After swiftly catching his hyper child, Steve managed to corral his tired family upstairs to the couch, grabbing a quick snack before letting Tony and Peter cuddle up against him. They settled down together and turned on Wall-E to watch.
"It's nice to finally meet the friendly neighborhood Spiderman."
"Hurry up and come up with a plan, Cap! He's getting too close to my doughnuts for comfort!" Tony cried, watching Sandman edge closer and closer to his preferred doughnut shop, Crispey Creamy, located down the street and right in the path of the super villain. There was a police block-aid set up to try and stop Sandman, but they all knew it would do little to stop the maniac.
"Tony?"
"I apologize, brother. Doom has been a rather persistent threat, as of late."
He clinked his coffee mug with Clint, sharing a cheesy smile with the archer.
"Will you be home tonight?" Tony asked slyly, smirking as Peter's face went from blushing to scarlet red.
"Hard left, Tones!" Steve commanded. "Thor, hard right!"
Tony had slumped against Steve's chest, mumbling, "Yeah...you were gone
"DON'T GO!" Peter cried loudly, flinging himself onto Steve's chest like a demented octopus!
"JARVIS? Bring up every news report circulating that includes Spiderman."
It was a fairly normal morning for the whole team, but no one would be prepared for how the day would end...
"Got your cell?" Tony asked too, leaning back to give Pete a squeeze and a quick kiss on his cheek.
Steve was cooking breakfast, as usual, working diligently around the kitchen while music played quietly from the speakers set up on the counter. After Tony found out the super soldier liked to listen to music while he cooked, the genius had set up a small Bluetooth stereo system in the kitchen, teasing Steve for his taste in music.
are beneath me...then where does that leave you, Victor?"
"Now you're just trying to make me feel better."
And his whole life was sleeping against him.
However, the files found on the hard-drive Widow retrieved were far more disturbing...
heavier than it looks!" Peter cried in astonishment, the weight of the golden helm pressing down on his head. "It's like 40 pounds!"
"Once Sandman is close enough, tell Ironman and Thor to evade to the sidelines. On my signal, spray Sandman with every hose we've got!" Spiderman explained, readying the fire fighters.
"Telling you," Pete said seriously. He couldn't help it if he was a little nervous. It wasn't like one of his heroes was sitting in front of him or anything! The billionaire stared at him for a few moments, as though he were studying him.
"Loki, what are you doing here?" Thor asked as he landed heavily beside Peter and Loki.
"Don't worry, Peter will most likely be spending quite a bit of time around here in the near future," Tony stated. "That was one of the biggest reasons I brought him over today."
"Not well," Thor winced slightly. If he recalled the conversation, Loki had been extremely vexed and claimed Doom was an antagonistic, deranged tyrant. From Loki described, Doom merely wanted access to Loki's magic and knowledge, something the God of mischief would never allow.
"You're sure this will taste of strawberries? I see no fruit."
Natasha tapped the box beside her, "Right here, Tony. I saved the last strawberry one for you."
"Let him go," he ordered roughly, watching the agents glance over at Fury for orders and that only pissed him off more. "Let. Him. Go. Or I will force you."
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose with a sigh, "See, that's
"Come on, Shellhead. Let's go home."
"Hey, what's fo--
"I haven't slept in 57 hours and it's been 32 hours since my last meal that didn't include Redbull, but it's okay 'cause I can hear colors and smell sounds! This is what it's like to ascend to Godhood!" Pete exclaimed loudly, shooting out another web.
"No 'hank 'ou." Peter's voice was muffled around the mouthful of fluffy waffles he'd stuffed himself with. If anyone was keeping track, he was now on waffle number eleven.
"Aye."
"A respectable field to strive for," Tony smirked.
Tony seemed to calm down when he saw Peter, the tense feeling in his shoulders loosening as Steve let go of him. He sighed deeply, nodding in agreement.
Steve watched Tony slam into the pavement, fear fueling his movement towards his best friend. He reached for his comm-link while shoving his way through Doom's bots.
"I'm bringin' the party to you guys!" Tony related loudly over the comms, rounding the corner with an angry Sandman rushing after him, Thor's bolts of lightning chasing them down the street.
Tony remained the same, keeping his target in sight. "This is bigger than us, Cap. This is bigger than rules...this is
Tony was bombarded by hundreds, if not thousands, of photos all revolving around Spiderman. From candid shots taken by fans to excellent shots from journalists, they all included the masked hero. What Tony was concerned about was the reasoning behind SHIELD's sudden interest.
Peter didn't even register the second person in the room, he was too busy excitedly telling Mr. Stark about his discoveries.
Steve took care of the military side while Tony took care of the science field that was interested in Peter, including Oscorp, and Natasha made her case against SHIELD for the final time.
"But it's not a
Loki glanced at the destruction around him, the lifeless robots picked apart by his own magic, the perfect attestation for Doom's destitution of victory. The tyrant would not win against the Avengers without the use of technology.
Giving one last soft brush of lips against the genius' head, Steve turned and boarded the jet. He tried to breath easy, taking his seat beside Natasha at the front, securing himself in. From the front window he watched Tony move to stand in the doorway of the tower, watching them take off. The dusk of sunrise cast a dim glow over the roof of the tower, a lovely morning had it not been for the unwanted circumstances.
"Alright," Tony smirked, cracking his knuckles. "Let's get to wo--is he seriously
"I just want to know what Fury's deal is. Why is he so interested in this information?" Tony babbled, sitting down on the bed.
"What?"
Hence, explosions going off, people getting injured in the crossfire, a very pissed off super villain threatening the lives of world leaders and the Avengers getting called in to put a stop to it all. News vans from every major channel were already present at the scene.
"But...I just wanna be like you, Mister Stark," Peter expressed, harrowing. The look of pure adoration in his eyes was adorable, enough to make the billionaires heart melt.
"Dad, watch Game of Thrones with me," he insisted happily, waving the box-set of DVD's at them.
"What'd you do?"
The science bros working to create a better future.
"Just read The Grapes of Wrath, doll. That should give you the inside visual you're looking for."
"Umm, Mr. Rogers, Sir? Y-you know I can hear you, right?" Peter asked quietly, looking between the two super heroes. He didn't want to seem rude but it felt a little strange to have two of his models arguing over him while he was standing between them.
"There's plenty for everyone, and how many times do we have to talk about the air-vents? Stop traveling through the tower through the vents and just use a door!" Steve scolded, watching Barton forage through the boxes to find the jelly filled sweets.
Steve smirked at him, lowering his paper down. "You knew it would happen at some point, Tones."
"Stark, unless you calm down I will have you escorted off the premises," Fury declared stonily. He had expected Stark to be upset but this was a bit much.
Loki was planning on joining in on the fun when he felt a gentle tugging sensation on his cape, turning around to find the young boy looking up at him with a shy wave.
Tony brought up the file and read over the medical report first. JARVIS was able to do a full scan on Spiderman when the young hero fought with the team against Sandman, taking readings from Ironman's mask as data. Using voice recognition and an advanced database for civilians based in New York, specifically Queens, JARVIS was able to get possibilities on the face behind Spiderman and then cross reference those possibilities with Spiderman's physical attributes.
Now if he could only
"Yep! Cap can fight bad guys, cook like a pro, even does his own laundry. Perfect husband material."
anyway?
"Oh for fucks sa--come'ere."
It was pointless to try and stop Tony. The man of iron was dead set on charging in full force to get a piece of Sandman for himself.
Thor picked one of the iced ones and bit into it, licking the icing from his lips with a look of awe, "Fascinating."
Tony continued to scream at Fury, fighting against the agents holding him back away from the director. His insults turned into violent threats about what he would do if SHIELD came anywhere near his kid.
"Sorry," Steve shook his head. "Ummm, is that...normal for them?"
"He's too young!"
"Tony, honey, you
"Can we watch The Little Mermaid?" he mumbled.
With a sly shrug, Loki gave the Latverian ruler a wink. "My predilection for mischief and mayhem knows no bounds."
Thoughts so far? I'm sorry it wasn't better, but I wanted to get it out of the way so we can move on!
Spiderman: ...considering you just blabbed that information, I'd say quite a few...
After the whole SHIELD fiasco, it was safe to say that they were all a little worried for Peter's next patrol...
For whatever reason, Thor had been forced to return to Asgard for a few weeks by Odin's command. Knowing he must heed the Allfather's call, Thor left with haste, leaving before anyone could properly say goodbye.
"Already made you some. JARVIS told me you were headed up from the bat cave," Bruce smirked, pointing to a fresh cup of steaming coffee sitting beside the coffee maker.
"Count yourself lucky you don't speak Italian..." Bruce groaned, covering his face with a pillow.
Apologies for any mistakes. I'm trying to get these chapters done as fast as possible for you guys. Read and Review, let me know what you guys think and as always, Thanks for reading!
"I don't either, but you've gotta calm down, Tony." Steve reached up to feel Tony's pulse.
If Tony Stark wanted to hug someone then he would, sometimes to the point of causing pain in the ribs. There was no time for dismissive side-hugs or uninterested handshakes. Life was too short for that and Tony despised pseudo kindliness.
"It's been too long since you've gone solo...what if you make a mistake because you think I'm watching you like always?"
Between the two Gods and a teen who craved sugar, the doughnuts didn't last very long. The team was soon digging in on the food that was ordered. An array of different choices laid out in the kitchen for everyone to choose from.
"And when you two start speaking a different language I know to bounce, I'm out!" Peter cried, throwing his hands up as he backed up towards the door for a quick escape. "I really don't need to see you two making heart eyes at each other, wait for me to leave at least!"
"Barton, you throw one more paper ball at me and I'm gonna lose it," he grouched at Clint who smirked right back.
While Steve tried to come up with a plan to defeat Sandman, one that didn't involve lethal force, he failed to notice a certain webbed hero land behind him. A timid tap on the shoulder had Steve turning around swiftly, surprise filling him when he looked down to find the famed Spiderman waving at him.
"April of 1931 is when they finished the Empire State building. Roosevelt was elected in '32."
"Obviously."
The second Tony's gaze fell on the I.D that popped up on the screen, the coffee cup fell from his hand and shattered on the floor...
"That's the exact opposite of what they're meant for, Tony!"
"I love the smell of fandoms," Tony proclaimed dramatically. "Smells like emotional trauma."
A flourish of red and blue flew up to the screen, focusing in on the mask of the person caught on the camera.
Tony busted out laughing while Steve looked scandalized.
"JARVIS? Can you call the team together? I brought fresh pastries from that little cafe down the block for everyone."
"I called it, so it's mine!" Clint yelled while hovering over one of the boxes.
"Tones, you know they can't touch him." Steve tried to be reassuring, he knew that the genius was close to having a panic attack.
"Technically, I'm going to watch Nat's back."
Peter looked up in confusion to find himself face to face with a dark, green cape.
"I don't buy it," Tony grumbled. His eyes roamed up to where Steve was standing, shirtless, digging through his hangers. The blond ended up grabbing a plain black undershirt to wear beneath his suit. Disguarding his sleep pants, Steve caught his stealth suit pants as Tony flung them at him, slipping them on.
He'd feel safer knowing Spiderman was with them rather than SHIELD, anyway...
Doom? What is your PhD in again?"
Two agents took a stance in front of Fury, blocking him from Tony's advances just in case. They had their hands at their belts, ready to draw a firearm on the genius.
"Steven!"
"Nope. Brobdingnagian biceps aside, it's your nouvelle cuisine that keeps you in my good graces. Who else would make me pancakes if I didn't have you?"
"T-Thank you, Mr. Star--I mean, Ironman!" Spiderman stuttered quickly, correcting himself.
Had something happened?
long," he whispered sleepily.
They still had injured civilians that needed to be evacuated before things got worse.
"I'm craving some brunch. Would my loving Captain be so kind as to make me blueberry pancakes?" Tony asked sweetly, going as far as to bat his eyelashes like a dork. He knew all the best ways to get the super soldier to bend to his will.
Tony thought, hoping JARVIS would be finished with his evaluation of Spiderman quickly.
"DAD!"
Bruce looked up from his work when he heard Tony gasp, holding his palms up to silently ask what was wrong.
It had been amazing fighting side by side with the Avengers, don't get him wrong, but it had also been a bit insane for him. Being next to his childhood heroes, giving orders to them even, he'd had to go home immediately after and lie down, but only after calling May to tell her all about it!
"Yep. Apparently the latest scoop is that Tony and Stephan Strange are the new Avengers power couple. And I have to listen to this ridiculous babble." Pepper threw Tony a glare, knowing that the genius was enjoying the drama in his own way.
Before Tony could speak again, they all heard the elevator doors opening up.
Steve sighed heavily and quickened his pace over to the fray. The second Pete caught sight of him, the webbed hero shot a web right onto Doom's face to distract him, landing over beside the Captain.
The first time Steve saw Tony kiss another person, specifically another male, was when Rhodey had visited and brought Tony Starbucks. The genius had practically squealed in delight before pecking Rhodes smack on the lips. After witnessing this, Steve had briefly wondered if there was something more to the relationship between the two men, but Bruce had been quick to inform him that it was just something Tony did. Steve knew all about Tony's heritage and knew that it was common in Italy as a greeting, but he quickly realized that Tony seemed to grace everyone with his special kisses except Steve himself.
Tony and Thor did as instructed, skirting out of the way to avoid the hoses. Thankfully, Sandman didn't seem to understand the trap that had been laid for him until it was too late. The water was turned on and every hose aimed at the villain shot to life, drenching the man. The sand he tried to send out as a barrier was quickly drowned out, falling to the ground in a thick sludge.
"Honey...you're bleeding."
It's simply intelligence you want for SHIELD. Last time I checked, SHIELD was tasked with maintaining threats both national and global."
The team had been assembled out to handle an emergency call from the police force, claiming there was a super villain roaming the streets of Northern Brooklyn and that they were desperate for back-up. Naturally, the Avengers arrived to find said super villain, who called himself Sandman, indeed terrorizing citizens and destroying buildings...for whatever reason.
The team had been called in early that morning to respond to another attack by Doom. The dictator was back at it again. His latest scheme? Publicly announcing his plan to force the United Nations to heed his demands for Latveria's expansion into new regions.
"Promise?" Tony mumbled, keeping a firm grip around Steve's waist.
By the time the day had ended and the sun began to set along the horizon, Loki informed his young admirer that he had to go, much to Peter's disappointment. The teen had asked probably one thousand questions to the God, and Loki answered each and every one of them. It was obvious that the trickster enjoyed Peter's company.
"Who's the date with?" Clint asked, dropping down beside Tony and Bruce.
"Do you not love me?" Steve asked suddenly, looking just as shocked as Tony that he'd asked such as thing. Tony stopped what he was doing to look over at Steve, seeing the conflicted look in those ocean blue eyes.
"You're bossy..."
Do you wanna call Pete and see if he wants to come with us? He's been studying like crazy for his finals and I can guarantee you he hasn't had any actual food besides energy drinks," Tony shook his head fondly, looking up at Steve who was still silent and frowned slightly. "What's wrong?"
It didn't pass...
"Enough of your insolence!"
Nat just smirked at him, pouring herself a cup of coffee, "Sharing is caring,
"Mm-mm, Sp-er-mamm," he tried to say around his chipmunk cheeks.
"I had some lunch earlier."
"Because you know me so well."
Biting his lip, he knew Peter would be just as put out as Tones.
"You are quite young to be on a battlefield. Why are you fighting with the Avengers of Midgard?" the God asked, keeping Peter shielded.
Peter wouldn't have it, clinging even tighter to Steve's shoulders as he koala'd himself around his Pops. He'd web himself to Steve if he had to!
"Have you met me?" Tony joked with a humorless laugh. "I'm a walking disaster, Steve."
"Seriously? You're the most advanced A.I on the planet, give me somethin', buddy!"
"We're following Spiderman's lead on this one. Let's hope it works," Steve exhaled heavily, watching Spiderman talk to the fire fighters. Whatever the webbed hero was saying seemed to work because the fire fighters soon assembled into formation, gathering all the hoses to have at the ready.
Meanwhile, at SHIELD...
The kiss slowly came to an end when they were forced to break for air. Tony could feel his knees wobbling, Steve's strong arms around him were all that kept him from sliding to the floor in puddle.
"Peter Parker is a child. He is not a soldier for you to use. He is not a piece on the chessboard, and I will not stand by and watch you or your agents try to bully him into working for SHIELD or any other organization he doesn't want to be a part of. Is that clear?"
Steve rushed over and pulled Tony away from the machine, fearing Tony's safety since he had no idea what it was the genius was working on, but he was pretty sure it wasn't supposed to be glowing.
Bruce was the first to discover this by bringing a sleep deprived Tony a fresh cup of coffee. Tony gave him a quick peck on the cheek in thanks before shuffling off.
Next was Thor. The god had returned from Asgard after being away for a few weeks and Tony had been the first to greet him back, pecking him on the lips happily. Thor had been ecstatic, claiming that in Asgard it was a sign of true friendship or love to greet a fellow brother in such a way. Soon enough it became routine for Tony to greet Thor this way.
Thor smiled, leaning his head down to touch their foreheads together, brushing their noses together gently.
Tony sighed and flopped against the back of the couch, "I just want him to come back home..."
"Mission report," Fury said simply, grabbing his folder and opening it to show surveillance photos of the teams last battle against Doom. "I want to know what happened last week with Doom, what went wrong, and can someone please explain to me how that maniac managed to vanish into thin air?"
With a shimmer of golden magic, the trickster vanished from sight.
"You're getting all emotional on me, it's
"You're damn right we're keepin' him."
"Are we okay now?" Steve asked softly, hoping there was no more confusion between them.
"Dammit, Tones! Do not escalate the situation!"
"Latveria's prosperity," Doom stated simply. With a wave of his hand, the Doom-Bots began their assault against the heroes.
Peter knew that it was high praise coming from Tony Stark. It was still difficult to believe he was even talking to the man, let alone watching him cook dinner.
"He always wears a mask in front of a news camera, dude." Clint took a sip of his coffee, foregoing a cup and just taking the whole pot.
To his surprise, Bruce was also in the kitchen making himself some breakfast. The other scientist had been locked away in the Hulk room for the last week or so, working quietly away from everyone else. It bothered Tony that he couldn't give Bruce the comfort he deserved, but they all knew there was no way to reverse the affects of the gamma radiation. The Hulk would always be there, a constant threat in the back of Bruce's mind, but Tony would give just about anything to have that burden thrust onto someone else.
"I must decline, little one. Perhaps another time," Loki smirked.
Steve smiled at Tony's outburst, knowing his best friend was bone tired and running on fumes, just like he was. Hopefully Tony would be in a better mood after having some coffee when they got home.
Spiderman was, well, that was a whole shitstorm in and of itself...
"Clint, give me one of those," he gestured to the small stack of paper beside the archer. Clint slid a few across the table to him, never once taking his eyes off his newest football projectile.
Steve glanced down at the genius in disapproval, silently raising an eyebrow at him.
True to his word, Steve made waffles for breakfast with a healthy side of bacon for the carnivores.
"You'd have JARVIS order you take-out."
Spiderman has officially joined the party!
Pete swallowed his bite thickly, a little embarrassed, mumbling, "...I'm S-Spiderman."
"Didn't Fury say something about Hydra being involved? What if there are Nazi's?"
"Nat's out for SHIELD. Thor and Clint are upstairs, I think."
"How old...do I look?" Spiderman replied slyly, evading the question.
The dark haired genius still hadn't heard them come in, too engrossed with his work. Steve watched Peter slowly sneak up behind Tony, grinning mischievously, using his power of stealth to creep closer.
"And when was that?"
Going off on an unknown mission was no different.
"You know this is actually a treat for me. Cap never lets me cook," Tony grumbled lightly as he layered fresh pasta sauce over the lasagna noodles.
The billionaire was practically vibrating from lack of sleep and an apparent overload of caffeine while Peter was hanging from the ceiling, upside down, writing notes in a notebook, looking just as strung out as Tony.
"I'm good, we're just gettin' street tacos!" Peter exclaimed, still blushing madly. He was clearly very nervous about his date and wanted to get out of the tower.
"So I've heard."
"Where is everyone else?"
Knowing he would only agitate himself further, Steve glanced at the clock on the wall to check the time. He and Tony were going out for lunch together, just the two of them like they always did unless other plans were made. Tony had been dying to go down to the small hole-in-the-wall diner he loved so much, they had the best burgers. He had roughly half an hour before lunch, might as well grab a shower and get ready.
face Tony made. They all knew that Tony was not a fan of tea...at all.
"You'll tell me if you find anything big, secretive and mind-blowing?" Tony smirked, latching the belt.
"Right away, Sir. Would you like me to include video feed as well?"
"It's nothing, forget I said anything, I'm being an idiot," Steve started while backing up towards the door, wishing he'd just kept his mouth shut. "We'll call Peter and go eat at that diner on 12th you love so much."
"Don't let him steal all the goods, Cap!" Clint exclaimed, dropping down from the ceiling!
Turning to Tony, Steve wrapped his arms around him in a tight hug, trying to ignore the ache in his chest when Tony quietly sniffed.
"Peter is my new intern at Stark Industries. This kid's got a mind like Brucie Bear and yours truly."
"Don't tease him, Tones," Steve admonished softly, sharing a smile with Tony.
Clint gasped, glaring up at Hulk. "You take that back..."
"Why are we here, Fury?" Bruce asked
"Hey, come on don't shut down like that. Emotional constipation is supposed to be my thing remember?"
"Yeah, I do..."
Fury stared down at his laptop with narrowed eyes, watching the video footage play on a loop. The data that Cap and Widow had retrieved had taken months to crack, every file coded to protect itself from being hacked. Even the best hackers at SHIELD had found it difficult to access the files Natasha found in Zemo's lab. The paper files were all in different languages, once again, coded to keep outsiders from accessing the information.
Steve can see that spark in Tony's eyes every time Peter does something amazing, whether it be on the field or in the lab. Even as young as Peter was, he never ceased to amaze them. They all agreed that Peter could stick to night patrols and help the team if the threat was great enough, but they just wanted Peter to be a kid. Tony wanted him to focus on school and go to college. Steve made sure Peter stayed up on his training to stay safe and agreed with Tony on Peter's focus to finish school. The rest of the team helped to protect the kid and just keep his life as
Tony and Steve make it very clear what they think about SHIELD, and Fury, trying to get Peter on their side...
"Am not, Thor is freakishly tall. You're just short."
It soon becomes apparent that they all agree, Peter will be the best of them all when he grows up.
Turning to one another, they just shrugged and continued on towards the kitchen.
the tyrant growled.
"He's okay, Peter. He's back on the jet with Bruce."
"What were you working on anyway?" Steve asked lightly, scouring the cabinets for a bowl.
Okay, bit of a time skip. Peter has been with the team for awhile now so keep that in mind!
Literally, they had a kid together. Tony had finalized the adoption for Peter months ago that officially stated Steven Grant Rogers and Anthony Edward Stark were parents.
Pete asked, confused.
"Here, birdbrain. Since I love you
"Your son's at the door," Tony groaned while snuggling back down against Steve's warm chest.
"Do you want to call Peter and see if he's hungry? I know he's got his history test tomorrow but the kid's been studying non-stop for hours on end and I swear if he downs anymore energy drinks he's gonna have a heart attc--"
