Don leds the group, as he always does, with Z and Murray five meters back in a triangle formation. Bauza and John bring up the rear, keeping a weathered eye on the road behind them.
John nods, “Right, like the Hudson River. It has all three; size, age, and importance. Which is why it is controlled by a Guardian.”
Sherlock holds up his phone. “Moriarty sent me a text. Asked me to come and play. Lestrade wants us at the yard.”
“Mr. Holmes, Dr. Watson,” Angelo greets them as enthusiastically as ever, pulling Sherlock into a bone-crushing hug that makes the detective look very uncomfortable. “I made my nonna’s bolognese sauce for special tonight. It is the very best Mr. Holmes, it might even put some meat on your bones,” Angelo puts his arm around Sherlock’s shoulder and gives him a friendly shake before finally releasing him.
John doesn’t flinch, but he can only imagine the look on his face.
Why does everything I write end up needing more build up then I ever intend?
Sherlock knows not to show fear, that it would only encourage the bully, but his violin was the last gift Mummy had given to him before the crash. Not only was it a reminder of a better life, but it was a source of income that Mycroft and he desperately needed. “You're right, I should have, why don’t you take my earnings,” Sherlock suggested, pointing at the open case. Mycroft always claimed he had no tack, but Sherlock knew how to employ diplomacy when absolutely necessary.
“Do you want to hear about the case?” He asks, shifting Sherlock’s legs so he can actually sit on his own couch.
Sherlock nods, smirking. “Just as I thought. They were masochists.”
The deductions gathered where the same as last time, calluses and build showing military service. No obvious tan lines to show time spent in Iraq or Afghanistan, but he suspected the man had been deployed abroad. The man’s accent was central London, but that could be faked.
(See the end of the chapter for
The first time John woke, his mind was mush. He felt like was floating out of his body, like the pain in his shoulder belonged to someone else.  His vision wasn’t working quite right either. He could only see a vague shape of someone standing over him. “Sherlock,” he called, voice harsh, god he needed water.
He only notices John because of the sharp tug at the back of his mind. There is a large cage in the middle of the lab that he remembers from their tour earlier. He can just barely make out John curled in the center of the cage with his jacket tied around his arm, he’s been bitten. The knowledge that the poison currently blackening his own mark is now affecting John, burns through him.
Jim didn’t look skeptical, if fact, his entire visage was hard to read.
It was a good haul. John put the apple in his pouch and ate the cheese in large bites as he walked. He shared a breadstick with the homeless woman, Carol,  in Hyde Park. She was at least sixty and had been staying in the park for over ten years. Her Daemon is a handsome snowy owl named Sage, who spends most of his time sleeping on her shoulder. Carol used to be a college English teacher and John enjoys arguing over the daily crossword with her.
“They have his body and his soul. The General always had a gift for necromancy, for control,” she hisses, teeth clenched as if in pain.
Sherlock bristles. “I am not a child, I certainly do not need to be coddled Detective. I can make my way home without issue.”
“Would you care to stop me?” Gabriel asks, sounding almost bored.
“Really?” John glares, looking at the two.
“Yeah, John was insistent that he had to wait. The wanker, he got sick as a dog for awhile there.”
“The freak got a gun turned on him when he confronted the killer,” she growls, furious. “Lucky for that idiot, his mate jumped in the way and took the man down before he even knew what happened. He broke the killer’s wrist in the process, but other than that everyone is okay.”
John lifts his wings until they brush the top of the car. In the golden glow, the beast comes into focus. Once, the creature may have been a tiger, but it is no longer. It’s massive, spine twisted up and lined with spikes. Its paws are the size of dinner plates, claws gouging into the floor with a mind-scraping noise. “Angel,” it hisses, fangs dripping.
“Do you need me to retrieve the stenographer, sirs?” she asks.
Keeping your soul metal on a chain about your neck is common practice, but Greg found his watch to be too heavy and clunky. The watch Mycroft pulls out, however, seems light and elegant. Its a gentleman’s watch, like one of those from an old victorian movie, and Greg doubts its his match, but still there is a key dangling from the chain and he feels his heart swell with the possibility.
“It’s no matter,” Sherlock waves him off, “I’ll take a cab.”
“No, that was the weird thing. The man came back in and I was certain he was going to cut me up for body parts when he injected the sedative into my arm. I barely registered them leaving me at the club, I’m afraid I wasn’t very lucid until I got to the hospital.” Carson ran his fingers over the bandages on his chest, a strange look on his face.
“You want to go to wherever you just saw? It scared the hell out of you, don’t deny it,” John scowls. He can tell how shaken Mycroft is, the room reeks of fear, he can taste it on the back of his throat, sharp and coppery like blood.
John shrugs, “It’s not really a large market so they always have to be handmade. It can get expensive, so we just went shirtless or phased our wings. It works.”
“You’re a teacher here,” Sherlock butts in.
“Interesting, how?”
He earned the grades to get into Saint Bart’s, but money did become an issue. Even with financial aid, he found himself working two separate jobs and sharing a postage stamp flat with four other people.
“What, angels?” John asks, feathers fluffing defensively.
“It could also be rogue summoners causing trouble. Afghanistan is in the middle of a war. You don’t think either side would be eager to scoop up a seer of your caliber?”
The man lowered the gun, “Yes, well we haven’t gotten to the fun part yet. First we have to set the stage.”
“As you say Mr. Holmes,” Her lips a pursed line, “Appearances are deceiving.”
Lestrade pulls on a pair of gloves and carefully pulls the blindfold away. The man’s eyes are wide open, pupils and irises drained of all color. Silver lines fill the skin of his eyelids, stretching out towards his cheeks and brow. “Magic drain,” Lestrade says, stepping back.
The records department is a mess, badly labeled and horribly sorted. It is a paperwork hell, but Sherlock is dedicated and has the sort of memory that makes hunting through the documents easier. Which is why, after a few hours, when he has had no luck finding any documentation hinting at Dr. Franklin having another property somewhere, he remembers another document that he had stored away in his memory palace for later.
“Hmm, especially for someone who didn’t cheat,” Moriarty bounced, literally bounced, over. He stood much to close, smelling like expensive cologne and blood. He slipped his hand into Hamish’s sleeve and tugged out the hidden card. It was an ace, the same card he had pretended to cheat with.
John was curled up on one of the beds, shaking.
“Interesting,” Sherlock responds.
The stones contain their own healing properties, but their facets can also filter John’s own unique magic. He has to be careful, feeding his power slowly into the stones and through them to Mycroft. He tackles the curse work first, purifying the lines. With that clear, he works on the broken bones and blood loss. “Sorry about this,” he mutters, the bones reknitting with sharp cracks.
“That seems like motive to kill his wife,” Lestrade points out, but he looks over at Mr. Harrow and notices the lipstick. He can’t tell if there are any connections, none of them are strong enough.
“The room is ready for us,” Lestrade says, walking up to them with Sally at his side.
Bethesda sighs, sounding like squeaky hinges. “I’m sorry, I haven’t seen him since, well…” she points to the city skyline, there are no buildings where she is pointing. Not anymore anyways. “He took it hard, blames himself, no one’s seen him since.”
“Nothing so powerful would be so easily lost. The real question is who got their hands on it.”
“Are you okay?” Lestrade reaches out, hand already glowing to tear the mark off of him.
In his weariness, Lestrade had somehow forgotten about his petulant house guest. Sherlock has finally left Lestrade’s bathroom, now taking up residence on the sofa with a violin curled in his arms. He’s not playing, just plucking distractedly at the strings. His head is laid back, the white bandages around his eyes stark against the dark of his curls.
Sherlock huffs, lifting his chin, “Appearances can be deceiving.” His coat collar gives a flicker, revealing the eye in a lazy blink.
Sherlock’s gift is one of the most potent Lestrade has ever seen. It works constantly and he can never turn it off. Lestrade has meet people with constant gifts but they often turn to drug or drink to drown it out.
hurt, but everything will be okay John, I promise.”
Sherlock’s eyes grow wide. “It’s a trap.”
Sherlock hadn’t been aware of the date. As soon as December started it always looked like Christmas was right around the corner. “I’ve been perfectly safe, besides you insist that I stay with you, and I have,” he pauses at Lestrade’s dubious look, “mostly. Either way, I’m fine. Not so much as a scratch.”
Uriel sits up, attentive. “Ringing?”
“Through here will be your pre-interview, if you will,” Agent Smith presses his palm against a complicated guard sigil before opening the steel door.
He is so close to sleep it takes him a moment to hear the whisper brushing against his thoughts.
Lestrade begins to makes his own deductions as he looks the man over. “What do you do exactly?”
“Christ,” John gasps, “I thought that process had been lost after WWII.” Helios presses against his side, the mention of intercision enough to send shivers down her spine.
“I’m afraid this one is partially my fault,” Smith sighed, running his hand over his face. “It appears that Mycroft has gotten himself into trouble.”
“For now,” Lestrade agrees, “but you need to go home. You’ve an excellent eye for police work, and in a few years come look me up. I’ll give you a recommendation for the academy, but for now, go home. Be a kid, enjoy the holidays, go to school.”
“It’ll be okay, Sherlock,” Lestrade says, though he doesn’t know if he believes it. “Where is your mate? I’ll send a car and an ambulance.”
Mycroft, who had stayed silent throughout the exchange, burst out laughing. “Truely?”
Sherlock can practically see the smirk when Sebastian responds, “Yeah, I like that idea.”
Are you surprised? I hope you'll are surprised. Lestrade started out just being a cameo character, but as soon as Sherlock started getting more screen time, he suddenly became a character of his own as well.
There is a chain link fence surrounding the more ‘swampy’ area of the park, but Sherlock hops over it without care, completely ignoring the “Warning! Dangerous Animals!” sign.
“It’s a competitive market,” he shrugged. “You can get dressed,” he gestured to the clothing folded in the corner, “while I’m certain you are quite good at your job, I have no interest in your personal brand of pleasure. Considering our conversation this morning, I can’t decide if Jim was trying to insult me, or just being funny.”
Ruiz gives a command, magic arching through the air as copper lightening. Her magic combines with Gabriel in a blinding display
“Christ, what did you say?” Lestrade asks, on the other side of the door.
Destructive spells have never been one of Mycroft’s specialities, and he has not spent much time learning them, unlike Sherlock who tended to set rune traps all around the house for unsuspecting servants. On such trap Mycroft had memorized after Sherlock had nearly burned the house down in his carelessness. He built the same circle now, imbuing each rune with raw power.
Which was probably why, weeks after his 30th birthday, everything changed.
He half expected to hear them following after him, but he just heard John yelling. Apparently he took Sherlock sneaking a smoke seriously.  He left the flat in a mad twist of roads, taking a winding path before slipping into a cab and heading back to the house.
Sherlock glances at it, “There are occasionally interesting cases hidden in that mess.” He offers a grin before continuing his pacing around the room. It is not the sort of rapid pacing that would drive John mad, but more of a slow meandering, restless and unfocused.
“We’ll work on that,” John says, even as Sherlock shoots him a dirty look.
Irene raised an elegant brow. “Oh,” she prompted.
Sherlock took the bracelet, the leather is old, supple with age. There is a cover on the top, but when he flipped it over it looked like a regular watch, if not a little strange in design.
He feels the shift of Mycroft’s magic, his aura drawing close with focus. “It’s angry. Furious. There is a feel of something wild, but it’s wrapped in the scent of the city. Like steel and…” he pauses, face twisting in confusion, “steel and popcorn?”
There was a scuffle of sound from behind John and a daemon Lestrade hadn’t seen in over twenty years dropped from the drainage tube.
“Do you know an older woman from Hyde Park named Carol?” Lestrade asked.
John commented, wondering if there was a way to block more personal thoughts.
“I’m rather afraid we have to, it is important,” Mycroft urges.
Plip, plip.
He circles the building, looking for the best way in. It seems to be a paper plant of some sort, and must still be in business judging by the intact windows and the lack of graffiti. All the doors are locked, so he tries breaking in through the front door, under the assumption that Sherlock is probably being kept in the back and he wants to avoid alerting them to his presence if he makes too much noise. John might not have Sherlock’s expertise with breaking and entering, but he knows his way around a screw driver.
“Alright, I will, I swear, but you need to lay back down.” Lestrade pushes gently at his shoulder until he falls back into pillows, too exhausted to put up a fight. “I’ll go right now okay, I’ll find him.”
Sherlock watched, heart pounding, as John was loaded on board.
His wakes in a jolt, shooting up from the bed in a flurry. “Shite, not again.” He glances at his alarm clock, but its shattered remains fail to tell him the time. Judging by the light streaming through his curtains, he’s late.
“I’m gonna take a shower first,” John mumbles, not looking like he has any intention of moving, but then he rolls off the bed landing on his hands and toes like a cat. He does a push-up, rocking back on his feet and heads to the loo.
“She wasn’t making much sense, started talking about the Lotus and a...Who...Wu, something like that,” Lestrade tsks, frustrated.
Sherlock sighs and hands over his lighter, stolen from Anderson. He barely glances at the man only noting his scrubs under his jacket, his dirty blond hair, and his heavily scuffed shoes before dismissing him.
When the main door to the flat opened, John did not think anything of it. It was not until he heard the first foot on the stairs that he went into high alert. The tread was light, careful. They moved too slowly up the stairs for clients.
The King hops excitedly, almost falling off John’s shoulder. He stops abruptly and holds his head up in the pigeon version of a regal air.  “It’ll do.”
“Ta,” John sits at the table. “Wait, shouldn’t you two be in school?” John furrows his brow, looking between his sister and her bondmate.
“Looks like,” John conceded, thinking about his wounded shoulder and his discharge. Even if he hadn’t been discharged do to the wound, a level 5 bond would have got him kicked out right away. Even if Sherlock had wanted to join with him, they would never let such a pair into the Army.
“Yes, hopefully I will get a lock on him once we get into the city, and even the most temperamental Guardians tend to like angels.”
Murray sputters and looks like he wants to ask John a million questions, but he must read something in his face because he keeps his mouth shut. Instead he just sighs a soft, “Oh.”
It takes John a long time to realize his meaning. The thought is… “That’s not,” John runs a trembling hand through his hair. “That’s not possible. Boston still stands, a Guardian remains as long as their city does.”
What should have been an easy enough search was turning into something else entirely. After two weeks, the only thing Sherlock knew was the man’s name was Captain John Watson of the 5th Northumberland Fusiliers, and he had returned to Britain three weeks ago with a gunshot wound to the shoulder.
One of the chimps throws itself at the bars of the cage as they pass by, screeching at them and baring very sharp canines. John doesn’t flinch, but it is a near thing. The lab makes him very uncomfortable, which is strange because he spent time in a research lab during his clinicals.
Mr. Hawthorne, the butler and Sherlock’s ‘minder’, is in the kitchen with a cuppa. He hardly spares Sherlock a glance. “You’ve been leaving early,” he comments off hand.
“I should get going,” John murmurs, gaze darting about nervously.
“Ta,” the man says, and leans against the wall beside him.
Lestrade winces. “That’s not good. The Summoner’s College have their fair share of summonings gone wrong, but I can’t imagine a student leaving the protective wards on campus to try something so dangerous.”
As per usual, he found John tucked into a corner in the back yard, nose buried in an old anatomy book. It was a little chilly outside, but Helios was curled around him like a traveling heater. John was fast approaching the age where he would no longer be in the system, and was studying desperately to get into Med school.
He moves slowly into the room, keeping his back to a wall at all times. He has his gun up and ready, his hold digging the metal into his palm until he has to relax his grip.
John had dropped that little hint on purpose, cherishing the look of surprise. Judging by what Agent Smith had told him about the man’s seer abilities, he rather suspects it won’t be a look he will see often. John flicks his wrists, feeling the pull of magic as he dips into his pocket. The weight of his pistols are familiar and comforting.
“One, though he…” Gregson trailed off, flicking his gaze down the hall. “I’ll show you.”
Dr. Frankland shoots John a curious look, but quickly focuses on Sherlock, “Mr. Holmes, a pleasure.” He offers his hand.
He took Irene to Angelo’s because he was an idiot. The place was hardly high class, and Angelo had no idea who he was. Hamish grinned like an errant schoolboy the whole time.
Sherlock hums, eyes not leaving the screen.
“I’m afraid so. Sherlock was kind enough to call you when he deduced the situation. Quite clever isn’t he, with those deductions.”
Carson shook his head, scowling. “No, it was rock of some sort, depressing alternative shite, like a teenager would listen too. “
Mycroft sighs conceding the fight and pulls out his wallet, handing Lestrade a 5 pound note.
Donovan’s whole face transformed, like she had just bitten into a lemon.
No one questioned his sanity in the Army, because they were all crazy in their own way. When a soldier is bleeding out on the battlefield they don’t care what kind of daemon the doctor has.
“Sherlock get out of here, you idiot!” John shouts from the cage. He clangs something against the bars, but the beast’s attention does not waver from its new prey.
“Is there a rabbit in our luggage?” John asks, voice sickly sweet.
“But he didn’t find me. I’m not sure how he got my name, but he knew I was a soldier. I need…Bill I need to get out of here. Where ever here is.” John was certain of it, he knew he needed to leave; he had to be far away when that man came sniffing for him.
“John, child, would you please sit down,” Moneypenny sighs, clearly done with watching him pace.
Sherlock startled, dropping his hand and grabbing his shirt off the ground.
John shook his head.
“Um yes, hello,” Lestrade stutters, some detective.
Carson made an excellent recovery. His other kidney took over, nicely. The wound drained clear to pale yellow pus and the antibiotics did their job.
“Rather.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Johnny?” Harry calls from the door. She looks so small leaning against the threshold. The grime from before has been washed away and she is now dressed in a pair of baggy jeans and a t-shirt.
They head up the 17 steps, as familiar to Hamish as his own hand. John leads him into the flat.
John was afraid of that.
Sherlock screams.
“Right, right,” Bill laughs, running his hands through his hair. It`s gotten a bit longer since he got out of the Army. “Well, we didn’t want to really make any plans or anything with me being sent off to the sandbox every time I caught my damn breath, but uh well...Anne’s pregnant.” Bill’s smile manages to be both nervous and filled with joy.
The entire jeep leaps up, flipping over and over as fire roared all around. John screams, not sure if he’s screaming for Harry or God or if he is just screaming. Everything hurts, pain bursts from his legs up.
“Thanks.” Once again Greg didn’t comment on her referral of Sherlock, who was basically his brother-in-law.
He feels ill and exhausted, he just wants to lay in the floor and sleep, but Sherlock struggles up to look at his...mate.
John’s family lived in a small flat in the middle of a bad neighborhood, but they were happy.
“I’d hate the force, morons the lot of them,” Sherlock says, sitting up so he can properly cross his arms over his chest.
John felt his whole body stiffen. Freak? How dare she call Sherlock such a thing! He clenched his fists, reminding himself that he did not hit women.
When the train finally reaches his stop, he bolts from his seat, sparing no concern for the fumbling idiots that don’t move out of his way fast enough. He leaves a string of curses in his wake.
Mycroft’s whole body complains as he forces himself to stand. If he didn’t crack a few ribs, he would be surprised. Harihara had slammed against the far wall, momentarily knocking the guardian out, but not for long. He can already see the tail twitching.
“I’m afraid I can not offer you any information on the matter,” Mycroft answers simply. His hand rubs across a lump under his jumper. Judging by the chain around his neck, Greg guesses the lump is the man’s soul metal and the gesture is a nervous one. He knows something.
“I have to help him, what about Julie,” the man tugged against the hold. When it still did not budge, he spun on the officer restraining him and knocked the arm away. “I will not leave him,” he snarled, before scrabbling up the wall.
Stapleton stares at Henry blankly until comprehension dawns. She shakes her head ruefully. “I feel like an idiot. Of course! The venom has been in his veins for years, his blood will be full of antibodies.”
She was a master of her craft, but Hamish was a master of his. He could read her fear in the contracting of her pupils and the pulse at her throat. What had Moriarty told her?
John carefully puts the tube back in the thermos, he doesn’t have time to work with it at the moment, but he has a free day tomorrow to work in the lab to his heart’s content. He tucks the thermos beneath his arm and walks out of the lab with his head held high, acting like he is exactly where he should be.
Sherlock is intent on Henry and the woods around him, so it is not until they stop at Dewer’s Hollow that he realizes John is no longer with them. He sends a questioning probe along the bond, John seems fine, checking out something to the south.
“Sherlock!” Lestrade shouts, running over to the man. At first, he is worried that he has been struck down by whatever killed their Jane Doe, but then he sees the golden bond. It has always been strong and unfailing, but now the cord is flickering rapidly between gold and black. Sherlock’s mark is also flickering, the steady glow of the caduceus fades to a pale blue.
Sherlock bites his lip, eyes darting from side to side as he recalls the structure. Lestrade doesn’t know that one off hand, but judging by Sherlock’s gestures, it’s a complicated spell.
The man leans forward until his breath ghosts across Sherlock’s face, he smells oddly of tobacco and apples. He grasps the back of Sherlock’s head, his fingers bruising as he tightens his grip in the curls. “You can call me Seb, Mr. Holmes.” He jerks his hand, making Sherlock strain against his hold. “Do you understand my meaning, Mr. Holmes?”
Smith finally turns to face him, expression fierce. The shadows behind him lengthen and split, John can feel the Nalusa Falaya coming to the surface. The room goes cold, sending a shiver down his spine, but he holds his ground.
“I have to go,” she whispers to him. “but in two days they are having a festival of some sort and these guys drink like sailors, I’ll try to grab the keys.”
When Mycroft had been born his numbers had been blank dashes, it wasn’t until he was four that his Timer started counting down; a sign that his soul mate had finally been born. Mycroft’s numbers left him with twenty years to wait.
The creature somewhat resembles the foo dog statues Mycroft has seen guarding local temples. The shape of the head, the curl of the fangs, and the lion-like mane are all familiar, but this creature has two such heads. It is this strange feature that prompts the memory of Tianlong’s bizarre wording. “Hong?”
The only reason Lestrade was called in on what should have been an obvious case was because the man was a high-ranking bank official and was in a part of town at a time of night that was very unusual to his habits.
“Proof,” Moran grinned.
Mycroft, who had recovered somewhat on the trek, winces under the bright light, turning his head into John’s shoulder to block it out.
He ends up sitting in his chair, watching the news, with Bluebell perched in his lap. He would never, ever, admit to it, but he finds it relaxing to pet the bunny, her head and ears are particularly soft. He waits.
The key is to look nonchalant and to have quick fingers. He keeps an eye out for the distracted. A man yelling into his cell doesn’t notice the quick grab of the wallet in his back pocket. A frazzled secretary doesn’t see his nimble fingers dipping into her open purse.
While Sherlock examines the code lock with his collapsable magnifier, Greg keeps an eye down the hall. Apparently they are breaking in, no surprise there. “So what did this guy do anyways? Feed people to alligators? Illicit drug deals?” Greg asks.
John’s eyebrows shoot up, “I don’t think…”
“I know it’s stupid,” he scowls, “but it was the only time of the year that the Compound really changed. Someone would bring in a tree and we’d learn to make faerie lights and decorations. I miss…” he starts and clams up with a click of his teeth, frowning in irritation.
“And you invaded Afghanistan,” Sherlock teases. He finds his own updraft, the warm wind swirling him into the air until he is matched with John. They are high enough up that they can no longer see the housing units through the sand, but that hardly gives an accurate account of how far they have gone.
He’s never felt more naked in his life, and he’s still wearing pants. “Uh, I need to take a shower, clean up,” Hamish says, trying to suggest ‘please leave.’
Mycroft sighs, because of course Sherlock wasn’t sleeping and of course he completely ignores the taboo of touching another’s soul metal. “I could do a lot with that money, brother mine. If nothing else I could at least feed us.”
“That’s Bauza speak for good job,” Murray chuckles, handing John his pack. “We gotta hit the road now though, those would have attracted attention.”
“You’re the pathologist,” Sherlock says, and now he’s stating the obvious.
Lestrade takes in the scene. The victim is a young male, no older than twenty, just a kid really, in a ratty hoodie and jeans. He leans down, checking the bottom of the shoes. “There’s a bit of ink on his soles, stepped past the barrier circle I reckon.”
John gives a short bark of laughter. “No, I’m here to tell you one of your pets has slipped his leash.”
Angel lifespans are tricky and unpredictable. All angels age like humans until they hit adulthood, at which point things...vary. Some stop aging until they meet their One, while others grow older faster, withering without purpose, and others continue to age like humans. John could follow Mycroft for years before the call of the bells come true. He shakes the thoughts away, refusing to dwell on what-ifs. He focuses instead, on what Moneypenny is saying.
Mycroft narrows his eyes, and John can feel his focus sharpen. “A shade?” he asks.
Sorry this one is short, I struggled with the action sequences, but I'm pretty happy with it. Thanks everyone for all the well wishes and advice.
John has to lean his head back to keep from being slapped in the face from a wayward wing. “We wanted to ask you a question, Bethesda said you’d be able to help us.”
John took one because it seemed rude not too.
Mycroft was in the kitchen fixing a cup of tea, which was possibly the strangest thing John has ever seen.
He finds Mycroft in one of the bedrooms were the carpet is least dirty. He’s spread out a tattered blanket to sit on and is leaning against the wall. There are two overflowing containers of chinese at his feet.
Mycroft doesn’t rear back, but John can tell he wants to. He looks like he’s just been slapped. “My father’s?”
“Ahh, right,” he murmurs, “Mytho’s can’t cast summoning or sealing spells.”
“Shut up,” Sherlock snarls back. Blue light is flickering around him, the spell beginning to form.
“I don’t know why you are insisting on this ridiculous farce when you are clearly exhausted, but fine. And please do refrain from calling me kid, my name is Sherlock.”
“I’ll raise a hundred,” Hamish sighed, throwing the bill down like it hurt him.
The woman’s voice was shaky, but determined. “There were four men, the blond, a shorter Irish man, and two men in suits that looked like bodybuilders or bodyguards I guess.”
John looks away, biting his lip ‘til he tastes blood. “He was worried for me. Thought it would be safer back in London.”
Sherlock would not be satisfied with anything less than a level 3 bond and he knew the higher bonds required a perfect meld of traits. He was not the sort to believe such a person existed for him.
Sherlock practically claws over his shoulder to snatch the phone. “They closed the case! They ruled it an accident!”
In fact, most of the population only had 1 to 2 level bonds. Weak bonds that only allowed the smallest bleed through of emotion in times of extreme stress. Level 3 bonds were common enough and allowed a better emotional connection. Level 4 bonds were rare and were said to actually allow telepathic conversations in close quarters. Level 5 was so rare, no one was quite certain of its appearance.
“See you, girls,” Bill grins, guiding John out.
Sherlock turned to the folder, flipping through the pages slower than he normally would so he could absorb every word. Most of it followed what he already knew, just filling in the blanks with more details.
Sherlock added extra cream and sugar just to be contrary, before placing the leather cuff on the table. “Sebastian Moran sends his regards.”
“How do we find him?” John asks.
Agent Smith chuckles, “So you can be surprised.”
The gunshots should have been it; Sherlock had been prepared for a fiery death. Instead, the three shots had clearly taken out the snipers on the roof, but who? Mycroft’s men?
“Yeah, hold on,” Sgt. Hunt wanders into the back room and grabs one of the small Collin’s box they usually keep platelets in. “I saved these for you just in case.”
Sherlock sits up and snatches his violin off the side table. He scrapes the bow across the strings viciously. The instrument gives a screech of protest. He runs the bow over the strings again and again, moving too fast and too hard. The noise is horrible, a perfect reflection of his mental state. He forces himself to stop before he damages the Strad. Curling the abused wood in his arms in apology.
Bauza and Murray lay down suppressive fire with the full strength of their automatic rifles, but they can’t stop the force of a R.P.G.
John’s wings twitch. “It’s Christmas Eve,” he admits with a sigh.
Holly rolls her eyes, but doesn’t complain. “Have a good day, Detective!”
“What level was it?” Sherlock asks.
John shook his head, “No, sir.”
For some reason I have a habit of switching between past and present tense even within the same sentence. I have no idea why, so if you spot some weird subject/verb agreement I apologize. I tried to catch them all.
Sherlock would have been happy leaving him on the settee, but Mrs. Hudson had complained, saying he couldn’t rest his wings properly. He’ll never admit it, but she was right. Lestrade’s wings are already in disarray, they would not have handled the tight folding well.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mycroft sits up, startled, a blush crossing his face. He shoots John an apologetic look before brushing out his filthy shirt, donning the noble air of the unconcerned. John struggles not to laugh.
The passengers give them curious looks, but stay out of their way. Everyone knows that angels either mean government or military. A few offer their thanks as they make their way towards the back of the train.
Lestrade gives him another of those searching looks. He releases his wrist and steps back. “Alright, be careful.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Mycroft resists wringing his hands; how did his brother get paired up with this ruffian?
“How dare you!” Sherlock felt his whole body draw up in unfettered rage. “You swore, you swore that caring isn’t an advantage.”
The man shakes his head and walks off.
naked.
“This one is a bit more personal,” Q says softly, pulling an old fashioned pocket watch from the table. The casing looks gold and is covered in strange markings.
“Oh, ay, very busy,” Pete gives him a wink, which looks ridiculous coming from a man with that large of a beard. “Good on ya, Johnny boy. Congrats, That one’s on me.” He gestures to a booth in the corner. “Don’t let me carry on, your friend is waitin on ya.”
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“Your Captain.” He grabs Sherlock’s hair, jerking him up against his bonds. “Is starting to piss me off.”
Lestrade kneels at his side, with a closer look he can tell that what he thought was black ink is actually a dark maroon. It even has the coppery scent of dried blood. “Did you know him?” It is quite possible that they go to the same university.
Sherlock looks quite pleased with himself, which makes Greg wonder who exactly he ran into. “What did she say to that?”
Molly bites her lip and steps to the bottom of the table. There is a tag tied to Soo Lin’s toe, her information written in doctor’s scrawl. “When I was doing my initial review I noticed this.” She pulls the untagged foot back so the heel is displayed.
“Both, my mum died in child birth, my dad a few years later,” he answers. His mother was a non-entity, a person that existed in the abstract, but he would never forget his dad. With his different teas and his warm jumpers and perfect hugs. No one ever hugged the way dad did, like he could shut out the world.
from that dank terrible shack in the Syrian wilderness was never suppose to be let back out. But one of the girls was crying; huge, silent tears running down her filthy cheeks because she knows the new men in the room are not the saviours she has been praying for.
Mycroft hesitates, John can practically hear him working through the best way to approach this. “We are here to seek information. Tianlong suggested that you may know what has happened to the Guardian of Java, and who has been targeting Guardians.”
“I’ll send a car immediately, stay put,” Mycroft, he guesses, says over the phone and then the dial tone sounds as the man hangs up.
He does not have a choice to move, however, it is on him in an instant, a great mass of ferocious canine. It takes his arm in its jaws and Sherlock can feel sharp pain and the grinding of his bones through the protection of his coat. He takes his torch in his free hand and smashes it across the beast’s muzzle. It gives a sharp yip and jumps away. The hound snarls at a safer distance, showing long fangs glinting with saliva.
John stumbles back, his own wings coming out in defense.
John nibbled at the rice like he was forcing down gruel, eyes fixed on the news as the women droned on about the Euro.
“You kept it,” John murmurs, sounding surprised but pleased.
“That woman,” John scowls, watching her leave.
The kid gives him hard look before saying in one of the poshest accents Greg’s ever heard, “You just finished your shift. You only slept an hour last night to work the early shift and are desperate to get home and sleep. Let me go. If you brought me to the closest station it would take hours to process me and even longer for my brother to come and collect me. Letting me go now seems to be in both of our best interests.”
Chapter Two: Very Good
“Lucky you recognized him for what he was,” Lestrade remarked, leading him over to the huddle of police cars.
John follows suite, summoning Witness.
“Yeah, it’s me, you great prat. Look what happens when you leave me behind?” John snarls, grabbing the pouch he’s been carrying since Ireland. The healing stones tumble out, glinting brightly. He grabs a handful, and cups them against Mycroft’s chest, right above his heart.
John woke a few more times after that, but each was filled with the same feeling of detachment and the horrible dryness in his throat.
“Bagram or Kandahar?” Sherlock asks, placing his violin protectively behind him.
“Bauza,” the one with the sniper rifle grunts.
Lestrade, having an inconvenient insight, deduces just that. “No, I’ll drive you. Make sure you get on okay.”
“I didn’t think posh was your type,” Sherlock drawls, playing up his accent.
“Well,” Greg chuckles, “How are you going to prove his guilt?”
The fire crackles merrily casting warmth on his face and bare chest. He can feel the godling's power here, protective and healing. Standing at this particular hearth should, he knows, stir up memories of family, but he has none to draw on. Instead, he feels an ache for James and Uriel, missing them terribly.
This was inspired by the movie Timer, I love the concept, but have a mixed opinion of the movie.
He nods, “Yes, I’ve been feeling a pull in his direction since they were captured. I can find him.”
“You think he did more?” Lestrade asks curiously.
John and Sherlock filled out their statements in silence, each agreeing on what they would say along their bond. If nothing else, the telepathy was excellent for getting their stories straight.
“I will burn you. I will burn the heart out of you.”
There was another sniffle and then the recording broke into hissing static as the girl started to sob.
The next morning they go their separate ways. Sherlock wanders, mapping some of the less known regions of London. He stops on occasion to play and busk a few pounds, but he’s too jumpy to linger more than a few songs.
“Yes, I wanted to ask you some questions about that. I assume you have a gift for it,” Lestrade says, his decision to apologize thrown out the window.
“You need our help,” Sherlock felt his lips quirk in amusement, this man was intriguing.
The airport is a madhouse, with Christmas only two weeks away it is even busier than normal. John glues himself to Mycroft’s side, without actually touching him. He can only imagine how the young angel is feeling, he might have grown up in London, but he spent the majority of his life underground, seeing only his fellow angels and the occasional agent.
Sally sighs, clearly exasperated. He may have asked that question more than once. “The crime was committed by a mythos, that makes it a MET case.”
Moriarty stared at him for an uncomfortable moment. “Where did you come from?” He whispered sounding…awed.
The man tries to adjust his aim to John, but he is already on him, kicking him straight in the nose as he crashes into the sniper’s ledge. There is a scuffle, John takes the butt of a rifle straight to his temple, but manages to grab the weapon before another hit can crack his skull.
“That was a little dramatic, don’t you think, but then again I do know your kid brother,” Lestrade remarks, a wry twitch to his lips.
“That isn’t an easy surgery, was he assisted?” John asked.
He took his time leaving the computer, making sure to wipe the keyboard and check for any fallen hairs.
“I am rage,” it snarls, clawing forward with a sound like breaking bones. Its tongue flicks out, lapping gore from its fur. “Hate,” with each step the creature seems to twist on itself, legs lengthening, jaw reforming. Its tail flicks in the air behind it, almost playfully. “Hunger” it hisses, rising to a snarl just as the beast leaps.
(See the end of the chapter for
Gary sighs, “Do you have any left?”
“Think you can find Moriarty?” Helios says, hackles raised.
“Yes. Just a moment,” Mycroft calls to the person with him.
“I don’t know what I’m looking for here, Sherlock,” he mutters. He thinks about sending the message across the bond, but even the thought makes his head ache and thinks better of it. He is pretty sure that with their bond Sherlock is already getting echoes of the pain, he’d rather not send the whole thing to his mate, just to ask a rhetorical question.
Sherlock watches John for a moment, before his whole face brightens. “Oh!” he exclaims, “OH!” He grabs John by his shoulders and spins him around. “It’s the Daemons, they were all birds!” He leaps over to one of the dusty arm chairs in the room and pulls a handbag from beside it. The bag is old and torn and looks very familiar.
John is laid out on the bed, sweat beads at his brow, but Lestrade can tell he is shivering under his blankets. He looks ghastly, pale with big bruises under his eyes. He thinks that John is sleeping, but as he moves further into the room his eyes flicker open. “Hey,” he greets, voice raspy.
“Eafford.”
He raised a curious brow, “Will you be introducing me?”
On the boy’s hand, John presumably, his own Timer blinks with Sherlock. John stares at it for a moment before looking up, lips twitching with repressed laughter. “Sherlock? What kind of name is that?”
He wrenches around to slam his elbow into the creature’s head. The impact is jarring and the beast yips, startled, before closing those large jaws over his forearm and whipping his head back and forth. He can feel his coat tear like paper in the hound’s jaws. His arm is blooming with pain from the terrible pressure of the creature trying to crush his arm. His fingers spasm and he hears the gun clatter to the floor.
“Captain,” Sgt Murray calls from behind, drawing their attention. “I talked to Colonel about er…” he gestures in their direction.
The man shook the offered hand, “Sherlock Holmes, Consulting Detective and this is Hyperion.” The dragon stood on his shoulder, wings outstretched so the thin membranes shimmered in the light, “ We are going to need access to a lab.”
“You’re right, I haven’t been focused on work, but I’m here now,” Lestrade says, following Sally out of the house. Free from the wards, he quickly hands the restrictors back to her. The chains on his power ached no matter how voluntary. Even with his magicks returned, his shoulder blades ache, his wings itch, feeling heavy despite being hidden.
Lestrade has to lean forward to pull his wings out, letting them lay along the sides of the chair, the primaries curving uncomfortably along the floor. He avoids looking at them, he still hasn’t taken the time to groom them, but he needs them out to better channel his magicks. “It’s alright, just sit still for me, please,” Lestrade sooths.
“She was very…” Sherlock gestures vaguely, “friendly.”
Mycroft had, he was infuriated that he could not pin down a motive for this man. “I must return to the office, but I will leave this with you,” he placed the recorder on the table and stood. It was always best to let Sherlock work through these sort of puzzles alone, well, alone with John.
“I have been reliably informed I don’t have one.” Sherlock sounded so calm, so certain.
The creature launches itself at his back, claws digging into his jacket and fangs digging much too close to his neck as it rips into the jacket, jerking its head from side to side as if John is a particularly fun chew toy.
Hamish does as he’s told, washing Jim exactly as he was except he is tall enough to not need him on his knees, pity.
There is a loud boom from a concussive rune, violet light slamming into the beast and sending it into the side of the car. The train rocks with the force of the hit, windows shattering in a spray of glass.
Sherlock slips into the car, the engine starts with a roar and they are soon on the road, Baskerville fading behind them.
“Johnny,” she cries, running to his side. She tosses her arms around his neck, hugging him with all her strength. She pulls back as soon as he gives a pained grunt. “Sorry, you must still be sore,” she winces.
“Ta,” John takes a seat, carefully rearranging his wings so they settle on the other side of the cot. He looked at the wall of murder photos and the mess that was his foot locker, his wings occasionally twitching in nervousness.
“Is it dead?” he asks.
“Q, please,” Agent Smith interrupts, tilting his head towards the table with a ‘get on with it’ look.
Sherlock takes the long way to Bart’s. He wanders, moving down back alleys, the hidden paths of London. He just needs to move, adrenaline is making his heart pound, and he hates that he is worried. Moriarty is just a man, a dangerous spider of one perhaps, but still just a man. The second part of their game is starting, however, and he doesn’t know the rules.
John shoots him a look, because he had no idea they were meeting anyone, but Mycroft ignores it.
“Sir,” Lestrade starts, but Sally grabs him by the shoulder and shakes her head. Lestrade curses under his breath, but lets her lead him out.
They move quickly through the mountains, the men in front at a swift jog, despite the horrible conditions. John follows after them, he has little choice. He knows it would take him much too long to find his own way out of the mountains without aid.
Though its been in the nineties all day, night falls swift and freezing. They curl up together like dogs sharing warmth with two camo ponchos as blankets. They let John into their pile and it feels oddly like family.
“That won’t work!” Sherlock snaps, sitting up.
“Interesting fellow, that John. I can see how he and Sherlock are bonded.” Lestrade takes a look around the office, but the desk is so clean and books on the shelf so dull that he’s almost positive this isn’t Mycroft’s real office. “What did you wish to speak to me about?”
Sherlock takes the pair of snips from one desk and pulls down the plants he needs. The scent of the fresh cut blooms brings back memories. He recalls many afternoons as a boy, his father lifting him up so he could see over the counter. He had learned each plant and their uses at his father’s knee.
Hamish releases his hold, long enough to hear pleas for mercy and denials of the attacks. Then he starts cutting.
Sorry for the delay on this one, it was finals week, but it is finally over. I have a few months to put together my Med school applications, which is probably how long it is going to take. I think surviving the medical school application process is half the battle of getting in. I have a personal statement I am really proud of, but I have to write a research essay, because I'm an idiot and decided to apply to a couple of MD/PhD programs. Does anyone know a good way to say, "Look I know my grades aren't the best, but I spent a lot of my schooling in the military, some of which was in Iraq being shot at, and the schooling I did after I got out I was taking 25 credit hours at a time while working full time as a microbiologist. I'm smarter than I look on paper, I promise." I need a way to say this without it sounding like an excuse, even though it kinda is.
“What did this?” Lestrade gasped.
“Careful, love, this is very old,” Moran placed the violin delicately on the side table. He looked nostalgic, his fingers lingering over the strings and the wood.
John put down his rice, a rather frightening grin spreading across his face. “That, is what we were waiting for.”
Orders were given to clear the area, and John heard a few shuffles as people left. He guessed it was whoever carried Sherlock’s brother and bond mate into the area.
Sherlock scowled, but huffed out, “Baker street, tomorrow at noon.”
Irene looked moments from pushing Sherlock against a wall and snogging him, senseless. “Hmm, brainy is the new sexy. I have to say, your website doesn’t do you justice.” Irene ran her fingers along her pale mark. “I was a toddler when the mark appeared at a park. I was,” she paused, “unable to return to find them. The bond has never been properly linked, but it recently started to fade. I need you to find her for me.”
“I haven’t.”
“Course I did,” John sighs, leaning into her hold. His sister is alive! When she moves back a bit he can tell she has lost some weight. Her cheeks are sunken and her eyes are dark with lack of sleep, but she looks relatively okay. “What happened?”
The Nan Lian Garden is a haven of greenery, plants of all varietals perch on grassy hills, surrounding a placid lake. In the center of it all, vibrant red bridge leading to a golden shrine.
Moriarty sits up to face John, but keeps to a relaxed sprawl, a smug smirk on his face. “I’m certainly surprised big brother let you through the gates. Are you here to yell at me? Give me a stern talking to?”
“No,” Hudson River hisses, eyes narrowed in irritation. “I do not know the name of the one who schemes, but there is a shadow pulling at the darkness. Something is riling the old ones.”
Sherlock is leaning against the doorway, looking almost bored at the proceedings. Hyperion is over by Helios, manipulating the chain with claws and flame to get it off her.
“Harry!” he shouts.
There is a white clothing box sitting on the top of his stuff. It hadn’t been there before. He pulls it out with care, but there is no sense of malevolent magicks. There is a plain card -just folded cardstock- taped to the lid. He tugs the tag off and flips it open. Neat loops of familiar cursive fill the card. He recognizes the handwriting, of course, Mycroft.
“He’s been shot in the shoulder, and there is something wrong with his leg,” Sherlock grits between clenched teeth as he is bundled into the car.
“I think we can safely say it’s not a level 1,” a jovial voice spoke.
He grabbed a cab outside of St. Bart’s for New Scotland Yard. It only took two turns for him to note the man was not heading for the Yard. Deductions flew fast after that. He noticed the old clothes, the bit of shaving cream behind his ear, the torn photo of his children, and the distinctive bulge of a gun in his front pocket. Most of all, he noticed the single bond mark on his arm, red and raised from a broken bond with tendrils of black leaking in.
“Observing,” Sherlock states, the obviously is implied.
“Now hold on,” Lestrade says, stepping between them before a fight kicks up. While the man looks rather manic, he is dressed in an expensive suit and a long coat that looks about the same price as his car. He can feel a possible connection building, and he long ago learned to listen to his gift. “Please, explain yourself, sir.”
“It was a solo mission, I screwed up and got captured, these are the results,” Hamish shrugged.
“Is everything alright?” Mrs. Hudson asks, returning to her chair.
They reach the University after about thirty minutes of walking, Mycroft having need of the rental car for the day. It’s uncomfortably hot and he can feel the itchy slide of sweat down his back. “I hate this state,” Greg complains as they slip through the doors. Luckily the air conditioning is on full blast. The whole building is actually just shy of freezing, it’s glorious.
“You miss the other angels? Your family?” Mycroft hazards a guess.
Seb doesn’t respond to the news, if anything his face goes blank, but Moriarty snarls, spittle flying. He turns the gun and smashes the butt hard into the side of Sherlock’s head. The strike leaves a gash along his temple, blood gushing a bright stream down his face.
“I should have known when he didn’t call to inform me you were missing during your London adventure. Mr. Hawthorne hasn’t been keeping an eye on you,” Mycroft tsks.
“Ah,” John mumbles.
Moriarty is still there, standing behind him and looking intrigued.
He feels hot all over, sweat rolling down his brow. He hauls himself over to the sink. Washing out his mouth and splashing water over his face. It does little to stop the burning. It takes longer than it should for him to realize that the heat is coming from within and not the environment.
“I know Bethesda said we’d know him when we saw him, but there are an awful lot of birds here,” John comments peering at the endless rows of birds.
He can feel pressure on his shoulders and sides, there are strong hands holding him down and he fights as hard as he can. He flails against the restraints until there is a pinch in his arm. The darkness returns.
"And it's quite alright, I have been unconscious for the most part. Would have been a shame to not make your acquaintance conscious."
Sneakers squeak against the tacky tile as Sherlock suddenly pulls his legs into his chest, hiding his face behind his knees. Letting out a sound that shocks John where he stands. It’s strangled and almost reluctant. Wet, and out of breath. John blinks down at the tightly fetal-positioned figure stupidly for a second. Unsure if he’d heard what he just heard.
Sherlock sharply shrugged and twirled him around- pulling a winded and giggling John back into him. "Motifs raisonnables."
Deformed by their standards. Advanced and exceeding mediocre understanding by his. All because they hadn't had their eggs on rye that morning, instead on putrid, abuse-worthy whole grain. It had been highly educational. The psychology intriguing. More so than he'd ever imagined. The bystander effect had proven greatly beneficial in his later years.
All the better to recite his worthless opening statement.
Neat.
"Him?"
?" Sherlock grimaced at the syllable. "
“Pardon?” John retorts, not really all there as he pulls Sherlock’s flank to his. Marveling at how a waist could be so small and such a tall figure so light. Could he haul Sherlock off the ground while holding him beneath his right arm? Dear God, John’s inner nutritionist was screaming in awed horror at the horrors these hoodies hid. John knows some people have faster metabolisms, naturally lithe physiques, but it was still more than a bit unnerving to feel ribs through three layers of clothing, all right? His nonexistent diet wasn't exactly reassuring either.
Sherlock hummed, seemingly relaxed. "More specifically the roof, the shed on the farthest right."
There were two chances and two chances only to control himself. To repress. To not fail in his self-preserving venture.
He whipped his head from left to right, watching as the shallow sea of onlookers simply stared ahead and ignored the manic raisins going at it. Drama isn't for everyone, just keep it on television he supposed.
Lestrade shook the thought from his mind and sat back in his plush swivel chair with a sigh. He had a few calls to make.
Kevin snorted and let his hand rest on the counter. "Maybe, God knows she's had dreams about you featuring every kink known to man-"
did this. How they managed to hurt
They'd been forced into laying low recently. All because some bloody nutcase had been killing drug lords and government officials left and right. Whoever they were, they weren't discreet at all. If it weren't for the taunting notes left behind after every murder Lestrade was sure, though he loathe admit it, that they wouldn't have been capable of linking the murders themselves. Not even now.It had been months, and since then the lives of seven drug lords and seven government officials had been killed. They suspected it was some twisted way of expressing his opinions on impartiality. For what purpose, they weren't sure. Moriarty is what he calls himself.
John lunged for him.
"She's my cousin." A classic. The silent 'you're sick' is loud and affronted.
"I'd be a hypocrite if I prosecuted someone for handling a few measly drugs." Sherlock stated, indifferently.
"Mrs. Hudson. She's your landlady, yeah?" John questioned conversationally as he laced up his ratty converse sneakers. Jeez, even
Moriarty entered through the automatic sliding glass doors and took in the scene of chattering people and golden shimmering décor with a inhale and exhale of deep satisfaction. Tightening his hold on Sarah's shoulders he made his way to the front desk, bumping and squirming through the crowd and holding Sarah out in front of as he gave them quick bored apologies. Once he reached the front desk he slid a card to the maître d. "Hello, I believe we've already reserved a room, monsieur?" He asked in a French accent and grinned down at Sarah as he jiggled her shoulders a little, causing her to giggle.
After a few tense minutes he reluctantly rose from behind the counter. The man could easily just hold him at gun point and make him come out. And John supposed he had a point. "How did you know I was there?" He asked a little miffed at being found so quickly, he had been so careful, but mostly trying to take attention off the weapon. He felt a little more relaxed now that he could see his gun had been set on a cluttered coffee table, but not by much.
Groaning lowly and miserable, Sherlock keeps his gaze on his hands.  “Fine.” John still doesn’t release him, just lowers his arm and keeps his hand there.
Flipping open the phone before Gavin gave up and tried again, a nervous tic if he'd ever seen one, he greeted the detective enthusiastically.
“You most definitely did not.” John calls out the pitifully executed lie the second it finishes being pathetically executed. “get on with it, Sir Psychic.”
As if catching himself, Sherlock squeezes his closed and shakes his head diminutively-all in the span of a second, and redirects his attention to Lestrade. "Still a consultant, mind you. I could leave you all to rot whenever." Sherlock chastised with a small faux grin. Then nothing. "When's the vacation?"
Sherlock strapped the rest of the bandage in place and rose after loosening them diminutively but effectively. Brushing his hair out of his eyes he met Johns gaze. "None taken.  The scene was... a tad too macabre for my taste." He answered and began clearing the stained remnants off the counter.  Discarding the soiled cotton into a small cylinder trash can John briefly noticed when he waited for his heaves to subside earlier.
. "And yes, slamming someone into wall for being rude is to be expected. More often than not it's usually done by said verbal abuse victim. Not spectator."
Hearing loud banging erupt from next-door, Sherlock wondered if sending John downstairs wasn't the best of ideas. After revealing Mrs. Hudson's boyfriends infidelity to her four days ago no less, he was supposed to arrive today, yes? Ah, John would manage. He was an army doctor after all, he could dodge a few cans.
Convinced time around Sherlock has caused him to officially lose his fucking mind-or maturity-hell probably both- he walked up to her. Side stepping a...Christmas tree. It was November.
John closes his eyes against the blurry shadows--as they were beginning to feel like sandpaper with his every blink-- resists the urge to rest his forehead against Sherlock’s upper-back, and doesn’t recall stopping.
Precisely twelve champagne-colored chandeliers littered the vast expanse of the ceiling, painting the room with a soft yellow glow. Waiters clad in black slacks, tucked, crisp white dress shirts and aprons. Women wore the same, although they were wearing plain black pencil skirts in trade for slacks. All sporting polite smiles, serving platters, and offering refills as they strode from table to table. The order was orgasmic and his inner perfectionist groaned at the sight. But this wasn't his destination.
Sherlock's eyes narrow on the vented metal in front of him, still crouched, bag in hand. And frowns at the tone. Anderson. Slurred speech. Mewling girl easily left to nothing, the girl, Sally, if he recalls the similar moans near nightly hours, is a prize around here. As she's popularly known as the Good Girl. Theatrically contrastive to the university's Woman, they'd taken to shagging her as Irene was untouchable. By default, Sally was practically every guys wet dream, hell knows why. Sneaking from her ward when patrol switches shifts, a smart one she is. So Anderson must be feeling on top of the world. Is intoxicated. Brilliant, another stumbling fool. They were uncommon at this hour too.
“It’s motivational.” She defends, moronically lax.
"Sunday already?" He questioned; crossing his arms and leaning against the rotting door frame. His eyes widened as it rattled and creaked. Then a crack sounded. A chunk of painted, peeling wood breaking off and landing squarely atop his head, then slowly sliding and landing on the floor with a clunk.
" He accentuated the word with a tear-like gesture of running his finger down his left cheek and a pout. All while continuing his deadly trek.
With that thought, John exits into the main corridor and pounds down the cement to homeroom. Before a figure stumbles out of a hallway up ahead of him with a clatter, John barely manages not to graze them as he propels himself off the wall above their crouching figure and over them while they move to pick up their clipboard.
- are you mental? I’m a drug-dealer!”
Lestrade sighed at her, looking a little abashed. "Just leave it, Sally."
Sherlock  took a seat and tended to his resumes once more. "You can't possibly die from minute exposure to negative temperatures. And don't be so dramatic, it's only negative eight."
A exhaust-laden claim poorly repressing a slur makes John’s eyes sharpen from their previously thoughtful, glassy state.
Greg then blew out a breath, seeming even more aged than he had but a moment ago. "If I ask him to leave will you still investigate?"
"So, no sex?" John asked when they broke apart to breath properly. Sherlock wasn't exactly surprised to find that he didn't mind just kissing, sure he was rock hard but John was a good kisser. He wouldn't mind kissing John for a while more if he could. He was a very...unpredictable kisser. He cleared his throat at the thought and answered.
Gavin him an exasperated look though it looked like it was mostly aimed at himself. "You kept cutting me off. I tried to leave a few times but you kept on muttering about how you wanted to get this over with and calling me stupid kid." He pushed his glasses up his nose and tilted his chin up to Greg's a bit.
Blinking back the tears stinging his eyes from the burning in his throat he shakily rose up to the sink and began rinsing away the acidic taste in his mouth. Being mindful of his raw hands from being scratched against the pavement. Once finished he looked up and only then noticed the bandages littering his body. Bruises and abrasions littered his arms, face, and shoulders. Jesus, what did they do to him? John grimaced as he decided to further inspect the damage and shakily removed the soiled wrapping on his torso, still somewhat dizzy from his little episode. Peeling off the first layer of bandages he noted the concerningly large amount of blood on them. Swallowing he took a deep breath to steady himself.
Greg eyed 'him' with interest, his arms crossed and holding a walkie-talkie between them as he silently judged.
"And that's a wrap!" Coach Cockroach yells from his position on the sidelines and underneath the bench's steel awning. Fucker-Kyle must have reached the line. "Now get to the showers before my poor mother starts hacking in her grave, you all smell like crap!"
Lestrade placed a hand on the back of the black swivel chair and leaned over the kids shoulder to further gesture to the application on the computer screen. They were seated in his office and he had to show him how to complete an application for networking in the U.S federal government.
One that John got to hear.
. Five hours, I'd suggest you
“For his experiments. He does the craziest things all for some case or something or other.”
Haha, ‘leak’.
How dull, he'd even been forced to recall his own upbringing. How long had he been in here? Ah. He turned his mussed head to view the window. A crisp grey sky was visible through the metal- steel, cheap as always- bars. Rising up from his fetal position and using the metal bed frame as leverage, as to not irritate his tender torso, he patted to the window barefoot. Breathing in deeply as he went. Dew, morning. Around 6 to 6:30 am. Still humid from last nights shower. Adding to its occluding moisture. Would've been a shame if they put him underground.
One cannot thrive in pace with another. Thus sacrifice was made. Leaving him the hollow clinical he'd always been meant to be.
John watched as the steam billowed out of his cup in a slow whirl, the cup warm between his raw palms. Sherlock sat across from him in his plush red chair, staring at him with narrowed eyes every now and again as he sipped at his tea, maneuvering the tissue on his bleeding nose to take a sip. It was practically a blizzard outside, John noted as he observed the white flurry rushing just outside the window. John cleared his throat. "So, care to explain?" Sherlock's narrowed gaze slid to him from over his tissue. "What is it you would like me to
A nod and flex of the uninjured hand. And Sherlock’s up and using his left hand as leverage against the locker to rise. Shaky legs probably asleep and twitchy static, making him look terribly awkward. An awkward, wobbly thing with red-rimmed, blue-ringed eyes. Sherlock would spit on himself. It’s vulnerable and uncanny and makes something stern yet soft stiffen his spine and shoulders. John wonders if this is what soldiers felt when they hurled themselves into war under the conditioned yet pit-less falsehood of protecting their loved ones from other soldiers doing exactly that. John exhales, eyeing him patiently and considers asking to carry him again. It would get them back faster and John wouldn’t really mind an excuse to touch him again. It felt …nice. Forbidden and vaguely terrifying but nice.
It felt good.
John kept his face carefully blank and waited.
Taking the unspoken hint, Sherlock leaves John to rest, and puts his headphones back in. Only after uncurling the flimsy rubber-coated wire from his curls. And cranks up Ludwig Van Beethoven’s 5
“Sherlo-
he was a
"Mrs. Hudson. She's your landlady, yeah?" John questioned conversationally as he laced up his ratty converse sneakers. Jeez, even
Snapping up he excitedly paced left and right to the alarm in rhythm. "I
He could also feel John’s raised brow burn into the back of his University sweater, the black logo emblazoning the front a stark contrast to the soft, grey cotton. He hated bright colors, it was no shock that he nearly gagged at the neon all Birkbeck students wore (probably to avoid getting hit by fellow drunken students, bud-light in one hand, steering wheel in the other, then tragedy on your resume).
“Which first?” The question makes his eyes snap back to him. Anderson fixes his blurry gaze on his--maybe it's just his gaze making him blurry--, his lip a disdainful curl, his slurred voice breaks Sherlock's buzz. And squeezes Sherlock’s dying fingers and face hard. He's going to bruise. “Teeth or fingers?”
“Great,” John removes his hand at the stare and rises, looking around Sherlock’s methodic madness. “Got a heater? We can’t raise the temperature here.”
Sherlock would stand in that compact dormitory surrounded by the substantial clutter of his aspirations, precarious stacks of knowledge evincing of sleepless nights, or sleep forgotten. Cutting a strict figure in the muted, warm light of a setting sun as he faced the meringue-painted skyline head-on. He was lithe elegance, sharp shoulders and almost… delicate in his deft, requisite build. Somehow, abstruse and intricate, complicated and twisted in an airily-crafted sort of way. No bullheaded superego critical to his very existence like those John found himself acquainted with on the daily. Sherlock was just kind of…there. No expectations for acceptance or understanding, no humble requirements asked of his equals or a necessitation for a simple warmth of companionship found in another human being. Nothing.
If anything you're below average. What was I thinking?"
“Yes, that’s exactly what I need. Care to join me?”
But he held it with a certain grace John had yet to understand. An overt maturity, a prevenient wisdom that exceeded his span of experience (theorized entirely on Sherlock’s adamant distaste for the front door before dark).
John merely nodded ahead and said nothing. Causing Sherlock to clench his teeth and look in the same direction.
John wasn't amused and didn't look into how they obtained the van and kept walking forward. When he was within one yard of the van he could tell something was off, he could hear whispering and banging. He debated just booking it right then and there. Just as he took a step back the door slid open and he was met with the wide-eyed gaze of a malnourished, pale and tired looking man. He had stubble and acne on his jaw while his eyes were worryingly bloodshot. This was a bad idea. John kept his face carefully blank and waited.
Earlier:
John murmured miserably, crouched on his knees in the loo. Head bent over the toilet in front of him. And promptly vomited into the stained bowl for the fifth time. Photographs were forever ingrained into his so very fragile skull. Much like the one he'd always hid Sherlock's custom made, long, unfiltered Marlboro's in.
Sherlock; still panting and flushed assured him. "No. No it's fine. Tell me why you bit me." He said as he pulled a worried and apologetic John back over him by his tie. John frowned at him then looked at a spot beside his head. "No reason, just a bit....ticklish." The last part was made purposefully difficult to decipher.
“That really is amazing.” John’s honey-coated muse sounds far away. “It almost seems unnatural. But still, why the hell didn’t I think of that?”
John wanted to growl, but all that came out were angry, British vowels. Good enough.  “…That-That’s really passionate and everything but I can’t afford to take any chances.” He looked mournfully down at his ripped jumper held between his crossed arms when another shiver racked his frame.
John froze up the second the indignant sentence left the woman's mouth. Keeping his attention strictly on the bullet hole before him. Despite the fear and slight, sickening shame, John had to admit. He hadn't felt this alive in years, and had to fight the smile worming its way onto his features. Adrenaline was a hell of a drug.
Is gone.
like a dead man forgetting a date, he rises calmly and reaches for the foot of the bed. No matter his back’s protest. Fucking Kyle. And feels around the end of the cot, searching in near darkness for what he’d folded and placed there not three hours ago. Accidentally grabbing a converse sneaker, making it still. And apologizing with a uselessly whispered
of it. Your nonexistent ties to a nonexistent home, you being an army doctor and veteran was from your medal- which was roughly two to three years old, neatly folded and kept. Clearly the army medical regimental crest. That is what I deduced from your wallet. As for your PTSD, if you remember yesterday night it's unnecessary to elaborate." John gave a quick nod and pursed his lips at the memory. Sherlock glanced at him and continued. "Also, the therapist, who wouldn't have one after the horrors you had experienced. Once again, the superiority complex is still up for debate, you show symptoms of it. You repress your feelings in fear of seeming vulnerable, or you're motivated by the consequences of showing such weakness in your line of work." Sherlock looked up expectantly, for what reaction he expected, John could tell it wasn't a good one. But.
Earlier:
Moriarty twirled into the room with a hum, listening to the symmetrical beeping below him. "I am quite acquainted with ill intention, and I'm many a time the object of peoples extensive aggression." He sang as he closed his eyes with an openmouthed grimace, stepping forward gracefully. Suddenly popping his eyes open and crinkling them sadly, he gestured towards the right as if interrogating someone. "Though I cannot fathom why. Most times it makes me want to
"Get over here, Watson!" A stern shout called, John looked up to see the tail-end of a trench coat disappear behind ceremonial cart's open door. He felt a little light on the title. Steadily going higher. John hadn't been called formally since his army days, it sent a shiver of nostalgia down his spine. John found he liked it. He liked it a lot.
John, feeling light and proud, laughed at the teasing tone-not even alarmed that an authority figure had just implied he'd considered employing him (best not to think about it)- and handed over the notepad illustrating the track line. "As if you'd need me. You've got Sherlock." John lightly knocked his shoulder against Sherlock's still form beside him.
“And where are you off to?” This appeared to have peaked Sherlock’s interest. Despite his tired features and weary posture, you could visibly see his eyes sharpen at the question. He wondered if this was what his patients had ever felt like under his laser eyed-care.
The figure stiffened a bit in surprise and turned around to peer up at him.
Before opening it, he couldn't help but notice the many equations and hieroglyphic scrawls covering the door. He looked up warily from inside the cabinet upon hearing a creak from above, the counter above
John wanted to scream at him. Now was not the time. Now was not the time spill a reluctant SWAT soldier man's guts out to him.
They’d arrived at the dormitory with Sherlock fully expecting to get flipped the bird and left to his own devices once John, in all of his exhausted and undoubtedly annoyed nature, was sure Sherlock wouldn’t get brutalized again. Just another righteous duty in the life of Mister Magnanimous.
“Wait—Watson?!”
John squints at it for a second. Feels a small huff tickle past his lungs and through a tiny grin. Then blinks, feeling the stress straightening his back, wrung tight through his spine like wire abruptly unwind to a lax at the bratty little act. John hadn’t even noticed how tense he’d been until now. Breathing in at the much appreciated calm. He rolls his shoulders, feeling the blades tense and ease with a divine little crack. Then slides in, legs-first, beneath his cushy, grey comforter with a scratchy susurrus of jean and cotton. Keeping his distance even as a shiver wracks him from his spine to his toes. The room was unsurprisingly drafty. As it wasn’t his first rodeo here anymore, cool air leaked through their cheaply insulated walls on-the-nightly. The windows bore a physically painful resemblance to two portals wreaking the room with frigid air from the north and south pole. If cold were visible without the assistance of a damp mouth, John would bet no quid that a mist would obscure their hardwood floor like that American movie, The Fog was it? And is suddenly blessed with a lick of sense.
Declining the offer, he went to assist her with cleaning the hellhole.
Cocking his head, considering, John crossed arms. “Yeah, we had a few other shameless gangs playing devil’s advocate by keeping their crimes clear as day. It did good to take the attention off.”
Sherlock now looked as though he were wondering how many brain cells had shriveled up and died from his time spent under Afghanistan’s glaring sun.
She couldn't contain her frail, bubbly laughter as she responded. "Well, I can assure you that when I caught Sherlock dragging your bloody corpse up the stairs he had quite some explaining to do."
"Sir, are you alright? Sir!" A voice called to him in a strict voice, it was much closer now. "I need you to stay awake. Open your eyes!"
Some exasperated little part of him didn't deem it impossible.
Then, for reasons unknown, John went completely lax at that. Another rough shake, a head flick, A knee to the butt. Still nothing. "Oh fucking hell." Sherlock cursed under his breath and hurried his pace. Mrs. Hudson better be awake.
He needed to go. Now.
“That you’re a cock.” It says blandly, calmly looks away, then turns abruptly back around to throw a crumpled ball of paper at Sherlock’s face with startling fierceness. Making him jerk back in surprise for a moment, the quick movement causing his shoulder blades to ache.
"Any place you had in mind?"
"I wasn't alone at first." John clenched his fists. Sherlock continued staring at him for a moment. Taking in his tired form, his glare faded to indifference. Finally, Sherlock broke the silence. "Sentimentality is a disadvantage, a chemical defect found on the losing side, and it will kill you. You live a dangerous regimen, Watson. It's only a matter of time before it stabs you in the back...or shoots you in the shoulder."
"As I'll have you know, Donovan." That had grabbed Sherlock's attention, as he pinned her underneath the icy glare pointed over his shoulder. "Watson happens to be a doctor, an experienced one at that. And has had his skills brutally tested on the battle field. Time and time again. I value his opinion greatly for this particular task. "
Turning his attention from Sally's darkening features, he quipped rhetorically. "Contemplate why, why don't you?"
Ignoring the gradually awkwarding silence.
To which Sherlock derisively questioned his partners timeframes and asking when their next reprisal was scheduled. That John, the idiot, finally relented. Now he was seated on the plush chair next to Sherlock's with his hands clutching the arm rests as he leant forward. An incredulous expression marred his bruised face.
“Oh, good morning.” A feminine voice greets behind him the very fucking instant he closes the door. He finds a new hatred for his baritone, one he never thought he’d have.
Okay, overstatement. But you get the idea.
Sherlock groaned and uncaringly displayed his frustration. Flailing arms and re-crossing legs, the whole shebang. "Fine, but only because you looked as if you were about to come in your pants earlier." He finished desultorily. Kevin grinned in accomplishment. Pointing towards the heedless crowd. "Over there!"
“Yes, that’s why I need you.”
"You can't possibly expect me to-"
Mike scrunched his nose at ‘whining’, making his glasses slide down the narrow but short slope of his nose. A huff. “I do not whine-“
"Greetings, Daryll. Long time no see."
The figure silently passed through the preoccupied security with ease, holding the suitcase with a tight grip. Entering the lift and pressing a button, she checked her watch and pulled out a sleek black phone and dialed a number with her left thumb- not once making a misspell and typing with impressive speed. The phone answered on the first ring.
Greg narrowed his eyes on John, his voice taking on an accusatory lilt. "And who might 'him' be?" John shifted in place under the scrutiny, clearly feeling out of place already. Opening his mouth to answer before-
“Hey, you bloody mutt.” Sherlock coos, waving the wooden stick in the air. The dog blinks, panting.
John remained crouched and uncertain. "I'm not going to kill you, I would have done so earlier." The baritone voice drawled.
“As if I’d need to stalk you.” Sherlock snorts vaguely, making John glare at him in confusion. “I know your mother made it for you due to the uneven pulls and knitting of the material. Not machine-like in the slightest.” He informs a surprised John, spreading the wool beneath his thumbs as he crosses his legs, eyes flicking over the material’s thick thread. “Each pull is executed with care. As if not wanting to pull the wool too tightly in places to make it larger, but thick enough to ensure it not catching onto your bare toes and fingers when pulling it over yourself during chilly nights. She must have been knitting for decades, with this level of finesse.”
Though the practice was now proving futile as his chest shook and vision blurred. "
university’s occupancy.”
Ripping open another shed-door to block the hell-hound the size of Cujo from reaching him, Sherlock scrambles down another worn, dirt path. Sherlock knows humans can’t outrun dogs, much less a 260 pound behemoth at 30 miles per hour. And so he knocks over three more trash cans, the garbage reeking of students trying to get out of taking their garbage to the chute. Or maybe they were just too hungover to differentiate a garbage disposal and a bloody shed in the middle of a 20 acre field.
Staying still, he dozily contemplates possible mechanisms of murdering John Legend without moving…until the pillow starts trembling with repressed laughter. “Comfy?”
He looked up at that. "Yes, please follow me." Lestrade strode into the hallway and made a turn. Checking to see if Gavin was still following him. Carol had been recently hired as a U.S Secret Service Agent. Her ranking was impressive given her docile appearance, but Lestrade couldn't question it. Now that he thought about it, the resemblance between the two was gone on him, they looked nothing alike.
.  But--You see, the very prospect of one’s own barrier being encroached upon in such callous—perhaps jeering--, domineer, of any thing beyond exterior, any thing just past epidermis, the several fragile layers that have woven to welcome and microscopically thread together throughout years and inevitable years of thrilled and despaired growth, all to protect what lay just beneath. Several harrowingly delicate layers that allow its inner-titan to make morning coffee without thin sheets of tendon sheathing frail bone and knuckle erupting in mind-boggling pain, that allow a kiss from a lover without sanguinary residue, that prevent clothing from sticking to slimy, bare muscle and jolting raw nerve fibers from the cotton kissing fully excoriated physique.
ran through the Holmes line, the assumption gleaned from the low tones heard through Sherlock’s mobile during their near-daily quarrel.
Cocking his head, considering, John crossed arms. “Yeah, we had a few other shameless gangs playing devil’s advocate by keeping their crimes clear as day. It did good to take the attention off.”
"I see. What is it you
Now he only did it because going harpooning for boars made Mrs. Hudson nervous. ...plus, he could delve into their pasts and find any ties to an earlier enemy. Maybe one was trying contact him.
It was pathetically opportunistic. What happened to his every new year’s resolution to not use lest he is used in turn? Horrifyingly enough, Sherlock feels his face burn in shame. And presses his cold hands over his hot cheeks with a modest little pat of admonition.
“I don’t believe I caught your name.” John pipes up after a while. Having finished unpacking, all set and ready to suffer the next 1,460 days and get maudlin and pissed at how the miniature family-portraits on his desktop keep blurring before his teary eyes, or maybe it would be myopia, were his eyes falling out? John soon wouldn’t know, aspiring doctor or not.
He expects his heart to pick up pace, to skip, maybe a lick of confusion on as to “why” such an uncharacteristically intimate action deemed itself acceptable in the eyes of Sir John-how-the-bloody-hell-can-you-stomach-such-Don-Quixote-rubbish (As it would turn out, John’s romanticism novel stash wasn’t even safe beneath three boxes and a bed.) or acceptable to himself as well.
A text buzzed throughout the alley, both of them jumping at the shrill beep the device emitted, John had set it to its highest volume in fear of the call falling deaf on eager ears. John fished out the ancient flip phone from his pocket. It had been a gift for his birthday, his older sister, the only person John could keep in contact with these days, had given him a hand-me-down from her failed marriage when he’d returned from Afghanistan four months ago. If she’d known he was using it to contact drug-dealers in London, downtown of all places, there’s not a doubt in John’s mind that she would disapprove, hypocritical as she may be.
John emerged grumbling and rubbing the top of his head. Did he do that on purpose? Sherlock merely blinked at him. The prick. Grimacing at the pounding in his still sore head, John turned to lean against to cabinet in an awkward half-crouch half-Indian style position.
John hurried his pace and came to a stand beside the tall figure, slightly blocking Sherlock from the male's reach. The man backed away a bit and narrowed his eyes at John.
Sherlock shook his head. "No," He enunciated the word slowly, as though admonishing a temperamental toddler . "A user. A
A soft, disgruntled noise exhales in surprise as John drops Sherlock onto his mattress instead of…whatever Sherlock’s was supposed to be. Hard to tell, through the eerie umbra casted over the dorm, thin slivers of light peeking through closed blinds not doing much and only serving to make their floor look like zebra’s skin. Everything seemed dark, alien and misshapen. If he were six he’d probably cry at the shadowed lamp’s head hovering over the back of his desk-chair and wail about an evil cyclops. Perfect timing for their only light-source to burn out, truly superb. At least John managed to situate Sherlock before the untimely blackout.
"Where-ah- where did he get these-these things?" He asked before his mind got the better of him and he just sprinted out the door and caught pneumonia. For a soldier this was a rather comical reaction, he had to admit.
You know what they say. When one door closes, another one opens. Moriarty walked down the red carpeted hallway . Smiling when he caught sight of the open hotel door. Key still in the key-hole. That little girl was going places.
Sherlock begins to truly feel a bored as his initial prediction steadily rings true with each word Jim has taken the unknown liberty to recite. Expect the unexpected indeed. Unexpected showing a 5% chance of physical assault in public domain and gleaned from Jim’s established bark-not-biter complex written in the care of the buttons on his pressed dress shirt. Lucky for Sherlock indeed, his hand and back were notably tender at the moment. Not an enemy, halt threat?
They could turn tail and book it in the end. Couldn't say he'd be too surprised.
An act of pure mercy and slight, selfish need for distraction, Sherlock speaks.
Bleary eyes zero in on a full cupid’s bow as a spark of something brief makes him far braver than he’s ever remembered feeling.
Gaze growing a bit blurred now, John settles back and feels something unpleasant spike low in his sternum. With a swallow, he pulls the blanket’s edge to level with Sherlock’s tremoring shoulders. Then rests his palm on the boy’s lightly quivering upper-arm. Now covered in another layer and hopefully preserving warmth. But not enough warmth.
"Now." Lestrade affirmed, no dilly-dally. "I'll meet John, you and the team on the roof later, I've still got some panic to quell. The tabloids are going mad."
Delayed. The word has been nipping at him for a while now. Despite commonsense dictating the prediction of an untimely affair would have been bonkers, but damn if he couldn’t kick the guilt for the life of him. God, he was so tired.
“Oh thank god, that just might’ve turned me straight.” Sherlock murmurs too himself, before clenching the doorframe so hard his nails scratch into the wood, peeling off some of the white paint.
A disbelieving grimace now contorted the woman's expression as she looked at Lestrade. "You can't let him bring in a random to investigate a corpse. Much less the mayor's!"
!" ...A few moments passed before the infernal sounds resumed. Sherlock threw up his hands and huffed indignantly. John raised his eyebrows and glanced at the door, then back at him: unimpressed. "Are you going to get that?"
dictate you’ll live the rest of your days meeting clients in lots while you quiver in muted fear. All for some ridiculous sentiment you feel for your cowardly
John squeezed his eyes shut and roughly scrubbed his thumb and forefinger over his eyelids, irritated. And suddenly feeling a bit overwhelmed with the situation.
Sherlock inwardly jeers.
"What are you still doing here, John?" Sherlock asked, sounding tired.
Sherlock gathers his back pack, writing utensils and an electric sharpener for some reason, before he’s even aware he’s taken another breath. “Why didn’t you inform me earlier?” He asks, just a tinge hysteric and all around irritated.
Conceal, don’t feel, don’t kill the bloke. John takes a steadying breath and focuses on his exercise.
Sally didn't. "You can't just let him force you like this. It's ridiculous! For all we know this guy could be his drug dealer!"
John didn't find her words patronizing whatsoever, to be truthful, he was glad that Sherlock had someone else looking out for him.
What in the ever-loving Lucifer’s son? He knew he had a few anatomy-admirers but this was ludicrous. Makes him shudder a bit, how closely had they watched him to be able to recognize him by half of his face, with lipstick on of all things?
“Don’t be daft, of course I did.” John looks incredulous for a moment, so he distracts him with. “I didn’t know the number for animal control. And I’d have been arrested if I called the police department for something so ridiculous.”
"Oh fuck."
. My shoe is worth more than your
John frowned at him but said nothing, long before leaving the kitchen to observe the spectacle that was Sherlock. It was interesting to see. Two types of people, both so contrast. So disproportionate.  What people were willing to do to others, their effort to change one another due to their ideals. Their ideals being regarded as completely and utterly fallacious to the other. Constantly clashing, this was humanity after all, it was an everyday war. Quiet at times and loud at others. But Sherlock... someone as contrastive as him had yet to find anyone to share likeness. Let alone at all. John felt his chest spike with something familiar and gelid, he swallowed it.
"Are you thunder?"
“Yet you’re still here and dwindling.”
But he can’t express his hysteria, even if he wants to. Can't even tell Anderson he's ambidextrous. Because a clammy palm prevents such a ridiculous action. Forcing his head against cold steel with a bruising clasp that seizes him. Stubby fingers dig deep into his jaw and Sherlock keeps it clenched to prevent them from digging any deeper. And Sherlock would rather die than open his mouth and risk tasting something so putrid, much less to bite him. The fingers gripping his mandible tighten again, blunt nails bite into his skin, and Sherlock can’t fight his mounting terror this time. It had been an unnerving, muted buzz before. And it was now a deafening swarm. Bees loud and relentless without cease. Sherlock pushes him harder, stronger, still weaker. Sherlock hisses through the palm at the size difference, he could hardly reach Anderson's chest to push him away, inebriated or sober, the slimy bastard still used anything and everything to his advantage like the shameless whore he is.
After a moment, John relaxed at Sherlock’s silence, thankful he hadn’t been hit or mentally scarred yet. And went to move around him. It was a little strange. He’d managed to silence one of the most brilliant men he’d ever met with three sentences. John couldn’t help the way his chest swelled a little with pride. Making his half-nude frame stand just a bit straighter. John brushed Sherlock’s shoulder as he passed, the step momentarily making John’s shoulders level with the apparent-statue’s, and added,
Sherlock shrugs and hangs his feet off the edge of the bed, making John release him from his blankie-leash. “A predominant guess, I’ll admit, I was bored and noticed that your mother knitted for you. Your sweater wasn’t knit by hand and it was your first day here. She would probably preen at her university boy being all grown up, fleeing the nest, and would want her son to wear something she’d made for the very occasion. So you clearly mucked it up and replaced it to avoid upsetting her.”
“And a soldier. You never leave your home without a gun in you back-pocket for god’s sake.”
Gripping the rusted railing a foot from his right, he leaps over it—blessing his slight weight and Irene’s residency on the bottom floor, and sprints alongside the railing in certainties of making it a few yards farther to turn left and into Birkbeck’s maze of sport’s sheds. Kicking up moist dirt as he races down the mowed, thickly-grassed field.
Opening his mouth, John made to answer with exactly what he could do. Coming up empty with a proper way to express his solution, he glanced at the solution hanging by the front door, hoping to get his message across.
The parade was risky and he knew it, but recent events weren't lessening their spirits for tradition. He knew he'd just get his arse chewed if he even suggested it, because he had tried, but the bloody fools didn't listen.
Sherlock shivers at the memory or lack-there-of. No, not lack of memory—lack of information. Piteously nanoscale data. He couldn’t possibly forget…much of anything truly. Without a certain substance’s assistance, eidetic cons. Cons relevant to now being gastrointestinal distress and an instinctual ongoing crisis. He doesn’t know when he’s going to die, especially not its middle. Might as well entertain an ongoing crisis to be safe. Though if he chose to merit a full-blown Rubicon now he could off himself in another seventeen years. Perfect symmetry.
Two young women were revealed: one startled and one resolved. The startled young woman, Sarah according to her necklace, lowered her hand slowly and suddenly became transfixed by his century old wooden flooring. Sherlock blinked tiredly.
John didn't push it, lucky enough as it was that he could get out of this so easily. "Fair point." He held up his hands from the arm rests, keeping his elbows on them and blinked looking away in a sign of subconscious surrender. But it wasn't just subconscious for John anymore, he knew exactly what he was doing.
He groaned. Leaning his crinkled, thankfully uncarved forehead onto the cool, porcelain. God bless janitors.
“…work.”
In which Sherlock was once a boy who possessed far too much power, and far too much heart.
John awoke with a start, shooting up and rolling out of bed in a whirl of sheets and panic. He landed on the hardwood floor with a grunt, still tangled in the white sheets. As he struggled to free himself another gun shot rang out, confirming his suspicions and adding to his growing anxiety. He kept himself low and behind the bed in fear of being shot.
“Why are you so concerned anyways?” John accuses gruffly and turns around, trying and succeeding in keeping up the tense atmosphere surrounding their domestic argument. It was sweet, that he cared.
. He's commonly referred to as 'Spider', you can hear the title being whispered behind trembling hands in equally filthy alleys. It never reaches farther, somehow. But he hadn't dwelled on how such a well known name had been kept unknown to authorities. Despite them being bitten damn near constantly. He feared to. So, keeping his dealings quiet and cautious, John has managed to evade the spider's reach just barely. Other gangs and networks fading from his peripherals left and right. Always there, taunting. Promising. A true pest if John ever knew one. Although, for whatever the spider had planned, he didn't know which carefully conducted turnout he feared more. Becoming a pawn or a page six headline. Going willingly would never be an option, and neither was participating in such nauseating territory. Should the opportunity ever present itself, he'll be caught dead before joining the damned organization, if you could even call it that. Spider's acts were nothing short of monstrous. And he expected nothing less from his own institution. His boys would remain loyal, as he had done so for them many a time...well.
A niggling fondness at the abrupt quirk was inevitable. And soon enough John found himself grinning a little through his sleepy daze. Perhaps this could merit an addendum, three days of exposure would make for a lengthy blockbuster already. Chapter six: The dead-pan, posh princess and the dull-as-dishwater, delayed pauper.
He looked up at that. "Yes, please follow me." Lestrade strode into the hallway and made a turn after checking to see if Gavin was still following him. Carol had been recently hired as a U.S Secret Service Agent. Her ranking was impressive given her docile appearance but Lestrade couldn't question it. Now that he thought about it, the resemblance between the two was gone on him, they looked nothing alike.
Sherlock just blinks and does, lifting his tongue to hold the thermometer’s tip underneath the slimy appendage.
digging into his brains with a pair of beauty tweezers, subsequent to his ceremonial speech."
Scowling and damning Sherlock’s flawless but maddening deduction skills would get him nowhere. But he’d already made up his mind. He was right after all.
John said nothing as Sherlock shook his head in relent and receded to the kitchen. Shoes disturbing the wooden debris as he tiredly ambled on.
Feeling just shy of a blood vessel bursting, John grits out: “Shut up, shut
. I can decide if you eat out of garbage cans for the rest of your life with a snap of fingers. I can-and will-
“But of course, you already know this. So what’s stopping you?” It was a simple question, just genuinely curious and slightly breathless from an earlier rant. It took no more than a second for his answer to present itself. It was immediate.
Not that he'd ever tell the real John that. John would be mad, disgusted at him, horrified and quite possibly terrified. Sherlock couldn't have that.
“Drinking…” John looks a bit dazed so Sherlock blinks for him. It’s quite nice. “How could you possibly know about the drinking?”
John looks up, a cajoling curl of his lip with as blue eyes make the crisp, fluorescent light sheathing the room in its cold glare from above look warm. Settling back against the pew and scooting an inch closer, John suggests and tilts his head up at him. “Or you could speak English?”
Sarah cocked her head confused. "Yeah." She said slowly and peeking up at Moriarty through inky black bangs
So, “You’re not invited.”
"But what about the guy?" he asked quieter, now that they were out of the room. For some reason they made the alarm louder in the surveillance room. Fucking sadists.
He was quickly rewarded for his efforts with a swift foot to the stomach. John hunched forward and onto the ground, feeling the rough pavement slice the skin on his palms. Before he could recover or look up he was kicked in the side of the head-
Moriarty sighed and looked down with a shrug. "And other times...well."
John swallowed and chuckled a bit, a strange little sound, and slid to the floor. The knocking continued.
He shouts back at Sherlock from the safety of the university railing at an enviable distance.
“Oh.” Sherlock abruptly remembers aurally with a blink. “And I’ll need you to leave me alone for roughly the next twenty-some hours.”
currently occupying an array of toxic looking substances in jars. All of which he was sure were banned in at least a few advanced and knowledgeable countries in chemistry. England being one of them.
"And to say thank you, I honestly don't know if I'd be here if it weren't for you. I'm forever in your debt." A little corny but he was feeling particularly self-loathing and maybe a little frustrated at the moment. This man had done nothing wrong. If asking for entitled privacy and being rude in retaliation for being tortured weekly was wrong, then John's casual abuse of assisting shopkeepers at Tesco's be damned. Well...double-damned.
“Could be a sister.”
John nodded beside Sherlock, feeling proud and explained the math behind the projectile trauma. "The entrance wound is located on the back of the skull, 3.9 inches above the occipital protuberance and 0.7 inches to the right of the midline. The bullet exited by the right temple, 4.3 inches in front of, and below the entrance wound and 2.2 inches from the midline. Thus, the trajectory line intersects the western face of Hotel Mourir Est Un Art beside the Dal-Tex Building's right side. 33.5 feet north of the southern face and 124.6 feet above the roofline."
“W. A. N. T space A. N. Y. T-“ Sherlock starts, patient per usual.
His head snapped to the right to see some poor old soul, looking honest-to-god terrified, scrambling out the door and tripping over a few conveniently-placed wooden crates.
Sherlock was a bright young man, fully adept at evading his demise, possibly even exceeded fully adept for the majority of the UK.
If Sherlock stiffened at first, John didn’t notice. What he does note is the way Sherlock’s breathing gradually deepens in time with his hands. John doesn’t even know if Sherlock is asleep and he’s just massaging a corpse unable to protest. Nor does he let it deter him.
etiquette?”
A loud knock startled him. "John, are you alright?" John blinked.
Sherlock speaks again, unaware of John’s bristling, internal rant. “Do you think stupidity is contagious?”
“You can head back to your room, it’s Dante’s turn on towel duty.” The man informs him, holding his downturned clipboard over his head in an exaggerated reaction to the light drizzle the storm has receded to. “And you don’t need to shower given the one you’ve just took.” He adds, a dimmed look on his weatherworn face as he nods John in the direction of the boy’s ward.
John shakes off the urge to reassure Sherlock that ‘gay is okay’. Just thinking of what Sherlock must have felt at his own accidental coming-out. Especially to his own male roommate. John mumbles a quiet sorry. Sitting Sherlock onto his quilted cot, as Sherlock’s was covered in paraphernalia and petri dishes, he reaches under his bed—coming up with a small, red kit.
The figure silently passed through the preoccupied security with ease and holding the suitcase with a tight grip. Entering the lift and pressing a button, she checked her watch and pulled out a sleek black phone and dialed a number with her left thumb- not once making a misspell and typing with impressive speed. The phone answered on the first ring.
John pauses politely and awaits unlikely retaliation. When none comes, he promptly gives the appendage a few warming rubs. Just like his mother used to do. Be it to reassure him after a rather brutal fallout with a classmate or something or other. Perhaps a mollycoddling. But he remembers feeling his initial indignant protests of ‘being a big boy’ and embarrassment melt away with her soothing caress, the insistent strokes slipping over his back and arms leaving him warm, knowing she would do it when no one else much cared to. Knowing the effort made her arms sore, yet that she did it gladly. The knowledge itself was warming in more ways than one.
In lieu of getting his scrawny form retaliated against or bloodied, he answers, “Something like that.” Still not worth the expulsion. And what would a few diplomas hurt? He’s not a coward, he has common sense. And provoking an athlete in his willowy three-days-awake-and-going-down state would be plain cruel.
that accompanied it. Or the way his entire fucking body loosened at the unpleasantly sweaty contact.
Smiling warmly she nodded back. "Good, very good."
Feeling his teeth momentarily clatter from the impact, John hissed.
Today was Lord Mayor's Show. If you knew what that was then you'd know that on this day the mayor of London would lead a parade of over 6,000 people through the streets. Military marching bands, Chinese acrobats- the whole shebang.
It had been two weeks and five days since he'd experienced a rather rude awakening. To Sherlock's particularly gruesome habit. He'd been previously alluded to Sherlock's more often than not peculiar schedule. Steadily declining boundaries, easily asking the strangest of things. Well, not just strange...briefly alarming maybe. The look Sherlock had on his face was just...strange. Complete indifference to substance abuse, and hell, even his beloved tobacco.
Immoral moral: Sherlock hadn’t been careful enough, and his crash left him far more exhausted than he thought possible. Sherlock couldn’t count a number of times he’d scoffed at the idea of emotional drain weighing him down on his hands and toes combined, but in that moment, he found he couldn’t imagine a day in the life of John Watson.
Until today.
Oh, god. John really had a stalker. He is minutely flattered before becoming alarmed, oh god. Did Sherlock arrange to have his victim roomed with him? He did say he hacked the school system. But John could handle him, Sherlock was harmless in his state and good bit less… formidable but he—
Sherlock strapped the rest of the bandage in place and rose after loosening them diminutively but effectively. Brushing his hair out of his eyes he met Johns gaze. "None taken. Though, to answer your question, the scene was a tad too macabre for my taste." He answered and began clearing the stained remnants off the counter and into a small cylinder trash can John briefly noticed as he waited for his heaves to subside earlier. "Too?" John prompted.
current day
But this is just ridiculous. It’s wrong, bad, so very very bad, probably vaguely immoral and quite a little psychotic.
"God, look at his
Christie squawked; affronted, and covered her chest with her hand. "Plastic?!" Sarah heaved a breath; head tilted to the side to conceal her face, and hand attempting to conceal any sounds while John went worryingly quiet in the background. Sherlock smiled and folded his hands behind his back. "Yes, more specifically silicon, how about you go schedule another appointment in effort to look like even more like a sex doll than you currently do. Would be a shame if your husband committed infidelity again." His voice gone harsh and forbidding. Silence. Christie's resolve dwindled; face contorting into one of hurt while Sarah stood stock still next to her. Hypocritical. Hypocritical. Hypocritical.
"Thinking 'why?' 'why didn't I heed that plastic woman's warning?'-"
Greg's eyes were bright and astonished, and maybe a little guilty, as he looked at John. A small smile slowly curling his lip. Then a coy grin. "I think I'll keep you."
The door swung open and for a moment he feared he was going to be crushed by it, seeing as he was seated directly behind it, and braced himself. After a few moments he noticed the door had come to a solid stop just two inches from his toes and looked up. "Are you alright, John?" John felt his stomach clench in embarrassment. Managing to keep it from showing, he and stood up and answered with a curt. "Yes, thank you." To which Sherlock nodded and all but dove through the cabinet; fishing out a series of medical supplies and setting them on the counter. "I've managed to stitch the few deeper wounds on your torso and arms that you received from landing on the stray rock or debris. Your abrasions have mostly healed over the past 3 days with some salve."
He does not voice this, not a word. It’s selfish.
“Wow, who pissed in his grits?” A blur of artificially gray hair murmurs at his right. Griffin, John surmises at the boyish timbre befitting of not a man in their graying stage.
Sherlock shrugs, a cautious roll of shoulders that still derive a nanoscale wince, making John squint weirdly. “Well, if you truly need some there’s a nifty pharmacy just down Overbearing Lane.”
The girl doesn’t sound impressed when she gives him a disbelieving ‘uh huh’. He sees the girl silently beckon over the guard with her left hand out of the corner of his eye.
Sherlock now looked as though he were wondering how many brain cells had shriveled up and died from his time spent under Afghanistan’s glaring sun.
Sherlock brushes him off and moves to enter on his own. Stopping short to stumble and lean against the peeling doorway. He must have still been dizzy.
Quickly wiping her eyes on her sleeve she gripped the phone harder and glanced venomously towards it. "We're thinking about going out for ice cream afterwards, is that alright?" She remained obediently silent. "Great! We'll see you there!" The line went dead.
“Please keep doing that.”
John looks at him sideways, curving up his lips to seem politely intrigued, when in reality he begrudgingly finds the logic applicable to half the ward, and opens the door. Letting it swing open into the room.
There was a silence. "You got all of that from a wallet?"
Rolling his eyes, he asks again. “How did you know about the ruined sweater?”
Yes, hiding. He’s valiant enough to admit. Hiding away in a small, surprisingly tidy and faintly-lit janitor’s closet while the poor souls coddling humanity’s next generation bustle about in their secrete-esque to wherever they see fit at the early hour. Their presence only made known from the shadows their footsteps cast from beneath the thin space of the 90-going-on-100, wooden door.
“Let me rephrase. They aren’t schooled in artillery, they don’t know what a gun’s bullet does before it hits, only after. You, on the other hand, would know very well, now wouldn’t you?”
Well then. He must have been staring too long, since the offended peacock averted its narrow gaze to him. A silent, indignant squawk daring him to say something wrong.
When Sherlock no longer hears panting or heavy footfalls behind him, he slows down to a jog. Thanking and damning the Adler line for creating Irene, if it weren’t for her he’d have passed out from not eating after his sprint. Then again, if it weren’t for her he also wouldn’t have had to dress in drag to escape angry mousy girls and overweight, perverted guards. He squints at the memory, Adler could handle him.
"Fine!" John grunted and released him, but only because he didn't want to worsen his injuries, and glared at him, though his anger was quickly fading. "You don't know what happened." He watched as Sherlock righted himself and rubbed at his neck while fixing a glare of his own on him. "I'm quite sure that-"
dictate I’ll never see you again.
Carrie pulled back with a glare and smeared hot pink lipstick. "There's no time, now come
Flipping open the complicated little microscope as he jogged over. Lestrade followed suit. Two other detectives as John would assume were standing nearby, one thin, pale male wearing sky-blue shrubs not unlike his own. The other a dark-skinned, lithe female dressed smartly in her pea coat and three inch heels. Both looking irritated at Sherlock's existence.
John spoke a split-second later. “Your seventeenth birthday’s in three weeks then.”
“Yes?” He drawls deliberately drone with an aimless try at gaining more than seven centimeters of space from the precarious prick.
Sherlock flopped back dramatically an turned his head to him with bored eyes. "You catch on quick do you?" He watched as John began to pull up his pants.
...alright, perhaps John was a tad start-struck, after all Sherlock had solved three cases on the X files and claimed the correct fathers of two children on The Maury Show.
“Just don’t speak to me, then.” A cautious shrug rolls Sherlock tender shoulders and back while shifts through this week's homework he'd finished last week. Mmm China banning banks from trading bitcoin was notably wise noting their nation’s relative ennui. “I don’t speak for days on end at times, surely you can manage it for two days. Maybe work up a vendetta of silence in retaliation for whatever insecurity my silence predominately evokes.”
“Uh, hi.” John begins, sounding put off by his immediate disregard. And stay off, would you? “My name’s John.”
"So, yes kissing?"
in control. He wants to hurt because it’s bad. He wants to hurt because he shouldn’t want to.
Just as John was about to thank him a series of loud knocks assaulted the front door.
.’ All in the span of three days. But this feels more intimate, in a way it was and wasn’t during admonishments of poor regimen and sleeping habit. John couldn’t help but notice, as his thumb smoothens over a prominent, down-turned cheekbone. Encouraging the boy to look him in the eye with quiet care and careful urgency all good doctors knew to coax. This bubble of sorts allows John to touch, the afterglow or after-gloom letting him touch this untouchable being. It’s almost scary in a way, in a pathetically liberating and underlyingly transfixing way.
Why d-didn’t you tell me you were a co-cop?”
Lestrade managed to pull some strings and got him out of there. How he'd managed, John would never know. But he was left relatively alone after that.
John was handling this remarkably well, considering most men apparently lose both their balls and their marbles after realizing they would do a bloke. Should he go to church, eat a steak, maybe cry a bit?
Fuck. John smiled slightly and put on an expression of what he hoped was sheepish and apologetic; scrubbing the back of his head. "Yeah, sorry, mate. Today's just been rough and all. You know what I mean." He glanced behind him and into the van and felt dread seep into his insides. He wasn't alone with the creep, he could've possibly taken the stick on himself if need be. Now all he could do was play nice and hope the junky still had an ounce of mercy in him, and not just animalistic urge to fight and get an adrenaline rush, as he had bared witness to many a time. "What's that supposed to mean?" He spoke lowly and took a step forward. John held his ground; eyes never leaving his.
“Yes, that’s exactly what I need. Care to join me?”
"Yes, the poor hag on the telly filled us in."
. Show him a
The man glanced at the bag he was holding, John looked down and noticed his white-knuckled grip on it, and loosened his hand.
use then?" John drew out derisively.
The menacing baritone broke through his pained haze, and he opened his eyes to see a tall, blurry figure shoving another one away and rushing towards him. Before it was roughly tackled, the two wrestling until the other triumphed, straddling Sherlock- "Make 'im watch!" The hand in his hair shook his head a bit more, then adjusting his head to look farther in their direction-making his neck crick.
lesbian, actually. The engravings are a bit obvious, aren’t they?”
Sherlock curled in on himself, butt sore from remaining still on the uncomfortable, cardboard cot. And rested his chin on his knee-immediately raising it back up at the sharp pain that flared-, continuing to pick at a particularly tough and jagged toenail.
Sherlock squints disbelievingly at the hell-hound licking the man’s face into next week, allowing his probable owner to leash him. His hands are still gripping the bars in a shaking, white-knuckled grasp. “W-What?” His teeth clatter as another breeze rocks his core, and he crouches low on the bars, his knees indefinitely bruising at his position. The man shouts something indecipherable to him, face crinkled apologetically, and turns away, his monster trailing behind obediently.
"A garbage bag. I was looking for a garbage bag. Would you happen to have a thirteen gallon?"
The soldier was shaking. Not in grief but in rage, and it scared John, unlike Sherlock-the blasé prick. Was he blind? Sherlock was, quite surely, not coming out this unscathed. If only beaten bloody. Unless John managed to do something, but they weren't listening. Did everyone here despise Sherlock? How had he managed to piss of
A door slams, the door’s locking mechanism obliges loudly with a slick ‘clickclack’ behind him. Bleakly blocking out triumphant, if not a little manic, cackling.
John sucked and bit at the inside of his cheek. Clicking his tongue, John looked down again and was met with a raised brow in response to his 'disciplining-mother's' pose. "It's indecent, I refuse."
“Oh, right. Go check with Mrs. Hudson. If there's an ounce of decency left in this building, chances are they gave it to her. Chances are slim if I might add.” Sherlock added, not sounding hesitant in the slightest.
user. It helps me focus." His eyes flicked up to see John frown at him.
When a few more moments passed, and his itch for a glass between his fingers started to get the better of him,  he went to turn around. Prepared for whatever reaction awaited him. He didn’t care for whatever man your wife decided to let court her. Do your job damn it. "The usual, Mr. Holmes...?"
Heedless of Sherlock’s snooping for the time being, he stares at the mussed head as cigarette smoke floats above it. Shocked, and quickly appalled. “Are you smoking?!”
Guess, the floor was work then.
The skeletal man crawled out of the car and damn near towered over him, unblinking stare effortlessly pinning John in place. John didn't know whether to be thankful for sending Mike back or to damn him to hell in every language he knew. The man glanced at the bag he was holding, John looked down and noticed his white-knuckled grip on it and loosened his hand.
The glass door slammed behind him, causing the bell to ring shrilly. As though to alert tigers in zoo's of their feeding time. He couldn't think of a better metaphor at the moment, some chubby blond brat was already recording him on a cellphone. The blokes face went rosy and he attempted to act casual. Awkwardly speed-walking and half jogging away. It seemed like more of a defeated limp though. So casual.
"Don't act so surprised by the suggestion!" Kevin finished brightly.
“It’s hard not to. That really was amazing—should put it on youtube-- I mean—“ He smothers a giggle when a thought comes up. “And here I was, thinking you were checking me out.”
The girl whines a bit as the male removes himself from her pliant grasp. He chuckles. "Well, well, well, if it isn't
.” The ball, no longer le beanpole, corrects him. His usual prim timbre now sports and underlying, tired cadence. John eyes the crown of inky curls patiently, as it’s the only thing he can see, really--the boy was practically
to bring them to this particular case."
"Case? Did you just say case?"
The odd sight results in an alarming, searing pang lurching in his chest and bottoming out his stomach. Sherlock stutters in his beckoning at the increased unease in his chest cavity, allowing the sign to lower just a bit before abruptly slamming it down onto the pale surface of the woodwork in front of him with a quiet crackle and
“Once in a lifetime.”
John frowns at his shivering form in the hallway, “Planning to be, wouldn’t my stalker know?” then turns to unlock the door when Sherlock glares back at his concerned stare. Jesus, he just found the guy freezing to death on playground equipment, could you blame him for being a little careful? A question still gnawed at him though. How the hell had the entirety of the morning rush managed to turn a blind eye to a—quite blatantly—dying student?
John shivered as a particularly chilly breeze rushed by, tousling his hair and clothes. He stuffed his hands into the pockets of his jeans, hoping to salvage some blood flow before his fingers went numb. He’d just arrived and he felt as though the whipping winds were creating small creatures of ice to scamper beneath his jumper. Slithering and crawling leeches draining any and all warmth they were. Clenching his gloveless hands, John tried to recall the low for today's weather forecast he’d half-way listened to on the telly this morning. Damned distracting hand-gun.
Headlights glared at them from down the alleyway and turned off. Then repeated the action a few more times. He met the light unblinkingly, staring at the two yellow circles until his eyes burned. They seemed as intimidating as they did inevitable. "That's our signal, let's move." John nodded towards the van and began walking, paper bag in hand.
Something finally caves at the unexpected plea, and it hurts. John feels tears spring to his eyes, and crinkles his stinging nose to hold it back. Sherlock….Sherlock is not—this. He  He’s not. It’s so strange. So wrong and John feels awful for feeling this way. Sherlock was only human, of course he felt too. John was retarded to think he hadn’t to begin with, but he wants Sherlock back, John wants his arrogant and clever blasé back.
He bites back an entirely irrational sob of frustration.
.” Sherlock tries at French, confused and shy. Nothing new there. And resolutely stares the other way. He’d reached the section of the corridor where the doors sidled to his left while the right half of the hall was open to view the city’s many stubby structures and vendors made small at fist glance by the good distance granted by the university’s pretentious obelisk mounting the acre of catered, crisp green. Where the school’s rugby field broke off remained out of sight and perpendicular to his panicked form. Hopefully Sherlock needn’t have to jump the rail and book it over, just walk there like a sane pedestrian and use hallways for their crafted purpose.
A flicker of surprise pauses John, but John’s been taking lessons in learning to not question Sherlock’s unnatural nature. Now only habitual wraiths of John’s sanity remain.
What he wasn’t expecting, was a clammy grip on his wrist. Much less the panicked
Moreover, John couldn't afford mistakes. Not anymore. His small network was suffering. More so than usual to clarify. All thanks to this...
Grasping the hand in his own, he lowers his other to John's waist. Feeling slightly smaller, warm calloused ones scrape across the sides of his black coat and rest on his own. As a new song comes on, this one appears to be more jaunty-La foule?-, he decides to ask. "May I ask what’s brought you here?"
“I know.” Sherlock replies, the instinctual urge to spill John’s indubitably slimy guts out to him rearing its head. He wants to smack himself for a moment, because that’s the
"A garbage bag. I was looking for a garbage bag. Would you happen to have a thirteen gallon?"
Sherlock inwardly jeered at the thought. "Surely you're aware of what happens to non believers?"
and he
Sherlock was merely some creepy psychic or stalker who knew everything about anyone. The negative feedback shocked John for a second, because the object of their ire was so…brilliant. Otherworldly in a way, sure,  but couldn’t they see past their initial alarm? The assumptions made sense, but once they saw the method to the invasion of privacy it was actually pretty cool.
Exhaling sharply, irate glare still in place, Greg tapped the glass of his wrist watch, making rapid little clicks. "
Glaring at Lestrade as he rose from the desk. "I'm
A sigh. "
Sherlock just glared right back, only accentuating it with a disbelieving scoff. A true drama queen if John ever met one. “I’m sure your forty-year old
"Yes. Yes, I'm fine."
The man’s eyes widened in surprise, then narrowed as he flicked his mercurial gaze over Lestrade’s form like reading a book. “ You’ve had an experience with mythical daemons before.”
Hamish glanced at him, but turned his gaze back to Mycroft. “It was all roundabout, but yes, I traced the source back to Moriarty. Unfortunately, if I just kill the man I will set the same problems into motion.”
“Ah, John. Helios has previous tracking training, then. The Army, of course, there’s always something.”
Don doesn’t look good. He’s on his own to John’s left. His arms are pinned uncomfortably above his head, but he can still sit. Which is fortunate because his right leg is gone. The blast had hit him first and the shrapnel had taken out everything beneath the knee. Now his trouser leg is a bloody mess, though someone had tied one of the army-issue, black tourniquets around the knee and wrapped everything up with cloth that looks suspiciously like torn t-shirts.
John hesitates for just a moment, but Smith pushes him. “Move, they can handle it.”
Sally scowled. “Shut it, freak. I guess if two sociopaths bond the marks would have to be high. It must be easy to form a connection when there are no emotions involved.”
“Captain, you got shot. You had a hole in your lungs. I don’t think you should be planning a hospital escape. We’re at Croughton, I’m pretty sure we’ll be safe on base, American run or not.”
Lestrade has pages and pages of reports laid out before him. He has been looking at them all day with Sally, he was there, at the crime scene. Yet in fifteen minutes of
(See the end of the chapter for
Hamish shrugged, “Not this time, find someone who needs a left lung lobe. I’ll even him out a bit”
John narrows his eyes, head tilted in an unasked question.
Sherlock settles between the graves, leaning his back against Mummy’s. The cold stone seeps through his coat and shirt. He ignores the discomfort, wrapping his coat tighter around him and crossing his arms over his chest. He leans his head back against the stone and listens to wind screaming through the forest.
“Well,” Sally looks askance at the mucus,” judging by the projectiles, they were high level goblins. They could have handled the salt while it was still in the packaging, especially if they contained it first.”
Sherlock is stunned, looking up at his lost mate with wide-eyed wonder, but Lestrade’s reflexes are police honed and he shoves them both out of the water and onto dryer land.
“Shh, don’t try and speak,” Don kneels at his side, leaning over so he is in John’s line of sight. “We are going to fix your leg, it
They entered the Met side by side, marked arms touching with every step. The body was still young and sensitive. Distance would still result in bond sickness, with a bond as strong as theirs, separating may always result in sickness.
“Naw,” John shakes his head, a real smile curving his lips, “it was brilliant.” The smile disappears quickly, replaced by a contemplative look.
John is at his side, his wings working just as hard, but John is all compact muscle and restrained strength. His wings take him quicker into the air and he hits an updraft that carries him higher.
“Not quite the message I was going to send, but much more effective,” Moriarty comments, sounding pleased.
The man flicks down his butt, crushing it beneath his shoe. “You know you look kinda familiar, you work here?”
see, but the possibilities of what are to come are surprisingly optimistic, and isn’t that just the thing.
“Of course, thank you, professor.” Mycroft puts his scores in his satchel and secures it over his shoulder. It is an old thing, aged and scarred leather unsuitable for a Cambridge student, but it had been a gift from his mother. She had built it with her own hands, interweaving every piece with powerful arithmancy runes. A gift much too precious to be scorned simply because of its aged appearance.
Seb rolls his eyes, like Moriarty is a headstrong toddler and not a criminal mastermind. “I know you wanted to play your game, but this one is much less likely to end with a bullet in your brain.” He gestures to Sherlock, “I’m sure you can come up with something new. You always say you’re so changeable.”
“He also smells of mildew and a type of moss found in west London, brick dust from before the 40s,” Hyperion practically purred.
Sherlock murmurs through the bond, sending whispers of what each observation means.
“Can I borrow a light, mines out,” a man asks, approaching Sherlock.
Sally rolls her eyes, but stays silent on the matter.
“Ta,” John salutes with his lager and heads over to his usual corner.
Third, If you are confused by the sudden change of scenery, this story is designed in sets of two. First two chapters following Mycroft and John, second two following Lestrade and Sherlock. Hope that isn't too confusing, it'll make more sense as I get more chapters up.
“That a boy,” Don gives him a tired grin from his spot in the passenger seat.
Sherlock stares at him for a long moment before giving a decisive nod. “I have a plan.”
“Hmm,” Sherlock scratched behind his crest, “I know where he is.”
Greg Lestrade was a twenty-year-old, wet-behind-the-ears, constable the first time he had gotten called into a homicide. His Detective Inspector had actually apologized, not wanting to break Lestrade in on a murder that involved kids, but they were short staffed that night and Greg drew the short straw.
Q avoids looking at Mycroft directly, a flush of color spreading across his cheeks. “I...ah...I’m not sure. I haven’t reached its limits yet, but I know the wood will give a warning if you store too much.” He fusses with the second object, a small black pouch with a drawstring. He tilts the bag on it’s side and a collection of different stones tumble out.
Lestrade looks at Soo Lin, to Sherlock, and back to Soo Lin. “Really?”
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
John scowls, “People do look at that you know.” After coming back from Baskerville, Sherlock had taken simpler cases. They were both still recovering so they stuck to thefts and cheating spouses with the exception of a high profile kidnapping case that Lestrade had asked for help with. John had tried his hand at typing some of the cases up in a blog, and surprisingly he has readers, readers that are not just Harry and Bill. Sherlock is a little sore that John’s blog gets more attention than his own.
His irritation fades away as he pulls up to the crime scene, however, the bright flash of caution tape changing his focus. He steps out of the car, approaching Sally. “What have we got?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Moran smiled at them, a wide grin that made him look much younger than his suit (Westwood?) suggested. “Hello,” he greeted.
“Don’t fret so aingil, I would not harm your charge,” she tuts.
“Information gathering.”
“Fine,” she huffs, and leaves with a dismissive wave of her hand.
Sherlock sputters. “Useful! I’ve been invaluable. You nearly ruled the case an accident.”
“I thought it would be a level 1, I was certain,” Sherlock spoke out loud this time, running his fingers along John’s mark. John could feel a sparking heat every time his finger went from the smooth texture of the mark to his bare arm.
Vision Remix
“Hong Kong.”
“No,” Sherlock says tightly, “there won’t be anything to see.” He turns sharply and heads out the door.
The hound’s weight shifts and it leaps into the air, jaws wide and fangs glistening. A sound like a cannon splits the air and the beast falls to ground, sliding to a stop at his feet.
Lestrade yanks his phone back. “A class 7 attempting a class 10 summoning, it is the natural assumption.”
With his phone tucked in his pocket, Sherlock composed a text by touch to Lestrade.
John walks over to the bed and perches on the edge, one wing spread out across the covers like a blanket of feathers and the other touching the floor. “How are you feeling,” he asks, avoiding the subject terribly.
“It was a bit strange, I’ve never known a Vision to be like that. I mean it was a whole scene,” Lestrade piped up.
Sherlock snatches the medication and gulps it down. It slides down like syrup with a heavy dose of medicinal flavors, they are too convoluted to identify and the flavors are masked with artificial grape.
Every one in the world is born with one half of a Soul Metal, the other half leading to their soulmate, but while living on the dangerous streets of London, the Holmes brothers have other issues to worry about.
His parents had been avid practitioners, always researching new spellcraft and alchemy. They had converted the sunroom at the front of the house into a lab for this purpose. The wall to wall windows illuminate the space, bringing life to the various plants filling the room.
“I can’t even argue with that one, I’ve been up to my ears in paperwork ever since the first bomb. That mess at the pool seemed to multiply it ten fold. Which seems to be mostly your fault,” Lestrade grinned, shooting a playful glare at John.
John faces her, she’s in a modified form of body armor, lighter and less restrictive. “Why did you offer to help?”
“You know me, then,” Sherlock commented. He was surprised by that, while some parts of London’s underbelly knew his name, he was hardly famous, or infamous as it where.
The boy that comes out of the shop looks to be in his twenties, but Greg suspects that is a carefully maintained image. He is dressed in a clean black jumper and a pair of simple slacks. Its only because of Sherlock that Greg takes a closer look. The edges of the jumper are starting to unravel, and the trousers are heavily faded and about two sizes too big. His shoes resemble dress shoes only in the fact they are black, otherwise they are heavily scuffed and worn. All of these things are easily ignored, for the way the boy holds his head tall, posture stiff, and looks upon the world as if it is beneath him.
“John!” James shouts. He pulls John’s hand away, replacing it with his own. The golden glow helps distract him from the pain. Warm blossoms in his sternum, and John realizes that James is attempting to heal him. The only exception to angel healing is other angels, but James is attempting to heal something that isn’t physical.
John shoves his thoughts away, grabs his bag off the ground and marches over to the cot that had once been his. He tears his zipper open, ready to just dump the whole bag into a drawer, but stops at the sight of the package on top.
“I’m sure,” John states, holding strong. After having three classes with the professor he is aware of her teaching methods. She is very fair, but has a habit of slipping questions that haven’t been covered in tests and quizzes just to see their response.
Grinning like a loon, Moriarty waved over the two idiots. “Drop Agent Carson off at the Diogenes, and be careful of him, he just had surgery after all.”
Lestrade takes a closer look. Around the man’s wrists and ankles are large bruises and chaffing from the ropes. Further down his limbs are welts and further bruising. In a few places the skin was broken and dried blood flakes on his skin. The worst of the marks are concentrated on the man’s stomach, where it looks like someone had taken a lash to him. Lestrade shakes his head, clicking his tongue with a tsk. “He was tortured. He pulled against the ropes. He fought, but there are no signs of magical struggle. He should have been able to burn through those ropes with ease. There aren’t even scorch marks.”
“Yes, I had my Soul Vision my first year of college and met your father a few weeks later, but you are much to young to be asking such things. Why don’t you wake your brother for breakfast.” She ruffled his curls.
“John,” Sherlock whispers, sounding so young.
“Here, John,” She whines in the distance, sounding woozy, but okay.
Hamish grinned at her, he couldn’t help it, even threatened, Irene was trying to gather information. “No, but I rather think he wants to. Do you think you’re a test? I can’t decide if Jim would be horribly jealous or completely ambivalent. “
“Do we have enough time?” John asks.
“Oh you know,” Dr. Frankland says, tapping the side of his nose, “a little of this and that.”
“Hey, yourself,” Lestrade says, moving to the side of the bed. “How you feeling?”
“Really?” John asked.
There are the animal cages of course, some very large, that set his teeth on edge, but as far as he can tell all the cages are empty. They must hold the animals in another lab, and only do the testing on this floor.
The man is in his mid-twenties, just a constable, but he is working along side a detective for a day which explains the rumpled suit. The fingertip callouses that Sherlock first thought of as a banker’s, were the result of filling out paperwork in an attempt to get on his boss’s good side.
Molly’s hands are shaking as she presses her fingers over her lips, tears welling in her eyes. She shakes her head, “I can’t, I can’t… We moved and it was so pale my parents took ages to realize what had happened. I thought I would never find you. I couldn’t feel anything, there was no… no draw.”
“Clearly you do,” Mycroft sighs, and Sherlock can imagine him rubbing his brow in exasperation. “I’ll send a more suitable replacement shortly, brother dear. Do try to behave in the meantime.”
He tries to craft a spell, but he can’t move his hands, throat paralyzed. He can only turn and run. The darkness stretches before him, never changing. He runs and goes nowhere.
When they take Z, he looks nervous, but still strides out of the room with all the grace one can with their hands chained behind their back. He returns with a broken nose and a limp, but gives them a bloody grin when he’s chained beside Murray again.
The warning in the letter “
“Captain,” Bill looked serious, “that crazy guy knew your name, he was looking for you.”
Temasek sighs, a rush of air that ruffles John’s feathers. The Guardian closes his eyes, looking weary. “Very well fledgling. May you be triumphant.” He lifts out of the water in a grand arch, tail splashing as he dives beneath the surface, gone.
“Well put him out his misery,” a voice from behind the dark man called, “we can’t leave witnesses.”
That was the same year Mycroft appeared at his door.
“That’s oddly poetic,” John murmurs, turning his face towards the window to hide the red burning his cheeks.
John ‘hmms’ in encouragement.
Sherlock takes in a sharp breath before he snaps, “Fine.” The line goes dead with a click of finality.
“Come on, John,” Sherlock calls, grabbing the other boy’s hand and dragging him out of the room.
“Third eye?”
“Then I think we’ll take that upstairs bedroom,” John answers, just as he hears the pounding of police footsteps from downstairs.
“Wrong!” The voice is sudden and sends a spike of alarm across Lestrade’s senses. He stands, spinning to face the newcomer.
Golden light erupts from the water with a splash, droplets raining down on the bridge and it’s inhabitants. Mycroft scrubs the water from his face and wonders if they will ever manage to meet a guardian without being soaked.
Wiggins was screaming for help, unable to move or crawl as his leg squirted blood.
Now John has some sort of bond sickness, and Sherlock has bounded off only god knows where in search of the mad scientist that had started the whole thing. Lestrade gives a long suffering sigh, feeling, not for the first time, that he needs another vacation, or a new job, maybe both.
Sherlock isn’t in the basement, and when he checks the main floor and the 2nd story, he doesn’t find him there either. His heart is pounding by the time he gets to the car and Sherlock isn’t there. He checks his phone, hoping for a message, and finds his wallet missing. “Fuck,” he snarls, of course he ran off on his own, couldn’t wait 5 minutes for Lestrade to finish asking questions.
“My, come on. It’s been a long night,” Lestrade appeared at his shoulder, radiating calm.
John scratches the back of his neck, looking away, he feels
Sherlock doesn’t say anything in response, but the look he shoots him says enough.
He had to struggle with his CO to get out of cover and grab Wiggins.
John wants to say something, but it isn’t the time and he has nothing to offer. Instead, they move back down the corridor they had come from, moving as quickly as they can with the injured.
Bruiser is fast, he reaches out and snatches the violin from Sherlock’s hands. He doesn’t try to hold on, doesn’t want to break the delicate neck of his instrument.
“Oy, wait!” Lestrade calls after them, stunned, but Sherlock has summoned a cab with his usual skill and is off without a word of explanation. “Shite,” he cusses, watching them drive away.
Navamas laughs, her humor only mildly dulled by the day. “Welcome to Marina Bay Sands.”
He falls into it, before pulling a sodden napkin from his pocket and sneezing into it. John notices the touch of ketchup on the side of his mouth, the coffee spill on the napkin, and the smudged phone number. He notices these things in the same off hand manner his training as a doctor noticed the insomnia, sweating, and dilated pupils.
Hamish waved away the comment, a perfect imitation of Sherlock. “I left your agent alive, and the Libyan deserved it.”
After that, the trail went cold. John left his hospital in Croughton with his medic Bill Murray well before he was released, and then nothing.
Lestrade grabs his wrist when the mark is almost to his palm. “What are you doing?”
“Yeah I can imagine,” John pulls the book closer to get a better look. “I wouldn’t think the Guardian would be pleased.”
Sebastian chuckled, “Don’t judge Doctor. You have your own skeletons, besides I think you missed the point where I said network. Killing off the head of the snake activates responses I am trying to avoid.”
Dr. Franklin looks straight at him. There are huge circles under his eyes, he looks exhausted and...resigned.
John takes a closer look at it then. The wood reeks of old magic and he can tell there is something off about the fabric, but isn’t sure what.
They found a crumbling bridge hidden in the depths of the warehouse district. In the fading sunlight there was a huddle of threadbare blankets and newspaper under the bridge.
“No, I suppose it doesn’t. I just can’t let you go on, I just can’t. So sorry.”
Sherlock scoffs again, letting his head fall back. “I’ve already done that experiment. I can work with the information around me easily enough. For instance I know that you showed Sally your wings for the first time today. She did not respond well initially, but came around given time. I cannot, however, work from photographs.”
John perks up, curious. A brother?
“I am,” Mrs. Hudson straightens in challenge.
“T..th..three,” Henry stutters, pushing his sleeve back down.
He scrabbles on the tile floor, half crawling, half lunging from the momentarily stunned beast. He spins and fires another shot, his vision is still blurry, but he hears a sharp whine that means he probably hit it. He sprints away from the creature, his limbs feeling sluggish and heavy as he bolts across the lab.
“Uh, John,” John says, clenching his hand nervously, unsure if he should offer it.
Agent Smith awaits him at a maintenance door, which would look inconspicuous if it wasn’t reinforced steel with three sets of locks more than normal.
He types in Smith’s number with angry jabs, knowing he should not speak with anyone in this mood, but not caring.
This time it was John’s turn to scowl, “I’ll keep my eyes open, I promise. Oh and ‘Crimson’ for 3 down.”
“Thanks Doc,” John gurgles, giving a crooked grin. He looks insane with blood coating his teeth.
“I thought you’d appreciate the artistry.” Hamish waved away the compliment, “I sedated him and wrapped the incisions. He can be dropped off now.”
Getting back to the wall, took him shooting five men in the head, and taking a shot to the shoulder, but he made it. He gave Wiggins a chance.
Ruiz is armed with an M4, copper magic at the ready.
John presses a kiss to one ridiculous cheekbone. “Yeah,” he whispers back, feeling the foreign thoughts settling into place, “I can hear you, too.”
“John?” Murray prompts.
“No,” Mycroft fights off a shudder, he has no interest inducing that sort of rage in a Guardian ever again. “When I had my vision, I saw where she was going to be.”
“We need something strong, something to scare them off,” John whispered and flipped through his book. “Here,” he murmured, pointing at a picture of the Enfield. It was a fox mixed with a falcon and looked scary pouncing on the mouse in the book. “Or a…” he flipped to the last entry he had been looking at, the Zburator. It was a blend of wolf and dragon and could breath fire. Fire would be good, that would scare them.
Mycroft huffed, “Bravery is just a kind word for stupidity.”
Lestrade watched him go; dread filling his chest. This wasn’t going to end well.
“Its not my fault you pissed off the Barnfield Boys,” John rolled his eyes, but his voice was filled with fond exasperation.
“Are you alright, love?” Mummy fusses, kneeling down so she can get a better look at Sherlock’s arm.
“No I like it,” Bill gestures at the aged decor, “It’s very...London.” Bill quirks a brow, looking pointedly at John’s hand curled around his beer, “So I see you’ve finally escaped your fancy cast.”
“Oh easy, easy,” the King gestures with his wing, swatting John in the ear.
“I will come back tomorrow, say noon, would that be acceptable?” Moran asked, pushing himself out of the chair.
“Go,” Smith shouts, shoving him out of the way. The Nalusa Falaya shoots forward, merging with the beast. Smith gestures, launching a claymore spell.
The halls are long and startling white with a floor of pale orange that looks nothing like their bright school colors. The whole place has that oppressive hospital scent that is somewhere between cleaning supplies and sickness. Each door is a light tan wood composite with a code lock on each handle. It is eerily quiet, apparently a not often used region of the hospital.
