-I have to apologize, too. Fuck... I'm sorry for the way I behaved yesterday and especially for the things I said.
The detective wore, as usual,  a high tailored suit over a purple shirt, John's favorite shirt, curly hair arranged with the many expensive products that crowded the top shelf of their bathroom cabinet, and two rainbow stripes on Sherlock's cheeks.
Hamish looked perfectly at ease in his new position, one hand clawing around John sweater and the other on his right cheek, drool slowly falling from his parted lips down his chin.
The girl nodded, following John into the living room and sitting on the couch, suddenly cleared of all the tomes of medicine and Hamish's clothes.
There was a hypothesis he hadn't considered: John had gone on a romantic date with his pesky fly, was it possible that it was Mr. Micheals who sent him that message?
When the last patient's file was also perfectly filled out and delivered to Stephanie for the archive, John knew he had no other excuse to stay at the clinic: it was time to confront Sherlock.
-Mh... I can see a certain fascination in you, but personally I wouldn't be interested" Mycroft said with a slight vein of contempt in his voice.
-Let's go, John!- Sherlock said, walking with quick steps toward the door, followed a short distance by the doctor.
Sherlock slightly moved away from the doctor, as much as he needed to meet his gaze again, sinking into John’s blue ocean eyes.
The only thing that mattered to man was that he was able to carry out his plan: he had untangled the spider's web.
Sherlock finally realized that the stories about your one-night stands weren't just stories, so what?
-The guy who found the body had sex with John while your brother was away and Sherlock was dying with jealousy... They had a big fight until John finally decided to end things between them.
-I’m curious... Are there support groups around London for everyone you've slept with over the years? -the detective then asked to John.
"If it will make you feel better, we didn't make love. It was just sex" said Sherlock, who was genuinely convinced that that information could help his cause.
The cabbie’s voice pulled him away from his thoughts, leading him to glance out the window, being for a moment flabbergasted by what he saw to his right.
Sherlock had spoken at length, his back to their living room looking outside the window at the people walking though Baker St. in their flamboyant and colorful clothes and costumes, some of it maybe too raunchy for a Saturday summer afternoon. After saying the final words of his speech Sherlock was certain that his ideas and his stand on the matter was clear and that he had managed to change a little bit his partner's mind about their issue too.
There'd be a line of guys ready to flirt with me just so they could brag about how they slept with Sherlock Holmes' ex-boyfriend... You don't know how much I'd like to fall asleep and wake up when everything is back to normal- retorted John snorting annoyedly.
The doctor wrapped the sleeve around the girl's arm and turned on the machine that would control both the pressure and the heartbeats.
Just then the doorbell rang, and John walked up the stairs to rescue Sally and Greg from Mrs. Hudson, leaving the two men alone in the apartment.
Mycroft had told him that Mondays were John’s crazy nights; what more was he to expect from the doctor?
From the small but bright light in the kitchen John could catch a glimpse of a long and ethereal body on the sofa, clearly asleep, which made him smile.
From the tone of voice Sherlock guessed that the stranger had to be young, no more than thirty-five years old, clearly with an important role, accustomed to command and to see her orders executed without discussion, given the authoritarian tone that she was unable to hide even in the friendly tone with which she addressed John.
Following the rhythm of the music, Sherlock began to move his hips, closing his eyes thus granting John a few moments of privacy and even the opportunity to sneak away in the crowd in case he suddenly changed his mind.
Smiling at him, John placed his hand on his left side, in a gesture neither too intimate nor too formal.
Without knocking, the familiar yet estranged man opened the door of his office and stood in the doorway, and in that instant the Detective understood.
All I can tell you is that every Tuesday, after leaving the clinic, Dr. Watson disappears for a few hours and then reappears at Dr. Sawyer's house.
Okay, he had to consider the possibility that it were just words said in a moment of passion, considered John, again in front of the partially smeared mirror by steam, the toothbrush in one hand and the toothpaste in the other.
Standing in the doorway, John picked in the hallway and as soon as he met his father's gaze, he felt every single muscle in his body stiffen: Hamish Watson stood still on the kitchen doorstep, one arm placed under Hamish's butt while the other arm was bent at chest height holding between two fingers the small hand of the child who, perfectly at ease, carefully observed the elderly man as if he wanted to catalog every wrinkle, facial expression or patch of skin.
In the short period of distance an important factor had intervened to disturb the quiet of their daily routine and, although at first the detective was firmly convinced that it would take a few days to create a relationship between John and Hamish, now he had to deal with reality: the doctor seemed willing to bond with the child, but completely reluctant to strengthen the old relationship that until a few days ago had tied him to Sherlock.
The pilot turned off the engines and behind him, in the tourist class separated from the first class by a simple blue curtain, he heard the applause of the other passengers, clearly happy to have arrived at their destination, safe and sound.
"It is difficult to distinguish hunger cramps from those that could be caused by the baby" the girl said.
We had prepared an elaborate plan not to be discovered, but when we came face to face with her, Irene knew perfectly well who we were and welcomed us completely naked, trying to make Sherlock uncomfortable.
In doing so, however, he would run the risk of ruining the evening, finding himself with the bill to pay without having had dinner at all.
It was like a sudden fire burning in my stomach and I couldn't stop thinking about you with other men in stranger places.
-Okay. It’s not what it might look like… I'm just trying to help him! Or would you rather I leave him on the street in those conditions? -Greg asked him trying to hold back the anger that clearly leaked in his voice.
His years in the Army had left him the ability to fall asleep everywhere and wake up to the slightest noise, but his years with Sherlock had shown him the difference between a breaking in and another of the absurd experiment of the detective, so that he could go back to sleep, sure of his safety as well of the safety of the other residents of 221 Baker Street.
It would have made your coverage even more real" he muttered, thinking back how many times he had come close to that goal.
But there was still so much that John was hiding from him, that Sherlock would do anything to find out the truth.
Sherlock immediately brought his eyes back to the man’s face, ready to apologize, looking for a way to fix his mistake, but the expression on John's face confused him: he had expected pain because of the sensitive tissues, but the main emotion on John's face was a mixture of embarrassment and lust and pleasure.
Only once that agreement was reached did the black-haired man look up, finding four pairs of eyes fixed on him: he turned to John and noticed the look of disbelief and at the same time appreciation (
He felt the unreasonable need to be as close as possible to John but, contrary to that morning when his body was governed by desire and the attraction he felt for John, now all he really needed was to be as close as he could be to the one person who, despite the problems, quarrels and misunderstandings, always remained by his side.
-Oh, yes please, take me to the precinct, so I say hello to all your colleagues... If you only knew how many of them come by during their work hours- Daniel commented vicious, a harsh look in the eyes.
"So maybe after dinner we can pick up from where we left" Daniel said, referring to their previous talk.
- Sounds like a good idea. I'll pay you ten pounds like when you were a little boy-added the old man.
"That you were a truly stubborn man and that only John was able to make you a little more polite" said the woman with a slight smile, "But also that you were  brilliant and that once someone gained your trust and affection it was forever-continued Mrs. Hudson.
He felt the distinct feeling of something being shoved into his pocket. Something small by a hand he recognized. Sherlock glanced up to look at John, who seemed to be avoiding his eyes, his gaze fixed on his, now, wife.
Sherlock had prepared a speech and he wasn't to deviate from it. It had been one of the hardest parts of this entire ordeal. In the end, it had turned out, there wasn't much he wanted to say. There wasn't much left to say.
He looked back at John, sitting next to him on the couch, a champagne glass in hand and a studious look on his face. He was watching Mrs Hudson pick a present from the cornucopia at the tree, eyes skimming quickly over the card, before digging in and tearing the paper. It fell and rested at the ever growing pile on the floor.
"Maybe I can find a way to stop the wedding, Sherlock!" He shouted from the hallway "Just let me know"
"Mrs. Hudson was right. You really are losing it, aren't you? I don't think I've ever seen you like this"
It would be so easy to just walk away, Sherlock thought. Stroll through the decorated gardens and make his way to the busy streets of London. He wouldn't dare go to 221B, not yet. But there was an endless number of places in the city where he could go. And even more of them where he knew he wouldn't be found.
The detective was quiet, and Sherlock glanced up to find him sitting on the opposite couch, which annoyed Sherlock, twirling the napkin in his hand, looking pensive. Something was definitely wrong with the scene appearing in front of Sherlock's eyes.
A watch. A man's, to be precise, sat delicately in the box. So it wasn't a suitor of the opposite gender for a change. A bit daring for John, but perhaps he'd begun to grow bored of the numerous Sarahs and Wendys and Janettes he'd met over the years.
Sherlock noticed how John was clenching his fists, his posture stiff and his stance more military, which he always did when he was angry. And at that moment, it was clear that he very much was.
He paused to analyse the situation. John's non-verbal cues seemed to indicate his reasoning was somewhat correct. The closed-off posture, the slight tensing of the biceps, his right fist clenched.
"The first time you two showed up at the apartment together, the way you looked at him...I thought you two were a steady couple. To this day I don't understand why you haven't..." She trailed off, smoothing the front of her party dress with her hands "Well, I suppose it's too late for that now, isn't it"
The hall was filling up with guests, all in their finest clothes. Some he knew personally, some he didn't, most he didn't care to know. The place was lavishly decorated with all manner of white roses, Mary's favourites.
There was no way John knew, at least not at this time, what the card truly meant. It could be anything on that card. Theoretically speaking.
Sherlock had expected to hate her, it was inevitable, after all. The worst part was that Mary Morstan had turned out to be decent, if not painfully average, like all of John's partners were. It infuriated him beyond belief. Why couldn't the woman just cheat on him or drink too much or try to steal John's —albeit minuscule— fortune like any other person would?
Sherlock heard Lestrade's quick steps inching closer to him, and then he was blocking his field of vision. His coat lapel was flipped inside out, meaning he had gotten dressed in a hurry and hadn't been around anyone who could point that out. Sherlock thought it would be funny
He looked at her through the mirror, and discovered that she was, indeed, crying, holding a wet napkin to her teary eyes. The woman had known from the beginning.
John was looking down intently at his phone, typing quickly and excitedly. On his face was the stupid, honest grin of a man in love.
Sherlock was staring at it as he thought of a plan. Sinking on his hands and knees to suddenly retrieve it would be too suspicious, asking John to do it would be too risky—
Now, all he had to do was survive the night, while the love of his life had already gone on to marry someone else.
Sherlock had considered, of course, that being that dense was fallacious, a statistic anomaly. He'd considered the fact that John was simply choosing to ignore his affection, be it out of politeness or out of disgust.
It was past midnight and all around him was the aftermath of a particularly lively Christmas Eve. The kitchen table was hidden under a fine layer of apple pie crumbs and crumpled wrapping paper, gone were the microscope and bacterial samples, hidden away in the cupboards. Half empty champagne glasses laid haphazardly discarded on every flat surface in the living room, which just added to the air of chaos and festivity the flat had seemed to take on.
John gave him a concerned look that did nothing but further unnerve Sherlock as he reached his seat, making him glad to have already put a careful mask on his expression. Sherlock was so used to it now, every time he spoke to John. The caution, the silences, the distance. It was the only way to prevent himself from loving the man even more, from becoming more enamoured with him every day.
Rolled up in a ball, on the floor, right next to John's perfectly polished shoe was the card. The idiotic little card he'd been too sentimental not to write, too careless not to bring. And it was putting everything in danger.
In his rush to leave the place, he'd forgone his coat, and the November air wasn't clement in the slightest. You'd have thought God would have had some pity for a man marching right back to his own heartbreak.
Sherlock looked down as his hands and saw that they were trembling. He closed his fist around the miniature theatre cloth replica in anger.
"I never am. And you were only talking for a sixty-five seconds, Lestrade. Actually, I'd very much like it if you would stop doing it altogether"
No, John was too clever for that, too wholesome, too genuine. His choice in partners was as sane as it was bland. Coincidentally, it was one of the reasons why Sherlock knew John would never chose someone like himself, his own gender aside. The odds just weren't in his favour at all.
Sherlock pretended to think on that for a second, before dead-panning "Sadly, I can't seem to think of a thing."
It was only natural that the playboy John was would one day feel the need to settle down, choosing a woman whose company he didn't dislike. Sherlock had been preparing for the cursed, wretched day, ever since the moment he'd deducted that he was in love with John Watson.
He saw his friend's face morph into a look he didn't recognize as he stared at Sherlock in utter silence.
. But then again, John never did seem to have any trouble finding a mate, which was precisely what had gotten them in this situation in the first place.
It was pathetic. Even the slab of meat that passed for Lestrade's brain, that joke of a detective, had managed to figure out Sherlock's feelings. And yet the person he wanted most had no idea.
"If one didn't know better, one would think you were engaging in internal thought just now, Lestrade. That's frightening."
John took one long, audible breath. The look of sheer hurt on his face told Sherlock he'd perhaps gone too far this time.
"Because you only smoke when you're mad, and you're answering my questions with questions. As my therapist would say, you're deflecting"
"Just accept it, will you? It doesn't have to mean anything you don't want it to. Let it be a..." John trailed off, looking for the adequate word "testament to our friendship"
Sherlock continued "You're courting someone. Someone you don't want me to know about, by the looks of it. Someone you think I may disapprove of. Now, who is it, John?"
Lestrade got up with a sigh, dropping the napkin he'd borrowed on Sherlock's lap "Just let me know if there's anything I can do to help."
The accelerated heartbeat, the hideous feeling many called jealousy, the strange hurt in his chest whenever John didn't come to Baker street, obviously preferring to spend time with one of his many girlfriends.
"It's alright, Mrs. Hudson" Sherlock gave a sigh "There's nothing to worry about. John isn't dying, he is simply getting married"
Sherlock straightened the bow tie at his neck, which felt unfamiliar to him, as he looked at his reflection in his bedroom mirror. He much preferred going without a tie, but the occasion asked for one. His mood was positively sombre.
So he'd researched extensively, taking large inspiration from internet forums and premade templates, peppered in with some real anecdotes. He was sure his speech had a 97.33% chance of success with John.
Their eyes met for a second, and John gave him the most minute of nods. Sherlock, on the other hand, was terrified. Not only had he let his guard down, but he'd done so long enough for John to notice his distress.
John had been acting peculiar lately, his behaviour erratic, discordant with his ordinary, predictable ways. The escaping eye contact, the nervousness, the shaky hands, all tells of a man keeping a particularly nasty secret. Sherlock had, of course, been meaning to approach the subject, yet the occasion hadn't quite presented itself yet.
Everything in John's demeanour indicated curiosity, with a touch of apprehension, yet he didn't look like he was getting it any time soon, as he waited for Sherlock to provide an explanation.
Speaking of which, the man in question had still not pronounced a word since the others had left, as he sat next to Sherlock on the couch, looking pensive.
He was slightly out of breath from the rapid speech pattern with which he'd delivered his deductions. He waited expectantly for John's response, but felt confident enough in his skills to know at least most of it had to be correct. He was used to the process, yet something felt different this time. Sherlock couldn't pinpoint it, and it was driving him insane, but he felt he had missed something.
How was it possible that Mycroft Holmes, the "Iceman", had allowed a stranger, a perfectly normal man, to get under his skin so deeply that he could not even bear the idea of imagining a life without Gregory Lestrade?
-As I imagined... However, as I said, despite a few sporadic occasions, they have a good friendship.
John's first look at Mrs. Holmes completely upset his expectations: he had expected a tall, slender woman with Sherlock-black hair or tending to brown like Mycroft's, with a tongue as sharp as that of her children and equally wrapped in haute couture dresses.
It's getting late and I haven't yet notified the clinic that I’m taking a day off today" he said, looking at the detective.
On the thin line between sleep and wakefulness, John moved slowly into bed, decidedly softer and more comfortable than his own, becoming aware of himself and of the firm, warm body by his side.
-You are who you are, let us not sugarcoated our words; so I'm sure we can come to an agreement: tell me how much money you want to end your relationship with Gregory and I'll give it to you- he informed him.
During my last year, my high school set up a "Work of the Future Day": various stands were installed in the Assembly Hall with all possible information about various job possibilities.
Sherlock had spent a few hours toying with the idea of lurking around the clinic, waiting for John's shift to end, and then following him on his unknown expeditions.
-That's right, John! Are you telling me that you are not even a little bit curious about it, Sally? - asked Jack again.
Without even imagining the wonderful man with many different sides who hid under those horrible sweaters.
When Hamish was relaxed and in clean clothes, Molly showed him how to prepare the bottle, the exact doses of milk powder and water, how to check the actual temperature of the drink on his wrist to prevent the baby from starting to scream out loud because of too hot milk.
"Come on Lestrade, you know you need me" said Sherlock, hearing his voice ring out in the room completely silent, even though it was full of people sitting at the desks.
The man never spoke of feelings, trying to hide his own under a mask of indifference well developed over the years, so being asked such personal questions made him uncomfortable and above all annoyed him for his ignorance on the matter.
John crossed Sherlock's gaze for a few moments, and the detective could not help but shrug his shoulders.
"I promised John I'd keep an eye on you, and if I know you at least a little bit, I'm willing to bet you haven't touched food since John walked out of that door yesterday morning- Greg said.
As soon as they arrived at the crime scene to examine the body they started arguing  furiously" he recalled.
-Even in this matter you have the best ideas...- commented John, before attacking his lips to Sherlock’s neck again.
The kiss, a union of lips, teeth, and tongues left them satisfied, but hungry, and when their lips parted, two wheezing breaths broke the sudden silence of the room.
I would have let her believe in flying pigs if it helped her! - John yelled, pointing a finger at the detective.
-That we were going to fight and you'd leave slamming the door... Oh! -Sherlock recalled, leaving the sentence in half when he understood what John wanted to make him understand.
Baby Girl smiled again, happy to be able to enjoy those little displays of affection exclusively for a few more weeks before having to share them with the rest of the world.
Clutching the cup in one hand he approached his own armchair and set the mug on the coffee table not far away.
-No matter how much John tried to rebuild his life, or how much it has changed, in these three years he has never stopped missing you.
With his back against the door, one shaking hand moved over his face, only realizing in that moment of the tremor that had taken hold of his body.
-Of course it makes sense- John retorted with a hinted smile, moving his head slightly to meet Sherlock’s gaze.
The woman glanced at the apartment, cataloguing every detail, and the next moment she turned to John, giving him an affable smile and walking towards him.
Sitting behind his desk, making completely clear that Mycroft was in that office only for his visit, Mycroft Holmes looked as tired as Greg.
-I didn't have any rights? Fuck you, Sherlock!   - shouted John, shoving the detective away from himself, knocking the cane to the ground.
The doctor glanced at the chocolate cheesecake  placed in front of him, on his face a pleasantly surprised expression; the detective noticed the look that John threw at the slice of tiramisu that Sherlock had chosen for himself, clearly reading on the blonde's face the question that John preferred not to ask aloud, before taking a piece of his cheesecake.
Jack’s fingers caressed him softly an arm, trying to calm him down, to bring him back to reality, to reassure him that despite what had just happened, there would always be someone ready to pick up the pieces and help him move forward.
He had taken the merits of all his successes and, in a sense, it was right that he should also take responsibilities.
The memory of the discussion they had when Sherlock had read that post was still alive in his memory (and not only for the explosion that had occurred a few minutes after he had walked out from Baker Street) and into the walls of their apartment.
Even John, in the past, had let himself go to affectionate statements with his partners immediately after orgasming, and so he was well aware that at that moment the brain is so clouded that it does not know at all what is babbling.
All he could read about the man was just what John would disclosure to him: he knew about his nightclub nights, the conquests that led him to stay out on Monday night, the symbiotic relationship that now seemed to bind him to that damned Jack Micheals, but only because John had let him know.
Two days after returning to Baker Street, John had taken Hamish with him to the clinic for a check-up, to make sure everything was in order: the child had made Sarah and the nurses who had taken care of him fall in love, filling John with unexpected pride.
John approached him, heedless of the wet floor that socked his pants instantly and placed a loud kiss on his lips before searching again for his boyfriend’s ice-blue eyes.
There were some photos with Mrs. Hudson, clearly taken during previous Christmases seeing the hideous sweaters John persisted on wearing during that occasion, and very few photos with Harriet.
He had spent the last three years of his life cleaning up the apartment every week to avoid any possible interference in his life from Mycroft, yet he had managed to meddle in something extremely personal, the last private moment he had had with Sherlock.
John had turned his back on him, ready to return to the shack when Sherlock cancelled the distance between them and clasped both hands around the man's forearms, forcing him to turn around.
-Well... Personally I would be against your "return to work" anyway, but as your doctor I exclude it: although I have not yet checked, I think you have at least a broken rib, your eye and lower lip are swollen, you have bruises and scratches on your face and your hands due to the fight.
Although his intentions were to stay awake by the window to catch a brief glimpse of John returning from the club with Lestrade, the weariness of the past days and the jet leg got the better of him.
Just looking at his friend's incredulous stare was enough to know that there was no need for further explanation.
The man sighed in frustration and sank into his armchair, the bottle still in his hand; the next moment Molly stood by him, freeing him from the bottle and placing Hamish in his arms.
A wry smile appeared on the lips of older Holmes, leading him to cast a new glance at the little one perched on his shoulder.
"You know what I mean, or do you want me to become brutally specific as I can be?"  retorted Sherlock.
For a moment Sherlock wondered how John found that stories interesting, but never once had the doctor turned his attention away from the little girl, asking the right questions and comments, and even seemed to recognize some of the names said by the little girl, almost certainly thanks to previous conversations.
Despite the many questions that crowded into his mind, Greg took a deep breath and closed his eyes, aware that he would receive no answer.
Jack nodded his head, preparing to meet the ghost who had always hovered around the flat and in his relationship with John.
This scar is spectacular! It's a sign of your courage and strength, it's... it is a sign of destiny.
They were supposed to leave yesterday, but the last meeting was adjourned to tomorrow for some reason top-secret for us ordinary people... - complained Jack.
She met Sarah's gaze and read the same emotion: she was probably the only one aware of the feelings that bound him to man.
The sound of an incomprehensible murmur reached Sherlock's ear, leading him to cast a glance at the child, perfectly at ease in his arms, as if he had instantly recognized the bond that united them.
Also, ever since he returned to Baker Street, John had not stopped talking to Hamish, aware as much as Sherlock how important it was to helping the child's mental development and that it would stimulate Hamish's "curiosity" to say his first word.
Although Sherlock said he had not seen her since he was in Berlin, this did not rule out that they could have spoken through text, especially now that Hamish was in Baker Street.
His analytical mind scolded him for that inappropriate behavior, so far removed from his usual attitude, and the sound of a car in the distance reminded him that they were in the street, against the wall of a church nonetheless, but as much as the idea shocked Sherlock, he could not find within himself the motivation to break away from John.
Daniel stared at the British official's long, stern face for a few seconds before pulling back the blankets that had so far hidden him partially from the other man's gaze and moved with difficulty until he sat down.
The hint of a smile bent Sherlock's lips: Irene had not broken his heart, had not caused the same pain that John's absence had inflicted on him in those three long years, but had left a visible crack in his armor and heart.
Until then we were only friends, but there was always a strange tension between us, which I had never given much importance to because of my marriage to Katie; but after the divorce, it seemed useless to keep pretending.
John had been convinced for years that dominatrix was dead, so why bring down that certainty for someone he would never meet again?
"It took a while to overcome his inhibitions, the fear of displays of affection in public, and my fear of not being enough, but in the end, we reached a balance- Greg admitted.
He was certain that Mommy would find nothing wrong with John, that she would understand immediately that the man was his perfect match and would give them her blessing.
Are you here for unsolved cases or are you ready to go back into action with a new case? -Greg asked him resting his elbows on the desk top.
Did you really think you could afford the apartment only on the clinic's salary? - Sherlock asked him in a cold tone.
It was that tone, coupled with the idea of collaborating with Scotland Yard and Lestrade, that finally convinced him to make one last attempt at rehab.
Determined to continue that positive trail, John moved closer to Sherlock and placed a small tender kiss on his lips, his eyes open to meet the detective's ice-blue ones.
Personally I was bored and I think he was worried because his plans were progressing slowly: it had been almost two years since his Fall and he expected to have almost completed his task, while he was still halfway.
There's one last thing I need to tell you, and then I'm going to leave... If you were dead, I would have followed you.
Mrs. Hudson considered Sherlock a son, and in all those years she had never missed a visit to the cemetery on the anniversary of Sherlock’s death.
John returned to his desk and, when he raised his office phone, he informed Stephanie not to send in any more patients for at least forty minutes, before returning to sit behind the desk.
John had asked himself several times that week how to deal with the discourse, toying for a moment with the idea of putting the genius before the fact without much explanation, but his conscience had prevented him.
Jack greeted Sally with a kiss on both cheeks and moved aside to let her in, and as soon as she had put her foot in the living room, the woman froze at the sight of Sherlock.
John nodded, while a saddened expression took hold of his face; it was evident that in a few moments he would move away from him, so Sherlock strengthened the squeeze around the John’s hips, and forced him to meet his gaze again.
"Perhaps because I was unconsciously aware that they weren't the right person for my romance" he replied, placing a slight kiss on the detective's full lips.
John had returned to Baker Street, but at a Baker Street two months earlier when silence ruled the apartment and both he and Sherlock avoided speaking to avoid the outbreak of yet another argument.
-You can also list all the medical research that proves your point of view, but personally I prefer a little more meat when I hug you...-said Greg before taking the two dishes and heading to the living room.
I tried to tell him in every way, but he seems not to listen to me-said Sherlock, completely heedless of the shock that the restaurateur had just suffered.
Jack stared at him a few seconds before leaning closer to his friend's face and lightly touching his lips with his own, in a gesture of friendship that they had exchanged many times in the past and that seemed to calm John every time.
His first reaction was surprise, he was almost tempted to break away, but then he understood the true meaning of that gesture and let himself go against that known, solid and friendly body.
But Sherlock could not avoid lingering with his mind towards a forbidden thought, which had repeatedly been tickled by Mycroft and Lestrade: would they be able to evolve their relationship, or would they be content with the newfound friendship?
She's like the severed body parts in my fridge- he said, leading the other to arch a surprised eyebrow. -  An experiment... We had a great intellectual affinity, but nothing else- Sherlock explained.
Gregory had stared at him in silence for a few moments, unsure of what to answer until he had moved his hand from those of his partner and nodded slowly.
Certainly not for me that I spent two years dealing with car thefts and burglaries, for you that had to travel the world becoming a killer, or for John...-
“Your sister called: she said she's going to come over to see you once she's done at work" his father said from the hallway.
And if I were you, I wouldn't be looking for a hidden place, in fact I'm convinced it's in plain sight-said John.
"I just spent the last three hours in a waiting room at the hospital hoping that Daniel would get through surgery, that the doctors would be able to save him, blaming myself and you for what had happened to him" Greg said, clearly thinking cautiously to every word.
"He was doing the last photographs" Greg said, dropping midsentence, aware that it would be pointless to continue.
Looking back on Sherlock's face, their eyes met and for a moment, John felt the desire to go to Sherlock and absorb his charisma, his warmth.
"It was really fucked up Greg!" said John, raising his voice slightly.  -Especially today... - he added after a moment trying to control himself.
Surely Irene had been prodigal of attention, and Sherlock as a good pupil had undoubtedly learned all her tricks.
"There's something you need to see" Sarah said before turning around and heading down the corridor again.
"You're early" said Sherlock, standing in the hall, waiting for John to close the door behind himself.
-Come on... Let me look at you. I want to hear you shout my name...-John said laboriously, his lips a short distance from Sherlock's.
He quickly opened it by tearing the envelope and once he read the few words inside, he realized that everything was destroyed.
-Anyway... I don't want to brag, so all I'm going to say is that something happened, and it was really great- confessed Harry.
The red seatbelt signal went off a moment later and the man unfastened his own, sitting  motionless in his seat, as opposed to the bank manager sitting next to him who  hurried to double-check his papers for the thousandth time and to turn on its  iPhone, despite the express ban on hostesses.
On the short tube ride to South Kensington, Sherlock discovered that the little girl was Mary and Jack’s daughter, the troublesome fly that did not seem to detach from John even a moment, probably a youth experiment from the man.
The rest of the day passed quickly, one patient after another, focusing completely on his work and without giving himself any other distractions other than a short lunch to avoid arriving exhausted at the end of the shift.
"Can I help you?" he asked, a slight bored tone in his voice that reminded him of Sherlock and made him smile.
John had convinced himself that he had a few more days before the man told him that he had made a misjudgment, that their situation was irreparable, and that John would be better off looking for another flat.
You know I can be possessive, jealous, and self-centered. There were times when, imagining what I would find on my return, I told myself that nothing would change: we would always be John and Sherlock, Watson and Holmes-answered the detective cautiously.
-Every year Mycroft spends the equivalent of the British public debt on donations to various museums.
Suddenly John turned and looked at him, starting to walk backwards and hinting at a mischievous smile.
I told my teacher about our visit to the museum and she praised me in front of the whole class; so I thought we could visit some other museum and Uncle John and I could teach you something else about "Doctor Who"- the little girl began.
Mycroft endeavored to smile at him and stroked his short hair, still slightly damp after the shower.
A few hours later, hearing yet another knock on the door, he prepared to welcome a new patient, but was surprised when Sarah appeared on the doorstep.
It was only then that John realized a very important detail: his erection, that was evident when they had begun that interlude, was gone.
-We would have a fight and I would leave slamming the door behind me and in a couple of hours a bag with my clothes would arrive to the pub.
A mischievous smile appeared on Sherlock’s lips, making him realize that his thoughts were clear on his face even in that situation.
At seven o'clock, Sherlock stood waiting at the foot of the small staircase leading from the living room to John's bedroom.
John was clinging on to his anger with his teeth and his nails, categorically refusing to listen to reason: how far could they go on that way?
Impressed by those words, Sherlock remained silent for a few moments, tormenting the waistband of his robe with his long fingers, before looking up at his mother's face.
Sherlock watched her closely, reading in the nervous contraction of the jaw the woman's anxiety, in her slightly skinnier face the years of exoneration followed by his faux suicide and in her brown eyes the sincerity of those words.
His hands were sunk into his pockets and for an instant John wondered if they were wrapped in black leather gloves.
Sherlock had always been possessive of him, even when they were just friends and he thought John was straight, but now that he knew of his homosexuality John could clearly see that jealousy in his eyes whenever Jack was in their apartment.
His father was absolutely right: he knew what he was up against by agreeing to start a relationship with Sherlock, actually it was the idea of that challenge that excited him the most, the possibility that he could succeed where everyone else so far had failed.
Yes, now he understood his point of view, but that definitely didn't help him get better or give him a clue on how to fix their problem.
The doctor let out a frustrated sigh; is it possible that everything should be so complicated when Sherlock was involved?
Although the idea of returning to work with Sherlock did not fill him with joy, there was nothing else he could do, at least for the time being.
"I'm happy for  Greg, he's  one of my best  friends, but the less contact I have with Mycroft the better it is" he said.
Moreover, I could never deprive the City of London of the only living consultant detective- he merely answered in a quiet tone.
Greg returned his gaze, unsure whether to believe his insinuations or not, but once again deciding to drop the argument.
A new tension had descended between them, leading them to unconsciously decrease the distance between them and rendering them unable to move their gaze away from that of the other for more than a few instants.
With a small groan he had sat up on the sidewalk and had brought a hand to his mouth, wiping the blood that had come out of a cut on his upper lip.
I know there will be no shortage of teases and jokes between you and Mycroft, but I expect you to behave in the best possible way... In part, you owe me, since it's your first visit to the Mansion in three years.
Sherlock bent down on his knees and watched the body for a few moments with his pocket magnifying glass before standing up and giving way to John.
-Okay, why not... After all, you're the one who gets the worst deal in this situation-he retorted in the same joking tone as the other.
He had to start thinking about temporary accommodation: Sherlock loved that apartment and after all he found it first thanks to Mrs. Hudson, but John could not share the Baker Street apartment with the happy family.
Instantaneous tears began to press into the corners of John's sky blue eyes, leading him to lower his head as if he wanted to hide from the sight of the two homeless, his lips undone by a sigh of relief that he had not noticed having held back until that  moment, taking time to absorb Baby Girl words.
He stayed by the door and found himself nervous, took a deep breath and knocked twice, then dropped his arms along his hips and waited.
-The TV. I could be more specific, but I'm sure you'd forget the information immediately- John replied without turning around.
Those eyes were still fixed on him, insistent, intrusive, as if they wanted to make a hole in his back to get to his soul; force him with silence and the sole force of the gaze to turn around and face it.
Bill saved me and the kid by loading us up on the Rover, but we had to wait fifteen minutes before we could leave for the camp.
He watched him go to the kitchen and make tea, followed him with his eyes as he took out his favorite mug, then leaving the teacup on the coffee table.
John laughed and hid his face in the hollow on his partner’s neck for a few moments before meeting his gaze again.
I told you that women are not my area- replied Sherlock promptly, locking memories of an all-too-recent past that continued to contradict those words into a crypt of his Mind Palace.
For a few moments the ultrasound monitor was completely green, with gray spots appearing and then disappearing the next moment, until suddenly the screen turned black and a gray oblong spot appeared in that darkness.
"Don't waste the second chance you've been given" she said, walking to  the door-Turn off the lights when you leave” she said before leaving the morgue.
The child, fearing he had been left alone, began to complain, but just then in the room the notes of "
On a first look, he was a boring and ordinary person, a man grow older ahead of time with his cardigans, his ugly sweaters and his loafers.
It had been an eventful day... Damn it had been weeks since his life changed its perspective at any moment without the smallest clue to prepare him for the events that were about to happen.
Before Sherlock could answer, his senses informed him of John's presence, hidden behind the semi-closed door, listening to the conversation.
John had never been the type to have many social events, his ideal perfect night was eating take-away in front of the television with a cup of tea ready on the coffee table.
Jack immediately noticed the presence sitting in the chair, the same armchair that for all the years of his friendship with John, had always remained empty and inaccessible.
Years had passed and many things had happened: his mother had died, Harry had let herself go into the chasm of alcoholism, ruining her marriage to Clara and jeopardizing his own career as a lawyer, John had been injured in Afghanistan and had been sent home with honor and, although five years earlier he had not wanted to impose his presence in his father's house, he now desperately needed to return home.
Moments later they were in the street, wrapped in their coats and walked aimlessly along the Chelsea Embankment, silently observing the sporadic passers-by.
"Is everything ready for the big announcement?" asked Mycroft, carrying a few pieces of chicken chow mein to his lips.
-I really don’t understand why it's okay that you had sex with dozens of men, but it's wrong that I slept with Irene.
"Now Sherlock will take care of Hamish and I will make sure that he has everything he needs to...- began the British official.
You should know better than anyone, that sometimes behind the meanest person hides the most fragile one-
Mr. Watson allowed himself an additional moment to look at his son's face before stepping aside and letting him into the house.
That simple word brought him back to reality, ripping him away from his Mind Palace and his theories.
On the one hand I applaud his choice for discretion, but on the other it was really a bad decision- commented as if it were a secondary thought.
Sherlock nodded his head, taking a few steps in that still so familiar environment despite years of absence.
–The press conference was not over yet and already there were three journalists waiting for me outside the clinic, shouting their idiotic questions.
-I thought I'd bring you the Little Mermaid, but then I realized it wouldn’t fit in my suitcase... Do you settle for a box of sardines? -replied the other man ironically, before pulling the sandwiches out of the bag.
He asked me about school, the subjects I had chosen to graduate into, and what my grades were, and then he asked me what I would do after high school.
A thought crossed the doctor's mind, pointing out the similarities and differences between that date and their first dinner at Angelo’s, during the case of the lady in pink, and a slight smile stretched out his lips.
Since that dinner with Micheals, Lestrade and Donovan had been six days old and, in the meantime, Sherlock had wondered about the new relationships John had forged in his absence.
John chuckled slightly and shook his head: if there was one thing Sherlock had never made a mystery about it was his annoyance at anything that was even remotely connected to the institutions or the monarchy.
Lying would do nothing, not with Sherlock who was able to read his emotions and thoughts clearly on his face.
-It's going to end sooner than you think and then we're going to be home again. Also, you're not alone, me and Emma will protect you.
Someone who had the great Holmes intelligence and their hidden and sharp humor, his eyes and Mycroft reddish-brown hair, someone to play football with or dress up as princesses, someone to love unconditionally and feel loved in the same way, without the fear of losing him or her for a wrong word or a missed gesture.
He distractedly wiped himself with one of the various white towels available and looked into the small mirror above the sink, recognising himself for the first time in months; he performed  the morning ablutions, brushing his teeth and carefully shaving and come out of the bathroom, pausing a few moments in front of the two-door closet that occupied part of the bedroom.
He had shown him that he really cared about them, that he was willing to put himself in completely stranger situations in order to make him happy, that he had noticed his discomfort and his fears and that he wanted to reassure him in every way.
-Me? You are living proof that having a family was impossible for me, unless I went against myself- he had pointed out to him.
When his eyes met Sherlock’s, Hamish turned to him with a toothless and slightly drooling smile, to show him the happiness he felt in seeing him again after their brief separation.
No one else knew him as well as he did, and not only because of his deductions, but thanks to years of life together, always in close contact.
Letting himself be guided by the rhythm, Sherlock lowered his head and stroked the curve of his neck with the tip of his nose, breathing deeply the scent of sandalwood, oil and disinfectant that he had always connected to John, feeling a shiver running down John's back, followed the next moment by a strong callous hand that rose upwards to get lost in his black curls, sinking his hand as he had done the night before in a more private atmosphere.
The next moment the sound of heavy footsteps came outside his door, up the seventeen steps leading to their apartment and almost like an apparition Greg Lestrade arrived on his doorstep, accompanied by a slight smell of Indian food.
That's why at about eleven o'clock in the evening Greg grabbed his coat, turned off the lights in his office, said goodnight to the few agents still behind their desks and headed for the elevators.
This pain that now seems to consume everything will fade with time, but it will never disappear completely.
A little revenge for all the times Greg told us that he was not interested in anyone, or that he needed time to recover from the divorce, when instead he was going at it like a hedgehog- explained the other, a wry smile to stretch his lips.
Sherlock stood motionless in the embrace, until the woman broke off and looked at him for a few moments.
-Yes! All his friends will be fascinated by your charm and will fall madly in love with you... His charming dad-John commented with a smile.
Do you want to know what really happen? Call John and ask him a few questions about Daniel, he'll give you all the information you want- Greg concluded, turning his back on him and heading down the hall leading to the front door.
John looked around, slightly disgusted at the idea of being associated even remotely with Irene and, as a result, Moriarty, settling better in his own chair and crossing his arms to his chest like he was still a spoiled child angry with his mother for not getting an ice cream after lunch.
What if he took advantage of that moment when their defenses were completely annihilated  to express feelings that frightened him, that he was afraid of seeing rejected?
Emma turned her gaze to Sherlock, who had been in the kitchen the whole time, despite having now abandoned the cup of tea.
He glanced at the child and let Hamish lay his head against his shoulder, more comfortable, and stared briefly at his eyes fighting against sleep, before returning to stare at the wall in front of him.
Don't you want him to come back too? - he asked, lowering his gaze to intercept Hamish’s eyes again, but the boy’s attention was totally focused on his blue robe.
-I understand I will have to deal with John's anger when... - he began in a confident voice, interrupting himself when he saw Lestrade shaking his head.
A knot had tightened Sherlock's throat listening to those words, his eyes fixed on the stage where his doctor was putting his heart on display.
John lowered his head  and kissed him, instantly adapting to the slow pace of the kiss, brushing gently against Sherlock's lower lip, letting Sherlock decide when and whether to deepen the kiss.
I stopped the bleeding and we were almost ready to go when they started shooting at us... My first thought was the boy, so I tried to protect him while Bill and Joe loaded the others into the Rover" he recalled.
Between him and Sherlock it was over, this time for real: he could not get over what had happened with Irene and, curiously, the detective could not tolerate the one night stands John had had in the past three years with other men.
The hint of a smile that appeared on the man lips made John realize that he had succeeded in his intent.
John was definitely a patient man, otherwise he would never have been able to survive for eighteen months in the same apartment with Sherlock Holmes and his experiments and the severed body parts in the fridge.
The muffled sensation that seemed to have enveloped John disappeared instantly, and the doctor moved toward the table, spotting a small envelope at the bottom of the box.
-  It's rare to find someone who loves us despite our flaws, who defends us even when the rest of the world says we're wrong, when…- she said sighing.
Observing the embarrassed smile that framed the detective's lips, John decided to store the photo jealously, being the first unofficial photo taken from the newspapers he had of the detective.
Now that he had started to unleash his desires, a thousand ideas crowded into Sherlock's mind: should he caress John's chest or continue to tease his neck with his lips and teeth?
Once again Hamish was placed in the baby carrier against his father's chest, but this time his face was facing outwards so as not to miss anything that was going on around him; the child wore a blue coat that made him look plump and clumsy, his black hair was covered with a midnight blue wool hat and his feet were covered with a pair of  black baby sneakers.
Suddenly shy, John looked down and laid his eyes on the purple shirt that covered the detective’s chest.
Lying on his sister's couch, John re-read the conversation he had with Sherlock until a few minutes before, then left his phone on the tea table and stared without seeing the ceiling wrapped in darkness.
The door opened a few moments later, and when John met Jack's gaze, he realized that he too had seen the press conference.
-I know… Do you remember Sherlock? I think I told you about him a couple of times- he said to her shaking his head the next moment. -Who am I kidding... I must have made your ears bleed by telling you stories about him.
-No one ever knows everything about a person... Let’s just say it’s as close as it can be to part of the truth... -Sherlock said before returning silent seized by a sudden thought, his gaze still on John’s face- Unless...-
-Have you forgotten your dinner at the Italian restaurant? There was no case to celebrate there- Sherlock reminded him.
John looked down on the grey t-shirt that covered Sherlock's chest, reflecting on the man's words: after all, it wasn't such an absurd idea, he would have found it romantic if it was someone else who proposed it. Moreover, what mattered most was what Sherlock had said between the lines of his speech, perhaps without even realizing it.
"Can you tell me what the hell happened?"  the doctor asked him as soon as he was aware of his presence.
As expected, a sudden noise came to their ears from the kitchen (the kettle placed too forcefully in its place) and next John appeared in the living room.
Now stop feeling sorry for yourself or you'll be late for work- Mr. Watson said before focusing again on his breakfast.
At the time of our relationship he was in rehab and I think he needed someone by his side to help him on that path, step by step... that made him understand the importance of that program, but even then there was always a limit... - said Jack again.
Obviously, John and Sherlock could not stay together just for Hamish's sake, it was a terrible foundation for a relationship, but on the other hand, in his messages the detective had acknowledged his mistake and admitted that what had driven him to behave in that absurd way had been jealousy...
A slight noise caught his attention and his eyes moved in the room until he met John’s and for a moment he felt breathless: no one had ever looked at him with so much love and sweetness in his eyes and Sherlock sincerely hoped to deserve it and at the same time that John could read in his gaze the same adoration.
Leaving Sherlock meant finding a new apartment, giving up the eventful and without a moment of boredom life that he had always lived with the detective; it meant renounced his friendship with Greg because he was now in a relationship with Mycroft Holmes, and especially because Sherlock considered the inspector as a fundamental father figure in his life.
When he opened them again a bottle of beer was placed on the coffee table a short distance from the armchair and Jack was sitting on the sofa to his left; for a few moments the two men remained silent, drinking their own beers, until John decided to speak.
On another occasion that thought would have saddened him, leading him to operate with the utmost caution, but what Sherlock had done to him that day did not lead him to be kind towards the man.
-John and I are just friends... - Sherlock hastened to make clear, trying to ward off the warmth that those words had provoked in him, the hope that foolishly had sprouted inside him.
He didn’t have to wait more than ninety seconds before the answer, and once again a smile appeared on his lips.
Sherlock observed that photograph for a long time, trying to grasp every little change, every little nuance in John, and, while he felt relieved to find something of his old friend, a sign that John's life had gone on even during his absence, on the other hand he found himself jealous of all those experiences that they had not been able to share together in the last three years.
An embarrassed silence spread in the living room for a few moments, leading Sherlock to wonder if he had gone too far, but once again he was saved by John.
Without saying anything, John nodded and walked to the stairs that connected the living room and his room, but before facing the first step he stopped again.
concern for John's absence, but above all clear and blatant on the young man's face there was the same expression that Mycroft had seen only an hour earlier on John's face pictured.
"Do you think it's reasonable that I had to find out from your brother that you were still alive?" she asked again.
-Or do you think my great intelligence doesn't understand the reproductive process?" he asked then looking up at the man.
Despite the long and exhaustive explanation, however, the two men were far from a point of agreement on which to rebuild their friendship: John had resumed dispensing tea and was slightly more attentive to his brother's basic needs, but continued at the same time to live his life separated from Sherlock finding solace in the routine he had established during the previous three years.
She lived with her mother just outside London and judging by the number of names she had said during the conversation, she had many friends.
As much as I'd like to believe that these special attentions are for me we both know you love me, but you're not in love with me.
As Greg always did, he had sat him down and then lay on the couch on his back, his head on Mycroft’s knees, a hand clenched in that of the British official.
The girl let go a happy laugh and returned to stare at the monitor where the image of the child had appeared again.
-You developed a drug addiction that could have killed you! Of course, it was about me! -said Sherlock, turning around and laying his flaming gaze on the doctor.
The door opened slowly, and when John finally set foot in the apartment, he did so with his back deliberately turned to the living room.
Some kind of training and test at the same time... But for those who came back alive, it was a struggle for survival... There was no day without an explosion... When my tour ended, they handed me a medal as if being still alive and sane after that experience deserved an award.
Plus, you're a doctor, you've worked in war zones, and you don't look like the kind of guy who, after seeing the destruction that weapons carry with them, enjoys playing with it- Sherlock said.
Also excluded was Lestrade, whose number was imprinted in his mind, and Mycroft, because a special ringtone was assigned to his number.
John remained silent, aware that the long speech was not over yet and, above all, because he was unable to put his confused thoughts in order.
"It seems like the wisest choice given the conditions in which Misha has reduced you- John commented as he approached the tub and set on the floor in the far corner.
The man placed his hand on his left shoulder and without saying anything he held out his walking stick.
You've never run away from a difficult situation, and I won’t allow you to do it now" Sherlock said, closing the half open door with a thud.
His memories were in a happy corner of his mind, guarded jealously, fighting the passage of time and the lack of new stimuli that led him to forget small details as the years passed.
Gregory Lestrade inserted the key into the lock and entered the apartment, leaving behind the cold rain and sharp cold that had accompanied him all the way home.
-Greg listen to me... Sher…- John said stopping to clear his voice- I'm not asking for him, but for me.
If it wasn't for Mr. Micheals, I really don't know what would have happened to...- she said without finishing the sentence.
I wanna thank every reader that left kudos, a comment and simply read this fiction; as always you are STARS!
-Please! -said Emma, again turned to Sherlock-Uncle John is terrible with dinosaurs! she added, trying to convince him.
Mycroft had also got rid of his work clothes, wearing a pair of raw wool pants and a high-necked dark red sweater that highlighted his complexion and perfectly matched his reddish-brown hair, for once free from the gel with which the man controlled them.
"I know you heard me last night, even though you preferred not to say anything," Sherlock said, making John blush.
At that question Sherlock looked up at him, clearly surprised, but the next moment his face relaxed and an enigmatic expression took possession of his features.
"You always have to have a few aces up your sleeve" said the black-haired man, a hint of a smile bending his lips.
In those few moments, Sherlock understood the real reason why sex and feelings had never seemed interesting to him; in all those years, a fundamental component had always been lacking.
At those words, John blinked before taking the military position and stepping back, his lips pressed against each other.
-Terribly... I thought the world would end as soon as you walked out that door! -he replied with obvious sarcasm in his voice.
"Maybe I should have waited until the main course to tell you about my situation...- hastened to add Sherlock, clearly insecure.
I love my son, Dr. Watson and although I might never see him again, I know he will be fine; not because of Mycroft's cameras or Sherlock's huge intellect, but thanks to you- she said without ever taking her eyes off him.
Or did he have to wait, gather more information then inform him that Mycroft was aware of his betrayal and put an end  to their relationship?
When he arrived at the station, he had taken a cab and within minutes he had found himself in front of the red door, with slightly discolored paint, which had always wished him well back home.
As if there was a need for further confirmation of his theory, John stepped toward Sherlock a furious glare in his eyes.
It was now clear that his feelings for John had crossed the line of friendship, that he would do anything to prevent the man from going to clubs in search of the next shag.
The press conference had finally ended and fortunately Sherlock had maintained a decent attitude despite some spiteful questions from the journalists.
This time it was Sherlock's turn to sigh resigned, meeting the doctor's ocean-blue eyes and lacing an arm around the man's waist.
-I'm going to put on the kettle. I also have cupcakes, and I expect you to eat some Sherlock, without making any fuss!
-What a son of a... - he murmured, before turning around and heading to the doorway where he had left his coat.
Three days after closing the case of the modern Romeo and Juliet, John was sitting on the couch in his pajamas, laptop on his lap, busy writing a new blog post about the case of the two lovers.
Returning still under the covers, his back against the mattress and his eyes closed, John took a moment to reflect on what had happened the night before and as soon as the memories returned to crowd his sleepy mind like vigilant dreams, the doctor smiled.
-I don’t really understand how you complicated things like this. And in such a short time! -added Jack before taking a sip from his own cup.
Not to mention what the clothes covered from sight: various scars marked his body, relics of the private war that he had fought to take his life back.
Suddenly a small laugh rang out in the living room, prevailing in John's ears over the deafening noise of his own heartbeat; the doctor ended the kiss and, with confused eyes turned and looked around for the origin of the noise, meeting Hamish sitting a few yards from them.
His father had been by his side during the days spent staring at the wallpaper as if it was hiding a coded message between the brown shades and during the nights were nightmares will wake him up in the middle of the night.
John forgot the tea for a few moments and let himself be lulled, his eyes closed for a few moments, forgetting where he was and how ambiguous it would have seemed that exchange if a colleague had entered the room suddenly.
It was his father who looked after him when he left the hospital in the months after Sherlock's death, moving for two months at Baker Street, moving around Sherlock's personal belongings, never asking John to get rid of them.
John had been his companion for five years, they had lived together for eighteen months, how could he not find anything to help him make their situation better?
John Watson, the dear affable, handy doctor, in those three years of distance had turned into a completely different puzzle.
At first glance John Watson was the average English man: slightly boring, reliable, whose life was punctuated by work five days a week and football every Saturday afternoon; lover of tea and chocolate biscuits, books and incredibly incompetent with all forms of technology, and whose ultimate aspiration for a perfect Saturday night was to sit on the sofa in front of the TV with Chinese food take outs.
Those desires, or rather repressed feelings, which he had hidden from everyone and himself, with the return of Sherlock, had returned stronger than ever, but now the nostalgia and remorse for the unspoken words and the gestures never made turned in anger.
-Is Agent 007 around? You shouldn't even introduce me, just pointing him to me if we happen to meet him in the hallways- Greg said to avoid silence.
It was the same that transpired, sometimes, in John's voice, thought Jack letting go of an ironic smile.
John looked down on his own hands; he had expected such a question, but this did not prevent his heart from beating quickly or his hands from turning clammy.
An hour earlier he would have easily believed that that smile expressed all the love that Gregory felt towards him, but now?
After an inevitable visit to the museum shop, the trio found themselves outside again, not far from the line of visitors waiting to enter.
-Luckily few men consider a crime scene and a chase through the streets of London romantic – teased back Jack before taking a bite of his pancakes, thus allowing the words to hover in the room yet a few more Instant.
Wouldn't it be better for Hamish and also for Sherlock if you found Irene so they could try and be a family? -John asked him, starting to massage the baby's back.
After the gorillas, it was the monkeys and predatory birds turn, followed by a quick visit to the aquarium.
-You chose her when you saved her life and kept it from me, even though you saw me struggling between the truth and that bullshit of the witness protection  program, and you did it again when you went with her to fight Moriarty’s men-added John.
Or rather he had returned to London, he would have really only come home when he set foot at 221B Baker Street.
Sherlock in return hinted at a smile, before laying his eyes again on Hamish’s face, undecided on whether to keep him in his arms or whether to place him in the wicker basket.
-The point is, you're both bringing up pointless issues to avoid reality: there's no one more compatible than you two.
He could say that the relationship with Sherlock was simple friendship, like the one with Greg and Jack, but he had never felt jealous of the two's conquests as when Irene had entered their lives, stealing the detective's attention.
All the others were kept at a distance, despite the encouraging smiles and friendly attitude... There was a limit that John never exceeded and that prevented him from creating any connection with the men he met at the club-
-After about eight months he told me that he would leave the apartment and that the Detective had kindly offered him to share his house.
With his body in the defensive posture he used with all the skeptics, Sherlock turned again and glanced at John.
If you want the truth I saw you- Mycroft informed him as if he were one of his subordinates and not the man with whom he had chosen to spent the rest of his life.
Despite that scrutiny, a question was still constant in his mind: what was so interesting about that clearly boring man?
Mycroft stooped still in the middle of the corridor and for the space of a second their glances met until Mycroft nodded before seeing Gregory disappear through the door of their apartment, wondering if he would ever see him return.
A huge puzzle: the first woman to tickle his fancy after years in which his unconditional interest was focused on his work.
"It's all right" he murmured, looking for the right words to free Sherlock from his disquiet, letting his hand slip through the detective's rebellious hair.
"You don't want to mess with me" he warned. - I'll ask you for the last time: what do you want to disappear from Gregory's life?-
One hand slipped on Sherlock’s chest, stopping on the belt that held the blue robe closed around his waist and, a few seconds later, slow fingers worked to untie the already loosened knot.
When they met in the kitchen for breakfast the next morning, John had given him a bright smile and, when he had brought him the first cup of tea of the day, John had kissed him on his forehead, then returned to take care of Misha, certain that that little gesture of affection was enough to help Sherlock understand the enormity of his feelings.
Greg took a deep breath and sank his hands into the pockets of his pants, hoping that that moment would never happen.
Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade would have had a sniper monitoring their every move for the rest of their days, but if you had died that battle would have made no sense to me-concluded Sherlock.
He collapsed on the bed fully clothed, without bothering to slip under the covers or take off his shoes, and when he awoke a muscle contraction, now familiar, at the base of his neck gave him his good morning.
Before he could continue, the bathroom door opened and Jack entered the kitchen again, sitting on one of the stools without giving the couple more than one look.
The detective remained silent, supporting his friend's gaze and seemed to be about to say something, but John prevented him, turning his back, the scarf still clenched between his fingers.
As soon as his eyes recorded the movement, John broke away from Jack and tried to recompose, closing his dressing gown at the waist.
John was a typical English man, he would never be openly rude but it was clear that he was trying in every way to avoid him: he had doubled his shifts in the clinic, getting up early and just taking the time of a shower and a quick breakfast before going to work, where he spent eight to ten hours, then came home tired to his bones having just time to relax on the sofa in front of the television eating at the same time something bought on the way back from work, falling asleep on the sofa until the pain in his shoulder became too strong forcing him to move upstairs into his bedroom.
But the doctor felt he had to be at least as sincere as Sherlock had been with him: he had told him a part of himself that he kept hidden and which he clearly was ashamed of, and now it was time to show him that, despite everything, John trusted him completely.
Angelo seemed unable to overcome the shock caused by the sudden reappearance of the detective, and John felt a feeling of empathy towards the rugged Italian restaurateur: no one better than him could understand what it felt like.
But now there was Mycroft... And the thought of building a family together wasn't as terrible as the eldest of the Holmes brothers had made it look like.
The sound of the bell caught him by surprise, leading him to glance at the door behind him before laying his eyes on Hamish once again.
They had been home for a few hours, staying quiet for the short haul that would take them back to Baker Street and, once safe in the quietness of their apartment, they had resumed their routine of experiments and teacups.
Sherlock stood in front of the window, his shoulders at the two men, obviously focused on his brother's words.
How could he forget all the times that the pain had taken away any will, every time his brain suggested he should end it, follow Sherlock wherever he was?
The reason behind John’s decision that had till now seemed so incomprehensible now became so clear, making Sherlock's lips part a little.
Sedatives... Boring, John! - the doctor said, mimicking his friend's deep baritone, snatching a little smile from the crowd.
-Of course Gregory... It's  just that sometimes I wish I had a forty-eight hours day for all the things I have to take care of- he said, trying to reassure him.
-It was the only possible logical explanation... If we consider then that the guy came to stay in our apartment as soon as I left- Mycroft continued undaunted.
-It's different! We couldn’t talk about it, it was all wrapped in silence, but now I can make fun of it as much as I want.
-Sherlock...- John admonished him, hoping that that was enough to stop the avalanche that seemed imminent and that it would do serious damage if not contained.
"I've heard a lot about you" Tommy said, returning the detective's gaze. -Do you have any questions for me? -
That phrase of a distant speech echoed in his mind: although years had passed and many things had happened in the meantime, that statement was still true today.
And from the way things are looking, it is clear that your chances are diminishing more and more and more- Tommy concluded.
If he considered that relationship too demanding, Sherlock could still leave and their friendship would come out relatively intact: they would have remembered those few moments of intimacy for the rest of their lives, but among them there would always be an invisible but impenetrable barrier.
Without even seeing him, John could guess his posture: his back  straight, his hands sunk into the pockets of his jeans, a smile on his face.
And this one had to really love Sherlock Holmes if after the great evening spent with John, the first thing that Sherlock found waking up was a message from Lestrade calling him back to work.
Sherlock Holmes does not know of the existence of feelings, he probably removed them deeming them useless in favor of some stupid information about bees or the type of soil that was most likely to be found in a remote corner of London.
It had been four days since he left Baker Street and because of the promise he made to Baby Girl, for the first time that morning he needed Sherlock’s help.
They seemed on the verge of having sex on the floor...-she said, slowly shaking her head before walking towards the door as well.
Before long they had become roommates, inseparable friends, they had started sharing a bank account without either of them finding it strange and if they now took the final step, granting his intimacy to Sherlock (as he had been longing for years), he was certain that Sherlock would not have half measures, asking once again for his 100%.
He took a deep breath, trying to calm down and looked up at  Greg, who  hadn't stopped looking at him for a moment.
"This must be Greg" John said as he walked to the door. "Kids, Uncle Greg is here!" he announced raising a little bit his voice.
It was clear what the true meaning of those words was, and Jack had no intention of being intimidated.
-A few months later, Sherlock's brother told me that Irene had died, this time for real, and that for Sherlock’s sake we should lie to him and tell him that she was in the United States in the witness protection program.
-It was just a kiss. And we were kissing in front of you because when he wants, Sherlock can be more stubborn than usual- he retorted.
Moreover, given our age, when and if we end up having a child, we will both be too old to guarantee economic security, a future...
-Because she's a friend! - John replied before letting go of a frustrated sigh before taking another step towards Sherlock. – Ok, listen... You have nothing to worry about, really.
"Sometimes, when something very bad happens, we're very scared, and if John was a kid, when this thing happened there would have been no problems, he'd have nightmares, but over time his brain would help him forget" Sherlock explained.
Lestrade was now living with Mycroft so Sherlock excluded him from the list as well as Mike who had two little girls; certainly not the right environment for John with this peculiar situation.
-John needs to remember how good we were together, that there's no one who can understand him as the me and vice versa... That's why I invited him to dinner this evening- Sherlock added almost as an afterthought.
By then we had already realized that our story had no reason to continue, so we decided to be friends-concluded Jack.
I've just been caught off guard, it's the first time I go on a date with a single father -John said.
-Sherlock said Mycroft just needed to snap his fingers for you to do whatever he asked you- remembered John, uttering the detective's name for the first time in forty-eight hours.
For his part, Misha was busy splashing as much water as possible around him by slamming his palms on the water's surface, not worrying in the least about his dad getting quickly drenched by his side.
"That's how he finds company every Monday" said Sherlock, trying to imagine the good doctor on the dancefloor, but he couldn't.
So John had taken a deep breath to clear his head and had spent all his energy to prove to Sherlock that from that moment on there would be no one else, that after that night John Watson and Sherlock Holmes would belong to each other.
-He looks a lot like you. He also seems to like you-Molly said pointing to the possessive way in which Hamish's hand was placed on Sherlock's right hand-All  new parents are afraid at first, but learn with time: you could be a genius Sherlock but in this you are the same as all the other parents.
John entered the apartment and closed the door, smiling at Sherlock when he saw the detective standing still waiting.
It was when the couple found themselves on the roof that John began to feel a slight tremor in his lazily placed hand on Emma's shoulders, leading him to clenched it and reopened it several times trying to control the tremor.
John approached him, stopping close enough to invade his personal space, and looked him in the eyes for a few moments.
-Okay, okay, okay, do we want to start? I bet you can't wait to see your baby-asked John pulling himself together and staring once again at Baby Girl.
-Is Hamish asleep? -Sherlock asked before teasing the still slightly tanned skin of John’s neck with his teeth.
There were various choices: he could erase it from his mind, cataloguing it as an unimportant event; or there was the remote possibility that that announcement would hurt him.
"Irene was different, but not for the reasons you all believe" Sherlock said, interrupting himself by feeling Hamish's burp.
He turned his back on the Detective and went through the various cops, who did not even try to show themselves busy, too curious about what was going on.
"I'll wait for you at home then" he said as he walked around the desk to kiss gently his partner's lip, the first kiss after three days of voluntary isolation.
The sound of the music on the credits interrupted their silent speech by bringing the eyes of the blonde to the little girl.
Following that visit, John had gone to Sainsbury's at the first opportunity and raided the infant aisle buying at least one pack of each suitable preparation or biscuit for a child of Hamish's age, starting that same evening to test the baby's taste buds with different baby food.
John was a very good friend... But he could turn into the worst enemy if what he loved most was threatened or endangered.
The moment the small body was placed against his, a warm heat seemed to envelop John, driving away those sad thoughts that had taken hold of his mind.
" played masterfully at the piano rang out, which led Hamish to immobilize for a few moments, clearly surprised by the music.
-Well, at least we took a step forward-John commented temporarily bringing their attention to the waiter who at that moment stopped at their table.
-Sherlock... No one knows better than me that although your feelings towards each other are very strong, nothing ever happened between you two.
All of you are so focused on the birth, that you haven't spent a single moment worrying about what's going to happen when this little girl is here.
It was then that Sherlock remembered one of the many reasons he fell in love so deeply with John all these years ago.
Sherlock took a couple of steps towards the door before turning back to John who carefully avoided to meet his gaze.
Moments later the door of the apartment opened and Mycroft, perfectly comfortable in one of his three-piece suits, appeared on the doorstep.
Curious, Sherlock touch once again John’s stomach with his lips, placing small kisses on the line that would lead him to John's erection then, finally Sherlock pulled down John’s black boxers, looking at John’s cock: it was not the first time that they were in similar situation but every time they had succumbed to passion and they had hurried things eager to orgasm as fast as they could.
The sound of the kettle distracted him, leading him to approach the stove and pour the boiling water into the cup.
-All right? You seemed to be in a bit of trouble, and I thought I'd come to your aid- he said, smiling at him.
He opened it and at the same time stretched his stiff leg on the wooden floor, as he had done so many times in those years, trying to relax regardless of those eyes that had not lost any of his actions.
Sherlock found himself admitting that he had missed those little things: those atmospheric changes so sudden that he could only find in England, the typical smell of London, made of smog, rain, stagnant water and wet grass.
The ice-blue eyes he had always loved, always accustomed to hiding their emotions, now did nothing to hide the confusion and sense of bewilderment that was stirring in Sherlock.
The two men remained silent for a few moments and silence left John time to rearrange his thoughts and find the most suitable words to express his feelings.
-He tried to help me, to be close to me, he also tried to understand me, however difficult that task may be, but when I started doing cocaine, he realized there was nothing he could do.
In addition to the usual affection, the new physical interest that transpired almost clearly now that he knew how to recognize the signs, he had no idea what John expected of him.
Squeezed into the reassuring embrace of his best friend, John let himself go, freeing himself from the military posture he had assumed the moment he saw the journalists and lacing an arm around the man's waist, hiding his face in his chest.
In those two hours, Emma almost never stopped asking questions, always finding Sherlock’s ready answer, eager to show off his knowledge for the first time in years, always accompanied by jokes, conjectures and ironic puns, which helped to make the visit incredibly enjoyable.
“I miss you so much mom" he whispered to her, before clearing his throat and taking on the military pose that helped him drive away moments of weakness.
The spine doesn't seem to have any problems... Let's see if I can...-John said, pressing a different button on the console.
"It’s a surprise" Sherlock said without looking away from his own window, where he saw John nodding clearly confused.
Returning to his steps, he opened it and found inside the necessary to change Hamish, with a clean diaper wet wipes and a tube of Vaseline cream, a spare onesie and a bottle with what surely at the time of leaving the house was boiling water and a scoop of powdered milk placed hermetically under the latex teat.
-As I said, I don’t like to admit it, but I need the opinion of an expert- he confirmed without minimizing the annoyance that this situation brought with it.
When John opened his eyes again, meeting his gaze, a satisfied smile come to his lips promptly, leading Sherlock to focus on his dessert to avoid awkward moments.
John gave him a tiny smile and remained a few moments in silence, reflecting on the situation in which he had found himself entangled despite himself.
-That was pretty cool. So, are you the famous boyfriend?- Daniel asked, a spark of amusement in his eyes.
"So, you thought you'd trade some of my knowledge with instructions on how to build that time machine?" asked Sherlock.
One slightest mistake and despite Boss's trust in me, she would have disappeared or refused any further checkups, further complicating the situation.
I can only assume what Mycroft told you about me but knowing him I am sure he will have been extremely thorough" he said sincere.
-Spare me your sarcasm. It’s because of this attitude that I never told you that Irene was still alive, that I had saved her life; you've always been jealous of her, even though I never understood why-Sherlock added.
So much time had passed since Sherlock Holmes, with one of his usual dramatic gestures, for once perfectly justified, had closed the door behind at the end of a long and stressful conversation that had done nothing but make things worse.
Or the way he decided it would be just the two of them for the next 40 years without even consulting him?
John stood still, trying to overcome the impulse to meet the detective's gaze and the even stronger one to leave the room, acting as a coward.
Taking advantage of the shock suffered by the press conference, John had left the clinic early, with the secret hope of finding a hole deep enough or far enough to hide before the journalists assaulted him.
He had to stop it before that brilliant idiot opened his mouth and put his thoughts out in the open...
John then turned and walked away from the crime scene, crossing the blue and white cordon and walking towards Shaftesbury Avenue.
Gregory Lestrade had ceased to be a "normal" person from the very first moment his path had crossed with that of Sherlock Holmes first and Mycroft Holmes then.
At that moment, Sherlock increased the hold around John's waist luring him, if possible, even further closer to his body, reinforcing with that gesture the need he had for John, his desire to prove to everyone in that place that John was His, that from that moment on there would be no more one night stands.
The tables with white tablecloths were placed at a discreet distance one from another so that the conversation of a table did not interfere with the neighbor's.
-W-What?- Sherlock asked him in an incredibly low and sexy voice that ignite a spark of desire in John's groin.
-Are you kidding me? I've been looking forward to hearing those details for almost two years! - Jack said, looking at his friend.
At the first intersection, Greg made a U-turn   and went back until he was able to cross the bridge again and be on the right side, deliberately passing in front of a dozen surveillance cameras in order to announce his arrival.
"So, what were you waiting for?" asked Sherlock in a calm voice, aware that this further annoyed John.
Their journey lasted about twenty minutes due to London traffic and on the way, Sherlock enjoyed watching the changes on John's face as they moved away from Westminster and the areas they usually frequented to get to Battersea.
-That's a good idea. In that case, however, I would recommend closing the evening early: from what I have heard taking care of a child can be demanding.
Silence fell again back inside the car as the SUV entered the motorway that would take them back to London.
Mycroft closed his eyes to that gentle touch, while his treacherous body shivered when Gregory's lips rested lightly on his jaw, but what until half an hour earlier had been the primary need that had driven him to ending his work early, now seemed something dirty, compromising, which led him to move his face away from his companion's lips.
Visibly surprised to find himself in front of a stranger, Daniel stared at Mycroft's face in silence, rubbing his sleepy eye.
What did you expect me to say when you told me that you knew about my hook-up?- Greg asked him, stopping by the bed with a shirt in his right hand.
"You were all I needed, and you left without even looking back” he said, staring into Sherlock's gray eyes.
-I have to admit, it's an instructive experience. Each time I learn something different and it might even come in handy with my work-commented the black-haired man.
John had not returned to his restaurant since The Fall, but it had been reported that Angelo continued to reserve the table next to the window for Sherlock, as a sign of esteem and affection.
- To be honest, you let me down John: being a doctor you should have been the first one to point out from the beginning that the possibility of keeping the baby was practically non-existent, instead you allowed Baby Girl to cultivate this stupid and useless fantasy...
The day before he had met Mummy Holmes and had confessed to her his intention to spend the rest of his life with Sherlock, while now all he could think about was that Irene Adler's son was in "their" living room placidly asleep.
-Keep your voice down!- John immediately scolded her, acknowledging the symptoms of embarrassment in her voice and face.
Unable to move his gaze from his partner's face, John stood up and walked towards him, until he just needed to put his hand on the back of Sherlock’ neck to bring his face down to his and kiss him.
The weight of his body on a forearm, John moved his free hand down between their bodies, tightening it around Sherlock's painfully erect cock, starting to slide his hand from the base to the tip with quick strokes, circling the foreskin with the tip of his thumb every two to three strokes, tearing another uncontrolled groan from Sherlock's open lips, continuing at the same time to move his hips with an almost syncopated rhythm, in search of his own pleasure.
Sherlock had been wounded by a person he trusted, a petty and disloyal person, but still someone he thought he could trust, and to trigger the betrayal had been the transition from friendship love, at least on Irene's part.
-Anyway... I think, I hope so...-John confessed with a little smile, looking at the man’s ice-blue eyes.
That afternoon Jack had sent him another text confirming that they would go to that club that night, in case Sherlock had changed his mind.
The hand that had hold the remote until then reached for his black curls at the back of his head, still slightly damp for the shower and sank his fingers for what was quickly becoming a relaxing and reassuring gesture at the same time.
-Oh... Well, it depends on many factors: how the dinner goes, whether John has to work the next day...-replied Greg promptly.
He crossed the short corridor that separated the entrance from the living room, furnished in warm tones and with the impeccable taste of his companion, and listened for a few moments: in the distance a voice was conducting a conversation in a foreign language, with the practical and sure tone that he had now learned to associate with the public figure of his companion.
HOLMES: It happens to be a surname from within the family, yes. As is Mycroft. My mother was quite keen on preserving the names of her ancestors, as she was the only one of her siblings to bear children, and, you find me amusing, do you?
WATSON: Why that’s, that’s you, Holmes! I mean, it’s a perfect likeness. I can be dim at times, but I am certainly not so dim as to think you capable of being in two places at once.
HOLMES: I’m sure the musical portion of the evening was much more to your liking. Did Terri Samée sing her famous “Why Won't You Play At Chequers with Me”?
WATSON: Not now, hobbled old man with a thick black beard, an even thicker French accent, and an overly-large coat with a tag that says ‘M.H., if found please return to Diogenes Club’. Can you not see I am engaged in setting down the account of the death of my dearest friend?
