But no. You only hate other peoples secrets.
FRIDAY suggests, but there is a bitter coldness sinking down through Tony.
Tony powers up the repulsors, grabs on the glider, and
Tony looks down. He feels uncomfortably exposed without his suit on. It's sitting in wait in the quinjet right now and he itches for the protection of the face mask, the HUD breaking the entire world down into gridlines and parameters. "I know we can. I just don't know how much we'll lose before we do. I don't know if we'll be able to stop the next one."
"I was surprised," he tells her. He doesn't specify.
"Thanks, Killer Queen," he replies, and is briefly overwhelmed at how much he has missed Natasha, even though she's been back for several days. He clears his throat and looks away. "You see where Rogers marked up the Accords? I guess they're allowing crayons at the kiddie table again. He left some notes for you."
"That is exactly the point," the king says. "If this is your father's work, fixing it will not solve the problem, Tony. You will not be able to take back the lives that have been lost. You will only be creating a more perfect version of something that should have never existed."
Injuries?
Pepper looks down at her tablet, idly scrolling through some reports so she won't have to look at Tony. "You broke with the Accords, Tony. Again. But you did so with the express consent of the council and Captain Stacy. It honestly could go either way; it depends on what the council wants to do."
"Do not do anything rash," Vision is advising the man as they step into the room.
, is what you are. Just fine.”
Tony stares at the slowly spinning diagram. "Just Mark I. Clean slate."
It was Wanda's choice. There is nothing to forgive.
He stopped, looking down for a moment and then back up at Steve with a smile that seemed peculiarly brave. "And you won't even need me this way, see? It'll be your choice."
rough, for years. Long before the fight, and long before he ever got here. What had Rachel accused him of? Swinging his fists around, hoping for something to hit?
"Tony and Vision's headstart helped," Bruce admits, never one for praise. "And 'cured' is not the right word. 'Stabilized' is better. She's not ever going to be like she was. Not that she would be even if we had cured her. It's gonna be a hard world she wakes up to."
"You didn't kill them," Tony says, and it comes out hoarse, forced. He figures if Barnes wants his absolution now, Tony can grant it to him. It will be true for him eventually.
"He never should have taken her with him," he says fiercely, glancing sideways at his father's headstone, bigger than his mother's. "She shouldn't have been in the car with him and the serum. I should have - I could have asked her to stay."
"To be somebody." Barnes places his hand flat on top of the BARF summary. "Not somebody
"So if War Machine and Vision approve, I'm good?" She clarifies needlessly, sliding into a seat. They'll approve. They need her.
"You're never going to touch him again," Steve snarls, stepping closer, but Madame Hydra cracks her whip in one hand and waves the detonator in the other.
"I've really outdone myself this time!" Tony declared, smiling with no small amount of smugness. A cough came from beside him, and the smile went a little sheepish. "Oh, and RocketandQuillhelpedtoo."
-who had gone very pale, and very remote.  Sam was at his side now, Natasha placed firmly in the middle, and it seemed very quiet now that they weren’t yelling.
"Sir, none of us are on the field," Rhodey says, keeping his voice calm and even. "We are still in Libyan airspace. Can you clarify?"
was for that?"
“…What,” Steven said dangerously.
With an inhuman cry the Chitauri crumpled to the ground under the weight of his shield. Steve snarled, whirling on his buddy but it screeched and ran off into the bushes. The sounds of the short battle faded, and he was left in the quiet.
"C'mon, you gotta have a code-name, Kamala!"
This last bit is said towards T'Challa and the king steps forward, all menacing panther grace in his steps. "General," he begins, voice deadly soft. "I believe Mr. Stark has given you all the assurance you need as to Mr. Barton's arrest. Your presence here is no longer required."
Rhodey grins, all teeth. "Real good."
"I followed the guy for three years, highness. He's the best there is, when he puts his damned mind to it." Tony exhales sharply. "I know that couldn't have been easy. Thanks."
"Uh, no," Tony drawls, suddenly remembering why Carter women could be so very irritating. "No, no I don't. Rogers and Wilson don't get their gear and we take them down at the airport no problem. Zemo's plan is ruined, Barnes gets the help he needs, and Cap gets to continue on blissfully lying to me about my dead parents while the team sorts out these damn Accords. Or, Rogers and company aren't delayed waiting for you and head off to Russia while we chase after them and everyone goes to jail. But, yeah no, please tell me about your brave and gallant choice to stand up to The Man, Share. I'm all ears."
Sam shrugs. "You're right, it's a bit of a mouthful. Put your worries down on the Accords, man. Don't give me that look, writing's theraputic. You are giving those back to T'Challa, right?" Steve stares down at the papers silently and Sam sighs, pulling up a chair and sitting in it backwards. "Steve."
"Anytime you want to join us, just say the word," he tells her, and she squeezes his hand tight before letting go. "I'll come up in a few, okay? I just want to say good-bye."
He’s also the one that keeps coming back. Anger burns bright in him, but I’d rather have this than the nothing I’ve had for months. He lets me talk, and even when he bites back, aiming to hurt, at least he’s listening.
"But would it be just that?" Steve questions. "Surviving?"
T'Challa wishes him well, eyes already going heavy-lidded, and Tony sits in the quiet of his lab, feeling maybe not as terrible as he could.
, I don't want you to sit idly by. You've built tech that's saved our lives. But the first place you went to today, at the first sign of adversity...you looked at this tech and all you see is the blueprint for a better weapon. Tony, I thought you wanted to build a better
“Oh ye of incredibly biased faith,” Natasha muttered, but it was lost to the sound of Steve’s yell cutting loud and clear through the air.
Peter huffs, annoyed but amused, and sets a temperature before heading over to Rhodey's side of the kitchen island to sit. "So, you wanted to meet with me?"
"Tony." His name comes out like Bruce is choking on it. "I
"And so, yeah," Tony says to Peter, since he can't take the way T'Challa is staring so evenly at him. He doesn't think the guy has blinked once. "Terrigen factory. In Canada. Canadian HYDRA is apparently the deadliest HYDRA. You think they apologize when they bomb people?"
, he lost that right when he threw it back in T'Challa's face the first time. But he thinks the king hears it anyway.
He thought his whole life he was being punished, but maybe his blank wrists were someone else's salvation.
"Yeah, between you and Tommy, which one is going home with a split lip?"
“You’re right, Stark,” Steve hissed quietly, ignoring Sam’s ‘come on, man.’ “My time is gone. Back then I had Peggy, and the Commandos, and
"I'll get right on that." His grim smile seems to make the room uneasy and Tony relaxes into a blank slate. "Thank you for your assistance, Representative Adams. As Barnes is a super, I thought it best to bring this matter first to the people who deal with the Avengers Initiative."
The man – for though shorter and thinner than Steve, it was clearly a man – landed on all fours with a pained grunt and a sickening ‘clack’ as knee met sidewalk.
had trained her well in preparedness. She pulled a protesting Steve down to sit and started fussing over him, taking a moment to glare up at Nebula. "What did you do to him?"
"I am Iron Man," Tony replies automatically, watching Rhodey re-learn flight from his spot on the floor. He can't see anything through Peter's mask but he still feels the kid's gaze on him like a weight on his shoulders he cannot bear.
His computer pings.
"Everything recovered has been turned over to the Russians, who were gracious enough to collaborate with many of our analysts in decrypting the data. If anything was found that was relevant to the Avengers, you would be the first to know." Everett's eyes are sharp as they watch Tony's shoulder rise just a bit higher in tension.
"As I was saying, Mr. Stark, Colonel Rhodes has been on leave but he's more than welcome to come take his place with the Air Force once again. War Machine is capable of taking on missions an ordinary pilot cannot. His presence has been missed."
Coulson just smirks. "Quite. It's been a long time, Mr. Stark."
Then the man dropped his hand from his face, big bleary familiar brown eyes locking on Steve's, and Steve knew that was not what he was dealing with at all.
"Leak to the press when and where I'll be landing, Fry," he decides. "Let's remind the world,
"So, anyone else want to explain why we've been confined to our rooms for the past two days?" Scott whines for about the fifth time. They are all camped out in the communal area, trying to pass the time together after a Dora announced two days ago that their already limited access to the palace had been restricted even further.
"Yes, ma'am," Tony says, sharp and sad and smiling. "I trust you, out in the field. You're my second, I've kinda got to. I'm - out here, it's harder. I'm trying."
Maria, Howard knew, had gotten Tony a child-sized keyboard. He had caught Tony at the door to Maria's little den more than once, watching her play. Had scared him away a few times, too, until he realized one day that Maria knew Tony was watching. Mother and son didn't interact much, not since the broken cup, but in this one way, they were the same.
win." Sarkissian's whole face is lit up in mad fervor. "The new world - our world - is coming. And we are building it a welcome so grand, Captain, that it will be heard across the galaxy."
"Second: you're right. I didn't stop you before, not completely. But back then, I was just one man." He stops in his path to the door to look over his shoulder. "I'm not alone anymore."
The line fills with static when Fury sighs. "Look, I'm gonna give it to you straight, Cap: you fucked up big time. Now the Avengers are missing their best man and Barton's wearing an ankle monitor. I understand your concerns about the Accords and frankly I don't give a shit. You and Stark should have talked this out like adults instead of blowing up an airport, but I guess that was too much to ask for, huh?"
"The Dora are very attentive. My father even more so," T'Challa says. Tony feels his grin turn bitter at the edges. "But I did envy them - my people. They lived to me what seemed like unfettered lives."
"Never visited the caves of Afghanistan, then," Tony mutters to himself. Then, louder: "Thanks for coming. The other guy should be here any minute."
Peter signs his version of the Accords. "It says if I screw up, it's on you," he mentions to Tony, trying and failing for nonchalant.
He enters the room quietly, tray carefully balanced on one hand as he carefully shuts the door with the other, and when he turns Madame Hydra is regarding him with amusement in her eyes.
It lifts the reactor high, the blue glow lighting up its face, and beneath the moving machine parts Tony thinks he can almost see glimpses of skin. But that's impossible - Ultron isn't human. It's a machine.
Tony frowns. "Then why did the Goblin want to kill him?"
"Don't," she warns, voice shaking. "Just don't." So he doesn't.
The seatbelt light chimes on thirty minutes later, a smooth accented voice informing of them of their imminent arrival in Brussels. "Rhodes!" Tony calls, throwing peanuts at his best friends until his wakes up. "We're almost there. Lock and load, buddy."
Arriving home to find Hope van Dyne eating oatmeal at the kitchen island should not be the surprise it is, but: "Thought you'd be celebrating with The Atom and Friends."
Before that, they stumble into a room where the experiments were conducted. There are still bodies on the table, most mutated into horrifying forms, too many legs and eyes and all of them dead. It's obvious HYDRA had begun testing younger; Natasha very quickly covers a young girl with skin a boiling red and fangs protruding from her mouth with a sheet before they move on. "Her body was still warm," she tells them in a hushed whisper. "They killed them right before we got here."
"We all are."
Don't you dare, Fry, I heard first-"
to know. But Bucky gets him, like he always did, because he laughs a little.
"I tried to tell him, dammit. The Accords are tying their hands, getting them tangled up. The police wouldn't have been able to stop a maniac like that in time."
"What'd I make here, FRIDAY?"
He had carried those feelings with him because he thought it proved the universe wrong when it had left his wrists blank. He wasn't empty, or defective, or soulless. His heart was right there, it was just that nobody wanted it. He had vindicated, validated himself on that fact for twelve years.
Tony watches the ocean slip by. It's dark yet; he's flying away from the sunset, further into night. It's quiet. Peaceful. Everything hurts, Barnes and his parents and old regrets just brimming under the surface, but for once the hurt is almost good. His skin doesn't feel too tight, his head runs from one thought to the next with no skipping stuttering madness at the edges. He's done all he can, he tells himself. He feels complete.
“Though your sins are like scarlet..." Maria says, and then she looks over her shoulder at Tony. He knows how this one goes. When he was younger he used to be obsessed with the Bible's concept of forgiveness. That if he just asked, it could be granted. He remembered thinking that whatever wrongs he had done to make his father the way he was, surely they would be wiped clean if Tony just apologized. But apologizing just made Howard angry, and Tony never did get absolution. He never will, until the day he dies, because someone stole his father away from him.
“So now I need his permission to help people?” Tony asked, incredulous, straightening up.
"Feels like fixing it, doesn't it?" Tony says, and Bruce, after a moment, nods slowly. "Dad wasn't a monster, but still, it feels good, that we can make something good out of his mistakes."
. If they could, Tony would have done so for himself a long time ago and saved everyone a lot of pain. He wishes he could. It terrifies him, but he does. He tries. He builds suits to fly farther, punch harder, last longer. Artificial intelligences with strict codes to keep him from going too far. He surrounds himself with machines, science, and hopes it can do the impossible and help him be better, but at the end of the day, all he is left with is himself.
The burning in Tony's lungs registers a moment later and he quietly lets out the breath he's been holding. "What do you want to say now?" he says quietly, and Barnes' eyes flicker, the hyper-focused gleam of them dulling to something softer, more human.
"Tony," Rhodey warns.
"You and your friend," she says softly. "Are very sad. It's kinda bringing down the whole mood. So. Fix it. Fury says we need you but I'm not sure about that." Steve just stares at her bleakly, her words wrapping around his brain like cotton. He thought he was fixing it. He thought he was making the first step, with this team, with the Accords and Tony, with everything, but its like he's been walking in circles, wearing down a trench for himself and now he can't get out. Rachel smiles as gently as she can, and its still all razorblade edges. "Convince me, Rogers," she says. "We'll do this every day until you do."
"That's colorist," Donnie snarks, snatching the ball from Peter.
Oh, never mind, Hope can smile. It's not nearly as nice as her mother's. "You get me my boyfriend back and you get the Wasp. I signed the Accords."
"Good." Tony pauses. "And I want interviews, personal this time, no police review, with the scientists Osborn was screaming about that night. Tell them we're interested in their work; SI can always use new hires. Any word on Peter?"
"No - Tony," Natasha sighs again. "You do realize you've got the rest of us right here? You don't have to take on the entire world; in fact, it'd be better if you didn't. You're not built to work alone."
Everyone's just full of surprises today.
I haven't had to flex that muscle in a while. Not with you Avengers doing my job for me. I still get a new video once a week of Captain America's three million dollar dash through Berlin. Even better are the vids from Leipzig. They're long-distance, of course, but I've even gotten one of War Machine falling. I'm saving it for a slow news week."
“A certain decibel?” Sam squeaked in disbelief.
I tried to. I still try.
Tony gets his feet into motion, chases after Donnie, reaches out and grabs him by his frozen forearm. "Donald. Of course you can come, I'll build you a holo or something. I-"
Godammit, he should never have installed that souped-up motor into the chair. Rhodey is easily keeping up with him. "Um, yes, honey-bear, because we've
going, so you being there won't-" He catches the dismayed look that crosses Tony's face and his mouth clicks shut, his expression going carefully blank as he sets down his tools. "I
"Don't be scared," he tells her. "I'm right here, mama. It's going to be alright. No matter what happens, okay, I love you." A hand reaches through the window and wraps around her throat and Tony just watches, slumped against the steering wheel, as her eyes go wide, more white than pupil. "Don't be afraid. Don't be afraid. Don't be afraid." Her screams trail off to gasps and then the hand clenches tight and wrenches. Can't have the car accident victim die of strangulation.
. I care about you,
"I feel like I'm sneaking out of my bedroom window," Tony hisses to T'Challa when he meets him down in the lobby. It's two o'clock at night and the crisp Belgium air is shocking through his thin sweatpants. T'Challa eyes him, amused, and Tony shrugs into his jacket and glares. "What's up, kitty cat? Missed me?"
Her son was still sick, of course, even though the fullness of his mark seemed to have revitalized him somewhat. She tucked him back in after that, then sat with him as he demanded to know all about soulmates. She told him,
"Stevie," Bucky says seriously.
“What gave it away.”
"More like dealing with the utter stupidity has carved off a few years of his life," she grumbles.
"That's up to him," Tony replies flatly, flicking a glare at the shield.
"That would explain the death rate, but not why Terrigenesis is giving people strange powers," Bruce interjects. "Kamala's amazing, but she's not a super soldier."
A)IronPanther
"It wasn't all bad, though," she reminds him, as if reading his mind, and Tony smiles half-heartedly for a moment. In the wake of Captain Stacy's statement and the city of New York's general enthusiasm for the Avengers' aid, the United States - with a serious helping hand from Wakanda - is now pushing hard for the Avengers' actions while in their home country to be governed by their laws and for the council to only be allowed sway over international waters. It's a brilliant, obvious solution to homegrown threats that Tony is kicking himself for not thinking of earlier, and it was Steve's idea. This is why Tony wanted him with him all along.
He let his hand drop to his side and watched until the mist settled again, then he took a step back and breathed. Went over to his shield, dropped somewhere along the way, and swung it onto his back.
Daredevil and Peter both want masks, Luke Cage wants to be kept out of the Avengers but have mostly free reign over his neighborhood, Daredevil wants guaranteed help against the mob invading Hell's Kitchen, Peter's crossed out a request he made for financial assistance and Jessica Jones-
still all kind of a mess
"Hope will be driving," Hope stresses, and Aamir pouts. Tony switches directions at the last moment and presses the keys into Hope's hands, giving her a meaningful look that she acknowledges with the smallest of nods. It feels huge, trusting her with the Khans, but Hope's general incapability to lose her cool will keep all three running on a tight ship.
"You are in a poor mood, Tony. You should consider your words."
Stark would like to speak with Barnes.
There is a weight suddenly to his left and he flinches before a flash of Natasha's red hair catches at the edge of his vision. He turns off his tablet to give her his full attention.
By this time tomorrow, the whole world is going to learn Bucky's name all over again. Steve watches Maria Stark die
, he thinks, and it feels so wrong against the acceptance in Barnes' eyes.
Tandy turns to him, her gaze suddenly shrewd. "Isn't that what we're all doing here, Captain?" she asks, and Steve raises an eyebrow. "Oh, don't be silly, Steve, do you think any of us are happy here? Are you happy here? Really, I find it hard to believe that you've ever been happy, but Rachel keeps telling me this is just your emo-phase and you'll snap out of it any day now.
Natasha bites her lip, something Tony's never seen her do before, and he has no idea if it's genuine or just a calculated vulnerability on her part. He feels a little bit privileged either way. "It didn't use to. I was told who to kill, and I did it. It was a simpler life. I kind of like the weight of it all, now. Keeps me grounded."
War Machine is picking people out of windows and Tony has lost track of both Peter and Mr. Green as he rises through the air.
The other goes like this:
"But not too close," Cooper finishes.
"Believe it or not, I did get revenge. It's a complicated story," he says. "But it didn't change anything. The terrible things that had happened didn't get rewritten. And I thought-" His voice drifts off.
"Kamala, Spiderling, you're not the first super-humans we've had and you probably won't be the last. We brought the both of you here because we want you to lead by example. The Avengers were originally just a group of remarkable people, but you know that saying about heroes never dying? You two are what that means. What we're asking you to do here isn't to sit on the bench and watch the world pass by, we're asking you to listen and learn; be the first of a new generation of heroes who can work together as a team to fight the fights the rest of us can't. And we're trusting you," Tony says softly, and Kamala looks up, eyes shining. "To become all that we know you can be."
Natasha’s sneer ticked up a notch. Steve was newly defrosted and lonely; Tony should know better. Be better.
trouble. I'll be up in a second. Kinda got to work up to this."
"Just a bit," Tony says, watching Lukin's back until the man disappears.
"Alright, I've known for awhile," Tony allows with a small smile. He missed this kid. He's been an idiot. "I'm sorry, kid. I should have called."
Tony shrugs. "I expect it of you." She rears back the exact same way she did when he called her a double agent and he sighs, laying the wire down. "Nat, be honest with me, there's a part of you that's surprised I'm not blackout drunk right now."
"But not us. You haven't told us what they've found, or what they're working on," Steve points out, and he hates this more than anything else, this fragmentation. He used to send Natasha to gather information and send data off to Tony to study patterns in their targets movements. Now they're all working with half the story, everybody but the man in front of him. "And I'm willing to bet you haven't told them everything you know either."
it was every person the Iron Man suit ever saved. Every person he ever killed.
Today. He'll tell them today and tomorrow they'll be out there, making a difference again. Helping. Steve has always only wanted to help people.
Peter peeks at him out of the corner of his eyes, a mollified tilt to his frown. "Well. You're welcome, obviously." They sit in silence, Tony waiting for Peter to list more grievances and exact more apologies out of Tony until he realizes that he is talking to a teenage boy. A stubborn, super-powered teenager boy whose feelings are very hurt. Dear God, he's being given the silent treatment. He almost laughs.
"Tony..." Jan said, cautiously. The remaining Guardians looked around, puzzled at the apprehensive looks growing on the Avengers' faces.
"I will," Steve promises seriously. Cloak just shakes his head.
"No one's saying you can't be," Sam responds, sounding confused. "Stark pulled a lot of shit in the war."
"No," Lukin returns with that same shark smile still in place. "No doubt at all. Oh, forgive me, Agent. I believe you all know Agent Carter?"
His team stops dead. "Tony," Rhodey says cautiously. "We can't break the Accords. You can't break the Accords
Tony comes to stand beside Peter and his eyes go very wide at what has caught Peter's attention. On the twenty four hours newsfeed a shaky camera held out of a helicopter is showing a huge crater in what looks like Brussels. From the epicenter of the blast a sickeningly familiar mist is beginning to roll out to blanket the city.
They are on the phone with Luke Cage at the moment and Kamala points towards the door in question but Tony waves her off. "Luke," he says into the air. "No one will care. Well, someone will, but do you really care? Tell them to kiss your ass. Peacefully."
. No, I won't care if you tell him, I have a secret weapon against the sheer amount of smug he will radiate and its called 'I'm Tony Stark,' but it won't matter either way. What matters is that Rogers does what I goddamned asked him to do in the first place and plays it safe." Stopping the bad guys didn't always mean playing the hero. HYDRA would just love for Rogers to decide that his presence is direly needed and expose himself to a world that is still incredibly wary of the Avengers they have, let alone the ones that ran.
"Tony, I-!"
"Dr. Anderson?" Greenie sings. "Oh, Dr. Anderson?" He peers at the four people left on the roof and hisses. "No! Where did you put him you-" He dodges Iron Man and circles closer. "Oh, but Dr. Ivanov. That's almost as good; you're all the same, really. Snivelling, weak, even as you pretend at superiority. Look what I've done, Doctor. You said it couldn't be done but I did it! Who's laughing now, Doctor! Who's. Laughing. Now!" His loud cackle seems to blanket New York as the blades of the glider elongate and he shoots forward.
"I was dreaming," Tony says. Stops. Beats out the opening notes of 'Two Little Boys,' a song he only knew because it made his father sad. "About Howard."
"She'll come around," Natasha tells him softly. "Just give her time. She told me she has all our action figures; I think she's just sad we broke the set."
Somehow, it holds
There's another memory of his mother now, ugly and dark and final but Tony focuses on the notes that she taught him, beating them out on the hard ridges of Rhodey's collarbones until his fingers have stopped shaking.
Tony clears his throat. "Start calling OsCorp every hour, on the hour. I want an appointment ASAP. Tell them SI needs a bio-tech partner anyway for the prosthetics testing."
Sam sighs.
"Duh. You never come to these though, so I think it's been permanently co-opted by Taskmaster," Tony said without looking up. "Your loss."
BANNER:
Note the second: In the game, if I remember correctly, it kinda goes back and forth on if they're 'killing' the Chitauri. They're probably just supposed to be knocking them out. Peter Quill even befriends one, but oh well. The game gets kinda macabre at some points and I wanted to play into that.
“I figure either this is a dream, and I’ve summoned up a younger, prettier Captain to allay my conscience, or something seriously wrong has happened.”
Peter, beside him, breathes out shakily and turns from the table, thinking it over. They all watch him, Kamala with an intense focus as if her own decision depends on Spider-Man's. "If I do this," he begins, not turning around. "If you need me on a mission, you'll bring me. This stuff that's happening, with the bombs and stuff, it's scary. You have to promise that you won't decide its too dangerous and let things get out of hand." He turns. "You
"So, here's the deal," Tony tells Coulson. "You take the man, I'll take the bomb, we both send our findings to Canada HQ. Sounds like a plan? And before you say no, remember that I have never secretly been HYDRA."
"Throw that away, Jesus, Rhodes," Tony had ordered.
He'd felt like he'd been in a nightmare since he first got Bucky back and that wasn't
He calls the team to a meeting room. They come to him, but they don't come
Not on this one, Tony. It's your call, and you have my support, just remember the world isn't just the Avengers. You've got people here at SI, and at Stark Ventures, and at OsCorp, that are relying on your good name. Play it smart.
"Barnes," he croaks, and T'Challa's eyes narrow. "Where is Barnes, T'Challa? Did he go with Rogers?"
"You named a robot Butterfingers? What are these called?"
But the world doesn't get any more of Tony's pain and they can't handle any more of Bucky's. "Seems to me you owe me, Ty."
"Seriously, Tony," Cap said, placing a hand on Iron Man's shoulder. Tony was a sucker for that move and Steve exploited it relentlessly. "I know you're always after the latest and greatest but you've really raised the bar - this armor is impressive."
"I don't think so."
BANNER:
"It wasn't my fault. There's nothing else I could've done." Peter looks up, fear in his eyes, and Tony thinks nothing's gotten through to him until he keeps speaking. "Harry wouldn't forgive me, though. If he knew that I was Spider-Man, that I helped lock his dad away. He wouldn't, not ever."
"You can see why I prefer Madame Hydra, yes? Much less of a mouthful," she interjects, smiling as she idly breaks the tongs off her plastic fork, leaving sharp jagged edges behind. Steve doesn't avert his eyes from hers, doesn't give in to the unspoken threat.
Diamondback is at the door, magenta hair in a tight ponytail but sans mask or makeup. She's just Rachel Leighton, former convict, right now, and there is nothing bright or dangerous in her eyes but the critical assessment of a skilled agent.
"And just look at this. So, Quill's been telling me about a planet of symbiote lifeforms that can bond with anyone and make them ten times stronger-"
"Oh really?" he asks, leaning forward to prop one elbow on the counter to hide his unease. He is suddenly extremely thankful Hope is a good fifteen years younger than him; she would have destroyed him with one look at the negotiating table if their companies ever tangled. "Then enlighten me, Ms. van Dyne."
"Course correction," she says, almost stern. "I was merely seeking the goal that HYDRA has always sought - the one my former associates have forgotten. They were to be guardsmen of our future, but only Rachel proved up to the task." Sarkissian sends him a knowing glance. "She's different, isn't she, our Rachel?
“Tony.”
? He already knows the answer to that.
“Killed?” Steven squawked. Unable to stand it any longer, he pushed forward, though Rhodes and Pepper stepped aside readily enough. Merlin glanced sidelong at him, finished his mutterings, and moved away, revealing the stone that was now resting in Tony’s chest, a web of already-scarring wounds and spells carved into the skin. Steven reached out a hand hesistantly. “Tony-”
. Kamala Khan. Please, Bruce."
There is a pause, then an inhale that becomes a laugh somewhere along the way, and Steve
“We’ve been fighting since dawn, Rogers. I’d rather you tell me without a lie that you are not.”
"And before you get ideas, let me remind you that my blade is currently one centimeter to the right of your spinal cord. Be honest, Viper, and you might just keep your legs," Rachel hisses.
"If you ever see that guy, please don't tell him that."
T'Challa looks at him carefully. "Fear," he says.
"HA!"
-it would sound like-
"Barnes."
Tony. You're talking a big game of letting all these innocent people decide for themselves but when it comes to Steve he has to fall in line or else?"
HE STOLE MY SHIELD:
"Could you build me something?"
Laura nods. "Nat just wanted to bring him home. I'm grateful, I - I thought I might never see him again and Clint, his dad left him, and it must have killed him, hiding out, thinking he was doing the same thing to this family. We have a chance now. We can move forward. We can fix this."
"I know you, Tony, because I know me, too. Don't kill yourself over this, please," Bruce says quietly. "You are not your father."
Natasha snarls, warning. If the UN finds out about that stupid phone Tony would be in a world of trouble. Clint seems to figure this out for he is silent the rest of the trip, taking turns at glaring at each of them.
"I do not! The things you create are amazing, Tony, I always like hearing you talk about them. The suit is-" His eyes ran up and down Tony's form. "The suit is great. Can't wait to see you put it through its paces."
Natasha says nothing, waiting Clint out as he settles back into his chair. "You know Steve keeps that phone with him all the time?" he tells Tony, his tone deceptively light. "Sam and I have tried to steal it a few times but he never lets it out of his sight. He's been waiting for you to call, for you to tell him that we can come home, that you finally did good for once and fixed the mess you got us in but it's never coming, is it, Tony?"
"They don't know that Black Panther is...special," Natasha reasons. "I'll have him with me every step of the way, right, Your Highness."
"Any family calling in on official channels?"
, Howard will think as his car is run into a tree and Death walks towards him.
"I didn't. I didn't suffer at Barnes' hands. I suffered at HYDRA's, and the council has graciously allowed the Avengers to destroy them. If I wanted revenge-" he chokes a little, he's Tony Stark,
“Why wouldn’t I?” Big Steve asked, looking genuinely perplexed. “You’re Iron Man.”
It didn't have to matter, Ty was saying. It didn't have to hurt.
That he wasn’t only Captain America here; he didn’t have to leave Steve Rogers in the past.
hit me,” Tony snaps, white with fury, and I back off, subject dropped, because I’ve made a mistake.
Steve has wished for it before; he once, in the middle of the night when things hurt the worst, almost asked Tony if he could build a time machine. The vision that Wanda had shown him, blood on the dance floor but Peggy warm in his arms - he should've been scared, and he
"I-" He says, then swallows. "Why? No, hush you, I know why. It's
Tony startles in shock. "You remember that?" Tony had reluctantly let Rhodey in on this quirk in college but they hadn't counted the beats together since he was twenty one and took control of Stark Industries. Tony still does it sometimes, tapping out rhythms onto his collarbone or the arc reactor when it was still there, tables and chairs and anything solid, anything that grounded him. Pepper used to let him count the beats on her spine at night, said it helped her sleep better. Tony had never loved her quite so much as those moments.
"Great. Would you mind holding that thought for the United Nations?" Tony says.
The phone.
He hears Rhodey sigh heavily behind him and mutter "I remember those pants" but T'Challa remains silent, a statue but for the head that tilts to Tony's direction. The mesh covering his eyes is very solid but that doesn't stop Tony trying his best to see the man underneath before surrendering and turning towards the television. It is one of those 'breaking news' reports, covering the conflict in Chad. Tony finds this a little surprising, as American news generally avoids reporting on Africa, but then he listens to what the talking heads are saying.
What Steve knows right now is that there is a smoking crater in Belgium right now that he might have been able to stop if he'd just had
"What do you need, Bliz?" Tony slurs, and Donnie turns back around slowly. In his hands is the neural band Tony fashioned for him to take on BARF.
His computer pings again.
it." Tony finally looks up at that, to find the reactor or confront his father, he's not sure which, but he comes face-to-face with Rhodey instead, his hand on Tony's shoulder, shaking it.
"You work well under pressure," Natasha says simply. She sits beside him then, hand on his forearm. "Are you really ready for this?"
"But I can also see why they're a good idea. The Avengers were all over the place and the one time we got any official word from them was Agent Romanov telling Congress to fuck off after she and Captain America dropped three flying aircraft carriers into the Potomac. That...wasn't very reassuring. If I'm going to do this, I have to do this right. I don't want people to be afraid of me or the suit my mother wore."
See, this is why you're the boss.
"Yeah," Donald murmurs, eyes back on his feet again. "Okay. Okay. I'll - I'll see you tomorrow, Mr. Stark." Tony wants to say something else but his mind is blank and he just watches Donnie leave, head hanging low. He's pretty sure he's doing the right thing, and it's his fault that Donnie even had access to freely enter BARF in the first place, but now the kid knows that Tony still doesn't trust him.
A flash of ice, a cold rage wearing Donnie's face skitters across his mind. Tony swallows. "It's not. We're working on a...more permanent solution, but for now this is the best we've got."
"Surely you don't want to divide our efforts," Tony reasons, forcing himself to sound as maddeningly logical as Vision does.
He hears the door open and shut, but no sound of footsteps. "Is he here?" he asks Vision.
"Never," she immediately replies. "You got a lead?"
"We thought-" Steve inhales sharply. "I thought they would stand by the Accords. They wouldn't be able to help us in time and worst case, they would tell Ross what was happening." And then Tony came to Siberia to help Steve. "I got it wrong. I wasn't thinking straight. Peggy was gone and Bucky was slipping through my fingers and I couldn't trust-"
Used to was before Ultron. Used to was before he first saw the Accords and realized the implicit threat hidden in them if they didn't act.
If he could prove he was the smartest, the cleverest, the most original, maybe it wouldn't matter that his chest and eyes and arms were empty. Maybe Howard and Maria could love him anyway. Not all the way - no one could love Tony fully, he had proof of that - but just a sliver. And that would be enough.
If Tony were to tell anyone his foremost theory on Howard Stark it would be this: his son could ask for forgiveness as many times as he wanted, but Howard could not grant it because Howard didn't know how.
"Oh man,
"Not HYDRA. SHIELD. Don't send me back to them," Donald's eyes are wild with fright. Tony's shoulders are growing very cold. "They killed me. They
He wants to go home.
T'Challa laughs once, short and bitter, finally turning around. "I appreciate your admiration of my country, Tony, but we are not perfect. I am a new king, loyalty is not yet absolute. All it takes is one person, one angry moment."
BANNER:
, a fact that explains thoroughly to Steve-
His words slowly sunk in, and just for a second Steve let himself see it, began to let himself hope that – that Natasha invited him to the Dojo not to be sure his skills were up to snuff because the Avengers needed him on top of his game, but because sparring was how she had fun. That Jan made him outfits not because she needed another dummy but because fashion was her passion and she wanted to share it. That Kamala didn’t show him all those fansites to make him aware of the expectations but to let him know how much he meant to people. That Sam’s naturally nurturing personality didn’t mean that he didn’t also genuinely like Steve as a person.
“Steven,” she began. There were tears in her voice, on her cheeks. “Stevie, sweetheart, your wrist.”
FRIDAY finally chimes in.
forgiveness is only a band-aid on the entrance wound. The real bleed is deeper, struck decades ago and left to rot. That part, like so much of this, is up to Barnes. But he can help, where he can.
, now, and - it happened, Steve. HYDRA, the Soldier, they
"I think I know my body better than you do," Spider-Man snaps back, a little blearily. "Tony," he whines when Tony crouches down beside him. Natasha is already coming back from the corner where she's retrieved one of Bruce's neat portable scanners. "Tony, I swear I'm fine, it was just a twinge."
"No," she says slowly, her eyes darting away. A pause, and then she sort of shakes herself, sucking in an irritated breath. "That wasn't why I came here, anyway."
Steve sees a shield. All of them, working together.
fix it.
"Forget it, Stark," Donnie spits, wrenching himself away. "I don't want your pity." He stalks out of the door and it slides shut behind him, blocking Tony off. He stares at the blacked-out glass, clenching his icy fingers, feeling the prickles of numbness all up his arm.
I feel like Mushu rising from the flames. I LIVE.
Tony tries to smooth out his sneer into something normal, something not so bitter. Tries not to show Yinsen’s body going slack or the dark of space or the ripples of water as he drowned over and over in his face. “I mean. Useful, right? It’s useful. Plans, schematics, there at the back of your mind forever, but sometimes. Not so good.”
I'm not going to stop calling, Pepper.
"You will cry," Tony replied promptly. "Are you - are you staying here? Do you want me to go get back your bean bag from Taskmaster?"
"God, I haven't had a flashback like that in ages," he confesses to Rhodey's shoulder. "Where's Nat?"
A pretty blonde is sitting with Rhodey on the loveseat, one hand on his knee. "Speak of the devil and she shall appear," Tony says, taking in her Air Force duds and remembering Fury's words about the military coming back for Rhodey. Losing War Machine has got to be eating them alive.
"Not for you?"
"Iron Man!" And Tony pauses at this last voice, halting in his endless push through the reporters so he can at least get Cage, Jones, and Daredevil inside Stark Tower. This voice is smaller, younger, and hopeful. He turns.
"Shoot."
Scott just shakes his head. "Look, I get where you're coming from. I honestly do, Cap. And I thought I would follow Captain America into anything. But not here. You're right. There are more important things. Cassie's one of them. I need to go home."
"Captain," she says into his shoulder, and then, choked: "Steve. Be safe."
." The rightmost screen fills with scrolling data on the sample they obtained from the bombing in Brussels, running against the sample from the bomb found in the factory and the one synthesized from Kamala's blood. FRIDAY has already lit up and recorded corresponding chemicals compounds and formulas in each sample.
NATASHA:
Tony reaches out and cautiously lays a hand on T'Challa's shoulder then retracting it before the king can even glance sideways at him. "I have complete and utter faith in you, Your Pantherness."
There’s a question hanging at the end of that sentence, but Tony will never voice it, and Steve doesn’t hear it.
Parker is going to bounce straight out of his skin before they even get there but T'Challa is as calm as ever. "I need to talk to you when we're done here," Tony mutters lowly to him. "And no, you're not going to like it. Just hear me out, okay?"
"Do you always get into such trouble when I'm gone?" T'Challa asks, reaching out to flick Tony's collar up against the wind. Tony resists the urge to bite his fingertips in retaliation. "I saw the battle. It was well done."
, he'd forgotten. Not a perfect soldier.
Tony’s mouth closed with a click and dammit,
And Tony cannot change the fact that if there is a price to be paid, Barnes has paid it when he shouldn't have had to at all.
"You're welcome, Ms. Khan."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Iron Man has not been in action for many weeks," Vision consoles him. "He will be, ironically, rusty." That gets a laugh out of Peter and Rhodey. Tony's not entirely sure the synthezoid understands irony yet.
Sam looked hopeful. Not for Captain America, not the way those kids looked at him, but for his buddy Steve. “Yeah,” he answered. “I’ll stick around.” He even managed to remember to hit the fist Sam held out with his own as he walked past him to get to Tony.
need it," he says. The thing on the table stares at him with lifeless eyes.
"Oh, please let me be in the room for that conversation," Natasha laughs quietly. Her shoulders are settling back and loose, her posture going lax; she's getting her game face on. Tony hasn't seen her like this since before the war. "I'll head out tomorrow morning. Thanks, Stark."
Captain Stacy frowns, stepping closer. "My daughter's somewhere in there, Mr. Stark. Gwen. Blonde hair. If you see her-"
springs to Tony's head, unbidden. He opens his mouth, then lets it go, sighing tiredly. "You, uh. You really know how to wear a guy out, T'Challa. Let's just go back, alright? I'm -" he hugs the Accords in close to his body. "I'm not a fan of cold."
They all seem so happy. Tony watches smiles across faces and people laughing and for a terrible dizzy second he cannot comprehend it. It's like his soul, if he even believed it in, has taken a step outside of his body. It's like a sick science experiment for a moment, his brain making a thousand calculations about endorphins and external stimuli and patterns of behavior. He's not part of this.
"Uh. Roger, strange person in my ear," Spider-Man says shakily.
he says.
Immediately after Rhodey's fall, though, it was a trial for his friend just to make it to his elevator to get to the fourth floor. So Tony tore out some conference rooms and cobbled together a suite for the both of them. "Just like college," he crowed when he showed Rhodey, trying and failing to keep his hands from hovering at the other man's elbows while he traipsed unsteadily around on his braces.
"Oh, Buck..."
Out on the landing pad, T'Challa hands him a small, ice cold metal box. Inside is a vial of Barnes' blood, freely given from the man himself. Tony takes it as a good sign, if nothing else. The helicopter that will take him to the airport touches down and impulsively Tony takes the hand T'Challa reaches out and pulls him into a hug. Too much, he thinks, a bit panicked, but as he pulls away T'Challa's hands brush against his side, where he had reached out to return the gesture.
“Open,” he ordered in a hoarse voice, and the armor obeyed. He climbed inside and took to the air, heading to the ruins they had uncovered barely a month ago. It was time to do some digging.
“No, he did, he’s just. I mean, he’s still strong, and fast, and-“ The other Steve was fully smiling now as Tony blundered all over the English language. “And he could still probably kick your ass, beefcake!”
. No one's asking for perfection, and no one minds if he's weak sometimes. He has a team to help him! He never has to go that far. And then he has the nerve to tell me he's doing it to protect me. I would
people instead of hurting -"
Howard hisses. Tony is eight years old and his hand is so small around the stylus as he carves the formula for terrigenesis into the dirt floors of a cave in Afghanistan. There is a sharp pain at the back of his head and his whole body lurches forward.
"Excuse me?"
"So what's the favor?" Rhodey asks on the drive home.
"FRIDAY," he says lowly, and the door into the room slides open.
Tony nods, and with no small effort, makes himself stand. "Then I'll leave it up to you to get started, Jolly Green. Nat probably wants to talk strategy so who knows how long this will take."
And Tony cannot change the fact that if there is a price to be paid, Barnes has paid it when he shouldn't have had to at all.
Tony tilted his head, confused. "But this is me," he said, gesturing at his own high-tech bean bag chair. Steve shook his head, letting it go. Tony would get it soon enough.
There was even a saying, just for them. Most people only used the first bit, but they all still knew the second. 'Rome wasn't built in a day...
"I'm not your cousin," he reminds her, opening the door for her. Lukin is waiting on the other side.
Steve leans back against the wall, gauging her face. As sweet as Tandy is, and she is his favorite of his three new teammates, she's been an agent for a long time. She was blind for three years. She probably has the meanest poker face this side of the Black Widow. "In your file," he says, a bit hesistant. "I saw your handler's report..."
Under the current Accords the Avengers can travel to any of the countries that have signed on as long as the UN council has approved, which, in most cases, there would be no reason not to. Chad is one of the few countries that have not recognized the Accords.
Which should be any time in the next few days. They're weaning her off the drugs as they speak. Kamala isn't fixed, might not ever be fixed, but she's fought this far. Tony has no doubt she'll keep fighting once she gets her feet underneath her again.
you have us do, Stark?"
Matt Damon."
"Oh. Well. I mean..." Kamala blushes, ducking her head a little. "Sorry, Mr. Vision."
with you. What we should do.”
NATASHA:
"Like a slug to the gut."
Tony already has the what. It’s the why that has slowly eaten everything away.
Tony bites the inside of his cheek until it hurts, but on the outside he simply raises his hand and says "It's your show, Gill."
"That young man worships the ground you walk on, Tony. He just wants you to be proud of him."
Tony shrugs, squinting at his tablet as FRIDAY pulls up everything she can find from Zemo's interrogation. Maybe the world can't handle Barnes' pain, but they all deserve the truth.
He finishes his sweep as SHIELD's clean up crew arrives and is coming back to them when they hear a murmur of surprise. "Viz?" Rhodey calls, but is met with silence.
a snide voice inside his head asks.
"They cannot stay."
"You won't like her when she's impatient."
"In my defense I was drunk," Tony says carelessly, preemptively.
The green figure has descended on the terrified group of Oscorp employees on the roof, being guarded by Cage. "Come now," the green man cackles, his voice distorted horribly through the insane mask he's wearing. "I only want just the one. Hand over Dr. Anderson and the rest go free."
For a moment, he saw the secret of himself.
is ringing.
"I'd have better luck with the unicorns," Tony scoffs, but he rolls his shoulders and squares them. Hope. They could all do with a bit of that right now.
Tony lifted a hand to his chest and pressed, hard. “We fought – the press called it a war. Me against him, with a side helping of Avengers.”
Ultron had not been overly concerned about the lack of either, Tony remembers. Ultron had exulted in it, its otherness, its superiority. It thought humanity was a plagued to be cut down and controlled.
"You ready?" he asks. Cloak straightens up in Dagger's grip but she doesn't let go, content to hold him as long as he needs. Steve doesn't question it; doesn't feel like he can. He doesn't know these people. "Get us out of here, then."
He's been staring at the container that houses the vial of James Barnes' blood for a good hour now and has not made one solitary move to open it and get started on the many analyses that need to be run. He doesn't want to know, to be honest. Barnes' serum - there's no doubt that it was Zola's own permutation, there's no other explanation. But as to how HYDRA could have replicated it,
"Humanity," Fury answers promptly, then he sighs, abruptly seeming very old all at once. "This isn't a conspiracy, Rogers. You've could have been sharing information with your team any time you wanted to, but you didn't, because you didn't think to, did you? You said it yourself. Tony's team, your team. The Avengers are split apart. You don't know how to work together anymore.
"Imagine having that fall into the wrong hands," Steve muttered, but Tony wasn't paying attention, putting his palm into the air and launching a projection hologram of his own body.
Did Peter catch that man?
I would have told you if Tony was hurt. He's working. He's got a lot on his plate right now.
“This is not fun,” Tony drawled.
"And for your blood," Tony confirms. "But that's entirely different."
He was with Donnie and Rhodey in the lab when they first heard the screams; the kid is pressed tightly to the corner, sunken into a half-crouch, while Rhodey hovers anxiously at the foot of the bed, holding one of Kamala's ankles in a soft grip. Kamala quiets down to a whimper, her limbs slowly retracting as her eyes slip closed, and Tony sets up the necessary regiment of drugs to keep her in a coma while he wipes his face clean.
Barnes is confused, he can tell even though his facial expression has hardly changed; fair enough, Tony himself can barely tell where he's going with this. "And it started to become this thing. This - safety. All day I had choices, options, things I could do, after months of not being able to do anything and it should have been freeing but-" There is a knowing gleam, almost sympathetic, in Barnes' eyes that Tony can't quite meet. "But I knew, when I went to my room at night, that I would sleep in the bathtub. Because I couldn't sleep in the bed. I didn't have to decide. I knew. If I wanted sleep, bathtub.
"Nothing," Tony insists, and it sounds like a plea. "I don't know why I called. I just - I messed up. And I-"
"Danvers," the Tony croaked. "I was right. Arrest that bartender. I've been poisoned."
There was a moment’s quiet, and then Big Steve was there next to him, hand on his shoulder. “You’re here and you’re helping, Tony. For me, that’s all I need to know.”
"Nostalgic," Tony snipes.
"You're just saying that because I'm dreaming."
"Yes, ma'am," Steve said sleepily, and she kissed his forehead in thanks.
A dusty shield, blue on red, chivalry and righteousness, on which they all rest.
And he will do this anyway, all of it, because every bad thing he wants for Barnes, Barnes has already known, and then known worse. There is nothing Tony can do to him, no vengeance he can exact that will surpass what he's already been through. Steve could argue until he was blue in the face that it was HYDRA and Bucky was innocent and Steve would be right, but that would not and could not change the fact that Barnes was the one who did it.
"So what's it say?" Tiberius' breath was hot in his ear as the older boy leaned over his chair, leaving goosebumps in his wake. "Leaving me already, Antony?"
T'Challa is watching him warily and his hands have inched towards the screen like he wants to reach through it. "You want Barnes' blood - to prove a theory about your father?"
Diamondback's eyeroll is almost audible. "Fine. Whatever. Just a perfectly good resource here, completely wasted. And this is why the bad guys keep winning."
Tony doesn't know anything about righteous fury. For the greater part of his life he's been the recipient of it, not the giver. He doesn't know what it feels like and if he did, he wouldn't let himself. Tony is not a righteous man. Tony doesn't deserve it.
"We need to get on top of this," Natasha says from her place beside him. She as tense as he is, the both of them completely useless here for anything but putting on a show for the press and acting as handlers for Vision, who still makes people a bit nervous. "We need to go bigger."
they could have gotten another sample...
Hey thank you all for waiting so long! I never meant for that to happen, but I got intimidated by my own story and kind of. Lost the plot. And my head. Sorry!
“There’s a sight for sore eyes.” He ran one big, gloved hand along the armor’s shoulder. “I miss you, Shellhead.”
"He of the endless yellow shirts? Yeah."
“Captain America needs his shield,” Tony finished softly. “And I thought – well, you haven’t lost everything, see?”
"Thank you, FRIDAY. You do not have to be all one thing or the other, Tony. As for Sergeant Barnes," Vision hesitates. "I'm afraid I have no sage advice on that subject. I know that you were in pain and I cannot understand what that does to humans but I know how deeply it affected Wanda. So I only can guess as to how deeply it wounded you."
Tony smiles grimly. "Does that sound like something I would do?"
Nat why are you contacting me at this number?
"Right," Stark said, suddenly jerking Steve back to the present. His gaze was still fixed on the water, but sometime while Steve had been thinking, the surface had gone smooth. Stark's hands had stopped shaking. The man shot him a smile, the lazy curl at odds with the sudden sharpness in his eyes. "You always were pretty good at speeches, Sheriff. You're right, like usual. No time for mopin' around. I've got things to do - business to see to. Folks to protect." He stood, reaching into his pocket and placing an old, worn coin on the countertop in what looked like a very practiced motion, and made for the door. "I've got to get back. Fisk and his boys are still lurking around town. Don't suppose you mind pointing me in the right direction?"
"With that kind of answer, we don't have to," Natasha replies dryly. "I can guess. You both sat in a room throwing ambiguous statements at each other so nobody had to talk about their feelings until time ran out, then did it all over the next day. You also probably gave him some way to contact Steve. How am I doing so far?"
Steve
Tony nods, watching the dim glow of the facility's lights get closer and closer. "Just in case he says no," he says quietly, and out of the corner of his eye he sees T'Challa's hand make an aborted move towards him, only to fall to the man's side with a slow, tired exhale.
FRIDAY responds, ignoring Tony's mutter of 'killjoy' as she barrels on.
Bruce pats him on the shoulder and beckons to Vision, who runs his smooth hand once through Tony's hair before passing through the door after Bruce, leaving Tony alone. He staggers back to his work station, peering at the notes he was assembling on the Terrigenesis formula.
They're gathered around the table on a Friday night, Peter hanging from the ceiling upside down and T'Challa deigning to grace them with his presence, when Tony sets the papers in front of Natasha Romanov to make her the first official ambassador to the United Nations on behalf of the Avengers Initiative. There is the barest quiver at the very corner of Natasha's mouth that gives her away as she stares down at the papers, pen twirling idly in her hand.
"Mr. Barnes will be exonerated of the bombing charges, of course," the representative reassures him, picking through the evidence from Zemo's interrogation with distaste. "But he still has to answer for the multiple counts of assassination, Mr. Stark."
“No!” he shouted, pulling with all his might. “I am not losing to an asshole time vortex! Let. Go!” He engaged the thruster in his right gauntlet, the one he never took off, and heaved. All at once the dragging force relented, and Tony fell backwards.
"Are you okay?" she repeats.
Sarkissian doesn't look up, but her eyes lose their focus. She's thinking, debating whether to give in, and what to give up. More than that, she wants so badly to tell him why she was better, smarter, and why they all should have listened to her. She wants to show off. It's the only thing she has left.
"No," Tony says quietly. His arm tingles; he remembers this from the portal, how he lost the feeling in his fingers first. "But I think I've seen it."
Tony gawped at him again. “You – you believe me? Just like that?”
Jan turned to Steve, staring down at his shaking fist. "How could he even suggest..." he choked out.
Still, he doesn’t love Steve right up until the moment that Steve finds him hiding in his Tower workshop a month after he left him at the new compound with the recruits. They’ve been chatting by phone, keeping each other updated while Tony tries to handle the fact that he built the very thing he was trying to prevent and Steve tries to deal with the fact that Tony didn’t tell him about it.
"Or because there's really nothing to forgive," Maria says on a laugh. Outside, Howard puts out his cigar and shakes Obie's hand then comes around to slide in the driver's seat, reaching for his mother's hand.
“What do you think did it this time?” Sam asked, leaning back so he could see beyond Brian. From the looks of it, Tony was trying to shove something into Steve’s hands and Steve wasn’t taking it. He sighed. “Another part of Tony Stark’s Across the Century in Eighty Days.”
"He and Everett Ross are pretty tight nowadays. Pretty sure short stack's in love so I'll just ask His Highness to bat his big panther eyelashes in the right direction."
"They're good people, sir," Rhodey says.
Her hand slides down to wrap around his elbow. "C'mon. Tell me. I'm right here, I swear it."
"Can I talk to them?"
"I feel like I have just been insulted, Your Highness," Tony says tightly. He doesn't want to do this.
13364864255:
He doesn’t love Tony, but here, underneath his hands, breathing and alive, is where Tony belongs. He’ll do anything to keep it that way, even something as terrifying as falling in love all over again. Tony promises again, and Steve believes him, dragging Tony back up again to lay kisses against the words spilling out of that mouth.
He sounds so proud. Steve isn't sure he deserves it. "Lately I haven't felt like there's much of anything in there, Buck," he says in a near whisper. "'Specially not Captain America."
Back then, it had been a struggle for both of them to keep their distance from one another. Back then, Tony's entire chest had been covered in a plaster while what was left of his bones settled. There were brand new stitches from where Helen Cho had cut him open and replaced the broken fiberglass sternum.
Tony blows out a breath, trying to get his thoughts in order. It's a question he's often asked himself. Best he's come up with is this: "You know way back in 2011, the US government was trying to take my suit? Of course you do, everybody does, FOX ran those clips for a month straight. I didn't want them to have it, as far as I was concerned, they had no right. I didn't want the tech leased out to the army, because I didn't trust them. But then some...things...happened, and Rhodey got a suit of his own. And you know what he did, he took it straight to his boys in blue. And I was okay with that. Mostly. Because I trusted Rhodey. I knew he'd do it right. The Accords, they were a lot like that. I didn't like a lot of what was in the original resolution, not by a long shot, but the bones of it were good, so I thought - if just one of us can get our hands on the wheel.
A feral grin curls at Madame Hydra's lips. "I wonder what is growing in their places?"
“Tony?” he breathed, because it was impossible, either way. It couldn’t be Tony – this man had to be in his forties, and he was certainly shorter than Steve’s own Tony, not to mention he had no arc reactor. But it had to be Tony – that ridiculous hair, that innate swagger,
"Tony's a valued teammate and a technology expert. It only makes sense to wait for his input."
"Huh," Tony says intelligently, blinking up at his friend. He thought he'd have the lab to himself for at least another day. "Okay, Banner, I'm gonna be a hypocrite here for a minute and explain what 'space' means, alright? Bear with me." He sits up and sways a little; his tolerance has gone way down over the past few months.
"Yes was all I could say," he finishes.
Except the man in front of him isn't that boy, anymore. This isn't six years ago, or seventy three year ago depending, sitting in that tiny canteen in the city with Bucky laughing at his propaganda costume.
His mouth rounded over the syllables as the word beat in his brain like a pulse inside a cut, inexorable and painful. As if called, Tony's head lifted and turned towards the glass. Whatever warmth in his gaze there was while it passed over Obie, it froze for Howard. There was nothing in there. A genius with no heart. A body with no soul. With that word ringing in his ears, Howard could see the truth.
NATASHA:
"We haven't spoken in six years, Tony. I'm not your cousin," she says primly, seating herself on the table and staring at Tony before sighing hard. "I thought it was the right choice at the time. I'm not apologizing for it."
"Oh," Kamala says, her face growing stony. "Thank you, Mr. Stark."
"My, my, my, you sound like you've discovered of whole new level of righteous anger recently, congratulations."
DECRYPTING...
In front of Steve lay the phone and two copies of the Accords. He already knows what he's going to do, what he has to do, what he has always done. But it can't hurt to know every side. He pulls T'Challa's Accords towards him and picks up a pen.
plan, Wanda? How are you going to solve all this or save him from another sixty years in an icebox?"
"Gone. The apartment is cleaned out, bank accounts emptied. She ran and hid. Quite well, in fact, a rudimentary search turned up nothing. Her DVR had a backlog of every investigation show known to man; I guess all those episodes of Lieutenant Joe Kenda finally came in handy. The police don't have a single lead. I'll keep looking, but I wanted you up-to-date."
. Because I made them. Somehow that didn’t reassure him.”
,” she prayed into his hair.
“Howard
Ostensibly to help him with his programming. He has plans to bring evidence exonerating Barnes to the United Nations.
"Barton is taking over primary training duties for the Avengers," he begins.
"Join the club, kiddo," Tony says, then winces. But Donnie doesn't appear too ruffled. "Hey," he goes on, nudging at him. "You want to go to a play with us? Natasha stole these really nifty digital face masks from SHIELD. We can make you look like Brad Pitt."
"I don't know, Tony," he admits. "I am not my father."
"I don't know," Rhodes said thoughtfully, and not nearly as distressed as Steve thought he should be. "Whatever it is, real or not, it's far off in the future and Tony will test it thoroughly - putting one piece of experimental tech into his body was enough for him, I think."
Tony doesn't look down. "Yeah, she was having some trouble with the DoD so I thought I'd lend her a hand - I don't even remember writing this line of code; FRIDAY, new rule about drinking while doing surgery on you, sweetheart -"
"I know, Stevie." Bucky's voice was soft as they slowly made their way down the street. The shops were already closing for the night, and their mothers would be angry they were out so late. "And...you know I wouldn't have you any other way. Only, I wish you knew how it felt sometimes, Stevie, seeing you black and blue."
move. You keep turning back."
, what with us being miles and miles from civilization. I don't think Kamala's had physical contact with anyone not in the facility since her parents' funeral. And I was thinking: my Tower's just standing there; the top ten floors are just acting as a really fancy hat right now. Or the mansion, even, giant mausoleum that it is."
Tony stops giving him the opportunity.
"I, um. Already had two cups," Kamala stammers. "Was that Luke Cage?"
"I remember all of them," Barnes murmurs, eyes lifting back up to Tony's. There is something almost defiant in them.
Tony pulls a face. The Spyder had been a one of Pepper's more dubious purchases. He separates the key and tosses it to Rhodes. "You're not going with him?" Natasha asks, amused, and Tony puts on a stricken face.
"There he is," his father says roughly, nodding down at the lump. "James Barnes. Right where I thought he'd be. He was still in there, see. There's nothing broken I can't fix. So stop crying, Anthony."
"I'm not sure I should use
He does? How would he help with the programming?
"And for my blood," Barnes says knowingly.
Tony thinks.
"For the record: it was yours. It was your fault," Tony snarks, but otherwise does as bid with fingers he can't feel, and watches as Howard unscrews the pieces holding James Buchanan Barnes' head together. The Winter Soldier fall apart underneath him, and his fingerprints are seared into the parts he casts aside. Cerebellum, brainstem, occipital lobe, glowing with a sicky blue pulse of light. Finally, Howard tugs loose the amygdala, and dumps it into Tony's hands.
“Tony…” Steve whispered, mindlessly running his hand over the star in the middle of his shield.
“I won’t, I won’t,” Tony promises against his skin. “I’m right here, champ. We’ll both - yes please that
"Hey," Tony says, voice cracking as he turns to face him. "Look, I'm glad that you remembered to lock yourself in, kid, really. I know you wanna get better. You've got time. I promised you I wasn't going to let SHIELD get there hands on you."
HE STOLE MY SHIELD:
"Any video
"Steve's way home is that much easier," Barnes finishes for him, and Tony's teeth hurt from how hard they click together.
"T'Challa," he says lowly, turning to the king watching them all impassively. He steps forward, digs into his bag, and pulls out the copy of the Accords he has not let go of for days. It seems even heavier now than when he first received it, laden down with his notes and drawings or, if Steve was Sam, his regrets and worries. "Can you make sure this gets to him?"
"May I read it?" T'Challa asks, settling the document comfortably in his hands.
"This would be protecting people - us!" Tony protested. "Are we supposed to play catch-up for the rest of our lives, hoping against hope that this time won't be the one they get lucky and take one of us out?"
She just stares him down. She looks almost uncomfortable. It's delightful.
There is a loud crackle in Tony's ear, making him involuntarily jerk to the side. As he course corrects, he barks out a roll call, but Luke and Daredevil are as fine as they were ten seconds ago. "Spider-Man?" Tony tries.
(She doesn't say,
Somewhere Natasha snorted. “To Merlin’s superior magic, I hope.”
"No. I merely wanted to check on Ms. Khan."
Tony is so proud of this kid.
"What?"
"Still protecting them?" Ross leans closer. "Even after all they've done? Even after Siberia?" A shock of cold shoots straight through Tony's body and he takes an incremental step back, staring wildly at Ross, now wearing a smug grin. "Zemo's interrogation was
"What?" Peter yelps. "Really?"
He remembers that writing, it's Bruce's.
"Might be your last chance, so live it up," Tony growls, putting on a new burst of speed.
“…Expectations, mostly,” Tony answered, so quietly Steve almost couldn’t hear him. Then his face hardened, his tone brisk. “You don’t look like you have to worry about that here, though, all this…
Also (so much talking) I know may be ???? at Peter's misty water-colored memories of Norman Osborn, but remember that he only saw Osborn with his game-face (not THAT game-face) on, and doesn't have the full story. Furthermore this is based off Willem Dafoe's Norman, who was capable of geniality and kindness before he Green Goblin'd himself, and also enormous cruelty. People are funny like that, and even funnier when they're dead and you only want to remember the good parts.
"I'll take in under consideration," Laura chuckles. Tony spots her tiny figure rise up from one of the deck chairs and one by one beckon the other tiny figures on the roof to follow her inside. "Ten minutes, boys. Any later and your portions get added to Nate's food smash."
"I'm grateful. I've mentioned that, right, how grateful I am?" Tony asks. "You're totally getting a raise."
Ty's hands came to rest on his shoulder, kneading a little. "How funny," he remarked as his thumbs hooked under Tony's collar, tracing his spine. The barest suggestion. "Isn't that what you always say to me?"
He hears the hum of the glider and Luke Cage roars, sprinting to the edge of the roof and displacing the Green Man with one punch. Unfortunately he appears to be locked in; the whole thing flips and Luke slides off. Luke falls as the glider rights itself and the man commanding it turns his sights back on the roof. There's enough noise that Daredevil seems to be a bit disoriented, and Tony freezes for a second, knowing Daredevil won't be enough protection and Luke won't survive the fall.
"Brucey-bear," Tony says weakly. "It's so good to see you."
-Thank you. I don't think he'd hear it from me.
“You sure? ‘Cause you seem pretty angry there, kid,” Tony said, a tiny hint of his smirk reappearing. “Don’t tell me this is the first time you’re letting this all out. Discretion is not a better part of your valor.”
One time Diamondback pretended to faint just to get Steve to hold her, in the comics. It was amazing.
(See the end of the chapter for
down. "Tell you what, kid. You read it, make a note of what you want to change, I'll be back in a week and we can talk."
tickets went to friends, coworkers, the Jarvises, even Obie (it was Stane's secret shame. Tony had gotten him an autographed mask once. Tony doesn't want to think about that.)
"There is something you can help me with," Tony says after a long pause. Everett quirks his head to the side and leans forward, the picture of sincere interest. "The other Winter Soldiers, found in the Siberian bunker - what happened to their bodies?"
There are six more like that, all making sure that if Hope screws up the government can't take her suit. And here:
Tony exchanges confused glances with his friends. "What does he want?"
"What gives, Fry?"
"He-" Steve lets out his breath in a hiss. "He doesn't trust us. The Avengers, I mean. So he's trying to control the situation. It's putting people at risk."
"Wanda," he says, trying to put a little Captain America in his voice to make sure she was listening. "You are not a monster, you never were. And what happened to Pietro was Ultron's fault and nobody else's. You remember what I told you? We try to save everyone we can, but that's not always possible. There are some things you can't help."
"So I was thinking," he says at four thirty in the morning. "That I don't talk. And - that you don't talk. Or, maybe you do and it's just not to me, and that's okay! But we don't talk, Viz, and it's breaking my heart."
Jan stood up, ready to head Tony and any of his tears off, but she paused, looking down at the table. “You had all better show up for that movie tonight!” She hissed, and then flitted across the quad to where Tony stood, staring down at his hand.
"Where?" T'Challa says, eyes narrowed.
Steven considered him, then relaxed as well. Anthony was as persuasive as he was reckless, and he and Clinton had become great friends. He could not fault Barton too greatly for this.
"Tones," Rhodey calls, his voice unmodulated. When Tony looks down it is his best friend, not War Machine, looking back. "It'll be okay, you know that, right? I've got your back."
Tony almost spits back, but godammit that would only prove T'Challa's point. "So what's the line, then, Highness, since you seem so well-informed? What's in the space between protection and control?"
. But in this, HYDRA is still one. We
"Hey, Hope?" He startles her out of her thoughts, earning him a cross look. "What do you think about moving?"
Little does he know-" In the hologram a swarm of little dots went into Tony's body. "I've always got the armor. In my bones! A symbiotic relationship between man and machine - that's the future, right there, and
Jan sighed. Tony hated the sound of it, the familiarity of the disappointment in it. Howard would be proud of that sigh, he thought, and then hated himself for even comparing his best friend to Howard. “We’re supposed to be a team, Tony. His team.”
A valorous hammer and an dutiful arrow, a lightning bolt of hope, a snowflake of courage. Wings of friendships and an atom of cleverness. A crimson swirl of conviction. A brave spider weaving its web among the clutter. Buried among the rest, a red star, dully shining with commitment.
"It's not about me," Rhodey says softly. "But yeah, okay. We're good, Tones. For now."
It isn’t what he’s expecting, and dammit it should have been; trust Tony Stark to ask the one question that made him feel even more foolish. “Biologically?” he bit out. Tony nodded. “Twenty two.”
"We are on a wild goose chase," Diamondback had hissed.
"Call," he tries. "Call Wakanda, will you?"
My parents saw it on their 25th anniversary and it was their favorite. My dad used to sing Michael Crawford to my mom," she trails off wistfully.
Tony swallows. Swallows again.
"Well, if you want we can talk about Barnes-" Tony makes shushing motions with his hands and Bruce grins at him for a moment before growing serious again. "Seriously, Tony, are you...?"
I don't know guys.
, are you getting that?"
"-and I would do it all over again!" she snaps. "It was the right choice and you know it."
She's joking, but for just a moment he can hear the thread of strain through her voice. He reminds himself to hire Jennifer some more newbie lawyers to handle the mundane paperwork. It'll make a few of his SI employees always dying to show off their Harvard grads happy, too.
(See the end of the chapter for
He has nightmares. He has nightmares about Steve.
He thought nobody would ever quite beat Natasha and Bruce in terms of sheer traumatic childhoods, and while Cloak and Diamondback are not quite on their level, the things they went through are real in a way that hurts. No Red Rooms or obsessive generals or drunk fathers, but multiple foster homes and stints where they are unaccounted for. The psychologist who assembled their profiles remarks that they were most likely living on the streets during this time.
This is how Peter and Rhodey find him an indeterminate amount of time later. "Tones?" Rhodey's voice is concerned and he peers up at his friend blearily before his eyes drift down to his best friend's legs. This new model of braces are so thin they almost indiscernible under Rhodey's loose fitting slacks but Tony knows. Tony always knows.
"They don't deserve Wakanda," T'Challa shoots back, but his voice lacks heat. "They have had a certain degree of freedom with me. Your Wanda is taking classes at our university. Scott Lang's skill in engineering has not gone to waste and Mr. Wilson has picked up our language at an astounding pace. I have sparred with Captain Rogers many times...he is a good man. I do not relish the thought of taking away their freedom."
Everyone's group date to POTO will be in the next chapter I promise. (Yes, I know Barnes' serum is not Steve's serum but where do you think Howard got his start since Steve's blood was destroyed? Nazis, that's where.) (I don't actually watch Agent Carter.)
Barnes drops his eyes to the papers, skimming a hand over schematics, charts of data and graphs. Tony leans against the window, staring at the wall opposite him. They both wait for more, and don't get it. It'd be easier if Barnes was a machine. He could take him apart piece by piece, find the spanner in the works, the cracked power source, the faulty gear alignment, the clogged exhaust. Tony would clean him 'till he gleamed, make an adjustment to the frame and switch out a few bad parts and then put him back together again.
, do you remember? Back when Oscorp was on the cutting edge of medicinal research?"
"Someone has been busy," Madame Hydra notes as her eyes light on the data. She reaches out with one finger and scrolls. "Someone very clever indeed. I'm sure my former associates are delighted about that. They have been vindicated after all."
“I don’t understand.” In unison, they turned to the newcomer. Brian was still staring across the quad. “They’re your friends. Shouldn’t you all try to put a stop to this?”
Tony blinked up at him blearily, his gaze suddenly focusing on Steve's face. For the first time the raw intelligence that Steve had seen in the older Tony, that he saw everyday in his own Tony, surfaced in those big brown eyes. "Don't you remember?" he asked, even as he pulled away.
Tony snorts. The persistent coil of worry sitting his chest loosens a bit, but not too much. If Peter were really okay, he'd probably be bitching about Tony 'checking up on him.' Peter hates being coddled almost as much as he secretly loves it.
he didn’t ask at the hospital, because he already knew the answer. Same reason he gave his address to a terrorist, probably, or the reason why he sometimes sees himself steering towards the ground when he’s flying the suit. You
"It's harder here, huh?" he asks after a moment.
"I believe she wants to thank you, sir."
I've never seen you disappointed in Pepper except for that one time she told you the ending made her cry. Don't forget a ticket for her or she'll kick your ass." Tony just pushes at his shoulder with a roll of his eyes. "And buy an extra for me, would you? Carol will be coming down. I think she'd like it."
"I still can't believe it," Peter whispers, so small and shrinking further, and it makes Tony ache. The familiar urge to wrap Peter in ten layers of blankets and bubblewrap and kindness rises up in him, but he remains rooted in his seat. He doesn't know how to fix this; he thinks in all the universe, grief is the one thing that is intrinsically broken.
But it only pulled tighter and tighter, dragging him in. Tony opened his mouth, maybe to scream for help, when-
Because it doesn't have to be giving in. It doesn't even have to be forgiveness, or an apology, not if Tony doesn't want it to be. He can choose to see this for what he wants it to be, he can choose to hope it's what Steve meant (because he's realized, thinking of the drawing still in his pocket, that he has, perhaps, never known what Steve meant). Just - together. To fight the evils that others can't. To be Avengers.
"Well, lucky I'm an engineer then, huh? I know how to fix a flawed design." All that gets him is a glare and Tony turns, rests his shoulder against the glass and settles in for what is about to be, without a doubt, an uncomfortable conversation. "What were your words,
"Cut that precinct a check, Fry. Whatever I was meant to pay my PR guys this month. Oh, wait, no. I think that falls under bribery." Tony rolls his eyes. "I'll think of something. Body armor or new cams, software upgrades maybe..."
Stark deserves a lot of things but he didn't deserve that.
The portal opens and they step through darkness into the training room Fury has assigned for them specially. And instantly, except for a still clinging Dagger, they take a step away from each other.
"Because they're safe with you," Tony says simply, moving forward to look up at whatever had fascinated T'Challa so. "And I want them to be safe. I told Steve that I didn't want to see him gone and as mad as I am - God, I am furious - that's still true. And Wanda...I think about Wanda's safety a lot. Sam, good guy. Lang's perfectly decent, I'm sure. Barnes has been through enough crap already. I'm not defending them, you already know everything I would say. This is me being selfish, Highness. They were my team. They don't deserve the Raft."
"- and he cannot be blamed for the actions his body performed when they wiped his mind away. James Barnes is no longer that person."
We're fine, thank you. How about you?
Luke raises an eyebrow and steps back. "Other guy-?"
The taste is at the back of his tongue as he stares down the man who just walked into the compound and the motley crew assembled behind him.
"I never meant to hurt him. Anyone," Steve says quickly.
a scrawled note says, and Tony remembers seeing that for the first time and wondering what the fuck in meant.
What happened?
There is a terrible noise and Steve realizes it came from Scott. The man has a sheet of paper in one trembling hand, the other clapped over his mouth. "Scott? What is it?" Wanda asks. She steps forward and picks up the envelope he has dropped and her face goes a little pale before she crosses to hand it to Steve.
"Agreed," Tony says before anyone else can chime in, and cuts the line. His team looks positively murderous when he turns around and he raises his hands. "You said yourself that we can't just sit here. We have to do the best we can under the circumstances."
Tony nods, smiling a little and feeling so out of his depth. "'Course. Like I said. I trust you. You have never let me down. And I've learned my mistake, okay, this isn't my guilt talking, this isn't me trying to parent you, this is me being your team leader. I have an obligation not only to you but to the rest of my team to make sure you are in the best possible shape to be at our six."
He and Pepper were never a mistake. This is not something Tony will fix. He will let it settle and grow into something else. Maybe something better.
“Boy, do you know what I don’t miss it?” The stranger asked, rising up with a surprising amount of grace. He was in what Steve finally noticed looked like hospital scrubs. “You.”
"Say what you want to say," Ultron says lightly, leaning back down over Tony. "I'm a puppet."
His eyes meet Tony's again, he finally realizes he's clenching his fist and relaxes it, and he is fighting
builds up when saying the last three. The highest point is nearly always achieved at the second to last word, and then it plateaus at the last. That's the switch, when Donnie becomes Blizzard." Tony nods in understanding and Bruce swipes at the screen, pressing play on a simulation. As it runs, he explains further. "All we have to do is prevent his brain waves from reaching the level of those spikes. When Blizzard becomes active, his brain waves stay at that level. The reason why knocking him - and Bucky Barnes - out is so effective is because its knocks them out of that level. You have to build it up all over again. If we install a chip, or nanites, that would prevent Donnie's brain from ever reaching that plateau, he'll never switch over."
He is standing over a lab table. He expects gears and struts, he expects to reach out and build something.
And Tony didn't want to worry, not yet, because he hadn't built FRIDAY for anything but piloting the suit and maybe running a household, originally, so she was still learning, but - but maybe something had gotten to her? Maybe something was blocking her commands. Maybe miracles had happened and the Department of Defense had finally hired competent security analysts. "But we're hitting some roadblocks. We - I received intel about the attack in New York that bothered me. The Green Goblin was strong, fast, and mutated," Tony says to the others. "From what we know about HYDRA, it was exactly what they wanted out of Terrigenesis. Oscorp was working on some top secret project for the government, and HYDRA's always had a few fingers in that pie. I just figured - well."
, he thought as he watched a little boy with icing smeared over his face test out a few of the keys on his new present with as much diligence as he'd given that circuit board he'd built when he was five. If he could've built Tony in a lab he couldn't have come up with a better result, but Tony was flesh and blood and broken, worse than a second soulmate. He should have been complete, not this unavoidable facsimile of life that had Maria's smile.
"That's Captain America's number." Peter nearly drops the phone. "He's in hiding but he's promised to come back if we need him. If you think we need him, call that number. It has to be pretty major. I'm trusting you, Peter."
