“I went through your dad’s archive. You’d be surprised how detailed FRIDAY’s indexes are.”
“Just OK?” Steve asks.
“OK,” he decides.
Still between her legs, Steve becomes aware of his own aching erection pressed flat against his belly. He moves his hand to wrap around himself but only gets in two strokes before Tony stops him with a hand on his wrist. He looks at Kara, who nods.
“Are you sure,” Tony pushes back, just to be safe.
After, lying in a mess of wrinkled, damp sheets, Tony rolls on top of him and cradles Steve’s face between his hands, placing errant kisses along his brow and temple.  He whispers soft endearments as they both come down, chests slick with sweat and pressed together. The words still make Steve blush, though he loves hearing them.
Sure, he’s a little out of practice, but casual fucking is like riding a bike as far as Tony’s concerned. Once you get good at it, it never really leaves you.
He tugs a sheet over them, just enough to keep out the chill on their cooling skin, and murmurs soft nothings till Steve’s breathing evens out and he pulls away slightly. Tony’s glad for the light of the bedside lamp, it illuminates not just the pale blue of his eyes, but shows the wrinkles on Steve’s forehead, the deep crease between his brow. He traces his fingers over those small flaws, grateful for the cracks, and feels the terrible weight of the new responsibility in front of him. One orgasm won’t cure everything, but it’s a start.
There’s an edge to his voice, and Tony gets the sense that there’s something Steve’s not telling him, something larger and possibly darker happening that turns his stomach. Again, this would be the time for him to leave, but Steve’s breath is coming in harsh little bursts, so Tony doesn’t go anywhere.
They meet back up in the kitchen, sharing juice and toast and oatmeal or eggs. It’s a ritual that Steve hasn’t shared with another person since his mother’s kitchen in Brooklyn.
“What was the dream about?” Steve asks. They’re standing at the edge of the compound’s playground, while Peter runs a circuit from the monkey bars to the slide to the mini-trampoline.
“Just stay in the damn jet next time,” Steve practically begs. Before he can reveal himself completely, he buries his face against the side of Tony’s neck and kisses his temple. He tightens his grip on Tony’s hand, squeezes his fingers till they hurt.
“Aren’t you though?”
They had spent a lot of time together over the years and Tony had seen Steve in pretty much ever state of dress and undress through all that time. He’d seen Steve shirtless often enough and had even (accidentally) walked in on him once while he was showering. Still, in all that time, he’d never seen Steve like this. His face was freshly scrubbed, his hair slightly damp at the temples and brow.  Barefoot and clad only in a worn Army t-shirt and a pair of soft looking plaid pajama pants, he looked vulnerable in a way Tony hadn’t anticipated. The sight of his bare toes curled against the cold floor was somehow more intimate than seeing him naked.
“Why aren’t you locking your doors?” Tony sat on the edge of the bed and watched as Peter punched at the buttons on his Switch. His room was much smaller, barely large enough for a bed, but it had the same big window and great view.
“She’s basically a spy. Like an evil one. Not a good one, like Natasha. I’m pretty sure I did a good thing here.”
“Not yet,” he says, and flips Steve over so he’s on his back, erection pointed rudley at the ceiling. Tony’s own erection is straining his briefs but he ignores it and spreads Steve’s legs wider apart. He works his thumbs into the soft flesh around Steve’s hips and thighs, making a fist and pushing his knuckles into the dense tissue that’s rock hard from the thousands of squats Steve surely does. It makes Steve groan and arch his back, his dick making pathetic little thrusts into thin air. He wants to come and Tony’s tempted to let him, but not yet, not till he pushes just a little further. Tony trails a hand up Steve’s chest, and flicks his thumb across Steve’s nipple, making him gasp.
“No.” Steve answers professionally, his voice flat, devoid of any emotion.
but the words strangle him, and he digs his fingers into Tony’s side and bites his lip until he can taste blood.
His own nakedness made him acutely aware that Tony was still dressed, and he worried, irrationally, that Tony would step away now, leaving him alone.
“Now that you’re done saving the world, how about breakfast?” Tony asks.
“I will,” Steve replies, but doesn’t move.
Peter shrugs but smiles when Tony promises him an extra glass of juice with his breakfast. It’s hardly a routine, but just like the day before, Tony throws on a sweatshirt, pours some cereal and cracks two eggs into a pan. They’re halfway through eating when the door chimes.
“Shit,” Tony says, looking at the clock. It’s half past four. Even though ever second away from Peter is a second spent helping him, Tony still feels like a neglectful heel.
“Are you?” Tony asks. “This is not like you, Pete. We all work as a team.You don’t take matters into your own hands, even during a sim. You know that.”
“It’s not clear what he remembers,” Tony says by way of apology. “Do you...you can stay here until he’s back to normal, if you want.”
“I know,” Tony says again, at a loss at how to stop the awful, watery wavier in Steve’s voice. “That’s ok.”
Steve obliges and groans, pushing slowly inside her. She feels so good, a tight, wet heat he hasn’t felt in ages, and wraps her legs around him, driving deeper.
“It’s alright,” Tony says again, his fist curled tight. “You don’t have to fight it.” He keeps his voice low, pushing his face so close to Steve’s they’re practically kissing. He pumps his hand faster now, speeding up his strokes, as Steve gasps and curses and then goes suddenly still as he comes in tight little jerks, all over the bed.
“You’re taking Rhody.” Steve snaps. He keeps his voice clipped and squares his jaw. “That’s an order.”
Rhody shrugs his shoulders, at a loss. “He’s shaken up, beat to hell. I don’t know, he was pretty out of it. He looked scared, Tony.”
Tony’s never been good with space. Not with Pepper, not with Steve, certainly not with Peter. If he were interested in letting Peter come to him, he’d be back in his room or somewhere in his lab, not where he is now, leaning over the observation deck, watching as the team gets ready to run through a battle simulation.
“You’re safe from it, Peter. You don’t have to worry about him.”
Tony flinched a little. “What does that have to do with it.”
“Oh god, Pete, I’m so sorry,” Tony says, daring to take a few steps closer. “I never wanted you to see any of that.”
The toys are gone, the clothes are gone, the furniture all put back in place. He’s not sure if he’s mad or grateful at Steve for taking care of it. The only thing left is Peter’s bear, and
“Someday you’ll make some girl truly happy, Steve.” Natasha reaches up and ruffles his hair, not at all put off by his sweaty state. She smacks the morning paper against his chest, leaving him to take it off her hands. “I just hope she’s far more forward than even
“Just so we’re clear, pal – I did not know this was a setup when I came here tonight.”
“Well, these days it’s getting harder and harder to lock the good ones down under contract. I’ve even been hearing whispers of back-end deals.” Those last three words trip off Tony’s tongue knowingly. “Stark Pictures would like to protect its potential…assets.”
While the score is finished and the edits polished, it’s essentially the same film he’d seen less than a month ago at Tony’s place. That, along with the fact that he does not really want to be here, makes it difficult to focus. He hopes no one from the press is watching him watch the film, noting his reactions, because that will look bad for everyone involved.
“Except magic,” Steve points out.
“That’s fine.”  Steve shrugs, corner of his mouth ticking upward.
He’s wearing the shirt Tony bought for him at American Apparel last week; the deep vee of the dark maroon tee is partially covered by his scarf, but Tony can still see a hint of his sharp collarbone, the fabric clinging deliciously to the muscular cut of his pecs.  A threadbare grey hoodie is zipped halfway up his wide chest, and a brown corduroy blazer somehow sits un-rumpled over the whole ensemble.  Despite his broad shoulders, his waist is impossibly narrow, and Tony slips his hand down to rest there, sliding underneath the layers of his clothing to touch the warm bare skin of Steve’s back, just above the top of his dark wash jeans.
“A man after my own heart,” Tony agrees, smiling.
“What
He heads toward the tinkling of the piano, some old Hoagy Carmichael tune a familiar comfort as he weaves through the throng of patrons near the bar and then works around the maze of round five-seater tables that fill the center of the room.
Tony takes his time setting the torch down, pretending it’s precaution, and then flips up the face mask before taking it off completely.  He puts it aside and wipes his brow.
“No,” Natasha shakes her head.
Her closet is empty, her things gone from the bathroom.  She must have cleared out the second she saw the news report.
the door, much less the keyhole, until Nigel clicks the key into place and turns the lock.
“I’m actually kinda tired.  Maybe we should head back.”
“Director Fury – this all isn’t making any sense to me,” Bruce shakes his head, puzzled, evidently too caught up in sorting through the logic to start a rampage.  “If Barnes’ mission were to grab Steve, why did they send him into SHIELD headquarters, which would make such a mission ten times more difficult?  It’d surely be easier to let Barnes be spotted somewhere,
Steve holds his hands up to signal that there’s no need to hand it back.
“So a triad, rather than a vee.” Tony comments simply, as if these things were obvious.
In this chapter, there is a brief scene wherein Loki attempts to blackmail Steve into sexual intercourse. He succeeds in making Steve intensely uncomfortable and upset but Tony interrupts and Loki departs. Tony is jealous at seeing Loki and Steve together and Steve angrily corrects his assumptions.
Tony turns back to his breakfast, already over his goat cheese and spinach omelette and eyeing Steve’s gluten free vegan French toast.  He contemplates how long it will take Steve to notice his wandering eyes and offer him some.  It won’t take long, it never does.
“You look nice,” he says, catching Tony totally off guard. “I mean, your suits are always nice, but the tux is a good look on you. You look handsome.”
“You ready kid? Tony asks, as they zip him up into a modified suit.
“Well I appreciate that, thank you.” Tony yawns, everything from yesterday coming back in a rush. He turns to his side, lifting his arm from under the covers. “Do you remember your mom, buddy?’
The two of them worked in tandem, touching and kissing and stroking, until Steve was writhing on the sofa, making little confused noises of pure pleasure.
Steve nods, his back ramrod straight in the chair. “I know. Let’s get it over with.”
“Don’t act like I’m doing you some big favor, Steve,” he says.
“It’s just herb chicken, but I think he’ll eat it. Ready for dinner, Pete?”
“An embarrassing one,” Steve says. His mouth turns into a thin line, the growing problem in front of him not something he views with any kind of pleasure. “I can’t really control it,” he mumbles. “I should be able to handle this myself but...it’s not working. I don’t know, stress or something. I’ll be fine, I just need a minute to calm down.”
“You’re alright,” he whispers, when Steve starts to twitch under him. He digs his thumbs into Steve’s posterior muscles, sweeping up in a little half circle until Steve is shifting his hips rhythmically against the the bed.
“I! Want! Juice!”
Steve shakes his head. “Bruce kicked us all out after the first seven hours. Said you were stable, and being monitored excessively. No overnight stays.”
Steve smiles. “I miss a lot of things.”
“Tony!” Steve snapped at him again and Tony shut up for good.
“It won’t help if you harass him,” Steve says, tugging on one of his older uniforms. He straps on his cowl and Tony notices white medical tape still wrapped around his knuckles. “Give him some space.”
He almost lets things slip when they’re like this, wrapped up so tight in each other that Steve has no room to hide anything. There are words he could say as Tony works him open with his fingers while his mouth sucks at his erection, but he clenches his jaw, fisting his hands through Tony’s hair until he comes down his throat. Still sensitive and sore, a groan escapes Steve’s mouth as Tony continues to push his fingers inside him, slow but relentless. Steve drops his head back, and grips the sheets, the sensation overwhelming already.  He squeezes his eyes shut as Tony removes his fingers, lines up and enters him in one swift move.
“A little not good, yeah.”
“It was just me and my mom,” Steve says. He cuts up Peter’s chicken, and pushes the juice glass slightly of spilling range. “Sometimes Bucky too, but it was nice.”
“Mr. Stark?”
“Captain Rogers to see you, boss,” FRIDAY says, as Tony throws aside the towel and heads to the door, swinging it open.
From the corner of his eye, he sees Natasha wince at the sharpness in his voice. Tony’s eyes spark with anger but Steve just stalks away, his heart suddenly beating too fast.
There was no place to escape in a room this small and despite chaffing at each other for most of the evening, they were able to settle into a tense silence. They changed clothes, and Tony plopped down on one of the overstuffed chairs by the fire place, watching as Steve stacked a few logs in the hearth and lit a match.
“You want to sit next to the French attorney general all night? Be my guest.” It was a petty move, changing the place cards around, as if that even had any real meaning. These types of dinners were for mingling and shaking even more hands, but the thought of Steve across the room and away from him all evening agitated him. He was being irrationally possessive, but Tony found he didn’t much care.
“Like, an hour?” Peter glanced at the bedside clock. “Maybe 90 minutes?” He and Sam exchanged a look.
They’re both breathless and quiet in the aftermath, Tony watching the rise and fall of Steve’s chest in the mirror as he continues to gently stroke him through the aftershocks.
“I’m sorry,” he whispered again. Steve’s eyes softened just enough and Tony leaned in and kissed him, this time in apology. His mouth was soft and pliant, and he opened easily as Tony’s tongue pushed between his lips, licking at the inside of his mouth. He moaned again, a sound Tony knew he’d never get tired of hearing.
There’s never live ammo, but Steve also never takes it easy on them, adding enough danger into the mix that no one takes these simulations lightly. Still, even with the high bar Steve sets, Peter fights on another level, flinging himself from one skirmish to the next, webbing up bad guys and punching down drones, all without a break. It would be impressive, if it weren’t also so damn reckless. He swings through laser fire, crashes through walls and almost gets crushed by a Hydra Leviathan. More than once, Tony’s tempted to hit the fail safe sequence and stop the entire thing in its tracks. He doesn’t though, he just grips the railing, heart in his throat, as Steve screams at Peter to scale back his attack.
Sam pulled out a little sheet of paper from his pocket and unfolded it. “Did y’all fight about the TV yet?” he asked, eyes skimming the page.
“What are we talking about here? Can someone fill me in?” Steve asks.
“Boss, it’s Peter.”
It’s after 2am when he pushes open the door to his quarters. He waits in the doorway, let’s his eyes adjust to the darkness before stepping inside. It looks like tornado hit the place. There are toys scattered across the floor, books thrown around at random, one of Peter’s shirts
“Tony….” Steve holds his gaze in the mirror, panicked but out of options, before giving him a barely perceptible nod.
“Why did it bother you so much?”  Steve asked, his voice still a little clipped.
Peter scoffs at that, jumps up from the sofa and paces to the other side of the room.
With the wet heat of Kara’s mouth all around him and Tony holding him in place, he felt trapped, almost panicky with the loss of control, everything too much and somehow not enough at the same time.
His heroics put him in the compound’s medical wing for days, in and out of a high fever state, his body reacting violently to the exposure, while Bruce tried frantically to mitigate the damage. They put him in a coma for three days, so his organs wouldn’t completely shut down. When he woke, Steve was at his bedside, eyes sunken in, his mouth that same, thin, pursed line.
He even selfishly wishes Bucky would remember the war itself, fighting side by side as equals, partners.  The times that Steve finally saved Bucky’s life, returning half a lifetime’s worth of favors.
“Don’t worry, I won’t hold it against you.” Darcy winks at him, and he is actually a little shocked she
A familiar cologne wafts toward him, silently announcing Tony’s presence, and Steve breathes it in along with the icy December air.
Bucky rears back and storms to the elevator.  The car isn’t waiting around this time and he swears under his breath, punching at the air.
“Yeah.  I guess we don’t.”  Tony mumbles, closing his eyes.  He tries to calm himself, running through what he remembers of the file he received on Bruce before this whole Avengers mess began.  “Betty…she was in your file.  College girlfriend or something like that.”
He knocks on Steve’s door around seven o’clock, having missed dinner again but sure Steve’s probably still in the building.
offered him a job opportunity. “And my crew,” Steve adds belatedly, trying to sell the encounter better.
“I figured the view of the park would appeal to your artistic sensibilities.”  He must look surprised, because Tony gives him another shrug, rubbing the back of his own neck as he continues.  “Dad used to say you were always doodling.”
“I did let Stark bring over your radio.”
“I have to, Pep.  I’ll do anything and try anything to get him back." Tony knows how it sounds, how
He tosses the two items onto the bed beside Steve and turns the note over a few times between two fingers, holding it up in question.
Steve can’t really believe the words coming out of Tony’s mouth right now.  He should’ve known better than to open himself up to this.  To
Steve’s lips look
. That’s worth a lot.”
He frantically tries plan B, accessing the city’s power grid and seeing if these jack-offs got the power knocked off through Con Ed’s main terminal or if they did something manual on site.   If it’s been blown to hell, there’s not much he can do about that from here.
that Steve and Bucky loved each other as more than friends. That had been before Steve became Tony’s lover and partner. Before he and Steve had started building a life together. Tony should be
“I knew he was gonna be a bad influence on you.”  Pepper’s smiling now though, and she reaches up to ruffle his wet hair. “Though you did just call me ma’am after I’ve
“Everything I touch I make better,” Tony promises.  “Well.  Almost everything.  Some things are perfect already.”  He snakes a hand up Steve’s arm, brushes fingers against his neck.
He kicks the stand and then twists around to tighten the bungee latching a plain black milk crate onto the back; it’d started to rattle somewhere over the Pulaski Bridge but he didn’t want to pull over just to double-check it.  After all, it wasn’t one of the crates he’d painstakingly hand-painted, since he’d sold the last one of those right off the back of his bike for thirty bucks to someone walking by on Lorimer only yesterday night.
“Yeah?”
the culprits, it’s not much to go on.
“Tony…” Steve pulls his shirt back down around his waist and looks around for his sweatpants. Tony picks them up from their crumpled pile on the tiled floor and hands them to Steve, who slips them on and lowers himself down off the counter. “You don’t really mean that.”
“Did you all miss me?”  Tony cackles.  This feels great.  It’s like riding a bike.  It’s actually easier than riding a bike, more natural.  It’s like breathing.  He’s finally breathing.
“I don’t think you’re capable of disappointing anyone, Rogers.”
as Black Widow, the crazy butt-kicking spy assassin.”  Tony points out.  “And also because I know she doesn’t
“Hester Prynne was the one being judged for her sex life, Tony, not the one doing the judging.”
What if Steve had come up here, as planned, to where no one else’s prying eyes or ears could find them? Just the two of them in this massive house. Tony could have taken Steve apart for hours, learned every single curve and line of his body with no threat of being discovered. The whole night, every minute of it, could have been theirs.
“Nothing to be sorry about, Pete. Nothing to be sorry about at all.” He sounds somewhat amused, but Peter can't believe that's not a front, that he's not offended.
Steve concedes the point, putting his hands up in surrender and standing from his bar stool.
is an underrated gem.”
“I know. I mean, I
Steve is standing in the roundabout drive, hands in his pockets. The security lights have flickered on, casting a broad circle around him, but he’s turned away toward the shadows.
She’s quiet for a long moment, the chirping of crickets soothingly filling the silence.
“Pressure’s good.”  Steve’s too close and it takes Tony a second to realize what he even means.  “Water stayed hot too.”
“Steve.” Bucky’s head snaps up and he gives him that look that’s nearly as old as their friendship, the one that says
“And besides, I suppose it would be incredibly rude to lock him out considering he owns the place,” Steve allows.
“I mean…whatever that means. If it means talking it out and braiding each other’s hair until you are back to being best buds and put those romantic feelings to bed…then, good. If it means that you both need to act on some…old desires made new, and bed him instead, then, uh, also good. We’ll deal with whatever shakes out when I get back.”
“Never know until we try,” Steve says quietly, and Tony loves that Steve’s willing to consider it, though he really shouldn’t be surprised.  If Steve weren’t miraculously flexible and adaptable, game to try new things, his life would’ve gone completely sideways by now.
“We should…” Steve doesn’t finish his thought, distracted by Tony stroking him firmly.
“We all have something at stake here,” Bruce says quietly, the warning implicit.  Tony knows it’s unfair but he can’t believe Bruce is putting some woman none of the other Avengers even know ahead of
“Stevie.”  Tony repeats to himself, chuckling a little.  He can’t even imagine calling Steve that as anything but a tease.  Bucky says it naturally and with genuine affection.
“When are you going to let me see the improvements you’ve made to your own little project?” Rhodey asks, pointing to the hangar across the way. Its doors are firmly locked and they’ve been that way for quite some time. Tony follows Rhodey’s gesture but just as quickly looks away. His lips pull into a tight line.
“You say something, Buck?” Steve blinks his eyes open. He’s so pale and delicate like this, he’s almost
He doesn’t wait to see if Steve is actually following him; he winds his way through the house and up the back staircase to the screening room.
“Right.”  None of this seems to make Tony less troubled.  He pauses.  “I heard you got pretty banged up though.  Burned the skin right off your hands by playing the hero.”
“All right.  At least I should get you some water.  Is there any available in here or do I need to go out to Refreshments?”  Steve starts to get up but Tony waves him back down.
get my fist in his face.” Bucky went through this trouble for Steve, not for anyone else.
“Man, seems not that long ago we were in this neck of the woods to send Hannibal Lecter back home to Asgard without his dinner.”  Steve is able to surmise that he means Loki so he doesn’t ask for further explanation.  Probably just another pop culture reference for him to maybe someday understand.
“You didn’t call him? Why in the world would you
Steve shrugs again.
Steve pulls him down as much as Tony pushes in, surging toward one another fast and roughly enough to make the couch creak.
Out of habit, Steve shoves the loving
, making it sound like he’s some object being passed back and forth, but he doesn't have a better way to describe how this would work so he lets it lie. “You’d want that?”
Sure enough, she places a steaming cup in his hands. He breathes it in, sighing at the heavenly aroma.
Bucky pulls back and tugs his shirt off himself, clumsily getting caught in the tangle of sleeves. They both laugh as he finally frees his arms, and Bucky kisses him again even as they grin against each other’s mouths. Bucky doesn’t lower his body back down all the way though, holding himself above Steve, palms flat against the couch cushion on either side of his shoulders.
“Stark, if you think I’m not aware of the gravity of the situation-“
The question comes in a voice Tony doesn’t recognize, meaning it can only be one person.
The ride back is tense and silent.  Whenever Steve glances at Tony, the other man’s gaze is firmly directed out the window.  Steve doesn’t know what to say; Tony’s clearly upset but Steve doesn’t know how to fix it.
“Aw, Nat, laugh a little.  Don’t rain on my parade,” Tony crows.
They share a bed, they share a home, and they share a life.
“Oh, Tony,” Steve half-sighs, half-cries, surprised by how fast things are going.  One of Steve’s hands settles softly in his hair, and when Tony chances at look upward, Steve’s got his other hand against his own forehead as if he might swoon, color high on his cheeks and his kiss-swollen lips parted as he pants out short, shaky breaths.  Steve closes his eyes tightly, opens them and then closes them again, apparently unable to decide how best to cope with the sensations overwhelming him.  Tony could lie and say that this wasn’t his intention, but he doesn’t see the point.  He kind of wants to blow Steve’s mind before Steve has time to think better of it.
“As much as I’m sure Sam would appreciate an upgrade, I was under the impression that your Iron Man tech was exclusive to you and Colonel Rhodes.”
“At least run it by him.  We can do more good together, he’ll probably agree.”
“Well, I don’t think this was a mistake and I’m not freaking out.”  Steve replies, then looks down toward the ground, considering.  “And I could escape from here without breaking a sweat." He looks back to Tony. "What else you got for me?”
“It’s not that I don’t think you can take it,” Steve responds quickly.  “I know you can.  And I’m sure if it came down to the wire, you’re far more skilled than I am.  But-“
“Captain Rogers, are you experiencing any adverse side effects from your capture?” Marie keeps her voice cool, professional.
“What if I don’t think this was a mistake?” Steve said. His eyes were warm and hopeful, and the expression in his face crushed Tony even more. Steve reached out for his hand but Tony shook him off and fled to the bathroom, shutting the door firmly behind him. He turned on the shower and stood under the spray for a long time, coming out only after he was certain Steve had left the room.
He cuddles Peter close to him, gives him an extra long hug before letting him go, but Peter doesn’t move. He stays in sprawled with his head resting against Tony’s chest, thumb brushing his collar. They spend a little longer in bed, acting out the Battle for New York, before Tony finally throws back the covers.
Steve cuts them off before they start arguing again. “Dr. Banner, Dr. Van Dyne, how much time do you think we can stall for?” Gone is the guy who helped dry while Tony washed, the mission leader taking his place.
“I’m sorry,” he said, before Steve could say anything. “Can I come in?”
Steve smiles, the light in his eyes changing a bit.
“Was that too rough?” he asked, staring at his feet, not meeting Tony’s eye.
“There were a lot of voices.” His voice cracks, the strain of trying to remember already taking its toll.
Had Steve been conscious when they arrived back at the compound, Tony might have laid into him, but he was deathly pale, they both were, from being trapped under water for so long. They’d been sent to help with a hostage situation on a military station outside Manila. During the rescue, a crane had exploded, half a ton of metal trapping Steve and Peter at the bottom of the South China Sea.
“That’s good, Steve,” Tony whispers, curling his fingers back into the hair at the nape of Steve’s neck. The touch grounds him, keeps him in place. “You’re being so good for me.”
He sleeps like shit, waves of arousal and anxiety mixing in his head all night, invading his dreams. Maybe he’d pushed too far, maybe he made Steve do something he didn’t want to do, maybe he put his hands where they had no business being. The thoughts drive him out of bed earlier than usual, and he’s joins their weekly staff meeting with Secretary Ross in a foul mood.
“How long has he been here?”
“Did I interrupt something?” Tony says dumbly. “Want me to come back?”
“It’s a chemical reaction you can’t control, Steve.”
“Don’t worry about me,” Steve says, brushing at her cheek. She laughs it off, but keeps an arm tucked around his waist.
“What’s the damage?” Tony asks.
They’re crude stick drawings, but each piece of paper features a little scene over the past few days. He hands one to Nat, one to Scott, one to Bruce and Hope and Steve.
“Ummhmmm,” he says, running his hand through Peter’s curls.
“I was in the lab, with the DND protocol on.” Tony says, the guilt already wiggling inside his brain. “His, you know, spidey sense must have gone off.” He pulls out a glass and fills it to the brim with juice, but Steve takes it from his hand before he can give it to Peter.
“We weren’t able to clean up the video, but I was able to pull the energy signatures from around the hanger,” Bruce starts. He throws up video from his tablet and slows down the footage of Peter entering the room.
“Oh no no.” He whirled around to face Tony, stopping in the middle of the busy sidewalk. Little bits of snow had already started to cling to his hair and coat.  “You were not arguing for autonomy. You were grandstanding. The Latvian Ambassador made an official request for our help, and instead of declining, you hacked into their military servers and told them to go fuck themselves."
“I’m sorry,” Tony says, though he doesn’t really know what he’s apologizing for. Maybe for not following Steve’s orders or maybe that two people have the misfortune of loving him this much. He presses Steve’s hand to his lips, thinks about Steve taking his uniform, soaked with Tony’s blood, down to the incinerator.  How, after carrying him through the woods, Steve’s hands and skin would’ve been slick and tacky enough to make him sick.
“What are you doing, Tony?” Sam looked weary and annoyed, and Tony wondered just how much Steve had told him.
“I’m sorry,” Tony says into his hair, holding him close. “I’m sorry I made you do it, but I had to.” Steve nods against his shoulder and Tony curls them on their side, letting Steve fall apart in his arms.
“I thought maybe it was. You seem a little nervous, but it’s all right.”  Moving closer to Steve, Kara gently placed one hand on his chest, let her bare leg brush his thigh. “We can do anything you want to do, or nothing at all,” she said. “And I’m in no hurry.”  She looked at Steve with clear eyes that held a sense of playfulness. It was her job to read people, and so far she’d read Steve exactly right.
“Jesus,” Steve gasped at the feel of cool air. He stared as Kara pulled his briefs down further, exposing him fully.  She caught his eye and gave him a wicked little smile before she licked at the head, swirled her tongue and took him into her mouth.
“This is your room, Tony.”
In the end, he only beat the team back to the compound by a few hours. He was jet lagged and dazed, staring vacantly into the fridge when Natasha called his name. She leaned against the kitchen counter and fixed him with a stare.
“As expected. Some dangerous tech in some careless hands.”
Tony spreads his legs slightly, stroking himself a few times before pulling out completely. Without breaking eye contact, Steve opens his mouth slightly, just a bit, for Tony to place the tip of his erection there.  They’ve been through too much this evening and Steve knows Tony won’t push him farther than he can go, but he peaks out his tongue anyway, licking the head of Tony’s cock, tasting precome. He groans at the taste, different from Kara, and opens his mouth a little wider, softly sucking at the head.
Tony nodded, tugged at Steve’s shoulder. Steve crawled his way up Tony’s body, aligning their mouths while Tony wrapped his legs high around Steve’s waist, baring himself open. Steve opened him up quickly and thoroughly and pushed inside him fully in one slick thrust.  Steve shut his eyes from the pleasure, while Tony cried out, and urged Steve to fuck him harder. They lost themselves in an urgent snapping of hips, Steve’s hands gripping at Tony’s waist, both of them moved by something fierce and desperate they’d both been holding back. Neither of them lasted long, coming in endless, hot spurts one right after the other. Steve had collapsed forward onto him, his head pillowing against Tony’s chest, arms wrapped tightly around his back.  In his post-orgasm haze, Tony placed small kisses along the side of Steve’s face, trailed his fingers down Steve’s bare back.
By the time Steve slipped into bed, Tony had no semblance of will power or self control left. As Steve curled onto his side, Tony slid an arm across his waist, and pulled him close till they were flush against each other. Steve stiffened briefly under his touch, before relaxing against him. There was no cover of sleep to hide under this time.  He grasped Tony’s hand and pulled it tighter around his chest.
Steve groaned his name again, rutting faster against his thigh, as Tony’s fingers began to skim along the waistband of his pants. “When the ambassador from Latvia touched you,” Steve started to say something but Tony cut him off by cupping him through his underwear.  His briefs were damp with precome and Tony cursed at the heat of it in his hand, losing his train of thought before finding it again. “When she touched you, I lost it. I got jealous. Why should she get to touch something when I couldn’t.”
An hour later, they’re gathered in the back conference room, the one Tony had specifically built for maximum privacy. The walls are soundproof, there are no sight lines to it, and no windows. Like a good solider, Steve hadn’t objected at all to Fury’s request, merely nodded his head and obeyed orders.
“Captain Rogers?”
Slipping one hand between Kara’s legs again, Tony rubs lightly at her pussy, flicking her clit in time with Steve’s thrusts. She clamps down hard on Steve’s cock and comes again, making him cry out.
“I’m not telling half the world what happened out there before Steve has a chance to process it himself,” Tony says and Natasha squeezes his hand. “Good,” she says, walking away just as Steve takes his usual seat next to him.
He stepped around her and made for the exit, but Nat grabbed his arm. “If you want something, you should do something about it. Don’t keep him waiting forever. It’s not fair.”
Two days ago, in the bathroom when Tony had first touched him, he had made a mistake. He sees that now. He kept space between their bodies, thought that after everything Steve had been through, he wouldn’t want to be touched at all. He doesn’t make the same mistake now and wraps his arms around Steve, tangling his fingers into hair as Steve hides his face against the stiff silk of Tony’s dress shirt. Light tremors run through his body and Tony digs his fingers into the stiff muscle around Steve’s back, trying to hold him together.
“You want to stop you just say, no ok?” Tony says and Steve nods, his face betraying a flicker of uncertainty. “Give me your hand,” he says and Steve almost protests, squeezes his eye shut in panic. “I’m right here,” Tony says again, his fingers still soothing. He fumbles for Steve’s hand, and intertwines their fingers, wrapping them both around Steve’s cock in a lose grip.
He held him there, kissing Steve till he felt like he was suffocating, desperate for air, both of them playing a game of chicken to see who could last the longest. Steve caved first, ripping his mouth away and gasping.  There was something rising in his chest, pushing against his sternum, a physical reaction he couldn’t really place. Steve was used to managing fear and sadness and anger, but this was love, affection, desire and it left him lost. He wanted Tony to kiss him like that again, for always. As they stared at each other, both breathless, Kara moved down his body, pushing his shirt open wider, her warm mouth lapping at the nipple Tony had been working previously.  He arched his back as she began to flick her tongue. Again, Tony’s hand against the side of his face kept him in place.
“So I buried him. That Steve from before. He was gone. And I…I told myself I didn’t feel the same way about Steve after he changed. I let him go, Stark.” Bucky moves away from the railing, toward the windows, toward Steve. “But now he’s here. He’s right here.
Steve waits a moment; nothing comes.
is just beginning on channel seventy-eight, sir.”
“We considered having her off you instead, so this is less cynical than it could have been.”
The street is busy with cars, the sidewalk crowded with people.
Steve sighs as Tony reaches the top of the stairs, now close enough to touch if he dared. Steve smells a little like booze and garlic, but underneath it’s mostly like him, like citrus and cedarwood.
Fury wordlessly slides his G&T in front of him and hands Sam a whiskey on the rocks, his usual order when he’s not on the clock. Generally, most clubs in L.A. won’t serve even their own Black wait staff or entertainers, but on quiet nights like tonight Nick does what he wants. It is his place, after all, even if Pierce gets the credit.
“Mark IX.  The uh…well, while you were…uh,
“I kind of can’t believe this.  I can’t lie.”
He tries to move Steve toward the stairs, grabbing hold of his hips again and edging him to turn, but he only succeeds in jostling Steve backward.  He knocks against his easel and then his worktable, his painting tumbling to the floor and his paintbrushes rattling.  Tony fumbles for a second, instinctively wanting to save Steve’s work, but Steve yanks him back.
, and he needs to go.
“Never met anyone so brilliant yet such a fool. Oh, the scrapes he would get into.” Jan shakes her head, remembering. "Him and Ty, what a pair.”
“Definite rain check.  You don’t know it yet, but I already beat you.”  Jane grins at him playfully, biting at one corner of her mouth.  She reaches across the table and in mock challenge pokes his bicep with a finger.  Steve holds back a chuckle and manages to play affronted.  Her poke turns into a more defined grab and she makes an impressed noise.  “Well, Darcy wasn’t wrong about that.”
, Steve.”
“Of course he did.”  They’re in a dim room now that feels like little more than a metal box.
“I know where it is.”  At least he assumes he does, unless the Starks moved the familial home to another place on Fifth since the forties.  He used to pass by it on his way to the Met and he wondered at the size of it, both amazed and appalled at the thought of one single man occupying the city block sized house while he shared a single room at the orphanage with fifteen other boys.  When he and Bucky finally got their own apartment, moving out of the boarding house to a place on Plymouth Street so small they had to share a bed and take baths in the kitchen, they’d still thought they were living like kings.
“Look, Stark.  I truly appreciate your interest in the situation.   It can’t be easy listening to me complain.”
the one in awe, one hand nearly inside him and the other gentle but firm on the inside of his knee.
“Far as we can tell, yes.” Natasha confirms.
“You don’t have to leave – “
“No.  I mean
“You can call him Happy, Pepper, I know you two are dating.” He kicks back, propping his feet up on his desk as he shoots Pepper a knowing wink.  “Courting. Going steady. Whatever you kids call it these days.”
“Shows what you know, I was actually thinking that the tower is all of ours now, not just mine.”  Tony sticks his tongue out at the pair of them, pleased with catching them both out in their rush to judgment.  Natasha is mildly surprised by his admission.
The double-entendres are loaded, and Steve wonders if Tony fully understands that there’s a serious undertone to all these joking words about futures.
Tony peeks upward, instinctively concerned at the noise. Steve’s head has dropped forward, chin almost to his chest. His hair falls into his eyes, which look nearly black in the dark room. His perfect teeth are worrying his full bottom lip and his chest is rising and falling with his rapid breath.
“He was working on a Saturday night?”
“Anyone who works on the serum isn’t ‘just a scientist’, Banner.  You pick up that buck, you’re not going to be passing it on.”
This time Bucky doesn’t trust himself to crack wise. Part of him is thrilled by Tony’s admission, glad to know that Tony once hurt the same as he’s hurting now, but the other part, the better part, recognizes that feeling as childish and cruel.
“That was a real shit thing to do.”
be angry. He shouldn't be thinking about how Tony would feel pressed up against him, or how he would taste.
“Still do.  And now I got more to fight for than ever.”
“Barton,
Tony Stark does not leave Steve Rogers.
Tony hates it when people press him when he doesn’t want to talk, but he so often finds himself crossing the line in the other direction that he doesn’t think before pushing the matter.
“If Bucky had come to you before the war and told you he loved you, that he wanted to be with you—what would you have done?”
It’s not wrong for Steve to expect an answer.  It should be an easy question.
Tony picks up the paper from the island counter and surveys it with a critical eye.
“Not that I don't enjoy your glittering company, Tony, but what brings you here? As you've already been so kind to point out, you're hardly in need of new costumes for the film,” Jan asks, drippingly sweet.
They go straight back to work as soon as they reach the tower.  Pepper is waiting for them in the lab.  She already has a new file from SHIELD up on the holo.
“Cap, someone is yanking our chain.  Human traffickers? There ain’t nobody here but you and me and you know it.”  The Captain lets out an exasperated sigh as Iron Man abandons his assigned position and joins him on the ground beside the shipping crate he’s been using for cover.  He lands gracefully for a man encased in a heavy, clunky suit of armor.
It’s like he pulled the plug; all the light drains from Tony’s face.
“I’m sorry, what?”
“There’s actually all kinds of predators in the hills at night. It can be dangerous.”
“God, Tony…you’re really fine with this?” Steve hears himself asking before he’s aware he’s thought it. Tony looks up at him, blinking once or twice before slowly pulling off. He smiles softly, a hand pressed comfortingly to Steve’s thigh. The sweet, innocent gesture is undermined by the way Tony’s lips and chin are already shiny with saliva and how his erection is tenting the front of his dress pants. “We’re really okay?”
He helps Steve to his feet, hand on his hip to steady him, and uses Steve’s cast aside undershirt to wipe between Steve’s legs and down the insides of his thighs. Then he folds down the sheets and tucks Steve into bed, carefully draping the sheets and then his comforter up over Steve’s shoulders. Tony knows Steve would usually stubbornly resist such delicate treatment, but he goes easily, sinking into the mattress and pillows with a contented sigh. Steve may have been a little buzzed from the booze before, but this is different; he’s loose and languorous now in a way Tony’s never seen him. Something tells him Steve won’t be waking from any war nightmares tonight, and he wants nothing more than to crawl into bed beside him and wrap himself in Steve’s comfort.
“Sweep the building for any survivors.  We’ll regroup on the helicarrier-“
Tony what he’d done seems to make it more real than actually doing it.
“Definitely.”  Tony agrees, reaching out and chucking Steve on the chin.  Steve laughs a little, pushing his hand away.
“Hey.  You’re here.”  Steve smiles and his face protests the movement.  It’s painful but that doesn’t mean he stops.
“You want some help with this?  I am a technological wizard, after all, I could get you up and running in no time flat.”
Bruce, he understands.  They’re simpatico.  He gets where the dude’s coming from.
.  “Your accent.  You get all John Turturro.”
rehearsals even begin." Tony assures Steve, as he knows Steve felt terrible about what had happened.  Personally, he’d found it hilarious.  And educational, as he never knew Asgardian theatricals usually included audience participation.  "No one seemed too broken up about it.  I think a member of the stage crew actually asked Thor if he'd be able to provide directed thunder and lightning for a staging of
“Steve will be out in a minute.  You want a drink?”   He’s in the kitchen before Tony can respond.  Tony follows him over, taking a seat at the counter.  As Bucky digs in the freezer for ice, Tony surveys the few things stuck to the fridge door.  A couple of napkin sketches drawn by Steve, probably saved by Bucky.  A magnetic clip holding a stack of grocery coupons –
He takes a deep breath, winter sharp in his nose, and focuses back out onto the city skyline. It’s snowing, lightly. He wraps his hands around the railing, freezing cold underneath his right palm. He feels nothing but the weight of solid metal underneath his left.
“Not much time for Google.”  Steve sets his untouched glass of milk on the end table and crosses his arms over his chest.  “Thus far I’ve helped defend the earth from a loony demigod and his army, and then went for shawarma.  That’s really about it.”
“I'd say it’s good to see you, Rogers, but I don’t count myself a liar.”
“You with me?”  Steve asks, and there it is, Captain voice directed at him.  It’s already helping.  “Take deep breaths, try to match mine.”  Steve inhales and exhales exaggeratedly, one hand firm on Tony’s shoulder and the other flat and steady against his abdomen.  “Try to control it, push my hand out from your body when you inhale.”
“Your turn?”  He asks with a devious glint.
“True enough.  But that step between suiting up and not suiting up is one pretty big step.”
“Want you more than I’ve ever wanted anyone.”  That’s not a lie, and honestly too much the truth, but he’s having a hard time reining that back in now that he’s started.  Maybe it’s because every time he lets a comment like that loose, Steve rewards his vulnerability.  He’s always been easily swayed by positive reinforcement.
Bucky scowls at her retreating back and swipes at the remains of the coffee on the counter. He turns to go to the sink to wring out the towel, and jostles the mug that Natasha left behind. He sends it spinning to the floor.
know was that Stark Industries stopped producing armaments. When did that happen?”
“I think he did.” Darcy agrees. She continues over Bucky’s blustering protest. “And if
“Yeah.  You know, after yesterday.  When things went
“I'm sorry, Tony. Really. I was just worried about you and I needed to talk to someone.”
Tony knows what she must see – the same wrinkled clothes, the unshaven face, the bloodshot eyes.  He’s a disaster, and her concern is written plainly all over her face.
Home, it is then. Bucky and Natasha will appreciate a hot meal, he’ll cook for them instead. The thought of a typical night at home is a let down when he’d been expecting to be with Tony, but dinner with friends…that’ll be fine.
“Doing here?” Tony gestures around them both, hands and sketchbook waving back and forth.  “Well, I heard a rumor this is where you were hangin’ out.”
Tony shrugs off his touch, turns to the holo and opens up the video of the first interrogation of Natasha after Barton brought her in.
Peter turns this all over in his mind, wondering if all the turmoil between the Avengers during the past two years had really been the result of a lovers’ quarrel. He can’t believe that Tony and Steve would risk that, let that all happen, just because they broke up.
“I don’t think he’s up to standing,” Bucky interjects, his head filling with visions of Steve getting dizzy, knocking himself unconscious and bloody as he falls, head smacking against unforgiving porcelain and brass. It’s not something he has to pull from his imagination – happened winter of ’37, the year after his ma passed. Steve almost didn’t make it back from that one.
.”  He draws his chair back, perhaps a bit closer than it was originally.  Steve rolls his eyes again but his mouth twitches like he’s fighting a smile.  “Seriously though, where are the Three Musketeers?”
sleep on the couch.”
Steve gives him a half-assed shrug.
“Tony, I really think-“
“That’s right, you like your Cusack.  For someone who likes very little, Nat, your penchant for certain celebrities bewilders me.”
“I can’t abandon the team, Pepper.  I’ve already let them down enough by giving up Iron Man in the first place.”
He cocks his weapon and aims.  Fires.
“Huh.  I didn’t get any messages.” Tony shrugs, hitting a few buttons and sending a text to himself.  It dings on arrival and he holds up his phone as evidence of pressing matters.  “Hey look, I gotta go.  Catch you cats later.”
“Top drawer, center. Next to the pens.” Pepper informs him as she saunters toward the desk. Tony pauses in his search to watch her move; she’s still breathtakingly beautiful, after all, even if the way her lips pull into a tight, unflattering line gets more severe as the day goes on.
“Including the romantic ones?” It’s a shot in the dark, something he’s been wondering about for awhile, and he figures now is as good a time as any to find out for sure.
- picks up.
He straightens up as quickly as he can, tossing Bucky’s dirty clothes and random stacks of half-finished scripts into his bedroom and putting away the dishes from the drying rack by the kitchen sink.
He and Tony are the only ones who’ve left the party.
“Nothing.” Tony shrugs.  It’s a bit mean to deliberately keep the guy unsettled, but he can’t stand side-by-side on solid ground with Steve.  In every situation with every person, someone always has the upper hand, so it best be him.  His sense of self-preservation is innate and overwhelmingly strong.
“Did I tell you I’m going to name my band after you?  I’m hopping on the no vowel bandwagon - NTSH!” Bucky shouts as he follows her toward the stairs, her only response being to extend her arm back and flick him the middle finger without looking.
Tony pauses for a moment, watching his girlfriend work.  Running his company, saving his life.
“Well, I don’t think this will be as tasty as hers, ‘cause I ain’t no kinda cook, but it should do the trick. We’ll have you feeling top notch again in no time, pal.”
Except Steve’s been a little off since Thursday night – it’s not anything that Tony thinks anyone would notice except for him.  It’s like he’s 90% here, and a tiny sliver of his thoughts are elsewhere.
There’s nothing but trees straight out for miles, the mountains raising faint purple-blue and beautiful in the distance.  It’s lush and green and the air is crisp.  There’s a small pool straight out from the door, its surface flat and still and extending edge to edge, like the water is falling over its horizon.  Steve walks to the end of the stone patio, toes of his boots nearly touching water, and looks down.  The pool is shallow enough to see straight to the bottom.
“She sees just fine.  In fact, she sees everything more clearly than we do.  That’s why she left.”
Steve laughs despite himself.
look at Pepper.
“Natasha’s with Steve?”
Tony’s mouth twinges and he adjusts his thick grey cable knit cardigan over his shoulders, pulling it tighter to his body.
“Talk about what?” Steve replies. His long, delicate fingers trace a line, up and down, over Tony’s forearm where it’s wrapped across his bony chest.
Steve laughs a little too, then wraps an arm around his waist and pulls Tony back, using his other hand to tilt Tony’s face back for a kiss.
“It’s raining,” Steve states, and Tony doesn’t know why. It sounds like the words actually mean something else.
“Don’t ever tell me how you found me.”  Steve replies.  He moves to pick up the bag containing their old clothes but Tony grabs it first.
the absolute best stunt plane in the business. The constant speed propeller alone had changed the whole game, and that had only been the first of Tony’s advancements.
“You like hockey?”
Tony’s hands are on his waist, slipping underneath his suit coat to grip his hips firmly. He’s so assured, like he already knows Steve’s body and what he desires; yet it’s still heady and new at the same time, a dangerous and exciting unknown. Tony presses him back against the open door and Steve lets himself be moved, lets Tony crowd against him.
“We’ll agree to disagree then,” Steve replies and Tony sags.
“You can tell this numnut that I already have a crew. I work with Luis, Dave, and Kurt.” He counts them off on his fingers. “Those are my guys, my bros, mi compadres. We’re a team - We’re the ’27 Yankees over here, and do you mess with the ’27 Yankees? No, you don’t.”
“Hold on, hold on…not yet.”
“What he wouldn’t be okay with is me talking about this with you. With
Natasha emerges from the kitchen, shooting Clint a casual glare.  Clint’s non-plussed but Steve notices Bucky carefully keep his eyes away from Darcy’s shapely form, following Natasha as she moves across the room.  She puts a large bowl of salad and a stack of plates, silverware and napkins on the table, moving things around to make everything fit on the small space.
“I’ll give you a call later this week.” Steve pats the top of the piano twice with his palm and then gives Sam a small wave goodnight.
Pepper doesn’t argue it further, mainly because it’d been a perfunctory exercise in the first place, a hopeless attempt to get him to calm down.  She knows better, but dealing with his restlessness and concern when the Avengers went to battle without him is something neither of them has been handling well.
He knows Bucky was right, but it doesn't make the past two weeks any easier.
Pepper leaves him be after that, lingering for a few more moments before heading out into the New York City night.
“Like to, but I -“
“Yes.”
“Shirley Temple is twenty-one now, sir.”
“Next time, Buck.  Gotta sit this one out.”  Steve grabs his keys and his jacket.  “Pepper, I’ll let you know soon as I get to Tony.  I’m sure he’s fine.”
“Yes, you are Chase, right?” Steve will feel terrible if he got that wrong. He really thought he’d committed all the crew members' names to memory.
“Maybe you could show me some of your old Brooklyn haunts.”
If you would like to avoid this content, I would recommend skipping from "When he stands back upright, Steve nearly jumps out of his skin to see another reflection in the mirror beside his." until the end of that scene.
“He won’t hurt me.”
“Steve Rogers.
Steve’s smile is gentle, a bit tired.  He doesn’t have to reply; Tony gets it.
did?” Tony assumes that’s what’s sitting, most likely untouched, inside the white Apple store bag on the viciously ugly pale yellow linoleum counter.  He eyes it suspiciously and lowers his voice, using his hand to shield his mouth from direct sight of the bag.  He’s not even sure if he’s kidding around in doing so.  “She is probably listening to us right now.  Just so you know.”
“I’m sorry, but who is this douchebag?”
“Was there something you needed?”
“The man’s a genius.”
“Last time I saw the ball drop in Times Square, it was 1941.  And now it’s 2014 and here I am, in New York again.” He looks back out over the city, still a little mystified over winding up here in this time.  Some days it really hits him how strange this all is, how awful and how wonderful.  Mostly wonderful.  He looks back down at Tony.  “Funny how things turn out.”
“We never did this,” Tony says, spearing some broccoli with a fork. “Even as a kid. Dad was always somewhere else, Mom tried her best. I usually ate with a nanny or by myself.”
“I did see you. You did great, kiddo, but t looks like you had a little help.” Steve’s grinning in the distance, again with that look that Tony can’t quite place.
“I’m asking if you’ve had sex yet,” she said.
“Hey,” He catches Steve’s hand before he can busy himself with more bedding. “Anything you want to talk about?” He hates this part of sex, but it’s the most important. In the throws of desire things can get out of hand, boundaries crossed. He needs Steve to be able to tell him if that’s the case.
Tony sighs, remembering that the kid is too young and too soft-hearted for his own good.  “Shit,” he mutters. “Where is he? Can I see him?”
“Cap, he’s losing a lot of blood.”
Tony has to bite the inside of his cheek to keep from smiling and sees Steve doing the same, but Sam barks out a laugh. “I mean, this is crazy and all but he’s so cute. Look at him. Look at those ears. I wanna pinch those little cheeks so hard.” He strokes the back of a finger against Peter’s chubby cheek, who doesn’t seem to mind. He just buries his face into Tony’s thigh and does his level best to give Steve the stink eye.
“Nah, buddy. I’m all yours,” Tony says, as Peter hugs him around the waist.
“You don’t have a fire place here,” Tony noticed, still a little out of breath.
When they’re done, Tony takes both their plates and rinses them in the sink.
As he gets stronger, he takes longer and longer walks around the compound, drifting from the common room to the lab to the training area.  Steve has a way of shadowing him most of the time, popping into whatever room Tony happens to be in. Rather than be annoyed, he lets it slide, appreciates the delicate nature of what he just survived and the fact that Steve’s steady hand always seems to be there when he needs it.
Steve turned to him, the sadness of lingering memory across his face. “You never really ask.”
Still, Steve was close to just making a run for it.
“More juice!”
“Tony,” Steve drew out his name, groaning, not caring anymore what he looked like. It was already too much. Testing his boundaries, Tony reached out a hand across the flat of Steve’s abdomen towards his groin, his fingers brushing pubic hair. He touched the base of Steve’s cock as Kara’s mouth continued to work. Gripping him firmly, Tony stroked him once, twice, three times until Steve cried out, come splashing in Kara’s mouth before she pulled off and let Tony stroke him through the rest of his orgasm, wave after wave of pleasure rolling through him.
“Not that I’m aware.”
“What the fuck,” Tony says, getting a few feet closer. The boy is dressed in a familiar red t-shirt that comes down to his knees. His hair is a mess of brown curls, ears a little too big for his head. Tony can’t believe it, not at all, but the features are far too similar to ignore.
Peter just giggles, blowing bubbles in his juice. He swings his legs off the island, hitting the cabinets with a light thud, looking up at Tony with big, trusting eyes. It’s the same look, Tony realizes with a pang, that 17-year-old Peter gives him all the time. Peter hasn’t cried, or asked for his parents or even asked for May. That last bit, Tony realizes, is something he can’t put off any longer. He pulls out his phone and makes the call.
“We have to work together, where else am I supposed to be?”
It empties him almost completely, leaving him shaky and unmoored, and he tips his forehead against Steve’s.
Steve lifted his mouth a fraction in a smirk. “That’s the point.”
They eat cereal. Tony makes some toast and pours some juice, and it’s the last quiet minute he has all day. People start streaming in before he’s finished his first cup of coffee. Bruce informs him he’s going check for energy signatures in the hanger, Hope and Scott want a blood sample to see if Peter’s cell are aging and when Sam comes by with Natasha, he throws Peter up into the air until Tony’s worried his breakfast is going to come vomiting out.
“Then why did you leave?” Steve’s voice was quiet but there was a slight tremble to it. Tony went to him and stroked the side of his face. He saw the lines of exhaustion around his eyes and mouth, the slight stoop of even his strong shoulders. Tony had spent the last four days teasing and flirting and touching and Steve had withstood it all of it. As hard as it had been for Tony, it had probably been doubly so for Steve.
“I think no fewer than 300 people saw me buying clothes at the store,” Steve says, reshelving books while they wait for the macaroni to cook. “And everyone had their cameras out. I think we’re in for a news cycle of “
, tucked discreetly into a corner of his bookshelf.
“I’m just efficient is all,” Tony mumbled. “I didn’t blow anything up. I just work faster than the CIA.”
Because of the serum, Steve’s body heals rapidly, any breaks or cuts or bruises disappearing almost overnight. His hands are still raw not from saving Tony, but because he goes down to the gym at night, and works the punching bag till they tear back open.
“It could have gone better, I’ll admit that much.”
“Pete, we gotta let the adults do some work. Wanna come with me?” Steve holds out his hand, which Peter reluctantly takes.
“There’s a lot of superficial bruising, cuts, lacerations, a few broken ribs, and what looks like a bruised kidney. His body chemistry is way off, though. It looks like he was held captive, tortured. Maybe worse.”
“What was that?” Tony asks, his voice is sharper than he intended.
It fades though when Steve walks in, dressed in crisp gray slacks and one of the soft blue sweaters he always seems to favor. Instead of avoiding Tony out of embarrassment, he scans the room, looking for him. They catch eyes and exchange a quick nod, and Tony’s about to go to him, tell him to take a few more days off, but Ross gets to him first.
“Tony, that you?”  The shower turns off and Tony shakes his head to himself.
The ground is coming up fast and he can’t believe this is how it’s going to end.  Pepper…
Steve looks at him like he’s the one who is young and doesn’t understand.
“Ok, it’s been a while but we don’t have much choice.  You’re hardly in a state to pilot a helicopter, Captain.”
?  He’s in love with Natasha?  That’s what’s been…” Tony slides down from the counter, his face twisting in puzzlement.  “Hold up.  Can we…yeah, lose this.” He reaches over and takes Steve’s mug from his hands, sets it aside.  “There we go.”
“Not from me,” Tony interrupts, seeing a chance to get things back into their accepted groove.  “I don’t say good things about anyone.  As policy.”
me for weeks – no,
Peter tries to keep his gaze locked on Tony but his body betrays him, his eyes darting toward the door through which Steve just left.
He sighs in frustration and sets his sketchpad aside.  The air is still heavy and damp with this morning’s earlier rain and the sky is flat gray.  It makes the sculpture seem darker both in color and tone, the Mad Hatter looking vaguely sinister and Alice forlorn.
*******
Bucky doesn’t know what to say to that, so he takes a page from Tony’s usual playbook, the one the man seems to have maturely set aside for this conversation, and re-directs attention away from the actual matter at hand.
look like you rolled out of bed after a weeklong bender. That’s the aesthetic.”
“Tony,” Pepper says warningly, in way she hasn’t had to in a very long time. Not since he started dating Steve, anyway.
“He means that Tony’s incapable of keeping his nose out of SHIELD’s business, even if he’s no longer Iron Man.” Natasha clarifies.  “I don’t see how he rates priority over my -
“Benefit? Or disadvantage?”
“Yes, you should have thought. I’ve been out all morning looking for you, you know that? I called all our friends, your crew – hell, I even called Pegs.”
He’s hard, himself, just from watching, but he never does anything about it.
The man stands up, fair cheeks pink from the sun, and a frown creasing his face.
He stops, because he doesn’t want to lie and he doesn’t know what the truth is.
He drops his hand to his lap as quickly as he tries to drop the thought. He tightens his fading smile and lifts his eyes back up to Tony’s.
“He was never with me.”
Bucky’s glance ticks toward the window where New York City stands proudly to welcome them.  His blue eyes spark with something akin to recognition but then the light dims, flickers out entirely.
Steve doesn’t bother looking, as Bucky’s comment serves well enough to clear up the mystery.
“His ego can’t merely be big, it has to be the only one in the room,” Pepper states dryly, but the affection underlying her words is unmistakable.   Tony knows she adores him, really.
“Not near the food!  Ugh!”  She slaps at him again, ducking away.  Bucky winks at Steve again and they rise at the same time, Bucky casually wrapping his good arm around Steve’s shoulders as they join the others.
Tony huffs impatiently, slumping back down.
“Tony.”  Pepper sounds exasperated, but she gets up from her seat and fits herself precariously on the edge of the couch, reaching out and running her hand through his hair.  “I understand if you don’t want to discuss it with me…but it might do you some good to at least acknowledge to
“Tony!” Jan exclaims, practically throwing herself down the staircase toward the man waiting below. Steve scrambles for her but she’s pitching out of his reach.
, he thinks sarcastically. He had absolutely no idea she was here.
And that 120 minutes both drags on forever and flies by too fast.
“I could make that shot too, is all I’m saying.  I don’t see why Fury needed to bring Barnes in with some secret plan when he’s got a perfectly good-“
Maybe if he’d been honest with Pepper from the start about Steve Rogers being an emotional hand grenade, she would’ve been able to pull him clear of the blast zone.  But he’d given her half-truths, a partial rendering of an incomplete picture.  This isn’t the kind of thing that can be extrapolated correctly, much less from corrupted data.
worshipped as Bucky’s strong hands intimately stroke his thighs and slip reverently over his stomach. When one of Bucky’s long fingers finally breach his body, Steve is rapt with desire, nearly dizzy with want.
“Never said you didn’t.”
“I have you, my friend.”
The next images are not so innocent.
-“ Sam eagerly chimes in.
“Do you want to talk about it?” Tony asks, careful to keep his tone even. He doesn’t want to seem too concerned and alarm Steve, or color what Steve thinks about the situation before he even has time to sort out his own feelings.
“Don’t mind it, really,” Natasha shrugs, causing both Steve and Tony to stop and stare at her.  “It’s rare to find a gentleman these days.”  She shuffles in close and gives Steve an open-palmed double tap to the cheek, more of a friendly pat than a strike.
“What?  Gone after the assholes?  Yeah.  You must’ve knocked your head harder than we thought if you would even consider that we wouldn't,” he snaps.  “I just thank god Betts got some goddamned gumption in the end and got you the fuck away from Lukin, that’s all I have to say.  If he or any of his goons ever try this bullshit again…” Tony doesn’t finish his thought.  Steve already looks perturbed, eyeing Tony like he’s worried about what he’s going to do next.  Tony coughs, unclenching his fist and laying his palm flat against the table.  “Anyway.”
He tugs down the waistband of his black sweats, fingers running along a rough line of stitches leading across his stomach from his hip toward his navel.
“Have fun last night?” Pepper asks loudly, knowing full well how much pain he’s in. Tony shoves the paper aside and reaches for the coffee he knows she has.
"I guess I deserved that." He admits, and somehow that makes Steve regret saying it. "That's why I'm here. Can we..." He looks over his shoulder toward the kitchen, getting a bead on where Bucky and Natasha went off to. “Can we talk?” Tony is already stepping inside, closing the door behind him.
was different.” Bruce looks at him cautiously, like he doesn’t know how much is safe for him to say, and Tony tries to nod in a way that says he understands. “I have some anger issues. Some…episodes. It can be dangerous and I didn’t want to put her through that.”
“Thank you, I appreciate that.” She preens a little, joking, but then frowns.  “But you’ve
“I’m not doing anything.”
“Of course you can. Just didn’t think you would be.”
, not even as the Cap – that he’d lifted from his father’s things.  He’d burned the come-splattered picture afterward.  He has tried to forget the wet dreams of his teenage years and the carefully constructed fantasies of his jerk-off sessions in college. His list of former bedmates includes only a few men, but if anyone had pointed out to him that they were all tall, blue-eyed blondes, he would’ve
“But I don’t want to make him choose. I don’t want to do that to him. I want him to be happy. I want him to have
Looking through it.
“Then we’re friends.  And I mean it.”  He reaches across the table and takes Steve’s glass of orange juice.  “This coffee really is wretched.”
“Dr. Ross.”  Tony provides flatly.  “Betty.  She’s Bruce’s special friend.”
Tony is standing there naked, so Steve tosses him his underwear when he comes across it on the floor. Tony catches the ball of fabric easily, then lets the boxers unfurl as he hangs them off one finger.
“Not the way I need you to.”  She disappears out the door, not looking back.
She’s still not his favorite person in the world, he has to admit that, but he does feel slightly bad for her misfortune.  The Winter Soldier may love her, but Bucky Barnes will choose Steve Rogers.  Anyone in their right mind would choose Steve Rogers, were he an option.  He’s sure she knows that just as well as he does.
, if only he would," Steve sighs but something in him relaxes slightly, like he's relieved to be finally telling Tony the whole truth. "I was happy as friends, but it was always there. At the edges. It would’ve taken almost nothing to tip me over into it. ”
“It’s okay, Bruce.  We ordered your usual for you, hope that’s okay.”  Steve breaks away from Tony’s gaze, turning to offer their friend a sympathetic smile.  Tony knows it’s rude, but he begrudges Bruce that smile.  He’d
“I did tell Miss Carter that I was perfectly fine to get there on my own, but apparently Mr. Stark insisted…” Steve easily could have walked the short distance from their apartment to the hotel, though he’s slightly glad he wouldn’t be showing up to the meeting in a sweat-stained suit. He’s already positive that he’s going to look underdressed and out of style when sitting beside Tony Stark. “I’ll make sure to tell him that I was impressed, though. You sure don’t see a car like this everyday.” Steve runs a hand along the chrome detailing on the inside of the bright red door.
The story is a simple one. German soldiers are terrorizing a beachside town in England, clearly conveying that without American intervention, German forces were sure to succeed in their invasion of our closest ally.
“Yeah…that’s classified,” Clint pipes up, digging into his own heaping portion of food, unbothered by the tense face-off between his best friend and Tony.  Steve realizes no one else is that concerned either, helping themselves to dinner and setting about the room picnic style, grabbing seats on the floor around the coffee table.  “She could tell you but then she’d have to kill you.”
“Creation and destruction.  That’s what Starks are good for.”  When he continues, he speaks quietly and intensely, getting so close that their bodies touch.  It makes Steve’s temperature rise.  Tony refuses to let Steve look away, following his gaze wherever it goes and getting in its way.
“Whoa, okay.  You guys are actually scaring me a little.
. If I wanted a kid, I’d hire Shirley Temple.”
“Ah, ah, ah…” Steve gasps with every short thrust, voice higher and more breathy than Tony’s ever heard. It sounds like desperation, but the good kind of desperation that means he’s begging for more of what he’s getting.
God, does Tony love it.
Tony idly traces patterns across Steve’s stomach, considering.
“You should talk to him tomorrow, Cap.”  Natasha murmurs drowsily, adjusting her head so it’s pillowed against his shoulder.  He doesn’t ask her who she means, or how she knew.  “He was really scared.”
“I’m aware.”
“Tony, I-“ Steve stops, looking distressed.
“Facial hair contests are totally stupid,” Tony mutters and Steve hides his smirk, ducking his head.  He has to admit it’s hilarious that Tony’s still secretly bitter that he lost the great mustache contest of ’08.  His facial hair, while immaculate, has always been far too calculated and modern for any contest that usually names a 70’s porn ‘stache as the winner.  Bruce had won that particular round and Steve had never been so glad as when he finally shaved that big, bushy handlebar
“Brother Stark!”  Thor booms, grinning.
Steve’s smile falls, and he averts his gaze, suddenly very interested in picking at a piece of lint on one of the blankets pulled up over his small body.
“ – oss is holding on the line for you.”
“Hey now.” Tony glares, shaking his head and wagging his finger.  “That’s the thanks I get for putting you up?”
They’re all lonely today, no children scampering around, climbing up on the mushrooms to peer more closely at Alice’s face.  There are no model boats on the nearby water and even most of the birds seem to have nestled away elsewhere.  The park is eerily quiet.
“Have I ever steered you wrong before, Dum Dum?” Steve points out, forcing a smile to lighten the mood.
The band strikes up a new tune, saxophone starting low and sultry, and Steve is walking back across the red and white tiled floor toward them.  He looks almost like he belongs in this decade, his charcoal grey sweater and fitted dark jeans making him look like a living, breathing GQ ad or the next hot new movie star.  Tony doesn’t miss how he turns a few heads as he moves through the crowd; Steve seems laughably unaware of anyone’s desiring glance.
“Tony…”
Considering he got to Europe just in time to personally pull Bucky from a POW camp, he’s thankful that his miserable excuse for a Hollywood career paved the way. But it doesn’t change the fact that he once marched around on stage firing dummy guns and throwing fake punches at Hitler impersonators, all while wearing tights. Nor does it stop Bucky from mocking him mercilessly for it.
She had the suit delivered less than an hour later, the outfit obviously long prepared, and Steve finally understood what Tony meant by calling Pepper scarily efficient.
“Who’s funding you? All this.” Tony gestures around Bruce’s cluttered workshop. Bruce looks at him, face crinkling in confusion. He picks his small screwdriver back up, worrying it in his hands.
“That sounded wise, y’know, it did, but it’s actually bullshit.”
There is silence in the screening room, as if no one is really sure he means what he says. He waves a hand onward.
Steve follows him inside but just barely, still standing like a statue, like the soldier he once was. The only concession he makes is removing his sunglasses and hooking them on the collar of his shirt.
“You need to move back into the tower.”
“I’m sorry?”
That Tony brought him here says a lot about how he feels, as whenever Tony’s uncertain or scared, he tends to shut people out, not shut people
“Approximately forty-five minutes ago, sir.  I greeted him and directed him toward the gymnasium.”
“You get my gist, you really want me to be anatomically correct in front of the good Captain here?”  He waves her off, and then gestures toward Steve.  “Now c’mon, re-commence the beat down.  This is getting boring fast.”
It shouldn’t matter, because he’d stopped giving the project his all after the last incident with Steve in his workshop.  Wiping out the Winter Soldier would only take Steve further away from him, would only be both selfless and self-defeating.  He’s never been one to shy away from self-harm and self-destruction, but it got to be too much hurt for even him to handle.  Seeing Bruce growing steadily happier in Betty’s company didn’t help much either.
“Y’know, I want to make fun of them, always, forever, but I think I’m also confident enough in my masculinity to say I’m just straight up jealous of their sex life,” Clint announces to the table, speaking as if the pair has already left.  “I’m telling you,
“You know Zola was in the midst of testing a new variant of the serum on Barnes when you first rescued him from HYDRA.  While not a success, we believe the lingering effects might have contributed to his survival.”
Captain America and his compatriots successfully battle the Germans back to the shore, where they scurry back to their boats and presumably retreat to mainland Europe. The adoring townsfolk praise Captain America for his efforts, and a sweet bonny lass innocently bats her eyelashes and kisses her hero chastely on the cheek in gratitude.
“Not the one you should be complimenting,” Tony stage whispers; Steve elbows him.  Phil stiffens a bit, his jaw tightening.  He looks like a stern schoolteacher silently praying for the patience to deal with an unruly child.  Steve’s sure that addressing Pepper’s appearance was already Phil’s next planned move; he hardly needed Tony’s prompting to be polite.
clear.”
“Did the arc reactor leave a scar?” He knows the question seems apropos of nothing, but Tony only hesitates a second before going with it.
“Où est-ce qu'il va?” Steve hears Dernier ask Gabe. Steve’s picked up enough French over the years to know what’s being said. The question is about him, but not directed at him, so he chooses not to answer it.
and that had been okay. For so long, it had been
“Last time, I didn’t have the Hulk as back up.” Tony points out, jabbing the up button on the elevator repeatedly.  “You think Fury will refuse me again if Banner’s glaring at him over my shoulder, turning green?”
restoration at Film Forum that night.” Tony says quietly, surreptitiously reaching to tug on the end of Steve’s scarf and get his full attention.  “Or, you know,
“Are we clear?”  Tony repeats.
Tony Stark’s picture is above the fold, his smile playful and knowing, and his tie loose around his neck, his collar popped. He looks debauched. Steve feels a twinge of attraction low in his gut, unbidden and unwanted.
“Sure you haven’t.” Sam’s clearly not buying it, and both Clint and Natasha smirk to themselves.  Bruce’s attention is too obviously focused on his work, refusing to take part in speculation.
“I thought I did, but that Tony disappeared into thin air. Now there’s just whatever…” He gestures up and down Tony’s body like he’s some kind of weird pod person, “
Fury clicks another button and a long list files in on screen.  Names, dates, and locations.  It fills his vision and then keeps on going.
“Steve’s a grown man, Tony, he can take care of himself.” Sam gave him a look that was half pity, half fury.  “He’s in love with you, Tony. And I know you love him.” Tony’s heart jumped into this throat, the quiet certainty in Sam’s voice nothing he could argue against. “What’s worse is that you know he loves you but you’re too chicken shit to do anything about it. Instead, you’re just leading him on and making him miserable.”
“Come for me,” he says instead, moving his hand faster. It’s somewhere between a command and a request, and he feels Steve go rigid under him, his dick jerking, as he spills hot, white reams all over Tony’s hand. “That’s it,” Tony whispers. “That’s it, come on, Steve, that’s so good.”
“Start with her breasts,” Tony said, suddenly behind him.
“Was it scary?”
“Flirting with me?” Steve’s eyes widened and he resumed his long, angry strides. “It’s called being polite. The motion was never going to pass. I was never going to allow it.”
“Like this?” Tony asks. It’s less bedroom talk and and more a request for feedback. Steve nods again, this time taking his hand and curling it briefly around Tony’s, guiding him to the exact rhythm he likes. It’s firmer and quicker than what Tony himself prefers, just shy of painful, but Steve groans at the change of pace, his head lolling onto one side. He’s close, Tony can tell, so he speeds up his strokes, going faster and firmer until Steve comes with a sharp cry that reverberates all through the bathroom.
“I know that. I tried to get rid of it this morning. I just...can’t.”
He kisses her cheek, and leads her to the table where Bruce, Hope and Steve are sitting. At his desk, Peter plays with a makeshift set of tools. She listens, growing paler by the minute, as Bruce and Hope explain what the tunnel will do.
“Just making myself useful,” Steve mutters. “You probably don’t want to sleep in these again.”
“My body chemistry, it’s still all fucked up. Bruce says it’ll take a few days for the chemicals to filter out. Whatever they used to sedate me, it’s reeking havoc on my body.”
“I knew that thing was a menace. Didn’t I say we needed it off the compound?” He points an accusing finger at Bruce, because he needs someone to blame right now.
“You got room 438, which means the last number left is 436, which means, I get my own room.” Sam practically danced around the lobby of the small Swiss hotel they were crammed into. It  had a chalet feel that was more Matterhorn and lederhosen than Tony cared for, but a scheduling snafu had them all stuck here.
is what he wanted to say but the words had lodged in his throat.
His vision is starting to blur, his hearing going in and out, but he does hear Steve call his name sharply. He tries to respond, but it comes out as a weak moan.  Overhead, the roar of what he can only hope is the Quinjet gets louder, drowns out some of Steve’s more dramatic cursing. He’s in incredible physical pain, but he feels an odd sense of calm that Peter and Steve are here with him.
Steve nodded. “Red Cross after the war started, but before that at Brooklyn General. She did a lot for a single mom. We never had money to do much, but sitting around the fire, listening to the radio, it was nice.”
“You have to be more careful,” Peter says quietly, into his chest. “I know it’s part of being an Avenger, but you can’t do that us. To me or to Steve.”
He was aware though, almost constantly, of the nearness of Steve’s body, as if whatever happened while they slept together never fully left him. He had woken up this morning with his limbs thrown over Steve in a way that was so proprietary, so territorial, it had embarrassed even him. He mumbled an apology as he slid his arm off of Steve’s waist, pulled his thigh back from where it was shoved between Steve’s legs. It was a small mercy that he’d slept mostly on his stomach and his morning erection was pressing into the mattress instead of along Steve’s back.
“How’d you sneak in here?” Tony asked. This was a formal, black-tie dinner. Tuxedos, sophisticated dresses, not one meant for interns.  Peter puffed up his chest a little and Tony had to bite back a smile. He looked adorable in his tux, though his bow-tie was a little askew.  “Natasha brought me as her plus one. Mr. Stark, this place is incredible. They have this like, giant chocolate fountain thing in the corner. It’s easily as tall as me.”
“Good work today, Pete” Tony says.  It comes out more like a gasp, Tony’s chest heaving with the effort of each breath. He notes, gratefully, that the kid looks OK. No major damage sustained.
He squeezes in on Tony’s other side, and rests a hand on his knee.
“So, what? You’re offering to hold my hand throughout the process?” Steve said.
He tells himself it’s only sex.
“Hi, May. It’s Tony Stark. Listen, I’m going to tell you something that you are absolutely not going to believe.”
They clean up quietly in the darkness, wiping away come and tucking in shirts until there’s hardly any evidence left of what happened. After the shades are up but before they leave, Steve thanks him with a soft touch to his wrist. Tony doesn’t say anything, just brushes the back of his hand across Steve’s cheek and opens the door.
“In my defense," Tony said, but Steve was already stalking away.
Tony cups the side of his face and sweeps his thumb across Steve’s bottom limp.
“Side by the door’s mine,” he mumbled as Steve yanked him up. He patted Steve on the shoulder and stepped into the washroom, shutting the door firmly behind him.
They split down the hall and Tony was left with the sinking realization that he and Steve would be sharing tight quarters for the next few days. His stomach flopped a little at the thought of lying next to him in bed. It was uneasiness, he told himself, not excitement, that made his pulse race a little.
or, just,
The offer sent an unexpected tingle up Steve’s spine and his stomach flared with a kind of heat he hadn’t experienced in years.
Tony slid into bed first, watched as Steve hovered over him for an uncertain moment, before stepping out of his pants and shirt. Clad only in his boxers, he turned back the covers and climbed under, curling his muscular frame around Tony.
For good measure, Tony moved the slips of paper around a few more times before holding his breath and finally pulling one out. As he unfolded it, Sam peered over his shoulder and did a little fistpump of victory.
Tony couches down, takes Peter by the shoulders and smooths back his hair. “You don’t have to worry. Nothing bad is going to happen to you, Peter. If you get lost I’ll come find you.”
“Yeah,” Steve says. “Any idea what’s wrong?”
Tony shakes his head as they rush down the corridor. Steve reaches the main door first, punching in the code as Tony rears up from behind.
“She will. She’s ruthless. Even to little kids.”
Secretary Ross’ voice catches him by surprise.  Far too well trained to flinch, Steve simply turns his head.
“Can I come in?” The door cracks an inch, Steve’s face peering through.
“Relax, she’ll be here,” Tony said. “You’re so wound up right now I don’t trust you not to just jump out the window and make a break for it.”
And still, even after all that, there’s the chance that things will go south. The problem is that when things go south, they go south very, very badly.
Peter isn’t waiting for them when the light dissipates. There’s a large empty space where he should be and Tony almost faints.
“I can’t,” Steve says before stoping to take another deep breath. When looks up at Tony again, his eyes are red rimmed, and he looks almost scared. “I can’t remember anything, not a single thing, Tony.” He clenches his jaw so hard, Tony see’s the muscle jump. “The last thing I remember is parachuting into the drop zone. After that, it was Bruce waking me up at the compound.”
Tony takes his free hand, and wraps it around Steve’s. It’s been almost two weeks and the knuckles of both his hands are still red and split.
There’s a brief pause, as Steve searches his memory.
He’s done something wrong, Tony knows that much, but he can’t suss it out if Peter won’t even look him in the eye.  “Can we talk?” Tony asks, placing a gentle on Peter’s shoulder. “Just for a second?”
“I know.” He looked down blankly at the efficient plate of crudiete Natasha had managed to assemble within minutes and felt a rush of fondness for her.  The best friends, of course, were the ones that called you on your shit but fed you while doing it.  He was the one who had run away from Steve and his regret was starting to catch up to him. He gave Natasha a quick squeeze and kissed the top of her head with affection. Then, he walked to his room, changed out of his suit and asked FRIDAY to pull one of the faster cars out of the garage. It was time to go to D.C.
“You ready?” Steve asked pushing his chair back. His face had transformed completely. Whatever softness Tony had seen the night before vanished without a trace. A little crease appeared between his brow and his mouth narrowed to thin, stern line. It was his public face, the one that screamed Captain America, not Steve Rogers.
“I’m fine,” Tony says. It comes out as a gurgle and the awful, metallic tang of blood fills his mouth.
“Kid, next time get your own delivery.”
“So, I know this isn’t technically fucking, but it’s pretty damn close. Maybe we should talk about this.”
“You here to nag me about sleeping?” Steve asks. He wipes his forehead with a towel, and begins to untape his hands. From the looks of it, Steve’s been down here a good long while.
“Tony, this is a bad idea,” Steve began, trying to get back up.
Tony lays a hand on his arm. There’s a soft little tremor running through him, his muscles tight as thick cords of rope. There’s not an ounce of ease inside him, and Tony realizes he’s been going about this all wrong, giving Steve what he thought he needed, when in fact it wasn’t what he needed at all.
“I don’t know a lot about kids,” Sam says, “But it sounds like he needs a nap.”
“I didn’t make you a drawing,” Peter says apologetically.
Steve purses his lips, but doesn’t push further. “Fine,” he says. He grabs his jacket, moving towards the door. “Don’t give him too much. That’s all sugar, he’ll bounce off the walls.”
Bruce shakes his head, not rising to Tony’s anger.
“You can tell me what you like, or,” she paused, already sensing Steve wasn’t going to be overly verbal. “I can tell you what I like. What makes me feel good. How I like to be touched.”
“Yes, sir.”
Steve nods. “You’re not the only one who has regrets, Tony.”
“Everything’s normal for a few seconds but look at this moment here.” He pauses the frame as Peter steps into the room. He magnifies it, resets the filters and strips out all the color. Already, there’s a large signature coming off of Scott’s van in the corner.
Sam’s jaw was twitching, just like Steve’s did. “By my count it’s at least 7. I don’t care if you’re sleeping with them or not, but what do you think it does to him, to see that?”
“It is the same thing. The goal of every mission is to come back safely, right? Look what happened. It’s only dumb luck that you’re not dead.”
Pepper looks at Steve with a frown and Steve does his best to look contrite.  She hands him a towel.
.” Tony crumples up the handkerchief and tosses it onto his desk, the trash too far away at the moment. Dejectedly, he looks down at his lap. The sight of his softening dick just lying there, and knowing he just impetuously jacked off like a fifteen year old kid who couldn’t help himself, makes him sigh with embarrassment.
Old-fashioned, virtuous Steve, standing here in his foyer with his pants around his ankles with one of Tony’s hands gently fondling him between his legs, another jerking his cock, and Tony’s tongue licking at his weeping slit.  It’s downright pornographic and Tony’s sure he’ll be going to hell for corrupting Captain America.
“My apologies, Miss Van Dyne. I didn’t see you.”
Tony is on the other.
To his surprise, all of the lights are blazing and the atmospheric orchestration of Sigur Rós echoes loudly through the small apartment.  There are a three empty bottles of Miller High Life on the kitchen counter that must’ve been drained by Bucky, as Steve is really into homemade microbrews right now.  Stalwart standbys from the Velvet Underground, David Bowie, Elliott Smith, Arcade Fire, Radiohead, Neko Case and the Decemberists have been pulled from Steve’s crates and are laying open and scattered on the floor around the turntable, the most recent Beach House left to attract dust on the deck.  The scene is surprising, as Steve’s usually more careful with his vinyl.
The memory is so vivid that he wakes with his heart beating wildly in his chest, Steve’s name echoing in the empty room.
“I can’t get sick.”
“I honestly thought it more likely that you had gotten in an accident or a fight or, god knows, been rushed to the hospital with some illness like you used to before, than that you’d been partying all night with some rich playboy.”
Tony shrugs.  Forever sounds good, but at this point it’s unwise to say.
“Don’t you think I would have known that you were in a meeting with Alfred Hitchcock
“Okay, look….both Steve and Bucky were hit with some kind of drug.  We think Zola may have tailored it specifically for those injected with the super soldier serum.”
“Nah, I’m bushed, I should hit the hay.”  He sets the folded newspaper down and runs a hand through his undoubtedly messy hair.  He’ll need a quick shower before sleep – he’s disgusting.  He feels like he’s been wearing the same black tee and pair of jeans for days.  Maybe he has.
“Eh, he actually hasn’t, but it’s only a matter of time.”  Tony hops up on the counter next to Steve’s pumpkin, swinging his legs back and forth, heels thumping the lower cabinets.  He has a bag of popcorn that he must have grabbed from the cupboard, and he pops three pieces into his mouth before grinning at Steve.  “I’ll wear you down, you know it’s pointless to resist.”
“We don’t necessarily have to talk business.”
“Yes, you do.” Jan replies knowingly, although Steve's not so sure what it is she thinks she knows. He decides it's better not to ask.
Steve shrugs and smirks, maybe wanting to keep something in his back pocket for a later time.  There are only so many ways to keep Tony Stark on his toes.
When he sees the familiar skyline shimmering like a mirage in the distance, emerging blue-grey and beautiful out of the rapidly clearing morning fog, Steve reaches over and puts his hand over Bucky’s.
you need to be there, I daresay you should give me a raise.”
I placed him on hold?”
“Yeah.”  Tony returns Steve’s wide grin for a moment but then gestures to the door again, this time pointing with his foot.  “Now get the damn door before I drop this thing.”
“Tony –”
“In all seriousness, Tones – just say you’re sorry.”
Tony’s frown changes then, losing its childish, stubborn quality and settling deep, his eyes going dark.  He doesn’t say anything in response.
Steve follows him quietly into the diner and Tony watches as he returns the tools to the man at the register.  Leave it to Steve to break down in genuine Small Town America where a stranger can just walk in and borrow anyone’s tools because he’s just that honest and they’re just that trusting.
“Oh, golly no.  Nothing as good as all that.  Barely made enough to pay my bills.  If Dr. Erskine hadn’t come along I probably would’ve had to find another line of work.”
“I don’t know where to go…” Steve says, sounding lost, and Tony wants to slap him.  Man with a plan, what the hell.  Dude can take on Red Skull and Loki and Chitauri and he’s cowed by the prospect of finding a suite with the Stark name slapped on the door?
“Where’s your lady love?” Sam asks, and before Steve can ask him what he means, he puts a folded copy of
“Except you kind of did.”
“I shall now go contact her using the Skype, for I think she would like to see what I have created as an act of devotion.”  Thor cradles his pumpkin rather carelessly under one arm, like he doesn’t understand how easily he could crush it, and wanders off toward the library to use the computer.
Tony follows Bucky’s gaze, and now they’re both staring.
“JARVIS – sweep the New York residence, get anyone you can on the line.”
He sits on the smooth, cold cement in the orange-yellow glow of the security lights and listens as thunder rolls faintly in the distance. It is starting to rain.
“Even less like you,” Cap adds softly, leaning in toward the tapestry hanging on the wall.  He speaks in an offhand way like it was just a passing, unimportant thought, but the delivery doesn’t keep it from landing heavy and meaningful between them.
…I mean, it’s not his fault that your father was -”
“Cool down, Cap.”  Tony pats his arm, haphazardly trying to pull him back down.  “Say hi to Pepper, I don’t think you two have ever actually met.”
Pepper smiles, and he’s sure it’s real this time.  She raises her glass, tips it toward him in a silent toast.  Steve copies the movement and clinks his rim against hers before taking a sip.  The champagne is dry and crisp and the bubbles tickle his nose.  It occurs to him that he’s never actually had champagne before; Tony would be amused and appalled if he knew.
Tony brandishes the bottle opener and expertly pries the caps from each bottle.  He flips the caps into the sink with the rest of the empties.
The plan of attack is his to develop.  The weaknesses in Captain America’s defenses are his to find.  Killing the enhanced soldier will not be easily done; it’s not a simple matter of a bullet finding the right place at the right time.  It’s going to take more than that, and this is something Pierce understands.
like a full floor art studio.”  Pepper replies coolly and a fresh wave of frustration comes over him.
“Stark Pictures, Mr. Stark’s office. Miss Potts speaking. How may I help you?” Pepper glances at him as the person on the other end of the line speaks. “Oh, yes, Phil, hello. How are you?”
“What was that?” Steve asks, glancing off toward the darkness beyond Tony’s property, where the lights from the pool and patio can’t reach.
“Having two separate relationships is one thing, all of us being in one relationship is another. They’re each challenging in their own way, but with Bucky and I…”
“You speak the truth.” Bucky claps him on the shoulder, and then wrinkles his nose, wiping his hand down the front of his suit coat. “You’re disgusting. Running to the stars again?”
“Huh.  Then I suppose it’s not pointless after all.”  He grins and ducks inside before drying off, dripping all over the plush carpet.  Pepper huffs.  He grants the pond a reprieve, popping back to glance over Pepper’s shoulder and waving toward it like its been forgiven. “All right, you can stay.”
He’s Bucky Barnes, and Bucky Barnes would never cause Steve Rogers pain.
“Yes.  We’re clear.”  Barnes replies, meeting Tony’s fiery stare with an icy glare of his own.
“That’s right, you can’t fuck a library book.” Pepper replies. Tony glares at her harshly, but it has little effect. “And Steve’s okay with this?”
was telling you how my life has been irrevocably altered over the past month in ways both soul-crushing and mind-bending.  And you, well, you were responding to my heartfelt tale by re-enacting a commercial for Ambien.”  Bruce opens his mouth to protest but Tony steamrolls over him, affecting a surprised but contemplative air as he continues.  “You know, I’ve never been accused of being
He doesn’t have time to revel in the sensation of Steve filling him up because just then the door to the apartment swings open and Bucky walks in.
Peter looks up as Steve enters Tony’s workshop, surprised to see him entering so casually, without even pausing to knock and without the usual announcement from FRIDAY that a guest has arrived.
Steve trails off, closing his eyes.
The question is a betrayal.  They’d had an unspoken agreement – no talk of Howard, no talk of Bucky, and everything would be a-ok with them.  Maybe Tony has been pushing that boundary little by little, but his small nudges gave Steve a chance to nudge him back, put him off.  Steve can’t nudge him back now; he’d have to shove, and shove hard.
Bucky looks up at her, finally, ready to argue the point.
Tony leans forward and rests his head on Steve’s shoulder, nose nuzzling behind his earlobe.
Tony withdraws his touch and lets his hand rest on the small of Steve’s back.
“This gym has the best and the newest equipment available.” Tony gestures around to all of the machines that Steve has ignored.  “You should really give some a try.”
“The Stork Club...'Eight o’clock, on the dot.  Don’t you dare be late.'”  The doors threaten to close and Steve steps into the entryway, keeping them from doing so.  “First real date I was ever gonna have and I had to stand her up.”
“Cut,
“Keeping a tight lid on things, are we, dear?” Jan asks him.
Steve accepts the gesture this time. Their fingers twine together loosely, palms barely touching. It grounds Tony a little, but his heart continues to race. While the distance they walk in silence is relatively short, each minute seems to expand infinitely.
The lab here isn’t helping matters, filled as it is with remnants of his father’s work and not his own.  When DUM-E rolls around, happy to be active again and in his zeal occasionally knocking over one of Howard’s projects, Tony never scolds him for it.  He can’t outright destroy the stuff because the scientist in him recognizes its value, but if it accidentally ends up in broken pieces on the floor he’s surprisingly okay with that.
“I think I’ll walk.” He announces, and Natasha angles herself back outside the car to eye him critically.
When his vision clears, he looks down the length of his body. Some spatter from Tony’s orgasm decorates his abdomen, drips down his cock and catches in his pubic hair. But most of it, he realizes with a shiver of arousal, Tony had aimed at his hole. It’s as if he was re-claiming, re-marking what he could, even if he couldn’t finish inside. Steve lets out a helpless moan at the realization, desire spiking through him again.
Steve is swimming.  It’s midnight and Tony should be taking advantage of the workshop the Malibu house has to offer, but here he is standing stock still in his living room, looking down as Steve completes lap after lap after lap.
Well, the first hurdle of how to awkwardly bring this up with Bucky has already been toppled over with the grace of a herd of stampeding elephants. His heart sinks a little, because even if his own plan hadn’t been so clear, it definitely hadn’t been this.
“Look. I didn’t mean to overreact." He rubs his fingers against his stubbled cheek. He must not have bothered to shave, what with searching for Steve's whereabouts. "But this isn’t something you
When Steve steps out of the cab and sees the familiar line of colorful jockeys lining the wrought iron balcony, he doesn’t know whether to be amused or offended.  He grabs Tony by the elbow, stopping him from going down the small flight of stairs to the entrance.
That face.  That voice.
“I thank you for the overwhelming vote of confidence, sir.” Pepper hangs up, and that once-promising light on the telephone goes dark a moment later.
He and Tony strolled the immaculate gardens of the public grounds surrounding the nearby tennis complex as they waited for the crowd to dissipate, and had wound up sitting together in the shadows of Arthur Ashe Stadium for much longer than planned.
“You are…” Tony’s hard too, Steve can feel him rubbing against his thigh. “So. God. Damn.” Tony’s hands smooth over his waist and down to his ass, grabbing and holding rather than quickly groping. “Beautiful.”
“I keep trying, Cap.  I am.  But I can’t get anything right.”
“Did we have good sense then?” Steve asks, the question sounding half-serious. He looks down at Steve, pondering the same thing. Would it have been good sense to say something back then about the way his heart thuds in his chest whenever Steve smiles at him? Would everything have gone differently if he had?
“For what?”
“Are you real particular about those sleeping arrangements?”  He knows his playful leer is a little too lascivious for mixed company in Steve’s usual estimation, but Steve seems too tired to care.  “My bed’s twice as big and could use a little warming.”
Bucky’s never wanted to hit someone more. He holds back the slew of angry words threatening to spew forth, glaring at Tony before remembering to remind himself that this is about Steve, not him.
“Don’t have much to report,” Steve replies as he starts dicing tomatoes, splitting his focus between his current company and his need to not accidentally cut his own fingers off.
Rhodey stands and crosses to him, frown etched deep on his face.
“Which is why you’re going to explain this to me
. Like I said, this is our private business.” Steve would be mortified right now if he knew Pepper was asking about this, about Steve possibly pursuing something with Bucky while also still being with Tony.
and he speaks of the role reversals – The woman is the kickass police detective!  The man’s her sidekick! – with such excitement that Tony sometimes needs to remind him these characters aren’t real.
for this man.  He reaches up and grabs Steve by both sides of his head, pulling him down to plant a sloppy smack of a kiss to his forehead.  He lets him go with flourish.
“I wanted you from the moment I saw you.”  Tony blurts just as Steve is slipping a piece of French toast onto Tony’s plate.  Steve stops in the middle of what he’s doing, a bit surprised by the seriousness of Tony’s tone.  “I’ve wanted you
“They’re your friends too.”  Steve reads his friend’s face, hoping that Bucky really gets that and seeing that he doesn't.  “You’re one of us.”
They’re seated immediately, a burnished plaque on the wall by their table bearing Howard’s name.
“I think you should do this with Bucky.”
A kiss cuts him off, Tony’s lips quite an effective silencer.  As other people load into other cars, their own car ticks upward slowly.
They’re only 25, so Steve tries not to think about the future too much.  After all, it’d taken all of college for him and Tony to even progress beyond casually hanging out and screwing around and into a real, defined,
He rolls his eyes and manhandles Steve the rest of the way out of the bathroom.
Tony doesn’t answer him though, so Steve just extends his hand.
It probably has a lot to do with Steve.  Small Town America probably wouldn’t lend a toolbox to Tony Stark.
The air is beginning to warm with the day by the time he climbs the stairs to their apartment on North Hayworth; it’s going to be a hot one if the temperature is already climbing like this. Steve pauses for a moment on the landing outside the apartment door, taking time to straighten out both his thoughts and his appearance. He untucks his white and red striped tank from the tight waistband of his white running shorts and uses the hem to dry his sweaty face, then runs a hand through his hair in a poor attempt to straighten and flatten the damp strands.
“I don’t care if you
These days he’s always drawing Tony.
“My reason is she told me to.”
,” Tony retorts.  Steve opens his mouth to say something unkind and barely manages to stop himself.  He’s not playing this game.  Tony sighs, tries a different angle.  “I meant the art studio as a gift, Steve.”
Tony comes back to himself with a shaky gasp, startled by the force of the simple daydream. His lips are tingling as if the kiss were real. His heart beats wildly in his chest; sweat breaks over his skin. His cock is blindingly hard, bulging insistently in his trousers, but that seems desperately beside the point. He reaches back behind him, finding the edge of his desk in order to steady himself.
He understands it too.
One look at Bruce though, and Tony can see the man’s willing to do the same for this Betty, whoever she is.
“Thought I’d get it in while it was still cool out. Gonna be a burner.”
“I’m a little put out that I’m not going to be able to fuck you for a few days because Bucky evidently
Steve hesitates a brief moment when he sees Tony, clearly wondering why he’s there, but he turns to Natasha without commenting upon his presence.
“I don’t remember much of that, really.  I was talking to Peggy and then the plane hit the ice and then…nothing.  That is ‘til I woke up in Fury’s poor idea of New York circa ‘44.”
Everything in the shower is still damp from Tony’s use of it, and Tony’s bath products are lined up along the ledge of the tub. He casts about the small room for complimentary soap and shampoo; it’s not as if he’s ever stayed in a fancy place like this, but he’s heard tell that these types of things come standard. If they did, Tony’s evidently done away with them already. He’ll have to use Tony’s things.
“Call me Jan, love.” She tsks her tongue, shaking her head as she turns to leave. She tosses a lament over her shoulder. “Such a sin to waste that waistline in these boxy suits. Why, oh why, can’t detectives dress well?”
Tony brushes a thumb in small circles over the back of Steve’s hand, thinking for a long moment before deciding just to tell Steve the news he’s been sitting on for awhile.
“JARVIS, call Rhodey again.”  He doesn’t technically need to speak the command aloud to JARVIS anymore, but he still does so simply because he likes the interaction.  Besides Steve and Pepper, he probably talks to his AI the most, which might be totally awesome or totally depressing, depending on whom one asks.
Steve runs his own hands through his hair now, trying to hold onto the memory a little while longer.
“Ah, it is quite dangerous to underestimate your opponent, doctor.  ‘Tis a folly that has felled many a fine warrior.”  Thor chimes in, stroking his beard as he eyes the chessboard.  He leans over to study the finely carved pieces.   “I must admit I do find myself perplexed with this elaborate game.  The rules seem most arbitrary.”
“Freak the fuck out?” Tony never has believed in silence.  “Strangely enough, I haven’t felt one bit anxious tonight.  At first I thought it was just because Bruce and I smoked up this afternoon-“
“So…tonight?” Steve asks. “I can drive up right after we wrap for the day, maybe we can have a late dinner.”
“Wouldn't want that,” Tony mumbles, but not low enough that they can't hear. Jan rolls her eyes and inappropriately gives Steve a tap on his butt as he walks behind the brass and green brocade dressing screen.
“Oh, that’s the good stuff.” Tony licks his lips after his first sip, looking forward to the caffeine that’s about to jolt his system. This is his Italian dark roast, shipped over monthly specifically for his use only. Pepper occasionally sneaks a cup when he’s driving her crazy, but he doesn’t mention it. It seems only fair, with her putting up with his vast amount of bullshit and all.
Steve bites back his questions and concerns because he knows his words won’t register.  Bucky would have no answers even if they did.  He has to settle for being close enough to touch, reassured by the steady rhythm of his best friend’s breathing.
“I wouldn't
He wants Steve to strip him and take him right there – pick him up and fuck him against the door while Tony watches it reflected back from three different angles.
“Tony’s a bit of a blabbermouth, seems like.” Bucky comments, pushing out a short, airy laugh. He lifts one hand to his hair, running his fingers through it slowly. He looks at Steve shyly as he does it, perfect teeth worrying his bottom lip. “Saying all the things for us before we can say them ourselves.”
“Both,” Steve gasps out as Tony takes him in further, lips closing tightly around him, his first few inches lying flat on Tony’s tongue. His mouth is so hot and wet, and Steve can’t believe that he gets to have this and have Bucky too. Just this morning it had been Bucky between his legs and now it’s Tony.
angry – he pulls himself in, winding tight and going dangerously quiet. Bucky doesn’t make people feel badly. He makes them scared.
Because Steve and Bucky are going to have a talk, that much is clear. Even if tonight hadn't happened, there was no way Steve was going to let Bucky’s behavior drag on for much longer without forcing a confrontation. If Steve hadn’t spent most of the last month sick in bed, it would have happened already.
remark, but decides to let it pass.
“Nothing,” Rhodey repeats, bending to look at him, his tone slightly mocking. “You might want to tell that to the bolt you’re abusing.”
?  They lived their lives, Steve, and they lived them without you.  They
Steve slips further into the shadows, moving to peer down the driveway that cuts a sharp path down along the rocky cliff. “I was considering it.”
And then Steve has shown up in Azzano and he was Steve but
Steve’s hand moves toward the tapestry, like he wants to touch that too, but he draws back before making contact.
“Maybe you and I should just run off together, Stevie, put a stop to these blind dates once and for all.” She pulls a cigarette from a slim silver case and holds it out to him between two fingers.
, in case you haven’t noticed, I leave alone to go about your business.”
"We could watch them at home, I'm sure."
“And Pepper’s okay with that?”
“Do you want…?” He trails off, but Steve knows what Bucky is asking. And in answer he’s rolling his hips to meet Bucky’s before he realizes that’s what he’s doing.
So Steve shakes his head no, rubbing his eyes and cheeks to dry his tears. He sits up as straight as he can manage and squares his shoulders, then forces a smile to his face. It feels as fake as it surely looks.
“I brought wine and dessert.”  Tony adds weakly, holding up a bottle in one hand and a pink bakery box in the other.
“New Years.  It makes people do crazy things.”  He shrugs.  “Gotta have someone to kiss at midnight, right?”
“Us meaning you and me or us meaning you and Tony?”
Pierce arrives and pontificates about his larger purpose, but he can’t think of anything except the man on the bridge.  He doesn’t care what Pierce wants him to do, he only wants to know why there is suddenly this gaping hole in the center of his chest, this insurmountable amount of longing and pain unlike anything he’s ever felt.
“It’s just trouble with this person I’m seeing. Was seeing. Saw once. I don’t know.”
“Yes, right now.”  He thumbs over his shoulder toward the door, already taking steps toward the exit.  Steve glances toward Bucky.
“The more the merrier, Captain,” Bruce replies kindly.  “It’s nice to meet you, Sam.”
anymore—Stark’s always there between them, a glaring reminder that Steve was never and will never be his.
that Steve and his best friend have been in love forever and I need to figure out a way to work with that, or I’m out a boyfriend.”
, that’s helpful.” Tony snaps, but Rhodey laughs. He takes a seat next to Tony on the wooden crate, slapping a hand over his knee.
Inside, the chant begins, a chorus of voices counting toward midnight.
Steve answers with a half-hearted smile, trying to be amused by Tony’s joke.
“You’re givin’ me flashbacks here, Rogers.  Haven’t had to be your damn nursemaid in a real long time.”  Bucky sets the cup aside.  “Have to say, haven’t really missed seeing you in a sickbed.  Thought I’d seen the last a’ this when you Capped up.”
After the meal is finished, Bruce bars him from the kitchen because Thor wants to learn how to wash the dishes.  Apparently an incident with the dishwasher at the tower had left him wary of using a machine.  Steve leaves them to it.
“I was just gonna hop on the treadmill for a bit, give the ol’ ticker a workout.”  Tony stands up, pushing the chair aside.  He stretches overdramatically.
?  I really have undone you, Cap.  I thought you lived for this stuff.”
“It’s quiet.” Steve comments, crossing to the railing. The pool lights have only now flickered on below, giving the water a warm, aquamarine glow. They both stand in silence for a long minute, the time short but stretching. “You can
He jerks toward her and sloshes orange juice over the counter.  He quickly sets the bottle down and grabs a rag, mopping up the mess while trying to think of an appropriate response.  One that doesn’t involve telling Pepper she’s gone insane.
He can’t possibly get any closer to Steve but he keeps trying. He feels like he’s taking and taking and Steve’s saying yes only by not saying no. That’s not the same.
“Far be it from me to help,” Bucky retorts, dropping the spoon back into the container. He hands it over to Steve. “You hold it then, and don’t ask me to clean up when you have a fit and spill it all over yourself.”
have a busy weekend.” Tony’s sliding down the length of his body. “You got one more for me?”
“I’d ask for an explanation, but I don’t think I want one,” Steve shakes his head, hoping that no one thinks it necessary to reveal exactly how far into the encounter Dugan got before the realization struck.
That’s how he knows that whatever this is, now, it’s not
He hurls the shield back and runs.
Steve hesitates for an obviously pained moment and his face kind of crumples, like he doesn’t want to answer and is trying hard to cough up a very unnatural lie.
“You don’t like Darcy?” It’s not a real question; she’s smiling and completely unsurprised.
But give ‘em a little rain, and inside they’ll stay.  Navigating crowded sidewalks is difficult enough without adding umbrellas to the mix, and Steve has noticed that while umbrellas may be smaller, people today are far less cordial and careful than they used to be.  Someone almost took his eye out the other day as he walked back home from the Guggenheim.
“Did you honestly bring me to 21?  That’s not…I never once in my life came here, Tony, there’s no way I could have afforded it.”  New York has always been a different city for the rich than for the poor.
“No you haven’t.”  She says, picking up the now ice cold plate of eggs and bacon he’d ignored.  Pepper turns to Bruce.  “I heard about Dr. Ross.  I’m terribly sorry.”
ways.”
“Guys, so sorry I’m late, I just…I got caught up and then…” Bruce apologizes, flustered, as he squeezes in to the last seat left open at the long communal table, across from Natasha and beside Thor.  His thin tie is hanging loose, his purple-checkered shirt half-unbuttoned, revealing a hot pink t-shirt with a unicorn emblazoned across its front.  He’s carrying his dark green grandfather cardigan folded over one arm and his thick glasses sit crookedly on his nose.  His curly hair is rumpled, like he hasn’t combed it in days.  “I don’t know where my brain is at lately, it’s like I’m two different people and I can’t keep things straight.  I didn’t even mean to stay that late, I hope I didn’t hold you all up too much.”
“Speaking of Italians…” Tony smiles nervously.  Pepper’s smile is more grim and determined, if smiles can be such things.
“How’s our stubborn ass patient doing?” Tony disturbs the quiet, entering the living room with typical bluster. He’s juggling multiple bags and a large box, all from different stores. With a terrific clatter, Tony drops them onto the love seat and the floor when he peers down to find the coffee table is already strewn with detritus.
They’re words.  He knows that they’re supposed to be words.  Sentences.  It’s just that they’re not really making any sense.
I wasn’t about to give the designs to the Germans, and I’m not about to give them to the U.S. government either.” He’s not sure who he’d trust less with his advanced weaponry.
,” Tony complains, frowning. What was Barnes playing at here, getting Pepper involved? Granted, maybe Tony shouldn't have ignored his calls, but his deliberate absence was designed to give Steve and Bucky
“They have, sir. I prefer to think of myself as realistic.”
Tony takes off his jacket and throws it onto one of the chairs, followed by his tie.  Steve watches, confused, as Tony pushes some furniture around and creates an empty space in the center of the living room area.
“Don’t worry, I can cover the damages. Well worth every penny,” Tony grins. He grabs one of the towels that’s barely clinging to the broken rack and turns on the faucet. The pipes let out a distressed croak, but enough water comes out to moisten the fabric.
“You’re in need of a set designer?”
“He’s miserable without you, Steve.”
Tony slides back in as he takes Steve’s still hard cock in hand, overstimulation setting Steve off like a live wire.
“You’re just saying that because she confiscated your baseball cards.”
It got too hard to watch Barnes there so he’d buried himself in work all day – work which would bring Bucky fully and completely home to Steve, which is an irony that’s like a knife to the gut – and he snuck back in at night when no one else was there.  He had the appropriate clearance; it was only a matter of making nice with the on duty nurse so she wouldn’t report his unorthodox visiting times.  After the second or third night spent at Steve’s bedside, sleeping twisted forward with his head against Steve’s stomach, the nurse hadn’t bothered him much.
“That’s our Stevie,” Bucky replies, chuckling. He’s having far too much fun with this, and Steve dreads to think of how long it may take to live this evening down. Bucky plops down at the table across from Jan and loosens his tie, props his feet up on the other chair beside him. “So, tell me, how’s the shoot going? Steve here won’t tell me a damn thing.”
“No way in hell, Rogers.  This,” Tony runs a hand over his immaculately shaped and trimmed Van Dyck.  “Takes a fair amount of care and attention.  It’s not to be trifled with.”
He takes out the pictures, the ones so fittingly showing his and Tony’s very last kiss, and then tosses them to the floor. Tony looks down as the photographs scatter and spread across the black and white tile.
“How do you feel about yogurt and granola?” He asks, glancing at her.
“As Pepper should have mentioned, I had the editing gals send over the most recent rough cut. Lensherr did a pick-up with Wanda to tweak the ending, but I haven’t seen how it plays yet. But if we get this locked this week, we can keep our original release date. I’d like your opinion on it.”
“Oh.  Any chance you could be in Denver?”
“Eh, just recently? After Howard bought the farm, I guess.  Instead of producing real bombs, the kid’s just going to make box office bombs,” Bucky quips, and Steve rolls his eyes at the lazy pun.  Bucky takes the cigarette out of his mouth and sits up, evidently having more to offer on the subject than a lame joke.  “You
“Well I’m hardly earning any Michelin Stars, but I can manage the basics. Bucky and I can’t survive on cold cuts alone.” He gives Tony’s hands a squeeze. “Think about what you’d like and let me know.”
Darcy turns back to look at him, nonplussed neither by Jane so openly stating Darcy’s interest nor by Jane commenting so bluntly on how the evening has progressed thus far. She has her legs crossed, her silk stockings on clear display. She folds and rests her manicured hands over her knee as she squares her shoulders, ready to make a demand of him.
The elevator doors slide open and they walk into the small compartment side by side.  He smirks to himself as he notices Steve standing at soldier’s ease, feet a shoulder width apart and hands folded behind his back.  Tony lounges against the wall lazily and lets Steve feel him looking.
There’s another long moment before it clicks.
“I’m touched you think I’m some kind of hot shot, Thor,” Bucky smirks as he clinks fresh ice cubes into his glass. He gestures to Steve with the tongs before dropping them back into the ice bucket. “Steve, however, he did some work with Howard Stark, once upon a time. Darcy, you may be too young to remember –”
people could chase down the leads!”
Strange how that happened.
“Grilled cheese.” Tony repeats, his tone as full of
Tony’s going to make a massive mess of things.
“Rhodey’s out in Reno for an airshow. You know how I get when he’s at those things.”
He’s not in love, he decides quickly. He acts the cynical bastard, but he’s a bit of a hopeless romantic at heart. It can get the better of him sometimes when he’s not careful.
“He has six Academy Awards. How many do you have?”
for Avengers, right?  Seemed like kismet.”
Tony hadn’t realized that Steve was still holding one of his pencils until he hears it snap in Steve’s grip, the upper half tinkling to the floor.  Steve looks down at his hand, his long fingers unfurling slowly and letting go the bottom half of the pencil too.  It rolls away.
to do this, but he can’t deny he has it coming. He’s honestly surprised it hasn’t happened sooner.
“And you realized this in the midst of your all-night bacchanal?”
*******
“So…Thor, tell me again why is your brother doing a magic show on a Thursday night?”  Clint and Thor move next, as Thor is quite the barrier for anyone else looking to get out.
“Uh, that one.” Steve stops in his tracks, pointing two fingers at Tony.
symbol.  “This, Cap,
“Because Bucky Barnes has called you about half a dozen times in the past hour and you’ve ignored every one. Considering that he’d only call you in the event of a Steve-related emergency, I’m wondering why you’re not answering.”
Steve shifts in his seat. He’s growing hard, right here, in the middle of the restaurant. As he moves, his leg brushes Tony’s. He hesitates for just a moment but then decides to let it rest there. He knows the signal that sends and right now, he wants to send it. He can feel Tony’s skin, warm against his own body, even through the fabric of their trousers.
.”  Steve nods.  “When did that happen?”
“And they used you to try and reverse engineer the serum,” Tony interjects again, apparently unable to stop.  “They also used you as a guinea pig, testing and injecting you with god knows what, trying to figure out what you could withstand, what you could fight off.  Torture in the goddamned name of science.  They kidnapped Dr. Ross to help them do it, and she did
have a plan.”
“Steve…” Bucky starts, and Steve’s not sure there’s anything more to it than that.
Guiltily, he looks to his right, through the floor-to-ceiling windows, to where Steve sits inside, resting on the oversized couch in the sunken living room. Steve had once told him that before the Battle of New York left it partially in rubble, the room had been black marble and gold trim and shining glass, a full bar and a huge, black leather couch, but now it’s more subdued, homey. Still like Tony, but with more Steve.
“He is.”
“Bucky?” Tony guesses, and Steve nods. “Charming.”
“Ya think it’ll keep?”
She has likened it to clearing the area before a bomb goes off, but he thinks that metaphor’s just a leftover from when she used to work for his father. At the very least, he’s sure he’s a better boss than his old man.
Steve grabs Tony’s hips in return and shoves them back close together, sending a jolt of desire right up Tony’s spine.
“Oh, you actually did.  It sounded like –” Tony erupts into a large snore.  An apologetic but reluctant smile lifts the corners of Bruce’s mouth, and what Tony wouldn’t give to see this guy give someone an honest-to-god grin just once in his life.
Steve’s body is trying to wring pleasure from him and Tony doesn’t know how he manages not to come – until he realizes that Bucky’s metal hand is tight around his cock, stopping him from shooting off. Tony outright groans in frustration, cursing Bucky and begging him to let go.
“What, telling me over the phone doesn't have the same punch?” Tony finishes his drink, the liquor smooth and easy going down, and rises to make another. “Glad I'm here too, honeybear. It's nice to be a best friend in person sometimes.”
“I was saying…I’ve been that man, I
“And I’d say you’re the kind who’d want to find out which.” She slinks toward him, a knowing smile curling at the edges of her full lips.
“He’d be hard against me. Against my back. Sometimes lower, rubbing between my…” He hesitates, and Tony fills in the blanks. He can imagine it vividly, Steve cradled against Bucky’s broader body, the only thing separating them the thin fabric of their worn cotton boxers. Steve stirring to the feeling of Bucky’s cock pressed close, the hard length of it nestled between his cheeks, and Bucky rocking his hips just enough to get friction, arms tightening unknowingly around Steve in his sleep.
It could be that he’s wondering what this might look like to Tony. If Tony were here, if Tony were watching.
Bucky slowly pulls his fingers from Steve’s grasp, the metal of the handcuff and chain that links his only wrist to the floor clinking lightly.  SHIELD agents had removed his cybernetic arm and without it he seems like the walking wounded, despite the injury being seventy years old.  Bucky shrinks into himself, hiding his good hand in the folds of his worn jacket.
He wraps his legs around Bucky’s waist and rubs against him. They lose time, somehow, minutes piling up into half an hour as they passionately neck on the couch the way they might have if they’d given into this back when they were kids.
For a terrifying second, Tony thinks Barnes is going to take a shot.  His finger twitches on the trigger.  But he stops, for which Tony thanks god because Steve doesn’t need to deal with Barnes, of all people, attempting to kill his own team member.
Steve tilts his head toward him and presses a gentle kiss to his lips. The angle is a bit awkward so Tony fixes it, rolling on top of him. They kiss contentedly for far too long, Tony letting himself get lost in it for what seems like minutes, but is more likely the better part of a half hour.
He puts a pot of water on the stove and lights the gas burner.
“Steven, does it strike you as odd that we’ve been neighbors for months and yet I’ve only seen you on this set? Why, the only times we’ve spoken have been during your costume fittings.
He looks like the most put-together, in-control man that Steve has ever seen. It exhilarates him even as it unnerves him, makes him feel small and unsure even though he’s so much broader and taller than the man walking up to him now. He feels like the old Steve Rogers for a brief moment, frail and forgotten.
“My room is fine, Stark, it just takes me a while to get used to new places.”
He loses touch with reality for a moment. The world goes foggy and dim. When he comes back to himself, he realizes that in the heat of the moment, he’d wrapped his right hand around Tony’s atop the towel rack.
Tony winks at him, mistaking his very real confusion as purposely playing dumb, and lifts up on his toes to peck Steve on the lips. Right in front of him, just like that.
“Leave it,” Steve mumbles into his mouth, following Tony’s lead toward their bedroom.  He ends up colliding with the wall at the foot of the stairs, both of them chuckling breathlessly as their hands work at each other’s pants, Steve tugging at his belt eagerly.  Tony gets Steve’s jeans open, shoves them down over the sharp cut of his hips.
“Fine.” Steve shrugs, taking a big bite of his sandwich.  Tony grunts, crumpling up his napkin before shoving his own food aside.
He shivers.  He’s wearing a pair of loose dark grey cotton pajama pants and the navy blue official Team USA Olympics tank Tony gleefully gave him with more amusement than is probably normal, and maybe he should’ve grabbed one of Tony’s much lauded bathrobes because he’s suddenly chilled.
It’s time to bring on some serious action and get this shit done before any more of old New York is smashed before his eyes.  The last thing he needs is Banner setting to work on the Empire State Building; Steve would never recover.  Tony arms the missiles in his shoulder panels, Extremis working with JARVIS to ensure accuracy.
It turns out, he isn’t.
“What.”
“Or just use his hands?”
“Hmm?”  Steve slowly opens his eyes; the effects of the kiss leaving him slow to catch up with Tony’s meaning.
They spend the next two nights in Denver.  Which is patently ridiculous, because Aspen is a stone’s throw away.  He has to pick them up some decent clothes before taking Steve out on the town, and that involves a little
Following Bucky’s lead, Tony picks up the small tube of lube discarded on the nightstand, its cap already loose, and arranges himself along Steve’s right side.  He coats a finger liberally and snakes it down to join Bucky’s in the task of opening Steve up.
Everywhere Tony goes, Steve’s attention follows.
“Didn’t take long at all, it was nothing.”
“Hey.” He says softly, and leans in to kiss Steve with as much assuredness as he can muster. When he breaks the kiss he leans his forehead against Steve’s, keeping close. “I fucking love you. More than anything. No matter what.”
“Didn’t know you smoked, Rogers.”
“You’re not religious,” Steve retorts and Tony shrugs.
“I apologize, but I don’t think you’re supposed to be alone back here.”
“We can take a bath then,” Tony replies. The
“I was really enjoying this,” Tony gestures between himself and Steve, upset that some strange villain and his army of robots have disrupted their idyllic morning.  “Do you suppose it’s too late for us to turn in our superhero cards and run away to some tropical paradise?  Pretty sure I own an island or two, somewhere.”
“Save the
“We could go out tomorrow instead,” Steve suggests, surprised at his gumption for asking.  Tony usually calls the shots as far as their activities go.  “Probably something fascinating playing at Anthology.”
“Just untapped, unadulterated lust that is now very, very much
The film cuts back to the office, where Steve re-enters and stops short at the door upon finding the room empty. The film ends on a lingering long shot of the street as that black car drives off into the distance and disappears over the crest of the horizon.
He strips off his tie and shirt, then undoes his pants and lets them drop to the floor. The belt buckle clangs as it hits the ground and there’s another thud that makes him realize he’d left his phone in his pocket. On any other night he’d strip bare and slink into bed, press the warmth of his body against Steve’s curved back and slim hips, but tonight’s not any other night.
