Steve watched as she cradled the doll to her protectively. He smiled to himself as he pulled Ellie into Francesca's with him. He went up to the register upon locating it.
After getting over the denial of his involvement in Steve’s odd behavior he broke out the good stuff and tried to rack his brain for clues as to what he did to set Steve off and make him bail like that. At first he thought receiving the executive chief code might have done it, but Steve was well into his escape plan before that transmission had even went through.
Tony nodded, "Okay, makes sense. How long since you woke up in this time? When does your memory start up again?"
He found his way to all of Tony’s usual haunts without a sign of him. He was glad he hadn’t encountered any of the others. He was on the trek to his next destination, Tony’s room, when he heard a female voice. He quickly hid behind a large house plant of all things. He rolled his eyes at the ridiculousness of it.
Steve could feel Peggy watching them silently. He glanced over at her to find her smiling wistfully with the misty expression. He smiled back at her.
This was too much! Way too much to absorb. It was taking everything he had not to drown in panic, instead he focused his concern on Peggy and making sure she was comfortable.
He stuffed paper into all of the boots seeing as they were all a bit big for the small children. They looked odd but the rubber should protect them.
In a highly secure underground compound deep in the heart of a restless city a young woman meandered through out empty, dusty halls. She was going over the plan on how to defect from that disgusting fat man in charge. After they took down Stark, of course.
Barton snorted derisively. “Like she told us why.” He said. “All she said was that Tony here has only 0.5% chance at figuring it out, assuming the right conditions are met.”
Bucky was right, Tony was stuck in an awful position. There was no other way around it. Steve was forever lost to them and it was all Tony’s fault. It cut him and broke him in ways that he did not know a person could be broken. It killed him inside knowing the moment he saved everyone was the moment he pulled the trigger on Steve.
Steve in his distraught haze realized with a modicum of reassurance that Bucky was aiming to maim and not kill. That and as long as he didn’t kill any of them means he still had a chance.
“Well I won’t be able to actually change the memories themselves but with this,” he gestured to his makeshift stage with the holographic devices. “I’ll be able to tweak the memories and have them play out differently for therapeutic purposes.”
This was exactly how that which wanted everything to play out. He played right into her hand perfectly, like a good little stupid pawn.
Steve tried to focus.  Something was happening.  The puff balls were disappearing.  They’d dissipated like a puff of smoke.
The man stopped in front of him and glared. There was a small red mark on his shoulder. Well, we made him bleed. Just as he was about to reengage the fast man Thor landed behind him.
He turned around abruptly in an attempt to get his head on straight. He could feel this escalating into a ridiculous insult match.
He paid attention to the way Steve moved, to his micro-expressions, the influx of his voice and to the color of his eyes. Everything from the way he blinked to the way he breathed. He replayed the footages over and over until he was convinced that there was a modicum of truth and what Natasha was saying. He was in pain and not just physically. Tony loathed to admit it but he was sure it was somehow his own fault.
Steve felt the clouds of his misery part just enough for the smallest ray of hope to shine down and slap him in the face…
“Very good sir, I will take care of your orders immediately.”  The waiter confirmed enthusiastically as he took Tony’s menu.  He bid them adieu and leapt to do his job.
“Stark!... Never mind, Thank you Agent Romanov. Considering that we currently believe that this woman is an of Alien origin, I have no doubts at this point that she very well had appeared here seemingly “out of thin air” as Romanov has stated. We all know Loki had similar capabilities.”  Fury stated.
Bucky sighed heavily and turned back around in the chair and began to rifle through some of Tony’s personal files.
“I do not know why you always insist on playing this game with me.” Von Doom continued exasperated. “I already know where you are.”
“Give it up Stark! Your suit and system functions are mine! None of your verbal overrides will work! And you, stuck in that suit, can’t very well type your way out of this!” He began to laugh maniacally once more.
“Aye, Aye Captain! Now there’s the Capsicle we all know and love.” The billionaire smirked and turned back to his computer.
With every ounce of strength, he tried to force his broken body to get to his brother even with Iron Man pinning him he managed to force the both of them closer nearly two feet. He could feel his flesh tear and his bones crack at the exertion. He desperately tried to reach for him.
"Maybe!" He sighed. "No, I know I'm being stupid and the fact that you can't remember should make things so much easier, right? God, it makes it so much worse." He admitted.
Steve observed how excited Ellie got over the prospect of hearing someone play the piano for her. He could not help the warm fuzzy feeling he got learning that his baby doll loves art and music. So much like him and her grandmother.
“The position you’re in now that you have all the tools to stop Calamity. I personally would rather go through all the hell that I’ve been through my entire life, than be where you are right now.” Bucky replied remorsefully, his face scrunched up in misery.
He wasn’t going to take shit from anyone at this point, especially the troublesome ones…*cough*Clint*cough*Tony*cough*Coulson*cough*. What? The later couldn’t stay dead. Gotta watch out for those guys.
She emitted a long-suffering sigh, "I suppose it is now the time to tell you my true purpose here…" She eluded. "There indeed was once a planet exactly like this, bewitching and so full of life."
“Well,” he smiled, “I did have the best little helper in the world.” He said as he tickled Ellie’s ear before taking up her plate. She giggled delightfully.
“My order for right now is that everybody needs to go get some shut eye.  I don’t care how you do it, I don’t care if you have to drug yourself. Each and every one of you are gonna figure out how to sleep somehow.  Because Professor Xavier is right, we need to strengthen our minds. In order to do that we need to give our minds exactly what it needs which is rest and recuperation.  I want you all to get at least five hours of sleep.  That is not negotiable.  And as soon as you are all recuperated you will follow these orders…”  He preceded to order Natasha, Steve, Bruce and Clint on standby until further notice.  He ordered Coulson to be the one to inform Bruce and Clint of their orders when they come to.  He told Maria she knows what to do.  He then ordered Tony, Hank and the Professor to reconvene with their plan after the resting period.  “Okay if everybody’s got that, get the hell out of here.”
"Now, why would I do something like that? I claimed him fairly, as it is my prerogative. I asked and he gave me consent."
This made Steve even angrier.  He shoved the entire surface of the palette against the canvas where it stuck and threw the brush across the room.
Here he was pestering this guy and Barnes was laying there strapped to copious amounts of medical equipment with an impressive bullet hole in his chest. Even more vexing, Tony thought, is when in the hell did he begin to care.
The report said a solitary gunman. As far as he knew, Harker was in control of the siblings and Bucky. But he’s dead now. The Rhododendron was his right-hand man. But from what he had managed to glean the last several days the crazy dude in the bunny suit had escaped sometime during his rescue. He was sure Quicksilver didn’t pick him up too… Wait…
She laughed merrily as she helped add the other ingredients also. She began to go into detail about the grand adventures that she and her pony, Rocky, went on. Steve listened adeptly as he began to cook up some pancakes.
Steve was mildly shocked at her response. He did not know how to answer her. He did not know how much he was supposed to be telling her about anything.
Steve nodded absently following obediently.  Tony led them to his temporary workshop.  Realizing where he was, Steve began to object.
“Sorry, it’s just me kid. Don’t worry I’ll get you out but you have to do everything I tell you okay? You can’t complain or talk back, I’m a Captain remember!” He ordered firmly with a hint of a smile.
He shifted in a miserable and futile attempt to alleviate the biting pressure of his restraints. He was in shackles. He noted his ankles bound along with his neck. Now he truly felt like a caged animal, collar and all.
“Morning Captain.  I am here on official business from Fury.  We have a mission.”  Natasha answered not skipping a beat.
Steve was as red as a tomato thinking back on that incident that lead to such mortification; it was all Clint’s fault.
“Time, love. Or in this case to give you back the time you lost when you were frozen for seventy years.”
"Do you recall our first encounter?" He nodded. She continued, "I stated that the first world I ever took was for something as petty as fury. It was this very world here." She admitted. "To understand what had transpired here I should show you exactly what I am and tell you how I ended up here in the first place... Please be patient with me."
Steve sighed, "As much as I hate to admit it, I guess I understand where you're coming from now, just a little bit. I still don't agree with your methods though."
“You needn’t worry Director. I handle wayward and unique individuals for a living.” Xavier smiled kindly at the director.
Nope… wait… that was Natasha slapping him.  Apparently she had been screaming his name trying to get his attention.
Steve was the very symbol of hope and strength unmatched. In that moment he was truly the personification of hero.
"Hey, chin up. Your mom is gonna be fine. She's the strongest lady I know!" She said reassuringly. "Hey, I know! Your house isn't too far away from here. How about I go get one of your dolls. Hmm? Would you like auntie Angie to get one of your little ladies to help you out?" She asked considerately.
“This was one of my favorite books to read as a child. It always made me think and I would always get into heated arguments with-“ He paused.
Steve closed the front door after seeing Howard and Maria to their car. He sighed heavily. The lunch went spectacularly but Howard could be the biggest pill to swallow sometimes. Maria was wonderful, a tad shy though. All in all, not bad.
Tony stared at him astonished. “In a nutshell.” The genius replied. “After what happened, knowing that he is the one who-“ He sighed heavily. “I just need perspective.” He attempted to articulate.
“I’m going to go get ready. I have some errands to run.” She said as she began to waddle away. “Oh!” She turned back to him. “Howard and his new fiancé will be stopping by later today for a late lunch.”
“As soon as we get things at the school under control we will return and continue to assist you in this case.  For the sooner we solve this case together the sooner my students will be free from this fate.  Until then I bid you all fare well.”
Steve woke up with the start. For one terrifying moment he had absolutely no idea where or when he was. His mind was a jumbled mess. He took in his surroundings and realized he was in his room with Peggy next to him. The events of the previous day came back to him suddenly and he smiled. He turned so that he could take in Peggy’s sleeping form. His eyes trailed down her beautiful frame and landed on her swollen tummy. His smile widened into a grin.
“Great.” He finally said after a moment. “You have advanced healing like Steve. You’ll survive the flight back to the tower without all this.” He said gesturing to the equipment.
He got another wire in place and yelped as he instantly felt the drain of his arc reactor. But now he can move, he quickly got to his feet and darted for the laptop. He needed to take cover. He needed to find a safe place to work on the code and restore as much functionality to his suit as he could. If he could get his boot jets working, he could fly away in a pinch. He wouldn't be able to control his flight, however, but it would be better than to stand there and take a blast from the mother. He quickly took cover in an alleyway and began to write an override code for the doom bots. He needed to take control of them.
“I mean, how when he escaped the tower he told me that he wasn’t going to spend the rest of his life getting his heart ripped out or to be manipulated.” She pinned him with a fierce glare. “That he had already lost you…” Her mouth was set in a grim line.
“No! It’s private!” Steve shouted lunging to make a grab for it again only to end up face planting with Bucky’s hand. His flesh one thank goodness. “Give it!” He shouted again as he reached for the book in his new position. Bucky held the book just enough out of reach so he could read it.
They grew together, bonded and connected. They told things to each other they would never have told anybody else. They spent endless hours together and Steve tried to get to know Tony as best as he could.
He tried to get up but Iron Man’s full weight was pressing him down on the ground painfully. The excruciating impact with the road ripped his stitches again and the way Iron Man was sitting on him was hellish. Steve could barely breathe and the pain was paralyzing.
His hands still on the keyboard as he felt all hope for their future began to leach out of him. Suddenly, a rock hit him square in the forehead.
Tony led our soldier to a station the genius had set up. Though completely outraged, Bucky followed on gesture. The station had seven different monitors placed in front of an exam chair. Though infinitely more humane than any set up Bucky had encountered before, (there weren’t even restraints attached) he was remiss to continue.
The man with the artificial heart? Artificial… Artificial… He has an artificial body too? No, not body, armor… Armor?
"Because," she drawled out menacingly, almost lustfully, as she grabbed his face by the chin and nuzzled her nose to his. "Where would the fun in that be?" She whispered playfully against his lips, then promptly disappeared.
Working with the archer so closely the last few years Tony does have some modicum of a notion as to what Clint really went through on a very personal level when Loki brainwashed him. Even without Natasha pointing it out. So, with a heavy heart, he left the refuge of his workshop to seek out Barton.
“It’s fine!” Bucky’s voice broke through Tony’s inner turmoil. It was clear, confident and… authoritative? “I can do it.” He declared resolutely.
Being ever perceptive Clint posed a question, “So if stuff is going on in their heads, can’t the Professor read their minds and tell us what’s going on in there?”
Steve did as he was instructed. He got to his feet unsteadily then walked to the spring. He knelt down and looked into the water. Instead of seeing his own reflection, Tony's visage materialized into view. He was in his Iron Man armor working on some sort of device. Suddenly, a strange black object crash landed on the ground next to him.
“I- I did not comprehend what was happening. She looked oddly perturbed. She- she kissed you before saying that she was unable to claim you yet. I demanded to know what she meant and she came out and told me you were the keystone and could not claim you yet because you have not experienced enough pain. You needed to know more pain before you were ready.”
Flesh was easy enough to open back up, the bone, however, would be some nasty business. At least this way, they would be able to work the bone to the perfect shape of the newly modified bone anchor mechanisms and cybernetics.
Steve's mind screeched to a complete halt and his heart gave an alarming jerk and began to beat thunderously. Then he looked at her. Really looked at her.
They made their way back towards the hole and to the Franken-distorter. Barnes guarded Tony best he could as they evaded doom bot attacks. Their allies, realizing Tony was making a move for the distorters, came to cover them as well.
Bucky looked down at Steve once more. The Captain could see it in his eyes, the war had been settled as clarity blossomed over his features and his shaking stopped. The soldier rapidly took aim and fired.
The drive into town went much more smoothly than he originally anticipated. That was mostly because once he left the house and was outside he finally got a proper look at his surroundings and realized with a start that he knew exactly where he was. In fact, his grandmother used to live not three blocks away. This was the old country house in Heartland, Massachusetts that he always wanted.
He could feel the awful pull of the hole now. Rocks and debris sped past him as if caught in a hurricane. Some he could feel pelt his exposed body painfully.
He tried so hard not to think of Bucky today. But his friend was so permeated into his life that he was constantly there. In his own mind, as he was, it had only been two weeks. He looked upon Eleanor as she watched him expectantly, patiently waiting for him to finish his thoughts. As much as it would hurt to talk about Bucky, Steve realized that there was no way in hell he wanted to keep any part of his lost brother from Ellie.
The rift pulsated and fluctuated as it became unstable. The mother screamed in glee as the hole began to dilate. Tony began to feel the pull of the pseudo-void as it had begun to grow once more.
And there they were, thousands of little fluff balls of death floating around the city. Everyone stared at the screen slack jawed for a moment. Honestly after everything you would think that things would stop surprising them. Obviously not.
“I didn’t know! I didn’t know it was happening. I put a stop to it the first moment I could!” He defended.
This creature, person, would eventually become my very first friend. When I learned it's spoken language and learned how to communicate with her, I spent hours, days, years speaking to this creature. We exchanged ideas, and told each other stories. It was cathartic, to create these ideas out of seemingly nothing. I never had been so stimulated. I would have been perfectly happy and content to stay that way for all eternity.
“I can explain!” He tried to swallow. “I timed it perfectly!” He managed to squeak out through the tightening grip on his throat.
“I’m not going to lie, it’s hard every day. I think of all of them. Before I knew it I lost all of them at once.” Steve whispered miserably.
Tony hesitated to turn the page. He had no idea what Steve had in store for him. Probably going into detail about how much he thinks Tony is the scum of the Earth. At least maybe he would finally know what he did wrong. Perhaps, Steve wrote why he left. Full of trepidation Tony turned the page and found that the rest was indeed addressed to him. He winced at how long his part of the letter was. Steve really had something to say.
Dr. Hank McCoy, who arrived with the Professor, proceeded to assist Tony and Bruce in perceiving and assessing the visuals.
Apparently the strange cases had also caught the attention of the esteemed Professor. He, as much as the others, wants to solve these odd and frightening cases a.s.a.p.
As he approached he could feel pulsating energy coming from within.  He just had to find a way in.  He did a perimeter check and found that all ground level entrances were all shockingly welded shut.  He had no idea what was going on in there.
Bucky laughed bitterly. “He said he watched her leave your room like she used to. Like she had been thoroughly fucked.” He bit. There was something like a hint of doubt underneath his malice, however.
“No, at least not yet.” Steve scratched the back of his head thinking of the best way to introduce the subject.
They made it safely to the restaurant without any further incident.  They had landed in the back alley to be careful not to be spotted readily.
“One more thing, I’ll be using my shield a lot. So when I say ‘duck,’ duck immediately, do not hesitate. Okay?”
“Jarvis, send everything I have on locating the woman to Shield servers under the Orange Accounts: Agents Romanov and Barton; subquest A-P-18428.”   Tony requested appalling some of the occupants of the room.
“Excellent plan.” Bucky groaned as Tony helped him to his feet. He felt a bit lightheaded but functional.
Horrifically, his suit had been commandeered before. Rhodey was piloting the suit at the time, but it still happened and was still entirely conceivable that it could happen again if a hacker was talented enough. Tony could create as many safeguards and firewalls he desired but if some alien came along with technology like Calamity’s they could easily take control of his armor. With Tony inside no less.
Just before the soldier turned to leave he flicked a small bolt at Tony and hit him square in the forehead.
Suddenly the machine began to pulsate and flash. The portal mercifully began to incrementally shrink in size.
Wanda used her abilities to reinforce the bow cable and Spiderman’s webs, she also began to help pull them in.
As he walked at a brisk case to his workshop in the tower he scoffed at them all. His Iron Man persona was not the only thing created during his wretched imprisonment, he had also created something incredibly vital, his arc reactor. This little device served many purposes, the most important obviously was keeping his heart beating. Not only did it serve to keep the deadly shrapnel from entering his heart, it also served to supply the weak and damaged organ with just enough energy to keep going. On the plus, he used it to operate his Iron Man armor.
“Professor, are you absolutely sure that an extraterrestrial is behind this?” Director Fury asked seeking confirmation.
Steve grew more irritated. Calamity wanted to continue to play this game with him. Only, he was not playing.
Two years ago, sure, they did shit like that all the time but he had hoped that they all had an understanding by now. “Don’t keep stuff from Steve, it’s just all bad.”
Tony found him sometime later.  The Soldier was still in the same position as he had been the last several hours, staring up at the sky.  Tony approached him slowly not wanting to shock him out of his pensive.
"Oh no! Shit, guys?" He called out over the coms. "Big ugly bird in the hole is dripping some nasty fluid, I'm going to try to contain it." Iron Man warned.
Bucky opened his mouth, no doubt to deliver another litany of awful insults, but Tony beat him to the punch.
“It’s not that simple, the code is much more complicated than I originally thought and at the same time there’s no telling how quickly I would be able to utilize the information.”  Tony replied all to tensely.
Tony was gobsmacked. He absolutely did not know how to proceed. Watching this deadly assassin, Hydra’s dog, their slave, cry so. It tore at him. I mean, sure, he knew that Barnes’s reaction was a feasible possibility but Tony was not expecting his own cascade of odd emotions upon witnessing it. He really felt sorry for the guy.
The one thing Tony could not figure out, was why. Why go through all this? Steve assumed that Calamity wanted them to succeed. Tony was not so sure. Calamity definitely had some ulterior motives going on, but for the life of him, the genius could not even begin to guess what those may be. There was an enormous part of him that really did not want to know.
Before Tony could even comprehend what all that meant the little crystal creature fluttered off of Steve's shoulder and swooped up to lightly tap his forehead.
From what Tony could hear of the commotion, the new wave hit. He took no time hacking into the computer.
“Go on.” He gestured for the children to head back to the basement. He swiftly picked up Becka and followed.
“Ok, inform him about the situation and send him all of the case files and other information I have gathered. Have him get back to me a.s.a.p.”
“No, I’d just carry you.  Come on it’ll be fun.  Oo or you could borrow my spare suit.”  Tony suggested.  Steve couldn’t even begin to wonder how he could manage fitting into one of Tony suits being that he’s almost twice as big as the genius is.  Even if he could miraculously fit he wouldn’t know the first thing about operating it.  Recognizing where Steve minds was, Tony amended.
"I need to be able to infiltrate all five systems at the same time. Then I'll slowly force them to stabilize the gravitational field back into relative spatial wavelengths."
“What I do care about is whether or not he’s treating you right. Which I don’t think Tony Stark is capable of.” He said pointedly.
They got down to working. Ellie looked up every so often getting distracted as he began a rough sketch of the armor in his dreams. Soon enough he descended into the zone. He was completely immersed in the work. The more he drew the more the image became clearer and clearer. It was intoxicating, the kind of mindset he was in. Just the essence of creating and infusing a piece of himself into the page.
“Sir?” Natasha interjected. “We checked all ship wide records. Based on all of the comings and goings of all crew, staff, and agents there is no way she could have gotten on this vessel without some modicum of detection. It is my opinion, Sir, that she had very well appeared here out of thin air.” Fury deliberated for a moment.
Steve stiffened noticeably at that. He shook his head subtly at Tony who was seething and looked ready to pounce.
"Ellie…" He said slowly and warningly. "How many dolls do you have at home?" He asked critically, thinking about the Army of dolls on her shelves. There had to be at least seventy of them.
“All right! Stop fooling around.” Dr. Cho laughed out getting everyone’s attention. “It’s time to begin.”
“You have no idea.” He replied bitterly. “What you’re seeing now is only approximately one one-millionth of it.”
Fury had barged in at this point.  It seemed Xavier was getting him up to speed mentally.  Steve listened intently hoping that perhaps with Logan’s attack he would be able to find out if the alien foe was susceptible to any physical attacks.  Tony was also thinking on a similar wavelength.
‘Hmm fireworks…’ He idly wondered how Steve would feel about this. ‘Definitely pissed off.’ He mused just as he was about to click the last mechanism into place.
“Come on Cap!”  Tony said firmly pulling Steve to his feet, “We need to go see…”  He swallowed thickly. “…Who she took.”
“Thor, you’re up. Iron Man you back him. Torch and Thing, make your way to Dr. Doom. The rest of us will hold ground control and protect the people.”
“God, you’re a self-deprecating idiot. It did matter!” Bucky shouted at him suddenly. “You kept both of us alive, something I wasn’t sure even I was capable of. Maybe this was the best way for things to turn out-”
“Honestly, I’d rather beat you with the chair than even sit in it.” He sighed heavily. “But that isn’t going to help save the world is it?”
Tony went strangely silent for a while as he watched Steve prepare his bed. Steve grew concerned over Tony’s silence and wondered if he had passed out. He looked down to find the genius staring at him. He found the intensity unnerving. He gulped thickly.
There was so much information to absorb it was overwhelming. In my wanderings, it was inevitable that I would encounter life.
Steve couldn’t help to think what a great life this was. He had just eaten a delicious meal prepared by his beautiful wife and now he was listening to his lovely daughter chat about some of the exciting things she was learning in school.
Just as the woeful utterance escaped his bloodied lips the soft soothing hands of sweet nothingness embraced Steve, tenderly pulling him into the wonderful darkness of unconsciousness.
"Mmhmm." She hummed licking her ice cream. "Just keep walking that way. I'll point it out." She said finally.
“Mr. Stark! Our guest does not want to hear your quip so early in the day!” Fury reprimanded fervently as he entered the room behind Tony.
“No! I want to read it! I want to see what you told that rat bastard!” He said easily slipping away from Steve’s reach.
"Soooo… How to go on your end?" He was met with silence as Tony meticulously ignored him, favoring the device in front of him. "Obviously something happened."
“Now, Nat and I on the other hand…” He trailed off mischievously, his words full obvious suggestion. Nat smirked roguishly at Barnes’s implication.
The genius, as obnoxious as he is, is in fact still a genius. That being said everyone trusts his knowledge seriously.
A/N: And another chapter has come and gone. We are on the home stretch now and I can’t wait till we get to the climactic showdown. I cannot wait till the story is finally done and over with and I do hope all of you will be there for the end.
“What the fuck are you waiting for!? Finish him! Kill that son of a bitch!” Harker’s squealing voice rang out.
“Haha Yes, It stood no chance after witnessing the power of the gods.” Thor agreed with a hint of pride.
Reason one was unsurprisingly egotistical. He needed to make sure his hardware was being handled with care and installed correctly. He absolutely could not sit back and let it all happen without him. It’s like having somebody else work on his arc reactor or any of his suits, it just isn’t done.
Bucky told him once a long time ago that the reason he was able to read him so easily was because ‘it all showed in his eyes.’ How long had Tony been observing him to realize such a personal detail?
“Natalia told me the basics, Steve told me more when we were together.” Barnes replied. “Like how you have only a 0.5% chance of figuring this code out.” He said gesturing to the monitor.
Just when he thought his heart could not break anymore than it already has that imaginary knife buried deep within his chest had been given another twist as he looked down at the face of none other than James Buchanan Barnes. The face of his best friend that he has known his whole life. His brother that he thought was dead.
"Because," he began again. "If Tony and I really had a daughter, her name would be Sarah!" He declared with finality.
Tony emitted a long-suffering sigh. It's true that in this there was one last thing to not have regrets over. If he could go back and redo that moment with Steve, he'd likely play it out the same. (Maybe with less tears preferably.) But that doesn't fix the fact that there are a thousand more things that he was going to forever regret.
“I’m not saying we don’t do anything.  All I’m saying is we must prepare for the fact that any one of us could be next.”  Bruce retorted.
“Vengeance, Stark! When is it anything but vengeance?? The Captain killed Harker and making you kill him in return is nothing but poetic.” He sneered again.
“Listen, there is a sub floor that opens. The warehouse itself is a front. I know the code to get in, there are…” Steve paused taking out a rough schematic of the building he drew up. “Only five security cameras. Two here and three here. We can definitely bypass these three easily. However, these two will be tougher.”
They stood there an awkward silence for a moment just sort of sizing each other up in a way.  Until Tony spoke up,
“You did. For decades you are as good as dead.” He retorted in a hard whisper. “It irritates me how selflessly suicidal you are.” Bucky sighed.
Bucky turned back to the computer where he was sifting through the files. He brought up a blank page and began to type with his right hand. Tony sidled up behind him and watched with intense interest. The others sprang from their seats and joined them.
However she could not flee easily, she was stranded amongst hot rubble and debris. Clint was too far to reach her in time.
Steve smiled warmly as he watched Tony prepare whatever it was he was excited to show. He watched as Tony cleared off the platform that had various devices located at what he assumed were key points. He noticed Dumm-E in the corner of the room with a fire extinguisher handy. Steve learned a long time ago that he should be mildly concerned when Dumm-E was on fire control.
Tony gave him his last warning in code. Clint knew it to mean ‘get the hell out, I’m going to blow skyhigh.’
“Yes, according to my father Asgard managed to rescue a little over 600 individuals from the Calamity upon the planet Körga. They were safely relocated to varying parts of the universe in many different realms. They all fell within a month. Each one, one by one.” Thor stated attempting to remain stoic.
Her soft smile twisted into a wicked and feral grin.  “I did it to keep you guessing.  Your archer was quite right in assuming that I wanted it to rile you up.  But you, my love, managed to quell the hysteria up before it could even start.  You ruined my fun.”  She admitted with a pout.
“What a fire cracker! I can see why her husband is such a jumpy fellow.” Tony said mostly to himself.
Clint and Natasha started to discuss what there were going to be doing. Director Nick Fury looked around the table of unruly misfits; they’ll figure it all out. Xavier smiled and agreed with Fury’s thoughts. If anyone had the capability of figuring all of this out it was them.
Bucky turned abruptly and began to limp back to the elevator as fast as his broken body would allow. That was until he heard a whole cluster fuck of shouting.
Tony looked at Steve, anticipating perhaps more insight on the cases. Steve eagerly awaited Bruce's arrival also in hopes of receiving new information.
“Actualy I’d Like to know. Professor, were you able to in fact see who or what did take out victims 66, 67, and 68?” The genius inquired with pronounced attitude.
“Stay still my friend, you are greatly injured.” Told him in a deep soothing voice. Steve looked up at his alien friend for a moment. Alien friend, now there’s a thought. Thor was smiling openly at him, apparently happy Steve was going to be ok.
Steve saw everything before him in slow motion. His mind working in overdrive. He finally regained his bearings and made a petrifying realization. He alerted Black Widow at once.
Tony was casually dressed, donning a light dark gray sweater shirt, deep blue jeans and a pair of chucks. His hair was just the right amount of messy, he was absolutely stunning.
He stared at her shocked. He had no idea what she was talking about. He shook his head. He tried to think back. He couldn’t think of where Steve had come to that conclusion unless Calamity had tricked him somehow.
After several weeks of getting nowhere, Tony had nearly broken down on numerous occasions and used Steve’s stupid method of asking for Calamity to come talk to him directly. But he decided that if he ever saw a glimpse of her face he’d send his entire arsenal after her, knowing it wouldn’t do a damn thing.
“You were arrested in times square in 2005 new years eve for indecent exposure??” He asked utterly bemused instead.
As he approached closer he recognized one of the bots amongst the darkness using his shield he swiftly dismantled it with his own style and flair.  That leaves one more.  He gingerly made his way downstairs on high alert.  Surely the final bot had heard the commotion.
It had been close to a week since the incident in San Jose but the wound looks as if he had received it not hours ago. It’s not healing. Which is even more concerning considering Steve’s super soldier status.
Upon arrival Tony wanted to vomit. Dead citizens lined the streets. There were more than fifty innocent people dead and hundreds more injured from the look of it.
Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes is a war hero. He served diligently and loyally by Captain America’s side. He fought hard with valor in the war against Hydra and ultimately lost his life to the cause. Only, he didn’t really die. Hydra found his broken body and manipulated him to their own nefarious purposes. They mutilated his body and warped and fractured his mind. And yet somewhere, someway, somehow, his very soul remained intact. Now a man with a broken body and even more broken mind, still feels regret, sorrow and guilt despite the last seventy odd years of purdition. In the end, he was a good man, no matter how hard they tried, Hydra could not break him of that.
He then applied those feelings to Barnes. Keeping in mind everything Clint conveyed to him and all his own morbid conditions of what could have been, he put together and regarded Barnes’s situation. All too suddenly the feelings he got after reading through what he could of the Journal came crashing back to him. In the end, he really felt sorry for the guy.
“We have a completely alternate OS whose primary purpose is detecting any altercation, invasion, or tamperment. It has detected and kept a full record of the last thirty six times Stark hacked in to our secure main frame and servers.”   Natasha answered shifting her sight on Tony.
Steve turned his head slowly to face Tony. He winced minutely at the effort. From what he was able to see from his painful position, Tony was furious. His brow was pinched in anger and his mouth was caught somewhere between a sneer and a grimace.
"Hey Babydoll? What was I saying before?" He asked. He had the strangest feeling that he was interrogating her.
“Holy shit it’s purple.  When you said prickly pear I was imagining something green or brown but that is a bright ass purple.”  Tony stated in awe.
“Uh, Let’s get back to that later… or never… *cough* So? Where are we?” Tony replied quickly looking rapidly between each doctor.
One of the agents managed to loop an electric subjugation wire around Bucky’s neck as he made to dodge another War Machine attack. The wire stopped him in his tracks and he screamed out with wretched abandon. The scream ripped through Steve’s heart like a lightning bolt made of demonic fury. The Captain was in such excruciating pain and despite that he began to struggle again.
Thor had returned shortly after and regretted to inform them of no new information. After he had discussed the fate of the planet Trëyía with his father, they were rather forlorn to admit that if there had been any evidence or clues of Calamity on Trëyía it was destroyed during Asgard’s invasion against the Miigs. That is of course if the Miigs hadn’t destroyed the evidence themselves in their pursuit of plundering the planet’s riches. All in all it was really such a shame, the whole situation.
“I never saw it that way! So, if you’re willing to see an alternative way of seeing things then good things may come out of unexpected places too!”
Tony shuddered. It was likely the latter. From what Tony had gathered the Rhododendron was hell bent on revenge. Graham believed Steve killed Harker and because the good Captain was far out of his reach he was aiming for the next best thing, Tony Stark, Captain America's assumed lover.
A little while later the X-Men followed by a conscious Fury along with Darcy, Eric and Betty joined the Avengers to brainstorm.
He marveled at how much that jerk could inspire some of the most extreme emotions in him without even trying.  One minute Tony could make him incredibly happy, the next terribly annoyed.  He can go from utterly confused to deeply enraged in 2.5 seconds because of Tony.  And now, somehow, that bastard has accomplished to make Steve feel all of them at once and so much more.
Darcy and Scott Lang were utterly confused but shakingly complied quick enough.  Thor held Jane close as he ushered her away, she shook her head sadly.  Rhodey and Sam lingered for a moment wholly troubled before continuing on after Xavier’s gentle probing.  Ben trudged out slowly waiting for Johnny who had also lingered for a time.
Being a legendary super soldier has its perks as if you didn’t know. In His profound military and martial arts training, experience in extreme battle conditions and on the brutal front lines, Steve has developed the innate ability to perceive the dangerous nefarious intentions of men of the villainous nature. In short he gets a hunch when bad people are doing bad things. And in the altered cliché phrasing of a web slinging ally “His baddie sense is tingling.” Steve firmly believes that someone is behind the unexplainable cases; someone with heinous intentions. Thus his brisk walk to Tony’s lab where he knows the genius is hiding in which Steve hopes of finding a good set of ears to voice his concerns to.
He did not know. Steve turned the page then began the sketch anew, this time testing himself to see if he could really picture the man without those odd sunglasses on.
“How does it feel, Stark?! Bwahaha!” Rhododendron called out. “To attack your own team? What would the good Captain think of you now?” He laughed and sneered.
Please, don’t forget to drop a review after you’re done reading and let me know what you think. I apologize for any and all errors. Without any further ado, on with the show!
“Assuming everything she told us it’s the truth, all that drive contains is a more accurate data code to the one Tony had been working on. We won’t know to what value it could be to us if we don’t plug it in. She may have handed as the trump card and is waiting to see if we use it or throw it away. She did say that this is a test.” Steve concluded.
A/N: How did you like this one? Leave me a review and let me know. I definitely cried while writing the last few pages of this one. There are tears stains in my notebook where the ink bled and smeared. Not that much further to go now. The only real question left to be answered now is how will this all come to an end. Will this story have a happy ending or will it end in bittersweet melancholy. Only one way to find out.
"Oh no!" The orderly said quickly. "Please, Captain Rogers, it's no trouble at all." He said picking up the last of the pieces. "See, all done." He smiled as he began walking away.
His heart pulsed again and he clutched the fabric and flesh over his chest painfully. He could feel it, his heart was stopping.
This gave Tony pause again. He had to forcibly stop himself from barking out a yes. He hated himself in nearly falling for it. It was practically the same deal dressed up. Both deals ended the same way, she wins and gets all or most souls on earth. Then it truly dawned on him, if he bargained his soul now, everyone was going to die, he was the only person in the world that could decipher the code and use it to stop her. Who was he to even think about bargaining with the lives of innocent people?
“Bullshit! You say you love him but you couldn’t protect him from her. You’re the whole reason she got what she wanted in the first place.” The Soldier accused.
Tony wanted to punch the guy in the face. Really, who does he think he is? Scaring the shit out of Tony (almost literally) and making him spill his coffee no less. But then Tony saw the spark of fear that flashed over the eyes of the soldier and Tony remembered exactly who he was dealing with and that he should very much proceed with caution, so the genius sighed then decidedly punched him in the arm instead.
He squeezed the bridge of his nose forcing his emotions back.  Despite having a better day than he’s had in awhile his heart was still so raw after everything.  He just didn’t know any more.  He felt like coming out of the ice all over again and he hated it.
Steve was beside himself with shock, shame and a growing wave of self-loathing. He shrank in on himself as the full weight of what he had bartered away fully registered in his mind.
For the next hour they subtly watched Fury as he went about the room talking to people pleasantly. Tony said that that in of itself was suspicious. He did not consume any alcohol in the time that they were watching him but that didn’t really mean anything.
“As of this moment 73 victims have been reported. The media is calling it a viral epidemic however we know that is not the case.”
It was no further than he'd gotten yesterday. He turned the page back to compare. Well, the beard was a bit more defined, but that was all.
"My dear Graham," she began as she caressed his cheek. "You have not learned the lesson I have left for you to learn." She gently removed his shattered pink aviators and tossed them aside.
Barnes glanced at him sideways, wearily. He shook his head, “so what’s the plan now, will you gain control of the doom bots?”
"It is, now I've got a question for you. You said you can't remember anything since the war, what exactly was the last thing you remember?"
After Jarvis launched another onslaught to that ridiculous bunny, who kept squealing and cackling, and another round at the birds within range, Captain America- Barnes landed deftly next to Iron Man.
He got the impression that she was the all-knowing and all-seeing type. So he hoped uttering his plea once was enough. He absently rubbed the markings on his wrist. He looked around but he was still alone. He turned to head back to his nest only to find it already occupied. Calamity sat upon his blanket examining his shield.
He looked around him again and noticed he was no longer in the hospital but in Tony's Malibu mansion.
Everyone stared at Thor with desperate anticipation. All hoping beyond hope that this situation isn’t as desolate as that simple little statement suggests.
His eyes flashed. “I’m sorry my personal crisis is making your life so fucking difficult!” He spat out.
“Really?” Tony demanded incredulously. “You know what a fucking dildo is but you don’t know what a Lego is?”
“It’s okay Tony; I guess a lot of us are like that.  Wanting it to be better for our kids than what we had it."
“Yes, I am aware, and I have been told numerous times that my humor is shit. But listen,” he said as he picked up a small device off of the table. “I need you to try this out.”
He hit the ground hard and tried his best to roll away from the rapidly advancing soldier. During his re
He clipped the last wire into place and inputted the last command. Now he just needed to sync it to the other distorters.
As she lightly traced the delicate and colorful paint job, Steve chuckled lightheartedly at her now calm and appreciative demeanor.
“OK, I had received an alert from Jarvis about an hour ago stating that my connective algorithm worked.  Jarvis found something connecting all of the victims together.  I went through all the files and discovered why it had taken so long to find a connection.  To understand that you all must know what the connection is.”  Tony paused for dramatic effect looking up on the various faces of his teammates.
“There is no way in hell I’m going down without a fight, I’ve got people counting on me!” Clint stated firmly his thoughts straying for a sliver of a moment to his beautiful little family.
That headache was back more fierce than ever.  Because of his enhanced metabolism taking painkillers has become literally a thing of the past.  Seriously, a normal dose would do diddley squat and three hundred more doses on top of that would barely scratch the surface.
Hearing Tony’s viewpoint on the issue was helping Steve to calm down tremendously. Tony pulled up other schematics on the computer.
Tony please, no matter what happens please don’t stop looking for the way to stop Calamity. I am 100% confident you can stop her as long as you keep trying. I know it seems hopeless. I know a 0.5% is a tiny window but if I am capable of surprising her then you, the most hardheaded and unpredictable person I know, definitely can too. You will beat her, Tony, I know it! Please don’t give up.
Fury was cut off by Tony’s phone that started to beep alarmingly at an increasingly louder faster rate. Then Tony started to look awfully stricken. Everyone’s attention was on Tony now.
“True, but they have a delayed protocol for the motion sensors. They have to thoroughly check the cameras before they are allowed to engage. Kids and transients find a way in all the time. They can’t dispatch agents for every little cat or rat that scurries by. It’s a broken system, they are banking on the fact that no one really knows of nor desires its contents. No one has yet.”
I know that this letter won’t reach you in time to really make a difference but for what it’s worth I’m truly sorry for the unforgivable measures I took to escape the way I did. I never really wanted to leave you or the others, Tony. Not like that. I hope one day you could forgive me.
“Okay. You may have already noticed your current pain muted somewhat.” Bucky nodded slightly in affirmation.
What they heard would become a truly hellish nightmare they would never forget.  Their team was screaming in anguish.  All of them.  Hot tears sprang to his eyes when he recognized Tony’s voice through the torrent of screams.
Tony and Bruce went straight to the machines that were monitoring and tracking the patient’s heart and brain activities along with various other vitals. Natasha and Clint were talking to potential witnesses. Xavier was also gathering information in his own way. Steve stood out of the way surveying the room, looking out for anything or anyone out of place.
"I am fully aware of that, love." She said regretfully. "It is one of the reasons why I chose you." She admitted.
Tony came up to him and started to look him over. Steve flinched. All he wanted to do was hurl the genius across the room and keep him from touching him. Especially knowing what Tony had just been doing.
The moment he was away from the hustle and bustle of the busy downtown area he broke out into a run. He ran like his very life depended on it. He barely slowed down when he hit his property. He bypassed the house altogether and went straight for the barn. He ripped the door open in one swift movement, nearly tearing it from the hinges. He darted inside going straight for his studio.
"Indeed." She chuckled. "Many races across the universe usually depict Yggdrasil as a great tree because through years of observation she seems to be constantly branching out forever across the cosmos. Yet, she is so much more complex than that. It's difficult for me to find words you will understand, forgive me."
“I know of the Directors true fate.  You wish you could tell the rest of your team that all’s well.”
“I agree with him, Steve. If you already know the crazy lady set this up, you should avoid it.” Scott said tapping his ear.
He heard her pad away and let out a breath of relief when he heard their bedroom door shut. He did not mean to be so harsh with her but he was absolutely mortified with himself.
This wasn’t like the compound. Avengers tower was infinitely more secure because this was where Tony housed a lot of his developing projects. Not just anyone could walk or hack their way through here. This was Tony’s domain; he’d have to get extra crafty if he wanted to find a way out of there. Tony even revoked all of Steve’s clearances and overrides.
He remained looking at the door for a moment contemplating the fiery doctor before looking towards Steve and Thor only to find them looking at him strangely.
The fallen agents were aboard the helicarrier doing their jobs, and then suddenly they fainted. Only when they arrived at the sick bay did the physicians figure out what they were dealing with. That it was in fact the mysterious illness that was plaguing over seventy people.
"What? You mean besides the Iron Legion down for the count!?" Tony replied with snark and annoyance.
Natasha pulled up the video footages of Fury’s insane car accident.  Apparently someone was trying to assassinate him.
“That wasn’t funny!  If you do that again I’m going to murder you in your sleep!”  Steve shouted back with a hint of laughter and his own voice.
They were finally getting somewhere. The others were also starting to feel a modicum of hope in this hectic mystery.
Steve nodded in silence trying to stifle his own yawn as they were getting closer to the quarters.  Tired and exhausted were written on Steve face also.
Tony began to deepen the kiss. Steve wondered how could he feel numb and on fire all at once as his tongue slid languidly against the genius’s? The knowledge of just where Tony’s mouth had just been not long ago made this all the more acrimonious. He slid his hand through Tony’s dark hair and clutched the back of his head to deepen the kiss further. This action elicited a desperate moan from the genius.
Steve subtly reached for his left wrist where the marking was still very prominent but all he saw when he looked down was that Tony still had a firm grip on his hand.
“Dr. Doom has been engaged, the bots are thinned, I need to pull my unit for a ring formation. I want unit two to take over evac.”
It didn’t help one bit that he hadn’t been eating either. He groaned miserably as he rolled back over and began to wrap himself up in his blankets making himself into a Tony burrito. He concentrated on his breathing until it resembled something moderately akin to steady. He sighed restlessly when he realized there was no chance in hell he was getting back to sleep. He wiggled his way to the other side of the bed and begrudgingly hauled himself to his feet, blankets and all, and began to make his way to his workshop.
“God, why do you have to be such a buzz kill, Nat.” Tony drawled. “It’ll be fine, nothing has happened yet.”
Tony caught up to Steve in no time.  Of course the Captain was as cool as a cucumber just diving through the air as if he was made for it.  Tony flew down below Steve so the Captain could land on his back.  As soon as Steve was secure on Ironman’s back he whacked Tony on the back of his head with his shield.
Steve shook himself out of his reverie and quickly jotted down his thoughts into a sketchbook that he used as a journal. After he had finished writing he had gone back and looked at what he had written before.
Tony sighed. His weapons and defensive products were to protect the men and women who volunteered to go out on the front lines and here, someone with a homemade bomb could still get to them.
He yanked open the door to find a young man he’d possibly seen around campus, though much more disheveled and shirtless now.
"You'd still date me… you're still willing to have sex with me just to keep people from knowing that you prefer fucking Tony?" Sharon scoffed, "How much can you really love him if you can't even be honest about who you really are?"
Bucky brightened at the sight of the lovely redhead. She carried with her a bag of takeout boxes and the smell of food.
“Steven Rogers.” As Carson called out, Tony eyed the doorway to affirm and sure enough, there he was.
"Hi, beautiful,” Tony ground the heel of his hand to his eyes, too tired to ignore the call and face her wrath later. Better to get it over with now. “To what do I owe the pleasure?"
Steve looked up and met Tony’s eyes, sucking in a startled breath at the shock of Tony watching him. Tony flashed his teeth, too wide to be considered polite, and stood up.
Stuck in a tin can… the sounds of the ice shifting was… very loud sometimes. I'd wake up… long enough to realize, i think, maybe… just a few times. Wake up and hear the ice. It crawled against the side of the plane like nails across a chalkboard. Slowly. I’d remember. Remember where I was. No one around.
"That's how relationships go." Steve sat up, crossing his arms over his chest. "If we had been dating all this time and I refused to have sex with you, you'd have thought it was weird or just dumped me. So Tony and I agreed that I should let our relationship move… naturally, to allay any suspicion."
The man took a deep breath, “Yes.” He cleared his throat; much like Tony did and attempted a smile aimed at Steve, “Steve. It’s been a- a long time.”
“I’m sorry.” Tony said, his tone impassive despite his racing thoughts, “I’m going to have to touch them again.”
Sharon didn't reply. She refused to surrender the elevator and leave but she didn't have to make nice with Tony either.
Tony surged forward, his hand out to shake Steve's, "It's alright. I heard about the accident on the freeway and assumed you were stuck in it. I'm Tony Stark, by the way, I'll be standing in for Dr. Edwards."
For a moment, Tony thought Steve was going to refuse again but then Steve lifted his hands and began to unbutton his shirt. As Steve finished pulling it off, Tony held out his hand, “Let me get that for you. Oh– I’ve got a hanger in my office. Just a sec.”
"I'm good, Ru, thanks. I'm very happy where I'm at. Is there a reason for this call or did you just want to insult my life choices?"
When he was a child, Howard’s stories and the piles of newsreels and propaganda films he’d amassed enveloped Tony’s imagination. Captain America was a hero - a real life hero!
Tony didn’t think the man would get violent with him but then again, he argued with himself, the man was a
Sharon shivered, "That's not what I asked. Why- why did you have sex with me and- we were talking about moving in together."
But no. Sharon knew who it was. She thought maybe she'd always known who Steve could cheat on her with. She hadn't wanted to dwell on the idea that Steve Rogers could cheat on her, but the thought had occurred to her long before she crept quietly into his apartment that night.
When Sharon walked into Steve's apartment, intent on surprising him, she hadn't immediately heard anything. It wasn't until she drew closer to his bedroom that she could hear soft music and moaning.
Tony assured Steve they were on the lookout for any potentially serious issues and invited him to the exam room.
At seeing Tony the man's face cycled through several emotions: shock, unease, and something like desire among them. He went pink and his voice caught in his throat, issuing a soft noise that he probably wasn't even aware he'd made.
Steve was all smiles and warm hugs when Sharon entered his apartment, "Did you just get into town? I thought I was expecting you a few days ago."
Tony couldn’t help but feel a little intimidated by the man sleeping soundly in the bed sitting in the room attached to the bathroom he currently stood in. Even sleeping and stretched out Steve Rogers struck an imposing figure.
One wrong move and Steve may have been hesitant enough to run but from the outraged look on his face, Tony didn’t think Steve was thinking about anything other than the orgasm that was denied to him.
“No, I-“ Tony lifted his chin to find Steve striding towards him, one hand extended as if to grab him.
Their moaning rose and now, when she focused beyond the music, Sharon could hear the slap of skin on skin.
She remembered seeing Howard Stark's Captain America memorabilia and how Tony's face lit up when he spoke about his childhood hero.
Steve gave her a small smile, "I do love you, Sharon. You're wonderful. You're one of my dearest friends."
Steve Rogers was already so flustered just at the sight of Tony. He couldn't wait to get him laid out on his table. Tony knew he was going to make him really squirm.
“Were you fooled for a second? I’ve seen photos of Mr Stark in the 40s and Tony can’t grow a mustache.” Rhodey smirked.
"Sure." Steve shrugged, "Maybe some folks would even believe you. 'Captain America's ex-girlfriend, Shield secret agent tells all!'"
“Christ, no- things are much different now. You can go to a very nice psychiatrist. Nice clean office with a comfortable chair and talk to someone who understands what stress and trauma does to people and how to help.” Steve frowned.
"Why don't you tell me what's going on. The nurse mentioned hot flashes and excessive slick production, is that right?"
“That’s even more incriminating!” Steve put his hands on his hips, “Howard doesn’t have a kid – he’s not even married!”
At that admission, Steve shifted beneath him and Tony could swear he saw the omega’s cock jump beneath the sheet covering his lap. When Tony turned his head, Steve made a whining sound, gasping out, “Don’t look!” as his body attempted to jackknife- his knees going up and his thighs clenching closed.
Tony repeated the action again, and then again. Steve’s reactions grew more and more desperate and when the man’s hands thrashed against the tent his cock made of the sheet on his lap, Tony lifted his hands.
Tony couldn’t help but note that, according to those stories, he and Captain America held a few similarities. They both held a rebellious streak a mile wide.
upset though.” The young man rubbed his hand over his face and beckoned Tony to follow him, leading him downstairs to the RA’s quarters where the only phone could be found in the dorms.
Had he always been like this? She'd always known Steve to be good-natured and friendly, even something of a goofball beneath the cowl. Was he that good of an actor that he could hide such a cold and calculating demeanor from her?
Tony shaved his chin of the few hairs that were sprouting into what, he had hoped, would have been a respectable beard. Judging by the look his father cast his way when he arrived, however Tony was forced to assume the beard was a failure.
When he appeared in the kitchen, Pepper was munching on an everything bagel and scrolling through her phone, “Today Natalie is in charge of you, Tony.”
“Yeah, yeah.” Tony pushed back his chair from the table and left the room, his hair still standing in an impressive act of defying gravity.
Jarvis blinked at the three young men’s identical looks of confusion, “It’s not a bad thing! No kind of life-endangerment. Hurry along now.”
Tony immediately thought of Rhodey, “Well, I’ll just have to make sure he and Steve are never in the same room together! Or you. Especially you. I can’t imagine how terrifying seeing you and Rhodey working together would be.”
Tony elbowed the other young man and the two began jabbing at each other with their elbows only, “Sorry, Cap, I didn’t realize Rhodey would be so uncivilized!”
“I’m so sorry.” He whispered and Tony sighed. If only every Omega Tony slept with was so responsive to him.
“Why don’t we head into the back and get started? No need to keep either of us here any later than necessary.”Just before Tony turned away, he caught a glimpse of Steve’s contrite face. He smirked as Steve apologized again for his tardiness.
Tony giggled and then moaned softly, "Oh, that's good. I like that. Mm, Steve. Okay, okay, I'll give her that. She has better tits than me. But be honest, I give way better head. No one sucks dick like me."
Steve quirked his lips up into a brief smile, “Who knows, maybe I’m supposed to be here.” he sighed, “Still, I shouldn’t have dumped that on you.”
Steve’s heart thudded in his chest. He nodded miserably and began to move with a sound of damp paper sliding on leather. Steve turned an even deeper shade of red and settled onto his back. A splendid erection stood proudly beneath the sheet over his lap.
," Rumiko elongated the last syllable, her voice going plaintive and sweet, "I miss you, baby. I miss your big fat knot deep inside my pussy. You hit all the right spots. I get so wet remembering your perfect knot and how you taste. You know you're a much better lover than Ty."
“No. Look, that… kind of stuff happened in the 40s too - I was in the Army. Not a whole bunch of women around and guys got lonely. Wasn’t something you talked about in polite company but it was what it was. It’s just- strange to see it so out in the open. Movies, general conversation.
It certainly didn’t help that Howard seemed to assume, because Tony wasn’t the spitting image of Steve Rogers in body and personality, that the young man was a failure.
Merely a myth, Tony knew and yet… the idea had its merits. After all, no one could guess when they'd meet a truly compatible mate and with the millions of doctors and millions of omegas in the world, it seemed reasonable that two would pair up after meeting during an exam. Getting Steve Rogers on his table and then watching the mind-meltingly hot man go into heat right there,
Tony tucked his phone back into his coat pocket and tilted his head, regarding her curiously, "Is that what you think?"
Steve, however, looked as though he was warring between curling up in horror or breaking free from Tony’s hands and running, bare-ass naked, out of the exam room. Neither option won out, however, because Steve seemed to realize his ass was exposed and dropped his knees to the exam table. He yanked the sheet over his lap— a pitiful attempt at hiding the proud erection that now tented the paper sheet above it. He kept his eyes firmly fixed away from Tony’s.
“You really shouldn’t worry so much, Steve. As far as embarrassing behavior goes, you’re not even in the running for first place.” Tony chatted amiably as he watched Steve’s nipples impressively harden even more.
“You should talk to someone though. You can talk to me, I- uh, I didn’t mean to freak out. But maybe a professional?”
“There was a blackout before you arrived and I was going to check the machine. I know it’s unorthodox but would you mind if I stayed in the room while you undressed so I can boot it up and input your info? It’ll save us a lot of time.”
The two stared at each other for a long moment before Tony spoke up, the words spoken as though they were carefully chosen, “Are we- sharing dreams?”
He looked away from Steve, shrugging, “Nothing some good communication and listening couldn't help but neither one of us are too good at the listening part.”
Jarvis retrieved a bulky mobile phone from his coat pocket, “Excuse me, gentlemen. Mr. Stark only calls for emergencies.”
“All I’m sayin and Clint… kinda, is that there’s nothing wrong with seeing how things work out. If it doesn’t, oh well, at least you tried. But if it does work out and you two end up getting married and raising a mountain of babies together, Steve, that would be amazing.” Sam clapped a hand on Steve’s shoulder, “The man has a private plane. Do you know what we could do in a private plane?”
“I’m sorry, you’ve got to be freezing. You don’t have to take the scrubs but you might consider removing your shirt. You’ll never warm up in that wet shirt. I’d raise the temperature for you, but the thermostat is locked thanks to the infamous summer of 2018.”
Steve opened his mouth and Tony stepped in close to peer in. Close enough to feel the warmth of Steve’s breath on his face. Everything looked good, Tony noted. He put the penlight away and again, reached for Steve’s neck, his hands down. As soon as he touched Steve’s gland, the omega hissed and jerked away.
They sat in silence for what felt like hours before Tony’s heart stopped feeling as though it would explode out of his chest.
Tony's eyes widened. His father told him how they had found Steve trapped in Red Skull’s plane, buried within tons of ice.
Tony laughed in spite of himself, “Why would you be sorry? You’re the guy that’s supposed to be here.” He shook Bucky’s hand and gestured to the chair sitting before the desk.
went, at first, because dear ole Dad thought it might help my- well… Dad and I have a less-than-stellar relationship...”
The truth washed over her like ice cold water: her straight arrow, plain vanilla boyfriend was in bed with someone else.
“Uh oh,” Tony said, “someone pee on you again?” Dr. Edwards and his assistant both laughed, exchanging a knowing look between them.
Steve smiled coldly at her, "Go ahead and see how far it gets you and your career. You're supposed to be good at keeping secrets, aren't you? Up until it hurts your feelings. Besides, who do you think people are going to believe? The jilted ex-girlfriend or Captain America?"
“So, I don’t know if you’d be interested, but we have spare scrubs laying around. You’re welcome to them if you’d like to get into something dry and just bring them back to the clinic when you’ve got a chance.” Tony said in an offhand manner.
“That’s–that’s never happened to me before.” Steve looked down at his own chest as if to make sure Tony wasn’t still touching him.
With no time to think too hard about what he’d do with Steve’s briefs, Tony grabbed a hanger from behind his door, and after rubbing Steve’s shirt on his own mating gland a few times and across his chest, he hung the shirt and returned to Steve’s room.
It wasn't that she hated him. They had simply never been close. But sometimes she resented him. He was a genius, she knew that, and his status as a child prodigy seemed to alleviate him above all others.
Steve sighed, "Tony thought it would be easier to keep up appearances if I had a steady girlfriend and he maintained his playboy lifestyle. You're beautiful and together we make a very lovely couple. Exactly what the media wants to see from me."
would blame Tony for corrupting me." Steve rolled his eyes at this notion, "His profits would nosedive. It just isn't feasible right now."
He'd met a few patients who had dealt with similar issues. Some had root causes like stress or lack of sleep. Tony had heard of heats occurring because a compatible mate had been found. Tony had even heard stories of patients marrying their doctor after going into heat on their table but stories like that tended to be myths passed around. Something that happened to someone's cousin's mailman's ex-step-grandmother.
“Oh, I rode him about Bucky all the time. I thought James was a perfectly good name - better than Steve anyway and here he was goin’ around tellin’ everyone, ‘Call me Bucky!’” Steve laughed again, his Brooklyn accent slipping through.
No matter what sort of trouble he caused, there were always people willing to run to his defense. Her Aunt Peggy included.
Steve was still sitting up but his head was hanging, chin to chest and Tony figured that would be a good way to wake up with a sore neck.
realize my Dad’s been searching for him ever since then? And it’s been 46 years? Read a book sometime.”
"We all do what we have to," he'd told her once when she brought up their varied schedules and asked if it bothered him.
"Gotta say, you're doing a shit job of convincing me here, Ru." Tony's finger hovered over the disconnect button, "sorry, I'm wiped from work. Not gonna happen."
“Oh– yes! Test results for Ms. Brown, ok - thanks for letting me know, I wanted to look those over before the end of the day.” His MA stepped away and Tony looked back at the counter but the Adonis had already stepped away and was seated in the waiting room.
“I’m not Hydra! They were finished after the war. After you- disappeared. We’re in New York City. It’s been-“ Tony paused, gritting his teeth.
He held the shield against the door. In a moment what sounded like an explosion went off. The percussion of the device shattered the windows and blew back any loose furniture.
The nearest post office was an hour away from their location on foot. They weaved through the back streets avoiding heavy traffic areas. All it would take was one surveillance video, one cell phone to capture their image and Tony and Shield would instantly know where they were. They were dressed inconspicuously and Wanda had the capacity to alter perception to an extent. But she couldn’t alter technology, however. Pietro was good at spotting cameras and quickly altering their viewpoint before they could capture the rest of the group on film. Steve knew once he hit the post office he would not be able to hide from all of the surveillance considering it was a federal building but he had to send the package right to ensure it got to the tower properly. It was a risk worth taking.
It’s too late now. Even if he alerted them now they would never get to the Raft in time. He was on his own. Tony was pulled from his thoughts at the sound of a sharp intake of air as Bucky hit the floor. The genius turned around quickly to find the soldier slumped against the wall.
“So this is basically global? Every single person is at risk?” Bruce queried, all the while trying to ignore the hulk thumping in the back of his mind.
A/N: Welcome back my adorable earthlings! I have returned to bring yet another chapter for you all. Did you all watch Endgame yet? Don't worry there are no spoilers here. Don't forget to leave me a review at the end after you're done reading.
He slowly turned his head, immensely reluctant to stop viewing the heart monitor, to find Dr. Hank McCoy with a relieved expression on his face, standing in the doorway.  He came all the way in to check the monitors.
“Yeah! You should draw with me Daddy!” She exclaimed. “I’m going to draw Rocky again and do it the way you taught me!”
He was a bit surprised at himself. He didn’t expect to be so forward. It’s just so ridiculously amazing that he could do something like that, freely and on a whim even. Without so much as a repercussion like a slap in the face or an air of revulsion. It was just instincts, something pure yet passionate. He loved her so much.
Before any could reply or demand an explanation the screen went dark and Thor was gone.  They stood in deafening silence.  So Thor may know what is happening but if he’s right then there would be no way to help the victims?  No, it cannot end like that.
The effect was instantaneous. Bucky sat up ramrod straight and screamed. Tony scrambled away swiftly but continued to watch the soldier like a hawk. Just as quickly as he sprang up, Bucky melted down into the chair with dismal abandon. He groaned deeply then began to breathe heavily. Tears flowed freely down his cheeks now. Tony approached cautiously.
Calamity’s response to that was to run her hands along Steve’s clavicle and down his strong chest. Tony’s ire did not go unnoticed by anyone.
The cruel irony did not escape him that Steve needed the device for the program to work, yet, it definitely would not yield the results it would to the others. He procrastinated on setting the device on Steve for so long, not just because of this cruel irony, but also because the moment he set the device to activate the countdown, it would also be the moment that Tony was meant to say goodbye. And that was something that he truly was not ready to do.
They all felt it, deep to the core of their bones… There was no possibility… They did not stand the chance in hell. It was a red sky morning.
Hours had passed in a flash. When Tony had gotten back to his lab he had gone straight to work. He created program after program an attempt to solve the puzzle, but to no avail. It was digital complexity at his finest. There was no way he was going to solve it without the proper key. It was a massive digital mess. Petabytes of ones and zeros and without the right key or program to read it there was no way to figure out how to actually use it to create a device to reverse Calamity’s effects.
The repair job was wonky but holding. His suit’s performance was subpar but at least it was enough to get Steve out of there… He hoped.
“You’re the one who told me that when my head was clear enough to remember my ABCs and 123s I should come to you, or did you forget, dumbass?”
Bucky glared at him before unceremoniously plopping down in the seat. He let out a shuddering breath of relief when nothing unexpected happened.
“Oh I don’t know,” He started sarcastically. “How about checking to see if you were working on a way to fix this whole mess or if you were wallowing in self misery! Because people are freaking out out there and you’re in here… What? Getting plastered?!” He shouted kicking the empty scotch bottle across the room. Tony winced at his tone not expecting claim to be so harsh.
“I know what he meant to you, Tony. Even if you felt you couldn’t tell me, I knew. I’m sorry everything happened the way it did but you gotta pull yourself together. A lot of people are counting on you.” She sighed again before leaving him alone.
A/N: Woot, I’m glad that one’s over now. How did you all like it? Sorry to say but updates are going to be pretty much when I get around to it. Sorry. I tried to do the whole update weekly thing but work demands my time more. Sad face.
“Come on, Tony. How is it that if Steve felt like this, did it all go to hell? What did you do?” Clint supplied.
He was about to curse himself before he felt a brush of sensation on his right hand. He looked down to see little Becka grabbed his large hand with her tiny one. She looked up at him with eyes full of hope. He smiled tenderly at her and realized the other children were just behind her also immensely hopeful despite their fear.
I did not know who I was, where I was, or why I was for that matter. All I knew was that I was. And for a time that was enough for me.
As soon as he was convinced none of them were about to do something drastic like commit suicide or murder, he found himself on the roof looking at the vast cityscape.  The sunset was giving it an ethereal glow.  He only tore his eyes away from the horizon after the sun had completely set.  With the last of the visible light he looked out at the surrounding land of the compound.  It was still noticeably scarred from the battle with the Winter Soldier.
However a dark cloud still lingered over the group. Three members were injured, Von Doom created a new super robot and to top it all off not two hours ago there was confirmation of an 86
He turned the pages until he hit the first blank one. He stared at it desperately wishing he knew what to write. Only moments ago he had half a mind to write the meanest, angriest letter he could forge. But… After looking at all of his sketches something else twisted around inside of him. This sketchbook had become something of an album. It held so many wonderful and seemingly insignificant moments for him. Just the simple every day memories with his team. He frowned.
It didn't help in the least that he was still hard even after that painfully awkward exchange. He braced himself against the counter and looked at his reflection in the mirror and shook his head cursing himself. He knew at this point the only way to be rid of it was to take care of it. It really, really didn't help that as he relieved himself it was not Peggy he pictured in his mind, but the strange handsome man in the iron armor.
Though he had known this his whole life; women have much more value and equality that is recognized.
Tony did not know how it was possible that Steve was here, fighting with them, leading them. He did not want to fathom what it truly meant to have Steve with them right here, right now, knowing what Calamity’s aim was…
Three officials were standing in the doorway unaware of the occupants of the elevator until they looked up utterly shocked.
Tony nodded solemnly, for once at a loss for words, which only served to make Fury a thousand times more uncomfortable with the situation.
Little did he know there was a storm on the horizon.  A wicked torrent that would surely consume him and tear his life apart.
Neither could hear him. He watched with horror as his brother and the love of his life began that deadly dance of combat. It was sickening to watch, neither of them were holding back. Steve couldn’t take it, there was no way in hell he would let them kill each other. He quickly plunged into the fray. Just as Iron Man and Bucky dove for each other both intending on delivering a devastating punch Steve threw himself in the middle of them. He successfully kicked Bucky’s legs out from under him forcing him to hit the ground and roll away. Using his sweeping movements Steve caught Iron Man’s fist and swung him to the ground hard.
“Steve, that was crazy, reckless and impulsive! You could have just destroyed your life doing that! If they don’t kill you on site along with me they will lock you away for good, American hero or not. I’m not worth that!”
Now that piece of technology is what really threw Tony. Our genius had been working on something very similar to those microchips in an attempt to aid wounded veterans. Yet, Hydra had managed to create something so sophisticated and intricate seventy years ago. Tony was both in awe and utterly disgusted. The more he learned about Hydra the more he came to utterly detest them. Hydra had made such incredible advancements in medicine and technology and instead of bettering the world they hid it away and used it on creating weapons. Tony’s disgust soon turned inward as he realized that not too long ago he himself was guilty of the same.
But then, he thought, Steve didn’t know how he felt! He didn’t know there could never be anybody else as long as he lived. Not like this.
Tony had called her up to go over his idea. There were some obvious miscalculations in his plan considering she had just now adamantly said she wasn’t going to help Barnes.
Tony could swear the soldier’s subsequence screams in agony at the sudden vile resurgence of pain matched the screams that erupted from his very own soul. He barely registered as Natasha grabbed his face trying to get his attention. Xavier, Wilson, Barton and Fury closed in around Barnes in an attempt to subdue him.
Tony took a few minutes to center himself. He ran a hand through his hair in a futile attempt to tame it. He took a deep breath before leaving his quarters to go to Steve’s medical room. He had no idea how he was going to go about showing Steve what he meant to Tony. He would just have to figure it out along the way.
“How does keeping the fact that I am the keystone from me keep me alive!? Hmm? She’s going to claim me one way or another!” Steve argued.
“It starts just as you see. People falling into an eternal sleep. They never wake up no matter what science or magic is executed.
“I don’t know, I won’t know till it happens. At this point the best course of action is to close the hole. If I take another crack at it maybe we’ll get somewhere. Think you can guard me until then?”
The giant zapper was designed to go off like a nuke.  The crazy dude they identified as Kumin Tankar had intended to set it off like a suicide bomb the moment the army infiltrated.  Tankar also had it set up to where if anybody had tried to disable it, like knocking him out the way Steve did, it would have automatically went off.
Natasha, having figured out what Steve and Tony were up to, told them all they needed to do was ask Jarvis.
Another scream sounded somewhere in the compound and chaos ensued.  Over the next hour Steve witnessed many of their Allies fall to Calamity’s whim.  The red alerts were blaring and Steve had traveled room to room, floor to floor, almost in a trance attracted by the frightened and panic stricken only to arrive and watched helplessly as more members of their team dropped completely unconscious.
When he made it outside he stood a moment in the middle of the driveway and honed in on his enhanced senses, letting his super soldier instincts take over.
Tony liked jazz as much as the next guy, but Barnes’s playlist consisted of some of the more obscure and absurd tracks he’s ever heard. Right before a clasp was to be attached the soldier would change the track to some upbeat swing. It annoyed Tony to no end. Even more so when he realized that, after a time, Barnes was doing it on purpose to all irritate Tony further having recognized the genius’s initial annoyance.
“You told them we were brothers…  And I wondered if that could be true one day.”  He went red in the face, the apple slice in his hand sizzling a little.
The man began to look from side to side before turning slightly and looking down at a strange black object in his hand. Steve cared nothing for the device in the man's hand because now he had a partial view of his face and what he saw shook him to the core. Days ago, it felt like he was falling when the emotional rug was ripped out from under him, now it was the sickening crash landing.
“Each one has been vastly different from the last, we just have to wait out the storm. One day you will just wake up and it will all be back. All of the doctors say to simply have patience, my darling.” She replied matter-of-factly.
“Oh I’m sorry Iron Ass, that the rest of us can’t shrug off reality like you do. There’s a difference between dying in action and getting caught by this thing with your pants down! Why don’t you make something useful to stop this thing!”  Clint countered obviously losing it.
Before he could reply however Steve continued, “besides, shouldn’t I be getting adequate rest. I mean I did just nearly get my heart ripped out.” He said gesturing to his abdomen.
He ended the letter encouraging Tony to find the answer in the code. He believed in him, that if Steve could surprise Calamity then Tony was fully capable of doing the same.
I apologize for any and all errors. Please don't forget to leave me a review after you finish reading this chapter.
The creator of clumsy machines stopped just as his mouth was about to formulate a particularly nasty curse. He waved Dumm-E away and gave his partial attention to the Captain once more.
“Just because you locked herself in here by yourself, with a ‘do not disturb’ order that took me ten minutes to get passed by the way,” She looked at him pointedly. “You’re hiding, Tony, and I’m willing to bet why.”
He began to wind around the front of the house. There he could clearly view the place the way he had all those years ago. It’s nearly the same as it had been before. He walked out to the street to get a better view.
I would also like to thank everyone who left me a review I appreciate each and every one of them. They are my fuel.
Natasha accepted the answer gracefully.  She nodded in response looking slightly apologetic before putting her usual stoic face back on.  At this Fury responded.
“In since your mind is just as vulnerable you will have access to mine.” Tony touched an icon on the screen. “With this, you have access to everything. All of my personnel files, my projects, the company, my money. Everything.” He said.
In truth, there were three reasons why Tony decided to stay and oversee each and every operation regarding Barnes’s arm.
Fury then proceeded to distribute orders. Tony and Bruce were to continue their work with the desynthization simulations. Clint and Natasha were going to look for the face of Calamity and keep track of her wherever she may appear and try to find everywhere she’s been. If there is a pattern in her movements then perhaps there is a way to predict what she will do next.
As Steve continued to describe some of the more significant encounters with the genius he came to a few conclusions. One, he was definitely in love with Tony long before he even came close to his realization. And two, he could see exactly why Natasha and Clint came to the conclusion that he and Tony must have been secretly dating.
Tony swallowed back bile and fear. He had to move, he had to get back to the laptop. He stared down at his suit in dismay. If he took off his armor now, he would be laughably exposed. Despite the almost knifing he got from the bunny, his armor had protected him as it should.
“Listen, it’s just sleeping. You can handle that, I’m sure.” She smiled into his chest. “Trust me, there will be no hanky-panky for a while yet, darling.” She gestured to her belly. Peggy smiled deeply at the way he visibly reddened everywhere.
Thank all of the gods above and below for giving Steve the serenity and patience to deal with this child right now.
A/N: Woot! Yes, this one is a bit short but chapter 29 is definitely a bit bigger. And if I don’t end up breaking up chapter 30 it will likely be the largest one yet. But it depends. I may need to break it up and if I do it may end up broken into 3 to 6 pieces inadvertently making them my shortest chapters yet. We shall see. I’ll start typing up chapter 29 tonight and hopefully I’ll get that to you within the next week.
The genius glared up at him best he could through bouts of gagging and coughing. Suddenly, Clint, Sam and Rhodey were coming up on him. Out of the corner of his eyes he could see the girl, Scarlet Witch, helping Peter to his feet.
“Mr. Stark what have you got?”  He stared at him with a look that screamed ‘Whatever you have got had better be good or I will murder you in front of everybody here, so help me God!’  Obviously he was one of the ones that hadn’t gotten any sleep.
Tony nodded along and Steve noticed the movement. He looked to the others and saw that they had easily accepted Xavier’s answer and was in no way confused.
He backed away slowly. He worked his way back to his medical room. No, not his. Nothing here was really “his.” This was a prison.
“That is not necessary, at least for now.  The fact that he had acknowledged my presence is a good sign.”  He said.  “I just have to make some adjustments to his treatment.”
The lines between reality and fantasy were blurring and he did not know where one ended and the other began. A large part of him did not want to know for the simple fact that if anything in last night's dream were ever remotely the reality, then he would have to face the disturbing fact that he was probably having an affair with that man. It tore deeply at him because he firmly believed that those who committed adultery and defiled the sanctity of the marriage bed were less than putrid scum.
Fury Realizing with horror what was happening ordered everybody out of the room as quickly as possible.  They made sure the Professor was able to get out first followed by Hank, Maria, Coulson, then Tony and Steve.
A/N: So chapter 10 and 11 were once one massive chapter. I thought it would be a good idea to split it up. So without any further ado here’s the rest of chapter 10 disguised as chapter 11.
Iron Man turned his attention back to the devices. He needed to close the hole. It felt like he was trying to defuse a bomb. The device was covered in wires that weaved in and out of a deconstructed tablet. It was crudely mounted to what almost looks like a holo-port projector but was emitting enough radiation to displace spatial gravity. Despite its built in a basement look, Tony tried not to admire it. As much as he hated to admit it, it truly was geniusly built and his arc reactor was the perfect power source.
“But I did it.” He whispered. “I can only keep running for so long, Steve. Even if you could prove I didn’t kill the vice president I still have to answer for the others.” He replied defeated.
“Thank you, Buck.” He took a shuddering breath trying to hold the tears back. “I don’t want to be alone in this.” Steve said as he held Bucky tighter.
“No! I have to fin-“ He cut off as Natasha rammed her fist into the side of his head, he promptly passed out.
“You’re worth it to Steve, so you’re worth it to me. It’s-“ he took a shuddering breath. “It’s what he would have wanted.” Tony swallowed thickly and continued. “Look, the end of the world is upon us and there is a 0.5% chance I can stop it, if I haven’t failed already. If it’s all on me to do it, then I’m going to do it my way. Even if it makes absolutely no sense anybody else. You are more useful than you know. I’m sure Steve thought so too.”
A/N: Wow, the end is nigh. Have no fear there is still so much of this adventure to experience. Catch you all on the flipside.
“NO!!”  Johnny wailed.  “Sue!  Sue!  Wake up, wake up!”  He cried desperately, clutching her prone body in his arms.
Oh God, she was so right. Steve is going to be forced to be a pawn in Calamity’s scheme and he was here being a selfish neurotic nut.
He was broken out of his reverie by the sound of tires speeding over his gravel driveway. He turned to see a car he was unfamiliar with come to a screeching halt not three feet from him.
“Oh come now, just because you cannot comprehend its significance does not make it any less wonderful.” She replied. “Goodness gracious! You all have this morbid disposition about you. I’m not here to claim you. Not just yet.” She said appalled at everyone’s dismay.
“W-what are you doing?! Quicksilver, Scarlet Witch come back and finish the job you pathetic ingrates!”
Their meal together was light and silent. They shared a few pieces of fruit and watched the stars twinkle in the sky from Tony’s assigned quarters. After they ate they retired to Tony’s bed together, neither of them wanting to be alone.
“You say you fight for good but you call that monster an ally.” She gestured to Tony who was making evasive maneuvers from the soldier’s arsenal.
Tony composed himself the best he could then returned to the exam station. When he arrived he found Natasha and Barnes murmuring softly to each other. They both looked at each other with such reverence. Tony sure as hell was not going to touch that one with a thirty-foot pole. Especially since he knew that Bruce and Nat was supposed to be something of a thing.
“Firstly, I wanted to check in and see how everyone was doing personally.  And I wanted to talk to you face to face again.”  She smiled.
"It was nothing Ellie, for a moment I was sure I remembered something but now I can't remember what it was." He said neutrally, trying to keep the mournful notion out of his voice. "It's all right, Babydoll, keep eating, I'm fine." He said smiling.
Steve was thankful for the distraction that Peter presented. He did not know how he was going to handle Tony after that. He relaxed a bit more when he realized that Rhodey now held Tony’s attention. The Colonel lead Tony away to the bar where they began a deep conversation with Pepper and Happy.
“What is there for me to say, Tony!? I have days to live and I’m going to spend them doing what? Sitting on my ass? I could be out there doing something important. It should be me to find him.”
Without replying, Tony sent homing missiles towards the Rhododendron anyway. Our genius was beyond irked when the pink bastard managed to scamper away again just barely avoiding being blown up.
“After you disabled the core of the super zapper and-and were unconscious, Calamity showed up and healed you.  It was bad, man.  Look I-I know she mostly wanted to play games with Tony but…”
“Thor you have been thoroughly briefed on this matter, what do make of this?” Fury questioned turning his attention to Thor.
Tony blanched and grimaced. As much as he would love to throw Barnes under the bus as he was the one that killed Harker, he could not, would not do that to him.
He shakes his head and begins his search for the nearest common room. He started preparing himself a few sandwiches and can’t help but to berate himself a bit. The world may very well come to an end and he’s getting himself worked up over a crash. ‘Come on! Pull yourself together Rogers.’ He thought to himself as he licks his fingers clean of a bit of mayo that got on them. Little did he know he had company.
“Hmm, I figured you may have a condition like this.  As far as I can tell it’s temporary.”  Hank said pensive, more to himself.
The moment he saw her he was instantly by her side much to the chagrin of the doctor. He was immensely relieved to note that though she looked utterly exhausted she still had an air of determination.
The first thing Steve became aware of was the warmth of the sun on his face. He did not want to wake up. He was too comfortable.
“Finally! Oh my dearest love, I wish you all the luck in the world!” She said before grabbing Steve’s face and pressed a kiss to his lips.
After he kissed the child good night, Peggy turned out the light and led him to their bedroom. Their shared bedroom, where there was their shared bed… Well this was awkward.
“What are you doing just standing there, dumbass?” Barnes landed unsteadily beside him. He was babying his right side and was breathing heavily.
He does truly understand why Tony and the others are doing it.  He hates it.  He hates getting left in the dark only to be blindsided later on.  Tony knows how he hates that.  Yet he’s doing it.
'But as time goes on you come to realize that all things happen for a reason. Just as things had been taken from you, many more have been given at the same time.  Back then you lost your friends and mission all at once and nearly your life.  But in this time you have gained your life back, you have made new friends and have a new mission.  There will be a time in your life when you’ll remember these words and understand them completely and utterly and hold them close to your very soul.’”
They stared at each other for a time. Their gaze was full of sorrow and misery. There was so much that was left unsaid especially on Steve’s part. He felt like there was a wall between them now. Something had shifted. No matter how much he wanted to tell the genius all the things he felt, he could not bring himself to do it. He couldn’t take that step and bury himself in Tony’s arms and spill his heart out knowing that in a matter of days it all wasn’t going to matter anyway.
Steve turned to Tony quickly utterly concerned.  He had only seen the genius cry once and he could feel that this was a thousand times worse than that.  He placed a hand on Tony’s back as he began to cry harder.
“Come on Tony, you know how much Thor and I eat daily and how much Bruce eats after he hulks out. Surely your genius mind had done the math before you graciously decided to house all of us.” Steve smirked at Tony as the genius was still clearly reveling in the mystery of it.
A/N: I hope you all enjoyed this little piece of domestic fluff. This will be one of the last major Steve centric chapters until we start really getting into the rising climax. Now we are going to have to figure out what Tony and the others are up to. What plans does Tony have for Bucky? And what role will the twins play later on? Well, you gotta keep reading to find out.
After a very idiotic crossing of the street, he made it to the other side and began darting through alleyways and sidestreets. He had to get as far away as he could from the tower.
Bruce, used to the oddities that always seemed to involve the various members of his team which included the notorious Tony Stark, ignored the said man and went straight to Professor Xavier for introductions.
“It must be shocking to you that they haven’t left yet. They’re still out there and the possibilities are just on the tips of your fingers, Tony.” She grabbed his hands. “Look at me, no matter what anybody says you’re worth the wait, Tony. You deserve to be happy. You deserve somebody who can appreciate you for you and I know you found that person.”
She nodded exuberantly as he lifted her from the bed and situated her on his hip as he stealthily left the room. He remained mindful of the squeaky floor boards as he descended the stairs to the kitchen.
That still did not give Steve much reassurance. It was like childbirth was tearing Peggy's body apart. He really did not know how to feel about that. The one emotion he could recognize, however, was fear. He could not believe that they were making her do this without him.
He leisurely turned the pages of his sketchbook. There were a few scenes from his past: a tank, a rough silhouette of his unit and one of Peggy. Most of the other sketches after were random: skyscrapers, trees, flowers and such. Some were scenes from the city. A woman walking her dog, a man on a bicycle and one of a homeless man on a park bench.
In time, it was Steve that made him begin to truly believe that Tony wasn’t all to blame for the misery his weapons caused. Steve had to remind him on numerous occasions that it was Obadiah double dealing. It was Obadiah that went to incredible lengths to keep Tony from the truth. Be that as it may, Nat was right. He could have figured it out sooner. There were many discrepancies that Tony chose to overlook, that he turned a blind eye to because he trusted Obadiah. That was on him. Tony knew he would never forgive himself for that.
Steve thought back to a day when they were at their most peaceful. Before the Calamity case had even started. If Steve thought back far enough it must have been his favorite day with Tony. The day was fair and cool with a slight breeze. There were plenty of those big white puffy clouds in the sky and Steve had amused himself by taking photos and seeking out hidden images within their round curves. It was one of those rare days where everybody had some precious time to themselves where they can unwind and breathe freely.
And with this final utterance the perfect little girl, as if mirroring his own heartbreak, cracked apart and slowly dissolved into black iridescent dust then whisped away into black nothingness and with her the last of this beautiful, wonderful, fantasy world.
“Well forgive me I had completely forgotten that humans will just stand still and gawk at all the pretty lights even if it kills them, faerie.”
“Hey, remember the last time you were real sick?” Bucky spoke up. Steve nodded expectantly. “Remember how you made me promise that I’d take you to see the ocean one last time before you died?”
“More like threatened…” Tony muttered under his breath. Clint rose an eyebrow and gave him a knowing look. “Yeah okay. It seems that after what happened with Barnes, I need some enlightening. So, enlighten me.” He was not quite sure how to proceed without broaching the subject like an insensitive ignorant nutcase.
They all sat still for a moment taking it all in. Trying to come to terms with what Thor had revealed to them. Each going down their own little train of thought trying to process the fact they, may be, very well doomed… to say the least.
“Hey you!”  He shouted at it successfully diverting its attention away from trying to remove the power core.
Tony tried to attack a few other weaknesses he saw. However, they quickly guarded themselves and retaliated. Obviously, other members of his team had found the same exact vulnerable points.
The billionaire had Jarvis access the sick bay computers and download all patient information for analysis.
“Sir, you are about to activate the self-destruct feature, are you sure you wish to proceed?” Jarvis asked seemingly concerned.
He gave Tony his space to work through whatever he was going through.  Steve had made up his mind not to over think it, that Tony was being Tony and he would eventually come around.  Steve did not know in the slightest what that would mean for their relationship. But now however, it was like he was seventeen again and getting punched in the gut by the local hooligan.
“They’re fine.”  Natasha smiled. “Johnny made sure each one had been reunited with their parents.  All of them were in perfect health, even Becka.”  Natasha verified.
“Because the Steve I know is an excellent judge of character. He’s rarely wrong.” He swallowed his emotions back. “Listen, the kind of man he describes in this letter… I never believed that I could be that kind of man before I met him. I didn’t know he was paying enough attention to even realize these things about me… To put the pieces of who I am into words like this and claim to love them-me all the more for it…I-” He licked his lips clutching the letter close to his chest. The glow of the arc reactor illuminated the pages, making Steve’s words shine through the paper.
Steve stopped himself from applying with something scathing.  Instead he looked Tony over while trying to calmly absorb what the genius was telling him.  He had to remind himself that Tony was trying to keep him safe, that he should trust him.  Even if his teammates could not trust him in return.
Growing up, he had been told time and time again that he had so little of it, that each and every day could be his last. Peggy, Ellie and his unborn child are so much more important than that. Suddenly, it hit him just how awful his “condition” was. The fact he couldn’t remember so much of his life, it’s like all that had been taken from him. He felt anger begin to boil just thinking of his dismal situation.
There were some concerns at first that with such advanced healing, the soldier’s body would completely reject the foreign hardware altogether. Dr. Cho and Dr. Davidson kept a close eye on him and Tony admittedly had waited with baited breath the last few days, hoping the soldier’s body did not, in fact, reject the titanium and carbon components. Dr. Cho had been developing some impressive technology that had helped profoundly. It was a way to merge organic matter with synthetic fibers to heal. It was invaluable technology that helped immeasurably.
"Oh? Not 100%? I was sure I had you by the short and curlies." Was Tony's vivid response. She merely smiled. "And while we're being all informative here, I've got a question for you." He continued on. "Why go through all this? Why not just snap your fingers and be done with all of it?"
They needed to keep moving forward.  Fury knew that the alien foe likely chose the school on purpose to distract them.  Bruce was right this thing must certainly know now that they were on to it.
Not to mention they’ve had a huge setback with Barnes. No, his injuries were feeling fine and have almost completely disappeared. The problem was his fragile mental state.
He then turned to Jane. “All this here,” he gestured to the heaps of data on the table, “is everything we have managed to gather about this whole mess.” He sighed.
This is what he spent so much time on? They were so... Cold. Even the portraits of his family were almost clinical and academic. He was floored. Even his ridiculous doodles he made overseas were better than this. Hell, his drawings he made with Ellie earlier this morning were thousand times more passionate than anything else in this entire room. It was like the Steve that painted these was a completely different Steve Rogers altogether. He frowned deeply.
Steve laughed. “Sure thing, Babydoll, here,” he grabbed a freshly made canvas. “I made this just a little earlier. Give Rocky the most radiant girlfriend in all the lands.” He chuckled, handing it over.
“I know who you are. I will allow you here for a short time, only just. Calamity’s interest in your world makes you a liability here. However, if the aid you seek enables you to stopped her, then so be it.” The King said dismissively as he waved Steve off.
Steve was becoming more and more uncomfortable with the situation as time went on. It really seems like everything is getting worse and worse by the minute. Even more so knowing that no matter how much information they gain, how many answers they receive, a thousand more questions pop up.
“But he’s my responsibility, it should be me that brings him in.” He tried to sound as depressed and broken as he could in order to sway Tony into not lashing out. He found it wasn’t all that hard to do. And as a plus totally worked. Instead of becoming indignant and snarky, Tony’s eyes softened.
They fell into a comfortable silence as Johnny prepared the apples and Steve beat the dough into submission.  That was until,
He tore open the box and three items dropped out. Steve’s sketchbook he recognized instantly, an envelope addressed to him and the team, and a red leather Journal he had never seen before. He thumbed through some of the pages of the journal and realized with a start what the heinous object in his hands really was. He dropped it like it had burned him and it landed on a page that described an explicit detail one of many horrific procedures designed to instill absolute obedience into the asset.
Steve nodded slowly and Tony couldn’t help it. He leaned in to claim Steve’s lips again. The genius held back moaning in relief when Steve began to kiss him back. The kiss was phenomenal. Tony just wanted to melt in ecstasy. He shifted and began to deepen the kiss further and the moment his tongue touched Steve’s he became like a live wire.
He shook his head. Now was not the time to dwell on that bit. But there was something else that niggled at him. Something that the waitress earlier.
“What kind of mischief are you two getting into now?” Peggy expressed in playful exasperation from the doorway.
Tony looked him up and down appraisingly. His chest tightened painfully and it didn't really hit Tony until that very moment how incredibly stupid his idea was. However, he couldn't deny how right it felt for Barnes to continue Steve's legacy. After seeing Barnes in the Captain America suit he had crafted for him weeks ago on a whim, there wasn't a single doubt in Tony's mind that Barnes picking up the shield was exactly the absolute best course of action and he was sure Steve would wholeheartedly agree.
“But what if it does something else like leak all of our secret’s all over the Internet or something?” Clint retorted.
A time traveler. That would explain the futuristic armor, the strange tiny television the man held, the glowing object in his chest and the fact that the man said that his mower was ancient. If the man was a time traveler, how did they meet? How did he fit in Steve's life? And why? This was becoming way too complicated.
“I can’t…”  He thought for a moment.  “It’s just I can’t stop thinking about what you said to the kids.”  He said finally.
“Well if this isn’t the finest soldiers I have ever had the pleasure of serving with.” Stated Fury with an air of reverence.
“I don’t get why you don’t just use it yourself.” The soldier demanded suddenly when Tony began to approach him with the device.
"My Keystones of course. As the sole representative or should I say champion of my chosen race, they are the ones that ultimately give me permission to harvest the souls on their planet."
What he hadn’t realized of course was that Hank was merely shocked after the fact that the Captain was now lucid, after spending nearly eighteen hours staring blankly at his heart monitor.  Hank shook off his surprise quickly in order to alleviate the anxiety attack that was now building in our dear Captain.
A few hours later, after touchy-feely time was over and after Tony examined Barnes's arm and collected data from it, our genius was now completing the 1561st device. The first couple hundred had been sent on their way with his various team members to be placed on the people Calamity has already touched. It wasn't long now, soon it would be finished and they would be free. And at this point in time, that's all that mattered.
A few elevators and corridors later, Tony found himself approaching the glass wall of the cell that housed prisoner 86. In all the time it took to get to this point Tony still did not know what to say. His hyperverbal countenance gone in the presence of this person.
Now they were sitting in comfortable silence slowly savoring their chocolaty dessert.  Tony couldn’t help but to get entrance by the good Captain once more.  He couldn’t help but think of how beautiful Steve’s stormy grey eyes were.  The genius had always marveled at the many ways the Captain’s eyes seemed to change color.  There were days where Steve would overlook the city with thinly veiled sorrow; his eyes appeared to be a pale blue almost like the sky on a cloudy day.  Then there were days, Tony realized, if he unknowingly pestered the Captain into a rage his eyes would turn a pale jade.  He had even noticed that in the heat of battle his eyes turned to cold steel.
He looked up to find Ellie staring at him wide-eyed and slack-jawed. After she realized she now held his attention she took a deep breath and squealed, “That was amazing!!” At the other top of her lungs.
“Forward!” Steve bellowed trying to urge them on. He stayed behind them to shield them from the tsunami of zappers.
That gave Tony pause. No one knew about that. Only their team did. How did this guy figure it out?! Then the horrible realization dawned on him. Perhaps his weapon’s capabilities weren’t so mysterious after all? Not if his system was compromised. That would be the only way he could know about Steve and have the capability to use such devastating technology. If SHIELD had truly been compromised like Fury thought then in all likelihood his own systems could have very well been compromised as well.
Then only a few weeks later they had been thrown into their first mission together, to stop Loki. He tried to be kind but that bastard made it so damn hard. He did not know how but Tony had the gift to just look at him and say the worst thing he could possibly say at any given time and piss him off like no one could ever hope to. Just when he was sure that Tony was going to wake up dead by his own hands they got stuck in a subway tunnel together. Isolated together for hours.
'How on earth could Tony consume it like this and still call it glorious liquid heaven?' He mused for a moment then froze.
Being in such close quarters with the man the last two weeks or so, Tony knew with certainty that Barnes was not in pain. He knew the soldiers tells when he was trying to suppress pain. No, this was something different. It was as if he was trying not to… Then it instantly dawned on Tony. His face slowly twisted into a smug feline like feral grin.
He rushed to the child. He barely registered Johnny face planting into the ground just a couple yards from them. He, as gently as he could, moved the panicking children away from Becka. He looked her over quickly, removing the borrowed raincoat and boots. He saw a small seared marking on her leg and realized that a zapper must have grazed her at some point.
Looking back he realized that he never did have the desire to do that for anyone else but Tony.  But now he knew.  No matter how hard he tried he knew he could not lie to himself anymore.  But he tried anyway, and thus his night was spent as such, going back and forth between knowing and realizing the truth to trying to make excuses and denying it.  And that is how the morning found our poor Captain in such a state.
It probably should have been more concerning that he had handed Barnes Steve’s mug but the look of serene gratitude on the soldier’s face shattered any doubt. Steve wouldn’t mind any way.
When Xavier and the others arrived they had been briefed with the harrowing news and had jumped right into brainstorming ideas after being sworn in to secrecy. They had even began to assist Tony and Bruce with the simulations in addition to aiding Natasha and Clint in detecting a pattern.
It was somehow oddly soothing. Then a warm scarlet aura enveloped him and turned him to face the Rhododendron. The look of shock and fear on his pink face was almost worth it all.
I had to know why. Eventually, I figured out how to leave that little planet and travel the cosmos again. Only this time I could control my speed and direction. I followed paths of light and energy until I came across more celestial bodies.
The man in these drawings wouldn’t have done those things to him, would not have manipulated him that way. Yeah, he was egotistical and fickle but not like that. It’s not like they were together and he would want Tony to move on after he was gone, to find peace and solace and live a long and happy life. But did he have to seek that solace even before Steve was out of the picture?! Did he have to go back and forth like that.
“We’ve already established that I am an impulsive nutcase.” Tony shot back instantly. “This should not be a surprise.”
The display of Jarvis’s mind looked like a glowing orb of circuits and neuro-pathways flitting about.
“What if she’s lying about everything and only said she wouldn’t hurt us and healed us to prove that point only to get us off guard? This could all be a twisted game to her and she’s only screwing with us?” Clint rebuttaled.
Tankar swears up and down that he has no idea what Harker was planning.  He did not care to ask as long as Harker generously funded his research and development of his Fuzz Buzz dolls.
“Well, Ellie will be waking up soon. Don’t forget your promise to take her out for ice cream.” She laughed.
About four hours later he made it out of the city south towards the coast. He navigated his way through Brooklyn getting lost in nostalgia along the way. Despite the long years since he had traveled those streets some things never changed.
Tony also supposed he would come up with a few designs utilizing the shifting plate technology Hydra employed. But, of course, with a few tweaks of his own. It really was a genius idea and it definitely increased strength and mobility without losing too much durability.
“Great! Since you are so vulnerable and essentially at my mercy, how about I even the score a bit.” He said as he began removing his over shirt. Now he was standing before the soldier in his under tank with his arc reactor clearly in view. “You know this.” He pointed to his arc reactor. “It is one of my biggest vulnerabilities, for many reasons, as you found out yesterday…” Yeah yesterday, moving on. “It’s exposed to you as you are to me.”
“How about deeper down? It looks like your flesh has taken well to the hardware but the bone may still try to reject it.”
Unfortunately the pulse stopped. Steve realized with horror as they still had a few feet to go. He clutched the children closer to his body and bulldozed his way through, hunching over as he ran using his head, shoulders and arms as a shield. In moments they finally broke through to the other side.
Steve watched him.  The Professor remained calm and patient.  He had to be sure, Steve started an assault of all the most ghastly and rude things that he could think of from horrible and scathing insults to the scarring things he saw on the website Clint tricked him into viewing.
“Damn, that was good, I really wasn’t expecting that.  I’m gonna have to order me one now.”  However, not one to waste a good beer Tony quickly chugged it down.
Steve did not know how long he was suspended in the darkness for. It could have been hours or mere minutes. He could not tell which way was up or down, forwards or backwards. Everything, or should he say nothing, was just there in its empty blackness.
"Well, the first time you talked to him, you came out of it and manufactured fourteen arms, twenty-three iron legion prototypes, eight suits and completed 164 of these little doohickeys here." He gestured to the stack of completed devices.
Steve was quick to reply, “Whose nerves?  Yours or mine?  ‘Cause you know very well this won’t do a thing for me.”
Tony knows how much he hates to be controlled and confined.  And he especially hated when people hid things from him and lied to his face.  Which he now realized, that was exactly what everybody was doing.  Something was going on and they weren’t telling him about it, “for his own good.”
What was more vexing, however, was that Graham was now hell-bent on destroying the world, all consequences be damned.
One needed the patients of a saint to deal with Tony at times. How on earth was Pepper ever able to do it for so many years? No one may ever know. Tony’s laughs started to die down some.
Barnes nodded curtly and pulled up the chair indicated. He sat for a moment before becoming a bit restless. He opened his mouth to speak. “I –“
“The doctor said everything is perfect. Just one more month my love.” She said happily as she wrapped her arms around her middle.
“Hello Sir,” Steve greeted respectfully, quickly offering his hand and continuing “I am Captain Steven Rogers and it is an absolute honor to meet you.” Steve finished shaking the Professors hand excitedly.
Clint and Natasha were standing at the door with bemused looks on their faces.  Tony’s ire did not go unnoticed by any of them.
“No! Listen. Nobody died. Yeah, it’s horrible that it all had to play out this way. But think about it. If you two worked it out and Steve was able to resist her, then she would have had to resort to even bloodier methods to break him. No doubt ensuring mine and your death. Then where would we be? Steve gone and no one to figure out the code. The entire world would be doomed with no hope.” He said.
So, Funny story, I wrote chapter 29 and most of 30 before I wrote 28. I need to keep Steve’s side rolling and not just develop Tony’s side. So, that’s another reason why this had taken so long to get to you. My apologies!
"What on earth?" Steve was shocked to see his shield in action. What was even more shocking was to see Captain America on a rooftop opposite. "Who?"
“Yep, sounds about right.” Steve laughed. “Well, let’s get these documents back to Earth and see if we can’t give Calamity a little bit of hell!” The Captain gave Thor a toothy grin.
“Okay, tell him when you can that I want to talk to him and that I promise to behave. It’s important.”
"You are very welcome, Anük." He smiled warmly but then his face fell somber. "I kinda wish we had met under different circumstances now."
They all sat in silence for a moment none moving. Almost at once Thor literally shook himself from his nightmare. He groaned deeply reaching for his sack that he brought with him. His slowly pulled out and incredibly ancient looking scroll.
“You useless piece of shit!! You are mine! You belong to me! Kill him already!” Harker screamed out desperately as he threw a gun to Bucky.
"Why Daddy?" She whispered cradling the doll close to her. "Why don't you love me anymore?" She said looking up at him, tears rolled down her face.
They weren’t going to let him live after that. He knew exactly what everyone’s orders were going to be.
“Cap! I am glad to see you finally awake. It just wouldn’t due to see such a fine military man such as yourself sleep the day away. Right Jarvis?” He stated looking gleeful.
“Say Cap, how bout instead of fifty dollars, you give me a kiss?” Suggested Tony, waggling his eyebrows.
Steve looked at Xavier and to the others and realized everyone was watching them. He made eye contact with Tony and smiled.
Unfortunately, on a side note, due to a Dumm-E related incident, the ‘Space Phone’ had needed special repairs that took Tony till now to finish. The team is going to meet up in a specialized meeting room along with an important special guest. While Tony was working on the ‘Space Phone’, Bruce along with SHIELD had contacted Professor Charles Xavier. They requested that he helped oversee the case as an honored consultant. This means he is also aboard the helicarrier.
Steve could imagine how that conversation went down. Tony knows how to push people’s buttons like nothing else.
After she placed him back in his seat and removed her hand they noticed that his wrist was black and purple.
Another alarm blared and he felt his blood run cold. Remember how it was mentioned that the mini subs were versatile? Well now the three that were in pursuit just broke the surface of the water and were now in flight heading right for them.
Tony gaped at the prisoner shocked that they still had the balls to be so damn insolent despite there obviously craptacular confinement.
"I know, Peg, it will likely be the same for tomorrow and maybe the next day." He finished for her. "We went over this yesterday and the day before that." He smiled at her. "I've got this, Peg. Don't worry."
Then, suddenly, he knew exactly why all this wasn't real. His entire heart and soul had been screaming the answer at him and he finally heard it. It was something small and seemingly insignificant but he felt it's validity down to his core all the same.
