Even as Estane talked to the crowd of alphas, Tony surveyed the audience. He saw hunger in some eyes, while he recognized revulsion in others’ expression. Natasha had only shaken her head and gazed at him knowingly. Tony was their one great hope. But what kind of hope was he? He treated his omega only a little better than a dog. Maybe not even. He wouldn’t have caned a dog. He thought of his little Dummy – his tiny body curled up next to him on the bed. He’d made Steven sleep on the floor.
“He won’t die,” Bruce muttered to himself as if he checked something internally, and then spoke to Tony. “His astral projection bonded to you. To you. There’s no breaking it.”
“I’m not interested in your newest obsession with alpha porn,” Tony says but he stops for a moment in the hallway. Penny of all of his AIs happens to be the one that shoots from the hip and always hit her target.  “What is it?” He already knows what she’s going to say – he feels the heaviness in his gut, the tight coil in his groin.
“No, he’s an ass and his technology pushes the hyper-scape system too far. He’ll end up exploding half of the ships under his designs,” Tony says.
“You’re asking me?” Steve shook his head. “I haven’t even lived in my souped up body longer than I lived in my sickly scrawny one. So I get it, I understand. But this.” He clasped Tony’s hand, palm to palm. Their palms heated again, as they always did now.  Energy flowed between them. No other vampire or Divini experienced this pairing, this integration of powers so profoundly. “Feels like a privilege I didn’t earn.”
Steve lies down on the bed; eyes closed. “Doesn’t matter. I should listen to Bucky and not drink.” He hears a snicker in the background. “Tell Bucky he’s a jerk.”
Bruce convinced Clint to get back in bed if he got him a phone. Clint asked for some privacy and they left him. While they stood out in the hallway, silence descended and Steve flinched at it. In a low voice he asked, “What was that?”
Just the touch and the words send Steve over the edge. He’s never finished before a client. Never. He always follows – that’s his own personal rule. But Tony strokes him until he’s spent and drained and no more than a rag doll. When he comes back to himself, Tony kisses up his jaw line and then pushes lightly inside of Steve as if asking.
He wraps it around his waist as best he can. “When the Red Skull touched the tesseract, I saw the universe, all the dimensions. Even as I downed the plane, I could still see them. It was as if I was flying the plane through them, into them. It folded around me when the water hit. It felt like I was being torn inside out.” He grasps his arms around one another. “Next thing I remember is swimming. Swimming for ages, but not being myself. I was changed, different.”
Bucky crosses the tiny room. Doesn't matter how small it is, they've been sharing rooms since their orphan days running the streets of New York City back east. It isn’t much since it’s above the town jail. Steve lies on the only cot in the room; the cot is unofficially Bucky’s bed. Most days he ends up finding sleep in the Sheriff's chair in the front office downstairs to keep the rowdy occupants of the jail quiet during the night. As Bucky kneels next to the cot, he pushes his one hand down on Steve’s non-injured shoulder.
“Then you see where we stand,” Steve says and once again the pain shudders through him and he’s not certain if it is from the oncoming heat or if it’s from the pains of the past.
Bucky hugs the cables close but the tie-fighters strike and fire. The first bolt hits his flesh arm and he cries out, but then clenches his teeth in order to muffle his own pain. The second bolt hits the ladder just above where he’s holding onto it with his metal hand. It frays and snaps, leaving only the other cable to stabilize the ladder. He grabs for the slat and then struggles through the pain of his right shoulder, trying to ignore it as he scrambles up the ladder.  Even with two good arms with the ship in transit and tie-fighters firing at him, mounting difficulty would test him. This – without his one flesh hand – is almost impossible.
“Natasha gave me a call and said you would be willing to talk,” Steve said. “I know we left it kind of in a bad place-.”
“It’s hard to see beyond the beast.” Her gaze looked far away as she said it. Coming back to herself, his mother patted him on the shoulder, kissed his cheek, and told him Happy Birthday one more time before leaving him in the dark with only a tiny nightlight that projected the universe on his ceiling. It was the only one his father approved –
“But why?” The headache robbing him of logical thought processes caused the room to loop around in ever increasing circles.
Steve put his hand up as he turned his gaze to Tony. “No, that’s not what I mean. It wasn’t an option. No one talked about it. No one discussed it. It wasn’t just a ‘dirty little secret’ of some people. You just didn’t talk about it or consider it.”
“It’s only a bit and it will help me fall asleep. Once I do, you need to just hit enter and the download will start.” Tony sips the drink. “Want some?”
“No,” Tony says and pulls out the wad of cash that’s been digging into his soul the whole day. He shows it to Steve, and then dumps it on the bed. He goes back to the drawings on the wall. “Who’s this? You? Pretty scrawny when you were a kid, huh?”
“Always, Ma.” He hangs his head. Here he is weeping over something he can’t have, like that’s going to help anything. Steve needs fresh goals, not fantastic ideas of a hero swooping in to save him from a life of poverty, hunger, and despair. He’s more than his broken body. Once he earns enough from the Brothel, augmentation will be possible, and doors will open. There’s no two ways about it. He has to last. That’s his plan, he’s sticking to it.
“I thought you understood. And then when I died again, you were there to hold me, to anchor me to bring me back to my reality.” Steve wipes at his eyes as if he’s angry. “And then what? You left. And that was it. We were done.”
“I don’t know what you mean,” Steve whispered while he lightly rubbed Tony’s chest with the tips of his fingers.
“I don’t need to breathe but I can smell, like really smell. Like a dog smell,” Tony said and stretched out on the bed. His limbs felt tingly with the joy of fresh blood. He splayed out his hands. Drinking blood from animals or willing humans meant nothing in comparison to his mate. “Do you ever hate me?”
He shivered. He knew from listening at the library door when his father and Obie spoke that his father had something to do with that – and that it haunted him. ‘Caused him to drink. Once he heard his father say something very curious.
Steve knocks on the table and says, “Your tux is ruined. Mine isn’t far behind, but yours is a mess from the road. White should never be worn in New York City.”
“Yes,” Reynolds said and indicated his colleague. “Tyler can do it.” Tyler only nodded. “But we have to get her in the cold room ASAP. We don’t want whatever effects the serum has on the feeding gland to fade.”
“Vampires are not people. Biology defines life as having the ability to procreate. These ‘people’, as you call them, cannot. It’s my understanding that the men have no ejaculate and the women don’t have any menses or eggs.” Ross stood up and put his hands in his pockets. “We can debate the semantics all day, but the fact of the matter is, today in the United States vampires are not people and do not get the same rights and privileges.”
But across the table in the booth of the doughnut shop, the man himself sat. Fury. As he cocked an eyebrow at Fury, Tony had recalled what Steve had said once -
Clint only met Steve’s gaze and said nothing, but the ruin of his face said it all. Steve wanted to give him some relief, tell him it would be okay. But that would be a lie.
“Put the portfolio on the desk,” Tony says. He has no intention of actually looking at it. But once the candidate places his portfolio on the desk, Tony takes it and opens it. He doesn’t really focus on it at all. “Tell me about yourself.” He pauses. “Steve.” That’s his name. That’s what Pepper told him anyway. Pepper promised him not to mix up names again. It really is embarrassing when he calls candidates by the wrong name.
He rubs at his head to cover his mistake and nods a little, though he stretches out of the way to make sure his charge, Tony Stark, can’t look for a bump. “I’m okay. Where’s my shirt?”
Long ago when the Republic fell and the Jedi with it, a small scattering of Jedi –scholars not Knights - escaped along with regular citizen and guards loyal to the Republic to find their way to the secret base out beyond the outer reaches of the Empire. There, the last Jedi – minor players in the vast theater of slaughtered Jedi – set up a library to save all Jedi knowledge. They toiled away to keep the traditions and the sacred information from all prying eyes.
Steve put away his embarrassment at his blush and turned to the matters at hand. “Bruce was studying the wrist band, and then he touched it, kind of a light rub.”
“Steven, these are magnificent drawings. Has your boss seen them?” Thor asks as he pages through the sketches.
A growl stops him. Turning, Tony discovers Blu has returned – and he’s not alone. He’s brought what looks like a dead animal – some kind of deer. He drops it on the ground and makes a small noise that sounds suspiciously like a purr.
“What the hell are you talking about? You could have come to me, you could have gone to him!” Tony clanked the chains around his wrists. “Are you looking for absolution? Are you looking for me to tell you it’s okay that you did this?”
“No, no one’s going to die today,” Steve said, and, with that, he closed off the conversation as well as his soul. Tony practically felt the bricks and mortar being slapped together around Steve as he fortified his inner core with the Soul Mantra.  Tony almost called him on it, almost but then Sam walked over to him and gestured to Tony with a slight lift of his chin.
“Sucking is not something I want to have any part of,” Rhodey had muttered as he cleaned up his already spotless dorm room.
“I had this erotic- yeah, erotic dream of Tony,” Steve said. It felt like he was in a confessional and a priest would damn him to hell. He couldn’t even attempt to look at her, now. His eyes lowered. He stared at their hands tangled together through infinity. “I had this erotic dream, that I was- touching him. That I was str-.” Steve stopped, feeling the tears burn his eyes. “I could barely talk to him the next day. I had a dream I jerked him off, let him fuck me. I’m not that guy, Natasha. I was never that guy.” The tears dropped down his face and blinded him. She wasn’t in the chair across from him anymore. Instead, she settled on the couch next to him, her arm wrapped around his shoulders.
“You don’t think it’s just sexual? I mean I know I’m hot,” Tony said with a smirk on his lips. “And so are you, don’t get me wrong but-.” He stopped, and it was telling.
As Clint rests against her leg she mutters, “He doesn’t like to take. Makes him groggy. Won’t take and now look at him.” She wipes the drool from his lips tenderly. “Poor thing.”
“Yeah!” That was way too enthusiastic, Steve chides himself. “Sure, I’d love that.” He frowns that really didn’t lower the outrageous amount of excitement in his voice. He’s never had a whole room for himself for art in his life.
“You’re changing the subject.” Tony eyes him as Steve drags him out the door of his quarters. Several guards stand at attention and Happy blocks the way. “Happy?”
“That’s entirely up to you,” Steve says and there’s a slight dip in his voice. He’s treading water, he doesn’t want to offend Tony like he did the past week.
Tony only has an instant to see that Nat has her legs wrapped around his head and pounds him in the chest with both fists. With that image blazed in his brain they break free of the factory only to stumble upon six unconscious (maybe dead) men – part of Rumlow’s team Tony assumes- lying at the entrance of the building. He knows he only incapacitated two. Where did the others come from and what the hell did she do to them?
Tony clutched onto Steve, his fingers digging into his upper arms. “God, I can’t lose you to him. I can’t. Please, don’t leave me for him.”
Tony stares at the stovetop but then busies himself with the coffeemaker. It would be a hoot if Tony’s own killer bot hadn’t a clue about how to make coffee. Oh, how many hours of entertainment that would bring, especially to someone like Clint.
“People seem to forget the most I knew about the serum I screwed up royally. So, I have no explanation. We called in Wong and Strange. They’re coming over,” Bruce said and then checked his old-fashioned wristwatch. Why the hell he wore one, Tony couldn’t fathom – it had to be ruined anytime he turned into the Hulk. Bruce continued. “In just about 20 minutes they are expected to arrive.”
“Vision couldn’t do it. His matrix is too much like Ultron’s. It could have corrupted him irreparably.”
Before Steve stammers out a reply, Tony jumps in. “Oh, you know, Pepper is a wonder and found him through a diligent and exhaustive search.”
Jarvis only smiled that knowing smile and then settled on the bed. He patted the empty space next to him. Tony huffed once and sat down. Jarvis pet the stuff animal. “You might not want to believe the story of the lion with blue eyes that roams the world looking for his home, but why throw away that story. It does no harm to believe it.”
Steve glances at Tony. He’s at the steps to the stage, bent close to Pepper as she speaks. Happy is there to, acting as Tony’s bodyguard, scanning the crowd for any threats. Then there’s Christine Everhart circling around the group, trying to get more information for her little scandal show.
It’s early and Captain America is so emotionally spent, he wants to sleep. Tony knows some people deal with their depression and anxiety by sleeping so he steps away, losing his grip on Steve’s hand. “Okay. Good night.”
“Why, why did you help me? I punished you. I had you caned. I could kill you. Why are you helping me?” Tony asks.
Tony reached out and touched Steve’s wrist. At first it was just a touch, nothing more. Steve waited, Tony looked up at Steve. That anxious, almost eager, stare disturbed Steve but he kept his mouth shut. Not dissuaded, Tony brushed his finger along the inside of Steve’s wrist, along the welt and closer to the pulse point. The touch lingered and then something light and tender began within Steve. He felt it in the core of his body, deep in his torso. If he’d spent any time thinking about what happened with Bruce, he would qualify this as similar to the moment preceding the bond. Like the lightest of rain pattering down before the storm, it began in his core, then blossomed up through his heart and then part of Steve – part of him reached out – farther – toward him – toward Tony – and then –
“I’m sorry. I never expected him to do that.” Tony follows Steve as he goes back to the closet to gather his clothes, not the uniforms. “I had to tell him the truth, he thought you were some kind of spy. He saw you talking to King Odin.”
“It would be much appreciated, Captain,” Vision says with a small bow to his head. “If we would be able to more fully understand the nature of my existence.”
“Fuck!” Tony leaps to his feet and races to the guest room. The door is already open, and he barges inside without an invitation.
“Well, we just need to keep you weak for now,” Rumlow said and yanked the blade out to Steve’s hiss. Without any fanfare, Rumlow took the knife and cut through the waistband on his boxers, then tore them off Steve. “Sorry, but there’s no reason for you to be clothed at all. You’re never going to need clothes again, not after they’re done with you.”
“You’re probably right, sir.” Steve takes another tactic. “Did you come to the conference to speak with the factions of the Conclave?”
“I’m so sorry I’m late.” Steve searched Tony, assessing him. His expression concerned, tormented in a way. “The Corps are getting problematic. I talked to Fury-.” He stopped and tilted his head as he laid down next to Tony. “You don’t want to hear about it now.”
And that stiff as a board guy, Coulson who kept hanging around Tony’s Malibu mansion even after he came back from New Mexico. Tony didn’t like it and hadn’t invited him but somehow or another he couldn’t or didn’t tell him to leave. One night shortly after the whole Hammer business, Tony had been down in the workshop keeping himself busy so he didn’t have to think about it. Why? He didn’t know. He’d been ready to celebrate when he found out Steve was still alive, but then reality set in. It had been easier to think of Captain America as a hooker in New York City as some kind of weird illusion or even undercover operation. The thought that Captain America, Steve Rogers – the man that he loved – had suffered and still suffered from sixty plus years of extreme isolation and pain. Well, it overwhelmed him and he put off delving into the truth. Neither Fury nor Nat came a knocking after the Hammer incident. But Coulson did. He came and went but he always came back.
“So it is real? I will believe it when I see it,” Steve says and then clicks at Shield to stop her from munching as they trot along the rocky plain. “But tell me about this new invention? This personal locomotive?”
“Gay? Hmm, homosexual marriage? That means it is legal to be homosexual.” Steve states as Tony grasps his hand and slips the ring on his finger without any fanfare. It is a simple platinum band. He cannot help but think when it’s real it will be better. He shuts down those ideas immediately.
All of them turn to stare at the inert figure on the gurney. Steve’s mouth is slightly open, his eyes are closed, his figure quiet, almost deathly.
“Sir.” Steven nods and joins Tony at his side. There’s a fine tremor to his walk and Tony studies him.
Steve sat up, and Tony went so deep that he came in a flood that surprised and shocked him. His vision whited out and he cried out for pity. When he came down from the height of his climax, Steve smiled at him. His cock stood, red and purple flush against his belly. As Tony softened inside of him, Steve took his own cock in hand and lazily stroked it. He stroked pre-come drizzled along the tip, and he flinched as he scraped his thumb nail over the slit. He took his own pre-come and he painted it on his lips, leaning down to let Tony taste it.
Steve pushes himself back up to a sitting position. It costs him but he fumbles to sit up. “I’m not human.”
“Don’t worry. You’re a real worrier, huh? Got any kids? If you do, then I bet you spend all your time chasing after those little kittens.” Tony smiles and goes through his visual inspection of the reactor. He made sure in his redesign of it that he could easily assess it with just his eyes and feeling with his hands, plus a little sniff. Blu perks up when Tony brings the arc reactor to his face. “Maybe you can help. Smell anything like ozone, like the smell in the air after a lightning strike?”
Assembling the sandwiches, Steve keeps his eyes lowered as he speaks, “It wasn’t about opportunities. It was about feelings.”
“Son of a bitch,” Tony said. He almost refused the call. What the hell did Fury want from him? A letter signed in blood that he was out of the heroics business and the Avengers would have to look to Rhodey for their air support since Thor happened to be AWOL (Tony did keep up on things – though only as anyone in the public could. Any person who could hack databases, that was). “Go ahead. Put them through.”
“Clint,” Steve said but even then Tony knew instinctively that Steve wasn’t revealing everything. Some other truth lie hidden in plain sight. “But Clint – I have to deal with Clint. I don’t even know how. I need to talk with Bruce.” The scattered thoughts rattled the link between them and it surprised Tony to see how off centered and a mess Captain America could be.
Tony didn’t refuse. He licked the come off of Steve’s lips. Steve pulled away again, and with a sad smile, said, “That’s all you can have of me, darling. It’s better this way, safer.”
They do leisurely walk through the maze gardens that are set in a way to reflect the beauty of the nebula. The colors of the flowers both compliment and contrast the clouds around them. Tony whispers comments and Steve adds to them. The afternoon drifts away and soon they are finding their way back to Tony’s quarters. They never stop touching and leaning into one another. Tony’s about to go back to war and Steve’s going to be left behind – again. The pain of it is not lost on Steve.
“The doctor exaggerates,” Tony says but his eyes tell a different story. It isn't like Tony can lie, they've discussed his ill health before, and it's like a lead weight on Steve's soul. Steve saw Tony succumb to his heart’s sickness.
“It wasn’t,” Jarvis says and leads Steve into the well-appointed front parlor. “If you will, sir. I will be serving breakfast in the dining room. The washroom is through those doors. You may hang your hat and coat in there as well.” He points to the kitchen – Steve’s been in the house before, knows the furniture, the décor which always showed a certain softness due to Sue’s influence.
“Coming, yep that’s what you’ve done. A lot of it as I recall,” Tony said and slapped his knee. “You wanna kiss?” He made smoochie face at Steve.
“You won’t look sick if that’s what you’re worried about. Don’t you get all the meds you need here?” She cocks an eyebrow at him. She digs out the zippered case with his makeup. “Here use this if you’re worried.”
Tony opens his eyes for only a second before he slams them shut again. His heart stampedes in his chest and he gasps for air. This isn’t the way virtual reality should hit him, but then again this isn’t a virtual reality game – this is a real life and death scenario that he somehow trapped himself in. Not somehow, he did this deliberately.
She stood up as the last of the Legion succumbed to Hulk. He started to play with one of the robots, swinging it back and forth. Brushing off her pants, she started to go over to the Hulk when a trio of Legion robots appeared to north of their position. They shot without regard, spraying the area with fire. Tony took one hard to the chest and was flung into the creek. Thor brought the lightning around and lit them up, but not before they spread another round of fire at the island. Steve’s vest blinked red as Falcon was knocked out of the sky and fell to the ground. Steve immediately went to him, but Sam only waved him off, his vest gave a steady red color.
Steve glances at the window but then back at what he’s doing; dishing out their breakfast. He keeps his gaze lower as he answers, “I don’t think we’re getting out of here any time soon. You’re welcome to call Natasha and see if she can get a Quin Jet for us. All flights have been canceled at the airport over three states, though.”
way? He’d fancied girls, but that’s what he was told he had to like. Anytime he considered anything else, his upbringing would kick into high gear and he would shun the thought. Did the fact that he even had a thought or two along the way make him
She leads him out of the bath and has him lay on the tiled floor on top of a plush towel. Everything is so extraordinarily luxurious he could just fall asleep.
“No, I’m not,” Steve said. “I’m trying to clear my head of a nightmare, if you must know.” He pulled out his boxers and slipped them on before turning around to face Sam. “Is that all?” He sounded abrasive. “Sorry. Just the nightmare threw me off.”
He turns around and jumps. Blu stands next to him, not watching him, but scanning their surroundings as if on sentinel duty. It’s beautiful here, breathtaking in its simplicity and it’s barrenness. Off to the right and in the far distance Tony spots fields of rolling poppies in full flower. The bright reds and oranges dance in the gentle breezes. It’s gorgeous if not ominous. There might be people that way – poppy fields definitely are worked in this area, but probably by warlords. He’s not considering going back the way they came, even if he could figure that out since the HUD is dead. That leaves the rocky hills behind them, and that doesn’t look like an appetizing way to go at all. He frowns and Blu sniffs the air.
“In the other room. I don’t care to wear high heels longer than I have to. Where did you say your glasses were?” She clatters around on the nightstand and then she slips into the bathroom. He hears her huff. “Here they are.” Her voice has a different pitch in the marble tiled room, and he smiles.
“Yes, I do.” Tony carries him straight to the bathroom and puts Steve down on a cushioned seat. It’s off to the side and Steve always assumed that it was for dressing. Tony starts to undress Steve. “JARVIS bath, you know the temperature.”
“Do you think he’ll use something more -.” Tony clenches his jaw and then spits it out. “Something more personal?” There’s real fear in his eyes, as if the shadows lurking in the storage closet shift and reform into monsters of the past.
Something riles in Tony, something painful and deep. He wants this omega. He wants Steven to like him. They could be friends. It doesn’t have to be so distant and cold. The man challenges him and Tony never in his wildest dreams imagined that he would want an omega like this, never imagined an omega would be this complex. He wants to know him. Even if they cannot be lovers. He wants the man to respond to him on some level other than just biological. He feels a little sick about it as if he’s asking for something that’s wrong. “No, no it isn’t all. I will wash you. I will fucking wash you. Do you understand?”
Tony leads him through the station as if he’s lived here all his life. Natasha knew the prince so it’s no surprise that Tony knows the station well. They weave through the early morning traffic as throngs of people move through the station’s concourse, corridors, and gantries. Most of the station feels more like a building while some of the areas try to mimic the outdoors of the planet Earth. A projected overhead sky with trees and trellises of vines with flowers hanging heavy off the wrought iron gateways decorate the passageways as they head toward the park.
Steve pulls on the t-shirt; it is two sizes too small, but anything to cover up his wounds will do at this point. “Sure.”
Tony grimaces. He hates when Jarvis pulls out the sir. It means he knows Tony’s not paying attention to saner minds. “I will. I will. I wanted to ask you something.”
Breaking their kiss, Tony notches his head against Steve’s shoulder and pants as his hand drifts downward, tugging and then unbuckling Steve’s belt and pants. “Let me touch you, Captain.”
That doesn’t compute and Tony knows it. Just three weeks ago, Steve appeared at Tony’s door with a query, a simple question. To give him a chance. The sun had been bright that day, so golden in its aspect that it set highlights in Steve’s hair, it blushed his cheeks in the light. Tony uttered words, what he said he can’t remember. All he can recall is the warmth that ran through him like a drug. He wanted this – a fantasy come to life.
“I get that. I do. But you seem more comfortable with it.” Tony’s hip hit Steve’s and they stood like that hip to hip. The dream and it’s after effects still resonated.
“He lied to me,” Tony says, and he knows that he grasps at the lowest straws he can to disprove her theory.
“You love them both.” It isn’t even a question but a statement. The comprehension dawns like drops of rain, pattering down in a shwer both predictable and erratic.
“Those are the nascent stars. Stars live a controlled chaotic kind of life. Interstellar clouds birth stars. The instability of the clouds causes it to collapse due to its own gravity. Fun fact – not unlike the way we generate false gravity in stations like Prime.  The materials clump then contract further, the density grows, its temperature rises, and finally the clump becomes a protostar. Then depending on the type of star – which depends a lot on what materials it’s made out of and how much of those materials - it will follow the lifecycle of the Hayashi track. It burns its life away until it either explodes or collapses again.” He shrugs. “It’s a beautifully horrific lifecycle.” His tone turns melancholy.
Sam drank down his smoothie. “You tell me. But really, I think you’re the luckiest guy in the world. You already know. The rest of us poor shmucks? We have no idea. We have to fumble around in the dark. Really, you’re lucky.”
“Let’s just find a way to change things, okay? I don’t like what they’re instituting.” Sam left the room and started to put together a quick meal. “I’ll make you some sandwiches. I have a car on the street. It’s nothing special, but it’ll work for you.”
“Like the body and spirit didn’t recognize one another anymore,” Steve said as Tony added, “The soul is raw energy, not grounded.”
“You haven’t even eaten a salad or wrap or anything else. You can’t eat dessert first.” He dishes out the salad and places one of the wraps on the plastic plate that is masquerading as good China. He offers the filled plate to Tony with a fork and napkin. “Come on now take it.”
“It has been well concealed, except for a few momentary missteps. Humanity has been blissfully unaware,” the caped man said.
“What?” Tony laughs as he reaches out and touches his bedside table with one hand and then placing the empty glass on the coaster. “No. I always need a PA. This job isn’t just about you helping me with the glasses, Steve. I need you here. You’re an integral part of the team. Jarvis, Pepper, all of them. Hell, I might ask Wanda to come and cook so Ana will have some time off.”
“What? Really?” Steve leaps away from the appliance like it’s a monster and blinks his eyes several times.
Steve swallows down the impending panic attack. “As you said, Tony, I’m a prostitute. It’s what I do.”
“I didn’t do anything of the sort, Steve, and you know it.” Tony taps the little toy on its head. “He’s yours.”
The high glass doors that line the one wall of the ballroom were open and Steven had ushered Tony to the balcony of the Council building. The groomed gardens below looked like shadows in the rectangular reflecting pool below them. Two moons were rising while a third was setting. Their pale light glimmered on the reflecting pools below, but Steven commanded attention.
Tony doesn’t face him but turns away, his eyes focused faraway. He only makes a non-committal sound and then claps his hands. “Off to go shopping. We have an event to go to today and I want also to get you something special for tonight. Our trip to the observatory.”
“No, Tony.” Steve shakes his head. “You won’t do this, Ross, because you know that Tony’s more of an asset to your plans than I am. You know you need his tech and his brains.”
“Okay?” Steve wonders if Stark brought his entire household with him on the train from San Francisco.
Tony quaked as if this moment might be the first time he’d ever done this and then he realized the feeling echoed from Steve. Pausing in their explorations, Tony held Steve close and whispered, “I’m here; it’s okay.”
Tony halted right before they approached the emergency room, right before they rejoined the group. Gripping Bruce by the shoulders and trying to stem the flow of his own tears, Tony said, “He called me, he called me Beloved. I have to know, I have to know what- what it means? What does it mean?”
“It’s the preternatural virus mixing with the physicality of human DNA. The Divini is just the next step along the way. The butterfly released from its cocoon.” Shuri shrugged like it was all so boring and obvious to her. “It is the next stage of their evolution with the supernatural viral components of their genome.”
He rolled to his side on the ratty couch as he awaited the arrival of his mate. The fabric of the couch felt more like burlap and scratched. He didn’t really like it and he should get up and retrieve some blood from the refrigerator. The last few days had been taxing. Running from the V-Corps could do that to even the more mature and agile vampire. The war ended, and the V-Corps had been instituted. As a human child he learned of their heroic adventures. Everyone wanted to be part of the Corps. It meant keeping the vamps in line. It meant herding them to their districts in the cities, keeping the farm lands clean of the undead, and keeping them fed on pigs’ blood. It also meant making human mates illegal. It was better than the alternative that had been bandied about at the end of the war. Eradication. Get rid of the disease of the undead like it was a cancer instead of a gift. The Treaty laid out the guidelines. Vampires could live but not on the blood of the living. They had to subsist on pigs’ blood. Everyone knew that animal blood, no matter how rich, ended up being a poor substitute for human blood. All vampires were required to have identification and it should be clearly displayed. Checkpoints outside of vampire conclaves were set up and it felt like living in a kind of prison. It worked for the most part. Conclaves took care of their own, stayed away from terrorists who wanted to either kill all undead or abuse them. Tony had his coven after years of drifting and managing not to get himself killed. The days of being a billionaire playboy had long disappeared. As a vamp he wasn’t allowed to keep his company or most of his inheritance. Thus, the reason he ended up on Vampire’s Row in a boarded up townhouse with pigs’ blood in the cooler. Pepper had been good to him. She funneled him money when he needed it, and his genius hadn’t abandoned him when his brain turned to stone. How did that work, he couldn’t fathom. Generally, though, he kept a low profile. There were enough lunatics that would like to come after him and try and use his smarts and knowledge of the Stark empire for their own good, and to advance a cause he couldn’t support. Not anymore.  Maybe as a young man he had. But things change. He changed.
“I mean,” Tony says and starts to pace in the kitchen. “I mean that I mustn’t have died. Not really – not in the Ornari reality.”
“Really this time. It’s just being drunk and inappropriate. Maybe a little lonely. That’s all.” He hits on an idea to get them to stop badgering him about the recording. “I probably need some friends time. How about after Labor Day we get together? That weekend after? Maybe I can get two days off in a row.”
“You Stark men always take what you want, don’t you?” Steve shoves past Tony and rushes up the stairs. Standing stock still, Tony goes blank, his mind a white space of confusion.
Steve falls down next to him, his helmet torn off. His face smeared with death; he sobs at Tony’s side. He’s bleeding, too. Probably too much blood, especially the slice on his arm. Tony can’t think straight, but he knows he won’t let Steve follow him.
“You never wanted Tony, did you?” He places his mug down on the countertop. He needs to get out and get out fast. He needs the serum to work it’s magic and get Ultron out of his head.
“You can do that?” Natasha had been the one to ask. Vision, Sam, and Wanda stayed to the side, observing.
“Oh.” She looks at Tony then at the men hovering over his shoulder. “Okay.” She draws out the last word. “If you say so.”
Her expression changed, shifting to worry. “I’m not his attending doctor, but I do know that he’s very confused and difficult to understand right now. He hadn’t been responsive until this morning, and now he’s agitated and difficult. Are you sure-.”
Tony laughs. “No, Jarvis, our butler. The AI I invented and named him after our butler. Jarvis was like a father to me. He taught me right from wrong. Set me straight. When I was in my teens Howard had enough of Jarvis’ interference in my development.” He uses Steve’s shoulder as a pillow as he sinks further into the water. “Howard sent Jarvis and his wife, Ana, away. To the Beyonds, near Rac-2. He didn’t last. It’s a frozen moon for god’s sake.” Tony rubs a hand over his face. “One of the reasons I went a little crazy was  - Jarvis died out there. I went on a drinking binge for years. Sexed my way up and down the The Cat’s-Run. I never forgave my father and my mother by association. It’s not like she tried to do anything about it.”
“I’m never wrong,” Tony says, and his gaze falls on the compass still cradled in Steve’s other hand.  “She meant the world to you, didn’t she?”
“I had a stuffed toy lion with blue eyes, just like yours.” Tony waves his hand in the air as if he’s orchestrating a play of his past. “I carried that thing around everywhere. Drove dear ol’ Howard mad. Thought I was a sissy boy.” He chuckles and it hurts like there’s a gaping hole to hell in his chest. “Little did he know.” Tears come to his eyes again. He doesn’t fight them. “Guess it doesn’t matter now. Just you, me, and the witch doctor.”
“No deal, Cap. It’s Natasha. And she knows a great deal about this soul pack stuff. It’s part of her job to know. I didn’t want to tell you this, but part of Natasha’s assignment includes keeping you and your pack safe. Not only from the outside, but from the inside.” Fury passed right over what exactly that meant; pursuit of the subject obviously off limits by his demeanor. “Plus, lucky for you, she brought in one of the world’s experts in soul packs.”
If Ultron physically speared him through the heart it would hurt less. He licks his lips and fists his hands, trying to steady himself. “You’re not him.”
Looking down, he pulls out a bit so that he can see the outer ring muscle abused by the width of his cock. It’s perverse and beautiful. Tony rocks into the man, allowing himself the luxury of sensation as the man tries anything to release his cock from his hold.
“Steve, Bucky was my trainer. He was in the Red Room with me. We bonded then. It was never a sexual bond, but it was a soul mate bond. No pack, just the two of us trying to get through the grueling training.”
That stopped him. Steve dropped his hand from his face and stared at her. She must be talking to some other Steve, in some other dimension. Natasha only paused for a moment and then she pursued her course of explanation. “I’m not, either. I haven’t been for decades. Neither is Thor. He – well – he hasn’t been a vampire for centuries.”
Howard chuckled, but it sounded more amused than laced with malice. “Here, have a go at it.” He placed a notebook in front of Tony. “That’s all we have left of Erskine’s notes.”
“Well, Fury can be a motherfucker, but he’s an intelligent, fair man at the same time. He’ll be with us if we need him,” Clint replied.
Squinting, he opens his eyes again to the brilliant lights around him. Closest to him is Tony, though it’s hard to make out his features with all of the digital input. He waits for his eyes to adjust, blinking several times as his eyes water in the bright light.
“This is important work, Obie. I’m trying to help our troops. With the work Erskine is doing and these Vita-Rays, we can make a real difference.”
He grips the knob of the suite’s door. “I’ll be in the suite, awaiting what punishment you decide I deserve.” He exits then and Tony finds he’s shaking with both anger and frustration.
“So, the nanites home to my optical pathway and then the virotherapy knows where to go. Why not just use the nanites to do the whole shebang?”
“What do you want to say?” She eyed him as he sat down, as his shoulders slumped, as all the pain drained through him and left him open and aching.
“You’re more of an observer of people than I gave you credit for,” Steve said and crossed his arms over his chest. He looked satisfied, happy even.
Steve presses his lips together as memories of the evening flood through his brain. Embarrassingly, he’s hot and sweating as he thinks about Tony pressed up against him. He feels the pool drain further down into his groin and he clears his throat. He needs to focus. He’d like to think that the doctor is telling the truth, but the fact remains that Tony and Steve barely know one another. “He doesn’t really know me, does he?”
“Have you ever thought about building something instead of breaking the other factions. I mean, why not build those alliances and then -.” Steve shrugs. He’s not a politician. “Then maybe have an election or something for chair or secretary general of the Conclave.”
The gall is more than annoying. It’s absolutely insulting, but at the same time Tony’s strangely attracted to the man. “Well, you need training. You talk out of turn and without respect.”
Family? For a moment the words displace him and he recalls being in the hospital as a child. But he’s not a child and this isn’t the hospitals of the 20s or 30s when he grew up. This room with its gadgets and equipment are far from what he knows and what he learned as a child. The nurse comes back with a tray. A cup of water and a few small round crackers are on the tray. She adjusts his bed and he’s sitting up, looking at nothing but a wall of equipment and the dull lights shining down from above.
“No, my neurologist doesn’t have a clue. He’s that good of a doctor,” Tony snaps back and then stops. He screws up his mouth. “You’re joking. You were very tricky, you made sure not to put a sarcastic tone in your voice. The great American war hero, Captain Rogers is a bit of a shithead.”
Steve enters the mansion and snaps his mouth shut, gawking at the place just shows his lack of class. He cringes. No wonder, Tony would never see anything in him. Steve’s dreams are just that – a fantasy of a man who thinks too much of himself.
When they enter the shop guards in tow, the milling crowd stops and all eyes turn to them. They focus not on the entire entourage, but on Tony and by association Steve. One of the salespersons walks over to the prince and greets him with a heady salutation that drips with insincerity and Steve cannot even be bothered to listen to the man.
Tony dropped the heavy cooler on the stone pavement of the porch. “I told you Happy, you don’t need to make the entire place dark. Just block out the sun.”
“You looked out to the docks. You just stepped away from me.” Steve raises his eyebrow at Tony. “You’re not supposed to be accessing the implant right now. The upgrade hasn’t even been tested. It could fry your brain.”
Clint moved then. He walked over to Tony and placed a hand on his shoulder. “I’m sorry. I’ll do what I can.”
He thinks he’s broken and will always be broken, but he thinks she already knows that – after all Natasha seems to know everything. The cold is outside, not inside and he can function again. “Yeah. I will be.”
Over the course of the next few days, Tony spent hours doting on Steve until his mate chased him away. “Please, Tony, go to your workshop or something. Make yourself useful. You don’t have to watch me eat every morsel of food.”  He still looked too pale to Tony, but at least he functioned a little more normally. He had more energy, though not up to his super soldier amounts. He could stand up without getting as lightheaded. The synthetic blood did its job and bolstered his blood system, but it was the serum working overtime that would save Steve.
“Maybe,” Tony said and then after a pause added, “You know this soul pack thing isn’t going to go anywhere if we don’t figure it out. Strange is right about that.”
Tony tries to wipe away the tears but the pour down his cheeks. “It doesn’t matter, JARVIS. Nothing you can do can make any of it better.”
Through the trauma’s haze, the bonds sang out to him from all of the team members of the pack. Rain poured down as Thor tried to stop him from his position above the fortress. There was no way for Thor to join them since Hydra forces still attacked and he kept them at bay. Part of Tony knew he needed to focus on the task at hand, but every wound leaking through the bonds from Barnes tore apart his soul.
“He’s not dead, I know he’s not, I can feel it.” The strange thing is – Tony isn’t lying and he’s not exaggerating. It feels like an afterthought, an echo of the past reverberating in his head. He cannot place or explain it. It’s there, ever present.
That wasn’t the Captain America Tony knew and loved. He barely fought. The strains of his torture clarified to Tony. Whatever they had done from electrical shock to rape had stripped away Steve’s reserves. Before they had been captured, Tony had already drunk too much. Now, Steve had little left to protect himself.
Instead of continuing his ascent up the stairs, the doctor steps down and says, “Sometimes it isn’t about wealth, Sheriff. Sometimes it’s about living life on your own terms. Tony is someone who wants to live his life as full as he can, while he can. If he’s fond of you, I would take that as a sincere compliment and, if you’re truly interested, consider returning his affections.”
“No!” He sat next to Tony. “I just – I want you to feel comfortable, too. I don’t want you to sacrifice for me.” Was that true? “I want you to be with me.” He took in a deep breath, held it, and then released it. “Talking to T’Challa changed everything again. I feel like I’m desperately trying to catch up.”
“That has got to be painful, buddy. But I have to start a fire first so I can see what I’m up against.” Blu scrapes at his mouth again with his paw, but Tony stops him. “No. Have some patience, okay?”
Pietro wakes him up for his watch and Steve thanks him. He notes that Tony’s moved and doesn’t look at peaceful anymore. “How has he been?”
As if to challenge his desire to stay apart from the nascent team called the Avengers, Tony ended up facing the Mandarin on his own a little over a year after the whole Battle of New York fiasco. He would have thought that protecting the world from a madman would clarify in his brain what he wanted out of being Iron Man. By all rights, the very act of being a loner and finding a way to save the world again should have validated his feelings. Instead it ate a hole in his core. In the end he threw everything away simply to try and run from the fear, the darkness growing and aching within him.
“A lion?” Tony rubs at his overgrown beard. “I guess it could be true. It could happen. If the tesseract is a doorway to other dimensions through space you might have folded in with another reality, merged with what you are in another reality.” The vision of a Corvid flutters through his mind. “So, you’re really not Blu at all.”
Sighing, Steve collapses into the chair behind the desk and then waves the crew out of his jailhouse. “You might as well get some sleep. It’ll be a long night and we have to figure out just who’s behind this.”
Steve smiled and cradled Tony’s face in his hands. “Yeah we did.” No part of him regretted it. In fact, he wanted to rejoice that the burden of self-denial had been lifted.
Tony squeezes his hand, closes his eyes once, and then opens them. There are tears on his cheeks, a baptismal blessing. Steve traces the lines of tears with his finger and then cups Tony’s cheek, looking to the eyes of his love. Tony always orients himself to Steve’s voice. Always. Steve whispers his name with an awed reverence.
Tony blinks away the sinking feeling, but not really. It stays hovering over him like a shadow. He swallows down his exhaustion and fear to ask, “Richards, you there?”
“Well, if we’re going to be together we might as well lay it all on the line. The good, the bad, the beautiful (that’s me), and the ugly.” He munches a bit on the sandwich.
Stirring, stirring – then it slows and comes to a halt. He looks up at the tiled back splash behind the stovetop. “What’s that?” He doesn’t turn around to face Tony. They are so in sync, Tony knows he knows. They both know. It’s not a secret it’s a big fat honking elephant in the room.
“Yeah? So what did you learn so far?” Bruce said as he went to the closet and retrieved a broom and dustpan. He went through the motions as if cleaning up debris was second nature and Tony supposed it must be by now. “Anything I could use?”
“Believe me,” Tony whispers and gathers Steve in his arms and kisses him. “Don’t think less of me. For all my life people have thought less of me because of my name. Please don’t you start.”
Tony shifted and turned around to look at Steve. “Really, you would like to spend time in the workshop?”
He ended up in a small cell no bigger than a broom closet with his arms and legs chained to the floor. He sat there, desperately worried for Steve’s welfare, and increasingly hungry. That latter made no sense. He’d eaten his fill so many times over the last few days it was ridiculous. By all accounts he was bloated with blood. Yet, every part of him tingled with want and it shamed him. Here he was imprisoned, his love and mate wounded and unaccounted for, and all he could think of was the deliciousness of his next meal. He thought about attacking the next V-Corps agent that walked in the door. How delightful it would be to sink his fangs into his throat, but then the memory of what they planned to do to him flittered across his mind like a macabre butterfly. Cut out his feeding gland, remove his fangs, transform him into some kind of mindless zombie.
“No.” Steve touched the glass stabbing into Bucky and when he did the man winces. “You don’t get to come here and be Prince Charming. This is not a fairy tale. This is not how it works. In any way.”
The beat of tension ran through him, echoing in his stone heart and in his petrified lungs. “Shit, this isn’t good.”
“Time to face the music,” Tony says. No sense in delaying it. He needs to deal with it like a man. He can almost hear his father’s voice echoing in his head. He cringes and rinses the soap and shampoo away.
“Mainly art. He’s working on a comic book,” Tony says. “I think he’s good. When I was still using the glasses, I peeked at his sketches. Very good. The story isn’t half bad either.” Tony shrugs. “Once in a while he goes on hikes or takes the boat out. Most of the time, he’ll ask me to come along with him.”
It only took another few seconds and, in those moments, Steve rounded up the energy signatures, checking on everyone until he realized that his ping to Tony hadn’t come back. He grappled back to his feet and sloshed through the water to Tony.  Muddy waters surrounded Tony, but the armor remained silent. “Tony, Tony!”
She shakes her head. “Not yet. But Thor did mention that he needs to go back home and discuss things with their father. I think he’s starting to get homesick. I suppose it will depend on Jane.”
Steve whipped his attention to Tony and, through clenched teeth, said, “Leave him be. He’s bleeding, he’s hurt.”
Had Natasha laid a trap for Clint – they’d called her the Black Widow vampire for a reason. Some part of Steve hated her in that moment as they drove through the night into the next day.
“I have to help him,” Steve had said and he didn’t look at Tony. He focused solely on Bucky as the man seemed to shift through a flickering consciousness. While only moments ago he was present and vibrant in his hatred and anger, he seemed to have fallen into a shadowed pit where he could not parse truth from fiction, past from present.
Tony can’t curtail a smile from curving his lips. “That’s some speech there. I like the cocky attitude. I like how you think. I’m not interested in what you want to do five years from now, nor am I interested in how you work on a team. I want you to know that being my PA means that you are totally one hundred percent dedicated to me. You would move into the Tower. You would be at my beck and call all day and all night. You will have one day off every ten days-.”
Talking with Natasha brought Tony full circle. How productive it ended up being, Tony couldn’t assess. Over the next few days, Tony decided to dedicate himself to remaining scarce, or showing a low profile around the Tower. He made it his business to show up in the kitchen or the living room around lunch time to see if Steve would be lurking. While each of the team had their own floors of the Tower, JARVIS had informed Tony that they liked to spend time with one another during the day or even late into the night. With that in mind, Tony hung out but tried to stay in the back ground as he assessed the team as well as Steve. What he concluded gave him hope. Steve liked to lunch with some of the pack. He would start cooking up something in the early afternoon. Like a short order cook, he would take orders and place plates of grill cheese, bowls of homemade soup, or even the occasional bowl of chili or hamburger in front of his eager customers. Natasha always showed up as did Thor. The latter still seemed shell shocked with the soul link and Bruce spent a lot of time with him.
Logan takes out a cigar but doesn’t light it. He just lets it hang out of his mouth. “So you’re entangled with your other selves.”
“Yeah, they have ‘em still. Not a lot of people know about them. But I do. Out beyond even the Purge Rim. Stalls of omegas, strapped up and ready for use. Any time you fuck them they come. They want to be treated like objects, I’m telling you. Stalls are the future.” He laughed then and that was the beginning of Tony’s training.
“No. Doctor Erskine has known me since I was a kid. Sam and I were in the same unit in the Army,” Steve says and clasps his hands together. He’s squeezing them repeatedly.
Nodding, Tony grips Steve again and brings him back to his feet. Steve’s legs want to fail him but Tony with Nat’s help gets him moving and hopes that the forward momentum will encourage him to keep moving. They are only a few meters from the door when Rumlow slams open the office door and roars like a mad dog.
Off in the distance he can hear the sounds of people talking, the conference attendees are gathering. He doesn’t have a choice in the matter, he needs to move forward and get the meeting started. He puts the glasses back and asks, “J how long until Steven’s ready to join the meeting.”
Steven had stared at him in some kind of shock. “And that didn’t clue you in? Were you that desperate for love and affection from a father figure?” Right then and there, Tony almost fell into the trap of reprimanding Steven. He even considered a punishment or two but Steven’s next words chilled his blood. “He manipulated you, he made you love him as a father, and you were a child. Innocent. Vulnerable, looking for guidance.” He spouted off the words as if he knew the memories intimately, as if he’d heard stories and maybe he had. There were more servants in his household that had been with him during those years than Tony wanted to admit. Yet even as he watched, he saw Steven’s nostrils flare, and he looked like a cat of prey about to hunt.
“What?” Bruce squeezed up his face and sat away from Steve. “You need to do some studying on the subject-.”
Tony looks up the ceiling, hoping it will stop the tears from falling, but his cheeks are wet, and the sobbing breaths steal the air from his lungs. He doesn’t want to be the man he used to be. He wants to be someone good. He wants to erase the deaths of innocents from his hands.
Jarvis smiled and thanked her. Tony grabbed the book and nearly toppled over from its weight. Its size ungainly, Tony managed with Ana’s help to place it on a table and crawl into the chair to open it. The book smelled old and used and he loved it instantly. He flipped through the pages to the table of contents and saw that most of the book concentrated on the last days in Europe and the last days in the Pacific theater as they called it. There was an entire chapter on the atomic bomb.
“The serum makes him the Perfect Seed, right?” Bruce asks. Logan only nods in response. “But the question is how he is – the other Steve, the other Tony – linked to our Steve, and our Tony.”
“This has been wild ride, Steve. Just so wild. I can’t believe it’s almost over,” Tony says and downs the rest of the drink.
“Stay.” Tony uses his most authoritative tone. “I want a Personal Assistant that is more than a simple gal Friday. Do you know what that is?”
His gaze drifts through the crowd and he admits to himself, he’s searching for Tony – and he finds him. He stands out. He’s the only one wearing a white tuxedo with a sharp steel gray vest. Instead of a bow tie he has something like an amulet at his throat closing the gap at the collar of his dress shirt. It gleams with a blue light. It bathes the front of his tuxedo in an ephemeral glow, giving Tony an almost fantastical essence. By his side is Pepper and Steve swallows down the ache in his chest as he sees the sparkle in Tony’s eyes as he watches the crowd through his glasses.  He curses Strange for bringing him here. He shouldn’t have come. He was tossed aside from his employment and told he hadn’t protected Tony. His philosophy on how to be a personal assistant, a friend, maybe something more isn’t wanted here. Steve turns to leave and manages to bump right into Rhodes.
“You’ve made a grave mistake.” Sorrow laces her tone. “Going in this deep for someone out of your league is fool’s play. You’re going to end up hurt and worse, not hurt or worse. You understand that, right?”
“So tight, so fucking tight. So, so good.” Tony shoves and rocks; he’s lost in the feeling, Steve’s seen it before, but at the same time the prince watches Steve. He never takes his eyes off Steve. There’s something yearning there in his gaze, in his eyes, as if he longs for a connection, he’s never had.
He sank into the Mantra, listening to Tony speak it as if he flew – as if he rushed toward some untouchable goal. At first, the way Tony chanted the Mantra gave the impression that he didn’t much care, that it was a chore he needed to do and that he hated it – but truth existed beneath the surface. Steve followed, dove deep through the bond. With powerful strokes, he moved through the Mantra to seek out and find the waves of the bond. It wasn’t difficult, the way that Tony showed him with the words, the cadence of his words. It might not be a traditional chant, but it entranced and elevated with a hint of joyful playfulness. It occurred to Steve that this must be the way that Tony felt while flying in the armor.
Her smile beamed. “Yes, I am. I’m surprised you know that. It’s kind of an esoteric topic of research.”
It takes a moment for Steve to catch up, much of his language is still rooted in his last assignment, so it takes a moment before he figures out what Tony must be talking about – “If you want?”
Tony pulls away and Steve feels empty for the loss of his heat, the loss of his touch. “You don’t want to go down that path.”
Taking her hand, Tony grasps it. Her fingers are slender but strong. He always thought of her as powerful but graceful. Her fragrance reminds him of lilacs in springtime. “Much better.”
The agents on the opposite side of the car opened up the back passenger side door. One of the agents opened an umbrella and another one brought a blanket to cover Tony. Steve breathed a sigh of relief. Maybe Rumlow was telling the truth after all. As his own arms were yanked behind his back and cuffs clicked into place, an agent guided Tony out of the car. The blanket fully shrouded him.
“No, Bucky this, or Bucky that, you’re supposed to run the Rails with us.” Bucky swivels around Steve, fingers waves his metal hand at Natasha, but then turns right back to Steve. “We can’t win this thing without you.”
The omega manages to look a little less defeated and a lot more disgusted with Tony. “I’d rather suffer the Chains.”
“Why do you say that?” Tony asked as the hairs on the back of his neck rose. What the hell had Steven heard? It is common practice for omegas to gather intel on other alphas as they grouped together. The idea that Steven may have picked up on something is unsettling. “Did you hear something? From who?”
Jarvis glowers at him. “I will bring the tea momentarily. Dinner will be served in the dining room within the hour.” He nods once to Steve and then disappears back into the mudroom and through to the kitchen.
“Stop projecting them,” Tony teased and they lapsed into silence – still holding hands and staring into the fire. They sat together, quiet and abiding for a long time, but it felt like only seconds to Steve before Strange appeared.
He knew her as a woman of power, of character, of ruthlessness. When the Council claimed ownership of the human worlds, she willingly went along. She was orphaned during the Omega Uprising. It must have changed her because she became a force in the Council.  It wasn’t something he ever spoke to his mother, Aria, about – she wasn’t approachable in that way.
“Why you think your life will be over if you cannot see, I don’t know.” Jarvis squeezes his shoulder. “You are a remarkable man, Anthony. One who the world looks up to and asks to lead. You are much more than your sight.”
“Every day, and Jarvis too. It’s been a long time since I had anyone to share my memories of them with, you know. Obie? Well, Obie was there and sees things a little differently than I do.”
College turned into everything Tony hoped and everything he feared. He drank too much, studied all the time, partied more than that and cried in his apartment alone. He spent many hours in his posh apartment clutching Blu and whispering how he wanted more than this – more than a life tied to death and tied to his name – Stark. It wasn’t until he met Rhodey in his second year and last year as an undergrad that things changed. Sure, he still drank, still partied, still studied, but Rhodey gave him more purpose, more hope. Rhodey liked him. Tony left Blu behind more and more. He figured it was okay. Since it was just a sign of growing up. He figured Blu didn’t really need him. After all, he was just a toy. This wasn’t Toy Story and Blu didn’t miraculously come alive when Tony left the room. The little toy ended up in a corner of his room, stuffed on a shelf behind a collection of philosophical books on the greater meaning of theoretical physics.
Tony can’t help but notice his bare feet. Even his god-damned feet are beautiful and Tony’s not a foot man – or at least he didn’t used to be.
“Good, that sounds perfect. I want you to use me all night long.” He kisses Steve. “I want you to use me, my Captain.”
It’s surprises Tony that Steve could ever be shy. He places the drawings back on the table and turns his full attention to Steve. Sliding his hands against his well defined chest then upward to the nape of his neck. He leans in and presses his mouth to Steve’s. It’s liquid like the finest bourbon, hot and enticing at the same time. It incites something deep inside of him, his groin heats and coils with want. He’ll do whatever Steve wants or if he wants nothing at all, that’s what he’ll do.
“Let’s face it, Rogers, you’re not always acting like a leader, either,” Natasha replied and with that lash, she walked out of the room and down the hall. He watched her go, feeling the sting of her words and knowing he deserved every syllable of it. God, what had he been thinking? Expecting Bucky to be a man he’d known so many years ago was ridiculous, but at the same time was it stupid to want to hope?
“Stop being sexist, boss. You know I don’t have a gender. Plus, if I was a woman that would be very sexist and patronizing.”
Steve and Tony grow closer. Tony feels like he's finally figured out the pack and what it means to be Beloved. Of course, that only works if there aren't unknowns to be considered....
“I won’t.” Tony has the gauntlet on and he’s out the thick steel door in seconds before Steve can wish him well.
A man in a purple shirt and tight leather pants greets him. He has a bow strapped to his back. “What can I do for you?”
“Excuse me, I’m looking for Clint Barton?” he said and one of the not-nurses pointed to the hall. She had on a lab coat and had what he assumed was a pipet in her hand. “Okay.” He followed the silent direction down the hallway toward the large glass windows that looked out to the steel mountains of the city. The whole of Manhattan looked to be at his feet. It was beautiful and classic all at once. It brought back memories.
“You’re right though. We have some tests to run. Make sure that I can tolerate the upgrade and that the implant stays stable.” He nods as if he’s trying to convince himself that he can’t have this quietude, this bliss, this joy at this moment. It’s too fragmentary and hopeful.
Sam rubbed at his eyes and then asked,  “Where’s here? What friends?” He grabbed at the side of the table as if he might leap off.
Steven smiles and there’s something about it, as if he’s remembering something from his past life. “I believe you can.”
Raising an eyebrow, Obie replies, "Just don't let that great piece of ass distract you too much. You need to be out in Malibu next week for the Directors’ meeting.  They want to see you, the wonder boy, not me."
Pepper touched his shoulder. She knew he had a human just not who. It was better to keep these things secret. She had even offered herself once. Early on during his youngest days when the thirst would come over him and he hadn’t mated. But he couldn’t do that to her. But he had to Steve. And now Steve would be caught up in this nightmare.
“No, yes, yes, I knew her.” Steve says and looks into the middle distance. “No point in stopping now. Right?”
The man with a riot of dark curls and soft eyes puts a cool cloth on Steve’s forehead and then reaches to peel back the wound dressing. Steve startles but another voice, one Steve cannot place, chimes in, “Let the doc do his work.”
The voice rings in his head and he opens his eyes. He hears the rumble of the engine before he realizes his surroundings look like Tony’s private jet. He’s in the back of the plane. He recognizes the large queen-sized bed. The lights are low and he can hear the monitors still beeping around him. The nasal cannula in his nostrils smells like new plastic.
“Nope. I bet I’m not. Maybe it’s your commitment to 40s music. Like you never listen to anything else.”
“It is,” Tony says. The man in the cell remains frozen as he observes them. “This isn’t about fairy tales or even revolutions. This is about history. Sometimes, the way forward isn’t the path we want to take but something that presents itself.”
“There’s no word, but the leader has been pillaging villages and scorching the Earth as he rages about the lion.”
Tony smiles at him when he catches Steve’s stare. He reaches across the space between them. “We’re going to do this.”
He recognizes the hunger in Tony’s eyes. Shame fills him. He had a life to live, and he squandered it. Still, his voice comes out strong and firm. “You had a life to live. You lost that life. I didn’t. Not really. I had friends who would easily move on without me. I had no attachments. I had nothing left. Not there.”
Thor slaps Tony on the back. “I do not understand your bonding rituals or your biological needs any more than I understand my brother’s magic, but there are many things in this universe I was not meant to understand. I am pleased to know you have such a stalwart and worthy omega by your side. Do him well, and he shall serve you well.”
Tall, broad shouldered, handsome as hell, and trying to shrink his way into the shadows. Tony eyed him for a few minutes before he crossed the room and went to talk to the man. Before Tony opened his mouth though, the man nodded once and pointed to the back. Tony knew what would be through the narrow hallway – rooms. Rooms where not only blood would be taken, but also, he could have whatever he wanted from the man. He offered it all. Tony had licked his lips in anticipation. It had been a long time since he’d had a satisfying meal.
“Not yet. It hasn’t been anything visual. I tested Barton to see if it was something to do with him and he – it can’t be. He glitches too much. Ultron’s constantly having to reboot him. Not really, but he isn’t it.” Tony sighs. “This might take longer than we hoped.”
Steve finds he’s nearly hyperventilating after the doctor’s statement. He takes a few calming breathes. “What the hell was that about?”
Strange says, “We’ve tried. Even with spinal cord delivery, we’re unable to ensure an efficacious dose of the growth factors. The viral therapy we can do several doses with different packages for delivery. The nanites cause too much immune response. Even mitigating the dosage for immune tolerance hasn’t worked efficiently.”
“You want me to put the coffee on hold? I mean we should try these out.” Tony quirks a brow. “For science.”
Steve giggled – actually giggled – at him. “No. But I want to. I really want to. Maybe you could.” Steve dropped his head back onto the couch. “Maybe you-.”
Rumlow shook his head. “No can do with the mouth restraint. It’s bolted in place. That baby has to come out with surgery.” He cranked the wrench and Tony caught sight of a trickle of perspiration dripping down from beneath the mask.
If Steve wanted to be truthful with himself (and he routinely went that path), the whole soul pack thing left a bad taste in his mouth. It wasn’t that he didn’t like Bruce; he happened to think that man had been given a pretty horrible fate which in some ways Steve internalized and blamed on himself. The idea that the serum could be properly repeated, the whole experiment from top to bottom, was predicated on the idea that the serum worked the same in all people. While Steve hated to admit the reason the serum worked the way it did in him happened to be because of who he tried to be, in the end after reading all the failed attempts, he had to agree with Erskine.
The press of purpose bends him, hurts him. He’s always tried to be a good man, but can he be the good husband. Can he give what his Hermi needs? He doesn’t answer. He wonders if he can answer.
“I know what happened to you,” Natasha said and reached out to touch his face. He flinched but allowed her to do it. “It’s spectacular, how you’ve transformed.”
“I’m trying, do you want to help?”  Steve runs his fingers along the seams of the door, checking all of the hinges.
Tony half smiles and it’s more beautiful than it should be in the hellhole. The leader snickers and walks over to Steve. In a long spew of dialogue he goes on at Steve. But the language interpreter Fury endowed Steve with is partial and he’s only able to catch every few words, snatches of their meaning and purpose.
Tony comes to his side, helps him get back to a comfortable position on the bed and tugs up some sheets. “Stay here for a minute, I want to catch her.”
“You’ve made a grave mistake, Captain. You should have never played your hand. I assume you don’t win at poker very often.”
“Hey, I don’t think we qualify for that,” Tony said as his laughter faded, but he didn’t move away. He snuggled closer.
The water is clear and cold, refreshing and precious. If Schmidt wins his battle and the territorial government doesn’t get off their asses and come help, the town of Avenge is going to perish along with all of the settlers and ranchers along the riverbed, not to mention the native tribes of the area.
He stares at it for a number of minutes, unmoved and frozen as he watches the winking lights of the projection flicker about him. He recalls a time he stood on the greatest Way Station of them all, the Chromes Domes. The suite of rooms on the upper branches of the domes, a place he thought he would never see, he shared with Tony Stark – Courtesan of the Guild. Desired, mysterious, handsome. It all went to hell then, shortly after he and Tony were thrown into a war and they turned over the Human Space, revolted against the insidious Ultron and his legion of drones.
Yet his Companion yelps and turns her head to him, her pricked ears pointed toward him, her blue crystal eyes like the summer sky pierce with an unnatural ice. She looks at him and everything drains away. Only her essence, her existence whispers to him and he knows at that moment he's just experienced something profound and wondrous.
The Hub isn’t anything that Steve imagined, but it’s not a place or a virtual reality, but a state of mind. The Hub is built on the mind of a devious, unforgiving artificial intelligence. Not some entity capable of empathy or understanding but an analytical being that simply put facts together, erased of any emotion or humanity. It may have once stated its purpose to destroy and then recreate the world in its own image, but the underlying reality is far different.
“Hey, I’m just saying. But really, don’t tell me you didn’t have more opportunities when you, you know.” He waves at Steve to indicate the whole package.
Tony went through the cupboard again. “I think I saw something. Ah, here they are.” He pulled out two dented tin cups from the shelf behind the table. “I guess these will do.” He brought them over to the fire.
“An old buddy of mine decided I didn’t need my teeth,” Clint says and his words are muffled by the swelling of his jaw. He shrugs. “Don’t worry about it. Take care of him, and don’t let him in here. Someone’s in a very bad mood.”
Tony rubs his thumbs against the backs of Steve’s slim hands. “It’s all I can ask for, isn’t it? We all have places in this god awful society. But -.” He stops and doesn’t elaborate. Instead he goes on a different track. “This cock warming, I’m a little spent from earlier. I probably won’t even get it up for a few hours.”
Rolling onto his side, his shoulder pings in pain both phantom and real. He can’t decide if his imprisonment or Bucky’s experience as a tortured soldier could be rated as worse. At least Steve ended up with all his limbs intact. With these thoughts as his companion, he finds his way to slumber.
“No, I hadn’t checked out the second floor yet.” He looks up at the expansive arching ceiling with its exposed beams and log work.
“Stay quiet,” Natasha says and keeps at her work while Bucky presses the one hand he still has on the opposite shoulder. “Damn he’s using those strange bullets again.”
He forgoes the makeup and follows Tony out to the main room. In silence they both settle at the dining table to another glory of food. There’s so much it almost causes Steve to burst out crying again – his emotions too close to the surface.
Once they had landed in New York, Steve turned on his efficient, professional persona. He ordered the team back to the Tower, talked with Thor at length, and then followed the path toward the waiting limos. He hadn’t ensured that he took the same limo as Tony, in fact he begged off, saying he needed to spend some time with Thor. Tony hurt because of it, but Tony tried to understand the shock and confusion Thor must be experiencing from being chosen as one of the pack. He’d been there, he’d done that. Seeing Thor and Steve together reminded Tony a lot of how Rhodey and he worked together – brothers in arms. It felt right. He couldn’t begrudge Thor his time with his pack leader and friend.
“That’s easier said than done,” Steve said and glared at Natasha. She arched a brow. The unspoken question and truth weighed between them. He accepted his label and rubbed at the brand on his wrist. “I need you, Clint, to go out there and give me some eyes in the sky. Thor, I’m not putting you in the sky because I don’t know Tony’s mindset right now. I don’t want a knock down right now. We have to ease him into acceptance. Once we get Tony to at least disarm – that is take off the armor – then you can step in.” Steve turned back to Bruce and Natasha. “Bruce I need you to stay here and keep the twins out of the way. I do not want them mixing in here. We need a clear slate. Natasha, you need to go out and find Bucky. Keep him at a distance so that Thor and I can get Tony to take off the armor and sit down and talk.”
“Oh?” That’s right. Steve has every 7th day off. To do whatever a comic book artist does – something with some type of comic book called Iron Man or something. That’s what he just told Tony – or that’s what Tony thinks he heard. All he can think about is his empty, cold hands. “That’s right. Well, see you then on Sunday, Steve.”
Meeting Tony had saved Steve’s life. Up until that moment when their blood intermingled Steve had taken a fatalistic view of his life. He flaunted his abilities with a disregard for his own safety. Sure, he’d ensured the well-being of his team, but if something risky came along he jumped on it. Danger fueled him. He rushed headlong into hell. In hindsight he recognized his own tendencies to end things. That moment after they mated changed everything. Steve wanted to beg for death at that time. He wanted to get out of a world he never asked for. When he downed the plane in the North Atlantic, he never asked for survival. He never asked for anyone to find him. Bucky was dead. Peggy had been his lifeline. Sure, vampires had been welcomed into the ranks, and there had been so much talk about changing things after the war. Maybe it was the religious conservative hawks who put the brakes on it.  It didn’t matter. Not to Steve. Not when he woke up and found out that after WWII, humans and vampires ended up in another global conflict that nearly wiped out all the vampires due to the Blight, a scourge put on the vampire population by unscrupulous humans. Waking up to the new century and the new restrictions on vampires killed a part of Steve’s faith in humanity.
Obie drags Steve to the kitchen as the wait staff and chefs scatter. He’s shoved into a chair as Obie stands over him. “Tony has always been rash with his decisions. I’m not surprised a Kree spy ended up under his roof.”
Shrugging, Sawyer answered, “Not much anymore. It’s learned the repercussions.” He leaned in as if to share a confidence. His breath smelt like old fish. Tony coughed. “Once I heard they whipped 18704 and nearly killed it. Took weeks for it to come out of its coma. We got recordings of it. If you want to see it.” He glanced at the van with a fake studious pondering. “You might need to. You gotta understand how dangerous this thing is.”
His wings expand outward and Tony drifts away from him, wading into the waters. Steve spreads his wings as he kneels into the water. The splints only a minor hindrance, his wings lie on the surface of the waves. The water runs over him, like a blessing. It washes and cleans, the sores and broken bones ease as the pain melts away. It cools the fever of healing. He sinks below the surface for a long minute until he breaks the water’s edge and allows the ocean to take him.
“That doesn’t make you a disappointment,” Sam said. “I don’t believe the mother of Steve Rogers would be that judgmental.”
Tony wipes his hair back from his face. “Steve, what is it? What’s wrong?” Fear roils in his belly. He pushed too far too fast. “What’s wrong?”
“He did this to you, he did this to you and you’re angry with me?” His breathes come in short gasps. “Look what the fuck he did to you. Do you have broken ribs, shit, you have broken ribs.”
“Yeah, not sure what Steve got from me. But he almost immediately tried to stop his transfer of data or memories or whatnot.” Bruce put the heels of his hands into his eyes and pushed. “God, I should have stayed in India.”
Tony listens to his feet whisper away, all the time aching for his glasses. He needs them. If he’d had them this stranger, this interloper wouldn’t have seen him in his most vulnerable state. What had he been thinking? Going away, pretending, playing house with Steve as a blind man. This idea was all madness, is all madness. He needs to get out of here and get his fucking glasses back. As he stands up, he hears the distinct footsteps of Vision and Steve.
Tony twisted his mouth like he bit into a lemon. “Right, an open mind. Like that will work with the idea that someone who is Brother is my parents’ killer. You do remember that part.”
“She’s gone, Tony, gone,” Steve said and, as he looked up to meet Tony’s gaze, that same feeling of alienation and isolation pulsed through the bond. The anguish grew and Tony dropped to sit next to Steve, not sure he could remain standing.
Tony chews on his lower lip for a second and then asks, “You have everything? Both laptops? The external hard drives, the data?”
“You said it was days,” Steve replies. Or did he? His gut throbs in a painful rhythm with his heart. “Didn’t you?”
Tony smiles but it’s small and wistful. “Yes. A team. Steve. You were Captain America, and you led the Avengers.”
Steve made love to Tony with his mouth without even once touching his dick which was still straining in his pants. It set Tony’s nerves singing and he had a hard time concentrating on reciprocity.
“I heard that he’s also signed some documents that she’ll bare him an heir in the future if he does get married.” Luke throws another sash into the discard pile.
“What?” Steve screws up his face as if he’s trying to compute a quadratic equation in his head (which granted Tony can do, but most people can’t). “I don’t understand. You know?”
Steve burst out laughing as they entered the barn. The stench might have impeded them, but as they climbed to the loft and found their way to the back of the barn and opened the door to the small room the smell wafted away. When they closed the door entirely the smell faded to only that of hay and raw wood. In the corner of the 8 foot by 10 foot room a small potbellied stove sat. Next to it several different bows were lined up on the wall. Opposite of the black stove, the threadbare blue couch with multiple slumped cushions sat. To the right side of the couch a window opened to the fresh air of the farm around them. No glass, but a sliding barn door to close over it, if they chose to use it.
“He is our best sniper,” Phillips mused and then nodded. “You have forty-eight hours before we come in there and take him. If he hasn’t calmed down, I will have him removed from the unit.”
“For Christ’s sakes, Bruce, get out here and explain it to me.” Tony had no patience for his woe-is-me shit.
He moves and the ice fissures. Tony taps his forehead. “Nat. I really screwed up. I really, really screwed up.”
Blu pushes him down to sit under the tree and then leaves him there. When Tony gets up to follow the cat up the trail to where the armor is tucked away, Blu herds him back to the tree. Tony can’t get around the massive animal. Every time he tries Blu blocks his path.
“I’m not.” He doesn’t explain further, and Tony leaves it. He walks over to the cot again and the lion picks his head up. “Is he some kind of pet?”
As Tony glides his fingers up across his neck, he feels the vulnerable jugular beating against his fingertips, a rhythm hard and fast. “Don’t be nervous.” He touches the strong jaw, the form like an ancient Greek warrior.
The elevator dropped for what seemed like too long. He could feel the anxiety vibrating off of Pepper. She sidled closer to Happy. He would protect her at all costs even if it meant Tony’s life at stake. They’d talked about it before. When the elevator opened on the laboratory and vivarium level a guard stood blocking their exit. He was muscular, dark haired, carried his ammunition on belts crossed over his chest. He held an AR15 in his gloved hands and gave Tony a respectful nod.
Who the hell was Wong? Tony had no idea but he agreed nonetheless. “Yeah, we’ll be here,” Tony heard himself say as Clint hugged Natasha. He heard the archer whisper something into Natasha’s ear and she smiled.
As he reaches out to touch Steve, to ground him the door to their prison cave unlocks and Tony snaps to attention. He might not know what the hell is going on with Steve but he damn well knows the terrorists cannot find out about it. He steps in front of the cot, hoping to hell he can block their view and shield Steve.
A decade of darkness. Throughout the years, Tony yearned for moments in the sun. He’d stolen them, much to the chagrin of his coven mistress and his human mate. Every now and again, Tony would peek out during the day, gazing at the light and the world that lived around him from which he was forever excluded. It sapped him of his energy, sent spears of pain through his head, and tapped into something long lost in his stone heart. When he called Steve his sunshine, he wasn’t lying, for being with Steve offered him a glimpse of the outside, the alien world forever forbidden to him. It hurt. To steal those moments, it hurt. His eyes ached afterwards, and he suffered from an almost paralyzing weakness. He only knew not to stay in the sun. It would drain away his energy. He never knew what else might happen.
But why – who are Clint, Nat, and the other one – the one they all refer to as Bucky. He’s never seen Bucky, but he damned well knows from all the comic books he read as a child that Captain America’s childhood friend was named James Buchanan ‘Bucky’ Barnes. None of that makes sense. Why are they too sick to do anything for themselves? Why does Steve feel as if he’s responsible for them but sells his body to pay for it?
“Yeah, I do, and no, you can’t.” He doesn’t ask her how she manages her own Urgency. That’s her own business. He’s never known exactly what she does. He knows that Sam has a good friend from back home who has been his omega for years – though they aren’t bonded. Sam can’t have his friend anymore. They are all lost souls looking for a port in the storm. Sam seems to get along well with Scott, maybe – just maybe Scott might be a good pairing for Sam.
Steve lets the memories fade and asks Tony, “How will we know when we entered into the Ultron perimeter?”
“Would you like to see now, or would you like to eat first?” Steve blows on the prince’s palm and then kisses the inner part of his wrist – lightly, just enough to intrigue and to elicit a slight intake of breath.
Pepper places the tablet on the desk and crosses her arms. She’s been his Personal Assistant on and off for over a decade now. He made the decision to ask her to step into the role of CEO of his company while he takes a back seat in research and development. If he’s honest with himself – which he tries not to be because that way leads to disappointment and disenchantment – Pepper was always way overqualified to be his Personal Assistant. She got her degree from Harvard Business School. She has a MBA. She deserves so much better, and finally he’s able to do it with Stane out of the way and his life finally on track. Partially on track.
When Steve returns, Tony’s already in bed with a tumbler of amber liquid in his hand and a book laying on his lap. “A little tonic to ease my worried mind.”
Steve tried to answer but he coughed instead and that just set his insides on fire. Sam went around the bed and poured some water into a plastic cup. He offered it to Steve, who sipped it and the cool water alleviated the burn in his throat. He gave the plastic cup back to Sam. “He saved me.”
“Be serious,” Steve said. “If we ever want Strange to get us out of here, we have to show we’re trying. Like we said he must be monitoring us somehow.”
Part of Steve, a very large part, wanted nothing more than to be alone, to deal with his grief and to hide it, wrap it up with all of the rest of his heartache of loss and sorrow and suppress it.  Tony read all of it through the bond, so raw and exposed. Tony slid his arm around Steve’s shoulders and wanted to say he didn’t have to be alone. The words stuck in his throat, because he knew what Steve was going through in some small way. Tony had a tendency to take on the burdens of the world and not look for outside help. Hell, he operated as Iron Man like that for years.
He doesn't know how to answer but he quickly agrees. She waves at him. "Take it then." Hesitating only a second, Tony reaches out to take the laptop and Aunt Peggy grasps his hand with surprising strength. Her words are cryptic and startling. “He deserved so much more.”
The fact that he’s giving up, surrendering a failed relationship when Tony hasn’t even decided whether or not said relationship actually fits hurts. Steve has sped through the relationship, hit all the stumbling blocks, achieved them, or smashed through them, and then hit the final wall. All in the space of three weeks. Tony has whiplash from the insanity of Steve internal processing and external reactions.
“I never left it,” Steve says and tugs Clint into a short corridor to the side of the main access to the Honor Guard offices. “Listen, I need some help.”
“I get that,” Tony said. “I’m asking you to be my Confidant. To help me.” She nodded, her expression serious. He cleared his throat. “What I want to know is, is he okay?” And Tony finally exhaled. It felt like he’d been holding his breath since that night of their shared dream.
Tony pulls his chair out and sits down. “Don’t know how they can call it the storm of the century when it’s literally just the start of said century.”
Steve stretches to get his relax back and the cracked rib protests. He coughs and that just hurts like hell. “Sorry.” He fishes out his canteen and drinks the water. “Do you think our bodies will be okay in the real world? I mean I won’t have a broken nose out there, right?” His voice still sounds muffled.
Steve surveys the arctic landscape around them. He shakes his head. “No. It’s not Bruce’s or Natasha’s. I should have known. Something felt familiar about this place.”
Strange cleared his throat and considered Wong. Neither of them spoke and Steve wondered if they were communicating through some type of magic – if that’s what they called it these days. Back in the old days, Steve called it being a snake oil salesman.
Battling Hulk one on one won’t work. Hulk is physically stronger than Steve – he knows this and so he needs to figure out a different strategy. He pounds on Hulk’s back with his free hand, but that only serves to rile him. The stench overwhelms Steve, and he gags again. Hulk takes advantage of the moment and slams Steve further into the cushion of snow. A small avalanche of snow falls into Steve’s face, blocking his sight and nose. He struggles to get it off by shaking his head, but Hulk presses him down into the pile of snow. Soon, breathing will become a problem. It’s already a problem, the narrow passageway he chokes in some air is barely enough.
“Means his brother is a good deal more mischievous than would be good for anyone,” Clint fills in and then thanks Darcy as she places another two mugs on the table.
“JARVIS, order more cherries. Have them delivered,” Tony directs and then they are both in bed, snuggled under the covers.
Blu puts a paw over Tony’s shoulders, though not laying all his arm’s weight there. He licks at Tony and then with the other paw, scoops up some water and throws it in his face. Tony slips but falls right into Blu’s grasp. With a gentle swat Blu dunks Tony in the water, and then throws himself into the stream as well. They wrestle, but Blu is always considerate of Tony’s injured side and his arm. After a while, they just splay out in the water, Tony against Blu, and let the stream cascade over them.
Tony slumps into the chair behind his desk. He’s stopped pacing at least and stopped staring at Steve’s little hideaway. That desk was supposed to serve as Steve’s real hideaway. Where he would sit for hours with a thick heavy cock in his mouth – just the thought of it makes him drool. He swallows back his desire.
Tony slams the hammer down, because sometimes, sometimes he feels like Michelangelo and he knows he's on the precipice of greatness. He only needs to jump. The fragments of his thoughts scatter about him in large holographic displays. He sweeps his hands around and the images dance around him like a ballet. He flings the thoughts in different directions, following and chasing at the same time. He immersed himself in the elegant language, the ideas, the possibilities when he came back to the Tower - the Avengers Tower that isn't anymore. He began to work and didn't stop.
By the time he’s blinking and holding the circuits up to his chest to see them better in the light of the arc reactor, Tony sighs and realizes this task isn’t going to be completed today – or tomorrow for that matter. It’s going to take a while. He looks up to Blu who only just sat up from his long nap. Another day without food or adequate water.
Thor stood at the center of the conference room, his face perplexed and questioning. Of course, as an alien, he didn’t have the same biology. The mitigating factor depended on his background as a leader. He understood the chain of command, and well a commander on his knees – too willingly drop – might not break for the right side of the equation.
“A sin of omission. But then again, so did I,” Natasha says. She lifts her shoulder in a shrug. “What does it matter? Why does it matter. What matters is that you need to be honest with yourself. You’re not mad at him because his friend killed your parents and he kept it from you. You’re mad at him because he protected his friend. You’re jealous.”
“No,” Pepper says and looks up at him. “But the details might have been too much for him to handle.”
Suddenly a wash of feeling helpless, lonely, and a yearning for Tony overwhelms him and he stops dead on the street. He peers over his shoulder; escape is just a turn away. Wong and Strange grip his arms and force him forward. Strange’s expression looks frustrated but also underneath Steve catches the smallest figment of concern. Not for Steve but most probably for his patient, for Tony.
“Listen,” Tony says and maneuvers the car into the thick of traffic. “I know you don’t want to hear it but I can help. God, Steve, let me help you. You realize what the hell just happened, don’t you?” It hits Tony some of the words Rumlow said, some of the details. The idea, the images materialize in his head and he tries not to puke in his mouth. “This isn’t you. I know it isn’t you. You might do this for money, but not for that. Never for that.”
It was a sacred oath . Though, most considered Steven an outlaw for his part in the Uprising, a growing number of more enlightened alphas thought of the Carbonelli story as a warning. Carbonelli saw the uprising as a signal for reform. They tried to find a way to reconciliation but ended up caught up in a revolt. Steven’s role is nebulous and few understood it. Most thought of Steven as part of the reason the Carbonellis died. To have him invoke the sacred oath of any omega warrior demonstrated fealty.
Steve watched him. He placed his napkin on the table, dusted off his hands. “It’s for the best, Tony. Everyone, all of you. I’m trying to save our pack the only way I know how.” He looked over to the rest of the pack. “You all think I have it together. That I have the answer, that somehow, I can make this pack work. I have no idea what I’m doing.” He shifted gears, abruptly. “Look out the window. Look at that. I don’t know what’s coming. I don’t know who they are.”
Steve had acknowledged that he knew first position but none of the others. Tony smiled. “How about we make a game of it? See how many we can fuck in?”
“If they’re using Loki’s concoctions, it would help. At least I’d have more of a clue as to what was mixed with the poison to give it its staying power,” Bruce says. “Whatever they poisoned the knife with on top of the ergot – well, the body can’t clear it out, can’t flush it away.”
He steps across the small divide between them and he knows the second he sees the bones in the back of the nearly naked figure – his fears dry up and drift away like dust. He goes to his knees and reaches out, tentative and afraid. He should hurry up; he should get moving. But he wants to know that Steve’s alive and well, the moment he touches the shoulder every hope will dissipate.
The ends of his consciousness tattered in an attempt to connect, to interweave with something just out of his range. He wondered at it, because it felt suspiciously like the moment when he’d tried to bond with Steve. While the memory of that moment had been like ash in his mouth, something underneath the cold memories beat with life. He failed to put a finger on it or identify it, but even as he let his mind drift now, he sensed that distant hum, a thrum really. It called to him, lost, confused, and alone. How much it mirrored his own sense of self terrified him. Maybe he was just interjecting his own feelings. After all, he was essentially just meditating. When had he gotten so deprived that he would meditate? Tony Stark was anything but deprived.
“Yeah, sounds weird even to me,” Tony said, and he pet Steve’s chest and then his bicep. “You can’t even know how much I want to have a gander at this hunk of man flesh, but no, I think we need to stop and think. I don’t want you walking away in the morning with regret.”
Everything Tony says floats and bubbles up mixing and fusing together. He can’t make heads or tails of it. Tony continues to rub his shoulder and even that grates like a thousand pins and needles. It feels exactly like the moment right after the pod opened during the Project Rebirth experiment. Everything crashed into him like a wrecking ball to the chest. He manages to breathe slowly and purposefully as he did then. He peeks open his eyes and is rewarded with being able to see Tony.
“It’s probably the serum and the blood I gave you,” Tony said. “Bruce will come by and take a look.”
When he opens his eyes again, he finds not a dirty cave, but a room in a high rise building. The glass windows glitter, the chrome and glass furniture reflects the steel cityscape in the world outside the marvel of the penthouse office. Standing behind the desk, Fury glares at him, his one wing wrapped tightly to his back.
Steve had been the first to arrive. When Tony entered the lodge, Steve had been stocking the shelves of the kitchen and refrigerator with loads of groceries even though Tony had called ahead to have the resort they were staying on shop and deliver for them. Steve had only mumbled an apology about metabolism requirements and left it at that.
“You’re surprised Mister Rogers. You shouldn’t be,” Ross says. He orders the guards to connect the thick manacles to the table. “I’m not a monster.”
“You are wrong.” It’s Tony’s voice breaking the nightmarish blackness. The red lightning sparks the air around them again, but it bleeds red, pulsing with life. The entanglement becomes realized around them, their souls swirl together creating an energy field that disintegrates the bindings around Steve.
“No. I think I’m just gonna put this in my room and get some stuff ready for tomorrow,” Steve says and escapes. He hears a muffled exclaim concerning the status of his manners. His temples sweat as he hears Tony making excuses for his wayward PA. His mother’s disappointment (bless her saintly soul) screams loud in his ears.
This wasn’t death. This was the dreamscape again. Tony shed all his reservations and hurried toward the light. The light meant Steve, the light tugged and pulled him because Steve beckoned him. He ran to the light. It danced away from him. He hurried through the darkness that stole ever closer and aimed toward the light. It flittered like snow flurries, a swirl of light that came and went.
For a moment, Steve thinks Tony’s talking about the cocoa, but then he realizes he’s inviting him to steer clear of the minefield of Tony’s visual status and talk about something completely different. “What? Like what’s your favorite movie or video game?
“I’m not, you just rest, sleep, Buck.” Steve pushes his hair from his forehead. “Besides, you ain’t going nowhere._
“No, but people see you as the ultimate omega warrior. You’re not supposed to falter. You’re not supposed to fail.” Natasha grimaces as if she’s remembering something from her own past. “Sometimes it’s okay to fail.”
Jarvis notices that he’s not moving, not following him through the tour of the rooms. He comes back to Steve and considers him. His talk lanky form like a stick in the light of the expansive windows of the lounge. Mindlessly, Steve wonders if there are huge windows in the bedroom. He’ll never be able to get to sleep with all that light. He needs darkness. Absolute darkness. When he turns from the fireplace and focuses on Jarvis, the butler bows his head a little and clears his throat. Steve expects him to continue the tour.
“If you do it, then will I still remember?” Steve asks. He hasn’t looked at Tony. He’s staring up at the ceiling over his bed.
As they recline against the pillow, Tony asks, “I thought formal training was required for the Guilds.”
“It’s weird, is what it is,” Tony says and puts down the tools and wires he’s bundled up on the workbench. He has too much work to do to think about this crap, but then again this is his love life or lacking love life. The tools clank and rattle as he drops them carelessly. The wires are like Christmas lights, he’ll never unknot them. He needs to – they’re from the torso of his latest upgrade to the Iron Man armor.
“It’s not. It’s not. Don’t tell me it’s okay-.” Tony moves away but Steve holds him, keeps him close, and he cannot deny that he wants to be here, he needs the comfort that Steve offers him.
“Look at that television!” Sam smiled as he stepped in front of the large screen and shook his head. “It looks like something designed out of the 40s but with today’s tech!”
Tony moves to stand up and he takes the tray; Steve situates himself on the bed so that Tony has full access to his wings. He lies on his stomach, head pillowed on his folded arms, wings spread out behind him.
“Shit, shit, shit,” Tony says. “I haven’t finished the download. Crap.” Tony goes to the computers and flicks through the streams of data. “It’ll take some time to initialize it.”
Steve’s not going to disappoint Tony, not break him apart and break him down. Even though, his consciousness is shattering – he straightens and ignores the agony. “Together.”
“Let’s not what? Blame him? How often has that happened? No one blames him. He fucking builds a murder bot and no one blames him. And now -.”
Steve joins him and shrugs. “It could be a different Thor and Loki, but more than once I’ve heard about Thor’s problems and that he’s hiding out from something. Everyone says it has something to do with a loss. I’m not sure. Loki thoroughly enjoys being an escort. If they’re hiding, it’s the perfect place. No one see you there, not really.”
A gruff voice returns, “But it could be, my boy. Your father didn’t have the vision, but you do. Tell me you have the vision to see beyond the scattered systems and Regions that operate under the Stark flag. Tell me.”
Steve stares up at the grey clouds – how impenetrable and powerful they look. They don’t look like the clouds that Thor calls upon and his mind drifts to the God of Thunder – wondering where he is and what he’s doing.
“Looks like we’re getting the gang back together again,” Steve says. “Stark taking the Commando to the Lemurian Star.”
“Justin Hammer. Hammer faction of the Conclave. And you are?” He weaves closer to Steve as if he’s trying to get him to dance.
“Well, as you know I’m always interested in volunteering to be a subject for said scientific experiment.”
One of the agents grimaced but they shifted their motions, becoming more cognizant of their strength. Not tender, not gentle in any way, but careful.
The non-disclosure agreement ties Steve’s ability to explain the situation into knots. Fumbling over an explanation, Steve just says, “It’s complicated. He wants me to fake date him. Isn’t that enough information for now. I don’t want to do it.”
When Tony inquires with the US Army, they regret to inform him that there is no such person as Captain Steven Rogers assigned to try and rescue him from his captivity at the hands of the Ten Rings. He gets nowhere fast with General Ross. Eventually he taps his resources with Rhodey and begs him to search for the records.
Tony drops his hand and then climbs to his feet. He looks at the weird swirls of color around him and then turns back to the cottage and the refuge of the garden. “It’s probably time for you to hear this. Once I tell you, we can’t go back though. Once you find out this truth, it will all be laid bare for you to know and see. Do you want to know?”
“Crap. And the light’s almost gone. I’m going to have to start a fire after all, if I’m going to get these out. They’ll get infected if I don’t. How did you do this to yourself?” Tony lightly touches Blu’s face. The lion only moans. “Hurts? I bet. Let me see what I have to help take them out.”
“Come on, Tony, come on,” He says and presses down on Tony’s chest. There’s a slight gurgle, water bubbles up through his parted lips. Steve hits Tony hard on the sternum near where he has the heart battery implanted.
Pepper finds him in the gym and trailing behind her is a woman with startling red hair and full lips and eyes like the nebula. He nearly stops breathing when he sees her.
“Courageous against all odds,” Tony whispers and watches the glint of hope, of light, of remembrance in Steve’s eyes.
“Come on Steve, let’s learn some new stuff together. New. Exciting. Fuck me right here on your desk and you’ll understand incidence and risk and ratios and everything.”
Rumlow snickers and then drags Steve by his collar through the narrow passageway to a smaller room that looks like it’s probably one of the storage rooms for the station. Most of the times these are locked down, but since it looks like it’s part of the working kitchen for the lounge where the luncheon is being hosted, it’s open.
Steve moves into Tony’s hand. “I never thought I could have this. It just seemed like I was making it up.”
Steve nods, his eyes pained and the gash on his head bleeds freely. “He wants you to know that he’s going to kill me slowly when you fail.”
Tony sits and turns around as he checks out the space. The kitchen has no character which surprises Tony. “I’m pretty sure I didn’t design this.”
“No, no I did not.” Steve nodded. “But I also need to find my way in this new world. SHIELD might not be the way, but I want to serve my country. The Army isn’t the way to go for me. Not anymore.”
Panting in heavy breathes, Steve clambers through the drifts of snow. Each step burns his muscles and his lungs clench like they haven’t since he had asthma all those years ago. The crunch of the snow beneath his booted feet, the intake of breath, the exhale of air stirs with the wind to deafen him to much else. Tony’s not moving – that’s all Steve thinks as he clears the rocks to the small crest at the foothills. He leaps over them and lands in a waist deep drift. He refuses to let it slow him down, he plows through it like a maniac with a death wish. He hears growling only to realize it’s himself, pressing through the thick snow, the ice so jagged and sharp it pierces into his side if he falters and falls.
“No, I’ll be okay. I’m going to the blocks.” He rights his shoulders and looks right at her. “I’ll be fine. Don’t worry about me, Nat.  See you in a few days.”
“Sure thing.” Steve offers the guy a little salute as he blows a kiss. Before he leaves, Frank half-springs at Tony, but stops and laughs when he startles.
The lights dim and Tony feels an exhaustion weaken his limbs. “Today was a good day.” He doesn’t mention their kiss, what passed between them.
“I thought you’d said for the coven to scatter,” Steve said. He looked down at the hand clasped in his own – cold, pale. Tony hadn’t eaten in a while.
“Sheriff, Sheriff, come and sit. Please, sit.” He ushers them over to the table nearest the window, one Steve normally sits in when he visits.
A bang against the fogged glass startles him out of his thoughts and he glimpses shadows in the room. A press of a shoulder hits the darkened glass and then a howl resonates. Pep glares at him, but Tony only shakes his head. This is right. He can feel it in his bones.  The shuffle continues and both Tony and Pep watch the shadows dance across the glass. He wonders how beaten his omega will be. Turning, he taps on the screen. The AI immediately responds.
Steve tosses the pad down and sits up, his chair whining again. “Listen, Buck, I know you want to run the Rails during the Conference, but I got responsibilities here.”
Steve presses his face against the filthy desk while his hands are behind his back. Tony can’t tell, but he thinks they might be restrained in some manner. Steve turns and picks up his head as if he might fight but that’s when Tony realizes he’s being pulled up.  The sight of the garrote around Steve’s neck enrages Tony. Tiny droplets of blood drip down along Steve’s throat, smearing across his pale skin. The man behind him, the man fucking him is using the garrote as a kind of noose/reins. He tugs at Steve, forcing him to arch up or the garrote slices into his vulnerable flesh.
When he does open his eyes the lion is sitting up, his blue eyes showing a depth of wisdom and pain that Tony cannot parse. “Listen, you make it through this, you’ll come with us. Just don’t eat us.”
“Took you long enough, Rogers.” She would only say it as she stared at Bucky. “He knows, they both know.”
Steven rises and crosses over to stand before Tony. He can be intimidating when he wants to be. He can control a room. Tony witnessed it time and again during the Council. Before him, though, Steven searches Tony’s face and there’s soft glint to his eyes. “I have been lucky in many ways over many years, my lord. My previous experiences have been fulfilling as I’ve said. As an omega I seek to protect and serve, yet at the same time I look for an alpha to show me he’s earned my loyalty, my fealty.”
“Stop, stop-.” Steve puts his hands up as if surrendering to her. “I didn’t mean anything by it. I don’t see why you can’t be with Bucky. You know it’s different than my problem.” He hates calling it a problem, but it is, isn’t it? His deviance.
“He’s like a spider sitting at the center of a web,” Tony had said. “We need to traverse the web lightly, taking each thread of the weave carefully, until we make the center – or the Hub.”
Bruce put his hand up but the contemplation on his face told a different story. “Many Eastern philosophies believe in the mystical spirit of the soul. So maybe-.”
They break as Tony pulls away and that’s when Steve sees his blown pupils, the flush to his skin. He wants this as much as Steve does and it turns over in the pit of Steve’s belly, coiling low and deep.
He hates to put his partners in jeopardy, but he has to face the reality of the situation at the same time. Steve won’t make it to the rendezvous. Bucky cradles Steve in his arms against, the heavy muzzle clanking against his metal shoulder. It’s only a short leap to the riverbed, and he takes it with pause. The landing is rough, but he makes it without dropping Steve. The water washes over them and he gently rinses both of them off as they move to the shore. The cold stream is up to his waist and as the cool water hits Steve he judders and claws at Bucky. It rips away at Bucky’s resolve, seeing Steve so broken and fragmented. He tries to stay focused on the task at hand, getting through the water, ensuring that Steve survives, wading to the shore.
Natasha is upstairs with the rest of them, helping or doing what she can. He's not sure, because his brain boils at what happened. He's lost Clint and Bucky - if he losing Bucky he doesn't think he can stomach it, he knows he can't stomach it. This is his curse, he should have listened to Bucky.
He notices that Jarvis leads him to the Richards’ empty house. “Hmm, this house was Doctor Reed Richards house.”
“Something like that,” Bruce replied and sank down on one of the chairs tucked into the desk at the side of the laboratory. He looked spent, like whatever had happened took him by surprise and taking a bath had been his attempt to wash away the after effects.
Tony picks up one of the fries and points it at Steve. “These are all good pointers to know. I think we can spend the next week finding out a lot about each other. It’s like a little honeymoon at the beginning. Kind of cool.”
Natasha whips around and pushes the barrel of the gun against Steve’s temple. A flash of concern – what would happen if she blew his head off? Would he survive? He’s in a dream like state. No one really knows if you die when you die in a dream.
After that, they end up leaving the shop with five bags of goods with a few being shipped back to the brothel. During the many times they were measuring this or that or comparing different options, Steve spent time on his tablet researching the prince. One thing that struck him was the fact that of all the royalty in the Conclave the prince rarely wore any jewelry which was very different than the others in the Elite class. The prince usually wore a signet ring and a brooch at his throat and that was it. Steve managed to pick out a brooch for the prince under the guise of using it for himself. It was a simple silver star. Luke hemmed about it, but Steve convinced him it would look good with the white suit. He tucked it in the bag with a dubious glance at Steve.
Tony took that as his cue. The heat in his chest amplified and he spread his hands out in front of him. The beam of energy shot out, bursting forth and burning away their enemies and leaving only devastation in his path. All of the agents fell. Tony swallowed down the sickness, but the idea that he could be such a killer swam over him like a swarm of locust, eating away at his sanity. He was a member of the undead – that didn’t make him an absolute killer. Yet his power, his transformation – what else was it but naming him the harbinger of death? He staggered, numb with the power and the realization of what and who he had become.
With the pitcher in hand he heads around the small bistro table that serves as his dining table and plops down on the two-seater couch. He got it from a secondhand store. It’s not bad, just needs to get some new filling for the cushions. It wouldn’t be bad at all, if it didn’t have to serve as his bed as well. He seriously thinks he might get some kind of back injury from sleeping on it. Or trying to – most days he ends up on the floor or out on the small balcony he has (fire escape). That has been a life saver. Most days he sits out there and eats, watches Netflix on his phone, or sometimes he draws. Nights mean sleeping out there, especially in the summertime.
When Tony’s able to break away and staggers a little, he notices a little chuckle from Natalie. He rolls his eyes and says, “Thor, you know everyone here but my new omega. Steven.”
“Fuck that shit. You’re our strategist. You can do this. Stop thinking like Ultron. That’s Ultron talking. God’s righteous man. Get dirty, Steve. Get out.”
Tony pulled Steve’s arm out of her hands and held him tightly to his chest. “What the hell are you talking about? And where the hell were you? Where was Thor? Look at him! Look what happened to him!” The hell of the last day slammed into him and all he wanted to do was dispel the pain and horror. All he wanted to do was ravage this place. “Do you even fucking know what the hell happened to me?” He spat at her. “Get the fuck away from us.”
“Come on Tones, we can have cheeseburgers. We’ll order in.” Rhodey sounds like he’s trying to placate Tony and part of him hates it and the other part knows that Rhodey is balancing something – trying to keep the peace.
“It is if they’re heirs to the fortunes of Odinson,” Steve says – the family name is practically royalty.
It occurs to Steve that Howard mentioned a son, but made it seem as if his boy had been younger than Tony obviously is. Tony hadn’t been a soldier, hadn’t fought in the war that ripped the country apart. Steve knows that some of the rich and privileged didn’t go to war; it’s that way all the time, the poor are the pawns.
“That’s playing into his hand,” Steve says and leans against the cold concrete wall. “Soviet missile silo indicates Natasha, but so far nothing about her from what you searched?”
Tony crosses his arms as he studies the man. He told Pepper specifically no beauties, no handsome dudes. He wanted plain, homely, even ugly. That would work. Not this creation of the gods.
“I can hear it with you. Whatever it is, as long as we’re together I can hear it with you.” He knows the very truth of the statement. Tony hauls his to his feet.
“Well, whomever I should thank, keep it up. It’s working.” She leads him to her office, tells him to sit, and then closes the door behind him. Once she takes her seat at the desk, Natasha leans forward with arms folded on the desk. “I want you to know that you’ve done a perfect job. I also want you to know that a very special client is coming, and you are going to service him for the entire time he’s at the station.”
“I’m not sure I would like the snow one, but let’s look at what you call an ocean?” He’s seen some photos of oceans, but he’s never actually seen one in real life.
“If you’ve finished marveling at the kitchen can we go to the back porch. I’d like to listen to the ocean for a bit while I get my bearings.”
Tony caressed his hands over Steve’s pectoral muscles as the other man settled down on the bed next to him. Steve welcomed the touch and lifted one of Tony’s hands to his lips. “Don’t tell them, okay? If Bucky found out, or Peggy, or any of them – they would hate me.”
“Oh, you’re wondering how it happened.” Estane kicks him in the gut and Tony fights to breathe. His breath rasps as he hunches over. “Watch the show and maybe later I’ll explain, little boy.”
Steve stood up and walked to the window. Long and narrow, it still had a breathtaking view of the mountains surrounding the city and the jungle beyond it. Yet he was blind to the beauty. Adjustment to the new world he found himself in might be too much of a load to handle. Admitting that – as Captain America – felt like saying he had no hope left. The light from the window streamed in, but Steve only saw the shadowed darkness of the cell. The mocking words of Pierce and Ross as the vampires fed off him, ate his will, and destroyed all hope. His hands shook and the bindings, the chains that had once bound him, clanked. They touched him and in the most subtle and depraved way, broke him. Shattered. Taken.
Tony stretches out. “Then why don’t you punish me.” He snickers and Steve shrugs, giving up. He leaps onto Tony, the bed straining against the weight. It’s a big, sturdy bed; Tony doesn’t worry about it, they made it with their own hands.
“Here at the Retreat we can pair you up with an alpha that’s going through urgency – another client or we can pair you up with one of our professional alphas.” She flicks through the profiles pointing out some of their attributes. It feels like she’s trying to sell something to him.
The Mantra stopped in his mouth and he opened his eyes. He spoke the word that had been delivered to him as a gift. “Beloved.”
“Sure. Just let me get mine settled over here.” Steve lifts his tray and places it on the table over near the windows and picks up Tony’s to place it on the same table. He brings both cups of tea back. “I brought you the tea.” He places his own on the nightstand and then cups Tony’s hand around the mug before he shifts the handle to him. He gets back onto the bed. “I should thank you again.”
“No, you didn’t,” Tony says. “But luckily you told the whole world you were bonded to me at that press conference we had a few months back. You remember. You did it without my consent-.”
“It’s already done.” Steve opened the door and started forward, not looking back to see if Tony followed him. He knew Tony would; he clung to Steve by keeping his hand on his shoulder as they crept around the corner and then toward the open bay of the garage.  Tony jerked his hand on Steve’s shoulder, indicating the direction of his cars. Steve had to admit silently to himself that using the same truck was a dead give-away and they would never make it more than a few miles out of the compound.
Steve heads toward the horizon, walking past Natasha who only whispers, “See you in a minute.” He nods at her words.
“JARVIS, find me someplace between here and Malibu that is secluded, secure, and where I can buy the locals’ trust and loyalty.”
“I would,” Steve said and headed to the examination table only to stop, to pause in horror, too stunned with despair to make a sound. What lay on the table wasn’t human – not anymore – but the remnants of what had been his friend. Like a marionette puppet his limbs were barely attached to his torso – strings of ligaments, frail and thin, held them to Sam’s body. There was a hole in his chest – deep and wide. Someone had tried to patch it, but even the best medicine would never heal the wounds riddling his body. Half of his face – Steve cringed and turned away. It was a miracle that Sam still lived at all. Steve’s whole body shivered in sorrow and anguish.
He’s entranced by the little automated cart that’s hooked up to some copper wires to a control in Peter’s hands. The boy sees Steve and jumps up to run to him. “Sheriff, did you see it? Did you see what Tony made?”
He blinked away the tears as they stopped for fuel and Clint took over the driving. Sleep eluded him, but the blur of the road brought him back to his earliest days. A smear of life before his life began with Tony. He’d lost so much – his whole life, his people, his Ma, Bucky, his other friends, and yet his life breathed new when the mating clicked into place.  As they finished the last of their drive to the safe house, Steve gazed at the compound. The security was impeccable because Tony invented it. It would take a mole or a nuke to break into the place. Even with that knowledge, the tension rooted deep in Steve’s psyche. He rotated his shoulders as he directed Clint toward the underground parking. The house was above ground, a sprawling ranch style house situated on over a thousand acres of wooded and meadow area. Tony called it mid-century modern, but he also enhanced it so that the roof line looked like a forested landscape. Small trees and brush adorned the roof.
Steve holds Tony’s gaze and he thinks – with a wistful hope – that he sees something more – something protective and concerned – something possessive of Steve. As if Steve belongs to Tony. Tony tears his gaze away and the moment flashes away.  Steve steps back and nods. He finds an edge of a stone ledge and sits down. “Don’t go far.”
Steve drops his gaze, stares at his sneakered feet. His hands are stuffed in his back pockets and he looks all the more like a shy jock (yes, oxymoron) trying to ask his crush out on a date. “I just want you to be happy. You said you would try this out.” His words are practically whispered. Tony wonders if he may cry.
He expects a large entourage, but once again he’s surprised by Tony. Rhodes and Potts with Happy trailing behind them walk down the ramp and search the bay. Only Steve’s identified Honor guards have been cleared to attend the ship. The guards will take care of all the duties, including maintenance or any other administrative issues.
As the tie fighter comes in for a second pass, Bucky clamors to his feet and then yanks Steve to follow. Steve can barely hold up his head, the weight of the cage is a burden and his strength is minuscule.  They mount the ridge toward the tree line. The exposure isn’t good, but it does allow Bucky to see Hawkeye bringing in the ship and Sam flying toward them with Redwing circling.
Steve points with his fork over at the dismantled coffee machine. “It’s broken. Maybe you can take a look.”
“Because of the rules of the game,” Tony answers as if he wasn’t actually responding to something Steve just thought. “Like I said, Ultron has certain rules in his world and one of them is that injuries cause pain. Even if you want to disbelieve it, you can’t. Not really. Because your brain will override it every time.”
With one hand on Tony’s shoulder, Steve obeys and meets Tony’s gaze. It is unflinching, open and without fear. There’s no self-consciousness. He’s intent on what Steve is doing, he’s hot and salivating as Steve jerks into his fist.
As Tony watched, Clint dropped his gaze to see their captain under Tony’s thrall. Steve remained attached to Tony, kneeling, very nearly keening his submission. Tony felt the vibration of his need to moan, to show his station through the release of pheromones. He was sure everyone in the conference room smelt it too, though Thor might not recognize what it was. Eventually, Clint only shrugged and turned away. His senses weren’t as strong in the pheromone department being a Neutral or Neut as many called them. Luckily, his casual nature also allowed for departures from the norm.
Steve stops in his tracks and bows his head. This is hard enough, harder still now that he’s listened to an update on Tony. He doesn’t have a choice though. It isn’t like his life has ever been his own. He inhales, holds it for a second, and then slowly exhales before he turns around and meets Natasha’s gaze. The light from the wide windows hit her and her hair alights like fire. She’s beautiful and fierce and on the run – just like he is, just like they all are now.
He goes to the gym, readying to get his body into some shape. He knows he’s failing but he can still go through the motions because if there’s no hope, there’s no way to move forward each day.
He wishes he could see the inside of it, but realizes he probably never will. He swallows back his regrets and, as the ramp way hisses open, rights his brain to focus on the present and not the lost hopes of the past.
On the front cover of the top comic book it had a very spangled figure (in red, white, and blue) punching Hitler in the face. Tony knew enough about history to recognize Hitler. At first, he loathed to read the comic book. After all he was in high school now, only babies read comic books. Plus, he hated Captain America – especially since Howard favored him over the legend of Blu, the lion. Tony glanced over through the archway to his bedroom where Blu sat on the bed – just where Jarvis placed him every day. At least Howard hadn’t taken Blu away when he delivered the comic books.
“He’ll never suspect that we’re coming in after him,” Tony had said. He relished the idea. Sometimes Steve wanted to punch that arrogant smirk off his face. “He expects an outside attack, not one from within.”
Natasha held up her hand as if to ward off a barge of questions. “We want to tell you Tony, but you have to give Doctor Strange a chance to explain.”
“Yeah. That’s it.” He pinches the bridge of his nose. The idea of fake dating Tony even for one night raises – not only all kinds of ethical issues in his current position – but an emotional tsunami of feelings. He’s been carrying this loaded attachment, of developing feelings for Tony, for the last few weeks. Most of the time, Steve has successfully ignored it and outright pretended it just wasn’t there. He’s focused solely on the work. Now, it’s at the forefront and he doesn’t know if he can handle the idea of just fake dating Tony. Not to mention the guilt he feels for leaving Peggy’s memory behind.
“Well, city kids can’t see much, even when you grew up.” Tony snuggled closer and then whispered as he wove tales to Steve. “When I was little, and we would go out to the mountains I would go to the rooftop terrace at night and look at the stars. I would imagine that one cluster was a constellation of Captain America. That you didn’t die in the ocean or in the ice, but that when your plane crashed you were sent to the stars. All of your points of energy went up into the skies.”
Tony turned around then, picked up a wrench and threw it across the room. He had been lucky not to hit anyone. “Don’t tell me what’s broken and what’s not.”
“Well isn’t that a nice how do you do. He has his way with me and off he trots. Could have at least said thanks for the save,” Tony mutters. He has to get back to the armor, find out what’s wrong with it, see if he can rig up the communications to call for help.
“He’s not ready. It won’t take. He’s too weak to withstand it,” the Red Knight says. “Drink the soup Steve before I have to force you.”
As he begins to go through the computer program he’s writing for the suit, the door creaks and then cranks open, and he jerks around to see that the leader has decided his shorten his respite. Raza scans the room before discovering Tony at the work bench. He barks something at Tony and his soldiers hurry into the room, yanking Steve from his huddled position on the floor and dragging him – half asleep – to his knees on front of Tony.
The leader tilts his head and then Steve tries again in pigeon Farsi. It comes out broken and unintelligible as far as he can tell, but the leader waltzes over to Tony. He shakes him once but Tony doesn’t respond. It alarms Steve, he hadn’t realized how far gone Tony is or that his health is in jeopardy.
“Captain America!” He spat at Steve. “Where the fuck is your allegiance? Come on! Don’t let them use you like this!” He launched another attack, but Steve caught his arm and twisted upward, contorting the elbow to sprain it. The crackle of the shock stick sizzled in the cramped space, and Steve took the chance of freeing Rumlow’s one hand to grab at his waist. Clutching his belt, Steve heaved and threw Rumlow into the overhead grate and light. It fizzled as Rumlow dropped unconscious to the floor.
“Do you even know where you’re going? We should take a flashlight or something,” Steve says but allows himself to be led up the small hill to the other side. The hill isn’t quite large enough to completely block the light from the house, but it looks out towards the wooded area and the sea beyond it.
It should have been a gift, a peace offering. All Tony saw was the fact Steve stood in front of him, tears streaming down his face, trying to be fucking brave, and he was
Steve left the radio off and only the sound of the rain and scrape of the windshield wipers accompanied him as he drove. Finding out that Sam was sympathetic to the cause meant a great deal to Steve. They’d skirted the topic many times over the months, especially when Sam asked Steve if there was anyone special in his life. He’d kept the truth close to the vest.  He might have hinted, but he never detailed anything.
“Steve? Brothel?” His face scrunches up and he looks adorable. Steve would grin if he wasn’t terrified that the prince might call security to discretely get rid of him – for good. “Oh, Steve. Brothel. Yes, yes, yes.” He opens his arms. “I am so glad you’re here.”
He walks over to his set of tools, looking for his forceps. He sorts through the toolset, picks out the forceps and wishes he had some disinfectant. Blu follows him sitting down and waiting as Tony organizes what he might need. The tools are sparse, but it will have to do. Blu holds up his paw first. The burrs are stuck between the toes of his foot.
He dreams of kneeling at Tony’s feet, letting Tony use his mouth for whatever he needs in a near devotional ritual of love. He loves the taste, the weight, the heaviness. He wants it to last forever, he sits here for every single minute of the day and night if that’s what Tony wants.
“You mean it has freed me from your poison.” Steve holds himself still, steadying the aches that beats in his heart for all the time he spent as the Red Skull’s knight.
“You wanted, what?” Steve had said, incredulous and pained. The hot ache of truth scolded him. “You wanted me to fuck you so you’d remember? I told you I wouldn’t do that, not until you were better.” He’d felt destroyed, utterly selfish and broken at the same time. The diametrically opposing emotions got the better of him as he fumbled with his clothes, gathering them up, getting off the bed.  The thought of what he’d just done, what they’d just done shook him to the core; his hands trembled as he struggled to put on his clothes. “This isn’t some damned vid, Tony, this is us, now, today. There’s no such thing as a healing cock.”
“Well, your soul, astral projection, core whatever you want to call it, says differently. It might not be with Tony, because obviously you two are not bonded like that, but it could be with someone else. Maybe the universe is just telling you to keep your options open?” Natasha said and then grabbed her milkshake. As she sipped it, she said around the straw, “So, we gonna catch a movie or no?” That eased the tension and he sat back into the cushions of the couch.
Steve gave him that million dollar smile and part of Tony wondered if he shined the rays of the sun when he was a runt. Maybe that smile came out of a bottle, too. Or it was just Tony’s ache, that want inside of him for something beyond explanation. Steve was talking and Tony needed to catch up.
"My friend. He's in some trouble, nothing for you to worry about but he's ." He stops. He's not a spy. He doesn't know how to do this. He switches gears and, while he cannot tell the whole truth, he’s going to skirt really close to it. “Do you know who Captain America is?”
“Among other languages, but strangely I read it better in Braille.” He laughs. “Anyhow.” He places the book on the side table. “Do you want to get some tea? Maybe some soup?”
“My tenement flat in Brooklyn right after my mother died,” Steve said. He smoothed the sheet over his lap. “I lived here until I couldn’t anymore. I had to give it up when I got too sick and couldn’t work. Ended up getting a small basement room. Bucky wanted me to move in with them, but I didn’t want to be a bother.”
He rolls to his side and wants the darkness and shadows to take him. But of course they don't. He formulates a plan and all the while he builds the fortress to house his soul he remembers his soul burned in a fire in New York. Sometimes even when he's his most confident he feels parts of his core flaking off and dying.
Steve pointed to Sam. “But to you. You what does it mean to be linked to someone with Bucky’s past?”
There’s not a lot of time, especially if Steve heard them talking, especially if Tony has worn out Raza’s patience.  Steve grabs parts of the armor and points to the staging area they’ve set up.
“I can’t have him here.” Abruptly, Tony jumped up, knocking Steve away. “I know I said I could do this for you. I know I promised.” He paced around the room, stopped at the marble fireplace and then laid his head against the mantle. “You didn’t see it. You didn’t feel it. Somehow the damned bond – it recognized me as the son of the woman he killed. He killed her, Steve. Not with a gun or a knife. But his hand. His fucking flesh and blood hand. He didn’t even do it with the metal one. He fucking did it with his human hand. And I felt every god damned second of it.”
Steve points to the now black television hanging on the wall in the living room. “Said so on the news and weather channel. It’s the storm of the century, they’re saying.”
“Hey man, seriously, get a grip,” Tony says. “I just made mention of it because you know, your name, you look a lot like him.”
“Like I said, not a sir,” Fury says and steps away from the booth so that Bucky can slip out and Steve can exit.
“No, Obie, that’s not going to happen. I already told you I will not declare a schism with the rest of the Conclave. We’re at war for the existence of all that is fucking holy, so no I will not abandon my duty.”
“Before I go, I wanted you to know that they really hoped you would do it, that you would go and get him back.” He gave Tony that half smile that rounded his already round face. “Maybe if you had looked at the data on the drive.”
“Funny?” Tony’s smile had dropped. “I find none of this funny. I find it disturbing that a war hero who obvious had a serious case of PTSD was locked away in a prison, was experimented on, and when he finally got out – or should I say escaped – could only self treat himself by having people fuck him until it numbed it all.” His admonishment worked. Fury had been sufficiently cowed.
“Schmidt runs everyone out of town, or scares everyone,” Steve says. “Besides we can do our own horses.”
“No, no,” Bucky says rolling his head against the wood of the wall. “No, just something - one of the gang said. Something-.” He blinks and pants. “I can’t, I can’t recall. Must have been-.” He fights to find coherency. “Said something about the boss, bringing him like they brought the snake oil salesman. Think it was Loki, don’t know.” He moans under his breath as if he’s too brave or too stupid in front of Steve.
He had muffled his initial response of 'we could be' and just said, "I'll make it worth your while."
Tony puts up his hand. “Don’t be impressed until you see it.” He opens his hand, seeking. “Are you game?”
Sam had a point, Steve had to admit. When he gave that speech at the Triskelion, there were good people there, people not part of his pack – Sharon amongst them – who stood up and took a stand. The soul pack and the universe didn’t determine everything. “So you think our souls aligned. Before it was chance, but this – this was our doing.”
Even now, as Steve turns over the events in his head, a pang deep and devastating exists. He can’t wipe it away. Tony hadn’t know him, though he professed he felt something for Steve as if he was a shadow of a memory. Tony had asked for patience, Steve couldn’t give it to him.
Tony laughs and it’s soft and yielding as if to telegraph his understanding. “It’s going to be hard to let you go.”
“Esteemed Lord An’Tony Stark, please be welcomed to the Outer World of Nod, home to the Exiled Omegas. What is the purpose of your visit?”
“Yinsen, you said there was someone- is he one of the terrorists?” Steve roots around for a spoon and finds one. He tastes the soup. It’s more of a broth than anything else. No wonder Tony looks gaunt.
"And you ended up as a spy? I never heard that you spied for the North," Steve says, the gossip had been clear that Tony Stark had been a coward and spent the time playing the scoundrel in high society parties, bedding every available women along the east coast of the North.
“Are we still in play?” Tony asked and then he saw it – in the courtyard of the fortress. The girl and her brother with someone else -someone fighting tooth and nail against the Hydra forces. “’Cause I have eyes on Family and I think Brother.”
He dumps what supplies he can, but Tony insists on his large crate. It will be a burden, but there’s nothing to be done about it. He straps it onto Tony’s horse.
Steve swallowed back his reply and only nodded in response. Her heels clicked all the way down the hallway as she left. He didn’t move out of the bedroom then. He sank back down on the bed to sit and then his entire body followed. Lying on the bed, splayed out, he closed his eyes and saw the dreams again. He walked amongst new people and new worlds now. That place of his youth had been a myth, a tale that mothers tell their children so they won’t be scared in their own home. But this new place, these new hopes and dreams, presented a new dawning, new possibilities for the future. It meant releasing the fantasy of the past. His naïve beliefs of the good of the people within his own government. It meant betraying his government.
“It’s been a long time. She’d been gone a few years before I joined up. But I still miss her.” He puts the bowl down and tears off a large end of the bread. It steams in his hands as he butters it. “She’s the one who told me never to stand down. Always get back up.”
Clothes selected, Steve heads back to the bathroom. He showers and cleans himself, checking to shave here and there. He shaves his face and puts on the special lotion Natasha made him purchase. His skin feels silky smooth yet with enough roughness that it’s no mistaken he’s a man. He fills the plug with the allotted lube and then considers Tony’s offer of the nanites. It’s intriguing, but tonight is not supposed to be about him, his needs, or technology. It’s about unwinding a stressed man and showing him that he’s cared for.
“Let me check,” Tony said and stepped further into the room. He gently pushed Happy out of his seat and sat down to fly through the codes and streams displayed overhead on the screens. He easily accessed JARVIS and sent through a new command to evaluate the situation, clean the web of any references to Pepper and Rhodey when it came to Tony, and then sent an alert for further actions by the DHS. “I think that should do it.”
Promising himself that he would put it all aside, Tony checked the time and decided to get breakfast ordered and dressed for the funeral. After he ordered he pulled out his phone and read a few text messages from Pepper and from R&D. Pepper’s wasn’t urgent and nothing R&D did without him was urgent either. So he went to toss the phone when another text came through.
The people – his team, his family – seem to materialize out of the blurriness of the room. It’s Natasha who’s spoken and it surprises him because she’s never been known to be so emotionally linked with anyone on the team – except maybe Bruce at one time or even Steve, but never him.  She’s leaning heavily against Sam and his eyes are glued not to Tony’s gurney but to the one across the room. Before Tony can ask what the hell just happened, it’s Cho who chimes in.
“When I was a boy,” the prince says. “My father told me that as a royal, people were made to be at my beck and call. They were to do as I said and what I said. Never to question anything. They were there as my toys to do with as I please. Pawns in the game.” Tony searches Steve’s features. “And yet, here you are telling me off about Brooklyn and the war, changing my schedule for the better, and driving me to have the chef spend the better part of the afternoon working on making mock-cherries.”
As he watches, Steve becomes more aware, and struggles to get up from the dirt floor. Blood leaks from his mouth, stains his lips. At first, Tony doesn’t know what to do, or how to handle the situation. What the hell do you do when you find out someone is a damned angel or looks like one?
“I don’t think it’s personal. I don’t think he can help it. Think about it, he has no one to train him. No one to help him. It must be maddening!” Steve said and rubbed at his eyes before covering his face with his hands. “This is all my fault. I should have done something for the pack years ago. But I just couldn-.” He stopped before he finished. When he dropped his hands and looked at him, all Tony could see was the redness and disillusionment as if everything in the future had failed Steve. It haunted Tony. Steve looked up at Tony expectantly, but what could Tony offer him?
Hulk lumbers behind him, growling as he climbs. Ultron mustn’t have studied Hulk’s natural movements or abilities enough to know that Hulk wouldn’t climb. He’d launch and leap up the side of the mountain, overtaking Steve without a sweat. Ultron doesn’t know. An advantage that creaks open the door a tiny bit to Ultron’s weaknesses. He may be brilliant like Tony, but his inexperience lends them an advantage.
“Exactly,” Tony says. “It’s not like it hasn’t been tried. The bond isn’t something that can be diluted.”
Steve turned over in the bed to stare out of the window of that long ago apartment. Curled next to him, Tony whispered in to the dark. For some reason, the thought of Tony in his bed didn’t upset him. Not in this dream state.
“Is this uncomfortable for you? I don’t want for it to be uncomfortable for you,” Tony says. Pepper always cautions him about flirting with the staff, but generally he stays away from most of the staff. He’s a little of a recluse when it comes to his R&D department.
“That’s great. I thought you might not like it considering you’ve never seen one in the bowl.” Tony’s practically jumping out of his skin with excitement. Resentment fills Steve and he looks away. Tony doesn’t react to his disdain. “Let’s get back. Hopefully we can escape the ship before Obie wants another meeting. I’m exhausted from all the meetings today.”
“Whoever said that?” Tony manages but the effort drains him, and he collapses back onto the gurney. “Always risk.”
“Yeah. Okay. It’s on. We really should wear leather so if we get in an accident, we don’t get road rash,” Steve says. Tony hears him hop on the bike.
Because as his eyes adjust and he cranes his neck to see beyond his bound wrists, he spots the circle of light and the stones of a well walling him in a pit. He’s standing in about a foot of water. He sloshes about in it, the water smells and he retches at its putridity. His barefoot hits something on the stony floor and he searches it with his toes only to yank away from the skull. This isn’t a well; it’s a torture chamber. He’s beginning to realize how fucking mad Ultron truly is. It dawns on him he’s missing one very important piece.
“Steve, stop.” Tony’s voice cuts the air. Sharp and brutal. “I know about the seizures. I know about the memories of another Steve, another Tony. I know about the reality with the Ornari. I know it all.”
“Give it here. Send me the data,” Tony said and then peered over his shoulder at the staircase where he glimpsed the shadows of the Barton kids, waiting. “What say you go and find me one of the Iron Legion heads?” Both Cooper and Lila leapt to their feet and raced down the stairs thundering out of the house before either Clint or Laura could object. Tony shrugged. “Kids.”
Steve places the ring on the side table. “I just want you to know, I’m still the same. I might be in a different body, but I am still Blu.” He marches out the door and down the stairs.
“Oh, you don’t know the half of it.” Tony steps over the sliding glass door frame as Steve directs him and then he ushers him to one of the porch lounges. Tony sits down and then pulls out his phone. Pressing the button, he says, “Friday let’s do some work on the coding for the smart streets application I’ve been working on.”
A V-Corps squad car bashed into the side of the Audi, and Steve clutched the steering wheel before throwing the car into neutral and skidding around. He battered the assaulting car, crashing the Audi into the side, then backed up and twisted the wheels to head toward the gate again. The Audi protested, the steering wheel harder to turn. He gritted his teeth as he drove directly toward the gate. “Tony, I need the gate open now.”
Steve pulls away for a second and says, “You’ll find I’m not much of a little boy at all.” He flips Tony around and they’re lying on the bed, Steve’s weight pressed over him, securely, a welcome comfort. He feels the length of Steve’s erection against his thigh and shudders in response. Without the glasses, his body tunes to Steve’s warmth, to the skin to skin touch, to his breathing, his sounds. Everything seems so much closer, present.
Tony shook his head and shrugged. “It felt like a math problem to me so I just did what was natural.”
The omega is thin, nearly skin and bones. He’s almost naked from what Tony can see. The translucent value of his skin only serves to heighten the blue network of veins emphasized by his state. He has some muscle on him; he’s not emaciated – not yet. But it’s obvious no resources have been employed for this omega. Tony can’t detect any movement from the man. He’s curled in the corner on the floor, not even on the cot provided. It looks like he didn’t have the strength to get to the bed. Dirt and grime mat his hair and his skin as if whatever he encountered before his incarceration remains like a brand on his flesh.
One of the patients that Shuri evaluated looked more like a bundle of wounds than anything else. Natasha met Steve and Tony, her expression dark. “It’s terrible. The whole of America has gone crazy. We have to do something.”
“He didn’t even want to be part of the pack.” Steve’s words were muttered but then he turned and focused on them. His face was in shadow.  “She was all I had from my life.”
Post-AoU where Tony is ostracized from the rest of the Avengers - and there's a problem with Vision. This was going to be an exploration of the theory of the mind, consciousness, and intelligence. It was a story of transcendence. But the CA:CW came along and killed my inspiration for this story completely....
