-And there is more! - he announced, - He is not a good man, he doesn't seem like one. He must be someone who would be scared at my physical situations, as you, sir, would like to treat me as family and not as a friend. You don't trust him not even for a second, since he would have a bad reaction when you say you have a jew in your house. Maybe it's a little dangerous, what made me discover exactly what is the doctor's job.
Now they were three, and Holmes tried to avoid thinking about the dreams he had about it when he was a teenager.
-Sherly, honey, Rosie is awake. I can hear her crying. – he continued, making his legs touch Sherlock’s tighs. – Can you help her with that? She usually only sleeps when she can find your smell.
"I loved his curls, I loved the way his eyes changed colours, I loved the pale tone of his skin, I loved how he whispered my name, I loved how he took care of you as if his life actually only mattered if you were alright."
Sherlock felt home when he was sitting on his lap. He was very thin, and, inside the water, he felt even thiner. He felt weightless, body and soul.
-You're Jew. - Watson concluded. The man waved with his head, closing his eyes and waiting for the hit that, happily, never came. - I knew when you asked "please".
-I have no time to explain, but don't make me say why I'm hiding. I don't want you to call them, I prefer to die alone in the cold. If you are mad at me because of my situation, please, throw me outside and let me turn into a piece of ice.
-I am Mary Watson. - the woman announced, as if he didn't already knew. She extended her hand to the man, a very small hand.
-But the child is. - Holmes announced, in a clear tone. - I am sure this trip is a choice as it was to abandon Watson when he most needed your help. I can get you a really good ship, you lady will not be in risk, but not for a minute I want you to think you will take this little girl as an excuse to get a home in another country. You will leave her with people that can learn how to love her while you enjoy your own life anywhere else.
Holmes was steady in front of him, with his hands showing the perfectly folded up pajamas. He wore the same clothes as the day before, still wet and kneaded.
"And don't think, my beautiful, that the fact of him being a man didn't make any difference. It surely was different and it took me two years to know that what I was feeling was love: my heart was beating for him and me."
"I loved him so, so much, dying by his side was a blessing. Dying side to side, feeling his smell mixing with mine, seeing the sparkle on his eyes while I wore his clothes, feeling the taste of his lips on mine."
-Oh, yes. Mr. Lestrade, this is my loyal friend, Mr. Holmes. - the man's words scared the curly haired, who waited something else.
-Let's say it was a gift from someone special from the past. It's been hidden in my coat since the day I arrived.
-John, honey. - the woman's voice was shaking in a creepy way, her face muscles shaking while she said every world. The little boy could see the tears almost falling off her eyes. Mommy grabbed him by the arm and pushed him into a hug. - I need you to go to your room and pretend you are asleep. Take Harry with you, take her.
-I can't believe this. Not this, Sherly. - he screamed, one more time, while his chest moved quickly. - God, I hate that man.
-No, it's not this. You are not all dressed up, with your hair all tidy even if you're wearing a hat and the mustache trimmed only to see a friend. You are trying to impress him, and by the patern, you need to pretend you have a life you don't actually do, that's why I think you gratuated with him and now he is a big doctor and you still live in a tiny house, keeping two jobs. You are not big friends, you pretend to like each other just so you can prove your superiority to each other.
-Oh! Oh... I am not the right person to five you advice about this now, my daughter. I am not, really. I am only an unmarried woman that never actually lived true love.
-And that is why it always ends, too, in a certain way. There are some that don't, of course, but usually it ends up quickly by the fact that intensity overcomes morality and the people involved rarely see something that isn't the feeling that fills them up. It is good to try something new before saying something as powerful as "he was my only love".
-A deerstalker. - Holmes cleared it out. - You know, it's used for hunting or big travels or, how can I say it? Pure fashion.
-That thought make you look like a sullen person, Holmes. Our first love is always the most intense.
-Watson! Welcome. - the man didn't seem at all as what Holmes thought he would seem. He had short white hair, but no bear or a great house. Everything was simple, but very, VERY, expensive. - I see you came with a friend.
-Obviously, not. – Sherlock replied, holding his boyfriend’s waist to calm him down. – We all know what they do with twins on here.
-It's fine, I think. - it was not, he was taking a lot of risks because of a fugitive that he didn't knew, but he liked to take control of everything and pretend everything was okay only to see people happy.
Holmes gave him the flowers, that surely were from a man who was left disappointed with the love of his life, a rude, rich woman, by how tight the package that had the flowers was, sooner, held.
John loved that beautiful thin body. He loved the way his back ended in two dimples and how his legs were defined.
-How are you? - the father asked naturally, making what he always did when he came to visit: wash his hands. John always felt offended, knowinh now that while he washed his hands, he washed his soul from murdering his own daughter.
The first punch came with a high noise. Harry desperately moved closer to her brother's body. The boy couldn't cry, wouldn't cry. He would never show himself as weak to his sister.
-I need to work, can't miss it. - continued, taking two coats from his chair and looking for his keys. - Stay here, please. I'll be back soon, I swear, but I don't want you to take risks leaving this house.
-Don't be, it's been a lot of time. I was an extremely happy child, don't worry about me. - Holmes concluded. - Have a good night, Doctor.
There was an awkward moment of silence while Watson put his pajamas on the bathroom and sat on his beautiful bed.
-John? - the feminine voice asked. Holmes knew exactly what was happening and, in a certain way, didn't knew if he liked it.
-You are staying, I'm taking care of this for you. Sit back there and stay quiet as I bring my stuff. - Watson pointed at the chair in the kitchen, where Holmes sat down immediately.
Dr. John H. Watson couldn't sleep while he could still listen to Mr. Holmes shaking because of the cold. He got him a mattress and let him sleep on the floor of his room, but Holmes still had his body gelid from the two hours before. Watson feared for his life and for his own life, because if one of the armed soldiers decided to check the houses during the dawn, both of them would be dead by the morning time. But, even with all that could happen, he couldn't keep himself from feeling acquainted with Holmes, a lost, scared man, with his defined face dried out because of the loss of hydration and the curly hair as an infinite mess that, for some reason, went well with his very green eyes.
-I could not be this brave. I really want to live with my parents, but poor Rosie... Do you really think she would survive the whole trip? I never traveled with her, she was never in a ship before and I am sure there will be no enough food or safety for me to keep her alive and healthy.
-It is special, I haven't seen Lestrade in a few years and I am excited to tell him about all of my achievements.
John couldn't see, buthe knew his mom was agreeing fast with everything, trying to prevent her husband's anger of popping out. She always did that. Always defending herself without actually doing it. Always.
Mr. Holmes nodded with his head and agreed with staying at the house for six hours before Dr. Watson came back and sit in his own chair. Holmes sat down in the other chair, making the older one shake.
-Do you think Rosie is okay? - Sherlock asked, while his head was on John's chest, right in the borderof the lake, when the doctor was running his nails along the curly brown hair that occupated his whole head.
"We spent long years together, I am proud to say I loved her so deeply it would be impossible for me to get deeped into this story without crying."
For some reason, Watson remembered the image of his dad cleaning his own bloody hands when he came to visit last year. He was even more blonde and angry. Watson didn't knew his dad's position in the Hitler army, but he knew he had forgotten all humanity as quickly as someone forgets the name of an unknown.
-Mary, you will not live with me again. How can you try to mess up my whole life again? You decided to leave, I got better without your help, so I don't want you to try to come back. It was your choice and I preffer you keep it this way until your very last breath.
It was painful to Sherlock to watch it. Watch John having difficulties on actually breathing, getting lost on his tears and holding himself on the table so he wouldn't fall out. He felt a piece of himself tearing itself with the falling of the tears the man he loved was crying.
-What is not human is that you want to keep Rosamund in a home full of people who don't actually care about her existence. I can take care of her while you work and keep her safe at night. You, sir, can share your bed with her and everything will be just fine. - Holmes said, with the sweet voice of someone who had lull as their allied and tears on his eyes by the pain he felt. - And, if you allow me, you are hurting me.
-I am very sorry about your loss, but I want you to know that I pretty much know you are not talking about a woman.
"That person was amazing, with dark eyesand hair and a sweet look, a voice so rough and convincing... My "sociopath" part left a soon as I saw... her."
He gave his spot to the little children and the older ones. Some pregnant woman arrived, and Holmes made what was possible and impossible for them to have  a place to sit. Watson stared at him for some time, only stopping when he noticed the smile that his face was forming. An elder guy stared at him and grunted.
Holmes took Watson's jacket off of himself, throwing it in a corner and thanking even if he never asked for it. He got up and offered his hand as support so the other could get up as well. Watson took his hand and got impulse.
But, in that very dark morning, he just wanted a small moment with his companion. A moment before it all turned upside down, as he knew it would, even if the war ended up early and no one ever found out about the both of them and what they did when they were alone in a room. And he was not talking about the dance classes he liked giving Sherlock.
His second patient was the sir's great-granddaughter, Edite, who now suffered with a throat tumor that wouldn't let her eat or feel tastes, not that she had enough food for that. The girl was literally dying on a small bed and that made John cry as soon as he got out of her house.
-Yes, she liked when I speak like that. - he awnsered, laying hte kid down in the desk John had and taking her dirty clothes off as well as her dirty diaper. - Will you help me with this, doctor?
John now had his hands holding his face, covering the eyes that had uncontrolable tears that moved in his cheeks quickly. The young man couldn't see John crying, simply by the fact that the pain his companion felt hit him deep inside his own heart, now that both of them were connected in such an intense way they couldn't live apart.
-That? Are you talking about her life? - John screamed, finally. - Then listen very quickly to what I am about to say. Sherlock, please, grab Rosie.
John, sometimes, woke up in the middle of the night with his lips dry and his heavy breathing, but never opened his eyes. But Sherlock knew. He knew he was awake and he knew that, in most of those nights where he woke up with no meaningful sense, he still thought they were at home, with his hands on Sherlock’s curls and with the feeling that everything was going to be just okay, because he was sure someday people would accept him just the way he was.
-Dead!? - Sherlock repeated, leaving all of his panic and doubt about where Harriet was just fade away, but not in a way that could make it until John and hurt him even more.
. Well, it gets, about four seconds or so of solid contact, before Sherlock grabs John by the shoulder and shoves.
Of course John remembered that night. He'd been lying when he'd said it was the worst night of his life, of course he had. Because the truth was, Sherlock had just reminded John of the night he'd realized he was close to being irrevocably in love with his flatmate. Despite the rain, the cold, the horrid smell, and the fear of discovery, he'd never been more aware of Sherlock's decency and that was all that seemed to matter. He'd pressed up against John in that skip, huddled together for warmth, had even taken off his coat and draped it over the both of them. They'd stayed that way for hours, he'd even fallen asleep a bit, rested against Sherlock's shoulder. He felt his face soften in remembrance, and he felt the memory of his forbidden want crash into their current position and he couldn't control himself.
They both laughed, what made the small Rosie join then and Holmes realize her laugh was just like her dad's.
-Did you bring us bathing clothes? - Sherlock asked, too worried to concentrate in the ammount of beauty there was right in front of him. His lips were completely closed and the eyes were in a thin line.
-Well... – Sherlock started. – The doctors who work for nazism are kind of curious about the existence of twins. They generally enjoy taking girl twins and boy twins and... Forcing them to do stuff that they shouldn’t just so they can know if, from that thing, there were be identical twins born from the couple.
-No, please. It doesn't matter how long I'm staying out, I',m not taking you to my job. - Watson was convincing. He got up again, wearing his second coat.
He closed the long jacket, gray as the sky, the street and all of the place he was in and went to the closest neighborhood in total silence. He knew that if he found himself face to face with some of the evil people, he would be dead, but he would risk his life for his patients' health.
-Please, the kids are sleeping. - Mommy spoke, with a quiet, terrified voice. John's dad was impatient when it was about his family. He didn't wanted to be there and made it very clear.
When the fifth's noise came out, the small John Watson was found holding his father's neck, with the lack of strenght he had. The mom was in the other side of the room, unconscious.
His third patient would have been an old friend if he hadn't passed away days before his weekly checkup. The young doctor felt a terrible pain when he remembered that and the fact that he didn't have anyone else to take care.
-I do, I am sure. I am a man of mind,but everything I say and do is totally based on what I feel, I hope you, sir, like this idea. I am who I am today because of who I was before and after I loved Jam...es.
"Dear daughter, if I am writing you this, it's because I am certain I will not be by your side to repeat those words, consider this from my heart to yours."
Their house was not reached by the bombs, because the damn nazis liked to play with people, but John Watson's heart felt like a bomb.
-Are you good? - John asked, holding the companion's wrist. - I didn't knew if you would like to be on a lake today, but it's the most quiet place I could find. No one comes here.
Watson always was someone that got used to thing very quickly and now he used to match is breathing to the friend's, without falling asleep if something was different. But, before that, Watson got used to another breathing: his wife's, the woman he loved, the woman that slept with him every night, Mary Watson.
-You want my daughter to learn to speak things such as "uncle Sherlock" before she learns how to say "dad", isn't it?
When Holmes fell asleep, Watson thought he wouldn't let him go to the streets. He would keep him close.
-You are wearing a new suit, with fine fabric. I would never see you wearing something like that if it wasn't special.
-My dear Holmes, not everything lasts. - he cleared it up again, getting up. - After 4 long years in the most pure happiness, she decided I wasn't good enough. She left with a bag full of letters, a sad smile and our daughter.
Watson, when he realized that nothing would work at that moment, warned Holmes he would look for a calmer place to lay down and have a bit of rest. By that corner, where he was all alone, he could see Holmes and all of the attentiveness and empathy he had for other people. He was shaking, with his skin almost blue because of how cold he was, but he insisted on continuing helping the other. Watson sworehe could hear him singing a childish song.
During the morning, Watson realized Holmes's eyes wee more blue than green when in contact with the daylight. The snow was still falling violently in the window. Watson was raising the red flag, covering the fact that he kept in his house one of the people who represented the people that flag most hated.
While he walked into the bathroom, a little bit more recovered, John was able to think about his appearance. He had dirty, wet hair, giving it a weird look, the green eyes shined and give that skinny, pale body some contrast. The skin, even pale, was completely dirty and the smell was not pleasing. Watson didn't blame him, in any way, because he was abandoned and scared, no one could judge him by his smell.
-He is a doctor, that we know. You confirmed this as soon as you couldn't close your mouth at what I said, now I wonder what type of doctor he is. One like you, sir, who works for pure love and helps the poor? No, because he gains a lot more and this is impossible. I assume then that this man to whom you referer to must be a nazi doctor, or at least one that works with the victims.
-Holmes? - he screamed my going into his own room. He found him laying in the matters, beside of a perfectly made bed.
-No, it's good. - the doctor smiled, remembering his sister. - You, sir, know you are sick, right? I have a patient that also... You know, has blood on his cough. He is was better now, I'll visit him today.
-And I know that you, doctor, is in danger because of me being inside of your home. - he said, messing with his hair.
Watson started realizing he couldn't explain how Sherlock did it, but he would admire him with all of his heart.
He let Rosie with Mrs. Hudson. She, surely, knew about Sherlock and John's situation, and she adored them. Rosie loved her, but she couldn't stay long in someone's house if John wasn't with her.
The two steps turned into four, almost coordenated. The terror hit him quickly and he tried taking of the apron before opening the bedroom's door (they always kept it closed, for some reason Holmes didn't really get but never complained) and go into the noise. He got closer very slowly, fearing what he would find.
-Mary... Mary was my first love and the most intense. She was a blonde, short haired woman with gentle eyes. We lived good years together, right here, in this house. That empty side of the bed was once from a very strong woman.
Dad cleared out his throat, making John wake up from his dream that was to be on Sherlock's arms one more time before they would be gone.
-You have a daughter? - Holmes asked, charmed and Watson smiled, reminding of the girl's face. - What is her name?
Sherlock, before he could even have any negative reaction, already saw his companion taking his shirt and pants and jumping into the lake while laughing hard.
The young man dressed up in a white shirt, social pants and red suspenders, leaving the flat with fear. It was past six in the morning, so he could walk on the streets, but only with a lot of fear.
-Everything will be alright someday, Watson. Our first love hardly is the true one, that's what I believe in.
Dr. Watson was worried. He was worried about the color his eyes were getting and the weird shine on the look of the one man that got away for a few hours. John expected that, as he was the person that got him a home, he would be a little more faithful to the rules, because there was only one: "DO NOT LEAVE THE HOUSE".
-What would be this smell, Rosie, huh? - Holmes whispered, smiling to the lovly little girl that didn't understand anything he was saying. - Someone made a little dirt during the night? It's okay, uncle Sherlock can take care of this for you.
Sherlock smiled, knowing that, even sleeping, John never lied. And smiled, because he loved him too.
-I know... And I think he already knew he would not be here today, so he left me this box. It is something I got from your old house and that I got right after the war, when your, welll, your grandfather, handed me whatever John took to the camp. It was specific that I couldn't let you know about this box until you experienced, for the first time, love.
-Sorry? - Dr. Watson asked, not actually hearing his own voice because of how low it was. He was a cautious man, so he got worried at even whispering in a time like that.
"And, after some months, he was not only living in my home: he was a part of me. I could not sleep without hearing his breathing beside my bed."
The second drawing, bigger, better, was Sherlock's. It was amazing how anyone could see how beautiful he actually was and how her father could capture his delicate features so well, even in the middle of a war that hit him completely.
-Doctor Watson, if you allow me, I know what you are going to say and you, sir, know I face it with such a naturality because it is also my situation. - Holmes smiled for a while before he got up. - I see you,sir, staring at young men in the streets when we go out, and it's completely fine.
Some children got closer and, as soon as they saw Holmes, they let go a small scream, which was enough to wake up Watson. He shaked and opened and  closed his eyes a few times until he realized where he was. When he finally got used to it, he saw Holmes' figure wearing his coat while telling a story to the children.
"Love, when sincere and pure, mark the lives of those who look for a reason to live life, complicated as it is."
At that night, he took extra care to put more clothes on and hiding his work tools on his pockets. He locked the door twice and checked it for long minutes before looking at the sides just to see if his neighbors were looking at him. The people from that neighborhood complained all the time about the situation and all of the deaths, but spent their days looking though Windows just trying to discover another victim.
She was in love, God, deeply in love. And that, in a certain way, was not good. She felt consumed by that feeling in a way that everything in her seemed like it was filled with agony and concern. Rosamund Watson started too soon into teenagehood to worry about how she looked and how things worked on her head, as a 16 years old, she was already into that situation and didn't see a way to go out.
-If you know I am attracted to both genders, you must have realized I have a bit of an... Am=dmiration for you, sir. A lot, because of how you take care of our little girl and make me feel like it is something very natural and beautiful.
The lady whispered and smiled, looking at Rosie's shelf and putting herself into a chair to take, right from the behind, a big box.
Their lips touched one more time as if they were never apart at all, during all of those years they were apart from their true feelings, which made them feel alive in the middle of the darkness.
-Uncle Sherlock? - he heard his companion's voice as soon as he turned to the wardrobe, where he got a fabric diaper and a small piece of fabric with water.
"And remember that, from where we are, me and your (still beautiful, still very mine) daddy can see you and want to help you."
Everything he knew was that John's dad now commanded a concentration camp for homosexuals and jews. Harry was a lesbian.
The doctor handed him medication, even with extreme doubts about how it would work. Holmes coughed again, thanking him.
-Well. I was born in January of 1922. My parents lived with me until... Well, last week. I have an older brother named Mycroft and we get along incredibly well.
Watson had his mouth opened, looking at Holmes' mouth, that didn't stop moving, like if he was made to dictate John Watson's life withou pauses.
-John! - she smiled, with the little girl sleeping in her lap; - Can you help me with my clothes? I've been busyall of this time with Rosamund and only now I could come back.
-Yes. And she looks a lot like you. That's why I came back, Rosamund deserves a dad! And, if I didn't came back, I would have to cross the country on a ship and Rosie would hate me. My parents are moving somewhere else, somewhere where they can live in peace.
He first carried Holmes, that didn't really get what was happening. He got him by his pulse and tried to push him so he would know. After this, he asked for help to take clothes and food, in case his neighboorhood was bombed and nothing was left over.
The blonde girl, with her curls hitting the end of her back, ran until her living. She was, as she would not like to admit. ashamed of herself. Ashamed because she was who she was right now and who she never wanted to be: a girl, in love.
She admited, as soon as she was leaving, that Rosamund would be safer with her dadand the young man than in a new country, where she would have to work day and night to get them a house.
John was red. Inside that place, it always felt like he had no controlo f his emotions, and the anger was the one that always showed up the most. Sherlock held his hand to try to stop him from leaving the bedroom still on his bed clothes and look for the biggest person in control of that place.
Watson spent some good ten minutes while waiting in his chair, that was right in front of another one, a little bit different. His sister used to sit there and talk to him about how life had been going at their parents's farm.
Mary cried for hours and hours sitting on a chair, thinking about the possibility of abandoning her own child. Holmes convinced her as soon as he guaranteed she was not abandoning her, but only getting her a better future.
-Today? - Holmes asked, looking through the window and watching the slightly dark sky forming itself. It made him wonder where they were.
They both laughed while Sherlock turned and got in front of John just to leave a small kiss on his forehead.
-I don't know how she looks today. I don't think she looks like me, but I like to imagine her as a better, prettier version of myself.
Holmes got up, touching the tombstone in a lovely way and going home. He, again, entered the flat, finding Dr. Watson almost clearly having a heart attack.
Sherlock smied, more than ever. Because now, in that same moemnt, he felt like he was part of something beautiful. Something that would change someone's life forever.
-Don't ask me how I am. You know what is happening and you are not very welcome in my home. - John didn't have the courage to scream or punch the man, he was completely destroyed. -You are a goddamn monster, since I was born I think like that. You are a monster and every day I thank my good God that I don't have any of your personality mixed with the blood that runs in my veins.
Sherlock was hearing his boyfriend’s breathing when it started, because they had the weird costum of only sleeping if their breathing patterns were equal.
Thye spoke about how they died so together, so deeply together, that when they burned them, they couldn’t get their ashes appart. And the ashes stood there together forever.
Sherlock agreed and took the small girl on his lap, wrapping her thin legs around his fine waist and kissing the top of her head while he let her lie on his chest.
The man coughed sometimes before getting up and start to the explain himself. For some reason, Dr. Watson recognized his voice was so low because of how weak he was, not because he was trying to be cautious as the - probably - older one.
As soon as he stepped in the room, he noticed something was different. The floor was smelling very good.
-No, it's not. I'll leave as soon as I can move better so I can run to a safe place, I swear. - he got in his knees in front of the Doctor, with his hands on a praying position.
-Shh, it’s fine. – Sherlock replied, kissing one of his shoulders and making him fi ton his chest all over again. The bed was very small, and both of them were too big to find a confortable position.
-I hate you for making me face this cold water, doctor Wtson. - Sherlock said while he jumped and gotsmaller right in the middle of the lake. John got closer and, for the first time after all that happend, he held his companion from the behind, as he felt safe enough to demonstrate how much he liked him. - Now I don't hate you.
For Mr. William Sherlock Scott Holmes, living inside of a concentration camp wasn’t exactly what people would call hell on Earth, but that was only becauseof the fact that, even if he had the minimal condition to get food and self care, he was still keeping himself completely alive and warm only by the warmness of the feeling he felt for doctor John H. Watson. He was still deeply in love, even if he saw the body, once full of good places to hold, getting slowly thiner. Even if both of them were into a war zone, where they prayed every year for the end.
During another cold night in the country of Germany, even before he could open his eyes, Dr. John H. Watson already put the red flag in the front window of his small flat. It was a way of hiding the broken part of the window and also a way to protect himself. The simple of that decade was trying to survive just by the existence of a flag that, somehow, showed supposed to the Führer.
The party wasn’t hard to find; it had spilled out into the hall, with several people milling about, drinks in hand. Raucous conversation and heavy bass beats filled the air as he neared. He shoved his way inside without care and marched to the nearest source of booze.
“Yes, John. Your knowledge of popular music helped establish the kidnapper’s motive. As I have no such knowledge of my own that was quite helpful, and now I know you’re quick to act should the need for violence arise. Having someone with a passing medical knowledge would come in handy in the future as well.”
“Doing it now,” Mycroft informed him as he typed away. “And John, before I do,” John braced himself for unasked for advice, “when Victor Trevor entered Sherlock’s life, Sherlock briefly deleted rope tying.”
He tilted his head and wondered at this show of bravado. The answer became obvious immediately when her eyes flitted away under the pressure of Sherlock’s gaze.
Sherlock glanced at John on the sofa, who was looking between the two of them in bewilderment. He wanted to ask, Sherlock could tell, it was on the tip of his tongue, but he didn’t.
This seems to stump the duo. John doubts it’s the truth but of course he has no idea what Sherlock’s real purpose is, so he has no choice but to follow along. He does his best to look like he’s in on the plan.
“As if I would revel in giving her a fright if I thought that a possibility. She’s as healthy as an ox, ‘cept for the bum hip, perhaps.”
"Then don't hesitate." John can hear his voice breaking. His courage is starting to leave him, a sick feeling is welling up in his core and he feels lightheaded. "Please, for me, Clara, don't hesitate. Tell her how you feel, yeah?"
His companion runs full tilt for his car but John stops, pulls the borrowed pistol, and takes aim. Before the assailant knows what hit him, John has taken out his right leg, a thigh graze but deep enough to bleed profusely. He falls to the dirt with a dramatic wail.
“Yes,” he practically growled. He strode forward past Lestrade’s lackey, Donovan, who sneered but kept her mouth shut. He also ignored the flatmate, who questioned Sherlock’s appearance. The flat wasn’t obviously disturbed, if you were a veritable idiot who didn’t know what they were looking for, which Lestrade and his team were.
“I suppose if you insist on staying where you are then fine, but where are your extra pillows? You’ve destroyed this one.”
“I have no proof,” Sherlock says but holds up a hand when Oliver looks to interrupt, “but I’m sure you can understand why she sought me out. She doesn’t exactly trust you, am I correct?”
Sherlock is panting in earnest now. “I’m sorry, John, I wanted to do everything with you but I can’t. I can’t.”
“Sherlock,” John managed, drawing Sherlock’s eyes up from where they’d lingered around John’s bare feet. “You said earlier… that you’d wanted to go slow,” he let the statement linger open-ended, a question of intent.
and if this was the male equivalent, John was a born natural. He was hard pressed to keep his new mate’s hips still beneath his grasp. For the most part he just held on. Without thinking, John snaked a hand underneath and was pleasantly surprised to find a bounty of a backside. He hummed in delight as he went hands-free and used both get two handfuls of delicious arse. The writhing quickened, each hip snap popping the head of his cock in and out from between John’s lips with a satisfying drag. Oh, he knew this feeling, knew the daze this must be sending his new friend into.
John stared him down, hoping the first thought that popped into his head hadn’t just written itself across his face. “And how-” He had to clear his throat before trying again. “How would I do that exactly?”
"It's not out of the realm. You should have seen them working together on that fake Ripper case. Like a well-oiled machine. Not as good as you two, mind," Greg assured casually, "but not bad. I think Sherlock really appreciates her scientific approach. Don't think Janine could hold a candle to that. What does she do again?"
His face scrunched up like John had just suggested that he swallow a pine cone whole. "But John," he whined.
John was set free and found he was slightly annoyed at the lack of warmth at his ears. He looked at Mary, whose smile was teasing but whose shoulders were high enough to look proprietary. John chuckled at the thought.
John, admittedly, wasn't as angry as he let on.  It was a great relief, it felt like, to not have to hide from Bill at least.
He snarled at the cheap shot, snatched John by his shirt and threw him into the opposite wall. The curio cupboard rattled with the force, and John snarled right back. Sherlock’s infuriating grin sent him over the edge and he ran at him again. This time he anticipated John’s move and simply moved out of the way, damn near tripping John into the doorway. The door hit the wall as John braced himself on it.
He glances over. “You were wounded in action, invalided home recently. Depressed, probably advised by your therapist to go on holiday, put some things in perspective.”
“Mmm, yes, that’s what I said. Think it was cut with ecstasy. No, I’m sure of it. These coats do feel amazing.” He listed to the side and twisted his arms further into the pile of outerwear. John stared in unabashed curiosity. He’d never actually seen someone on ecstasy, outside of films. It was a bit like watching a cat on catnip. The kid had a certain kind of grace that was mesmerizing.
The point is: jews were not allowed to walk in parks, open areas, theaters or any type of places that could give them some fun. No on in that country wanted them near, those big nosed, dirty men that stole their money. No one wanted them to feel confortable. Everyone only wished they would be treated as animals.
He didn't really get a reply, so he finished folding the doctor's blankets, while he smoothed the apron his companion gave him for that exact same of the week. It was very common that the doctor would work a little more on wednesdays and Holmes liked doing the cleaning during this time.
John loved all of those curls and how they fell into Sherlock’s shoulders, giving his face some format.
The fact is that John never got invited. And his sister simply stopped giving him news, even if he knew she didn't live with their parents anymore because of "her own circumstances".
Holmes smiled, thanking him just with his head. Holmes liked to be admired by his intelectual as much as anyone thought women liked to be admired by their looks.
Empathy for the pair of green eyes that stared at him with an euphoria almost surprising. The same euphoria he saw in the sick people he took care all day and night. And the same euphoria he saw in his own eyes when he looked in the mirror every morning, trying to discover which "kind of man he was".
-Watson? - he asked, in one of those nights where the doctor decided not to go to work too early and they could sit in front of the fire and eat warm food.
-Then go with them. - Watson screamed. - This is not your house anymore, Mary, thisis the house I live in with Mr. Holmes, our home.
He broke in tears. That was his favorite place. He couldn't avoid the sadness as he saw the letters all broken up. Those letters were the only ones - besides Sherlock's heart - that still remembered him.
-Well, Mr. Holmes, we'll find a way. - Watson gave him a smile. - But to the fact that my pajamas look extremely short on your body and that your hair dries really quickly, I fear there are no solutions.
-I know what a deerstalker is. I'm wondering where you took it off. - Watson spoke, giving more space so the tall man could pass.
Holmes smiled and got closer. He got on his knees right in front on the doctor that he saw as one of the most inteligent, kind and beautiful men he ever met.
-Jump, Sherly! You will not feel the cold if you jump! - John screamed, waving his arms around his own body.
-She will learn what she wantsto, you grumpy guy. Now, I really need you to buy the milk, I am starving.
After two hours of negative thoughts and a desire to have been born in another place or another time when the young man got closer. He was dirty, had difficulties breathing and was almost purple. He let his thin body slip on the wall and laid down right in the doctor's side, who was already asleep.
-Do you want me to do it? - he asked, while he let Rosie push his own hair. The doctor said yes and raised an eyebrow, trying to understand if the companion would actually feel confortable doing this. - It's okay, just buy the milk. And candy. Oh, and I need something for my hair.
-I hear you, sir, getting up and going to your desk. I always see you drawing. Do you draw her? At least your vision of her?
Holmes wasthere for a few weeks and Watson, as a good lonely man, couldn't even imagine his own nights of sleep without the tall man lying on the floor right beside him.
They spent a lovely afternoon with ambicious talks and lies. Lestrade was not at all as rich as he claimed he was and Holmes knew that very well.
Sherlock sat on his chair, while John got up, with his hands covering his face that now had a red tone from all of the anger and sadness he felt knowing how his sister died.
“Excuse me?” Scarlett snapped in shock.  She looked to John to be just as enraged, and on some level he was, but he was still stunned by the man’s proclamations from before, his confidence, his…well everything.
“Mind the glass!” Sherlock yelled but John ignored him in favour of pushing harder into his diaphragm and stomping on his right foot.
“Victor, have a seat,” Sherlock commanded. “I’m sure John would have offered if he wasn’t so distracted by last Sunday’s paper.”
John wasn't sure if he was hinting for John to use his mouth or what but the posh bastard could get bent.
He crushes his eyes shut when a wave of heat works his way up his chest. He can feel the definition of Sherlock’s forearm, the slight sheen of sweat, the grit of sand still stuck to his skin where they’d lain on the ground. It shouldn’t be so erotic, but dammit, it is, it really is. John grips the rolled cuff, and, to the best of his ability given the awkward angle, begins to roll it down.
The vendor handed John the bolt action pellet rifle and John tested its weight, found it mockingly lighter than his own L85A2. A thought occurred briefly: should he be worried about shooting affecting his PTSD? Would it trigger an episode? He’d not shot a weapon since the day he was taken down by an enemy bullet and shipped home. Was he about to make a fool of himself? Did it bother him that Scarlett hadn’t thought of that either? No, she was a civilian; they rarely thought of or understood triggers. They just didn't
Sherlock panted hot air back at him but John didn’t receive an actual response. When he let go of Sherlock’s wrists to move down his long torso, and reached the clasp of his trousers, Sherlock’s eye widened in understanding. His head fell back against the table to slam a few times when John released his springing erection.
“I still have to call the housing board and let my roommate know,” John was trying to explain but the landlady was having none of it. She went on about the room upstairs, insinuating it’s possible superfluous existence, which turned John’s ears red, and - oh! - the linens downstairs she would bring up and not to worry about that month’s rent, as Mycroft had already taken care of it. All the while Sherlock stared blankly at his mounted rapier over the dresser, plotting how best to commit fratricide with his bum foot as an impediment. Poison a pastry?
John smiled as Sherlock rushed to close the bits up in a plastic sandwich container of Mrs. Hudson’s. Sherlock hadn’t initiated contact in weeks, and it felt like seeing the sun again after an endless storm. John moved to grab his bag, brought it over to his chair and sat. Sherlock followed behind, falling into his own chair with an excited air.
After a beat, John tucked him back into his trousers and then crawled up that lanky body. His smug smile became rooted in place as he stared down at the kid’s still shocked face. He looked up at John like John had the answers to all life’s questions.
“You’ve no idea how often I’ve thought of this,” John mumbled the confession into Sherlock’s shoulder, licking a stripe across his skin, tasting him.
John cleared his throat, terribly awkward but necessary considering neither had spared him a glance in minutes. “I’m, I, uh, forgot to do the shopping. I’ll just… uh, pop down. Leave you two to catch up. Be back in a bit.”
Janine piped up from the corner. "Jim's lover too, don't forget that. Makes it all the more tragic."
“That you’re not going to force me into some wild situation just so I’ll bend you over my knee or something ridiculous.”
"No! It's great!" She practically yells and then realizes her casual facade has cracked and reels it back in. "I mean I liked it a lot. I think you've gotten better since...since..."
are bland. I just meant that I didn’t expect that to be your answer. Thought it would be something more exotic, like ocelots or tiger sharks or something.”
John shuffled up to where Sherlock lay and flopped down. He kissed Sherlock’s shoulder gently before crawling up to kiss him proper on the mouth. Sherlock welcomed him, and was welcomed by him, to explore with lazy inhibition. The kiss turned heated quickly, the motion of John’s tongue against his own too much after knowing how it felt against other sensitive bits.
“Hmm, gonna take a lot of practise then.” He did some sort of swivel maneuver that had Sherlock seeing stars. “I can’t wait.”
John froze in the doorway. Laila glanced at him, but Sherlock couldn’t see. Her look said, ‘See? He has no idea what he’s doing.’
“Look, if you’re not willing to kiss me, even though it's obvious you're up for it and would love a chance to get one over on your ex,” he stated with a sneer, “I’ll just go find Victor and be on my way.”
They congratulated each other, slapping hands in victory. Only a second later, John visibly sank. He turned toward Sherlock. “Oh no. He’s got her. We have to hurry.”
He was running before he even decided to move, instinctively heading toward the correct underground station. The time waited traveling was intolerable but there was little he could do but wait; the train could hardly be bribed to go any faster. Probably… Bribery had worked on nearly every other civil servant Sherlock had encountered. He shook that thought off and focused on the present.
“Okay, fuck, I’m ready. So, so ready. Are you? Can we?” John growled, attempting to extricate himself from Sherlock’s grasp.
“If this is about the drawings, it’s fine. I don’t care.” Sherlock’s eyes closed. Again he had no idea why but these were not the words he wanted to hear. “It’s not like I think Mrs. Hudson was right. You know how she is, always thinking there’s something going on. Really. I get it.”
John growled and gripped Sherlock by the cock in retaliation. He bent double on a gasp, before snatching both of John's hands and pinning them to the headboard.
John’s mirth died at that bit of information. Now all he could imagine was a strange, but frightened, little boy being dropped off out front of a terrifying gothic structure with naught but a wave and a too large suitcase at his feet.
Dr. Watson? Was she a former patient? Most fans didn't address him so formally. "I'm not busy." He uses the smile he utilizes for putting new patients at ease.
“Oh,” Mike responded, clearly at a loss on how to proceed. “Um, care for something stronger?” He asked with a nod to John’s second beer.
“Christ, I love you, you mental bastard.” He pulled Sherlock down again and pressed their lips together, melted together in such familiar heat, it was a wonder really why they hadn’t combusted yet.  He hoped he never became used to it. The feel of Sherlock’s curls between his fingers, the press of his lips, the taste of his breath as it brushed across his tongue, these things still felt like some sort of miracle and the moment he took them for granted, he would no longer deserve to have them.
“Impossible, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock drawled as he fell back into his chair. “You wouldn’t be caught dead using powdered creamer, which is the only form of cream that is explosive.”
Sherlock just shakes his head, the essence of a child refusing to go to bed, petulant as always. He even gives a small, wet sniff. John thinks he might either melt or scream.
Janine motioned for them to move into the adjacent room. "C'mon everyone, let's take this away from prying eyes."
"Fine, but you owe me about nine new jumpers, probably a hundred mugs, and an indefinite amount of socks."
The first response to call John an idiot again was stamped down. “I walked Regent’s every day for a week. Waiting for you.”
John grabbed his little soster, putting her on his lap and taking her to his room. Harry was just some years younger, but still almost had her brother's height,him being the smallest guy in his classroom.
-Thank you. – he said, not realizing there was no Rosie crying. In her spot, there were lots of other children, dying because they felt hungry or had no water, with very apparent sickness and having their parents taken off of them, just how they took Sherlock and John from Rosie. – Sleep well, I love you.
-Here, follow me. - finally, he said, putting his arm behind the man's shoulders and bringing him up.
Once or twice in a day, John found the little girl resting on his boyfriend’s lap, while they slept calmly on the couch or their bed.
"See, there was a time where I just couldn't not love him, it was something I couldn't control as I used to control the rest of my life. I loved everything about him and made it very clear."
John reached back and grabbed the bottle of lubrication he’d dropped when he’d laid down. A part of Sherlock noted all of this but most of his attention was in fact riveted to John’s finally revealed erection. It was… It was… Words failed him. Without looking he could sense John’s smug attitude over the whole affair but he wouldn’t, couldn’t, pretend he wasn’t in awe.
The man’s eyes met Sherlock’s and John’s heart started mourning before his brain caught up in understanding.
“Fine,” he dug into his pocket for his mobile, “I’ll just strain my eyes on this miniscule screen.” He squinted for good measure.
John pulled her by the hand toward the sofa, the very place she’d snogged, and more, probably, with David not twenty four hours earlier. He ran his free hand over the coarse fabric and tried to find the words to explain how incredibly done with her he was.
He stared at their clasped hands, Sherlock’s larger one cradling his smaller one, his thumb gently rubbing away the dried blood from his knuckles.
“She was pre-law, rule abiding, punctual, and hard working. Then she gets in with the wrong crowd, starts skipping class, starts seeing someone new, someone from ‘the wrong side of the tracks’ as it were.”
John cautiously made his way up to the spare bedroom. The door was already open when he got there, the tips of Sherlock’s feet just visible in the doorway, one bare, one still wearing the expensive Italian loafer.
Laila gestured around to the empty pavement around them. “You tell me! How did you manage to muck it up in under twenty minutes?”
“Do you remember coming back to the flat?” He asked next, an almost ominous air about him. Sherlock was baffled why this mattered more than the simple fact that he’d nearly overdosed on purple cough medicine.
“The swelling looks the same,” he noted as he turned the foot side to side. “How’s that feel? Stiff?”
.” Sherlock’s spine curved against his will, the leather under his grip nearly giving to the pressure from his nails, the curls against his forehead trembling with the exhalation of his gasps. John was speaking but Sherlock could have been under water as far as listening went - John's taunts taking second chair to a bloody great roar in his head.
John grinned despite himself. "I am. I am proud of him." He turned to look at Greg but upon noting the smug smile, nay grin, he was sending John's way he had to review what had just transpired. "No, I mean...You know what I meant."
Sherlock stared back for long time, long enough for John to frown at him in irritation. That line, that furrow… Damn it, even John’s scowl was a part of Sherlock now.
Sherlock seemed to hesitate, mouth opened on an answer and then closed again. He finally settled on a nonchalant, “Entirely up to you.”
“What! No!” He backpedaled. “Why would you think that?” He was horrified he’d been so transparent and a little bit saddened to see John’s confusion on the subject.
A breath left John’s chest as he deflated. He slapped both palms to his eyes and pressed. “A job…” He practically squeaked.
“Why she assumes I’m going to immediately get caught in the opium den is beyond me. No evidence gathering, no due process, just straight to prison.”
"Good. I'm glad to see you two settled and happy. Tell her to give me a call when she graduates, she's got a job at my practice for life if she wants."
He gently slid the foreskin back to reveal an already shining head, perfectly shaped and begging to be explored. John smirked at the little abortive thrusts the hips in his grasp made. He moved forward, eyes back up to make sure his friend was still watching, and started off with a curious swipe of his tongue, just around the crown, to discover the taste. Not bad, as expected; salty like sweat but with a nice musky earthiness to it. Quite satisfying, John had to admit. Especially since the recipient’s reaction was one to remember. He lost eye contact when they rolled back and both hands came up to fist his own dark curls. John had to put both hand to his slim hips to keep him from rocking forward too fast. John chuckled a bit but went back down, this time with moistened lips wrapped clear around the head, and sucked. It felt good, even more satisfying than his initial quick taste; a perfect fit. He tested how far down he could take him- about halfway without issue. The rest would be a challenge but he was nothing if not adventurous. John held his breath and forced the gorgeous stranger’s cock further down the back of his throat.
“What?” Sherlock nervously questioned but John didn’t answer. His eyes were busy raking Sherlock up and down, mouth open and closing with no sound. “Good?” He asked.
“I’m thirsty, do you want anything? What do you want? They’ve got dark sugar water, light sugar water, hmm….purple or orange sugar water, and something purporting to be tea but.” Sherlock looks up with a grimace and John thinks it’s a pleasant relief, not having to choke down his opinion on American ‘tea.’
He tried the dance floor first, that was John's usual M.O. when he first arrived, but after frantically cutting through the crush he didn't catch a hint of sandy blond hair or John's broad shoulders. The bar was empty except for a few patrons waiting for drinks, all nine of them not John. A sick feeling welled in Sherlock’s guts, because if John wasn't on the dance floor or at the bar, he was in the loo, and that meant it was too late.
John pulled off enough to mutter, “Wouldn’t want to keep the man from his business.” And then he went back to it, concentrating threefold on the tip to speed things along.
Sherlock continues to stare off into the kitchen, he’s blinking so fast now it’s like watching a time lapse video, but still he says nothing.
"Oh, yes. All right," he mused on the question. "I want to say on your stomach so we don't aggravate your cut more than necessary but-"
When she smiles, with shared understanding of Sherlock's tastes, John has to stamp down his first instinct to lay claim.
“This way,” he directed with a tug on John’s sleeve. They moved quickly but with caution around the large steel pipes on the grounds. He had no idea why Sherlock thought he could catch this sadist before the police did but he’d learned to trust Sherlock’s instincts and he could usually be counted on to pull them out of his greater blunders with a heavy hand and a stern voice.
Everyone, including Mike and Molly had eyes on him, except apparently the one person who John had gotten publicly slapped for, the bastard. Sherlock was still facing away, leaned in close with Irene to hear her over the crowd. God dammit, he’d just been dumped by the hottest girl he’d ever dated and the plan hadn’t even worked.
John is baffled but goes along with it. That’s their dynamic completely, isn’t it? “Lay it on me then.”
Mary quirked an eyebrow at her but then shrugged. "Maybe a smidge. I'm finding the champagne lacking."
John took the opportunity to pull his jumper over his head and tug his trousers off. He was a right mess, sweaty and practically shaking. Hopefully his partner didn't notice his lack of composure, it would ruin the effect.
They giggled mercilessly for a long time over that, passing the joint back and forth until it burnt their fingertips, and then laid back against their chairs in a sprawling heap. John let the back of his chair cradle his nape and stared up at the ceiling.
"All over this eight hundred quid suit that you didn't want to pay for I might add," Sherlock grunted and groaned at him, tightening his grip and sending John over the edge.
Sherlock laughs but threats of being eaten in the night do nothing to stop him from checking in. John watches him walk away, pouting at the lanky frame; half in exasperation, half in sexual frustration. God help him if they have to share a bed. Christ, he should have thought about this!
John groaned around the enormous bit of flesh filling his mouth. His hand snaked down and squeezed at his cock to relieve some of the pressure there as he continued to force Bernard’s prick further and further down his throat. He imagined taking it up his arse about as easily as one would a baseball bat, and yet…
A bloke emerged from underneath the pile; deceptively too young, pale, and skinny to be the owner of such a voice. He pulled a green cardigan off his shoulder and looked John up and down with clear disdain.
“Can I touch you?” Sherlock practically begged, grunting the words straight into John’s mouth. He could barely think of anything else, he just wanted the bloody thing in his hands. John’s transport seemed to have that effect on him.
“Well, obviously.” Sherlock chuckled. “That reminds me, you never let me finish my proposition last night.”
“Here, come sit back down.” She pulled him down into his chair and pushed their plates out of the way so she could cradle his hand in hers, rubbing soothing circles into his palm and wrist.
Sherlock gasped and flung John off his chest as he scrambled to search the top drawer. "Where are they?" He snarled. "John! This isn't funny, where are they?"
Lestrade scoffed. “Oh, my mistake. You’re right, ingesting three bottles of cough syrup, perfectly sound life choice. Christ.”
John finally reached the top of the stairs and called out as quietly as he could, “Sorry, it was heavier than I-"
Sherlock looked over his shoulder, John was going down to one knee, bringing himself level with Sherlock’s raised arse. Logically, he had prepared himself for this eventuality, had planned and welcomed it in fact, but the first whack of John’s open palm across his arse was like being shocked by an electric fence.
Before he could lower himself down, his friend rose up and crashed them together. Christ, it was better than before somehow. It was desperate, pleading, as if John had the antidote to something that was killing the man beneath him. His head swam, not with liquor but with lust. It was good old fashioned
John, slowly, slid further on top, draping himself lightly over Sherlock’s frame. So close he could feel the heat from John's body but not nearly close enough. Sherlock attempted to drive this point home by canting his hips forward, to no avail, meeting nothing but air.
“Yes,” he snapped, the antithesis of appreciative. Greg, for his part, stayed thankfully silent on Sherlock’s outburst. In fact, the travelers all silently agreed to keep all opinions to themselves all the way back to the station. On the way out of the car Sherlock sent John a glare, as if to say ‘This is all your fault.’ John returned the look with an extra dosing of ‘If you know what’s good for you, you’ll keep your opinions to yourself.’ Captain Watson was not afraid to make a public appearance. He’d done it before to corral the consulting infant, he’d do it again.
“Yes, ma’am,” he crooned mockingly. He could practically feel the narrowed eye on the back of his neck but he ignored her and moved on. Damn the woman. Sherlock meant to impress John, not to get belittled by a woman who carried a nightstick because her Daddy had ignored her during her  formative years.
“You know,” John leaned to take his turn and their fingers brushed due to the shortened length of the joint, “I can see you in an opium den.”
“Really?” Sherlock asked, apparently nonplussed by the contact. “I’ve never been. Know any good ones?”
They shared a look. Sherlock knew damn well John hadn’t ever heard of this mystery brother before, but he was silently asking for the questions to wait until Mrs. Hudson left. He’d wait not a second more.
Sherlock’s eyebrows rose high but then fell again as soon as he realized John was letting him claim victory. His shoulders went back as he straightened in his seat. John had to stamp down on the instinct to grin.
Of course, John was the perfect gentleman throughout. Sherlock didn’t know if he was disappointed or relieved, honestly. He waited, not playing the least bit attention to the film, as John laughed at things Liza whispered in his ear. When John responded to these comments Sherlock felt his blood simmer, but these were just innocent moments. Nothing to cause a scene over. Not that he
Sherlock merely glared and informed him that platypi were aquatic mammals. They argued over that for another few minutes, until John’s stomach gave a rumble.
Sherlock took a second to process what John referred to, rolling his eyes at John’s attempt to deny the facts. “I believe the lyrics were quite clear.”
“Oh, you like him well enough,” Sherlock explained to her, “but you’re in it for the long game. You think if you stick around long enough he’ll go back into surgery and you’ll be a proper doctor’s wife. Not going to happen. His tremors will never allow it. Sure, he might do a little locum work but the strain of your too high-reaching expectations will drive a wedge sooner or later. Best break it off now when you’re not invested before he starts in with the vigilantism and collecting ASBO’s. Really, I’m doing you both a favour.”
John laughed, a gratifying sound. “I meant, fuck. I meant why did you think I wouldn't want all of you? Of course I want to hold hands and solve crimes and be yours. Of course I want that."
The man inside-of course he was-immediately ran at them and started yelling, Russian gibberish mostly. To John’s great surprise Sherlock answered in kind, a smile tipping the corners of his lips, as he let the man sail pass. This was the detective in his physical element. John felt a bit superfluous honestly, as he stood back and watched Sherlock advance on the kidnapper. Petrov was stocky, well-muscled but obviously turning to fat around the middle, and it made his movements slow, uncoordinated. He was still handcuffed but he was wielding the stolen nightstick two handed, like a sword, and Sherlock’s stance changed accordingly.
They arrived at home very late, both of them took a bath and while Holmes dressed himself, Watson got his attention.
Analyzing all of those problems conjoined with the natural stress of someone who lived in that country during a war, he concluded that he couldn't really explain how the sir still could talk and stay sit down (he stopped walking when he was 102, but he still talked like a teenager).
When he hung the flag, he felt soething inside of him dying. It made him feel bad to imagine himself as being a part of this, colaborating with people that shared hate by their own people. He still did not understand what was on their minds, the people who supported those actions and thought they were normal and correct, but he didn't blame Watson for hanging the flag everyday, as he didn't get a chance to do anything else. He could go agaisnt his principles or die.
As soon as he left the house, he went to the other side of the street and knocked on the door of Mrs. Herm. Before, she had conditions to pay for her Alzheimer's treatment, but, with time, she didn't remember where she used to hide her money. She opened the door, walking on her wheelchair and smilingly she saw him. Watson leg her touch his blonde hair and kiss his face.
And Sherlock just got up. He got up even knowing that someone knocked madly on their door. He got up even knowing that the person that was trying to break into the house was John's father, as obvious. He got up, and held him. A hug that was more painful than lovely, but honest in a way that hardly anyone would be able to describe. Sherlock let his hand on John's head while the other one passed by his arm, his chin laying right on the top of his head.
-I am talking about family, Mr. Watson. - the blonde haired cleared it up, grabbing Sherlock's hand and smiling without fear. - Bceuase, yes, this is my family. I have a beautiful companion who I loved more than anything and we both have a daughter that will learn that the sickness on the world was not the fact that she was created by two dads, but the fact that love was considered a crime in a world where hate is the rule. She will be the girl to be on the streets, claiming for her rights as a woman and a student, she will be the one who understands all of this as a part of history and not as truth. Because mental health is not a choice, life style is not a choice... And love, that, by sure, will never be a choice. Sherlock, my love, take Rosie to Mrs. Hudson.
Holmes was the first one to wake up, realizing how close they were and gently departing them. Even with the shock would not make him wake up his copanion's sleep, even if they payed him some millions.
-It is what it is, John. - he said, and at that point they knew someone was watching them, but none of them actually cared. That moment was more important than the angry, blonde hair steady in front of a destroyed door, destroyed as his son's heart while he cried his sister's tragic death.
-I visit patients that don't have the money to afford treatment. - Watson got up, taking two mugs and tea. Holmes took one of the mugs. - I don't know what time I'm coming back, is it going to be okay?
-I... I need to tak with you about a certain topic. - Watson started, Holmes knew what it wasabout because the young doctor was emotional. - You know... You probably know, I know you already noticed.
In that cemetery that luckly was very close to John's house, the poor jew children used to play. They would run and jump around the tombstones of those who were the last ones to have their names somewhere after death. The children had no idea of what it all meant.
-I can, I'll find a way to walk in the streets with I being noticed. - he smiled, which was also rare in there, and extended his hand.
In the next day, when Sherlock took too long to catch Rosie and had to make an excuse to Mrs. Hudson, he found John sitting on his chair with a piece of paper.
-Listen, Watson! - Sherlock screamed one more time, catching the older one's attention. He moved his curly hair and got closer from his companion. - There is a lady here that says she knows you.
Sherlock smiled, with those crooked and tiny teeth that made John feel bigger, even if he was clearly shorter. And smaller. Everywhere.
The noises didn't stop and multiplied. Holmes wasn't very brave to go to the living room to see if it was a candy seller old lady or a monster - in other words, a nazi.
That, soon, proved itself right. The father let them pick one object of each. They could have pciked a piece of bread or chocolate.
-I believe... – father said, suffocating, pointing into his side. – You deserve into that line. Your... partner, is in there.
They walked carefully on the streets, looking at the sides and taking care so no one would doubt that Sherlock was arian. No one could see the dark, black hair that were hidden under the hat, so his eyes were assurance that he had a certain faith.
-Oh, yes, I almost forgot about those stories. - Holmes said and, once they were both on their beds, he started telling: - My brother, Mycroft, worked in a good place when I became a teenager. I was an awfull young man, to be real, no one ever liked me. I likedto pretend I was a sociopath, taht I didn't had feelings and that not caring was a good thing, but soon in my 15 years of age, I fell deeply in love.
-Wait for me, I would love to meet that creature. He must have a beard and those big mansios with the red flags all over it.
He thought for some time, recognizing the risk both of them were in standing in the street. Him and a fugitive.
"Listen, my child, I don't mind if you fell in love for a rich or poor man, a rebel girl, a human being no one likes... Because, believe me when I say this: the only approval a lover has to have, is yours."
He heard the steps in the living room coming closer every second. His dad was furious, and John knew that. The sister tried to calm him down telling him that 'at least he was not screaming', but John knew that the silence would be almost letal to whoever showed in the father's way.
They entered the house, Watson touched his own hair for some time, walking in circles. The unknown started at him in complete panick, without any idea of what he should or shouldn't do.
He found his dad sitting, smokig a cigarrette while he watched the children carryingsome other dead bodies into the place where the smoke came from.
John, after some minutes of silence, made their lips touch each othe, just so he could ahve that same feeling he had with women and confirm he felt even better.
Watson liked the thin old lady, she reminded him of his grandmother, a sweet person with a lot of stories to tell. Unfortunately, Mrs. Herm didn't knew her story anymore.
-Doctor Watson? - Holmes screamed, in one of the days he used to clean the house. The door had been opened and the curly haired didn't knew Watson was going to be at home so early on a wednesday.
Watson also extended his own hand at the same time, shaking the other's. As soon as they stopped, Watson felt the palm of his hand wet and, when he turned it around, noticed it was blood. He held Holmes's hand and saw the same.
They ran in the dark streets - wrist with wrist, breathing with breathing - until they got into the shelter's door, that had a huge access ramp until the shelter John Watson already went to a few times. Holmes was too scared about the situation and the people.
-How…dare… you? – he screamed, while he pressed his father’s head into the wall. – You forced them into it, didn’t you? You force everyone into doing what you wish, I am tired of this. Since when mother used to scream for you to stop beating her or when I begged for forgiveness. I am tired of your ignorance, I am tired of you, sir, and I wish you nothing less than death, one of those that are painful enough.
John had wanted to strike up a conversation, casual teasing perhaps, maybe offer to share a cold drink on a park bench, but the man never acknowledges the strangeness of their running into each other. Never once makes so much as eye contact. The behavior seems closed off, not inviting in the least, so John continues to keep his distance every time they meet.
Mike and Molly both turned to look at Sherlock, back at each other, and then back at John. Both shrugged.
There was a fine line between stupid and brave, as any soldier could attest, but in that moment he didn’t feel either. He felt content.
“Victor! Wait!” Sherlock cried out. John ducked further behind the pedestal when Victor stopped inches from his location. His heart pounded like mad as the man waited reluctantly for Sherlock to finish. “I’ll come with you, to your father’s estate. I won’t deduce a thing, I swear. I know you were worried, but-”
“Mmm,” the man agrees. “You still expect me to believe you’re just a civilian with moves like that?”
John feels a familiar ache begin in the pit of his stomach. "It's fine, you're allowed to ask. No, we never were."
Christ, why did he sound so accusing? “No. She said she’s on good terms with Daniel again after the police questioned him, I guess. She swears he’s not a part of the drug ring.” He shrugged. None of his business.
He cleared his throat and looked down at his mug. “Yes, please. If you were going to cook anyway, that is.”
Sherlock seemed to find this hilarious. “Not a bad suggestion but no… I was thinking you could sing something.”
John looked pointed down at the bag of peas and back up, expecting an excuse about the unpredictable nature of ice, but none came.
His thoughts trailed away again, time seeming to skip beats as he glanced from Sherlock lazing sideways in his chair, to the fire that dwindled, to the ceiling reflecting its slow flickering flames.
Sherlock went on. “You could have disregarded the suggestion, you could have run home, hell, you could have run to Cardiff if you’d liked.”
