Dean laughs as Cas’s mouth drops open in affront. “Aw man, don’t tell him that! I was selling my performance here!” Dean gestures to his plate.
But that’s not Cas’s life, so instead of waking up to a lazy weekend morning blowjob from Dean, he’s startled out of his peaceful slumber when Anna yanks the sheets off his bed.
“My favorite is this one of all four of us,” Mary says, pointing at a photo on the mantel. In it, she’s holding a baby Sam. John has Dean on his hip, one arm slung around Mary. They’re standing in front of a giant oak tree in a park downtown. Mary still goes there sometimes to talk to Dean.
Sam’s tried to call Dean’s cell at least ten times in the past six hours, and Dean just isn’t answering.
“Lower than this,” Cas assures her. “We’ve been hiking uphill for a while. This tunnel must snake all the way up through the sea cliffs.”
“You’re Cas,” Dean says out loud, too choked up to get out anything else. “I know you matter to me. And I know I don’t hate you.”
It’s weird concept for Dean to think about, because to him Lisa and Ben have always represented the apple pie life that slipped through his fingers, but to them, even if he had let them keep their memories, he was just another man trying to fit into their family when he didn’t belong.
“Fairies have to stop to count spilled salt. And spilled sugar, too, I guess. Fuck. Fuck!” Dean laughs, giddy with relief. “Sucker!”
“Dean, come on. You spaced out again, said something about it’s your fault or whatever. Jesus, man, we have to get this under control.”
“Martin Creaser?” Jody asks, looking back up at Dean for confirmation of the man’s identity. He nods. “And you know what brought him back?”
“Sam Winchester,” he says, calm and collected, as if the dead bodies lying before him and the storm raging behind him are of no consequence. “It’s been a very long time.”
Someone told. Someone he trusted sentenced him to death, because that’s what he’s waiting for down here. No food, no water. He’s so much weaker already than he was just three days ago. It’s getting colder and colder every night, and Dean knows he won’t last much longer in these conditions.
“But I saw him, Cas,” Dean says. “I saw the look on his face. I recognized it. As soon as he knew he’d lost her, he was gone.”
Dean takes a steadying breath, reaches down to pull his shirt off, then strips out of his jeans and his boxers. Cas holds his hand out, and he takes it. Dean takes the plunge.
“I can’t.” Dean’s eyes fall closed, resigned. “It was just the bartender, Jo. She was worried about you. But when I told her what happened, she told me someone had been there looking for you.”
“Fuck.” Dean jiggles the key again. He hears it trying, his Baby giving her all, but nothing’s working. Cas’s hand moves to the door handle. “Fuck, fuck! Cas, goddamn it!” He flips the lock switch. “You do not open the door, do you hear me?”
That’s actually pretty perfect. While Sam’s been obsessing over how to break it to Dean that he’s been seeing Mary, Cas has been sneaking around, too, doing God knows what. Maybe they could help each other do damage control. A twinge of shame snakes it’s way through Sam’s chest at the thought. Dean deserves better than this, than lies from the people that he loves, but Sam made his decisions and it’s too late to go back on them now. It’s too late to go back on his mom now.
He leaps back up after a brief few moments of disorientation, his grace extending to heal any minor injuries. He can see Sam scrambling to his feet out of the corner of his eye. They scan the woods and the trail, and Sam shouts “Ben!” into the night.
She scoffs. “You’re hardly paying any attention to them. You’ve been sulking over here all night with the most foreboding look on your face.”
Of course it’s Davenport. It always comes back to Davenport. He regrets ever telling her what happened there. He regrets telling her he still has nightmares about that place.
“Oh.” It seems to be the only word Cas is capable of forming. He’s shocked, yes — he can’t imagine Dean in a normal life with a normal woman, suit and tie and church and vows — but that may be because jealousy prevents it.
They’re back in the room, waiting on Sam to call. Cas is taking a really long shower, which Dean isn’t even sure is necessary. He probably wants to get away from Dean. Even though it was his intention to talk to Cas once they were alone, clearly Cas had not wanted to extend their conversation from the mill.
Cas is waiting on him to talk. He’s patient. Dean’s watched him handle rooms full of screaming children with a flustered sort of grace; seen how kindly he takes all of Garth’s little blunders; seen how he just fondly rolls his eyes when Bobby’s being especially cantankerous. And Cas has always been good to him, waiting for Dean to make the first move. So Cas lets him shop for groceries in silence, and now Cas is going to watch him bake a pie in silence.
Sam has asked him questions like this before, pointed in a soft way, like a velvet-tipped pen. He’s searching for something in Cas’s answers, and Cas isn’t sure he’s getting what he wants to hear.
Dean gets out the duffle he dumped Cas’s medical stuff in. There’s not a lot to do for his chest now — it’s mostly scabbed over and the stitches have started to dissolve — but put new bandages and antibiotic cream on the cuts. Cas could probably do this part himself, but he lets Dean gently ease the sticky edges of the bandages away from his skin before he takes over applying the cream himself. Dean sits on the edges of the bed and watches his slender fingers work.
“I’m taking him to Bolar Mountain, to Lake Moomaw.” Cas is packing what they’ll need for the trip — a cooler with water and beer and sandwiches; sunscreen; fishing rods. He doesn’t particularly enjoy fishing himself, but maybe Dean might.
“Great!” he says, bouncing in his seat like the over-excited puppy he is. “Hey Dean, maybe Cas can come with us to Bobby’s cookout next week? Like old times?”
He left his truck parked toward the back of the lot, in a dark corner behind a cluster of 18-wheelers similarly bedded down for the night. The sodium lights at the pumps are still too bright, but Cas doubts he’ll sleep well regardless. With no other cars to focus on, no road signs to read and no music playing softly in the background, he knows he’s going to think of Dean, and only Dean, for the rest of the night.
“Hey,” Eileen says, and he turns to her. “I decided to look up severe, unexplained weather first, and Sam —” She sets her phone down in front of him. “— you need to look at this.”
After a few agonizing minutes of trying to control his breathing, Dean picks himself up off the floor. He’s afraid to enter the hall, so he doesn’t go to their shared bathroom and wash up or brush his teeth. He takes of his shirt and jeans and gets into bed and pulls the covers up around his ears like that will keep the monsters away.
makes Dean’s stomach turn, though it’s nothing but a pathetic jibe. He’s out the door before he can hear Sam’s response to Seth, not willing to spend another second in that house.
out of his bag. “Theories.” He taps the book’s cover. “Will-o’-the-wisps are the ghostly lights carried by the dead in a lot of literature, including Tolkien.” Cas stares at him blankly, and Dean rolls his eyes. “I can’t believe you learned to read Greek and yet can’t be bothered to open the
Dean nods and swallows his half of the breadstick morosely. Cas picks up the other half, mostly out of pity, and Dean gives him a tight smile.
“The rest of us grew up terrified of the man. I remember my sister Anna telling us we had to be good, or else Daddy would do to us what he did to Luke. She wasn’t trying to be mean. She was being honest. He eventually disowned our youngest brother, Balthazar, as well, and for a much lesser offense. The thought that your entire life could be taken away at any moment, that you could go from everything to nothing... I know this sounds like ‘oh, poor little rich boy,’ but Dean, I was adopted at age six. I remembered the foster homes. Getting too old and becoming ‘undesirable’ to potential parents; getting ignored by my foster families at best and bullied by them at worst. I couldn’t bear the thought of going back to living like that. So I did everything he ever asked of me.”
Mills takes off at a fast clip, shoving her way through the crowd of paramedics with Cas and Claire at her heels. She sees the officer she’s looking for, huddled behind a squad car, and beelines for him, yelling “Lieutenant Walker!” Cas recognizes Gordon Walker, a lieutenant from the city’s 11th precinct. They’ve run into each other on a few cases. He’s an asshole who hates vigilantes, and his face contorts into a grimace when he spots Cas and Claire following Mills.
And Cas finds himself slowing down, moving his hips like rippling water rather than an overwhelming tide. Dean wraps his legs around Cas’s back, pulls Cas in. They kiss, and this time neither of them act like they only want it rough.
“I—” Shame curls low in Cas’s gut. He doesn’t know. He decided long ago to focus on saving this city the way he’d been trained to — with brute force. He and Anna threw themselves into Halo, and Balthazar threw himself into alcohol and drugs and women, and they did leave the charity in others’ hands. He always assumed it was taken care of, purely by virtue of the huge check the foundation receives at the ball every year. Foolish.
Lisa Braeden stands next to a white Dodge Durango Dean has never seen before, because that’s not what Lisa Braeden drives — or at least it’s not what she used to drive. Her pump runs on its own as she digs around in her purse, sunglasses pushed up on top of her head, phone hooked between her ear and her shoulder.
“But somehow I recognized Daphne. She drove four hours across the state to see me, and I knew her name. I couldn’t recall much else about her, but the fact I remembered anything at all was astonishing to everyone. She stayed with me for two weeks, and I slowly began to regain some of my memories — memories of her, of everyone else. Most were blurry, like watching through an old camcorder instead of being present, but any small improvement felt like climbing a mountain.”
“You’re being weird, Dean! You were super weird last night with Lisa, and I thought it was because seeing her made you miss what you two had and maybe you felt guilty and you didn’t know how to act around her. But then...”
is worth watching (Sam is a no, because he lives that life, thanks, but Eileen loves it, says it’s ridiculous and over-the-top in the best way), what Sam should eat for dinner (cereal, while he keeps talking to her), what their weirdest case was (when Sam says “Dean could talk to animals” he wins handily). It’s pointless and pleasant and right before they end the call she signs,
“Um, two river-related drowning deaths. First one was a girl named Hannah Swift about nine years ago. She was five, went under while swimming with her older brothers and never resurfaced. Her body washed up on shore a week later. Not too far from the mill, actually. Then a older man named Wendell Perkins, about six months ago. I mean, the sheriff’s office assumed he’d drowned. He was known to sit at the river, just fishing by himself. Had a cabin nearby. They never found a body.”
“I think Cas is gonna stay, too. Without you.” Sam looks up and says almost pleadingly, “It’s not a big deal, Dean, we just —”
“What the hell?” Claire asks, but she sounds scared rather than belligerent. Ellen never cries. She never complains about their jobs. Claire’s never seen her as anything but their rock, their steady ground. “What’s going on?”
Dean nods, swallowing hard. He thinks about the fear in Cas’s eyes, the horrible things he said when he first woke up to see Dean watching over him.
“It is your fault,” she says, pulling three mugs out of the cabinet, “but you’ve got a long trip ahead of you.”
Dean sees when Sam spots Cas sitting in the front passenger seat because he does a double take, a wide smile spreading across his face. Dean tries to control his answering grimace as Sam opens the door and slides into the back seat behind Cas.
.” Dean laughs — a sharp, bitter thing that cracks as it punches its way out of his throat, alarming Sam. “Done. Everything he ever did, everything he ever meant, gone. And I can’t get him back this time.”
Then he spots James, the white smudge of his t-shirt disappearing into the black of the woods behind the bunkhouse. Headed east, toward where the wards were tripped.
He looks up and sees that Mary is crying, too, tears pooling in her eyes and blurring her mascara. He reaches out with his free hand to take her other hand, and she squeezes once they’re clasped together. It doesn’t feel good, not exactly, but it feels like progress.
It sounds like the beginning of a goodbye. Dean’s shoulders tense under Cas’s hand. He tries not to sound wrecked as he says, “I can go.”
“I thought you would’ve understood,” he says, voice dropping. “We both know what you did when Jo died.”
“Cas,” he says, because Sam and Dean usually let him use his real name even as a cover, and he immediately wonders if it’s a name she’s heard before. He wonders if Dean ever mentioned him back then, during his time with the Braedens in Cicero. Probably not, he decides.
“Of course.” Cas grimaces as he surveys the fence. Ten feet tall with 10,000 volts and barbed wire curling at the top. This will hurt. “Claire, you first.”
“No, don’t feel guilty about how things turned out then. It’s over now, Dean, and it’s forgiven. And I’m human again, or soon to be, and all I want is to stay with you. For the rest of my human life. I won’t regret that longing, either, nor will I let you feel guilty for it. I might be almost human, but I’ve spent thousands of years as an angel, and angels are programmed for extreme devotion to a singular cause. I spent all that time serving a God who didn’t care about me, what makes you think I would regret spending the next forty or fifty years devoted to the man who loves me?”
“What if you can’t?” she asks, and it doesn’t sound combative. Just sad. “I couldn’t protect you, Dean, and it kills me. I don’t want that for you. What my father has done is not your fault. It’s not your responsibility, either. Not the way you were mine.”
Dean hasn’t managed to get his bag zipped before Cas moves over to him and grabs his face in both hands, kissing him hard. Dean doesn’t fight it, just smoothes his hands up over Cas’s back, licking into his mouth to deepen the kiss.
It’s like holding his breath underwater, waiting for a response. When Dean reaches down to the floor Cas almost expects him to write “I’m leaving.” Instead, Dean writes, “Either is fine,” erases it, and writes, “I’m sorry.”
“They didn’t deserve you,” he says, and he knows from the crestfallen look on Cas’s face that this is about more than Cas leaving the fucking family profession, but he doesn’t ask. Dean takes another small step forward and lets Cas lean on him, his forehead coming to rest in the center of Dean’s chest, next to his heart where he belongs. He wraps his arms around Cas, heedless of the sticky apple-cinnamon goo on his hands. “You’re easy to love, too.” His throat tightens when Cas’s breath shudders, but Dean pushes on. “If your family couldn’t see that, then they’re fucking morons.” He pauses and adds, “And I hate them.”
That phrase has popped up multiple times in the now vast (and mostly useless) encyclopedic knowledge of pop culture Cas possesses due to Metatron’s meddling. He’s never grasped its practical applications, though.
She shrugs. “His family, I guess? He used to come in with another guy, tall, kinda serious, brown hair, and a woman, very pretty but sort of severe looking. She had dark hair. He mentioned once they were kin, but I don't know what the relation was. They looked to be around the same age. There were a few others who came in with them sometimes, but they always sat in the back corner booth, talking real quiet.”
Sam and Cas wait in the car by silent, mutual agreement while Dean and Eileen walk Ellen to her front door. Sam watches as Gerald Weatherby answers Dean’s brusque knock, takes in the shocked look on the man’s face when his wife falls into his arms. He must ask Dean and Eileen to come in, because they all four disappear into the house without so much as a backward glance toward the car.
Dean swallows roughly, feeling tears start to prick in his eyes. He knew it, all this time. He knew he did something wrong. He knew he failed someone. He knew he lost someone, even if he never wanted to examine that feeling too closely, never wanted to give it a name.
here. I have to think about what effect my actions will cause — I could never do something to provoke the Demons to come back. I could never accept the collateral damage. You got lucky on that bus. What would you have done if they’d started killing civilians?”
This would be the perfect time to dig in, to ask Cas what the “personal reasons” where. To ask him what they had to do with Dean.
“Research is kind of my thing, Dean,” he says, taking out a pen and pulling the cap off with his teeth.
“No, you —” Cas huffs in frustration. “Dean, maybe we can trick him into thinking I’ll go with him. Maybe I can stop this.”
“I wasn’t sure if we were doing this in front of your family yet, and I just couldn’t wait.” Cas kisses his cheek, then his ear, then his throat. Dean’s head drops back against the door, giving Cas more access to his neck.
He’s never told her. He’s never told Jack. Anna and Balthazar don’t even know all of it. Every bit of his time with the Demons is locked in a cage in his mind, like the cage they locked the two of them in. And Dean’s been wrenching the cage open, bit by bit. Cas knows why he wants to tell Dean everything, despite his occupation and his disdain and his harsh words; he knows why he means so much to Cas already. He reminds Cas of someone he lost. Someone he refused to think about for the past fifteen years, someone he buried in his heart and in his mind because if he didn’t he would go insane. Someone the Demons murdered in front of him, and it’s
“If it will make you feel better, you can pay me back someday if you’d like. But I don’t mind helping.” Dean just stares at Cas, incredulous. Cas keeps his gaze even and his voice mild as he says, “Call it a favor from a friend.”
“Fuck,” Cas mutters, because this is not the Headquarters infirmary. He tries to sit up. Anna is there to push him back down.
Still, he asks, “Like doctors’ appointments?” and he can’t help the way his voice cracks on the tail end of the question. Cas is almost graceless now. He could get sick. Dean could lose him.
“You shouldn’t be outside with a migraine,” James says. “It makes them worse.” He points in the general direction of the sun, which is indeed blinding right now.
But if he says that, then he’ll have to explain why he doesn’t want to go, why he doesn’t want to think of Dean in this place, soul tattered and blackened. He doesn't want to think of what the Mark lead to. Sam doesn’t know anything about what happened the last time Cas saw Dean, and he intends to keep it that way.
“I realized I couldn’t live my life for a man I despise,” Cas says. “Or give up everything I want for a city that will be okay without me when I don’t think I’ll be okay without you.”
Anna’s face softens. “Jack and Claire are fine. Jack had superficial injuries that he healed himself, and he fixed Claire’s wound easily enough. He had a harder time with you and Dean. Cas, what did you do?”
“Why are you over here in the corner by yourself?” Bobby leans against the wall next to Cas, startling him from his thoughtful daze. He has a cup of spiked eggnog in his hand.
“You were happy, though?” Cas asks quietly, and Dean looks over at him. He always seems so sad, Cas, like he carries a permanent weight on his shoulders, one he won’t abandon, doesn’t even know how to. He was sad even in Dean’s memories.
They sit in silence for several minutes, Mary’s fingers twitching, itching for a cigarette, until her phone beeps for the start of her shift.
“Castiel.” Zachariah’s voice dripped with malice. “God has commanded this. Who are you to question His plans for the Righteous Man?”
“What apocalypse?” Dean snaps, and Mama says, “Dean!” He ignores her, his anger building like a spark from a match burning into a wildfire. “You say that shit all the time, but whenever someone asks you when the end of the world is coming, you can’t say! You don’t even know! You’re keeping us all trapped out here for nothing!”
He received a similar answer when he asked Zachariah why they needed Dean to torture Alastair. He’d pleaded, “There must be another way!” to deaf ears.
Leahy knocks twice, brisk and efficient, then swings the door open. Cas’s stomach swoops low as the man in the bed turns to the door and locks eyes with him.
“We fought some angels in Bismarck,” she says eventually. “The Men of Letters said they’d been feeding on human souls, and they were right. There were two of them, and four victims we couldn’t save.”
“You can use some of my medicine for your headache,” Cas continues. Dean had forgotten about that, lost track of his own pain while trying to ease Cas’s, but now he thinks maybe some meds and some sleep might be a good idea.
“It looks tribal,” Cas says, closing his fingers around the figure. The horns dig into his palm. “But I’m not sure which culture it’s from.”
He’s getting teary eyed now, the road before him blurring. Dean pulls over, wincing as the Impala bounces on a rut before coming to stop alongside a field of sunflowers. He wipes at his eyes, turns the radio off.
Cas hadn’t been sure if he could get fully aroused considering the tension filling the room like smoke, but the moment Dean’s hand is on him it’s all he can think about. “Yes,” he breathes out, and Dean laughs, turning his head to capture Cas’s mouth with his while he continues to stroke up and down with a loose fist.
The next spot — where Melanie Cross’s car took a swan dive off a steep embankment and landed on its side on the riverbank, sandwiched between two trees next to the water — is more of the same. The local cops cleared the wreckage out five months ago, a few days after Melanie’s crash. It makes Dean shiver, thinking of the poor girl, trapped in her car, still alive, while a monster stalked her in the dark. She’d have been totally defenseless. And they didn’t even find her body until three days after her death. What a fucking horror show.
Cas leans against the wall next to his bedroom door. Gracie sticks her head out, gazing up at him wide-eyed. She weaves her way in and out of his spread feet, rubbing against his ankles and purring. It almost makes him want to cry.
Understanding dawns in Sam’s eyes and he changes course, ducking low to the ground so Eileen can fire over his head, hitting the still fumbling demon with another round of salt.
Now Dean wants to throw up, but he can’t, he has to get out of here, has to take Castiel with him, has to find Sam...
“You’re not Cas,” Dean says to be petulant. He feels it’s his right. After all, the last time he spoke to Cas’s older brother, Gabriel hung up on him.
Andrew blinks, as if processing this information, then turns back to Castiel and says, “Tell me everything you know about what was done to him.”
“I’m freelancing now,” Dean says, adding, “They’ve had some vandalism.” He waves his hand at the construction equipment lining the side of the highway, unwilling to elaborate further.
The Dean-and-Cas-have-sex scenario is by far the most tempting, and it’s hard (in more ways than one) to stop thinking about  it.
Seth clucks his tongue. The reception’s improved some, and Dean can see that he looks even paler and sicker than he did when they were still at The Bend. He bites back a smartass comment about needing to take your daily vitamins.
“Your boy,” Bobby says, sounding suspiciously proud. Cas rolls his eyes, pounding his fist against his chest in a vain effort to clear his throat. “I didn't come over here to kill ya, Cas. I wanted— I wanted to tell you I’m thinking of retiring.”
Cas thinks. “Shouldn’t you be working on a story? You’ve just snagged the biggest scoop of all time. I thought you’d have run with it by now.”
“Dean, stay awake please,” she says, and her voice is shaking. Sam turns back to the road, gripping the wheel tightly. “Do you know where you are?”
Cas fiddles with the edges of his familiar trench coat, eyes cast down. Dean waits in silence for him to find the words he’s searching for.
“That man” is what they call the abductor. Security cameras at the Piggly Wiggly caught him in only one shot, entering the front of the store. His head is down, obscured by a jacket hood and dark sunglasses. The footage is blurry, and it’s impossible to see his face or even guess his age. Police estimated his height to be 6’0” or 6’1”, weight between 190 and 210, but those figures are based on eyewitness reports, which are known to be unreliable.
For a moment, Dean’s face freezes and Cas thinks he’s gone too far. Then Dean laughs. “God, no one uses air quotes anymore. And no one spills all their trauma on the first date — at least not usually.”
But Dean doesn’t stop. He closes his eyes like he can’t bear to look at Cas anymore and kisses him thoroughly as he gets a hand in Cas’s pants. Cas can’t help but thrust into the touch, misgivings forgotten. Dean keeps a firm hand rubbing against him, and it almost makes him ache to push Dean off, reversing their positions so he can get their pants off.
Lisa Braeden is perched on top of a picnic table in a little grassy area next to the motel, on the side closest to their room. Her legs are crossed and she’s leaning back on her hands. She’s staring at him.
She’s waiting for him atop the police headquarters, hands in her pockets as she looks out over the city. He glides in on his wings, landing lightly behind her. Mills doesn’t turn around as she says, “I believe we have a problem.”
“Come on,” Dean says, tugging Cas toward the woods. He doesn’t want the women to spot them. They’ve got no reason to be out here tonight.
“Please, Cas,” Dean pleads. “I need you.” There’s more to say, but that’s all he can manage. It might be a low blow, considering Cas basically just said he can’t refuse Dean anything. He doesn’t care. He thinks of Cas holding his hand in the hospital, taking him to the movies, letting Dean rest his head in his lap. Dean doesn’t know a lot about relationships, but he knows they’re together in every way but in name.
“Oh,” Cas says. He thinks of Mary, asking him to meet her at the Brits' headquarters under false pretenses but then pulling him to safety before Ketch could land the killing blow. She put him in danger and then saved his life. He doesn’t know how to feel about any of it.
The drive is a hell, but entering the bunker is a torture of its own. Dean loved this place. He decorated his room, he flopped down in the library chairs like he belonged there, he cooked homemade meals in the kitchen.
Suddenly he wishes Bobby weren’t here. He likes the old man a lot, sure, but now — Now Dean wants to test that theory, and he sure as hell isn’t going to try to kiss Cas with his somewhat-father-figure sitting right there.
Gabe hangs up. Just like last time. And just like last time, Dean’s left staring at his black phone screen and wondering what the hell happened.
Dean looks at Cas, small in his oversized coat, sad in the remnants of his former life, and he feels for him. “Yeah. Yeah, I hated it, too.”
Charlie steps in the newly mended circle, and the grass begins to grow. A birdsong fills the air, and the flowers bloom brilliantly, the bluebonnets twining with those Gilda planted there so long ago. Dean and Cas watch in wonder as the ring completes itself, the hole healing as the flowers from two worlds come together.
Cas comes to outside of a bar. He rubs his head uselessly, staring at the dark windows in front of him. He’s never seen this place before. Dean goes to a lot of bars. This could be anywhere, any time.
“She was a special needs teacher before I was born,” Dean says, looking at his hands. “She wasn’t fluent, but she’d picked up enough to communicate with a deaf girl in one of her classes. She taught what she remembered to me. Real basic stuff, like the signs for hunger and sadness and love. It helped. She made me feel safe. I started talking to her before anyone else.”
“You know, the kid still thinks I hate him half the time,” Dean says, strangled. “I don’t, not anymore, but I can tell when he’s waiting for me to lose it and yell at him again. He gets this look, his eyes get all big and wide, his shoulders....” Dean hunches his shoulders, demonstrating. “He looks like Cas. Every fucking time.”
“Dean,” Cas says when Dean roots around in his bag, looking for his cell phone to order them food. “No one will want to deliver in this storm. I’m fine. You should sleep.”
“Bobby, he’s—” Whatever protest Cas plans to make is cut off by the sound of frantic scribbling. Dean’s placed the radio on Garth’s desk, and he’s writing what looks like an entire paragraph on his notepad. Bobby and Cas wait for him to finish. Dean holds it up, the top of the pad partially covering his face and hiding his expression.
“Daddy’s dead.” The flames almost seem to avoid Alastair as he walks slowly down the hall, like he’s the one in control of them. Cas’s eyes widen. “You’re too late.”
but Dean just grips his shoulder tighter, and there’s that hand on his face again, another moving from his shoulder, curling around the back of his neck and into his hair. Dean is saying “Cas, Cas, look at me, focus on me. It’s okay, you’re okay. Just look at me.”
Then he leans over and kisses the tip of Dean’s nose, something that always seems to oddly delight Dean.
“You betrayed us, Castiel.” The words sound like they’re coming from a script, something Hannah was instructed to say. “You took our most dangerous prisoner without permission, all for the sake of saving a human.” She looks away. “And you failed to do even that.”
If they weren’t in a room full of people, Cas would be tempted to take Anna’s momentum and use it to throw her over his shoulder, but since they’re supposed to be dignified, he allows her to pull him away from his chase and toward the bar in the back of the room.
Dean winces at the thought of Cas marking up his body even more, drawing lines through the Enochian lettering already carved into his skin.
Dean takes a step back, fear in his eyes as they dart from Cas to the safety of his room behind him.
“I don’t... I don’t know. No one believes me when I say that, they say I killed her, but I didn’t! I just... I was turned away from her, when we started to hear these sounds in the woods along the trail. Branches cracking, brush rustling. Footsteps in the trees. Almost like someone was following us, you know? Lace was freaking out, whispering to me about it, so I told her to come up with me. I stopped to wait on her man, I swear. But it was fucking dark out there, and I’d been going around a corner. I looked back for her, and she wasn’t there. I could hear the sounds still, and they were louder, thrashing. I was fucking freaked out! It was like I was frozen. I could barely see in front of me, even with my flashlight, let alone see her. I should have.... I should’ve gone back for her, I fucking know that, I think about it every goddamn day. But then I ran. I ran off the trail to the river, I fell in...”
“Not anymore,” Dean says, and Sam and Eileen look at him questioningly. “He told me he can’t feel it, so it’s either gone or hibernating or something.” Dean shifts uncomfortably, remembering Cas’s melancholy. “It used itself up trying to save his life.”
Even Sam shuts up when Dean puts the phone to his ear, face still indignant but blessedly silent. In the quiet, the ringing is louder than a bomb.
“Cas—” For a moment, there's an eighteen-year-old Dean in front of him, wide-eyed and lovely, and Cas thinks
I raised Sam with next to nothing. Hell, Ruby’s family might be well off, but they treat her like shit. I agreed they needed to face the music, but I told him he couldn’t talk about my brother that way, and... And no one else said anything. Not Jody or Benny or Jo. So it came to blows, right there in the office. Benny pulled us apart, and Jody suspended us both. I was so pissed I quit on the spot. Hotheaded reaction, sure, but...” He pauses. Cas reaches toward him, like he wants to rest his hand on Dean’s shoulder, but Dean stiffens and Cas puts his hand back down on the seat between them. “It was a rough time in general for me.”
The man’s mouth opens and closes, and he scoots back a bit on the bed, just enough for Dean to realize that he’s probably afraid of the stranger who just burst into his room. They are, after all, in a compound full of killers.
“Well,” he says, looking out over the dark yard, and he swears he sees a bolt of lightning, massive, fierce and bright, sparking across the sky in the distant west. “We do what we always do. We improvise.”
“There,” she whispers, because they’ve been whispering all day. It feels strange to talk in a normal tone at a funeral. “Don’t pull on it.”
Gracie meows at him from the floor as he passes her on another lap around the room. “Don’t you tell me to calm down,” Cas says. To a cat. Gracie meows again, angrier this time. He’s blocking her sun. Cas steps to the side and runs his hands through his hair, pulling at the roots. With a groan of defeat, he heads for the kitchen to make sure Bobby isn’t emptying his cabinets.
“Yeah.” She’s determined now, squaring her shoulders and facing them head on. "Any of the fey who willingly hurt a human with a treaty in place would face death. But it's never worked before, because fairies don't trust humans and vice versa. Gilda didn't hold out any hope of ever finding two people willing to make the match."
anything. If I can save a man from certain death with a triple bypass heart transplant—” (“Oh, now they’re just throwing out medical jargon and seeing what sticks!” “SHHHH! It’s her moment!”) “—then I can win back Dr. Sexy’s heart. All it will take is a little time, and a whole lot of love. Just like surgery.”
“We need to focus on finding Samuel,” he protests, and Leahy says, “Don’t you want to meet your parents?” in a shocked tone. Cas, though — Cas just watches him with those sad eyes, and Dean has to resist the urge to grab his hand and ask the man to sleep next to him like a security blanket. He already asks too much of Cas as it is.
“I think he loved you,” Cas says, voice soft, “but it doesn’t excuse his actions. You deserved far better.”
Tran purses her lips together, doubtful, but she doesn’t push back. She brings her clipboard up from her hip and begins scanning her notes as Cas moves to stand next to Jody, part of the inner circle.
Sam sighs, but he stands with Cas, pulling him into a hug. “Don’t worry,” he says, voice muffled as he talks into Cas’s shoulder. “I got the bill.”
When he did finally tell them, that was the end. Funny how when Dean held his hand and introduced (and reintroduced) Cas to his family, that was only the beginning.
Sam runs to the Braedens, helping to pull them up. Ben is hugging Lisa close to him, like he can protect her through contact alone, and she’s clinging back just as tightly. Dean pushes off the ground and turns toward Cas, eyes wide and frantic.
Dean’s fists clench at his sides as Steve says, “What is that supposed to mean?” There’s an edge to his voice Dean doesn’t recognize. He can’t speak himself, his chest heaving. He wants to screw the job, screw the mission and wrap his hands around Alastair’s throat, squeeze until that twisted smile shatters.
“Why do you think he’s not responding to us?” Dean had asked Sam. “Do you think he’s okay? What if he ran into the vamp?”
. “Let Sam do the talking. But you’re not cutting me out of the room if he lets us in to see Claire’s dad. I want... I need to be in on that.”
The question dangles awkwardly in the air between them, and Dean isn’t sure if he meant it to be rhetorical or not, but now it seems all-important that Cas respond, say something, say he understands Dean even when Dean’s stumbling through this explanation like an emotionally-repressed idiot.
To Cas’s shock, Bobby’s face tightens, his lower lip trembling before he bites down on it and continues, “There was a girl — Karen.” His voice takes on a quiet reverence when he says the name. “One of the daughters. She made it, along with one of her brothers. The rest of them got sick— bad case of pneumonia —and dropped. They were trapped for over a month in a cabin with their dead family before the snow melted. Afterward Karen moved into town — assimilated, I suppose you’d say. She became my wife seven years later.”
“Cas!” Dean hits the steering wheel with one hand. “Those are to protect you from the monster light song, not to help you avoid your coworkers!”
“I know.” It should be freeing to admit this, but all Cas feels is the thrumming of his heart, so loud as it beats faster, and the tingle of Grace in his fingertips. “But he’s my father and he can’t defend himself. There’s no honor in you killing him, Dean. He’s not half the man he used to be.”
A burst of static, followed by Bobby’s welcome grumble, “Yeah, I heard you the first time. We’ve got a deputy en route; do you want me to call up Garth 10-78? This ain’t a fatality?”
Cas drops his voice in a way that’s probably supposed to be suggestive on that last sentence, but it comes out sounding like he’s got a bad cough. Dean can’t help but laugh a little.
Cas steers for the Shurleys’ dock, a palatial floating greenhouse underneath the cliff where the manor sits. Claire sits next to him, silent. The water is calm and clear in contrast to the whirlpool of his emotions — residual anger at Anna, fear and love warring for Claire and Jack, anxiety and excitement both for Dean Smith. Grief for Dean Winchester. He hasn’t let himself feel the latter in a long, long time.
“You both should come, too. Take a break.” Lisa’s looking at Dean now, kindly, softly. Dean realizes she must think part of why he’s acting so weird is because his job is stressful. Not because the epiphany that he’s in love with Cas just hit him like a two-ton anvil. Definitely not because he used to live with her and her son and erased all their memories of it.
“I don’t want us to be trapped here,” she says. “Most of our weapons are at the bunker, and we’ve got an angel radiating grace in the front bedroom.”
Mama slowly removes her hand from his hair and puts it in her lap. She’s looking down when she says, “I’ll find a way to make it up to you.”
“You’re welcome. Now, I’m tired of infringing on Ellen’s hospitality, so I’m flying out today. You’re going to have to talk to Anna yourself from now.” Balthazar raises an eyebrow at Cas’s grimace. “Be upset with her all you want, but you can’t keep this up forever. Ellen’s getting tired of it, too.”
In the next fifteen minutes Cas learns more than he ever needed to know about the library and about this particular librarian. Her name is Charlie, she’s new in town, she loves to read manga and she’s the world record holder of the highest score in a video game called “Leviathan.” She talks so much Cas wonders how she possibly became a librarian. Charlie leads him through the nave, converted into a four-story stack of book shelves, and into the rare books room, a former side chapel, then she walks him into the old rectory, which now serves as a silent reading room. She tells him the full history of the stained glass windows, and whispers that the crypt is still under renovation, but if he comes back in a few months she’ll let him be the first to see it.
In the kitchen, a ‘70s-throwback like everything else in the Winchester home, Claire leans against the blue-laminated countertop, sipping on her beer. Cas takes up a spot next to her, eyeing the brown-striped wallpaper distastefully. He’s never managed to completely grasp human nostalgia for the trappings of bygone eras.
He leans back in his seat, trying to pay attention to the radio personalities as they talk about Kesha’s latest legal drama. He’s not entirely sure who Kesha is. Dean closes his eyes for a brief respite, reaching up to turn the radio down to a low hum and rolling the windows down at the same time in favor of the ambient sound of the woods. A lone truck passes through, rattling too close to the concrete barricades on the centerline that block the usable road from the side under construction, startling him. After the truck passes, Dean closes his eyes again, thinking
Dean continues to bicker with Bobby, but for the rest of the meal half his mind is on Cas. At least it’s an improvement over obsessing about everything else going wrong in his life.
“Yes.” Cas rubs at his forearm, agitated. “Well, it will be. Dean, I’m sorry, but I’m going to have to put off our next trip out to Highway 9 for a few days. I — There’s somewhere I have to be.”
when there was no one around to try and put out his light.” People like his father or Chuck. Or Cas.
When Dean reaches the door he practically knocks it down, so forceful is his entry. As soon as his eyes adjust to the darkness of the room he can see that it stands empty. Dean pulls on the light cord hanging from ceiling fan, illuminating the room in an instant. Even the chair’s gone. He looks down at the floor with trepidation.
“It’s true.” She applies her lipstick in the Ferrari’s rearview mirror. “Don’t look so constipated. A, you know I won’t let any of them get closer to me than I want them to be, and B…” She grins. There’s a tiny spot of lipstick on one of her teeth. “I don’t want them close to me. I like women.”
“I can do it, if you’d prefer,” Sam says. “You don’t have to see Dean. You don’t even have to see me after Eileen gets some rest.”
“I am,” Dean assures him. “But I’m not the only one putting myself into dangerous situations here. You’re the one practically walking around screaming, ‘Come and fight me, you sons of bitches!’”
He loves Cas, Cas clearly has feelings for him, and this doesn’t need to be rushed, even if at the beginning getting Cas naked and writhing immediately felt like life or death. Dean walks back over to the bed, slower this time, smiling when he sees Cas grinning at him, looking lighter than he has any time Dean can remember.
“I know it’s no excuse,” she says when he doesn’t respond, “but I wanted to keep you safe; I had to keep both of you safe. It’s all my fault, all of this. What happened with Castiel, yes, but also what happened to you, Sam. I didn’t know it, but I —” She puts her head in her hands and her shoulders start to shake, and Sam can’t help it, he places a hand on her back, rubbing in soothing circles. “I practically sold you to Azazel to save your father. I had to make it up to you, and instead I did everything wrong.”
Dean’s in the middle of draining the thermos of coffee Sam packed for him, drumming his fingers on the wheel in a shaky attempt to match up with the tune of Led Zeppelin’s “Fool In the Rain” and missing his bed, when a gaudy old Lincoln Continental pulls up to the red light at his end of the bridge. Dean’s fingers still, and he grips the wheel tight with one hand, the thermos clutched in the other.
“I won’t stop them,” he says. “Or you. As Halo, I’ll thank Hellfire publicly for assisting in taking down the crime syndicates of Purgatory. You’re right — our methods are different, but our goals were the same. I’m not condoning what happened with Dagon on the beach, but... I know you’re still a hero. The Corruption doesn’t change that, Dean.”
He realizes his mistake the moment the word leaves his mouth. Cas hopes Dean didn’t hear him, but Dean turns back in mid-step. He blinks at Cas, and something like recognition crosses his face just as a paramedic swoops in and wraps him in a blanket.
“He dresses like a ghost with a BDSM fetish,” Cas says, borrowing a direct quote from Balthazar. “He’s probably some loser with daddy issues and a god-complex topped with a compulsive need to fix everything.”
offices is an open layout crammed with rows of desks and computers. Cas’s eyes rove over the crowded room, looking for Dean. All he sees are openmouthed
“Alright,” Anna’s voice says in their ears. “I’m in. The service entrance will be unlocked once you reach it. Unfortunately the fence is an enclosed system, and there’s no way for me to shut off the voltage. Cas, are you ready to take one for the team?”
, but you don’t need to worry about him should you propose to Gwen.’ I— I didn’t know how to respond to that, Dean. I was fucking panicking! What else could he have meant?”
He despises the smell of the smoke rising from the bowl in front of him. He despises the demon that materializes next to him even more.
“Touché.” Crowley idles over to the table where Cas laid out the summoning ingredients. He picks up a pestle and twirls it lazily. “You could have just called, darling. Don’t pretend you’ve lost my number.”
“We’ll give you some time,” she assures the Winchesters over her shoulder as she disappears into Bobby’s kitchen with the rangers. As soon as they’re gone, silence settles over the table again. Dean’s been looking forward to his pie all night, but now he doesn’t feel hungry at all.
Dean leans up a little, intending to look Cas in the eyes properly and respond. He wants to ask Cas so many things, like “Since when?” and “How did you know you loved me?” or “Why did we both wait so fucking long?” But then something in the corner of the room catches his attention, and he flops right back down.
“Jesus,” Dean mutters, and he takes a swig of wine. “Cas, why do you bring them into the field with you?”
Dean taps the wheel, trying to think of another monster that might drain its victims of blood, when he catches sight of Lisa’s headlights in the rearview mirror again and his mind blanks.
“I was a mess,” John says. “I drank a little too much before then, too — I know now that had a lot to do with PTSD from my stint in Vietnam, but back then I didn’t talk about my problems with Mary or anyone else. When Dean disappeared, I fell into the bottle hard. Add that to the blame we both placed on each other for not watching him closely that day, and there was no way we were going to stay together.”
“Thanks,” he says automatically, pressing his nail under the seal to crack it open. Mama grabs his hand.
Castiel doesn’t respond in words, only groans again as Dean places one hand under his bent knees and one behind his back, lifting as gently as possible. He’s thin, likely due to malnutrition, so the weight isn’t too much for Dean to bear, but he still wobbles as he steps back into the light of the room with his burden, taken aback by how much worse Castiel looks in person.
That’s all over now. It’s all over, and in place of Dean’s bravado and caretaking and wisecracking Sam has... nothing. He’d always judged Dean so harshly for winding his life with Sam’s so tightly that he couldn’t exist without him. Now Sam realizes he’s done the exact same thing. Dean is his touchstone, and Dean is gone.
“You’re nicer than I’d thought you’d be,” he whispers, and Dean grins so wide Cas can see his every laugh line deepening.
They’re quiet for a moment. The sky is already brightening overhead, the sun turning it a brilliant blue.
Gracie saves him from having to decide. She’s been lurking in the hallway, waiting on the strangers to leave. The moment they’re gone she bolts into the living room and runs straight for Dean, not Cas. He’s too shocked by the sudden appearance of a six-pound cat in his lap that he forgets for a moment he’s allergic. When she bumps his chin with the hard part of her skull, his hands come up to pet her of their own accord.
“I should be of more help,” he admits when Mary steps out of the room to get water for everyone, “but it’s a hole I’ll fall into if I’m not careful. I used to spend all my time chasing these leads after we lost him, believing the police weren’t doing their job well enough. And every time those leads led to nothing, I drank more. Right now I’m trying to focus on not losing what I still have. It doesn’t mean I’m giving up. It’s just trying to survive.”
“Yeah, I... wait, FBI? The guys seriously called the FBI on me for this? I haven’t even been gone that long!”
There are six men tied in the back of the truck. Two-on-one, and this gang took them out easily. Cas looks over the scene, tries to picture the fight — Roman’s men, disorientated from the smoke and gas and the crash between their trucks, shooting wildly in the dark. Back in the day, he, Anna and Balthazar took on fights with greater odds, but they were well-trained, well-equipped, and bursting with Grace. He thinks of the Red Mask’s mocking message and wonders if the number three is supposed to be significant — three people in Red Mask’s gang, three members of what was once known as the Trinity. Halo’s Angels, the team-up to beat all team-ups. Cas scowls. Maybe he’s being mocked.
“I don’t want to walk out of here with a boner,” Dean protests. He kisses Cas again. “God, when I get you alone tonight…”
trilogy. Okay, so Sam, the Rudy hobbit, spots a floating light in a marsh and Gollum, this creepy goblinish thing, tells him not to follow it or he’ll join it in death.”
is the word Cas almost says, but he catches himself just in time. “My best friend. Former best friend. We had a...disagreement.”
Dean sees Sam and Eileen exchange a significant look, but he doesn’t stop to figure out what it might mean. As soon as the Volvo stops rolling he’s out the door, ignoring Sam’s protest of “Dean! Wait!” He charges up the steps and into the front room of the farmhouse, gun drawn.
She’s moving forward now, and Sam feels a flicker of relief over the pain. She’s so close to the trap set at the edge of the living room. If they just have to take out the last one Sam feels a lot better about their odds.
“Fuck,” Dean says, tears in his eyes, and Cas feels a vicious stab of self-loathing. “He’ll find me.”
He can’t imagine leaving, can’t try to sleep when his cousin is recovering from labor and his mother is on her way to jail and his friends are still being interviewed by the police and his father’s corpse is rotting somewhere in the woods. Dean lets Cas lead him to an empty room down the hall, which apparently Tran has designated as theirs for the night. There’s only one bed, and when Cas crawls into it and taps his chest, Dean follows suit. He lays his head right over Cas’s heart. It’s an uncomfortable bed, but the position calms him somewhat. At least he can hear Cas’s heartbeat.
He reaches up to flip on the overhead light, illuminating the first piece — a newspaper clipping from 1972, right after the highway was built. “MYSTERIOUS INCIDENTS PLAGUE ROADWAY CONSTRUCTION; HIGHWAY 9 OPENS DESPITE OBSTACLES.”
“It’s not him I’m protecting,” Dean whispers, clinging to Cas with his hands now fisted in his shirt. Cas lets Dean hang there, pressed against him, forcing himself to be a safe haven instead of the monsoon he very much wants to be.
“Oh,” Cas says, looking at the screen. Dean can’t see who’s calling from where he’s sitting. “I have to take this. Give me a minute.”
At the far edge of the lot, past the pumps, Cas catches a glimpse of light brown hair and a flash of red plaid.
Dean loses the Question Game because he can’t think of a single thing to say in response, and he’s still wiping tears away from his cheeks when he spots familiar headlights waiting at the far end of the road, stuck at the red light.
, a small little upturn of one side of his mouth. Then Cas kicks out, connecting with the demon’s (Andrew’s) balls, and it drops him suddenly. Fast, almost too fast for Dean to see, Cas reaches forward, grabs the hand the demon’s using to grip the demon-killing knife, and jabs the knife straight into its throat.
“Dean? The kids?” This is not good, none of this is good, but maybe it’s salvageable. If Dean and his kids are okay, anything is salvageable.
Dean comes to the park station with Cas every day now, and Cas knows that Bobby is paying him, under the table and out of his own pocket, for the work he does around the office.
He doesn’t know where he is. He sees the sigils on the walls, but they swim before his eyes. He waves a hand in front of his face, shocked to see his fingers intact and whole, flesh not yet withered off the bone. He tries to sit up.
Okay, well maybe that’s bullshit. He felt more stressed when Sam said yes to Lucifer, when Cas said yes to Lucifer (and how the hell has he lost two people he loves to that dick?), when Bobby died, when Amara was breathing down his neck, three weeks ago when Mom said she might get her own place and he realized that even though Mary Winchester is back it doesn’t mean they’ll always be one happy family.
“Oh shit,” Claire says, eyes wide, and then a blast rocks the room. It shakes the duct, and Cas instinctively tries to flare his wings to cover the kids, but they’re trapped against the metal walls. When he opens his eyes, one is shoved over Jack, but Claire is uncovered — and thus unencumbered. She looks at Cas, and he sees what she’s planning to do before she does it. He reaches out to grab her but her hand is already on the vent, yanking it back and letting it fall with a clatter to the concrete below.
He can only imagine Cas answering and slamming the door in Dean’s face as soon as he sees him. He might even deserve that.
“No, baby.” She’s fully crying now, tears running down her cheeks. “I love you. I would keep you here forever, but that would make me just as bad as your father.”
she’d said to him once, her nails digging into his cheek. It was the last thing she said to him before she left them with Alastair.
Dean looks at Cas, knowing that when the two of them are particularly in sync, they don’t need words to communicate. He needs this to be one of those times.
Even if it kills him to push Cas toward Lisa, there’s obviously a connection there. Every time he walks up on the two of them they’re having some important-sounding conversation.
“The first victims were the Waters family in Lincoln — Emily, 47, Jake, 17, and Lindy, 14. They were believed to have been burned alive by their husband and father, Robert Waters, 49. But Robert Waters was found two days after his family, body burned in a field north of Seward. Henry Gable, 34, of Seward; Amanda Vincent, 28, of Grand Island; and Raven Clark, 41, of Kearney were also found burned to death the day after Robert Waters’ body was discovered.” Sam rubs a hand across his mouth and mutters, “
“She’s mad Dad’s not coming back, but Uncle Dean is,” she says, so matter-of-fact she might as well be describing what she ate for breakfast. Cas starts, taking his eyes off the road to look at Sandy. She’s still absent-mindedly rubbing her fingers over the Impala’s window, leaving smudges behind.
Eileen and Dean nod, following Sam as he walks up the steps to the front porch. He knocks on the door, painted a deep shade of red that disturbingly reminds Dean of dried blood. He makes out vague shapes moving around behind the thick windowpane as they wait for someone to answer.
“Because,” he says, frustrated tears blurring the edges of his vision, “I’m a screw-up, Dean. You should know that already, and I haven't even told you everything. I can’t keep anyone I care about safe. I couldn’t save Dean, but that’s not all of it — Ellen’s daughter Jo died, too. She was a bartender in the warehouse district, and she got shot her first week on the job by some sleazebag she tried to bounce. The Angels weren’t there to save her.” Dean takes a deep breath. “My father went off the rails after Dean died, and I couldn’t help him. Claire and Jack have both been injured while I’ve been chasing Hellfire and the Demons. I don’t want this responsibility anymore! I didn’t ask for any of this!”
Cas is back again, having arrived sometime during that speech. He has all their bags hanging from his hands, and he’s watching Dean and Lisa carefully. Dean wants to look at him, just for comfort, but he can’t turn away from Lisa. She’s taking deep breaths, like she’s drowning on dry land. He holds her shoulders tighter in an attempt to pull her up, pull her out of it.
“Fine, you win!” Jack says as she stands over him, laughing. He falls back to the ground, arms spread wide. “Ugh, Cas, can we take a break now?”
”Really, Cas?” Dean fixes him with a glare, and there’s an anger in his eyes not unlike what Cas saw in the Bobby memory. “So Michael couldn’t know about your deal with the Empty and how you’re gonna leave me again, right when we’re finally happy together? He couldn’t show me how you die and leave me like this?” Dean points an accusatory, shaking finger at his passed-out self. “He couldn’t show me how I lose it with you gone, again? How it makes me sloppy on hunts and how I get Sam killed? How Jack can’t stand to be around me anymore, so he leaves? You think he couldn’t show me all that?”
you, I know that if I don’t know anything else, because I’ve felt it this whole fucking time —” Like a complete fucking sap he takes Cas’s hand and presses it over his heart. “I feel it.”
"Yeah, I'm willing." Charlie walks over to one of the bookshelves and carefully picks up a picture of her parents smiling at her during a birthday party, a colorful cone hat sitting lopsided on her untamed childhood curls. She plucks the frame in her backpack and says, "And I’m already packed. So let’s go.”
Then the face of Dean Winchester forms out of the blurred lights, kneeling next to him, and Cas starts to cry, though he doesn’t quite understand why.
is what he wants to scream next, but Dean pulls something off his belt and then Anna yells, “Get back!” as he throws it to the ground and the air around them is blurred by smoke and sand.
Jody shoots a worried glance at Dean, who hasn’t spoken a word since his crying jag this morning. He knows how pathetic must seem, cheeks tear stained and eyes red. He’s too tired to care.
Henry had a dad who was gone all the time, too. Henry could quote all of Han Solo’s lines from every Star Wars movie. Henry didn’t care that Dean was new and out-of-place. He just wanted someone to play catch with after school and to talk in mock Darth Vader voices with.
“Right,” Cas says. “Wendell Perkins drowned around six months ago, though his body hasn’t been found.”
, Cas has a great voice and he cannot handle it saying those words without desperately needing to come.
Cas hates guns, and he hates hitting the trail before he’s had at least two cups of coffee. But it could be worse. He could have told Bobby the whole truth.
“Sam got into trouble right after you left.” He closes his eyes. Dean hates talking about this. “Ruby came back from rehab, and they got into their old shit. She brings out the worst in him, man.” Cas listens without comment. “They were arrested for possession of a controlled substance, intent to distribute.”
Claire’s lower lip wobbles dangerously, and she turns into the shoulder of her jacket, her thick, curly hair covering the other side of her face. Dean knows how it is to never want other people to see you break down. To never want anyone to know how weak you are. He’s given up on hiding his own weakness — Sam, Jody, Claire, even Jack, they’ve seen it. He wishes he’d stopped hiding before, long enough to show Cas.
Like he did for both lunch and dinner yesterday, Cas leaves a plate of food just inside the guest room door for Dean’s breakfast — toast and butter with a glass of water. He sees the other glasses sitting on his desk, half empty, next to two stacked plates. At least Dean’s eating, although from Cas’s point of view he doesn’t appear to have moved out from under the covers at all.
“Well, I still need to finish Mr. Winchester’s official statement, and there’s a lot of evidence we should go over—”
“What are we going to do?” he asks, because yeah, Cas killed the man whose body is currently slumped next to their car, but Dean let him. He could have stepped in, could have stopped it. He didn’t want to. This is a
“I haven’t forgotten,” Cas says testily, “and you should not forget he’s an innocent child. He’s done nothing wrong.”
There are two beaten up lawn chairs folded and tucked away behind a tree hanging over the bank, and Gwen pulls them out and sets them up in the dirt.
“Is this a date?” Cas’s cheeks color. He’s shocked to realize he’d like that. It’s not a good idea since Dean is hellbent on making him out to be an asshole, but he’d like it all the same.
. These memories are all about times when Dean felt helpless, when he couldn’t protect himself or those he loves. In this memory, Cas is dead.
“I have,” Cas says, honestly, right as Dean moves forward to kiss his neck. Dean pauses, lips hovering so close to Cas’s skin he feels Dean’s breath, hot and right above his shirt collar. “I wanted you during the apocalypse, but I felt like something was wrong with me as an angel to desire a human. I wanted you the whole year you were with Lisa, the times we fought after, in Purgatory, when I was human. Especially when I was human. I think that’s when I realized exactly how much you mean to me. That what I really wanted was more, more of you.” Dean hasn’t moved, quietly breathing against Cas’s neck. “I wanted you with the Mark and without. Before I said yes to Lucifer, during, after. I wanted you so much, even when I thought you wanted Lisa instead.”
“No, breakfast would be great.” Cas exhales through his nose, pinching the spot between his brow. “I can be there in thirty minutes.”
love you,” Cas says. Dean feels him start to pull back, so he reaches to grab the back of Cas’s shirt and hold him tighter.
Dean sneezes again, more viciously this time, and Gracie leaps over his shoulder to sit perched on the back of the couch, tail swinging in Cas’ face.
“You should take care of this,” he says quietly, and then Cas is backing into the bathroom and closing the door behind him.
on the table with his pointer and index fingers. Balthazar has his head in his hands, lost for words for once. Anna is pacing, and Cas feels like he’s two seconds from losing his mind.
He might be pushing forty now, but he’s still got it. This place he found tonight is cleaner than most — the bartender’s been wiping the counter tops at least, and the bathroom floor only had one suspicious puddle instead of multiple — but the rules for any old dive bar still apply. Dean walks in, he looks around to see who’s looking back, and he sees his target. She’s a brunette in a low cut top and boot cut jeans, nursing what looks like a vodka cranberry at the end of the bar. Her eyes rove over his body, predatory. He smiles at her, and she smirks back.
“Enough!” he screams, and his Grace distorts his words into a high-pitched whine that causes the uninjured henchmen to cower with their hands over their heads. The other Angels flock to him, hands up and palms out, glowing blue with Grace. Cas stares out over the bloodied beach. Half of the men are dead. He hopes they can subdue the others with no more casualties. “We’ll be the ones to put an end to this!”
If he could think of a way to bring them back to Lisa, to get a final answer on whether to reveal the truth to her, Cas would do it right away, get it over with.
“Don’t I?” Dean catches sight of what looks like a flashlight beam at the other end of the valley, near where the massive chip spreader is parked. “Damn it, Sam, I gotta go.”
“I can see a ramp from here,” Claire whispers. “It looks like it leads into a tunnel of some sort. It’s probably connected to the sea cave system.” Her eyes meet Cas’s. “We need to either confront them or follow them. I don’t have a clear enough view to get photos from here.”
“Thanks, Sherlock.” The light hovers, not growing the way it did last time. Dean notices the radio, which was playing a classic rock station on a low volume, is now off. He swallows. “What do we do? Is there any way to get rid of it?”
It sounds so disbelieving Dean would laugh if any of this were funny. If it meant less, maybe he would. But Cas has meant the world to him for a long time now, and Dean’s never been more serious than when he says, “Yeah, I am. I— I like you.”
“He’s a witness in a case that we now know is tangentially related to his kidnapping. It’s ongoing, and I’m sure Dean’s FBI liaison will provide you with the details she can when you get here. For now, it’s important for you to know that he’s safe.”
“Let’s start with that. My name,” he interrupts, slamming his fork down onto the table with a bang and glaring at his parents. “Why the
“I see,” Dean says softly, as if he could possibly see. His face is blank, unreadable, but Cas knows what he must be thinking:
“Um.” Jo shakes her head, as if clearing her thoughts. “Well, that’s— you said he’s all right?” she asks, distracted, staring at the wet mess on the counter.
Maybe it’s for the best that Dean’s love for Cas has reached its apex. Cas has watched, again and again, as the wildfire love the Winchester brothers possess for each other has consumed them, their friends and family, the world. They’re only just now learning to wield it in the right way. Cas doesn’t want Dean to love him that much, in the way that could only ever seem to bring Dean pain.
Dean shrugs, letting his chair fall back to all four legs. “I get it. But I had to replace our generator a few years back, and I promise you, putting a band-aid on this is going come bite you in the ass down the road.”
It’s the same vague wording Jack used, and it reminds Dean this is only a dream. He’s going to wake up, and Cas will be dead. His hand grasps at the lapel of Cas’s stupid coat.
“I wasn’t planning on going back to Heaven, no,” he says, sounding confused, “and I do want to heal others, but you’re my first priority. Unless...” Cas’s face falls, and he seems unsure. “Unless you’ve changed your mind. I do understand that the last time you offered me a home here was several years —”
And every time, Dean awakens. He rails against the prison of Michael’s making, scrambles for every scrap of control, every neuron and every nerve he can alight, trying to win back his body one cell, one bone, one muscle at a time.
His brother is silent for a while. Finally Sam says, softly, “You know we need you here. Me and Cas.”
“We’ll explain later, run now!” Sam pushes Ben back toward the trail, and Cas follows close behind them, looking over his shoulder. He doesn’t know how far Perkins can roam from the river, but the ghost can obviously still reach them on the trail. They need to get out of the woods.
That’s what he should be doing. He shouldn’t let Dean’s comments get to him. Cas knows rationally that Dean has shifted his issues with Lisa onto him because Dean doesn’t know how to deal with his own memories of her or his own deeply buried desires for something even slightly resembling a normal life, a normal relationship. Dean clearly is at loss for how to deal with the repressed history brought back to the surface today.
“Can we not deal with this right now,” is what Dean says. “I think we’ve got bigger issues on our hands here.” Dean sighs, runs a hand through his hair, making it stick up along the front. “I don’t think you’re in a good place for this, man.”
Cas opens the door to an empty room. The shower is dry; the toothbrush he’d left for Dean next to the sink is gone.
