Oh. Them. Dean’s past Guides that broke his heart. They both left, but for very different reasons, so Charlie’s not sure what he means when he says he’s no good. She knows Dean doesn’t think the world of himself, but surely he doesn’t really think he’s no good.  That’s just wrong.
“Get some rest, Dean. I’ll talk to you later,” he raises his hand to rest reassuringly on Dean’s shoulder, but Dean avoids it by dodging, moving away from Cas in the opposite direction. The move hurts him enough to speak up, knowing Dean may not like what he has to say.
“You don’t think you deserve a Guide?”
They play this game often, but it also happens over the phone, and one night, in Dean’s bed. It’s a little strange to lie in your bed with your strictly platonic friend, but when said friend is getting a headache from the bright colors and lights of a police car and an ambulance driving past his house, you go to the most calming place available.
--------
“What is it that makes you so sure he didn’t run off? I heard that detective say something about a flight risk?”
Sam grumbles in response, and Bobby gives them a grunt while he reads the paper. Dean sets about gathering the things he needs to make waffles while Cas poured them both cups of coffee. He gives him a kiss on the cheek in thanks when he hands Dean his, and then goes to sit down at the table.
Cas groans and that does it for him. He pulls Dean tightly against himself, breathing into his lover’s neck as he comes down from his orgasm, Dean stroking through his hair.
Henrickson rushes out, and the flurry of activity outside the conference room has Castiel praying silently that it means they’re all rushing to find Dean.
Downstairs, his mother and father sit at the dining room table. They look up at his entrance, and their faces fall when their eyes land on the bag in his hands. His mother’s face quickly turns to anger, and she shakes her head on her way out of the room. His father stares stonily at him.
Dean nods, understanding. He typically is the reverse, finds women more attractive, but he’s definitely bisexual. Sex is sex, as far as he’s concerned. He’s had some really great sex and some really bad sex, and woman or man, it didn’t make a difference.
The Normal Heart, by Larry Kramer
The week passes unremarkably, with a single bright spot in a lunch with Cas, where Dean is able to order a stack of pancakes, though putting sticky, overly sweet syrup on them is not an option. Castiel looks as good as always, regardless of the ill-fitting trench coat he wears over his nice suits. When Dean asks him about it, he simply shrugs and says, “I like it.” He ignores the narrow-eyed look Cas gives him when he barely eats half of what he ordered, and Cas doesn’t say anything. It’s still the most he’s eaten in one sitting in days.
“Any ideas?”
You better, bitch!
Those thoughts are dangerous, though. He can’t do that. He’d be the storm inside the shelter. He’s the bomb brought into the bulletproof bunker. He destroys. And he can’t destroy Cas.
It’s obvious to Dean that Sam is reeling from the impassioned speech. He has stumbled back a step with the reminder of Dad, and then another when Cas pelted him further with words he couldn’t escape, face draining of color. Cas orients himself towards Dean, glancing only once at Sam, and wraps his arms around him, Dean returning the gesture, folding him into his own arms, rubbing his hand up and down his back.
“Just that his dad made them move every time there was a fire. John’s a long-haul trucker.”
“He missed his last final, Agent. Kid doesn’t go to school for as long as he did to quit one final short of graduation.”
Dean’s brain is reeling. Four times per year? Dean sees Gelbman once a year at most. “Uh, yeah. Keep going, I guess.”
“Just watching the scenery.”
That evening, Cas is having a bout of insomnia.
“What!”
“You know I’d help you study.”
“Um.” He clears his throat. The little ball of fluff pokes it’s little head up and stares at him. It’s a kitten. Why is there a kitten? He calls to his boyfriend.
“I promised I’d tell you about myself,” Dean brings his attention back to Pam. He’s curious about her, that’s for sure. “Well. I’ve known I was a Sentinel since I was ten, which is coincidentally when I went completely blind.
“Congratulations. Ready for what?”
“More like torturing.”
“Some fool at the garage thought Caleb wouldn’t know what he was talkin’ about with an old Ford.”
Dean pauses, but then so softly that Castiel almost misses it says, “Amara said that, too. Told me she loved me.”
“Dean,” Cas’ voice comes softly. “None of this was your fault, you know.”
“Your dad has agreed to let us do a couple of things to find out if you boys are in the right classes,” and Dean feels like his worst fears have been confirmed. He’s not smart enough for third grade, and they probably figured that out by day two.
“Hey, Benny. How’s everything tonight?”
He goes to the hardware store and picks out some totally bitchin’ (and trendy, but don’t tell Bobby) wood laminate floors. He grabs some foam insulation too, and spends the evening attaching that to the walls and the roof, and then puts up some of the white wood paneling that he also bought. He calls it a night, feeling confident about his idea.
“I think I’ll get pancakes with bacon,” Cas announces.
Three pairs of feet shuffle their shoes and coats off and there's a mummer of conversation.
“Did you figure it out? Where do you live now?”
“Why is everyone worried about that? Who cares if I came to two classes?”
Dean’s face feels like it’s glowing, but he can’t help deflecting Cas’ comments with a little bit of humor. “Even when I’m a miserable bastard to you?”
The first few times they see each other after their tentative agreement, Dean holds himself so tightly he’s sore the next day. He can’t afford to let his emotions control him, not with Cas around. He works hard to keep any feelings he experiences in check, doesn’t partake in conversations that arouse a higher emotional state (when Charlie started talking about the mishandling of Daenerys in the finale of
________________________
“Thanks.”
“Yer gon’ kill me,” Dean slurs, and Alastair comes into his field of vision, tutting.
“Shit, what? Where’s Dean?”
Balthazar has given him the go-ahead to teach his classes, but would like him to get his students to do stuff like, “Reduce use of colognes and perfumes on days they’re in his class,” and, “Do not allow students to bring food or beverages into the classroom, aside from water,” though in parenthesis he added “(coffee may also be acceptable, depending on your preferences,)” which is actually pretty funny. Balthazar would also like him to preemptively ask them to stay quiet.
“You will.”
That’s extremely unusual. Cas’s brow furrows, and he types quickly. There’s a fine line between friendly concern and overbearing, he knows, but he’s worried for Dean.
He doesn’t seem fine. His cheekbones are more pronounced than ever. His lips look chapped, his eyes are fever-bright with dark smudges beneath them, patches of color now high on his cheeks. Dean hadn’t felt warm, but it’s possible his fever was masked by his clothing.
“I don’t know, Cas, but I’m on my way down there right now,”
John grabs as his son, who hisses in pain at his grip.
Other Voices, Other Rooms, by Truman Capote
A plan in place, Dean submits his application to SFSU containing the transcripts from his previous semesters at CCSF, then hits the road.
“If you trusted Cas, you’d be bonded by now.”
“So does Charlie.”
“Yeah, Cas. I’ll be fine.”
“Dean, it’s okay. You can apply for paramedics courses any time in the year.”
“Sleep would keep you going, too,” Cas frowns even more at him. “As would more food. You’re going to make yourself sick.”
By the sixth day of no contact, Cas has had enough. There are only a few places Dean could be and he’s going to track him down and they are going to talk. With words. It’s either going to go very well or very poorly.
Dean shivered, and watched Alastair, waiting for him to continue.
Dean is hanging. His toes are on the ground, but it’s difficult for him to get a grip. His breaths are short, and he panics until he realizes he can lift himself up a tiny bit to get a good breath in.
“Right, I forgot.”
Zachariah opened each of their “sessions” with a prayer. For Castiel to forget his sinful ways, for him to come back to the path of light, and for him to stop his hateful scientific research.
“Yeah, dude. Gonna go pick up a girl and rock her world if you know what I mean.”
“You need something?” Ellen asks.
Benny gives a soft laugh with the rest, and adds in, “I wasn’t sure of him at first, but I think you’ve got a good one there, brother.”
“You were protective.”
“Bobby. They have to find him.”
“Hm. Is it overwhelming?”
Cas's eyes had looked hard into Dean’s face, but Dean wasn’t sure what Cas had seen. He had declared Dean’s burn to be second degree, and treated it right there in the kitchen with the first-aid kit Dean kept under the sink. It wasn’t until Dean started feeling the pain from it, that the shame from giving in to his urge to hurt himself had him attempting to pull away from Cas, his head spinning.
“Sam, don’t. I’m fine. Thank you for coming by with the blanket and everything, but I’m honestly already feeling better. The blanket helps, I’m gonna try to sleep.”
Dating Cas isn’t that much different than being friends, except now Dean feels less embarrassed when Cas catches him staring, or when Cas says something adorable, and Dean’s allowed to tell him he’s cute.
“Sure, Chef. How about you bring some booze?” Cas knows what Dean likes to drink by now, and Bobby will drink whatever you give him.
There’s a lot of people here, too
“Charlie…”
Sam goes to his bedroom, and Dean ducks into his to change.
For only the second time in Dean’s presence, Castiel purposefully brings his Guide intuition forward. He needs to hug Dean, and he needs to be able to help Dean if it becomes overwhelming. He needs to. His ability to block his own empathy only extends so far, and he’s hit his breaking point.
Balthazar frowns in apparent disapproval, and his disdain is clear when he says, “You’ve had some misguided doctors in your life. The last time sedatives were approved for use in treatment of hypersensitivity in Sentinels was nearly thirty years ago.”
“I’m sick of peanut butter. And it’s Sam, Dean.” He’s got the same fond but bitchy look on his face that he gets whenever his brother calls him Sammy, and Dean sort of loves it.
“Me too.”
“It’s not your fault.”
Sam’s voice has gone soft. “What are you getting your degree in?”
A quick glance at Bobby shows him glowering more and more but Dean responds anyway, “that was my
Sam swallows thickly. “Yeah. I gotta-- I gotta go.”
“No. How long’s it been?”
“Cas, I--”
Cas didn’t have to do that. It would’ve been better if he had just disappeared.
“You want to name our dog ‘Demon’?”
Henrickson gives him an assessing stare, “coulda died.”
________________________
“Don’t worry, Benny.”
Dean squirms under Bobby’s stern gaze. “It hasn’t come up?”
“Can I see my ring now?”
“I don’t like when he’s rude to you,” Cas mumbles into Dean’s neck.
She calls him out on it when they meet for lunch after Dean finishes a lecture.
He follows his routine. He teaches, he researches. He meets with students during office hours. He goes to his yoga classes, he runs. Benny checks on his shins, and when Dean says they feel much better, Benny doesn’t tape them again but reminds Dean to make sure he’s taking rest days.
“Don’t think I can top this.”
Castiel sighed. Dean thought it was probably some form of fond exasperation.
“You a lawyer?” Bobby already knows he’s not. He’s looked into this guy, Dr. Castiel Novak. A trauma surgeon at the university hospital, occasional guest lecturer at the school of medicine and the law school. And he’s a Guide. He certainly looks good on paper, Bobby will give him that.
“That’s exactly what I’m saying.” Cas looks steadily at Dean, “Getting to know you as a person has only ever intensified what I feel for you. And believe me when I say that I know myself. I know my own feelings, and how they change. They will never change, not for you.”
“I got into a fight, man. Drop it.”
He makes a note on his notepad while Dean talks. When Dean pauses, he looks up. “Go on.”
he thinks to himself.
“Yes, that is one of his personality quirks, I’m afraid. I didn’t realize that you weren’t aware of our connection.”
Dean’s taking Castiel and Sam on a tour of the engineering labs, when he turns his head to the left quickly, mutters, “Oh, fuck,” and takes off running down the hallway.
Cas doesn’t feel ready to leave this man to himself quite yet, so he prompts Dean a bit, attempts to start a conversation. “When I was Guiding you. It was very… loud.”
“I’m not mad, Dean,” he huffs, and he looks frustrated. “How on earth do you have time to do your schoolwork? Or sleep? Or eat?”
“Yeah, I think we’re okay. Jason, you hit your head or anything?”
“What do you mean, a history?”
“I didn’t do anything wrong.”
“Fine, you’re no fun. Balthazar’s coming with me to the club tonight for dinner, and you’re coming too. I’ve got a new chef for my days off, and I want to try him out, so lucky you, you get to come with! Chef’s table, baby bro!” He presents this as a treat, though past experiences tell Castiel that if he attends, he’s in for an evening of loud music, bright lights, and yelling any conversation they might like to have. It’s not his type of atmosphere, and his brother and Balthazar know that well.
“I checked it! It’s exactly how they told us to have it fit.”
Dean’s got his jacket and boots on. He’s ready to go, and he bets Cas can see that.
“Uh, yeah, Sammy, but we’re almost out. I’m going to head out to the store tonight, okay? I’ll pick up some more bread, and some other stuff.” Dean starts to make a sandwich for Sam, ignoring the rumbling in his own stomach. It’s been a day or so since his last full meal, but he’ll eat tonight if he can scrounge up enough money.
“Espresso is a necessity of life, Benny.”
The next few days of treatment suck because Dean hasn’t been released. He’s still stuck in the hospital, and he’s bored as hell. The Sensinull is coming out of his system a bit slower than Balthazar would like, but not slow enough that he feels dialysis is warranted, which is a relief for Dean. Dialysis sounds like more time in a hospital, which is Dean’s special hell.
! Dad found him through one of those bullshit groups that think Sentinels are just making shit up. He went to prison for what he did to you and to those other kids for a
“Dean, it’s like I’m famous!”
“Who else would he have?”
“Are you okay?”
), or when part of the wooden playground had been rotten and he
“I believe you, I do. I just-- how long, Dean?” Of course, he wants to know how long Dean has been doing this. Once or twice is something he could probably get over, but for as long as Dean’s been doing this? No one could overlook that.
“I’m hard to deal with.”
, Cas.
“Dean—”
“Yasha. Come.” The little dog tilts her head, but stubbornly refuses to move.
“Who?”
Both of them wearing pajama pants and t-shirts, Dean leads the way to the kitchen, trying to shake off the exposed feeling. He considers adding more layers of clothing but knows that it wouldn’t actually help.  Instead, he tries to remember what he has to make them breakfast.
different, does he?
for three days, since that fire at the apartment building, and none of these detectives will do anything about it!”
Dean’s eyes widen, and rather than the slow return to his senses he experienced that afternoon in Dean’s office, Castiel witnesses the panic blossom behind the Sentinel’s eyes, sees Dean try to jerk away, but he maintains contact with him, holding him firm and speaking in a low voice.
“You need to talk to the right people.”
“It’s not your fault. I know you can’t believe me. But if it was your fault, Victor would have arrested you the other day when he came to take the rest of your statement. You’re not under arrest. You’re a victim. And you’re traumatized.”
They’re silent for a minute, watching each other.
At the restaurant, Dean instantly feels weird. The thing is, he’s not sure what it means. Something’s weird, though.
“I love you. Will you…?” Dean hands the ring to Cas, who slides it on Dean’s finger. Cas had to have stolen one of his other rings to get the size, because it fits perfectly. “Cas, I. I don’t have a ring for you yet.”
Cas adds another finger, and as soon as both fingers are coated with spit and lube, he begins fucking Dean with his fingers, fast and rough.
Sam and Castiel sit in silence for a minute or two, and then Sam checks his watch, which has lit up with a notification. “Damn, I meant to come take you out to lunch, feel like I haven’t seen you in a few days. But I really need to head back. I left Hannah with a stack of research and now I feel bad she’s working on it alone. I probably wasn’t doing my fair share before I left, anyway—“
“We have to say it at the same time, Dean. And make sure that you’re thinking about the idea, you know, that we can hear each other but only when we want. We don’t want to hear every thought that travels through each other’s minds, think of the noise!”
Dean knows he’s not looking well. The four days Cas had been gone didn’t do him any favors, either. The nausea was constant, as was the headache. He couldn’t concentrate, and the thought of eating made him imagine throwing it all back up again, so he just avoided it, instead eating tiny amounts of things, but he figured it was better than nothing. It stopped him from outright passing out, and then once Cas got back, he knew he could have a good meal. Not even the twice-daily running had tricked his stomach into letting him eat the past few days, and his legs were killing him. Benny had sent him home from yoga twice and told the other instructors to call him if Dean showed up, the interfering bastard. Probably didn’t help that he hadn’t bothered to shave since Cas left.
“Dean.”
“I think I’d know if I brought a cat home.”
He has to be careful. He doesn’t want to argue with Cas, but he doesn’t know how to convince him he’s just looking out for Cas's best interests. “I don’t think that
“You don’t hafta apologize, Cas. I like that you’re excited.” He squeezes Cas’ hand in apology for alarming him. It’s hard to hear Cas say all those things about him being a hard worker, though, and he had to make him stop. He’s pretty sure Cas sets his standards low for him, so when he surpasses them he looks impressive.
, and the best Dean can do is put it out of his mind. It’s been years, and Dean feels like he’s found a routine that works for him, even if he always feels a little… off. At this point, he can hardly remember what normal feels like. Most days he can even wear regular clothes and forgo the stupid, boring-ass Sentinel fabrics (they’re really not that bad, Jess could make a living styling people or whatever, and she picked everything out for him. Dean just resents that they’re made special, and they’re fucking expensive, and he can’t just wear anything he wants. It’s the principle of the thing).
When Charlie gets there, she lets herself in the back gate, bags in her arms.
Going back to work was interesting for both of them. Cas told him that while he’d always thought he had good control over his empathic nature since they bonded, he feels like he’s been able to engage it during his work in a way that he hadn’t before. He didn’t even realize he had been feeling a level of emotional distress all this time, not until it was gone.
“I thought of the question I wanted to ask.”
“I am, too. If they didn’t match up with you in the way you guys are supposed to, you know, resonate, or whatever, they should’ve called it right there.”
“Tequila?” Ellen sounds amused, and Bobby smothers his chuckle behind his beer—Charlie’s affinity for tequila is well-known and documented. “Where’s Jess?”
“I’ll wait here. You have your book? I’ll quiz you now on the chapter basics.”
They both get ready for bed, Cas changing into a t-shirt that proclaims, “Save the Bees!” along with some flannel pajama bottoms. Dean blushes at the glimpses of Cas’ bare skin, but strips off his overshirt and jeans, and climbs into the bed beside Cas.
“They both left after we got pretty close.”
“Yeah. I noticed you don’t let him touch you.”
Sam sees the look on Bobby’s face, because he says “what. Bobby, why are you looking at him like that?”
“Can I ask you a professional question?”
“I can plan it.”
“Uh,” Dean’s not sure. “It did when you first walked in, but maybe it just surprised me. It’s okay now. I guess.” She’s sitting now, relaxed in a way that makes Dean relax a little, too. Dean thinks of Rufus; with him, Dean always has to be on guard, like the man is just waiting for Dean to slip up so he can mock him for it. Pamela feels… cool. She’s confident, but not in a way that makes Dean feel like he’s being tested. They’re good.
“Boy you can’t even read a book right now without giving yourself a migraine. Go back to bed, I’m takin’ care of this.”
He’s alive, but the doctors say that his blood alcohol level was 0.28% at its highest. The paramedics administering glucose and getting him oxygen to prevent his respiratory system from failing were critical in getting him to the hospital.
“No excuse. Just chickenshit, I guess.” He’s silent for a moment, then he clears his throat. “Charlie?”
Sam eyes him suspiciously the next morning after Dean finishes running his laps around the block (he puked twice, but Dad made him keep going), and when he catches a glimpse of the bruises on his face and neck, he’s furious. Dean stays home from school for a week while they heal, and Sam begs him the whole time to tell him what happened.
On the following Tuesday, Dean’s got his 101 class. Which is filled with freshmen, finally settled into campus and university life now they’re in their second semester. Dean likes teaching the second semester better. The first semester is filled with kids whose high school teachers had told them all shit like, “You’re not going to be able to get away with this in college!” Dean has always found this hilarious. Only in college will you encounter a professor who decides your final exam will be getting a drink at the bar off-campus.
“I am not taking him in my car!”
“She’s already quieted down. I bet she’s asleep.”
“Excuse me?”
Dean loves this. With the cabinets at his back, he can’t back away from the thrusts, even reflexively. All he can do it take it, and breathe when Cas pulls out. He loves giving away his control to a partner, rather than having it simply taken away. A small difference to Dean, but an important one.
Dean feels something shift inside himself. He knew this was too good to be true. Why would Cas stay with someone like this? “I’ll move out.”
It’s over. There’s no way Cas wants him now. How could he? He stops running, because black spots are starting to press in on his eyes, and he still can’t draw a deep enough breath.
even worse to Castiel.
“Uh, what? Are you talking about?”
Cas is the safe haven inside of a storm. He’s the bulletproof bunker where Dean can reset and reload for the next foray out into the storm, into the battle.
When Castiel returns from the kitchen, he’s already called the hospital and taken the morning off. He was due to drop Dean’s bloodwork at the lab before his shift, but it can wait. He coaxes some water into Dean and then gets him to sit up. The toast sits on a plate between them, and Dean eyes it, coffee mug held snug in his hands, though he hasn’t taken a drink yet.
“You damn idjit.”
“It’s okay. I like funny books better than sad books though. The one I’m reading right now is sad.”
women. This is not an either/or situation. Don’t come at me with that bisexual erasure crap.”
“Uh, duh. You’re friends with my gay ass. Do you like him?”
He’s grateful for Cas's calming presence at this meeting, though. He’s about to have a bunch of restrictions placed on him, and he’s never done well with rules.
“I guess no one’s ever put it like that before.”
Dean nods, frantically. He’s done it once or twice, and tonight definitely feels like he barely needs much else, he feels so close.
“Yeah. He consulted with my old doctor, and then we moved so I could see him face to face. Turned out he lived right by our old hometown.”
He nods to Sam. It’s not overwhelming, it’s just a lot, and he needs a minute. He lets himself adjust, one sense at a time like Pam suggested.
“I’ll show you in a bit, if you want, Sammy. I bought a van from this girl and outfitted it with a bed and a little kitchen and everything.”
When the boys start at their new school, there’s more paperwork and discussions of what classrooms Dean and Sam should join. Sam joins back in with a first-grade class (and he
“We’re all at Recoult.”
“I want to know everything about you.”
,” Cas emphasizes. “The Sensinull will be clear of his system soon, it possibly already is, which he’ll find out tomorrow, and Dean will discuss with his doctors the best course of action. You knew this would happen, that Dean might have more zones. And his panic attacks aren’t new, either. He’s learning to manage them.”
“Didn’t know you were coming tonight,” Dean comments while Jess settles herself in.
“Was gonna ask you the same thing.”
Dean hedges, “Summer is pretty far away.”
Typically, Castiel would balk at being invited second hand into a stranger’s home, but given how much Sam talks about his older brother, Castiel feels a happy anticipation in getting to meet him. He can put a face with the name at last.
“I was supposed to die! I’m supposed to be dead, and I can’t handle thinking about all those people! I know you think it’s not my fault, but it is. It’s my fault! Everything that happens to me is my fault, do you not see that?” He drops onto the bed and sits with his head in his hands This is more walking around and talking than he’s done in a couple of weeks, and he’s tired. Cas comes to sit next to him.
“You’ll finish. I promise. Finish telling Victor what happened.”
Gabriel was here when I got home, though I have no idea when he got a key. I told him I was having you over for a movie tonight, and he was appalled by my lack of acceptable baked goods. He made them. I simply watched.”
“You don’t remember me? That hurts, Dean. Here I thought we had a connection,” the man tilts his head, frowning, like Dean’s hurt his feelings. “Think back, kiddo. You looked beautiful, on your knees for me. I knew I had to take more. Remember how I turned you around? You wanted it, Deano. Practically begged me for it. You were so tight, and felt so, so good. I got to mark you up so pretty inside, and I left you plenty of money, remember? Six hundred?”
“Let’s keep going. I heard there’s an ice cream sandwich swing!” Castiel pulls Dean along, who laughs and follows him.
“Nah, we’ve got it. You cooked.”
“Who are these plans with, then?”
“Yeah.”
Anger rushes through Dean. “I would’ve taken Sam with me,” Dean growls, defiant for once in his life. For the first time in his life, Dean’s not taking this shit lying down.
“How about we tell them Sunday? Then we have tomorrow to spend getting to know each other, and they can come over for lunch. Or dinner.”
“Dean.” Charlie sounds like she pities him, which Dean hates.
“Oh, just that they’re friends. He’s a doctor. Helps him on cases with medical shit. That you two met a few weeks back.”
The thought of eating makes Dean’s stomach turn, but he nods tiredly, making a resolution to try.
“That’s what I thought. Already put your name on the papers.”
“Wow, and here I am trying to get college kids to care about heat conduction.”
“—toxicity,” Cas supplies.
Dean used to wake up screaming from nightmares. He went silent for days at a time, he couldn’t keep food down. He was drinking far too much. Medication helped. Therapy helped. Castiel helped. Dean still privately thinks Castiel is way too good for him, but he’s learned to accept that whether or not that’s true, he’s the one Castiel wants.
Yasha never has a chance.
“Couldn’t have done it without you, babe.” Then he marvels a little more. “How did they even…?”
“Apologies. Would you like to get lunch?”
Dean nods in confirmation, eyes beginning to droop.
Dean continues breathing deeply against the crook of Castiel’s neck, and then they move back, slowly together, completely in sync. Dean lowers Castiel onto the bed behind him, and Castiel moving backward so that their bodies are both fully on the bed, and then Dean more or less dives in. He rushes to remove the sweatpants Cas is wearing, along with the t-shirt, and divests himself of his minimal clothing as well.
“But Sammy can skip a grade.”
He jumps when a hand touches his shoulder. It’s his teacher, Mrs. Freeman. “Are you okay?”
“This is not who you are, Castiel!” his father is close to shouting at him, which has almost never happened before, “you will not embarrass the family like this! It was bad enough that Gabriel went off to cook, but at least he’s not a-- a-- homosexual!”
Cas is staring at him, eyebrows lowered in concern.
“Did you check the garages? My boyfriend’s van is in the third one, he might have been inside!”
“Good. Me too.”
“Cas,” Dean looks at him, feeling pain with every breath. “I’m a ho-ooker, Cas.” A tremor interrupts him, but he pushes through.
He’s lived with it since he was a kid, did he really need more information? “Uh. Me? I mean, I had a doctor. He prescribed stuff. Gave me exercises.”
“Well, you’re doing great. That explains why you were a little distracted today, huh?” When Dean hears that he turns to face her, ears turning pink. “Your teachers from your old school indicated that you were a smart, focused, hard worker.”
“He hurt you for that, didn’t he?”
“I’m in a hospital bed, what could I possibly do?” Besides, he’s tired. He’ll figure out what happens next when his brain stops feeling like it’s trying to escape from his skull.
“Dad?”
“You told them you’re gay?”
Dean zones twice in the first three days, and each time he withdraws into himself for a little while. Cas isn’t sure, but he thinks Dean spends the time internally berating himself, angry at this perceived weakness.
“Keep on hurting yourself to muscle through it.”
“You think?”
It’s not until he pulls the wheeled stool over to Dean’s bedside to review everything with him that he brings it up.
Dean looks aghast. “What the hell do you mean, you’re not a good Guide?” Cas is the best Guide he’s ever worked with. He’s not been Guided often, but in his experience, Cas is the best.
“Does that mean it’s my turn to ask a question?” Dean kicks out his leg to nudge Cas's and stubbornly avoids thinking about the frisson of energy that tingles the back of his neck when they make contact.
Sam has no idea what to do.
“I don’t know. Come back to the cafe, there’s nothing we can do here but get in the way.”
“Ain’t he always?” He settles into the low chair and watches Dean loosen up a bit while he’s playing with the kid; as much as Dean’s always claimed he doesn’t know what to do with children, he’s a natural with them. He’ll be a great dad one day if he could just let himself open up a little. “El.”
“That there is a piece of live-edge walnut, and I’ve been having a hard time moving it, on account of its awkward size. Too small for a coffee table, too big for a dining table. You could take it off my hands for… fifty?”
“Yeah, Sam. I remember.”
Cas leads Dean to lay on the bed and then lays down with him, leaning over the top of his boyfriend to kiss him deeply once more. He licks a hot line across Dean’s bottom lip, and Dean obediently opens his mouth and allows Cas to dip his tongue inside. Dean groans slightly, low in his throat.
They get distracted for a moment when Dean leans over to Cas to give him a good morning kiss, and it goes on for longer than they planned, but Dean considers this worth the distraction.
Dean knows. His shoulders feel like they’re up around his ears.
He drops Sam off at his classroom, handing the papers in the envelope to his teacher, who smiles kindly at him. She asks where his mom and dad are, and Dean always hates this part.
“Then I’ll clean.”
He sometimes knew things that the other kids didn’t, like when his third-grade teacher got a new boyfriend (he could hear both ends of the phone call, and Ms. Schafer smelled like something distinctly
“Six hours.”
“You sap.”
“Uh, that one is Endocrinology. My professor likes to do these quizzes randomly to keep us on our toes, and I’ve got class tomorrow.”
He whines and whimpers tilting his hips up as far as possible. He tries to pull his legs out from under Cas so that he can get his knees under himself so that he can spread as wide as possible and get Cas as deep as he can possibly go. Cas shifts his weight, and Dean doesn’t wait for him to pull his fingers out, getting on his knees, shoulders still pressed down to the mattress and shifting his knees as wide as possible.
“Do you often feel like you have no energy, or feel tired?”
Castiel calls Charlie to come down to the station and bring her computer, after he tells Agent Henrickson that she had been checking to see if Dean used his credit cards. She’s in fifteen minutes, and twenty minutes later, Henrickson is negotiating with her that she won’t go to prison for hacking street light cameras if she just tells him what she found.
“I don’t. I mean, not usually.”
________________________
This was the part Dean was afraid of.
“I’m not saying you have an eating disorder. You’re not anorexic, you don’t actually meet the requirements, as you’re not purposefully restricting yourself due to your body image. Food causes you sensory discomfort or nausea, so you don’t take in enough calories to cover what you’re burning with the amount of exercise you do. And frankly, the amount of running you’re doing isn’t healthy. If you’re not experiencing joint pain yet, you will soon.
Honestly, Charlie hasn’t really thought about it. But yeah, if it hurts to be hugged sometimes, she can’t imagine what sex must be like. Especially on Dean’s hypersensitive days. She remembers when Dean was doing the one-night stand thing. His slutty days, she called them. She had no idea he was in pain, oh
Dean reads down the list, and most of the things make sense. But then he gets to the bottom.
“He has a history of being flighty.”
________________________
“I haven’t heard much about you, though. Why is that?”
He takes a step forward, towards the building. He needs to find Cas, he has to make sure he’s safe.
Castiel can do nothing but gape at him.
“We’re together now, I can’t pine over someone I’m dating.”
“Except the pie.”
The ceiling fan is moving at a pace that makes it just enough of a challenge for him to follow a single fan blade around, but it gives him something for his mind to focus on while not having to think too hard.
“My brother, Sam. He’s four years younger than me and already out there changing the world. He’s a lawyer, works in family law. Lots of kids in abusive homes ‘n stuff.” Pam’s quiet for a beat, and Dean’s sure that, blind or not, she sees right through him, but her next prompt takes him in a different direction.
“Pretzel fish ’n mustard, please.”
“Hey there, kiddo.”
Dr. Alastair had said that his senses weren’t steady enough or good enough for something like police work, and he was right. They’re inconsistent at best, and the Sensinull Dr. Gelbman prescribed is definitely his best shot at controlling them. Sometimes when he feels a zone coming on he needs to take other extreme measures to calm himself, but he’s not had to do that in several days, fortunately.
Dean’s been rejected by a lot of people, but he suddenly realizes this is the first time it really matters. He tried to keep Cas around because Cas is it, he would be a perfect Guide for a Sentinel better than Dean, and to exactly no one’s surprise, Dean’s failing.
Castiel attends his high school graduation in order to pick up his diploma. His parents attend with forced smiles for those around him. They take stiff photographs.
“Yasha!”
“You’re in luck. I’ll grab it for you.” Dean steps back into the kitchen to harass Gabriel for a pastry, and he hears Gabriel shout, “
His intro to engineering class has about fifty students in it, and attendance isn’t mandatory but he gives extra credit for it. Most of his students come to every lecture; he’s got about five or so that skip at least once a week, but for the most part, this smaller lecture hall is pretty full. He likes this room; its desks are actually long tables, and they’re on risers so everyone can see, and more importantly, he can see everyone.
with the escape of the villain?”
“Yeah. I’m sorry. I can get my things from your place or-- or you know, there’s not much there, I don’t think. I don’t need it, just toss it.”
“Then you’re blind.”
________________________
“It’s thanks to Castiel here that we found you. He raised hell down at the station until I paid attention to him.”
Cas shakes his head ruefully at Dean, “You don’t have time to make trouble.”
“Shit, who—”
“Holy
“Yeah. I gotta finish this paper, but then I’m all yours.”
He’s afraid that the reason Dean wants to talk in the morning is so that he can come up with an excuse.
Looks at it.
“Yes, we’ve been working very hard. She practiced with her scissors some more. They’re still a bit tricky, but Miss. Hannah sent home some of those cutting papers, right Billie?”
: YES the hottie?
A body steps in his path, and he crashes into them. He feels a pinch on the side of his neck, and he knows nothing else.
In San Diego, he meets a redhead named Charlie, who immediately declares them best friends. She hitches a ride with him back to her little house in Los Angeles after learning that Dean was saving up money for a nice camera. Her friend Kevin, it turned out, was selling his, because it ended up being that he didn’t have much of an eye for photography at all. Charlie also takes one look at his computer and spends a whole evening telling him what a piece of crap it is. She tells him that she’s building him a new computer, that he needs it to edit the amazing photos he’s going to take, and that she won’t take no for an answer. She gets him a fancy iPad Pro with all the bells and whistles that she jailbreaks and does a bunch of other stuff to that Dean doesn’t understand. He fixes her roof as payment, and she makes him promise to text her every single day.
And here he is, laying in his bed, swinging between feeling empty and feeling filled to the brim, overflowing with fear. Is this it? Is this what his life is going to be? He was sure he was going to be alone—was
“Don’t tell me you’re sorry! You’re sorry? Why the hell are you sorry? Dad hit you so hard you don’t
Dean shakes his head, “I shouldn’t, I had today off.”
“I’m not sure. I’m trying to figure out what sense it even triggered because all I can tell is… weird. There’s nothing else yet.”
A while later, Ms. Freeman comes out to get them and bring them back in the meeting, and Dean is sure she’s about to tell him he’s been expelled. The stone in his stomach is still there, and now it’s hot and rolling around with a bunch of other stones.
Dean sees her take note of him, but it seems the game is over, because nothing grabs his little monster’s attention more than food. He manages to get her collar back on before she can bolt again, and this time he picks her up. He can hear her grunt as she’s lifted, but he has no pity. Truthfully, he’s more relieved than anything else. His heart is still pounding.
Dean didn’t dignify that with an answer.
“Cas, you think I wanted to tell you that I was essentially homeless? I live in a van.”
the smallest in this room, so Dean vows to watch out for bullies), And Dean gets placed in a classroom that’s half third graders and half fourth graders. There’s a little group of the fourth graders that take the fifth-grade reading, and they’re in the middle of reading
“Because you’re a dumbass teenager who thinks fire is cool? I don’t know, Dean, you tell me. Why is there a fire in 70% of the towns we live in?”
Dean looks up, and notices Castiel standing a few feet away. He looks a bit sheepish, and Castiel approaches the counter.
“The anxiety is the first thing we’re monitoring. The second thing is depression.”
“He’s gonna freak out when he finds out I live in a van.”
“When can we watch the next one?”
Some of that must translate, because Cas is pushing back, only turning his head to the side as Dean kisses and licks down his neck, and gasps, “Dean.”
and the writers being tapped for the next
“Who?”
stick around, and Sam leaves. One that won’t stay and the other won’t fuckin’
“And when people ask, you get to explain that you learned it from a Japanese Cartoon.”
“But please don’t say anything to anyone else.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Stephanie?”
“I know, Dean, we’re less than five minutes away. Let’s go.”
“Yes, I love it, I love it so much, let me be good for you,” Dean pants as Cas scissors his fingers along Dean’s inner walls, occasionally pulling more sounds from him when he passes over his prostate.
They haven’t bonded, and yet. There’s a bond between them, and Castiel isn’t sure he will ever give it up.
“You’re ridiculous.”
“In what way?”
“Yeah, I do though. I’m 22, Bobby. I’m just crampin’ your style here, old man. Now you can have Ellen over without waiting until I’m not around.”
Castiel nods, “That’s not a bad idea. She’ll have some insights that it would be impossible for us to have.”
“You want me to stay?” Dean nods, eyes at half-mast.
Balthazar doesn’t speak for several moments, and Dean follows his lead. He’s not sure where they go at this point. He’s not sure he can stop it, not anymore.
“I can stop, if you want. But you have to do something for me. I want to teach you.”
“How come you can sign?”
“I uh, never told him about what went down in Salem. And I never mentioned to him that I was working here. We don’t talk that much, we mostly text.”
“Yeah,” pity he didn’t, Dean thinks.
Dean huffs air out through his nose, the closest to a laugh Cas thinks he’s probably going to get from Dean this morning. He’ll take it.
“Please, Cas. I don’t want to think, and I don’t want to be alone.”
“I can’t.” Dean responds cheekily.
“I’m afraid not. Your brother needs to hear from you.”
“You’re fuckin’ right I was. Bobby eventually got through to me at some point. Told me that I was different from them, and it wasn’t nice of me to point stuff out just because I knew about it.”
“The Earth is only 6,000 years old.”
, Dean hasn’t been to any of the gas stations that have cameras within twenty miles, and if his gas tank was as low as Cas says, then he would’ve needed to.
“Excellent.”
Dean thinks,
Dean swallows and nods. He has a stone in his stomach that doesn’t go away. He doesn’t eat much at dinner. Sammy talks to Dad, telling him about the school, but Dean stays largely silent. What if it was something he did? Is he failing already? Maybe his teacher figured out that he’s too dumb for third grade, and he has to go back and be in kindergarten like Sammy.
“What?” Dean gasps, “Where?”
Dean’s not sure. Even if there's a familiarity there, and it’s helpful to have a Guide nearby, he still needs to stand on his own.
Dean looks offended by that, but Cas has no idea what Sam means, except that he knows Dean loves Batman.
“No, Sam, he lost his license for touching children.”
. John
Dean’s also finally been allowed to drive again, and fortunately, there have been no issues with zoning while driving his baby. Thank god.
Dean lets himself be wrapped up in Castiel’s arms and kissed thoroughly. As Cas deepens the kiss, he pushes Dean backward into the wall, rolling his hips slightly to meet Dean’s where he’s starting to harden.
Castiel and Dean argue about what type of pet to get. For months.
Alastair turns at a loud noise that sounds like it’s coming from outside the room, and he turns to look at Dean, an expression on his face that you might see on a child who had his toys taken away.
“I know,” Dean concedes. Bobby’s gonna help him no matter what he says, so he might as well go with it. “So, how do we do this?”
“Okay. Then sleep, Dean. We can talk tomorrow.” He hesitates, before adding, “can I hold you?”
“Oh. I guess. They’re not too rowdy anyway.”
His sensory system seems to even out a little bit in the evening (an echo of the calm he can sometimes achieve through yoga, which is nice), and by the next day, it’s enough that Dean can actually be around people, but he’s still not feeling well. His stomach hurts all the time, and he can’t think about eating food. He does his best to drink quick protein shakes, but even those make him work hard to suppress his gag reflex. Coffee has never been an offensive flavor or smell to Dean before, and it’s only mildly offensive now, so he downs cups of it loaded up with cream and sugar.
“No,” Dean grumbles.
Fine Dean will ask. He’s an adult, he can ask these things. “What did Sam say?”
“Rufus, I told you,” he’s saying as they approach, “Ellen’s cutting you off after four whiskeys. You can have water or beer.”
“Gonna throw up, Bobby,”
“I’m coming the day after Christmas, just deal with it.”
“Cas?”
________________________
He sees him after that in the lecture hall where Dean has Endocrinology. It turns out that the class Castiel is assisting is directly before Dean’s, and so there’s a 30-minute window where they can talk every single Thursday.
It’s his building.
During the night, Castiel gets up twice. Once to use the bathroom himself, and once to check in on Yasha. She’s awake, and her little curly tail is flopping back and forth in a wag when she sees him, and she gives an excited whine.
“Fine by me. And yeah, I’ll come. You sure you’re up for it, though? Looks to me like you need a rest, not a party.”
“Where are you guys?” Charlie’s voice sounds from the entry.
“Pick you up! Cassie, I thought you said this wasn’t a —” Castiel ends the call with a shake of his head and a fond smile. Gabriel is exasperating, but he truly is preferable to Michael.
“I live here.”
, taking the blame for all the times we had to pick up and move, but we both know it was
The cashier narrows his eyes. “How much for fuck?”
While Dean prepares his order, the guy must have spotted his thick textbook laying on the counter near the register.
“It’s nothing scientific.”
--------
“Dean!” Dean wasn’t clumsy! He’s seen Dean climb a ten-foot fence and land flawlessly on the ground after jumping from near the top. Sam almost sprained his ankle trying to get over that fence, and he definitely scraped his hands.
And when he doesn’t get a reply within an hour, he texts Sam.
He stands, and Cas’ hand falls away from his knee. “I’ll join you in a few minutes, okay? I want to clean up in here a little.”
Sam hums in consideration, and then asks, “What do you mean? If it’s approved and everything—”
Castiel has never thought of himself as a particularly strong Guide. How could he be? He was raised in a household with what he now realizes was not good emotional health. He was taught that crying is for girls, and for the weak. He was taught to be stoic, to not show how he’s feeling, though he was feeling
“You didn’t want anyone to worry, huh? Guess what? Everyone’s worried, boy. Dammit, I knew somethin’ was up at that barbecue.”
“Dean?” Crap, but of course he did anyway.
, and I refuse to ruin that.”
, god, obviously,” everyone in Dean’s life knows, and Cas doesn’t have that many friends, but they all know, too. He’s hung out with Gabe and Kali, and Balthazar once or twice since the “passing out in front of his class” thing. He and Meg usually snark at each other, though Cas smiles inexplicably when Meg calls him “Ken-doll” and he calls her “Hellspawn”. He seems to think they’re friends.
“He’s the FBI agent who found you.”
He concentrates on his breathing and leans against the wall while he fumbles his phone out of his pocket. He needs to get away, and he needs a car to do that--
Dean thinks about this. Will he try?
________________________
Dean squirms. “I know it’s not great, but it works.”
“You were going to ask--!”
“Dean, I need you to try to stay awake for me.” Dean nods slightly, visibly making an effort to focus on Castiel. “Do you know how long you’ve been taking the higher dose?” Dean gives another slight nod and then points weakly at Castiel, who stares back, nonplussed. “Dean?”
“Yasha.” Holy shit, he got his way.
How did Castiel never notice this? “Where?”
“Yeah. S’good work. My shoulders hurt though.”
Also, she likes mustard on her pretzels, just like her Papa. Cas is ridiculously proud of their daughter’s eating habits. She’s the least picky eater Dean’s ever heard of, thanks to some book Cas read about encouraging diverse eating habits, and now she’s the only three-year-old he knows who likes chicken nuggets, but also risotto and baba ganoush. When they go out to eat, Cas gladly orders off the adult menu for her though the majority of it ends up in a takeout box; not even his daughter has
“Uh, I didn’t realize it until he said something, but I guess I had seen him before. Didn’t know his name, though.”
“I’m not an idiot.”
“He’d want me to move to Palo Alto.”
“Hey, brother.”
“Nah, I’m not overwhelmed. If I’m not back in ten minutes then you can look for me, dude.”
At least once a week, one of the following happens:
He’s returned to work at Bobby’s and at Recoult. He often appreciates having the counter between him and the customers at Recoult, and Bobby lets him minimize the amount of time he has to spend talking to people. Dean continues to feel a little twitchy, and sometimes he has a hard time using his words. He’s stopped working for Ellen, who told him off when he tried to come back.
“We could buy Claritin.”
Dean absently rubs at the old burn on his forearm. John had held his arm to their glass top stove until Dean screamed.
“I already did. You’ve got two on each floor.”
That’s true enough. John taught those boys never to show any weakness, didn’t even want them admitting when they were sick. Bobby wishes he’d done something about it sooner, wishes he’d done more research on that fucking psychiatrist John took Dean to before it was too late. And Dean clams right up if you ask him about his doctor’s appointments.
Dean nods, his mind still turning over the question. Why was he different?
He’s not sure where he’ll be going, but he wants it to be with Dean.
“I don’t believe pancakes should be relegated to a certain time of day, they’re far too delicious for that,” Castiel smiles softly in Dean’s general direction, and Dean feels the corners of his mouth begin to turn up in a smile in response.
Sam heads out with one last worried glance at Dean. Dean knows that Sam isn’t going to drop his line of questioning, but he’s fine. He’s
“Go with him?”
“There’s an extra bedroom, isn’t there?”
“I don’t want her to be lonely, Dean,” Cas says, in that serious voice again. Dean can’t help but quirk a small smile at his boyfriend’s care. This puppy is going to be treated better than some humans, he can already tell.
“Where?”
“I have my own!”
“Hey,” he greets, toeing off his shoes.
“What? Sam, no. Hang out with your girlfriend.”
A cold feeling of dread begins spreading through Dean’s chest, expanding slowly outward and causing him to take faster, shallower breaths while he considers Cas’s confusion. He doesn’t know? He doesn’t understand? How does Dean explain something that is so central to his understanding of the universe? It’s simple, and he’s never had to explain it to someone before because everyone else he’s been with figured it out on their own. Dean destroys; Dean doesn’t get what he wants. Dean is bad.
Castiel watches them, amused. For all that Dean says they haven’t spent a lot of time together physically, they’re obviously very close friends. They don’t have much time to talk as the brunch crowd rushes around them, but Castiel pulls out his e-reader and opens up the file for the book he had started the other day. Charlie and Dean stop by to refill his mimosa and coffee, and Dean brings him his honey and cheese crepe, but it’s not until the restaurant has mostly emptied that they get to talk for longer.
“Well, I think it’s time us old folks headed home.” Ellen stands with him, the perceptive woman that she is, she probably knows exactly what he’s up to. Jo decides to share a Lyft back home with her mom, Benny and Andrea take Elizabeth home. Charlie is getting a ride with Sam and Jess. Bobby catches Sam on his way out, pulling him into a hug and clapping him on the back.
“Woah,” he attempts to steady himself on his feet, grabbing at the table behind him, anything, but black spots are swimming in front of his eyes; this feels different from a zone, this feels wrong, and weird, and he doesn’t even know where his feet are, much less the ground. He finds it a second later when his knees buckle. He hits his head on something solid and registers the jarring bounce, but can’t really feel now, what his mind tells him is going to hurt later.
Recently, Gabriel told Castiel about his classes at Culinary School, and about how his roommate performs in drag shows as a hobby.
“What do you mean?”
“Positive. It was almost out of gas, and he hasn’t been to any nearby gas stations, he hasn’t used his card. The van hasn’t been on any traffic cameras in the last 12 hours.”
“Did you eat?”
He looks back at his time in high school as if he is watching it in a movie. His friend Charlie tells him things that happened, and he sort of remembers them, but not with any real clarity. But hey, the doctor had said he was fine, and so he is. He’s fine. He doesn’t even see a psychiatrist anymore. He’s
He watches Dean’s expression, sees the panic start creeping in with every joke about how Dean and Cas stare at each other.
“Should’ve gotten paid upfront, fag.” He must see Dean’s intention to fight back, so he throws a sucker punch into Dean’s left cheek, and a second one to his stomach. “Don’t even try, whore. If you’re a good boy, I might even send a couple more guys your way, how about that?”
“Not if I can’t get it to work.”
“I think they were horrified to learn that not only had I chosen not to go to a Christian university to study the Bible and Theology, but I had also chosen to study biology, and learned about the evolution of organisms. When I told them I was gay, that was the very last straw.”
“I’m not sick, I promise. I just haven’t felt great, so I haven’t really eaten much, and I realized I was really dehydrated, so I’ve been trying to drink water, but then I was also having a hard time sleeping, and I barely got any work done on my thesis. Tried to go to yoga, but Benny sent me home.”
“Mmm. Can hardly believe it. What do you want for dinner?”
“Dean?”
The next time he wakes up, it’s to voices talking quietly in the room.
“What did Balthazar tell you about me?”
“I’m sure you could think of something.” Dean thinks
Guys aren’t adorable.
As long as he’s awake, Castiel figures he might as well be productive. Gearing up for a caffeine-fueled day, he packs his bag with some study materials and his computer and headed out to Recoult. If Dean’s there studying, maybe he wants a buddy. It’s three in the morning, but Cas is wide awake.
Dean shrugs. “Believe what you want.”
“Arugula seems to be taking to Dean quite well,” Cas says again, in his serious voice. Dean can tell it’s masking his nerves a little, but Cas has already relaxed some, seeing Dean interact with the dog. Did Cas really think Dean wouldn’t like a puppy?
“Bobby basically tore them a new one in his last lecture,” Dean tells him, lighting up as he remembers the stories his students shared of the terrifying look on Bobby’s face when he warned them that willfully breaking the rules he set in place for the safety of his faculty would have a zero-tolerance policy. Cas thinks Dean is beautiful when he laughs, he wants to make him laugh more. “I have no fuckin’ clue how he thinks we’ll enforce it, but they were pretty good about it. It got too loud a couple of times, mostly because I think they forget that I can hear every fucking thing they do. I called one kid out for listening to music on his headphones, and the kid next to him whispered, ‘Dude I couldn’t even hear your headphones,’ and I almost laughed my ass off. Sentinel hearing has its downsides, man, but when you’re teaching it’s like a gift.”
Castiel can’t say anything. He thinks he might in shock, or the relief is so strong he can’t piece any words together. Either way, he sits back while Sam fusses over Dean. Dean is mumbling, and Cas doesn’t piece together the words, but he does hear his own name.
“Meg and Balthazar? Really?”
Dean’s pulse quickens slightly at Cas’s words. What kind of wondering comment could Cas have? Is he finally going to ask why Dean doesn’t want a Guide? He knows Cas has been wondering, but he’s never really asked? Wondering at his instinct to run away when they first met—admittedly, most Sentinels would not react like that, Dean knows he’s fucked up. Is he starting to wonder at how Dean of all people, the idiot brother, ended up in a doctoral program? Dad always did, either ignored it when Dean did well in school or just seemed surprised during their infrequent phone calls to hear Dean didn’t flunk out of college, had actually told him in high school it would be better if he just dropped out and worked at Caleb’s garage, supported the family?
“Look at the bed.”
Dean grins. Cas had been so worried about his defense, but Dean knew he was going to rock it. He sends back an affirmative with some celebratory emojis, and stops in his tracks.
“I’m just, I need to get in control, and I can’t do that with you being all quiet when nothing else is quiet!” He pales a bit after he says it, and Castiel thinks he knows what he means. Dean’s world is loud, after all.
In a zone.
“Quiet? It’s a class, man. We talk.”
“Spot?”
“That’s okay.”
. What the hell was that?
“I know!”
“Mother is crying, Father wants to send me to conversion therapy.”
Dean meets Dr. Pamela Barnes, who comes into his hospital room without introducing herself while he’s coincidentally brooding about with no damn privacy for even longer, and the second she opens the door to his room he jolts in his bed, his lack of privacy in the hospital confirmed even further by this unknown random Sentinel walking into his room without even knocking. She leans casually against the wall just inside of the doorway and grins at Dean in his bed, which sets Dean off.
“Jesus. I’m so glad to see you.”
“Where to?”
“I would strongly advise it. I also strongly advise that you stop taking Sensinull.”
“Have you even left this room today? Have you been sleeping?”
Dean looks up at Bobby, confused. “Huh?”
That’s where the ceiling and its fan come in. Though he goes through great pains to make sure his home isn’t terribly stimulating for him, his bedroom is one of the few places in his world that is truly neutral. Everything is painted and colored in shades of gray and white, with soft neutral accents and Dean truly feels like he can reset here. Mostly. On days when he feels like he’s going to shake apart with the stress of so much
Sat in alphabetical order by last name for the purposes of evaluation, Dean and Cas were not seated anywhere near each other. So, when they both bust out laughing, their professor was not amused, and assumed they were texting under their desks.
“I don’t mean it’s too hard for me. It’s too hard for him. I know he can get through this, but I don’t think he knows that he can get through this. He’s doing better, physically. He can walk around, his headaches come less frequently. His shoulders still get sore, and he’s still got healing burns. But truly, he could go back to living the way he was if I wasn’t afraid for him.”
What was it Bobby said?
“You got any words of wisdom here, doc? What should I do?” Dean forces himself to paste on a smile, give Cas a wink. Anything to ease the tension he’s feeling. It must work a little bit because Cas's frown twitches into something approximating a smile.
This is always the difficult part for those who are not Sentinels or Guides to understand. Why take a medication with such dire consequences if you get it wrong?
Azazel Gelbman. The man’s name had been mentioned often during Alastair White’s trial, having been the general physician for many of the children Alastair preyed on, but there was never anything concrete on him that was ever brought forward, as far as he knows. He knew the man was practicing still, but he hadn’t ever encountered one of the man’s patients. There were rumors, of course, that Gelbman was one of those who prescribed Oxycontin like candy, that if you needed a doctor to overlook certain conditions or sign a waiver without a visit, Gelbman was the one to call. But they were all rumors, nothing substantiated. Castiel met the man himself once at a pharmaceutical dinner, and it’s safe to say that Gelbman is everything Castiel hates in a doctor. All Castiel could do was have him removed from their list of suggested medical providers in the area. And to find out that Dean is his patient?
Christmas is uneventful, other than Bobby rolling his eyes at the two of them cuddled up on the couch under the same blanket. They find an excuse to be touching, whether it’s Cas standing behind Dean at the stove, Dean leaning against Cas’ legs as he passes out gifts from under the tree, or their ankles hooked together under the kitchen table as they eat their breakfast and drink their coffee.
“Answer it, idjit. Cas, come on, I wanna show you some of these books I found back when Dean started takin’ those biology classes.” his voice trails off, and Dean puts the phone up to his ear.
“I worried about you. I still worry about you.”
He then carefully counts out five peanuts and throws them at Castiel.
“You were pretty badass, dude—” Dean never gets to finish what he’s saying because Cas shoves his stool back and launches himself at Dean, who laughs into Cas's mouth at the reaction. A moment later, Cas's tongue presses in and Dean forgets to laugh.
He hears Cas suck in a quick, shocked breath. “You didn’t kill anyone, Dean.”
“Cut my ankle.” Well, it’s not a lie.
name is Yasha, and you may pet her, if you’d like,” because they’re working very hard on socializing their puppy, thank you very much.
“Good. Give your brother the phone.”
Dean startles, but he doesn’t push Cas away when Cas pulls Dean’s body close to his own, his arms wrapped tightly around the Sentinel. His intuition tells him that Dean is surprised, but he’s not angry, and in fact, Dean is melting into the hug. His body relaxes under Cas's touch, and his arms wrap up Cas in return. They stand, hugging, for what feels like an eternity, their breathing in sync, heads tucked into each others’ necks.
“It looks like you use some kind of razor or knife to cut yourself in sensitive but hidden areas. It also looks like you’ve used some kind of heat—a lighter or matches if I had to guess— to burn yourself, though a few older ones look like cigarette burns. It looks like you’ve treated your injuries fairly well, I’ll give you that. Tell me if I’m wrong.”
“Yeah, well. Being a Sentinel isn’t really a picnic, most of the time,” Dean says into the quiet of the room. He begins to gather the detritus of their movie night that’s spread across the coffee table. “Here, I’ll help you clean up. The least I could do, for letting us use your projector. It really is great, Cas.”
“No, I don’t.”
“Oh. Sorry. I uh, walked over to Cas’, because he had just finished defending his dissertation and I was going to stay the night,” he could feel his cheeks turn a little pink, but he continues, “Cas was gonna help me study for my--” he gasps.
Lots of small things helped, of course. There were no more fires (though Dean had a hard time believing that it was really true), Sam had moved closer with his fiance, Jessica. Cas was working as an associate professor at the university and was able to teach and work part-time in the university lab. Dean completed his courses for his Emergency Medical Technician certification and was working towards his full-fledged Paramedic certification. It had been three years since the whole disaster, and though Dean sometimes had difficulty when his team was called to a fire, he felt like he was finally making a difference, and helping enough people that he felt like he almost deserved the good life he currently had.
“... and Dean has this week off of the cafe, even though he’s still going to be working at the bar in the evenings this week. So we’re staying out here, rather than in the city.”
“A guy can dream. Where are you going?”
“Nah, someone’s gotta take care of Dad.”
“Too hard?”
He’s on his way to a meeting with Bobby. They meet periodically in an official capacity, even though Dean sees him pretty regularly outside of school. They have to have a certain amount of hours down on paper as official time working on Dean’s thesis.
Yeah, Dean can see that. He’s a perfectionist, insists on the best treatment for Dean possible. Balthazar wants the best for every case he works, and he’s not afraid to fight The Man to get it. Dean respects that.
________________________
“Do you think it’s working?”
“Dog.”
It stings, but it’s not entirely unexpected, and so he can’t stop himself demanding a reason, hoping that Dean will let him in this time. He was ready to be just friends with Dean, but now that’s being taken from him, too. “Why not? Why not, if we both want that?”
“Yes, sir,” Dean responds quietly. John sees his throat move as he swallows. He looks ashamed. Good.
“I’m not confused, Mother. I’m gay and I’m going to study biology in California.”
“Cas, you only want to help because you’re a Guide.” The look on Dean’s face is some strange mixture of anger and exasperation, and he can’t quite get a read on what exactly makes Dean think that. It’s very reductive to Cas. He’s not
“I know!”
________________________
“Uh, thanks.”
“Do you have your breath back now?”
“Dean, you needed a suit.”
“Tell me about it. He basically kicked my ass and then told me that I needed to toughen up. When I told him I still like girls, he was all ‘just like girls then, Dean, Jesus Christ. You’re not a fag,’”
Dean chuckles and ruffles his brother’s mop of hair. The kid needs a haircut pretty soon or else he’s not going to be able to see past his bangs. “Yeah, you’ll be teaching me in no time, kiddo. Got your backpack?”
He gets an annoyed look, and corrects his brother, “it’s
“You can be Mr. Grouchy Pants anytime. Besides, you’re not 100. This isn’t even that late”
Dean nods. Cas wouldn’t even let Sam bitch about Dean’s medication to him, not after he realized private information was being shared.
“You were in no state to take advantage of me,” Castiel explains in the calmest voice he can muster, though he knows his forehead is furrowed in confusion.
Yes you are
“Nuthin’. S’my fault. I’m fine.”
“No, not this time. Thanks, Castiel,” Sam checks his watch, and then his phone, appearing to shake himself from his thoughts. “Hey, did you have dinner plans tonight?” He looks up from his phone to Castiel, an open expression on his face, the earlier concern cleared, put away, to be thought of another day.
Bobby nods sadly, and the three of them settle in to wait.
“No, it’s alright,” they might as well hear it from him. “I, uh. I left work after my shift--”
“When was this?”
“You’re gay?”
Bobby surprises him yet again. “Good. I’d’ve forged John’s signature if you didn’t sign. Sam wants to go to school, he should go to school.”
. Social and well-behaved.
“Bobby, shut up,” Dean’s back is to Castiel, but his ears are bright red as he heads into the kitchen, presumably to check on the food that he can smell cooking, which makes Castiel smile.
Dean plans the next date. He plans to take Castiel to the Cheese School. He went back and forth for a few days between the pizza-making course and the burrata cheese course, but eventually went with pizza. It was held in the evenings, and an evening of drinking wine and eating pizza with Cas sounded just about perfect.
“Are you supposed to be doing this on that medication?” Charlie’s been with him since before he started taking Sensinull, helped him look up all the side effects and stuff. She hates that he has to rely on it to let him live his life. Dean deserves better.
“Yes. He taught my Introduction to Biology course back when I was a freshman. I’m well-versed in his ‘surprise’ quizzes,” the guy actually uses air quotes. Adorable
“Yep.”
“Where were you working?”
Sam rolls his eyes and launches into the traditional argument. “I always know what you mean. Just be safe, okay? I don’t want to patch you up yet again because the girl had a boyfriend.”
“I love you.”
“How’s he doing?”
“I knew there was going to be a quiz.”
“Wait,
. Dean feels the hot tears falling from his eyes, but brings himself to ask, “why would they think that?”
“A little ahead of schedule, though.”
Charlie comes over one evening and yells at him about ignoring Cas, tries to get him to
Benny can’t make it tonight, something about Andrea telling him they needed a date night, and then they needed a babysitter for Elizabeth, and Sam and Jess volunteered. Dean’s still kind of pissed at Sam, anyway. So it’s just him, Charlie, and Cas.
“Yeah, she got one of those Lyft things to pick her up.” He looks over at Dean. “What do you think of the van?”
Henrickson isn’t able to get into contact with John Winchester, but he leaves a voicemail insisting that he call back.
As Dean gets older, Dad leaves for longer and longer trucking jobs. He says he makes more if he takes the longer hauls, but Dean never sees a dime of it. Dad’s been gone for 19 days, and Dean’s down to 37 cents.
“I’m takin’ over the class for the time being, but I’m countin’ on you bein’ back pretty soon. You let me know what the doctor says, and you do what he says. Don’t make me sic Ellen on you.”
When Cas confesses that he doesn’t really remember how his system works, Charlie rolls her eyes and gets to work. “I might have to leave a little early,” She tells them, as she pokes around to set up the projector.
He’s also the one who gave Castiel his first non-objectionable nickname almost immediately, and now when he says it there’s a fond undertone that Castiel—Cas—simply basks in. Dean is proud as a parent of Sam’s many accomplishments. He constantly goes out of his way to help his friends, as evidenced by the dozens of stories that have been hinted at, like Dean digging Charlie’s house out of a blizzard when she was snowed in, Dean helping Benny re-build his old truck when it gave up on him and he didn’t have the money to fix it, Dean driving Sam to and from work every day for a month when Jessica needed the car and Sam wouldn’t admit they needed a second one. Dean bringing soup when someone’s sick, Dean buying drinks, Dean giving a hug despite clear discomfort on his part, Dean, Dean, Dean.
“It’s just a baby! You can’t put it outside, what if a bird gets it?”
“Cas.” Dean watches Cas. Cas looks at Dean.
“Hey. I was gonna get in the shower. Join me?”
“Charlie! You did a background check?”
And Sam. Dean hurt Sam, even though he only ever wanted to protect him. He abandoned Sam to make a life
“You’re wearing burgundy.”
They begin the process of heading out the door and securing the puppy into her crate in the car. Amy says goodbye to her and tells them to call if they ever have any questions, since she knows they’re first time dog owners. “Shiba inus are a strange breed, even for people experienced with dogs.” At their raised eyebrows, she smirks a bit and says, “you’ll see.”
“Cas, she’s ringing the damn bells again!”
“Then you’re delusional. Fuck, I’m a damn mess. Why would you want this?”
“Agent Henrickson would also like to talk to you,” Sam adds. “Do you feel comfortable with him coming by today?”
“What can I say, Sammy? Those guys don’t like it when a sixteen-year-old kicks their asses at pool.”
“... is he right?”
Dean closes his eyes and drifts off.
He stays physically connected to the Sentinel while he watches the blood test result in a positive. Toxicity present for Sensinull.
“Who said I was afraid?”
A sucking kiss on his neck. One on his left shoulder. A series of smaller kisses across his chest, before Cas makes his way down his abdomen and finds himself at the edge of Dean’s underwear. He looks up at Dean for consent, and when Dean nods, Cas hooks his fingers in the waistband and rids Dean of his underwear.
“Ion doesn’t care for you traditional gender roles, Dean.”*
“Sure. But then our apartment building, in St. Louis?”
The men and women in scrubs bustle her onto the gurney, and someone’s already waiting with another blood test. They check it and then someone jabs her in the thigh with what Cas explains is glucagon, and they take her into the hospital. Dean and Cas stand there for a moment staring after her until Cas turns to him and gives him a hug.
“Did we just get a weekend to do nothing?”
Dean’s entire brain rebels against seeing a shrink. His dad trained him his entire life to believe that men take care of their own shit. He squeezes his eyes shut once more, completely drained. He doesn’t want to feel like this. But he can’t even imagine feeling another way. It’s hopeless, and he tells Cas so.
Dean stares at him, uncomprehending, but he says, “Okay,” like maybe it’s a trick.
“What?”
“And what were you working on in the office, Pops?”
“You’re gonna be great, Sam. Work hard, get good grades, and don’t forget to call your big brother once in a while, okay?” He feels his throat get tight, and he digs in his pocket for the money.
worried about you,” Charlie admits, the confession feeling heavy in the air. She knows Dean is going to brush it off, but she has to try.
There’s something in Dean’s voice, and in those words—
Sam will be staying overnight. He’s getting his things from the restaurant, and once he’s back, Gabriel is going to make Castiel come back with him and sleep. He doesn’t want to sleep. He wants Dean to wake up.
More rustling sheets, and then, “‘night, D.”
pout. “You’re supposed to love me the most.”
“What is it you’re studying?”
“Is he okay?”
“No, Castiel. No. You’re not-- you’re not gay, you’re confused--”
It was as lonely as it was exhilarating, however, and Dean thought
“You’re going to use the money Aunt Amara left you and rent a cheap motel room for the next few weeks. You’re going to finish high school, graduate, and then you’re going to move out here and stay with me until school starts. I have most of your shit that couldn’t be packed anyway, right?”
As if on cue, the door opens, and Dean steps warily into the room.
“Dean is being a fucking moron,” Sam fumes, “it’s like he doesn’t give a shit what happens to everyone else, how everyone else feels watching him go through all this shit, and he
Dean blows out a breath. “Yessir,” A long pause, then Dean asks, “when are you coming home?”
“I’ll get his levels and I’ll call one—”
“That’s not a moon! It’s right there in the script!”
“They’re your books!”
“When I feel your emotions, they’re less… cloudy. Closer to what I imagine it was like when we first met, though we never got this close then, so it’s difficult to say. It was much easier to reach you during your last zone than it had been in the hospital. After you increased your dosage it was difficult to reach you outside of a strong emotion.”
“There won’t be any bonding, Sammy,” Dean grits out through a clenched jaw, walking through the doorway after them, and Castiel can practically taste the tension and a hint of what seems like fear rolling off of Dean, even though his voice sounds casual and sarcastic. He stops a small noise of protest from coming out of his throat, even though those words feel like a sucker punch. That’s
Dean shifts uncomfortably, and mumbles, “just told him Dad and me got into a fight.”
“Tell ‘em I got into a fight, Bobby. Don’ wanna get dad in trouble, it was m’own fault,” Dean is begging, stumbling as Bobby helps him out to the truck. Damn kid always protects his family, even when his family doesn’t deserve it, and it pisses Bobby right off.
Alastair was a specialist, too. Dean feels a lurch in his stomach that has nothing to do with today’s lunch.
“I believe Charlie was telling me that she looked me up.”
Dean continues to avoid her gaze, picking at one of the cuticles on his right hand. “No. I don’t think so.”
Dean doesn’t let Cas’s touch linger. They’ve kissed, but only a little. Small pecks, nothing more than that first kiss which was mind-blowing for a kiss without even using tongues, Jesus, fuck, but Dean won’t allow for more of that, and he can tell Cas is a little frustrated; every time Dean moves away from him, Dean’s sure it’s another tick in the “Dean Is Too Much Work” column. Dean allows for hand-holding because he can’t always say he’s feeling it too much to get out of it and spare Cas’s feelings, and Cas is probably trying to spare Dean’s feelings anyway. He’s nice like that.
He pulls Dean up out of the chair. Dean can only lean against Alastair, who’s holding him up by his shoulders, which are still held behind him in what Dean guesses are probably metal handcuffs. His vision continually tunnels in and out, until a loud BANG and the door to the room holding him and Alastair slams open, and half a dozen people in dark clothes swarm the room. They’re all holding guns.
so overwhelming!
“You keep saying you don’t want to Bond.”
He was baffled when he found that neither of them even owned a cell phone.
“I know.” He looks toward Sam, who’s staring at the ground, sniffling suspiciously. Dean’s in no mood to comfort his little brother but still checks in. “You okay, Sam?”
“You’re gonna take my big load, aren’t you? Your lips are made for sucking cock, god
, Dean thinks,
Dean glares at Cas. Cas glares at Dean.
“Do you even know what ghosting is?”
“I’m alright.”
“So this is the famous Cas, huh? Dean never shuts up about you,” Bobby is gruff, but Castiel can see kindness in his eyes. From what he’s heard of Bobby from Dean, the man comes across as ornery, but Castiel is not to be fooled (
He feels less like a liability, and more like a person.
They climb back into the car, but Sam can’t keep his thoughts in order. How many times had Dad hit Dean? Why didn’t Dean ever say anything? He’s angry, and he doesn’t know if he’s angrier at his dad or his brother, or maybe himself.
“Uh, sorry, Ellen. Guess it got away from me. I didn’t even know Dean was working here until today. Thought he was still with dad.”
“You’ll thank me at the end of the night when you can still walk,” she pats Sam on the shoulder, bringing him in for a hug, “Sam! It’s been an awfully long time since I heard from you. What, they don’t make phones in Palo Alto now?”
“Well, I’d like to stay away from any that have an excess of grain. High protein and fish are preferred, though according to my research it’s best to give your cat a variety of both dry and wet foods…”
“The bells won’t be an effective training tool if we don’t take her out each time she rings them.”
“Sounds nice.”
, John thinks, as he weaves his way home. No matter how long John spends out on the road, driving that fucking rig to provide for his family, Dean thinks he’s above it, doesn’t he? Does he think he should be allowed to go out and abandon his brother?
The sun’s about gone down now, and Dean gets up, says something to Castiel that makes him nod and then smile, and heads towards the house. He’s going to have to walk past Bobby, and Bobby can’t resist giving Dean The Look. The Look is something he’s perfected over the years. It means something like, “Are you being an idiot,” while also meaning something like, “I love you, but you’re stupid,” and also, “you might be in trouble.”
And they still play the question game. Last time it ended, it was Cas’ turn. And tonight, they’re at Dean’s house.
. No one can see color except this old guy and this kid, and they all take medicine that makes them boring, except for the old guy and the kid. And there’s this weird thing where they all have to wear the same clothes and eat the same food. That’s sad. I’d be mad if I couldn’t eat cheeseburgers,” he squirms a bit, scuffs his shoes in the dirt that’s peeking through the scruffy grass this close to the little fence. This is a long time to talk to a grown-up, but he doesn’t want to be rude. Dad says you should always be polite to teachers. “Can I go play now?”
“Correct. What I want to know is what symptoms you’ve experienced that lead you to think you’re about to zone, and tell you to hurt yourself.”
“He’s going to tell me if dad hit him.”
Dean pulls his textbook of the night (Endocrinology) over to the counter with him, and reads in between serving customers. Most people are after simple snacks that are already made up, along with coffee or beer and wine, and he only has to tell one person that the chef will be back in a few minutes, if he doesn’t mind waiting. Fortunately, he doesn’t mind taking his red wine and waiting, as long as he’s first in line when Benny comes back.
“All done. Should last through the weekend. I’ll tape ‘em again if they still hurt next week.”
“You call if you need anything.”
His dad looks skeptical, but responds simply, “we’ll see what they say on Monday, then.”
Okay yes I am
“Hey, that time it really was!”
“Shh, good boy, time to be quiet now. You’re doing so good, you’re always so good for me,” more oil, another finger, and Dean moans and whines, wants to get up onto his knees, but Cas is still sitting on his legs and he can’t move.
“Really. Can I—can I kiss you?”
“Alright, dog dad. We need a name for her.”
Each and every time they are together, even peripherally, he can tell that Dean isn’t getting better. It’s difficult for Castiel to block out what Dean is feeling, but he does it. Mostly. At the party in Dean’s backyard, he actually seemed if not
“It made me think of you. You love looking at the night sky, and well…”
“Sir! Please! My boyfriend--”
Benny just hums at him before heading to the front of the room to start class. Dean always likes Benny’s classes, he works them hard. He doesn’t slack on the stretches, but he leans more towards strength and balance, and that’s where Dean excels. Today though, Benny spends a suspiciously long time on leg stretches. He works them through a routine he says strengthens the lower body, especially hips, hamstrings, and feet. He advises them, while looking directly at Dean, that if they’re feeling any pain they should stop.
“I barely got to see you.”
Dean’s been taking a high dose of Sensinull for months. Dean doesn’t get regular blood work, and the medication has been building up toxicity within Dean, and if it reaches a certain point, Dean will experience symptoms of autonomic nervous system collapse and has almost certainly been experiencing dysfunction for some time.
“You okay?”
“Dean’s not awake, but they were able to take him off the ventilator,” Castiel doesn’t dare to hope what that means, but waits for Gabriel to continue. “Sasquatch says the doctors are seeing movement in his brain scans or whatever. They think he’s gonna wake up in the next few hours. Take a shower, and I’ll take you back to the hospital.”
He feels a tightening, low in his belly. His balls draw up slightly, and he comes with a loud moan, Cas fucking him all the way through it.
On these days, Dean’s insubstantial. He’s sure he’d disappear if he closed his eyes. Dr. Alastair always told him it was all in his head, another symptom of his malfunctioning system.
Sessions with Zachariah are frustrating at best, and traumatic at worst. During some sessions, the pastor shouts at him. During others, Zachariah attempted to guide him towards what he called an original “wounding”--sexual abuse that he had not experienced. His parents forced him to fast for days, to prepare for deliverance, which failed but left Castiel feeling weak and sick.
“Yeah. Turns out you were right to worry about the Sensinull, I guess. I was taking too much. It builds up, or somethin’. Turns out the dizzy spells and balance issues I’ve been havin’ were the side effects.”
“You said all those wonderful things about me, and you never let me tell you all the reasons I love you.”
Then again, it’s not like Dean has a lot to go on for how Guides are supposed to deal with their Sentinels. It’s highly romanticized on television shows—the sad, lonely Guide is rescued from all their feelings by the strong and intelligent Sentinel. It’s pretty much bullshit.
Even from a distance, Castiel can tell that Dean isn’t sleeping. Sleep is important, and doubly so for a Sentinel: it’s when they’re able to rest their overworked brains and heal from the stress of the previous day. Castiel has read studies where Sentinels were deprived of sleep, and their bodies began to shut down after only three days. They began to hallucinate far faster than their peers without the enhanced senses of a Sentinel. And Castiel is fairly certain that every Sentinel in those studies was bonded to a Guide.
It’s just weird.
“Oh, Dean.”
“What do you think of this one?” He asked, clearly trying to sound nonchalant, but Dean could tell he was already attached.
“They’ll love it. People just eat it up when it’s puppies, and the more dogs we can get adopted the better!”
“Endocrinology isn’t one of the lower-level courses. What’s your major?”
, anything to add friction, and then he moves his hand just so, taking hold of Dean’s erection in as much of a grip he can get while still clothed and strokes once, twice, and Dean shudders against him, his orgasm rippling through Castiel, just an echo, but it might as well be a shockwave to someone like Cas who’s never experienced this with a Sentinel, and never with someone he could feel this acutely, and a moment later his own orgasm brings forth a groan he’s never heard come from his own mouth. Dean is kissing him, but he’s barely kissing back, nearly insensate in the aftermath of what they just experienced, his breath warmly puffing against Dean’s cheek in hot little pants he thinks he’ll be embarrassed about later.
“We’ve got some more time left, but I think I’ve left you with enough to think about.”
“I’m serious.”
That’s insane. “What? No.”
Dean responds with the shadow of a smile. “You got it, Doc.”
“Dean, when are you going to realize that you deserve so much more than me?”
“Hear what?” Dean is eating peanuts and doing something on his phone. Castiel furrows his brow.
the fires? You mind telling me who you two are? You his dad?”
“Well. My kind of camping, anyway. Have you ever been to Joshua Tree?”
“Merlin’s balls, we’re getting a hundred cats, aren’t we?”
“Charlie? Like,
Dean wants a Bond. He wants it badly, but he doesn’t think he can have it. Cas should stay away until Dean can come to his own realizations with no influence from Cas, but he’s finding the very idea of staying away from his Sentinel turns his stomach.
Castiel gives him an exaggerated frown, and Dean wants to kiss it off his face. “Dean Winchester, I know you’re not going to start today off talking bad about my favorite person like that.”
. He’s doing his best not to pry, though he desperately wants to.
“Except Sammy was my job. I’m the one who looks out for him, and I fucked up this one night, finally ended up just passing the hell out, might’ve been when they were still trying to find the right dose of sedatives? Anyway, I fell asleep and 9-year-old Sam decided it was the perfect time to go on an adventure.
“The house is paid until Friday. Don’t come looking for me.”
“Does it bother you that I’m a Sentinel?” She asks, suddenly.
Why did Cas have to find him? Why did he zone in the first place? Why does Cas have to be so…
“Shh, go back to sleep.” Dean’s voice sounds tight to his own ears, so of course Cas can hear his distress.
Dean swirls around in his seat at his desk in his bedroom, thinking hard. He can hear Castiel typing away at his own computer at the desk in the living room, hard at work on his own term paper. Dean grimaces, listening. How much does Cas really have to say? That asshole probably has most of his paper written already, whereas Dean has… well, let’s just say he has less than half.
“Dean, please. I’ll be home in a few minutes. You and Frederick can wait for me, can’t you?”
“Got it.”
“I don’t have to be a Guide to know when you’re lying.”
“What about your other jobs?”
“Hey,” Dean gives one of his false grins. No way is he giving Sam any more ammunition this morning. Not after last weekend. Plus he’s too tired.
“Alright, down to business. Dean, I just want to make sure. You’re okay with both Castiel and your brother hearing your diagnoses, treatment, restrictions, all that jazz?”
“Yeah, you seem fine. Not at all like you’re having some kind of nervous breakdown in your backyard.” Dean laughs, which would be nicer to hear if it didn’t sound like he was on the verge of tears. “And you’re the least selfish person I know. You should be more selfish.”
“Go to sleep, Sammy.” His voice is hoarse.
“I leave this coming Sunday, and I’ll be back sometime Thursday evening.”
“I did,” Dean says, firmly.
“I will not talk about what I have or haven’t sensed from your brother. And I can’t believe you would ask me to,” he responds, firm, leveling a narrow-eyed stare at Sam, broadcasting that he’s crossed a line.
“Bye Benny.”
“I should’ve known.”
what his house had been missing all this time, just some
He fades out again.
They collapse on the bed, Cas draped over Dean, his cock softening inside of him, but he doesn’t pull out, not yet. Dean thinks Cas must have some kind of inkling of Dean’s kinks even though they haven’t talked about them.
He opens the back door, where Castiel is surprised to discover he’s got a whole storage system underneath the bed.
“We’ve decided that you may continue to live with us for the remainder of the school year, so long as you agree to meet with Pastor Zachariah three times per week. If your decision to disobey your family and go against our wishes continues after you graduate from high school, you will no longer be welcome in our home. You will be home every night for dinner unless you are with the Pastor. You will not go out with friends. Are we clear?”
Sam’s rapid-fire texting nearly sends Dean over the edge, and though it’s probably not a good idea, he can’t say no to his brother.
“I’m not saying anything. Please?”
Oh. Meg.
“Wouldn’t dream of it, sweetheart.”
“What was that?”
“Yeah, actually.”
--------
Cas’s sister, it turns out, lives three houses down from Dean. Dean actually thinks he’s seen her on his daily runs, often working in her front yard early in the morning as Dean passes by. All he knows about her is that she’s an early riser and is willing to wave at near-strangers.
“Yeah, I was trying to read a thing on my tablet, but glasses would be pretty handy, and I couldn’t find them anywhere, because
Predictably, Cas frowns at Dean’s criticism of himself but says nothing about it. “That sounds wonderful.”
“That’s the part I can’t figure out. Literally past that turn, there’s nothing down there but empty buildings. And none of them even have electricity.”
To Dean’s surprise, Cas gets in the back seat.
Cas is proud of Dean and tells him so when he watches him diligently fill out his journal for Balthazar and Pamela, but Dean brushes it off, tells him it makes him feel like a kid with a good report card.
Dean gives him a flat look. “It’s not. And duh, but I liked Amara and Lisa, too. But I don’t really wanna talk about that.”
“He’s the best.” Dean looks down at him with soft eyes, “I don’t think I would’ve made it through this semester without him. You know he brought me dinner when I was working on the yard for this old house down the road from the school? He saw me while he was riding by on his bicycle. He stopped to say hello, and when my stomach grumbled he figured out that I hadn’t had time to eat all day. He left and got me food, and even got the owner of the house on his side. Dude’s a menace.”
to do those things. They work. They help. They let him live his life. They’ve had this discussion countless times, Sam always showing up with the latest and greatest therapies to help hypersensitive Sentinels, and Dean rejecting them. There are no guarantees those will work, and Dean can’t change what he’s been doing for over ten years. Not now, when he can’t afford for things to go wrong. His dissertation (and his wallet) can’t afford a hiatus while he tries a new technique that may or may not work. No.
Cas opens the box and hands it over to Dean, who pulls it out and examines it. It’s a dark gray band, matte with what looks like tiny brush strokes all over it. The inside is a dark wood, and there’s a tiny “C & D” engraved on the inside. Dean looks up at Cas, who has a huge smile on his face.
Cas sits up onto his knees to take his shirt off over his head, and moves back to stand up and take off his pants and underwear in a single movement. Dean leans up at his elbows and watches as Cas unselfconsciously undresses while watching Dean. Dean knows he’s a good looking guy, that his physique is nothing to scoff at, but Cas is
They walk down the hallway, and Dean realizes he’s feeling more alert than he has in years, probably. There’s a flutter of anxiety that he’s about to be overwhelmed, the world is basically a barrage of sensory input after all, but it doesn’t happen. The anxiety doesn’t quite go away, a little fluttering moth in his stomach, but he allows himself to relax, just a little.
“No.”
“Um. Can I help you?”
“Seriously, I’m good. Go do lawyer things. Save the children, and all that.”
“I don’t have Guide senses and I still like you.”
“Did you just say a dink?”
“She sounds hot.”
“He’s managing them with that same old shit!” Sam turns to address Dean, “Why can’t you knock it off? You know it’s not going to work—”
“Uh. No. It was pretty late. He probably was at the bar.”
“You heard me, woman! Who cuts a man off of Johnny Walker? That ain’t right.”
Balthazar picks up where Pam left off. “Anxiety is a common trait in Sentinels. Feeling so much input naturally puts you on edge, so you’re predisposed to it already. We’re hoping that once we’re able to effectively treat your anxiety, the panic attacks will cease, and it will be far more difficult for your sensory system to overwhelm you.”
“Huh?”
“No, he needed to go work at the restaurant. It’s a good thing, though, his manners are atrocious.”
Dean eats a little bit, very carefully concentrating on the spoon so he doesn’t spill, mostly drinking it from the mug, and Sam makes him drink a whole glass of water, with three other filled water bottles sitting next to him that weren’t there before. Dean still doesn’t feel right, but he feels a little bit better. His mouth seems to work better, at least. Maybe it was just dry.
“No plans. In fact, I need to go to the grocery store, as otherwise, I’ll most likely end up eating buttered noodles… again.” Castiel isn’t a very good cook and tends to eat out, but tonight he thinks he’d rather not deal with a crowd at a restaurant or the hassle of takeout.
“What time did your shift end?”
“I dunno,” Dean fiddles a bit with the edge of his menu, “maybe a cup of tomato soup.”
“It’s not that, oh god. He found out, shit. Fuck, I’m so fucked.” He bounces his knee furiously, trying to distract himself from the rising nausea.
A few days after that, his nausea comes back. Dean finds himself unable to keep much of anything down, and in the interest of saving his tooth enamel from his stomach acid, he goes back to his mostly liquid diet. Cas is pissed when he finds out.
“I wasn’t expecting a van.”
He tries to open a rideshare app, but accidentally ends up hitting “accept” on a phone call from Cas.
They make out for a few minutes, and Dean works at the fly to Castiel’s pants so that he can get hold of Cas’ cock. He needs that cock in his mouth ten minutes ago. His hand grasps Castiel’s dick, which is almost all the way hard. He squeezes it gently and Cas groans into his mouth. Dean gives him a wicked smile and gets down on his knees, sandwiched between the cabinets at his back and Cas at his front. Cas is holding onto the counter in front of himself for dear life, eyes wide open and watching Dean settle himself onto the floor.
“He’s my—”
“Why not?”
“Yasha means ‘demon’ in Japanese.”
He knows that Cas doesn’t like that he sleeps on the couch sometimes, and sometimes Cas convinces him to share his bed. He reasons with Dean that the couch isn’t really long enough for Dean’s whole body to fit on it anyway, and the bed is big enough. Strictly platonic, of course, Dean tells himself. Cas isn’t interested in him that way, and besides, he’s not interested in Cas that way either.
“A lot of it has to do with maturity, but some of it is because you’ve got a stable Guide nearby,” Pam explains.
“How about just some tea for now? I have a feeling I’m going to need to caffeinate strongly tomorrow. No reason to start too early.”
“That means she needs to go out.”
“You always had some kind of bruise, or scrape. That one time you burned your arm? Or that time you cut your leg and you told me it was from scratching it on a nail in a fence--”
“I’m so sorry--” Dean begins, but Sam stands up abruptly and walks to the opposite side of the room. He paces back towards Dean, and he looks furious.
“Behind Benny’s. He let me plug into the electric to charge my battery.”
A voice whispers to him.
“Yeah, see ya.” Dean gives him a cheeky salute, which makes the corners of Benny’s mouth turn up, though he definitely tries to stop them. Benny shakes his head, and Dean grabs his bag on the way out to the Impala.
, Dean thinks to himself, and confesses, “probably because he hasn’t seen me in five years.”
Dean always felt a little bit uncomfortable when Castiel reminded him that money wasn’t much of a concern for him. He wasn’t a big spender, rarely spent over his modest salary from the university, but every so often he would do something, like buy Dean a two thousand dollar sharkskin weave Zegna suit, and Dean was reminded that his boyfriend had some serious money in his account. Castiel had, at the same time as purchasing Dean’s suit, bought himself a suit that cost almost twice what Dean’s did, from a designer that Dean had never heard of. Something Italian sounding.
Dean stops.
Lips, teeth, tongue, there’s nothing held back. Dean’s tongue slips into Cas's mouth, and Cas sucks joyfully, kissing back eagerly, sharing ragged breaths that separate them for moments, but they come back together again and again, and Cas realizes that he’s walked Dean backward, pushed him up against the wall.
“Did I say I was actually going to dock his pay?” Benny winks at Castiel, and he’s glad Dean has Benny looking out for him.
“I’m always okay. Go back to sleep.”
“I know you know, but we’re s’posed to be early because it’s your first day!”
“No. I mean, yes, it’s small. And it’s not at all what I would expect the inside of a van to look like. It’s like a tiny apartment in here.”
“I’m always okay, Sam,” he looks over at the clock, “you want me to take you to the bus station?”
“I’m not angry with you!”
He likes girls. He likes their curves, how soft they can be. He loves their wetness when they’re aroused and ready for him. He likes the way they taste, and he likes the way their hair feels when he’s holding onto it during a blowjob. He’s usually stronger than them, so he can lift them and move them how he wants when they’re together. They make him feel strong. Women are soft, and pretty, and he loves them.
She shows them into a room that has a very strong animal smell, and walks over to a large pen in the corner from which small yips and scratching noises can be heard, motioning them to follow her.
The other thing that happens is they get asked “is that a miniature husky?” And once they’re told no, she’s a shiba inu, the reaction is almost always: “oh, one of those designer breeds,” and it
“You wanna go out?”
“Pretty sure that’s not going to be a problem while Dad’s gone, Sammy. But thanks.”
Dean rubs a hand down his face. Cas looks perplexed at Dean’s reticence to have his little brother that Dean brags about non-stop visit. He really wants Sam and Cas to meet. “Fine. See you then, bitch.”
Cas pushes his finger into Dean’s hole. It hurts a very little bit (water is not very good lube, after all), but Dean likes it. He moans again, and says “Cas, I’m gonna come,” but Cas just swallows him down even further and pushes his finger in and out until Dean comes down his throat.
“Did you enjoy your time away from the fires, Deano?” A man comes into view. He’s tall, pale, and has a beard. The sleeves of his pale shirt are rolled up to his elbows, and he’s holding a long knife. Dean swallows.
Bitch, I have friends everywhere
The feeling of Dean’s unease and discomfort inches across Castiel’s skin, and though the urge to reach out and soothe pesters him, he ignores it and attempts to plead his case to Dean. Being brushed off like this feels distinctly wrong.
“I saw you. November first, twenty-one years ago, now. You were on the playground with your mother and your little brother--so sweet. I knew I had to get you away from her, though. She was too soft, her presence would have messed up my whole plan. So I got rid of her.”
Castiel however, is a trauma surgeon. He doesn’t possess great people skills. His siblings tease him about being a robot. He’s entirely capable of staying calm and decisive in highly emotional situations.  Where many Guides would excel with a Sentinel to focus on in those moments, Castiel is an expert on taking his own feelings away and assessing a situation with cold logic. it’s what makes him good in a courtroom, and why he’s often called to testify.
“I guess. I mean, I usually keep going anyway.”
purpose
“A beer, I guess. You’re a pain in the ass, Winchester.”
“That time.” And Dean realizes that he might as well have just confessed.
“Dean had called me, all slurrin’ his words and talkin’ about how you left, Sam. He seemed in a bad way, and when he told me John left too, and then he tried to convince me to just leave him there, I grabbed my bags and drove up there.” Dean’s staring at the floor, wishing it would open up and swallow him whole. Why does Bobby think everyone needs to know this shit? It’s fucking embarrassing. But he keeps talking.
“At first, I did. But, uh. I’m not steady enough. I’m not a very good Sentinel, it turns out.”
“There’s no quiz.”
“Ah, ah ah. You’re early, boys. You weren’t supposed to get here until
The process is fascinating to Dean. Benny rubs a wet cotton ball all over his shins and part of the back of his legs, something that helps the tape stick better, apparently. He watches his friend cut some strips of tape, and Benny chuckles at his snort at the colors: purple, pink, and blue. What a fuckin’ nerd.
They had met two days later, and even if they hadn’t exactly hit it off—the father of the fifteen-year-old pregnant girl glared at them practically the whole time, but Dean figures he was probably just watching out for her—Jessi was a sweet girl, and she obviously wasn’t ready to be a parent at fifteen. She approved them, and three hectic months later, they got to take Billie home.
Dean looks over at his wide blue eyes. The zone seems to have stopped, but he can feel himself teetering on the edge of the drop that happens so often after these almost-zones. “It’s fine, I promise. The blade is mostly clean, and I have alcohol wipes in here,” he gives Cas a shaky smile. How has tonight gotten so out of control? Dean sits down on the bed. He stares at the ground and waits for the inevitable sound of the door closing behind Cas. He knew that it was all going to end eventually, but he didn’t think it would be tonight. And he feels strangely calm about it. Like all of his emotions have been emptied out by one little cut. Cas must have seen the cigarette burns. They're faded, but they're still there. And he can't dredge up a whole lot of emotion about it.
Dean wants to argue that he didn’t go that hard this week, but the shin splints speak for themselves. Benny continues with his taping, layering two strips over the top of each other, each with a split down the center. When he reaches the inside of Dean’s left ankle, his steady fingers pause.
Sam doesn’t seem as surprised as Dean would like him to be, he just nods, like those are worth his serious consideration. And Cas kind of already knew about the anxiety thing having mentioned it that time in Dean’s bedroom. Depression, though? Dean’s pretty sure that’s just him being a shitty human. Still, Dean wants to know what he’s thinking.
, but we want to make sure you’re learning things that you find interesting.”
“Oh. My apologies, then.”
“Why didn’t you?”
Balthazar pulls a sheet of paper out of his folder and passes it to Dean, then gives a copy to Sam. Cas leans closer to Dean to read from his copy. “I’ve compiled a list of suggestions for limiting sensory input. Fair warning, they’re going to be a pain for now.”
“I mean, I kept getting treatment from him. And I took the meds. I take meds now, even. Obviously.”
“It’s a mango IPA.”
“I’ll see you next week, Bobby.”
Some days it’s hard to control the fog. Getting out of bed in the morning is the hardest, and some days he doesn’t manage it at all. Bobby is as understanding as he possibly could be, given that he has been dealing with Dean and his stupid senses for a long time. It isn't as bad during the day when he’s busy, but there’s always the sensation that if Dean stops moving he might never start again. Inertia is his friend and his enemy in equal parts.
Balthazar scoffs. “No, you’re not. But you will be. Let me know about Dr. Barnes?”
“Nah, we can do it today. Just—” Dean shudders, and Castiel feels something like blooming panic from Dean, and Castiel is unsure of the cause. “—stay for a little bit? If you’re already off of work for the morning?”
He listens to Castiel take a deep breath, hold it in, and let it out, along with any tension that had been in his body, and after a moment Dean relaxes, too. They’re fine. Cas is good, Dean’s good. Dean’s actually eating popcorn, and it’s not making his stomach cramp up like the stupid oatmeal he had last night did. He settles back in, but he can’t not notice the feeling of Cas so near. He unconsciously leans a little bit closer to the comforting feeling Cas provides, but he won’t touch, instead focusing back on the movie.
“Two hundred. But I’ll make it one hundred if you let me shop.”
Dean takes a minute to actually think about the implications. He almost always knows where everything is in the room without even looking. If someone’s in his immediate vicinity he knows about their movements, can translate the feeling of their movements into a visual in his mind. Pam uses that to see, and Dean gets it.
“Because you were a sex worker?”
Sam puts his cup down firmly, not quite slamming it, but it does spill a bit of coffee. Dean tracks it with his eyes, staring at the spill. “Dean, will you listen to me?” He jerks his gaze away from the splatter of coffee and refocuses on his brother. “You need to try something different! It’s obviously not working, you’ve been a wreck for a while now. I thought it was supposed to even it all out, but you’re either being bombarded with everything or you can’t feel anything! That’s no way to live!”
Sam knows that’s bullshit, even if he was mad at Dean at first. He should’ve known Dean would never walk out on John. Dean took care of Sam growing up. Dad made them move around all the time for his job (even though it seemed like he could’ve just traveled for it, since he was gone most of the time anyway), but Dean was there to make sure Sam had all of his classwork done, and made sure they knew how to transfer their records to other schools. Dean cooked him dinner. Dean had a job when he was 14 as a busboy, though Sam still didn’t know how he pulled that off.
, is what Dean wants to say, but that’s too pathetic even for Dean. He reminds himself that it’s a good thing that Sam left.
Dean shrugs. “I just do. Schedule my work around my classes. My bosses are very accommodating, which is lucky. I just do what I have to do, it doesn’t take a genius to do my jobs.”
The building is a disaster. Dean can feel the flames from where he’s standing, halfway down the block. There are flames shooting out from the windows, black smoke billowing from everywhere it can escape. He hears a loud crash, and his eyes immediately find Cas’ windows, which are smashed and in flames.
“Fine. See you soon.” Dean looks over at the cat, now sitting up on the backrest of the couch staring at Dean as he walks around the room. It really is a tiny thing, probably barely weighs 2 pounds. It’s on the fluffy side with a little pink nose and funny ears that don’t seem to stand straight up. “Sorry, dude, but Frederick is a bad name for a cat.”
“She is. I ran into her at ComicCon in San Diego and she basically dragged me back to LA with her once she found out that I always wanted to learn to use better cameras… it all sort of unfolded from there.”
Dean and Castiel come to a compromise.
Star Wars
“He held you for almost four days. You need time to recover. Being unconscious for a day does not make up for four days of-- of what he did to you.”
“It’s nothing special.”
“No, I. You should break up with me, now that you know--” he chokes on his own words, but recovers some, “you know what I did.” He tries to pull his hand out of Cas’ but Cas holds firm.
Dean has two days to figure out what he’s going to do, and he can hardly think through the pain in his head. He can barely even see straight, dots keep floating in front of his eyes and he can’t clear them.
Dean doesn’t say anything to Cas, but he’s starting to feel a little off. In a different way than before. He’s still tired, and he’s still feeling sensitive, but he’s also feeling weird. Dizzy, sometimes. Sometimes a little like he can’t catch his breath, and he’s forgotten that he needed to eat until it was well past time for dinner two days in a row. Not his usual “food sounds like too much right now” thing, either. More like he just… doesn’t realize he needs to eat. Isn’t hungry.
Cas gets up and climbs carefully into bed next to Dean, and holds him. “Shhh. You didn’t kill anyone, love. It’s not your fault, I promise.”
Dean’s behind the truck stop bathroom, hidden between two rigs. He’s on his knees, letting this guy (whose dick is nothing special, to be honest) ram his cock in and out of his mouth. The guy coughed up forty bucks for a blow job, said he’d give him another twenty if he swallows at the end.
‘We should get married. Cas, I love you. I want to spend forever with you. I want to spoil our dog, and then spoil a kid or two. I want to wake up with you every day, and I want to go to sleep with you every night. You saved my life more than once, and you never ask for anything in return. You brought stability and warmth into my life when I thought I was fine with being alone, and you gave me a reason to recover when I thought it was over,” Dean feels his throat tighten with emotion, and decides to wrap it up, but there’s so much he could say. “You’re the best, most unselfish person I’ve ever met, and I love you. I love you so much.”
“We were watchin’ a video, and when it ended I had one of the kids in the back turn on the lights. Only, I hopped up off the desk at the same time the lights went on. After that, it’s kinda fuzzy, but I woke up here with a hell of a headache, a tube down my throat, and Blue Eyes here all up in my grill. Been a hell of an afternoon, but I swear I’m feeling alright now. Better than I have in a while, actually.”
The sudden silence is deafening, but Castiel cannot look away from his parents.
At eight months old, Yasha weighs fifteen pounds. The vet says that’s on the small side for a shiba inu, but she’s the right weight for her shoulder height. Or something. Dean’s just glad she’s healthy.
Bobby puts down his burger and sits back. “You know you don’t have to go.”
“Bobby, that fire--”
“Yeah, the one you spent way too much money on,” Dean flushes, remembering what they got up to when they got back from the suit shop. Cas barely managed to get Dean’s pants down before he was blowing him against the inside of their front door.
“Sometimes. Have you ever made plans?”
Guide. Don’t you think he should know?”
He takes her for a short walk up and down the street, trying to encourage her to walk close to him, rather than pull away and explore every little thing, but mostly her allows her the exploration. She’s a baby still, and the literature advised him that they’ll want to explore everything.
“I basically just attacked you. Shit, Cas, I’m so sorr--”
Cas grimaces at him playfully and tells him he’ll have someone come by and wash the table. “You want me to come with you? Since you’re feeling weird.”
It’s true, really. He’s worried about life off of Sensinull, and he’s not really sure what that other shit Balthazar said means for him (anxiety and depression? A fucking pseudo-eating disorder?), but right at the moment, everything’s okay.
Dean opens the envelope, and he expects to see some kind of information about accessing the continuing education credits that were earned at the conference, maybe a little pamphlet about the future of space travel. He doesn’t expect a formal invitation from the director of the Langley Research Center to consult, based on Dean’s research. They want his expertise in order to improve their ability to construct structures in space. Holy shit.
“—and they got medals. It seemed like it wrapped up.”
Dean and Charlie stare at him. Eventually, she pipes up, “You didn’t know. You didn’t know
“Modern or classic?”
The room spins.
“Looks like it’s gonna be Friday.”
Dean glares at him.
“I’m fine, Cas. Stop worrying. Now, will you please explain to me what the fuck is happening in this section of chapter eight? I know you took this course at some point, and this is just not working in my brain for me.”
“I’m sorry if I overstepped, I just got so angry. He has so much compassion for the kids he works with who have dealt with trauma, but his own brother—”
“Cas--”
“I think you should stop taking Sensinull.”
“She might.”
“I wasn’t talking about Salem. What happened in Salem? Ellen said something yesterday, too.”
“I will. And you too.”
Castiel furrows his brow. What happened to studying? He pushes through the door and observes Dean for a moment before he’s noticed. He’s got a dark shadow on the underside of his jaw that looks like a bruise, which definitely wasn’t there when he said goodbye to Dean earlier that day. And the dark circles under his eyes look even more prominent just above Dean’s sharp cheekbones. Castiel’s noticed that Dean is thin, but under the light of the counter, he looks thinner than Castiel has previously noticed. Surely someone of Dean’s build should have more muscle than Dean currently has, and it worries Castiel. Was he always this skinny?
“Yeah, me too,” Dean’s voice is hoarse. He’s tired of talking.
Mrs. Freeman interrupts his fretting. “No, Dean. We think you boys should be in
“What’s the matter, Dean?”
When they open the door, Yasha is as excited to see them as always, but the apartment looks like a paper factory exploded.
“Okay, I know. I read the books too.”
Dean stares at the speckled pattern on the tabletop, a poor imitation of stone. “I guess.”
“You’re too good to me, Cas. I don’t even know if I can bond properly, and I don’t know if I want to try. Not if it’s gonna feel like that when you leave.”
He nods, and Charlie launches herself at him. He laughs, the pressure of her arms around his middle is an iron band that feels uncomfortable but not unbearable.
There’s a hole in the front corner of the couch, and stuffing is scattered around like snow.
everything is really going to be the challenge.
“Azazel Gelbman, his number should be in my phone—” Dean cuts himself off and looks concerned at Castiel, probably because of the choking noise Castiel belatedly realizes he released, “Cas, you okay?”
They had to tell their neighbors that they definitely weren’t mistreating their dog.
His phone vibrates with a text. Speak of the devil and he shall appear.
“That shit only works a little. I’m sorry, Cas, but I just don’t want to live in a constant state of congestion. I know you really want a cat. How about a fish?” Dean’s already suggested a dog, but Castiel initially dismissed the idea. He had dogs growing up, and he loved them. But he’s always had a soft spot for the cats in his family.
“Yeah. Sam doesn’t know anything about it. Dad thought I was the one setting them for a while, but he figured that out pretty quickly. I almost thought it was Dad for a while, but I’m pretty sure it’s not.”
They keep Frederick. Dean insists on calling him Fred, because “Frederick is completely ridiculous, Cas, I mean…”
“Just drive. Recoult. Thank you.”
Castiel’s father enters the room, carrying the last remains of their dinner.
“No, he’s not that drunk, Dean. Let's go to bed. You have your keys?”
“Bobby!” Dean protests. Sam doesn’t need to know how weak Dean is, and Cas doesn’t either. Cas already looks pissed off, and Dean tries to make himself believe that he’s not angry at Dean.
“—Tessa, he needs a Guide, he’s in a zone—”
Nothing breaks Dean like someone he loves leaving him. She’s been his best friend since college, nearly ten years now, and she’s seen Dean tough it out through things that would’ve destroyed a lesser person. Every breakup, every lost friendship, wounds him. When his dad died, Charlie remembers he stopped speaking for days, and their relationship had been complicated at best.
Sam looks up, his eyes blazing. “You’re asking me if I’m okay? That bastard beat the shit out of you, and you’re asking me? He never called to check up on you, did he? He just left you, out cold on the floor? He could have
“You should have lunch before you go into work.”
“Is this about you bein’ bad luck or something? Your dad always said somethin’ about that, but Dean, that was just how he justified his paranoid ass moving you boys all around the country!”
Dean still feels like a total fucking idiot for panicking in the first place.
“Yeah. She saw my old one and basically had a heart attack. It’s what she does for a living, software design, modifying hardware. I’m pretty sure she’s a hacker too, but I didn’t want to question her. I have no idea how she got me some of the software she did. Traded her some construction work on her roof for the new computer and stuff.”
“Just sore muscles.” Dean doesn’t move. He’s not touch-sensitive today, but he generally avoids contact. Just in case.
Castiel’s face goes through some interesting motions, though Bobby’s got to hand it to him, it’s one hell of a poker face. There’s something Castiel is thinking but damned if he knows what it is. He waits for him to respond.
“Popcorn would be excellent. And a chardonnay, please.”
“I can take you home if you’d like.”
Do you not wANT ME THERE
The following Monday, Castiel stops by Dean’s office to talk to him, and he finds Dean staring off into the distance while sitting at his desk.
“Just asking, Dean. You don’t have to jump down my throat about it. It’s okay if you wanted to have a boyfriend, you know.”
“I don’t mind.”
what Cas gives, just like Pam said. The best and worst part of it is that he knows Cas means every word that he’s saying. Because Cas doesn’t lie. Even when it hurts.
A few minutes pass, and Dean can’t stop jiggling his leg. If he does he’ll vomit, he just knows it.
“How’d it go?”
Cas wrinkles his nose, “I don’t know if I mean that.”
“That would be best. Dean hasn’t used his full abilities for many years, but they’re very powerful—” he gets a muffled protest from Dean, but he’s unfortunately familiar with Dean’s dislike of his abilities being categorized as
Logically, that makes no sense, he knows. Fire isn’t alive. Fire can’t chase. But it is, and it does. It found him in Lawrence, and then again in St. Louis. And then again in Miami. It followed him all the way from Miami to Salem, Massachusetts. Dean doesn’t know if the fire found him there, but they moved 6 months after they got there and it found him in Little Rock and another dozen places along the road. Oregon is just the most recent in a long line of fires.
“I don’t think I can be just friends with you. But I can’t bond with you, I’m sorry. I can’t do that.”
Cas moving in is pretty fast too, considering they haven’t even really had sex yet - mutual shower handjobs and grinding on the couch don’t count. Dean doesn’t think.
“Didn’t know he was Dean’s boy.”
, but I guess you always get to drive,” Sam can be a sullen drunk, he knows, but he really doesn’t mind Dean driving. Feels like the way it’s supposed to be. Cas even gets in the back so that Sam can stretch his long legs in the front.
“Sugar.” Cas looks appraisingly at Dean, and the woman is definitely getting uncomfortable. Dean can’t blame her, this must look really weird.
“Please believe me when I say I’ve never met a Sentinel that I resonated with so strongly.”
Though, he considers, his expert facade fails in the face of Dean Winchester.
“The burgundy ones?”
--------
. Dean snorts as he walks down the driveway. Careful really isn’t his thing. He pats his old Chevy Malibou as he walks by, leaving her in the driveway. It’s best to not take anything that could identify him when he goes out like this. The car is a piece of junk, but it does what he needs it to. It’s got nothing on the Impala his dad drives when he’s not driving his big rig around the country.
“Aren’t I?”
He knows that what he did was right, but he also knows that other people try to nose their way into their family business.
There’s a silence in the kitchen, and Dean scrunches his eyes shut. He feels what must be Cas’ hand cover his knee, and is relieved by the touch. Cas must not be too disappointed in Dean, if he’s still willing to touch. He opens his eyes, cautiously.
Dean doesn’t know where he is.
“Oh, you live on campus?”
“No, I’m the boss of your clothes. Sam wore what I picked out!” Sam kisses her on the cheek.
“I told you. Lisa said I’m too much work. Amara found someone better. And no one else wants to stay with me. Aaron stopped calling after we slept together, and I didn’t even like it - do you know how hard it is to fuck when you get distracted by like, everything? And god, sometimes it fucking hurts, even if it’s not doing any damage. I was having an extra loud day, and It was awful. I tried the one-night stand thing, but it hurt too much after a while. It’s hard to pretend to be interested when all I want to do is get away as fast as possible.”
“He’s doing well. He’s starting to wake, though. Let us know when he does, the doctor is going to want to do a neuro check up.”
“Your dick.”
Mercifully, Dean’s only real injury is the mild concussion he received when he fell to the ground, and when he’s settled back into his hospital bed, Balthazar speaks up to address Dean’s opposition to staying in the hospital as the excess personnel leaves the room, leaving the three of them alone.
