John murmured, "Eight hundred and eighty seven bees disagree. More actually, have not counted the stingers that got stuck in your clothing and did not make it to you.  I am here...Mycroft sent nine boxes of crap to keep us entertained and I did flirt with him a bit, in case there is torture and death later...I am hoping for some small measures of mercy."
“Oh, you are trying for wit now? Nice shot, but you don’t understand anything about me. You may think you do, but my photo and my name is the only thing anyone has gotten right about me for a very long time.” His feet are planted wide, his arms crossed and his best Captain Watson face is set on his features in warning. “Now piss off and let me pass.”
"Get me out of here. Please." John asks sincerely and without his normal ability to push things down.
She smiled and her face softened, she sat down on the coffee table. “I don’t know where to begin.” She said with regret.
"Not sure it matters, so you won't have to give me the married to your work speech." John stands and sweeps up both cups. He stands in the kitchen, leaning on the counter, holding himself trying not to cry out loud. He can't cry again, he won't stop now if he does. He gets himself under control by the time he enters the living room again and sets a hot mug before Sherlock. He goes to the mantle and stares in the eye of the skull and without thinking ruffles his nonexistent hair.
Sherlock took a breath and tapped his folded hands against his lips. He seemed in a debate, from the way his eyes flicked away from and immediately back to John.
"You mean the skull? You know who he is? He has a name? Sherlock appropriated him. Took that with him. Left me behind. I was just filling in for…Mr. Fellows? Wait, how would you know where it sat? Jesus, you have been here. You have been in this flat?" John flops in his chair, unable to process any more fun Holmes-trivia whilst standing.
if you lie. There will also be no more of your recreational pharmaceuticals. Not on my watch." John shrugs his shoulders as if he doesn't care one way or the other.
John kept secretly hoping that Sherlock would happen to catch his eye again and tried to imagine what Sherlock’s reaction would be, no matter how terrible that would turn out, John still longed to see something on his mad detective’s face even if it were rage, duplicity and shocked arrogance.
“No.  John.  You have always pushed me away.  You are an addictive little bastard and I would get so wrapped up in you…then some skirt would catch your appreciation and you made sure I knew that in your eyes, we were nothing.  You killed me every time and when I couldn’t stand it another second and I left, you played the wounded puppy.  But I always came back.”
“You promised me. You promised you would not leave me on purpose again.  That it was a one off…the drugs…you said it was only for the case.  You promised me, Sherlock, and now…this.” John admonished as gently as he could.
It was the first time she had ever seen him absolutely alive. “Jesus, you just saved my life. That is extraordinary. Where did you learn to handle one of these…like that?”
[9:00 - Please John. I am impressed and woefully sorry. I have patiently followed your clues. Can we not just speak? SH]
"Stop it." John croaked as he was lifted onto a gurney face down. "Don't let them help me." He demanded now trying to fight the hands he could feel on him. He shivered in pain but was too foggy to put up much of a fight.
Sherrinford watched, trying to figure out what John was doing now, lamenting his words already.  “It does matter,” he said low and cautious.
"Do you? Well that simply makes it more fun. Now, if you would like to arrest that wicked little man who trained you, I suggest you get on the ball. He's to be liquidated in approximately two hours, once he delivers the shoe size of the Queen mum and the golf score of a certain Mycroft Holmes to the bad guy you have had me babysitting for a month. That part isn't on the tape, but there are three sentences full of incredible state darkness, you might want to keep under wraps." Sherlock turns to leave again but stops, facing away from his brother as he says the last part, " Find him, if humanly possible. I won't be a great deal of value to you if …this game is lost."
Sherlock carefully keeps his face cloaked and yawns to hide his reaction to a comment in his ear, "Vodka at half-seven? I like your mother already."
John told him what he'd figured out. There were cameras in the vicinity. They watched Sherlock and the man meet, struggle. They couldn't get the audio, but there was a partial transcript provided by experts on lip reading.
“I don’t think he will work with me. He is hiding something and I don’t know what. He threatened me if I didn’t stay out of this. He picked him. I am always the last resort it would seem,” Sherlock said, letting irritation leak into his final sentence.
He'd never been able to shake the tarnish of that enlightening summer. The Rat had been John's movie star for so long he could barely recall a time when he didn't look up to him. Even when things had gone on between them that John didn't regret - but hadn't been prepared for - he'd never really seen Ford Hall as a man. He'd been a real life version of James Bond, Captain Kirk, and Rambo all wrapped up in an eccentric comedian.
John looked at him skeptically. "Where would we be this moment, if I had left Baker Street, after the drugs bust? If I hadn't followed you?"
“Yes.  I see you too.  I’m here.  And…so are you.  I knew you were still here. I am always right.” Sherlock stood and slowly reached out and encircled John in his arms.
[9:23 - Please don't ignore. I swear the last three years were far worse than death for me. If I had known. If you hadn't cared? Would it have mattered that I bothered to stop them?]
Everyone makes noises of agreement and Mrs. Dalrimple stands and embraces her cooing, "Of course they were, love. None better. You know we are here for you if you need anything," she says and the others nod and soon everyone is hugging and sniffling.
Sherlock didn't notice everything by a long shot. He was a very interesting person and the way he played the violin was both pleasant to the ear but like an open window to the aloof Sherlock Holmes inner self.
John grins with pride and shakes his head. “She likes gadgets.  Taught me how to use a hashtag yesterday.  Feeling a sudden urge to watch ‘Snakes on a Plane’ for some reason.”
John never seemed fooled by the Holmes bluster and yawl. He at once reassessed Mycroft and had on occasion volunteered many helpful suggestions, most of which Mycroft had heartily ignored. John had shamed him, included him, and actually become part of his family without any fanfare or sentimental exchanges. He was gone now and Mycroft hated to admit how much he would regret not making an overture that final night.
Mycroft probably thought he knew a lot about John by this time, but the truth was far deeper and darker than the brothers Holmes could possibly imagine. There was one other factor playing out in John's mind. He just didn't want Sherlock to ever realize that not so long ago, his skills had a purpose. He'd seen the look many times on the faces of those who had seen his specialties. He would rather die than see that dawning on Sherlock's face.
Sherlock grinned and his eyes danced,  as he advised,  "If there is kissing and more involved, it would greatly increase the odds that I would have confidence of your eventual return."
Sherlock spun around. He searched for the source of the voice. "Well, you shot one," Sherlock replied.
John looks at him and he stops searching Sherlock's blood soaked curls. "Why are you here? Why now?'
"Oh...a bit.  He will probably take the results into consideration, but, you tell me? There are a lot of boxes.  Go on, then. Be brilliant."
John did wonder if he meant more to Sherlock then he said. John knew something was wrong with him in that he was no longer as offended by such comments. John had lost his complete aversion to the knowing looks and constant assumptions about what kind of partners they were. It even pleased him secretly when a man would look at Sherlock with appreciation and then look at him with a brooding jealousy. Nothing was going on, intentionally, yet John was slightly flattered in some way that everyone assumed John was in Sherlock's league. Sherlock could have had anyone, male or female.
John leans up and rolls to his elbows, confused.  “Cheat on you?  We are not a couple.  We are friends with benefits.  That’s all.  And every time I blow that and care and the bloody second you figure it out you can’t get away from me fast enough.  Yes, I like women.  They are beautiful creatures and a whole other world.  But, don’t tell me I expect too much of you then try to wheedle me into something, that means something to me, just because you are selfish.”
“The best disguises aren’t really disguises, John. I was Mary Morstan for a long time before I got to be Mary Watson. I like her. She’s who I should have gotten the chance to be. If I didn’t care, I would already be gone. You say I didn’t trust you, but every second I stay, I am trusting you now. Because a chance with you, no matter how small, is worth the risk.”
Sherlock's breathing hitches to a stop in pleasure as he looks around and reaches his finger out to feel the smooth leather of his chair. He can touch things. This picture is so clear and he is lost in the fact that his palace has finally made an important leap. He's building on to the palace so that John may live in this amalgam of the best things and somehow he'd crossed into sensation. He'd been attempting it for years with limited success. Baker Street, a present tense John, warm fires and fairy lights belong in this addition.
When the London network was in effect of no more importance, John turned his attention to his blog and wrote of his adventures. Strangely, people were interested, though the press was painfully slow to recant their horrible words about Sherlock Holmes. There were cases of graffiti all over the city and a small riot broke out aimed mostly at the press. The public was demanding that people pay attention.
He wanted Sherlock to prove he loved John enough to be capable of pain. John deserved to make a mistake. John deserved to have a day in which he went overboard just a little. Sherlock had said things that were much worse in terms of hurtful to John and yet, Sherlock didn't know any better. It was so much worse that John should have known better and chose to hurt him with intent. He had as good as murdered Sherlock with his own hand.
Now John is among the walking dead, too, and it felt like there had been a mistake because post-mortem exams, conducted whilst one was alive, could not hurt much more than he did at this time. John tried to move and grunted in pain. "Jesus, what did you do? Feel like I was hit by a train."
"Don't be an idiot." Sherlock said nothing more as he stomped across the dew-damp field, certain a shadow of some sort followed two steps behind and to his right.
Sherlock curled his nose and shook his head. "You must be getting soft on them then. More than half were gone in the first class."
He manages to hit the frigid water in rescue diver position, butt first and sinking. It is only after he has managed to get a firm grip on the cable and get it well positioned in the arch of his foot, that he has a bit of hope. The tank is there within thirty seconds and does not kill him on impact and he actually has his first breath of compressed air before he'd begun praying to Sherlock, Shiva and the Flying Spaghetti Monster to let him live.
"You don't believe in hell, last time I checked. And if you didn't escape, you'd probably take the place over. Run all the demons out with your bloody experiments at the very least." John leaned back and smiled at Sherlock in a shy appraising way. His finger went to his lips and he looked around the room as if noticing it for the first time. "So, this? All of this. Our whole flat, and is it Christmas for some reason? Bit early don't you think?"
He did not look at her eyes, but watched his hand feather the skin on her neck and move at the pace of a MRI machine down her shoulder, across her back, down the backs of her arms as his voice deepened to a seductive range that probably meshed earthquakes with the rumbles of lions before a feed. “Because no matter how careful we were, every small whimper and sigh, every shiver of pleasure I could coax from your very beautiful skin, and every climax I wrought mercilessly from you, long after you begged me for rest rather than
Mr. Wheatley smiled and put his hand on Sherlock and pointed, "See what I mean? Never forgets a thing, this one. Keeps up tradition. Good man!"
John's lips pull into an indulgent smile. His eyes dance and for a brief second, Sherlock see's the outrageous engine of an extraordinary mind churning. "I do genuinely like jumpers and tea…just so you know."
Mycroft turned to the last page in the file. It was a handwritten note from his brother. Of course it was written in their own childish 'pirate' code. Mycroft's fingers trembled as he quickly translated it. It was a simple, if unknown, substitution and shift. It would only take an expert a few hours to extract any message written this way, but it did keep random prying eyes at bay.
John snickered, genuinely happy to feel that he was a few hours away from actually accomplishing something other than healing and hiding.
"Wait. I'm going to what? Exactly?" John shifts his weight and stares at his former commanding officer and friend.
“You would let me go. Just like that? No regrets? Funny, that actually hurts more than it helps.” John said, not taking his eyes off his friend.
He took on the surname when he'd earned it. He was not so much a fellow named James Moriarty but a king of crime. He was James, the Moriarty. Mycroft thought back into history. He felt as if his own deductive mind should have made the connections long ago. He sat very still, thinking and following the paths his subconscious selected. Mycroft focused on a story of his family and it was as if dusty puzzles finally slotted together in his mind.
"Mycroft, I never meant it to…John just wanted to go with him. So badly. That's all. I don't understand. John should be with Sherlock. He was falling apart. And your brother, too. Sherlock was going off on some stupid nutter plan he wouldn't survive. John just wanted to go with him and help. Greg said they saw John with him, well he didn't know it was him, but he picked up on the similarities. You will have to ask Sherlock why, because I don't think that was John's plan when he left me."
"Your John is the hobbit version of James Bond, The Red Baron, and Dr. Jeckyll all rolled into one."
God, he would have to get married soon and produce the next generation of the British government. Mycroft sighed and made a note for Winstonia to find him a suitably titled brood mare and see to the introductions. He wondered if he should plan eight or twelve dates before he could get down to the business of proposing.
“God no.  I have heard you play that squeak generator and have no wish to torture anyone this evening.  You will be in the audience.  Bring your gun.  May as well stick to music you play well,” Ford said without humor.
He hailed a cab and leaned deep in the seat, closing his eyes, he told the driver, "Bethlem Royal Hospital please."
He wondered if it would bother her to know a woman had died within this space and if the carpet had been laid over the last message. Rache. He honestly expected to find John's note sitting in plain sight on the floor, after all he was seeking revenge by punishing Sherlock for having sacrificed himself and his entire life, just to keep him alive.
"She spent hours at that. For him. She said he was full of secret vanity and he deserved to be … cared for. This was done in a respectful manner, far above what you or I will ever rate. You have seen the toxicology report. He was as clean and sober as he'd surprisingly ever been. He was not drugged or hallucinating. He made his choice and made certain none of us would have any chance to save him. You must accept he left us. He made the call."
Sherlock laughs in exasperation. He takes several deep breaths and calms himself as if she had almost fooled him. He paces then stops and picks something up off the floor, examines it and stuffs it in his pocket. He steps back to the van and his face is amused and haughty again.
"What? No. I was serial-dating women, after you. You know what I can be like. I thought it was headed there, but he … no. I don't actually date men, you know. You and I…just never mind, I am not discussing this. No, we were defiantly not lovers, thank you."
"It's heaven, John. You can do anything you want. Read dull-plotted predictable novels, or make tea, or take naps…you always liked those things," Sherlock offered helpfully.
“So, she saved Sherlock’s life and saved yours with her silence. And for that crime…”Rat turned his head and raised an eyebrow as if he didn’t approve.  “Or, perhaps she was just a dud shag and this was all a big opportunity for exit?”
Sherlock shrugged. “You are fishing, John. Words don’t mean anything. I could say things to you in a dozen languages and you would never hear anything but sound. If my actions don’t say all the things I never will, then that is due to your abysmal observational skills and not because the motive is any secret.”
She waited, then sighed and nodded. "We did argue. We were probably a sight. But it was all fine when he left, I thought. We made up. He was not intending anything like this when we parted."
John wanted to argue, but part of it was at least true. He was a plonker for freaking when Sherlock was at his most vulnerable, but Sherlock was no saint for letting him reach such a mental abyss before stepping forward. "Not really, no. I didn't handle the thing so well. I was, I am not the picture of well-adjusted here. Broken toys can be messy. I can't help that he made a quick stop for a fix. I didn't even know. That put him in danger. That was not my clue."
"I'm sure. Do you intend to kill me?" He asked, partially joking and partially challenging. His eyes darted to John, leaden with expectation.
[10:42 -If inconvenient, please see that my Strad is donated to the Royal Academy and that a scholarship is set up per my instructions. SH]
he would be watching. His minions would catalogue and edit our activities and it would be a constant interference in your life. So, unless I have very much miscalculated your somewhat non-vanilla but perfectly normal array of sexual kinks, and they do in fact include exhibitionism to half of MI-6 and the occasional nosy politician, then I suggest you not continue to tempt me when I am obviously emotionally reprehensible when something has my singular attention.”
Mrs. Holmes raises one eyebrow at her son, "He didn't have to. I may be old, but don't think for a second I am not still your Mother."
Grady winked at Sherlock.  “I told you, he is exactly like his father, God rest his soul,” he said to the others with a melancholy pride.
He awakens, choking and wheezing, lying on the floor of this strange room with an enormously fat and bald middle-aged man standing over him poking at him with a cane. "I won't 'ave no drunks in here. You wanna sleep, you gotta pay. Times up. Your friend turned in his key, so you 'ave to go. Got people in at six and got to clean up this mess. "
Ten minutes later, a military Swiss chopper hovered at the rooftop and three men helped John move the man onto a stretcher.  The three of them evacuated the scene of chaos below and Rat stared out of the window without further explanation.   They landed at the Honorary Consulate of the United Kingdom in Lugano. Within moments of landing, John was shown a small room set up as a clinic and though it was tight quarters he found what he needed to get the man stable.  There was even a small blood bank and chemists facilities.  John had things well in hand by the time the actual Swiss physician breezed in looking put out and grouchy.
It didn't weigh on John that it was odd that Mycroft could have so many memories of moments he and Sherlock had evidently discussed John. Nothing mattered more than his Sherlock fix.
Sherlock Holmes. The owner of a violin. A man of odd temperament and frightening intelligence. A man who made the doctor feel so very average, yet somehow of value. The sociopath who has no manners and is supposedly an unfeeling freak, yet kind, gentle Mike said he was odd in a nice way, and he'd never seen him be rude to anyone who showed him the slightest respect. How could anyone see him as unfeeling if they had heard him play?
"There you go old friend, " he said three blocks from the flat, "I can't fix what you did to him you bloody arse, but I will try to keep him from being planted next to you anytime soon."
Neither of the cabbies pills had tested as fatal. He'd never told Sherlock this fact. He'd hidden it from all eyes actually. It was for the best should anyone question the shooter's intent or ever come forward to identify the good doctor. Only now did this fact become significant. Moriarty provided the pills.
"Get him sewn up, then sedate him until I require him." Mycroft said quickly releasing the neck tourniquet John had fashioned. Within seconds, John groaned in pain.
Sherlock shook his head in disgust at the question. "I imagine, I would be at the window, playing my violin and you would be … I don't know. Married and playing house?"
Her mind felt cloudy with all the questions and possible answers. She needed to do something but she had nothing to do. Her eyes searched the room for something to do that would alleviate this turmoil of alive or dead thoughts sparring in her head.
Sometimes he did believe Sherlock reflected John's secret, but fear drove their hearts back into hiding and things were cracking under the strain.
“That would be incredibly ambitious of you, Mrs. Watson.” He purred with sexual suggestiveness as well as a playful death-wish competitiveness.
Sherlock lay on John's broad chest, curled like a lanky cat around him, listening attentively to his racing heart. "I was under the impression that that required a great deal more effort. I have always required at least twenty minutes to bring myself to ejaculation."
Johns grip tightened and he made it hurt. "Liar.  Take it back. You will say anything to throw me off.  I could just break your arm."
“Its not fair. I just…all that. And now, I have to … Its like I’m bloody cursed.” John said disjointed and miserable.
"I think you should tell me all of it. I know you haven't. I deserve the truth. You said more than you told me. What happened to John?" Molly scooted closer to him turning to face him, even though she can't see his expression.
"Interesting. Warning. Do not assume that you know the thing you yourself have created. Because those in the last stages of the journey you have planned with such precision are not as predictable as the faithful pet you abandoned to the forest. I am thankful that you are whole. Don't doubt that for one second. It gives me my sanity back to know I simply was a pawn in your games and not important enough to have affected your demise. But, there are wounds and scars. A whistle and a demand to heel will no longer warrant compliance."
John consents. “Yeah.  Well that is settled.  He seems down for the count at the moment.  You need to get off your feet. Please?”
John kicks off the bricks and stands respectfully at attention, waiting for the man to acknowledge him. The man cocks his head slightly. "Never could stay out of trouble, Rhino. Hope I didn't interrupt your fun. You salute me, boy, and you'll be wearing this coffee. Here. Black, scalding and old as road tar, just how you like it. Knew you'd be along any minute," the older man says in an impossibly deep baritone, with a gruff cultured inflection.
Sherlock lifted his violin and began a slow wailing sorrowful tune as the orchestra quieted to the sound of an arrhythmic heartbeat.  The violin seemed to shout orders and other heartbeats joined, each distinct as if the doctor were calming them, taming them each into steady slow rhythm.  Slowly, the battle sounds again crashed and the violin became frantic before a gunshot and it screamed and fell down the scale before joining the heart beats out of rhythm with the main undertone.  The heartbeat abruptly stopped and a silence filled the hall for a moment before the violins mourned the soul of the army doctor and dissipated as if carried by fluttering wings and a weeping solitude of a fallen hero.
Now his lungs have taken over command and all he can think of is getting a breath of air. His abdomen is involuntarily convulsing and trying to override his brain that is chanting 'don't breathe'. The struggle is causing pain to shoot through him from the fractured ribs. He makes a valiant effort to surface and manages one precious lung expanse of beautiful cold air. His head has broken the surface, which aligns him precisely with an oncoming boat. He hears the propeller just before he hears a loud noise.
“No.” Mycroft said with a distant stare.  “Not Sherlock.  The other one.  Our very own lost boy.  The best of the three of us.  And the worst. “ Mycroft shudders and seems to come back to himself. “Dear Lord, Apologies.  That was completely inappropriate.”
John was not gay. John was not a criminal justice major. They did know that John was a bit of a thrill seeker and they all assumed that beings this Holmes fellow seemed predisposed to disaster, perhaps John found it intoxicating. It, being danger, violence, trouble and general chaos, was their only explanation for his unexplainable attachment to the strange and, though brilliant, illusively manipulative Scotland yard snob.
John stepped up behind Rat and reacted at once to the blood, “I’m a doctor and I am going to help you, alright?”
Moriarty had never shown his face before. He had never made himself known to Sherlock. They had no idea that he'd been making small overtures toward Sherlock Homes until the night his brother had deemed it necessary to challenge the wits of that cabbie. Thank heavens John had surreptitiously put a stop to that evening's possible outcome.
"Quite common actually. But, they do keep a close eye on them. If they become a loose cannon, they are fired in perpetuity. We both were not paying attention. We both missed all the notable exceptions to his mild humble story."
A shiver of familiarity zings John's spine and he sipped the scalding tar, wincing in pleasure. "It is fresh. This coffee on the other hand was probably what killed the dinosaurs. God it tastes good. Ta. So, what have we got? You called. Here I am. What could possibly be so important that 'The Giant Rat of Sumatra' could break his own rules and request a meeting a half-click from a London police station?"
John sighed as the lift passed them. Just in Sherlock's ear he said slowly. "Do you know the risk of this sort of extraction? The odds are not good. My failure rate ran in the seventy percent range. Some died in transport. Some had no chance, and we tried anyway, but you have to be realistic. I will help you. But, first you have to know what we face. Second, if I do this, I am in charge. No questions. We do it my way and if you go off on your own, or decide I am stupid and blow the operation up in our face… I am done. I don't like to be in charge, but in this kind of situation…"
"And that is why you left me behind. Ever question what you think you see? Ever wonder how I was tied to a chair and sent a bolt precisely into the throat of your attacker, missing not only Sarah, but you? That was all strictly luck in your mind? A Chinese contraption aimed at her heart. Guess I'm a lucky guy, huh? Ever wonder how I made that shot when you were taking that pill, got away, and just so you are aware, shooting that bomb Jim strapped to me would not have detonated it. Good threat though. Trouble is, I had disarmed it, otherwise it would have blown when you unbuckled it and threw it halfway across the room. That was his plan. Think you're safe and boom. That's why he came back. Wanted to know what went wrong, why he wasn't dodging building bits."
We know what was said between Sherlock and John. This is what may have been said on the other end of the plane,
"He was dying. He didn't care. He didn't want to spend his last moments in boredom. Jail," Sherlock's voice was low, but his ever-present certainty was faltering. He found John's line of thought offensive, because Sherlock hated being wrong.
“What is it? Obviously you want to,” came the whispered suggestion accompanied by a hand squeezing the evidence of John’s interest.
She had quietly explained that she could never compete with his ghost. She told him that the legend was too big and too painful. They had divided their possessions considerately. She refused to touch anything that involved Sherlock Holmes, his estate or the income that his stories brought. The rest he handed to her without any resentment. He didn't need the home or possessions. He purchased 221 Baker from Mrs. Hudson for an incredibly stupid sum and moved back to his flat. He moved back to him.
Forgive me for being so selfish, but this close to the end of my sanity, I can still beat you, my darling one.
Mycroft glanced at his brother and John Watson. “I am sorry. Your offer is very kind, but I am afraid that that option is simply not an option. They were very clear on certain key points of his penalty. I cannot intervene in any way or my resignation will be rather swift and quite probably messy. Or it shall be if I have more than five minutes advanced notice. I am opposed by those of an oddly narcissistic and inexperienced moral principal. We shall see what it will require for them to broaden their perspective. Thank you for the offer, but please do realize that were I to be responsible for getting his wife killed, what force on earth do you imagine would ever protect me from your husband?” He winked at her.
It felt nostalgic to John and all his anger melted as their breath drops from gasping to merely winded. Sherlock carefully dried the violin and tucked it into the case standing open on a bench facing a tiny fireplace.
It ended up being one of those painfully uncomfortable moments. John had survived them in the past. Sorry, I don't want to have a shag with you, but it was somehow much more humiliating when it came from a man. He had no wish to ever be with a man and yet, here he was being treated as if he'd just made a pass at him.
John’s mocking sound and annoyance further flamed Rat’s anger, but it only manifest in the change of his tone, his face didn’t offer a twitch of emotion.  “  I should have just stood by and watched them each take you while you blubbered on the filthy urine and rubbish soaked mews, then stood by and observed them slit your mouthy, drunken throat when they were sated?  Is that your underlying truth Rhino, my baby, my friend, my brother, my sometimes lover?  You’d far prefer that sort of attention to mine?  I wonder, John, how often were you an ally slut, just lucky to have survived, but because you don’t remember, think you can tell me…it doesn’t count.”  Ford regretted the words level of harmful intent as soon as he spoke them.  His breath caught and he seemed to return to himself, horrified by what sentiment had just loosed from his tongue.
"I hope so. Serves him right for kicking off on me." John says then sucks in his breath realizing he's just made his first joke at Sherlock's expense since he passed away.
Mary stood. She reached out and brushed his cheek with her fingertips and a fond glow shining in her eyes. “Two options, Dr. Watson. I can help you with your stupid selfish plan, like I promised. Or you and I can go out to dinner and celebrate all those incredible days you had the privilege of experiencing. You can tell me all about your Sherlock and we will honor him instead of just mourn. Think about it, take your time and I am getting back to work. Don’t worry, I will tell them you had a reaction to shellfish and that will account for the splotches. Let me know what we are doing tonight so I can pick out frilly or granny.”
The man chuckled slightly but regarded the high impenetrable hedgerows and looked back at his fare with less surety. "Yeah, I mean it is all bollocks, I'm sure. I'd just feel bad if…"
Molly had smiled and no, she had not wanted to have an accident at that moment, but his answer had dazzled a few little secret wondering thoughts out of her from time to time. She could see him as a father. She could imagine his face as he buttoned up a tiny coat and lifted a small child in his arms. Molly could see that he would have made a fantastic father, if he hadn't fallen in love with Sherlock Holmes. A place for her had rooted, perhaps, even if Sherlock came home. Maybe, John could have the best of both worlds, and she could live with being a single mom with the support of a father like him for her child. It was not something she told John. She couldn't tell him anything like that now, but it was on her list of someday.
Rat laughed in a relieved, slightly hysterical way, and admonished, "Careful, your pretty face could get stuck that way. And you'll never graduate to 'Four-Continents Watson,' unless you significantly lower your standards."
Sherlock holds his arms out and flicks his wrist. "The rules are for lesser souls, John." Sherlock says with a small smile. In his hand is his gun. John's eyes widen as Sherlock puts it to his own head and closes his eyes.
Sherlock dying of torture in the bowels of some lost hell because he’d sacrificed everything to keep Mary safe for him. John watching the sky for a plane that could never come back rated above the scope of mad bastardly zombie spiders on the loose.   'The enemy you know' felt like Christmas to John.
Hours spent in perfect quiet and glistening joyful tears. Moments of near dreams and languid submission to the grateful nearness of the other.
Mycroft smiles and his eyes become slightly misty as he swallows and takes a sip of his brandy. “The east wind. It got him in the end. Family business – it is our curse. It gets us all. Doesn’t it? He tried to protect us. He and my brother tried so hard.”
Finally, he deems it safe to help him up and John just silently stared at him in pure wonder. "I don't know what to say. How are you here? I held your hand, in the morgue. I saw the autopsy photos. I carried your... and picked out that... coffin for you and … dear God I have lost my mind haven't I?"
John shrugged and tossed the bags on one of the beds as he said, “No idea.  Thought we were tracking killers now, not making musical debuts.”
John adjusted Sherlock’s head and stroked his hair to soothe his words, “Listen, I am happy to play the fool for you. I will run along behind you like some half-wit.  If that’s what you need, I will do it.  I would do anything…anything at all, in my power, to make you look clever.  But dear God above, you will hold yourself to a higher standard. “
I Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended.
Next door, The Little Driver is closed but still has a customer or two straggling out the door drunkenly. Beyond that the Texaco petrol station had business. The lights were glaring in the night and it seemed like a welcoming sight in this rain that feels like ice. The temperature was still falling and John is shaking in misery. The day was warm, but now full blown autumn seems determined to cut across London in one night. The trees are giving up their leaves quickly in the rain and wind. John turned around and slowly surveyed the area.
“ Only in your mind, Sherlock. You are keeping him alive. You call your brain a hard drive. Well, say hello to the virus. You must kill the virus, Sherlock.  You must do this.  He makes you weak.” Mycroft instructs.
“Tell me what could be so bad and if you convince me, I will consider helping you. Please, don’t be stupid, you will be impaired or lose consciousness long before anything we have will stop your heart. You know that. You would need a lot and starting an IV on yourself would be the only way to do it. Kind of look like a ponce to die that way and I could make it look accidental. But you have to convince me.” Mary said defiantly standing her ground as if she had just made a reasonable proposition.
John shakes his head. "I never told him. I never said to him a glimmer of how I felt…feel. I would give anything, you know? I would march into hell just to say it to him once. It is so much worse now…now that I understand. I hurt him. I wanted a reaction. I had no idea that I could possibly break his heart. He did it because of me. How do I go on, knowing he died… because it was the only way he knew to make me see?"
"No argument, Rat. He was a God. What they did to him, it was unforgivable," John said with disgust.
John doesn't say a word. He gets up, goes upstairs and changes his clothes. He returns to his chair and props the note on a book and tries to figure out what else he can say. He can't think as Ford moves around the kitchen, not needing to ask where the cups are or where he keeps the tea. John reminds himself, he has been here before.
“I’d never have guessed.” John soothed, pressing a secret kiss to his friend’s forehead and settling in for however long it took for Sherlock’s body to process the drugs. He was out of his mind and yet he was still Sherlock.
"Yes, sir. But, so long as I'm not bothering you, I can still learn from you," John had said quietly.
"Delightful to know your thoughts.  I was having some lovely ones a moment ago.  You interrupted.   Pray tell for purpose other than my face located in proximity to Doctor Watson being a boon for your pocket book.  You have a case?"
“He will be, but I don’t know where he is. I am just trying to keep him calm He’s afraid you are in danger.  I am playing along.  I don’t mean to neglect you.  I don’t want to lose you –“
“I don’t. He is an egomaniacal manipulative fiend, he always has been. But he is one with an exemplary moral compass. Without his obsessive micromanagement and unfathomable behavior predictions of the most duplicitous bastards ever to call themselves world leaders we would be in a far darker place. Ironically that makes him one of the free world’s most valuable assets. For every irritation that slips by him or gets away from him, I can assure you he’s prevented three disasters, sometimes whilst sipping his first cup of tea. He is respected because he earns every drop of it and he’s feared for the same reason,” She said firmly.
She had told a mortician that a body had to have the head disposed of by nuclear technicians, beings it was exuding radiation. That week, she met John alone for the first time. John threatened to report her if he found any more heads in his apartment. She had smiled at him and leaned in close and ask Dr. Watson if he'd thought that idea out all the way. "If you get me fired, what do you suppose he would do to obtain his playthings? I mean experiments."
"I am sorry John. You have three days. If we have not come to an understanding by then, I am afraid there is little more I can do for you," Mycroft said in a bored tone that he also managed to feign sympathy in such a patronizing bully voice that John had curled against his restraints in mirth.
John had spoiled Moriarty's games. John had filled the place of friend before Jim got done showing off. Only then did Jim's games really mean to harm Sherlock. Jim hoped to offer Sherlock what neither of them had ever had. One true friend was the reason, and plain little Dr. Watson had beaten Jim. Jim had made Sherlock's reputation with his insane little puzzles and when he lost, only then did he want to take it all away.
Lestrade looked offended.  "God no.  Nobody really cares cause they always thought you were. Case solved years ago in their minds. No.  About the bees. What did you do to piss them off?  Detective Inspector Donovan thinks, you might have imported some illegal strain and planned to unleash them on the unsuspecting public but they turned on you instead...once they got to know you."
"Oh, Johnny-boy, they have buggered us in ways you can't even see? Not yet. But if you ever get the offer, run. Take the southern. Don't let them shuck you off to this, old boy. It will never work and they all know it. We can't go back. This is what happens. Now get on with it. Do what they pay you for. Just…remember…"
"Nothing but an old bolt-hole of mine. This delivery truck and I are old friends. I keep it here. Have for years. Comes in handy from time to time. Great place to shoot up. Never brought anyone here. It was my secret of last resort. I am giving you a key to this place, just in case you ever need it. I leave London in a few hours. I will never come back. This is goodbye."
He would not do anything as horrid as thank him for making his last hours on earth so enjoyable, but he so hoped to be able to do some small kindness, if it was indeed fated that he could lay eyes on his bringer of light.
[11:13 – That request isn't strictly up to me at this time is it? I am disappointed. I will advise you on his behalf should there be one, but we shall speak of sailing wax and string later. ]
Sometimes he does lose his temper with him. Sometimes he just wants a more definite reaction, an acknowledgement, an emotional impossible from Sherlock.
“I don’t know. Just gibberish,” John replied with a small grin.  He should record this for Lestrade.  Maybe it’s the blackmail that keeps him clean?
Then he’d made inquiry about his two sons and found his youngest to be living with his very own Rhino. There had been articles written and Ford had focused on the photos. John stood looking up at his very own son with eyes reflecting the same sort of tender affection John had once bestowed on his old Commander.  He’d felt both relief and a twinge of jealousy, laughing that John had replaced him with his offspring.  He had assumed John had made the connection.
“I’m not fit for visitors, Lady Smallwood.” Sherlock said extending his hand to her anyway and smiling. “But you have news for me?”
"No. Not just this day. Every single one of them. Every day. All of them. This one just happened to win. I have spent more than a thousand days right here. More days then I knew you. It stopped being worth it after about three. You can't tell me you didn't know, not if Mycroft was giving you updates. Do you know how it feels that I have thought of nothing but finding you and you would rather I do this then trust me? You said you could have come back a year ago, but you didn't even ease my burden then.  It makes me feel like it was a mistake to have warned you. I could have left with hope and instead I have to know...for as long as I can stand it...that you didn't trust me and you didn't care if I lived or died.  Stupid, how what we believe can be so far from the truth. I had won every day so far...that's all.  Today was nothing special...just like me." John smiled and there was an unholy light there in his eyes like a man walking to a gallows with his dignity.  " Mary left me...I think... because she knew.  I couldn't hide it all the time. Tried.  But you were in my mind and she always knew.  She said she could see your ghost in me some days.  She knew one day I would...follow you.  She loved me.  She did...does.  I made promises to her that I had no intention of keeping. I let her go, because I cared enough not to make her watch."
Sherlock's voice was soft when he spoke again. He didn't meet John's eyes, yet the gesture somehow made his question carry more weight. He stood with his shoulders sloped, leaning against the drab grey concrete wall on the far side of the room, unable to hide his fear of what the answer might be. "That day. When I came back? Why? You left me…after we…" Sherlock pushed off the wall and turned to observe John's reflection at the mirrored observation frame. It was the closest thing this room had to a window.
Sally Donavan strolled from the kitchen into the sitting-room holding up a jar of chicken brains “Are these brains?  They were in the bloody refrigerator. I almost dumped them on the olive tray.”
John leaned back and looked at Sherlock in amused shock. "I never would have expected you to be such a jealous man, Sherlock. Never."
The Rat had been off leash for a while, begging off for his supposed grief, and numerous pet projects Control objectively needed addressed, but could not appear to have connection with.  He was in London; it was a beautiful night. Sherrinford Holmes was high on a smooth transaction that led to a very bad man no longer breathing and he’d decided to try to snap John out of his moony downward spiral by offering him his old position, so to speak.  He knew he’d be easy to push through the system because of his prior service.  Things had not worked out quite how he had expected.
"Short jokes? I am doing this, why, again? Now, to the surviving part. Any actual plans for that or should I just order a bouquet?"
Lady Smallwood smiled and shook her head. “Times haven’t changed at all. You still protect creatures others never would, don’t you? One of them appears to be living in the cellar these days.”
Without another word, John picked up his weapon, flicked the safety and doing a quick-turn whilst tucking the gun under his jumper at the small of his back, he walked out.
It is the shivering that draws his eye. Sherlock is having some sort of spasm. John begins assessing at once then stops rattling through strings of ailments and side effects of cranial splinters from the impact of a bullet skittering off an idiots skull when he realizes what has really occurred. In anyone else, crying would be easily recognized. But, it isn't on the list of possibility when the symptoms involve Sherlock Holmes. John had been too far away and too shocked to really observe him the single time he'd shed a tear, so it is understandable that this odd new ability Sherlock is performing would need such hard scrutiny before allowing John's mind to connect it to something so average.
A concussive wave filled with debris knocked him forward and his ears went silent with pain as a warm hand of heated air slammed him forward and lifted him before discarding him like a rag into a rubbish pile of crippled bodies and crumpled theater seating damned by the stage itself. More blasts seemed to roll over him like thunder, and he tucked his head and closed his eyes and wondered if Sherlock and Rat were some of the muffled voices he could hear screaming.
John finishes his note and hands it to Ford. He goes to make fresh tea while The Rat reads it for approval.
There is a chuckle then the voice of New John said, " You know, I found my way around a bloody desert with people shooting at me just fine. Did you really think I wouldn't be able to navigate your little castle of doom and gloom? Jesus, was there anything besides tea you actually liked about me..or maybe respected?"
Then, both worn out, abruptly making eye contact accidentally, they both began laughing again. John's laughter turned to tears. He can't help that even in this half embarrassing position, straddling Sherlock and both unkempt and rough looking with swelling eyes and trickles of blood mixing in the tears of happiness, John wrapped his arms around Sherlock and held on to him as tightly as he'd strained to keep his sanity all these months.
"I know. It's all fine. I mean all of it, it's fine. Now, where are you planning to stay? You're welcome here. I need to sleep. I haven't done that in a while and now that you're alive, maybe I can. The thing is I have taken over your room. The sheets are clean upstairs, if you want to, or the couch. Sorry about that, but…"
Sherlock grinned. John waited for the lift to pass and stepped over and leapt for the undercarriage mechanism, being careful to keep his fingers out of the works. He passed a cursing Sherlock and unsteadily jumped back to the ladder, coming to land a story or two above Sherlock at this time.
The room was quiet as they each sized the other up, reevaluating the friendship in the space of a few minutes. Sherlock licked his lip, aching for a cigarette or something stronger. John examined his hands, cleaning his nails on the edge of the sheet and disliking how long they had grown.
It had required almost two years before the youngest Holmes didn't fly into a rage each time there was a casual remark concerning their father's death. Then he'd taken to his brooding silences and each time Mycroft came home for holiday he could see his dear little brother shrinking as his physical body became all elbows and hyper-extensive gawky joints and electric eyes announcing his towering ego.
And John's soul screamed for the man who didn't scream as he tumbled. John's old friend had stolen him. Death laughed at John as he flew away with the spirit of Sherlock Holmes.
John's face darkens with anger. "Do that. To you? You, you are angry with me? You died for fucks sake, Sherlock? I have been … I have… All I wanted was to be… and this whole. And the fact that… I was in there killing myself just to see you so I could … and you didn't even give a flying fuck? Oh God, that is so much worse .. than…"
/Moirerdagh/Muirihertie: Irish Occupational Name...from very old Celtic terms muir =sea and cheardach =good navigator. Settled in County Kerry, on both sides of Castlemaine Harbor. The name is an anglicized version of Muircheardach or O'Muircheardach, with a literal meaning of skilled navigator of the sea. Variations include McMoirerdagh, and McMuirihertie. Requested by: Erina Moriarty
"Well, I have never had sex with anyone, so I won't know. I assume you understand the basics? You are a physician of amazing caliber. I imagine that we are quite capable of figuring it out." Sherlock reasons then smiles that secret half smile John had seen only a few times.
Sherlock's hands balled into fists and he gripped John even tighter. "I don't understand. Anything. Anything at all, if you will just say yes." Sherlock rolled his face toward John and in a whisper of desperation added, "Please. Please."
"Shut up. Put one foot here and the other there, dip your shoulder. Plenty of room." John pulled him over and shifted. Sherlock leaned in close yet he was uncomfortably stiff.
He was about to shout it to whoever was watching him, when he was interrupted by the low sound of a buzzer that infiltrated even his own soundproof quarters.
By touch alone she has removed his shirt and he still hasn't said a word. Her cloths were flying piece by piece into the darkness and his followed. She opened to him and he nestled to her, hard and needful.
He assesses his condition as best he can and grabs the kissing man, who is of course Rat, by the front of his shirt and hisses in short broken syllables, "CPR is over. Share your Morphine. Now! May go into shock, head injury, internal bleeding possible. Watch my pressure."
"No. No, no. You bastard, no." John has found the source of the bleeding but not the entrance wound. He's in terror that his attempt to stop Sherlock may have changed the angle, made the threat lethal after all. "Please. I love you. God that's all I wanted you to say. You idiot, I just…"
"Oh for fucks sake, Sherlock. You're rusty. I can win. I will be dead long before you finish with all your silly threats. See you in hell."
The tall man blinks then looks away. "I suppose that's true. We don't have a lot of time. Come with me, we have some curtains to draw. This place is crawling with cameras. Damn the British government and its entire little toad stool brigade."
"No use bringing up old hash. Martha needs that like she needs long red knickers. Besides, her guest belonged to the poor crippled doctor and she might take all our chin-wagging wrong. We are so sorry to hear of your loss, my poor, poor, dearie." Laura Hernsley declared sweetly to Molly.
Molly cocks her head and tucks a stray bit of hair behind her ear. "Well, they are all fools then. Who cares what they think. Unless they happen to be smarter than you, they don't get to have an opinion that counts. I can tell you're smart. What did you read?"
“Which was it, Morphine or cocaine?” John asked. He wondered which of those two things got Sherlock started again because he couldn’t figure out if it was Magnussen or his hospital stay. He didn’t expect an actual answer but both had been on the list.
John says no more, but finishes his tasks and carefully places Sherlock's tea on the table. He sits down quietly and coolly observes Sherlock over his mug as he sips the scalding hot tea.
"Then just end this. I swear to you, I am not that bloody important to your schemes," John said with a pleading sincerity.
“ No wonder you are living in a chocolate tea pot and boiling water. I should be off then.” She pecked him on the forehead protectively whilst flipping her bird finger to the empty room. “Call me. I keep a lot of secrets Sheryl. I can keep some of your real ones, if you would let me. Better than chemically extinguishing that incredibly sexy mind of yours.”
“Oh, thank God.” John said in pure relief, “Anything is better than thinking of him rotting in a cell. I mean, yes, it still isn’t ideal, but maybe someday, he can come home. It’s better than nothing, or dead, right?”
He lays the flowers up against the stone. "I bought something with the money, Sherlock. It was the only thing I wanted. It is a rather expensive piece of land, considering how tiny it is. But you know what they say about location. I May be moving in soon. I'm bored, you bastard. I'm bored."
Rats face fell directly into his ice cold mask and his words blasted the man in front of him like rock salt. He too stood but didn’t step toward John, his chin lifted slightly and his eyes narrowed in a familiar deduction manner. “And off-out you go.  I suppose you are right. And, it was none of my concern the night I followed you and watched you offer yourself, not to mention you very life, to four young hoodlums.  You didn’t even fight.”
"Greg. Umm, sure. I suppose." She stands aside, confused, but tries to give him an apologetic smile as she smooths her hair and wonders what he must think of her, not dressed at half-nine in the morning. "Kind of a late night and I have a shift tonight, so bit of a lie-in. Have a seat. Tea?"
By the time Greg had the tea made, Molly had slipped back into her room and quickly dressed in jeans and a jumper John had left at the flat. It smells of him and she couldn't help but picture his body swirling and dancing to the current, heading out to sea by now, skin absorbing water and face just beginning to swell and distort
He had no idea how long he walked after his interesting encounter. The sun was painting long shadows and he was drawn to turn onto Baker Street, the place where it may matter. The music pulled him. It moaned of his own heart, so filled with emptiness and so full of glorified sorrow. He paused below the window as a bloke slammed the door and crumpled a piece of pink paper and threw it on the ground with a comment of, "Stupid git."
John had moved off her and she'd twisted around. He looked down at her, at the evidence of them making such a terrible error of judgment. She was bending and trying to struggle with her clothing and right herself. She couldn't meet his eyes. They were doctors. They were educated adults and both of them had just acted like idiotic teens. The thought of John's sexual past and the likelihood that he'd acquired any number of horrible tokens of this sort of behavior filled her with fury at herself. She knew better than this.
"Fine, to save you the bother of escape, you are free to go. Take him home with you. Enjoy the few hours they will allow you, before the tragic assassination of the bestselling novelist by some lone radical who will then himself be murdered. That is the outcome Sherlock. You will probably be considered collateral damage and it will ruin me. No."
John groans. Sherlock smirks and winks at John, knocks softly on the door and purrs, "Always welcome to join us, my dear? If you're hungry."
"You see, but you do not observe. The apple doesn't fall far from the tree. Before I became Ford Hall, the Giant Rat of Sumatra, I had another name, another life. I had to leave that life and my two young sons. I couldn't protect them from the things I had become involved with. So I did what I had to do, to protect the people I cared about. "
John relaxed and nodded, accepting the hot beverage and doing a quick survey of his friend and former commanding officer. "Hello, Rat. Been a while."
There was silence for a moment.  “A Rat Bastard. Left me here to die.” The man said with good cheer.
The official story was much darker. He'd gone down in history as a murderer. Some even claimed he was Jack the Ripper.
John glares at him, closing his mouth and yet conveying every bad word he'd ever learned just as clearly with his expression alone.
Sherlock let the disgusting shirt sit on his face for a second, taking a deep breath and appearing to revel in the scents presented. John rolled his eyes and removed it before leaning over for a kiss. Sherlock flipped his glasses up and grinned, then shading his eyes stated, "You had a good day? Did they all quit? Record first day then."
"I am sorry, Doctor.  The patient is fine.    You however have some items at the nurses station. I just was trying to determine the best way to wake you gently.  You are military like my, Da, so thought it best to just let my presence find your soldier radar...rather than ...well...waking me Da was a bit of a punt, sir."
"My tea is always cold. I am like it. Cold, unwanted, without the warmth to give someone. I almost didn't answer you. I missed something about you John. Maybe I believed incorrectly."
He'd been embarrassed by Donovan and he'd made remarks about her and Anderson. He'd ask for the victim's case. And he'd forgotten John.
Theoretically, letting go was the wise choice, unfortunately the random guest list he'd invoked in prayer were not on the same page and he struggles desperately and without any benefit to detach himself from the death cable.
John's face blanches and the wind is sucked from his lungs. "Tiger was working for…Moriatry? God no. Oh my God. He was…sent to kill me?"
' but she didn't feel caring about him was a waste of time. She didn't feel used most of the time, because it wasn't one-sided. He gave in a different way, but she had always felt he enriched her life rather than encumbered it.
John stands up and offers his hand to Sherlock, to help him up as he mumbles. "Funny, could have sworn someone just shouted the word, Bingo."
Molly smirked behind her teacup, certain she could have made a list of some of the things Mrs. Hudson disapproved of the most. She'd helped Sherlock acquire most of it.
He entered the living room, searching for a note from John. He spied it at once and smiled at the familiar sloppy printing. The S in his name was larger, more elegant and the letters were slightly rounded. The K was entirely too large, meaning John was a man motivated by love but was first a man who had an imaginative mind and was full of surprises. Sherlock grinned and opened the note.
John tilts his head and looks confused. "I don't understand. You're here for Sherlock? I thought…never mind. What are you saying? You came to London, because of Sherlock Holmes?"
Molly slides clumsily across the seat and Mycroft follows, placing his damp umbrella near a vent and fussing with his pant creases to keep them from losing their pristine crisp lines. Molly doesn't wait for him to begin "Please tell me this is another magic trick?" she says unable to control how airy her voice sounds.
The music filled the great building as if a storm rolled from the sea and John watched father and son play together with only one aware of the privilege.  Their movements were synchronized so precisely it was mesmerizing.  John had to force himself to look away and cast a quick glance around to look for danger.  There seemed to be no threat and yet a few moments later, John’s focus on the stage lost the wonder and his hackles began to rise.
John looked at his watch automatically. “Let’s get him to the bunk.”  Mary took his feet, John his shoulders and they moved him as a unit.  Mycroft folded the bunk down.  They had just settled him and checked for anything that could do him injury when the convulsions began.  Mary and John didn’t attempt to restrain him, but formed a protective cocoon between Sherlock’s convulsing limbs and any hard surfaces.
And there had been two terrible thuds. One is a bicycle knocking into him. As the cyclist looked up at the falling man, he'd inadvertently made contact with the man who was now fallen. Fallen to perdition. John Watson the Doctor of destruction.
John rolled Sherlock to the side and Mary guided his head as his stomach contents filled the air with a foul odor. Mycroft stepped out for fresh air.
“This is boring!  Where… ever you are…isn’t.  Oh, John…I…I miss you.  This phantom of you is all I have that makes this whole thing remotely bearable.  How do I keep this up?  I was at least a wasp in the web before.  I am wasting my time freeing flies and tapping out false motions while the web grows stronger.  I have to work my way.” He has begun pacing with edgy energy.
“I can try using the MI5 computer archives…it might save you time…”Mycroft said with a snobbish pride.
That is how the line could be described between his survival day to day and his will to follow his northern star to freedom from the pain.
"He was not threatening you in any way. You beat him by walking away and then when your guard was down, and he saw his chance, that was his real game. He would have petted your ego and declined, if you picked the pill that he was about to take. You were losing fair and square. No reason to blame him at that point. He wasn't forcing you."
Mycroft Holmes burst into the room. John was being honored as an incredibly protected guest. That is he was being detained, but they had not decided to practice active torture and had kindly brought him tea, so it may be prisoner or It may be guest but the definition was precisely the same. John didn't stand, he looked up at Mycroft with his contemplative startled expression of respectful inquisitiveness.
That voice. He turned, not afraid of his ghost, only afraid his mind had finally given up and he didn't want to die crazy.
When Sherlock left Molly he knew he had been cruel. He spent the next few days insuring she would always think he was a bastard.
John's eyes are pure insanity and fire as he shoves Sherlock away from him hard enough that he goes sprawling on the floor. John is fast and determined; he has the needle and doesn't stop. He darts up the stairs to his now deserted room.
Sherlock turned, fury in his eyes and distinct enunciation. "Notice you? For God's sake, John. In case you haven't noticed, I nearly died. Dancing for you. In fact, I would prefer that to the alternative."
"You plan to kill him and now you want him rescued?" The younger man whispered as he typed franticly then attempted to constrain the worst of the bleeding without dislodging more of the glass embedded.
John’s brow furrowed and he nodded with a small shrug. “Yeah. Of course, Sherlock. Just try not to take too much of a piss. Please. I knew not to presume anything, but it’s going to be a bit raw.” He dipped his head to the side in an apologetic gesture.
When recovered, John opened the door to 221b and his friend hesitated. Rather than walking in he pulled his phone from his pocket and seemed to send a text. "Problem?" John asked.
So the other bit is I don’t own Sherlock – I just scribble this stuff to get it out of my head-- purely recreational.   Yadda yadda – I mean no offence but do not copy or use this for any purposes without my permission because I don’t want to offend the real people who make this fantastic show in any way.  Yes – I know – you all pretty much think I am way too soft on Mary – but I adore her – yep still mad at her for Shooting the Sherlock – but Nobody but Amanda A could have pulled off this duplicitous character and made us LOVE her as well as she did …so I am not as easily pulled into the get rid of Mary to make Johnlock happen thing.   I like complicated.
Sherlock kept his face as still as possible, "Yes, Mummy. I will be quite alright. But, we must remember that Mycroft has been of prodigious value in this so far. He does mean well."
Just like old times. Like when you faked your death. Oh Sherlock, I am such a fool. You will get bored and I will lose you. You think just because we have given in to need, all is forgiven. John didn't sleep at all. He watched the sun rise, turning Sherlock's skin a golden-orange. He watched him breath, then quietly he slipped out of bed.
By the time the ambulance arrived, John was far more confident that Sherlock would survive because his heart rate had picked up and he was struggling to breathe slightly less.
"I am sorry I must look atrocious...but I have it under the good authority of our resident toddler that the kissing of booboos is cutting edge healing technology.  I would be amenable to experimentation for scientific purposes." Sherlock tried to make his one eye look both innocent and lustful, but the actual result still looked like the elephant man on a GQ photoshoot.
John grinned. "True, but you were in that class and I don't think I was responsible for almost forty of them washing out."
Tell everyone, I am a fake, a fraud. Did that really mean… Because if you don't believe in me, I don't care what any of the rest of the world thinks. Let them scourge my name for all time, because you picked what you wanted the most, John. You wanted to blend and be mediocre. You wanted to be with them and not me. So be it.
“More to the point, what have YOU been doing? “ Mycroft said, meaning more than the few words he spoke.
Mycroft sighs, then seems to find his tie slightly out of adjustment and uses the two way mirror to adjust its perfection to some unknown state of further perfection. "There were. The most recent all seem to have revolved around you. He came to you in faith. Saved your life again, in fact. Gave himself to you and you disposed of him and taunted him like a schoolyard bully. You must be so proud."
Ford had gone a bit berky and made John a wallet.  After hunting down and murdering the pathetic sod who had destroyed his John, Ford had thrown himself into his work.  He’d expected to hear something when John realized what the wallet represented.  He’d feared it would not be enough, his little token of vengeance, but he was confused to find no word of any kind sent through channels from John Watson acknowledging his effort.  It never dawned on him, considering his propensity for taking trophies, that John would miss the significance of his gesture.
“They were on the wrong path, John.  They were trying to force their way in, because with a computer it is garbage in and garbage out.  What if it were no longer a surety?  What if you found a way to make the machine, like you.  Love even.”
He deflected, “Oh, I was expecting a deal, a mole you needed me to look at or, you know, a pity snog? Do whatever you feel best, Miss Morstan.”
Sherlock rarely looks completely mystified. "Wool jumpers, tea and ordinary. It's your urban camouflage?"
"In some ways it isn't. I am not going to play games. You can't go killing every person who looks at me twice."
He got the response he hoped for and all of them exuded enthusiasm.   If he weren’t a sociopath, Sherlock might have felt a bit guilty for fanning old men’s egos in order to implement his own agenda, but playing by the rules had never suited him for long.  It was time to move on to bigger tournaments that would actually do more to the web than pluck at the strings without getting the spider's attention.  In the meantime, while he sent them in one direction, Sherlock intended to step up his own games.  The humble gleaner may gather slowly, but combines were more efficient in cutting noticeable swaths in the vast fields.
Mycroft, was in some ways, glad that John had not been recovered from the water so far. He dreaded his brother being unable to part with, well,
She knew she was being completely irrational, but she moved about under an outward guise of confidence. She needed to do these things. The truth is that there is nothing for her to do that will help so her brain is misfiring tasks and they seem important at the moment. She hoped that she was having a bad dream and when she woke up, all these things she took would be missing, which would be proof that this had not happened anywhere other than her mind.
I Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended.
You ain't nothing but a hound dawg…crying all the time…but you ain't never caught a rabbit and you ain't no friend of mine…"
Rat’s eyes narrowed and he stood up like he’d lost his senses, “Grady Pauly, you never could shoot a wee cock with a great canon!”
Sherlock's eyes open and he grins. "You could have just said that, John. You didn't have to make me shoot myself just to say it. I never stopped loving you for a minute. How could you doubt that part? I didn't. I knew you'd save me."
John leaned forward a little, dropping his chin to his chest and looking determinedly up at Sherlock as if speaking some stern warning," I killed him anyway. To get your attention. I wasn't risking that much. I would have been gone before you and Lestrade put it together. I have knack for disappearing. I have a knack for killing as well. The men who are after me, the ones Mycroft is kindly hiding me from? I trained them. It is possible that they may eventually get me. We all make mistakes. But I didn't teach them everything I know. The day you walk out of here, so will I."
She cocks her head at him, unable to figure out if he's found out about John's gun, or if someone has questioned something on Sherlock's post mortem. Either will get her arrested. "Am I in trouble, then?" she says trying to joke, but honestly just sounding scared and guilty. They may spend every Sunday together at Mrs. Hudson's, but if he has to choose between friendship and work, Molly knows he will do what he thinks must be done. He arrested Sherlock.
"No, by all means, assuage your guilt in the death of John Watson. You didn't actually hold his head under water. You just sent him to the bridge for a swimming lesson. I do feel it worth warning you, not to rely on my assistance in the future. In fact, should my brother not be located relatively quickly, you may deduce that we have now assumed an adversarial position, you and I. I am not especially reasonable when I am angered. And I am currently very angry with you. Imagine, if you will, how very fractious I shall be if your thoughtless actions should lead to Sherlock becoming careless in his endeavors."
She knew losing Sherlock had nearly destroyed him. Did she think John could just move on a second time and never put together the truth? Granted, he could not do it as fast as Sherlock, but John wasn’t stupid and one day, something would click and he would know. She would not do anything to prove her love unless she got what she wanted out of the game. She will do anything, including destroy her husband, to keep the truth from him. She would kill for him and that was very sexy in a twisted way, but she would also cause him irreparable harm just to keep him and that wasn’t really something he considered love.
"It doesn't matter. Nothing matters to me. Not a bloody thing. I have nothing. Nothing to give to anyone. I don't … want anyone. Not even, just to be a meaningless shag. I don't even…"
"Rhino. I'm injured. You have hurt my feelings. You have forgotten me, haven't you?" he cuts in as if scolding a small child.
"Sherlock Holmes. That's nice. Nope, not the name of a serial killer, at all. They always have common names like John, Peter, William or Robert. Sherlock Holmes, Consulting Detective. It sounds very official, even if you did make it up. You'll need to get your jacket mended if you intend to look the part." She nods in approval.
The next year it had been a heavy coat, precisely tailored to his smaller stockier frame. It was made by the same company who had made Sherlock's trademark coat. This was not a copy of it. This one was not charcoal, but a deep umber. John felt silly in it, but he dreaded spring when it would be too warm to don it for months.
That purposeful harried search faded as she began to calm down from her manic state. She locked the door and walked down the stairs. The window at the bend of the stairs let a bit of vaguely colored light stream to the floor of the landing. She happened to look down and spotted something shiny in the corner. She bent down, shifting the burdensome blue bag onto her shoulder and picked up the little cufflink.
He sighs, and shakes his head, "No. No, not what just crossed your mind. I mean, I need a lab. A real one. If you could sneak me into Bart's late at night, I could use one of the labs and then we could go up to the chapel and I could teach you to play the piano in exchange."
“You are telling me you have never heard of Sherlock Holmes?” He crossed his arms and then his legs. “Before you go there, he was not my boyfriend.”
She looked at him eyes wide and confused expression mixing with desire. Breath, deep and even, she asked, “How did he end that lovely thought?”
John finds the words 'IRATE MUNCH FERODO' on an overpass train track. He looked around and to his left saw a police station and wondered if someone needed bail. He shook his head and walked under the trestle and spotted a royal blue sandwich shop called 'Mighty Bite'. He crossed the street with a grin and peeks through the one inch metal grate but the interior is only lit by a Pepsi machine. The shop was empty.
He, what kind of a name is Sherlock, at once had John's attention. There was nothing like this man. He was ethereal and graceful and petulant and aloof and beautiful.
John was angry now and he crouches into a low, tackle position. Bloody nose and eyes wild, he anticipates Sherlock's quick sidestep and his head dead-centered Sherlock's chest; the two of them tumbled into a jumble of flailing limbs, grumbling and wrestling. John comes out on top and returns the joy.
John had little doubt what the sound meant. "Bloody hell, Sherlock," he whispered as he slipped out of his restraints.
John noticed Sherlock watching his father with cool boredom as he let his violin sing the new tune with precision, yet he rarely glanced at his part.   He couldn’t help but wonder exactly what Sherlock was deducing about the maniac with the violin.  He certainly was not making deductions of paternal ties to himself with that expression of disdainful tedium he was wearing. The turn-ups on his tux must have fooled Sherlock.    John pulled out his camera phone and took several pictures, in case he ever needed proof that the great Sherlock Holmes doesn’t know all things at all times.
"He's been here a long time, Rhino. And he isn't on our side. Which is why you are about to very publicly commit suicide by jumping in the Thames. We need to do something spectacular to get you out of all this. So, first things first, then we are off to Switzerland. We can mollycock our mutual sorrows on the way."
"The bugs are fine, Sherlock.  Mycroft will take them away if you like?  After this I assume you wont be keen--"
"Here, let me dust off your back, you idiot." Sherlock says with a roll of his eyes. He begins dusting John's clothing off with determined swipes and moves around behind him.
“Pretty damn smart, then,” John throws back just to see what Sherlock will say.  John knows he’s the lag-behind in the room most of the time in present company, but he did just talk his friend out of asphyxiating himself in his own damned mind palace. He figured it out when they could not.  He’s not ashamed of how very pleased with himself he is at the moment.
-umentary all about you and Sherlock, solving crimes, tragic lovers, dead before your time. Blah, Blah, Blah. It was quite moving," he says, purposefully crossing his eyes to convey that it was probably ghastly and sentimental twaddle.
“Yes.  But, the code didn’t exist then.  It doesn’t exist now, in fact.  But, if the two logics, the two concepts were to be combined, who wouldn’t want it for themselves.  Mycroft, wants it destroyed, he wants Tigers people hunted down and questioned. He wants the maestro murdered by others, because our people want to gather the two factions and push the technology.  The other layers want some combined variation on that theme.  But Maestro isn’t a buffoon and nobody knows where he has these secrets or how they work.  The Swiss are very protective of their native grown genius and this venue is one of the few vulnerabilities.”
Sherlock bloody Holmes, the most beautiful man he had ever seen.  He really needed his eyes checked.
"Yeah?  Well, you ought to tell the bees that because bugs are outside my medical training.  So, help yourself to interrogating them.  Believe you have a key?  Best of luck,"  John said with hostility just under the bubbling point.
John zoned out, unable to follow along, eyes focused on Sherlock but far away from the Citation cabin.
“Perfectly adequate assessment.  I think perhaps your association with my son has greatly accelerated you leaps of logic.”  Rat pulled a dark formal tux with a morning coat and swallowtail cut free from the garment bag and examined it.  It actually was not black, but the deepest hue of aubergine.  It set off Fords grey salted waves and somehow made the wood on the violin look richer.  He dug in a box, to try on the shoes and next to that was a box of other accessories.
John shook his head and gestured no with his hand. “If there are any left when I am done talking. I felt like a total tit for buying them when I got here, but it seems to have done the trick. Anyway, what I need to say, well…when you died. I had lots of regrets. But one…yeah…one nearly destroyed me but it was not as bad as the one that haunted me. The first one was that I was afraid that it was my fault. I was your friend and I didn’t do a bloody thing to … well to stop you. I just stood there waiting for you to explain and then you did and I refused to comprehend while at the same time I … well what I need to say is, in that moment, I would have done anything. Anything at all. I would have given my own life without a thought, would have been chuffed about it even, if it only would have stopped you.”
“Do keep him under wing, Sherri.  He’s yours now.” She had patted his arm and moved on to the other mourners.
Fifteen days before Christmas, Sherlock was let out of hospital. John had not moved out of Mary’s flat, nor had he quite taken up residence in Baker Street, but instead he was on a constant loop of musical sleeping quarters. Now that Sherlock was home, he knew he had to stay with him at least for the first few days and he and Mary were both still wrapped up in their careful Samurai silence, neither able to make the first move and lose the strategic advantage. It was still a war, but a cold war.
New eyes examined the seemingly obvious answers. There had been a certain allure to that taciturn flat-mate of his. Holmes had been most attractive ascetically in his tailored cloths and stylishly off beat grace. He had that understated panache of truly great wealth. Poor John, silently mourning a lover and they had taken so long to catch on.
“Congratulations , you will be the first man in history to be buried in his own Mind Palace, “ Mycroft offers as explanation.
She chewed her lip and sighed. “So nothing has changed in the long run.” She nodded and did the cute nose wrinkle he liked when she was being sarcastic.
Mycroft speaks softly, "That is simply not the fact, dear brother. He grounds you. Or has in the past. That is far from the case at this point, but I do understand the feeling. You see, you have always grounded me. If I lose you, of course I will survive. I have long expected it, in fact. I could make my peace with the event if you were killed in a way that meant something. Have you any ability to understand the torture it would be to me, to know that your little drug addiction or John Watson addiction, cost me the only person who ever … meant as much to me as you do? I have made errors with you. I will be the first to admit it. But can you honestly say in your heart that you can't see that my position and vast resources are, at this very moment, the only thing standing between John Watson and a headstone?"
Mycroft brushes fastidiously at the slight wrinkle her hand has left on his sleeve. He made a disgusted noise and when he looks back up, his face is again that pleasant, smiling mask of fury he plays so well. The eyes gave it away: it is hatred, not amusement. "Be that as it may, you owed them both the courtesy of not deviating from the plan. The consequences… I fear John's suicide is just the tip of the iceberg. Tragic as that alone may seem, you have no idea where the ordnance was stored so you have no idea what may blow up in your face." Mycroft's eyes are slits of anger. He tugs at his collar and his breathing is harsh. "You are a very foolish girl, Miss Hooper. Now, get out of my sight and if you happen to hear from our dead duo, I expect an immediate review of all information."
Sherlock sits quietly until John finally turns his head back to him and gestures for Sherlock to continue. He looks into New John's eyes and leans forward, begging his best friend's replica to understand. " She was all I had left of you and I gave her the only joy I had in me to share. Yes, I manipulated her into thinking very little of me afterward. I pretended to be rather insane. I gave her my best bolt hole and Mycroft will take her into protective custody soon. I may have exaggerated his intent towards her, but in the end, she will win him over. Please comprehend John, you are not here and I have to carry on. It is a fate far worse than boredom and far crueler to me. She will never again see me as anything but ordinary, but that view will protect her. Her anger will give her all the strength she needs now."
It was stupid to have made promises to her he couldn't keep. He promised to love her and honor her and he did neither. He meant to, but it was more than he had to give. She had never pushed him, but as time slowed and they lost that initial something, she somehow understood who he was having some internal impossible affair with.
"That is for leaving me to go be dead. And this…is for leaving me…making me watch you die. Making me your bloody witness, 'Stay right there, John!' And this…is for you leaving to go be dead.. dead! You. Egotistical…Bastard!" he said wailing on Sherlock's face, teeth and nose be damned and still receiving the odd blow in return. The blows are painful, to be sure, but John isn't putting any power into the jabs.
He looked toward Sherlock, but didn't meet Sherlock's eyes in the reflected silver square. He spoke calmly but there were tremors that kept forcing him to clear his throat. Sherlock studied him, but didn't move as John attempted to explain. "I'm not a leader. Being your sidekick, your assistant…it suited me. But knowing you didn't come back for me. That the next time you perceived me as an inconvenience…you'd leave me again. Or at some point, you go off and get yourself killed permanently rather than…thinking of trusting me, the way I always trusted you. I lived to redeem you and you found no value in that pursuit. You danced for Moriarty. Now you were dancing for Mycroft. You pay attention to people who make you dance, Sherlock. I thought. I thought perhaps…if I made you dance you would notice me."
"Your bitterness is annoying. Please, exhaust your need for affront quickly; I will make every effort to accept it without taking it in a subjective intention. It is quite appropriate for you to exacerbate the tension between us and test that I won't lash out at you for whatever pain I have instigated. " Sherlock turns and flops into his chair, coat pulled tight and face set in his leaden mask of fury.
He hadn't expected to be in a fist fight and he never saw the blow coming. He clutches his nose painfully and curses under his breath. Standing there holding his nose, John looked at Sherlock like a puppy whose tail has been trod upon.
"I don't know," she murmurs back. She is holding everything she feels inside but she is shaking with the force of the battle. She wants to be strong for him and she knows Sherlock must need her comfort right now, but nothing can stop the kind of artillery she and he have just endured. They hold each other and take comfort that neither is alone in this empty world in which John Watson doesn't breath.
John couldn't have cared less. He could only stand here and look at his one day home, the only splurge he'd allowed himself with Sherlock's money, where he would rest next to Sherlock someday, and secretly tease his heart with how soon he could complete his book obligations.
John scrambled to a new position, much less trusting of his companions luck.    Rat tucked his weapon away and squatted down next to the old man who was clearly wounded and not going anywhere, before he gently relieved him of the micro-machine-gun and laid it to the side.  “Well, don’t tell me, all this frekin time that you were a traitor after all.”
John took in the disaster of Sherlock's face.  The bees had somehow determined that the left side was far more dangerous than the right side and yet John could not have found that hopeful look in his one good eye more sexy.   He leaned in gently and touched his lips to Sherlock's enormous, abused lips and the heat of the wounded side in contrast to the cool dry right side sent an incredible array of pleasure signals straight to John's lower spine and he hummed in pleasure as Sherlock pressed forward oblivious to the pain when John had finally allowed him the desire of years of pent up fantasy.
Sherlock preened slightly which did not have the normal effect it did when his face did not look like a potato.  "Simple really.  SugarSin.  The box on top.     It is a little Willy Wonka of wonders in Russell street and he always uses them for displays of amorous overture...he has an account.  Box that size...expensive and they only use that style for their special orders. Serious display of bank and he always gets a return on his investments. Of course he would never send that to me.  Spent a month in hospital after...after I was shot and readmitted...and had to beg him to bring me even a decent toothbrush and razor.  Oh...and the clothing.  Can you smell the tweed?  He is absolutely right of course, you will look fantastic in Mark Powell. Four boxes, it is a wardrobe.  Not my style...not my colours...it will make me lust after you though, beyond all sanity.  The next box actually is for me.  Dressing gown, comforts and probably some boring case file he can't be arsed to glance at.  An appeasement for stealing my pathetic hope when he could display all the marks of a perfect companion.  Especially for you, John.  Responsible, thoughtful...always in control...yet highly dangerous.  He could appear on your arm and not embarrass you like I do and he is very good at all the social niceties that you set such store by...I have no ability to compete with that...I am-"
"No. Not at that moment. I told him, because I could see his mind working and it was not going to figure out anything that would end well. He was so distant. I thought it would help. He did scare me but the gun was not loaded. I wasn't in any real danger. I didn't know he had the clip in his pocket."
He yanked on the door and she smiled sweetly knowing her foot was an effective lock. “Or what? You will melt me with your cute death glare? Did they teach that in the army? You are right, I don’t know very much about you. It doesn’t mean I don’t know anything. Can I form some opinions? Yes, you are Dr. Droopy. Old war hero who loves to hate the world and thinks ending it all will solve all his little problems. The whole world sits on your shoulders and while you could be shagging half the pretty young things in this office, you would rather be alone.”
Sherlock partially closes his eyes, not finishing his wish and it didn't matter, because the light was so bright and there was nobody around to hear his wish anyway.
"You call this a success? I think not. Failing to factor in the bridge structure may have been a slight bloody oversight too. Started off fine, then someone hit the throttle and I was spinning like fish bait out there and met up with a pylon hard enough to hope I don't get sued for intentional structural failure in a few years. Couldn't get untangled and then took a beam from the Matilda Briggs." John grouched satisfyingly. He and Rat had a long standing joke about their excruciating time spent on a ship of that name."You
Few people on this earth ever were allowed to suppose that Mycroft had a heart. Hearts were dismal overburdened liabilities. They were so easily broken but hard to mend. Mycroft had grown a bit lax under John Watson's helpful influence. John had represented a motive to excel far beyond any incentives Mycroft had ever been able to establish. John had become Sherlock's family.
John stands and waves Mycroft away. “Actually, would you mind?”  He points toward the front of the plane and his now sleeping wife.
Sherlock was here, and real and reaching out to him, begging for him to save him and John was too insanely aware of the miracle, in that moment, to question the means. John stepped off the ledge of right and justified anger and folded himself onto Sherlock's lap and buried his face in his neck, finally taking in the first breath of life in three years. The distant faint scent of rapture he'd gone to such lengths to preserve and savor in tiny gulps like a stingy alcoholic filled his pours with ecstasy and he sighed as the arms he'd needed for so long finally encircled him gluing the broken pieces and sealing them in warmth.
John searched the internet that next day for information on his potential flat mate. What he found, the science of deduction, proved more confusing than he expected. He wondered if the whole thing was a spoof of some sort. Some things did make sense, that people had no idea how much they could determine about those around them if they simply paid attention. John felt that was true. He used the same sort of thing in his profession, though to a lesser degree than asserted here.
“The plane went down? A bloody bomb…I knew it.”  John would say, never dreaming that she would be about to tell him the thing this man in front of him had possibly intended.  A bomb indeed.  A bomb to destroy the mind palace never concerned that the transport would follow.
"Oh, John. I have quite made total pants of this, haven't I?" He feels the damp mud seeping into his cloths and rakes in a sigh of disgust at the thought of being found in such a boring and appalling condition.
"No. He only had one move. It had worked every time and it worked this time too. The grass is always greener, Sherlock. You proved it. And…"John held up his hand to stop the protest already forming on Sherlock's lips. "And, if you picked the right pill, he would have stopped the game. He would have shrugged, laughed and said you could have beaten him."
He laughed more that night than she’d seen him laugh the whole time she’d worked in the clinic. It was a coincidence that she happened to return to the clinic one night after hours only to find six men trying to beat John up to gain access to the same cabinet, full of a fortune in street value drugs. She sensed danger and slipped her handgun from her purse and silently assessed the situation. John was not whimpering or begging for mercy, he was already bloody, out-numbered, knew for a fact that as soon as he told them, they would probably slit his throat and the cocky little bastard was laughing at them, making fun of them.
Molly hasn't even thought to scramble for clothing. She stares at him as if she's gone deaf and mute. "You…I…" is all she squeezes out.
"No. It would drive him insane. He's probably pouting on some heavenly couch at this moment fuming and shrieking that he's bored." Mycroft said softly smiling.
Two shrieks were heard followed by Sherlock’s frustrated voice through gritted teeth, “They were for an experiment!”
Sherlock groaned and broke the kiss. "Lestrade...as always your timing is abominable. Are you recording this?  Never pegged you for a pervert!"
He had saved John, then betrayed him because he let his emotions and the scene he’d just witnessed get under his skin.  He knew John was a mess, but when he’d begged, it had broken something in Ford and he’d tried to say no at first, but it was John and he failed the test of temptation.
They had both aged at least ten years.  Sherlock wondered what John would think of him if he came back.  Sherlock prepared the needle. John never looked at him.
He would not leave until Sherlock would live forever, but as soon as that was finished, John had no intention of postponing his deepest and honestly ever-present wish. It would surprise some people, but really, he didn't feel connected to any of them now. He knew where he belonged.
“Would help if you didn’t lie to me.  Hard to understand someone who would save me in an alley and effectively take the same route and leave without a word.  I knew I’d been with someone.  That wasn’t the only time it had occurred since he…after I thought he’d died because of me.  Mycroft, intervened too, once…well his men did.  Both of you knew Sherlock was alive.  Both of you saw, where his death put me.  But not one person had a second’s pity.”
