“Look, Dean, I...I’m sorry for what I said at Bobby’s. I really shouldn’t have said those things.”
Castiel felt the splintering of his own heart as he replied, “Yes, that is what I’m saying.”
Sam takes a deep breath and lets it out again through pursed lips. “An epidemiologist. So it’s possible he could know more than anyone about the virus.”
He’d spent two nights alone in the guest suite at Campbell House—a gesture of hospitality he could never hope to repay, but that he appreciated nonetheless. Outside of that first morning there, Dean never tried to touch him or even came particularly close, and Castiel wondered if he was having second thoughts about their relationship, or was perhaps just wary of injuring him further.
In the center there’s a large group of guys, older underclassmen by the looks of it. They’re giving off a definite fraternity bro vibe, all laughing and making off-color jokes, and it takes a moment for Dean to realize there’s a person lying flat on his back. He recognizes him as Garth, a short and mousy-looking guy who comes to the bar sometimes and chats with Jo. He’s only a senior, so Dean doesn’t know him that well, but the few times they’ve spoken he’s been nothing but nice and friendly. A flash of anger burns through him at the sight of Garth on his back, surrounded by idiots, his face slack and terrified.
The image at the end of the chapter was created using text from Project Gutenberg and edited by Ellen.
Sam looks at Dean, then back to Castiel, his cheeks tinged pink. "Dean, you don't need to—"
“Winchester.” Crowley looks over to Rosco for a moment, his brow furrowed. “Why does that name ring a bell?”
Dean let go of her shoulders to grasp at his throat, clawing at her hands desperately as air quickly grew short. Pain flared. He developed an instant headache as her grip tightened, and lightning shocks of agony throbbed through his neck. Muscles crunched.
“Welcome, comrades,” she says formally. “Thank you for being here, for risking your own safety each and every day to make our society a better place.”
But Dean is so…
Dean shrugs, managing a smile through the turmoil in his head. “I hope it’s enough to get the farm back into gear.”
Sam shrugs again. “I dunno, he seemed pretty fond of you.”
Dean springs into action, casting a manifestation spell and sending it down the Well, lighting up the container as it goes. Castiel holds his new patch tightly compressed, ready to expand it where it’s needed, but Dean only shakes his head.
If Dean and Sam are staying for long he might be able to get some meat out of his cold stores, but for now, the mushroom crop has been plentiful lately in the dark, cool basement, and the hens have been laying in their house again so the eggs are easy to find.
Dean draws a breath, then lets it out again. He tries to infuse his words with a bravado he isn't feeling. “Come on, it's gonna be fine. We're strong together—even you on your own could work miracles, Cas. We’ve got this.”
A commotion at the door draws Dean’s attention. The directors enter the room, their demons trailing them—some large infernals, two imps running between the councillors’ feet, a large hellhound trailing one of them.
He heard Sam say, “What the hell’s going on, Ellen?”
Ducking under the trees, Castiel soon discovered they were no shelter at all—the rainwater simply filtered down through the leaves and dripped in fat drops onto them still. The buildings alongside the edge of the park weren’t far away, though, and Castiel grabbed Dean by the hand, since that was the nearest part of him, and tugged him in that direction. He found it hard to see in the dim twilight with the rain running into his eyes, but Castiel was sure he saw Dean smile. In any case, rather than drop his hand once they started moving, Dean gripped it tightly as they ran the remaining distance to the buildings, and Castiel’s heart sang the entire way.
“How very prepared of you, Castiel,” Dean remarked with a grin.
Castiel lifted his eyebrows at her, throwing Lucy a glance as Becky pressed on. Lucy merely looked on in fond amusement.
in an unsettling way. She opened her eyes—black as night, as she turned her head with an unnatural movement to regard Lady Donn staring wide-eyed from the stage.
He can feel Castiel’s eyes on him as he walks towards Anael, and he wants to send his husband a quick reassurance, but isn’t quite sure what information to share yet. There’s a good chance that Dean is wrong, very wrong, but there’s another part of him that sees Anna’s recent years of partying and one-night stands and sees right through it all. That’d been his MO before Castiel had knocked him off his feet.
Castiel gets to his feet, his knees shaky as he hauls Dean up beside him. He attempts to catch his breath as he surveys the standoff.
“I—” Castiel didn’t want to admit to Gabriel that he’d already been trying to do that. He had no idea about human courtship, but Dean had seemed responsive to his advances so far—the pretty flower had been well received, even if the shiny bracelet with the stone like Dean’s eyes hadn’t. But Dean had given him food, which had to count in any culture, he was sure.
“Yes, very good,” Campbell said, preceding Castiel back to his seat. He sat down, waiting silently while Castiel poured out his tea.
(See the end of the chapter for
The cat follows him out into the kitchen, rubbing up against his legs as he makes some toast. He steps around it, wondering what he should do. He could take the cat to a vet, or a shelter? But didn't they just put stray animals down? He doesn't want to be responsible for a death—besides, a beautiful, healthy cat like this must belong to someone. Perhaps he could ask around, see if anyone's lost a cat.
When Castiel opens his eyes, he’s disoriented. He feels warm, safe...and he’s not alone. He half-sits up, startling Dean.
“Excuse me?” Dean said, indignant.
"You okay?" Dean asks, and Cas realizes he's been frowning.
The petite but fiery presence of Lady Rowena appeared at Charlie’s side, and Castiel exchanged a demure bow with her before she smiled at him. “Nice to see you about in the crowd, Mister Novak,” she said, her smile turning teasing. “I was beginnin’ to think you were chained to those teacups o’ yours!”
“Hey, Cas. Miss me?” Dean says, his cheeky grin in place. He claps his hand to Cas’ shoulder and an arc of magic zaps between them.
As Dean nodded and murmured, “Likewise, Sir,” the Frenchman turned to Castiel.
Dean takes the first shower, using the bathroom upstairs so he doesn’t disturb Sam. When he walks back outside, Cas has brought blankets and pillows out to the wide daybed. He’s set up in what looks like a nest, nursing the bottle of whiskey they’d opened last night.
day, since he sleeps until the afternoon. Things like that friendly email Dr. Novak had sent him just last Sunday. Or that whole,
(See the end of the chapter for
Rowena doesn’t bother to conceal her eyeroll as she turns towards Castiel and Dean.
“God, just imagining you kissing me gets me going,” Dean confesses, fingers skating across the hard bulge in the front of his boxers. “Fuck.”
Dean lay back on the soft bedding, shuffling himself up the bed while Castiel opened one of the drawers in his dresser and brought something over with him—a small glass container of the oil used for lubrication, Dean guessed.
He’s actually
Dean moves forward and presses their lips together, then tilts his head, deepening the kiss. Castiel trails his hand down Dean’s neck and around to the back of his head, threading his fingers through Dean’s short hair. He feels so different in his arms than Meg ever did, not only in physical size, but he’s firm, and strong. He’d wondered for a while now if he might freak out if he ever got to this stage with a guy, but he doesn’t feel like he’s doing something wrong here. In fact, as he licks into Dean’s mouth, moving his hand across the broad plane of his chest, he’s never felt so much like he belongs here, like this is home and he never wants to leave. It’s a dangerous feeling, and it brings him up short so that he pulls back from Dean, leaving him gasping.
“You set me up,” he says bitterly, the deep betrayal in his voice making Dean gape. His brother is a freaking genius—how did he not see this coming? “You manipulative bitch.”
Charlie heads outside to make the call, away from the noisy crowds. Dean spends the time anxiously fetching more drinks, wondering if it was a good idea to even tell Charlie about Castiel. She can be a little focused when she’s got a new project.
? What d'you think?"
think—his eyes were blinded by the flare of holy fire as it ripped in front of him, foiling the...the
As the minutes tick by, though, Cas' skin starts to prickle and itch. His computer restarts itself twice within a few minutes before he gives up on it in disgust, closing it with a snap and switching the TV on instead.
Warlocks of the Grove may draw magic for power-generating spells and rituals from their demons, but their Earth magic comes from pulse points across the Earth’s surface. This sacred grove is one of many across the country. A cluster of ancient trees stands here, paths running through and around it. And this is where Cas has decided the ritual must be performed.
“Deano, you all right?” Jo appears beside their table, hands on her hips and grinning wickedly. “I could see you blushing all the way from behind the bar.”
And behind them, Castiel is shocked and a little horrified to see Ruby and Sam. When Sam catches sight of Castiel, his eyes widen in shock as well. Ruby looks even more smug than usual.
This time when Castiel’s eyes met his, they held.
Sam throws a withering look at Dean's retreating back. "Sorry about him. It's a difficult subject, for
Cas turns back to Dean, a relieved laugh on his lips.
Dean nods, remembering a similar discussion in Castiel’s office a few days ago. “Let’s get this show on the road,” he says, grinning, and Castiel returns the look with equal gusto. He takes a determined step forward and cracks the door, Dean following close on his heels.
Dean takes his plate out of the microwave, the edge of the porcelain hot enough to burn his hand. “Dammit,” he mutters, dropping the plate onto his bistro table and grabbing some silverware.
“Seems fair.” Castiel brings their bodies closer, and Dean shivers again at the cold, wondering if they oughta start walking soon. The moment he has the thought, though, his iciness evaporates, Cas’ magic flowing through him like a softly spreading fire.
Sam was still and quiet, but Dean knew he understood. They didn’t speak of it much, Dean’s inclination to not only marry for love, but his habit of loving men just a little more than he did women. Women were fine and pretty, a fun way to pass the time, but his heart didn’t often beat for them in the same way it did for a strong jawline or wide shoulders.
Dean’s chest gives a painful lurch at the mention of Cas. Taking a mouthful of his whiskey, he nods. “Thanks, Charlie.”
On the side of a small valley created by the hills surrounding the village of Down Campbell, Dean stretched out his stockinged feet in the sun. His boots were kicked off to his left, haphazard on the picnic blanket spread beneath him, and his hat, cravat, and waistcoat formed a small pile to the right, mixed in with Castiel’s items. They lazed, bellies full, with Castiel behind Dean, his back against a tree with Dean sitting in the vee of his legs and pulled up against his chest. One of Castiel’s hands rested on Dean’s stomach, warm and familiar beneath his shirt, and the fingers of his other hand traced tiny whorls on the soft skin of Dean’s inner wrist.
He suspected his father had allowed it because the lady was showing an inordinate interest in Sam, and Sam, the big idiot, seemed to be lapping it up. By the time Dean had gone back downstairs, Amelia had gone, but he'd confronted Sam about it.
He had missed his sister so much while he’d been abroad. Their shared journey as pilgrims all those years ago had brought them close, and it had been somewhat of a locally scandalous topic—a young, unmarried woman travelling abroad to such volatile areas—but at least she’d had her brother with her as chaperone.
He needs to get this planting done. Then he needs to get the taller one—
“I intend to do my best to let her down gently, and return to Cheltenham as soon as I am able.”
“Oh, of course,” Castiel muttered, glancing around. The punch seemed to be rather more potent than he had expected.
Cas is aware of the electrical charge running over the outside of Dean’s clothing now, rippling over his t-shirt. He feels the rising tide of energy through his feet and running along his limbs again, and lets it go with a hoarse cry. He feels it rushing through his hands into Dean, sees Dean’s eyes glowing blue-white while the roaring magical charge flows, but he holds firm. The light above their heads pops again and glass rains down just behind Dean’s back. His eyes fade back to normal and they are both plunged into darkness as the charge dissipates.
She grins. "I just wanted to see if he could do it, really. I wasn't expecting…" She trailed off, holding her wrist up to inspect the angry mark.
Castiel casts his eyes back to Sam, who is shifting uncomfortably. "Actually," Castiel says, "we've met."
“Dean,” he says, stepping back to see the full effect. “Can you hold it there for a moment?”
Then he teleports to the only place he feels safe. His hands are gripping the steering wheel of his Impala instantly, eyes heavy with unshed tears the moment he’s alone. He pulls the keys from his pocket and starts the engine, looking into the rearview mirror warily. All he wants now is miles of empty highway.
“Very little,” he admitted solemnly. “You should take a look at the body though, Sir.”
The relief flows through Dean all over again, and he smiles, bringing his free hand up to place his palm on Cas’ cheek. “I’d like that,” he murmurs, and leans forward after all. Lips meet, and fireworks explode, just like the clichés say. Except no, Dean thinks absently as he moves his mouth gently against Cas’, those are real fireworks going off somewhere in the outside world.
Charlie gave a steady response, and then, with a tiny, coy smile, Dean saw Castiel’s lips echo her: “I will.”
Castiel nodded, looking down again at the dim shape of the dead man. He took a deep breath, the cool night air biting into his lungs.
Castiel blinks at him. “Nothing, I guess. It’s just a label for strong affinity. The strongest.” He looks back at the book, a little hurt by Dean’s skepticism. But he now has a feeling Anna had been right. “It just means that together, we’re more powerful than we can imagine.”
Dean stops struggling and watches as Sam throws the second energy ball at Crowley. This time, Crowley powers up an elemental shield and blasts the attack away, making a burst of sparks fly out and shower around him.
“Uh, thanks,” he mumbles, not sure how much information to divulge. “Interrupting when you did, you probably just saved my ass.”
"Missouri, I don't think I can work with Dean."
chicken-hammed - bow-legged
“Lady Bradbury, Mister Winchester,” he greeted them, dipping his head politely as he balanced the tray on the edge of the cloth. “Would you like some more tea? I have fresh biscuits, too, just out of the oven.”
Dean touched the amulet himself, picking it up to look at it wrong-way-up.
“Indeed. Found this morning in Southwark. Go there and find out what the rest is. You know how this goes, boy. Get outta my office.”
Castiel looks down at the glass. He hadn't sensed the magic in it at all until it was in his mouth, but it had to be lay magic. Nothing else could alter moods like that, invoke
Cas moved his hand from where it rested on the boat to gently run his fingertips down the side of Dean’s face, his thumb brushing Dean’s bottom lip on the way past.
A few days later, I found Dean at the kitchen table. He turned the laptop towards me and asked, “You think Cas would like these?” There was a pink tinge to his ears, but otherwise he looked completely serious as I took in the fuzzy socks on the screen—blue, and covered with little suns.
They hurried to the apartments in Sackville Street and Castiel bid farewell to Dean at the showerbath door. Castiel had no particular wish to share the bathing chamber with Dean again for fear he’d embarrass himself, and he was sure relief passed across Dean’s face when he said he would retire to his rooms. Dean was the one who’d caught the brunt of the fighting, after all.
Bobby shuffled back from the desk and got to his feet. “That can wait for tomorrow. Why don’t you boys go get some rest? We’ll make a plan of action in the morning.”
The priest before them—the same vicar who’d been putting Dean to sleep with his Sunday sermons since he was a boy—beamed at them both so proudly, anyone would have thought he orchestrated the match himself. Dean thought it would be more difficult, to stand up in front of him, in his house of God, and lie. But was he lying, really, compared to so many uses of the word? After much thought, Dean had decided that he didn’t believe so. He’d promise to love and care for Charlie, and most certainly he would. Maybe not in the way the words were intended, but he’d love her, nonetheless. And, without a doubt, love was the entirety of the reason why they were there. If love was all that he had to make his peace with God about, then perhaps he hadn’t done so badly in life.
Rosco and Crowley both look over to her—they can hear footsteps and shouts out in the library floor. He grits his teeth again, but his rising temper won’t be tamed. Fuck Crowley and this whole shitshow. “It’s too late,
In any case, there was a chance this man was a shipwreck survivor just like Dean, and for that reason he felt like he needed to help him. He'd get Cas to Bobby. The old man had helped wanderers in the past—Dean was sure he'd know what to do with Cas.
Dean puts up his hands, his eyes wide. “What? You were struggling, I thought you needed a bit of, y’know…help.”
Castiel spent the rest of that day in a daze. He and Dean had parted after luncheon with lingering kisses and a promise to return on the morrow after church, as Dean had a card party he was expected to attend that evening.
Dean eyed his friend as they drew closer. The years had done him well, growing him into a broad-shouldered, well-built frame that he carried with a dignified sort of nonchalance. He looked just as beautiful as Dean had always remembered him.
The spell Dean had cast on it last week had been incredible, using elements from the original talisman spell Dean had found, plus incorporating his own flair that would make any Thaumatech proud. The amulet itself now pulses with energy, and Castiel has been refreshing a suppressing spell on it every few hours to hide it from the other mages in the building.
“Mister Crowley,” Dean greeted, bowing just a little lower than was necessary, buttering him up.
Dean steels himself, suppressing this whole train of thought for a day and a time when he can think through it more clearly, ‘cause yeah…that roast won’t prepare itself. He pulls himself from the warmth of Castiel’s arms with a regretful frown, but can’t help himself and plants a small kiss on his forehead before hitting the head. He slips on some loose-fitting sweatpants, and the first order of business after that is coffee. Dean finds it endearing that Cas has an actual coffee pot instead of those annoying keurigs. It occurs to him belatedly that he should’ve grabbed a shirt, because his torso is cold, so he goes to Cas’ laundry room and borrows an Oxford sweatshirt. It smells like him, or at least, smells like his detergent—floral and bright—and Dean grins to himself without wanting to acknowledge why.
Castiel calls out, “Hey! Stop that!” as he shoves his way forward again. He reaches the front of the crowd, circling the brawl just as the guy beating on Dean pulls a handful of fireball into his fist and winds back to hit Dean with it. Castiel quickly twists his fingers to pull water out of the air to dump on the guy, extinguishing the flame around his hand. He stands, blinking in surprise through his suddenly wet hair for barely a second, before Dean casts with one palm to the back of his other hand and pushes the guy over with a concussive force. Dean looks back at Castiel with a grin, but before he can rejoin the fight, Dean disappears upwards. The skinny guy who’d just been on the ground, Dean, and three of their opponents are held in the air above the crowd, their feet dangling while their arms are held to their bodies. Castiel looks behind him to see security guards casting from the edges of the crowd. Magical security doesn’t really need to get involved, after all—being able to cast from a distance has its advantages.
Still, not where he thought he’d be today. Sam is still gonna kill him. He leans his head on the shower tiles, letting the hot water run down his back. What the hell is he gonna say to his brother? Or his dad, for that matter. One crisis at a time, though.
A yellow-haired girl stood there, her blue eyes wide, holding a plate of something in her hands. She put the plate down quickly on the table in the room, then said, “Hi.”
“Did he indeed?” Dean murmured in reply, trying to concentrate on the letter to the editor he was reading, but Sam continued.
The carriage turned off the road and into a long drive. Dean asked, “We’ve arrived?”
He rolled over to better observe his…what were they now, to each other? His lover? His best friend? A label didn't matter, he decided.
a first,” Castiel quips, and Dean chuckles. He opens his mouth again, not quite sure what the hell he’s gonna say next, but then his phone is vibrating violently in his back pocket. He reaches for it and frowns.
Cas throws him a squinted look. “Dean, we eat at diners all the time. Jack loves the food in these places. Besides, how many more chances do you think we’ll get to do this before we find Chuck and Amara?”
Castiel stares at him, knowing he's right. Dean could be anywhere, and nowhere is particularly safe. He and Sam should separate and go home, but first…
he thought firmly.
Castiel actually leaves Dean alone that night, and most of the next day. Dean doesn’t push, letting him watch whatever he wants on TV. As for Dean, he scrolls aimlessly on his phone, complaining to Charlie now and then. He’d get out of the house, but all his friends are busy studying for their finals.
“This okay, Cas?” he murmurs, his arm around Cas’ back so that Cas is tucked into his side.
Beaming, Dean reached across and gave Castiel’s forearm a quick, appreciative squeeze. He tried not to linger…of course, there was no need to touch him at all, but apparently Dean was a masochist these days. “Excellent work,” Dean said warmly. “As much as I should be ashamed to admit it, given how I…well, how begrudgingly I accepted you as a partner, I do declare that you are actually rather good at this,” he offered quietly.
“I—I saved one. A human. His ship was damaged in a storm...he was drowning—”
Dean takes in the hungry look on the demon's face. He groans, crushing their mouths together in another bruising kiss. Castiel runs a scorching hot tongue across Dean's mouth, and he opens to let the demon in, his tongue brushing Dean's like hellfire, but tasting sweet.
They start the walk back through the orchard, the trees heavy with fruit that’s going to need to be picked soon. Dean’s been throwing himself into working on the farm the last few days—Cas assumes to take his mind off Sam’s departure. Around the corner of the drive, Meg is now nowhere to be seen, but Castiel can see the burnt shell of the shed on the far side of the vegetable gardens—there’s still plenty of work to be done trying to salvage whatever’s left of that.
This time, he actually succeeded. He wasn’t expecting it, so his sudden gasp got him a lungful of water and searing pain along his new legs. Kicking as hard as he was able, he swam up to the surface, coughing the water out of his lungs and breathing in sweet air. The day was bright and sunny, and he turned his face up to its warmth, feeling the stark contrast with the chill of the water.
Dean put his hand on Castiel’s shoulder, squeezing as he took a ragged breath. “Sam says the building itself appears sound. He’s not sure about the floorboards under that mess, but the ceiling is merely charred, not burned. You’ll still have your Tea Room, Cas.”
Stepping past Cas into his apartment, Dean shrugs. “Yeah I did. You sounded like you needed a friend.” Spotting Claire sitting on the living room carpet surrounded by piles of toys, he turns towards her. “There’s my best girl! How’re you doing, sweetheart?”
“Your sister?” Dean asks, curiosity bright in his eyes.
They barely get a chance to make sure Charlie is still okay, before Donna hurries them all out of the room so that Charlie can rest. Dean and Cas say their goodbyes to the rest of the coven, and Dean tells Sam he’ll catch up with him later.
“Cooperative magic,” someone says, a student who’s usually shy so Dean nods encouragingly.
“Crowley!” he called again, hating how desperate he sounded. “Take me back! I’ll help you against her!”
He scans the next section.
Back in the annexe, Sam is in the shower. Dean looks at the bed, standing empty of sheets, and tries to take a deep breath to let out some of the tension that is threatening to seize him up. Some kind of friend he is, some kind of brother. He's supposed to be protecting Sam, and instead nearly got him killed.
Dean grits his teeth under the strain. More shouts in the background go ignored as Castiel focuses on the Seal structure itself, trying to quickly work out how he might insert something over it to block the magic, but whatever he tries to insert, it’s blown away by the powerful energy blasting out of the focused Well.
Castiel murmurs, "Enjoy that," then heads for the door with a sinking feeling in his gut. It has to be Dean. He's seen them together a few times. He frowns, and hopes they'll be happy. He really needs to not think about Dean for a little while.
Castiel’s stomach does a swan dive. “What?”
Castiel turns to share a look with Dean, murmuring, “I’ll be right back.”
“Oh, hell no,” Dean interrupts firmly. “My white-picket-fence fantasy is playing out in 3-D for your own amusement. The least you can do is distract me.”
Sam sniffs, looking dubiously down at the blood trickling down his leg.
The lantern light bobbed and flickered as Winchester picked it up from its resting place on the grass, and he made sure Castiel was following him before he turned to head back towards where the carriage had waited for them all this time.
He wasn’t late, but he hurried—his employer rarely called in the middle of the night (or perhaps this was early morning? Dean was beyond being able to tell) unless it was something truly worth getting out of bed for.
A sense of foreboding crept over Dean as he handed off his hat to Jo, thanking her quietly before falling into step beside his brother. “What’s he want with me?” he asked.
“Hmm?”
Dean let out an indelicate snort. “That is not the impression I've formed.”
He passes the pen with its transparent rose to Dean. “For you,” he says, then grimaces as the rose petals wobble a little in place.
How Crowley even knows these battle magic spells is news to Castiel—they’ve never included offensive spells in his training, but that doesn’t mean someone else in their group hasn’t been teaching the lay magicians. How has Crowley been able to keep his magic undetectable for so long?
Dean grabbed the oars, pulling out suddenly away from the dock. Castiel happened to glance further out into the river and briefly saw Gabriel peeking above the water. As he smiled as his brother, Gabriel didn’t return it—instead, he shook his head, his side fins flaring in alarm, and mouthed something that Castiel couldn’t make out. When Castiel squinted at him in confusion, Gabriel shook his head and ducked under the surface, swimming quickly underneath them.
not understand, Cas? Do you really think that this is something new to me? That in this life I haven’t met many men with maladies like yours? That I haven’t myself seen things that, even now, if I were to think of them, would leave me a wreck? Come on, now. Don’t think that of me, please.”
Castiel bats his eyelashes, a droplet clinging to the edge that Dean shifts away with his finger. His frown is deep-set now as he steps closer to Dean, worry etched in every line on his forehead. “Do you really…feel that way?”
He hesitates, withdrawing his hand as a group of students walk past across the quad, heading the opposite way. When they've moved away again, he leans in close.
He’d spoken on about the group from St. Mary’s, about their continuing campaign for him to remove the corrupting influence of the books, but he stressed that Castiel should not “let them get their claws into him,” and despite his confusion over the library’s ultimate purpose, he certainly did not intend to.
"Maybe," he says, moving forward across the patchy grass, staring at the tree in front of him. Those are apples, he's almost certain, but as he reaches up to pick the lowest of them, he hears the unmistakable sound of running water. Apple in hand, he turns to the sound and rushes over to what looks like a long, straight ditch, leading down the slope from a pond. He clambers up to the edge—there's a large lip to lean down, but he unhooks the water bottle from his pack and fills it up. Drinking deeply, he sighs. Perhaps they have found heaven.
She threw open the other door to the carriage, taking Dean aback.
Now, Dean. He clicks over to the notes he'd been preparing over the weekend, as he updates them, wondering how they’re going to get through this project after their discovery that morning. He summons a small water sphere and threads it between his fingers. The casting this morning had been so powerful, he’s sure he can still feel the echoes of Dean’s magic zinging around his body. He pulls on the thread, smiling as the water ball increases in size.
"Dude, I just watched you collapse. I'm not gonna let you go off on your own," Dean says firmly.
“I already ate,” Castiel protested feebly, leaning back on his piled pillows after their exertions.
“Oh, Rosco. This isn’t what it looks like—I was just, uh…” His eyes dart around, obviously trying to come up with some story. Did he think he could just waltz in here in the middle of the night? The kid was fucked in the head.
Dean stared at him. Bobby and Sam had probably been laughing at Dean while they discussed his trauma. He frowned, looking back at the tangle of rope in front of him. No one was going to take his questions seriously. “Forget it.”
Castiel barely has time to glance quizzically at him before he shoots, the gunshot making Castiel jump backwards in fright.
When the tepid water was done trickling across his shoulders, Dean shook himself like a hound and hopped out of the base of the showerbath, reaching for one of the towels that were stocked ready, folded on the shelf nearby with the soap. Dean wrapped a towel about himself. He was no prude; in different circumstances, Dean was very comfortable with showing any part of his body to a handsome man like Castiel. But being around each other like this, with Castiel innocent of Dean’s base thoughts, felt almost dishonest.
When he turns back to blue-eyes, he's also giving the queen and her consort a glance, although he looks amused. Dean considers turning and slinking away in shame, but to his surprise, the guy reaches out and takes his hand. His grip is warm and strong, and more than one part of Dean perks up and takes interest.
Gabriel shook his head helplessly. “Only because I was worried about you as well. She noticed you were late a few times and cornered me. You promised me you’d be careful.”
At least the salon had been a success. The gathering had been quite amiable and interested in the readings, and Becky had certainly gone home happy, thanks to Mick Davies and his interest in her story. He would have to look into holding them on a regular basis.
Castiel's eyes drop again, like he catches himself staring. He gets back to work, stabbing the trowel into the soil.
Dr. Adler. The balding man regards him with open disdain at being bumped into, but when he realizes it’s Dean, he plasters on a patronizing grin.
“Not you?” Dean questioned.
“Cas, wait.” Dean jogs a few steps to catch up with Cas before he climbs the stairs.
Bobby stopped sewing for a moment, and eyed Dean again, before dropping his gaze to the five neatly coiled stacks of rope on the table in front of him. “Y’know, since I lost Rufus I can't quite keep track of the shop the way he used to. I could use someone around to give me a hand with inventory.”
The last thing he heard before plunging under was Sam screaming out, “Dean!”
“Up there, they don’t have tails like us, oh no—they walk about on two stumpy arms, like this.” He placed his elbows against the scales of his tail, waving them about to make the young ones giggle. “They call them ‘legs’, and they cannot swim well, but they walk, and run, and dance on the hard ground. And that, my younglings, is why merfolk loved to watch them. When each mer turned sixteen, we were allowed to journey to the surface and observe the world of humans—their bright towns and wonderful inventions—only from the shore, of course. We cannot breathe the air like they do, just as they drown and sink beneath the ocean. Only their dead bones can visit our fair city.”
Castiel is surprised when a black cat he met at a festival with his friend Charlie shows up on his doorstep. On Halloween, strange things start happening to Cas, electrical failures, telekinesis. He starts throwing out lightning and suddenly the cat turns into a naked man in his apartment. Turns out, Cas is a witch. They go to Stull Cemetery and help to hold the gate of hell closed with the rest of Dean's coven, but not before a bunch of demons escape. Dean is Castiel's familiar, and he takes him to his coven leader Bobby's RV, which teleports them to his house, where Cas is now meeting other members of the coven and learning a few things about witches and familiars. Pam arrives, and tells Castiel they've been expecting him...
He nods, gathering up his messenger bag and mustering a smile. “Okay, never mind, then. Thanks for the class. See ya ‘round, Cas.”
your thesis going anyway, Dean?” Charlie says, obviously trying to diffuse the tension.
“No, stop that. This is all on Adler. When I see him next, he’s getting a piece of—”
“I’ve got to talk to Crowley again—or Triton! Amelia is—”
She’s interrupted by Cas and Sam walking into the room, carrying more plates of food. Patience looks up and sees Cas, and her eyes get even wider before she closes her mouth, looking down at her plate.
Castiel swallowed his irritation. If he was going to be partnered with this stuck up buffoon for any length of time, he might as well try to make nice. “If you say so,” he murmured, with a small nod.
He stepped over to the shelves, running his fingers lightly along their spines. The idea that these books were a corrupting influence was preposterous—people needed escape from the day-to-day of their lives. Surely the pages of a book were a better option than, say, the bottom of a wineskin or a head full of smoke.
The guy's eyes return to Sam, and Dean sees the slightest softening in his face. He turns, saying gruffly, “Bring him.”
He changes a few of the words of his incantation, and shuffles forward, purposely knocking his foot into the candle in front of him, allowing it to flicker out as it hits the floor. He hears a gasp from behind him, from the watching teachers. That should do it.
Cas eventually clears his throat, standing in front of her and ushering Dean under the low-hanging branch that he’d disappeared under before. Dean stumbles forward. The goat doesn’t follow.
“I’m sorry, but there’s no way I can do something like that,” Castiel whispers, staring straight ahead. “I can’t… I’m just a professor. A new professor at that. I would have no idea what I’m doing.” He finally blinks and looks at them all, eyes shining. “How do you all have so much faith in me?”
coffee. 2) Print off copies of his outline for his presentation. 3) Explicate a century-old, super complicated, structural spellcasting design to a panel of professors who have the power to fail him, and ultimately, postpone his college graduation in two weeks.
to make. Pecan, pumpkin, chocolate, cranberry, sweet potato, various fruit pies.
Castiel was barely a movement behind him, stripping off his outer layers to reveal his weapons beneath.
“Son of a bitch,” he swears, blinking away the blurriness in his vision. He needs to regain his senses, needs to be ready in case he’s in danger, but all he can do is put his hands on his knees and breath in and out.
Could he really get rid of it? The novels were a part of this place—he couldn’t think of what it would be like with only the dry religious texts. He might have only been open for a few days, but he’d enjoyed the chance to sit down in the evenings after closing time, reading bits and pieces of his favourites. In fact just last night he’d opened the first volume of
Unaware of the turmoil in Dean's mind, Sam threw him a bitchface. "It's Sam. And, uh, thanks, I guess."
Sam turned his wide-eyed look at Dean. “Are you sure that’s a good idea? This might be a cultural thing for him. You can’t just force him to wear something else, Dean.”
“I’m just saying, I know the signs,” Castiel says lightly, dodging the question in a way that makes Dean chuckle. “Eager to please, asking questions they already know the answers to, staring at you at every opportunity…”
“Oh my—Dean?” Sam rushed over and knelt down beside him. “I don't believe it! Are you hurt? How did you—Dean, we thought you were—” He cut off, choked up at the last statement.
A hand on the small of his back startles him as magic flows into him, soothing the sudden spike of arousal that has him suddenly aware of the constricting denim around his crotch. Cas’ magic meets his own, and nearly makes his knees buckle with its intensity. Cas' grip on his arm gets tighter, but just as Dean's vision is starting to blur around the edges, Ms. Holmes and Missouri are in his field of vision, in front of Charlie. They'd been down the whole line while Dean was daydreaming? He straightens up as Cas' hand leaves his back. He just has to get through this ceremony, then he can sleep for a week. After a few drinks, of course.
“I’ll start the bath.” Castiel leaps off the bed excitedly, kissing Dean’s cheek as he passes. Dean laughs and pads into the kitchen, stark naked, searching for the wine opener. He admires their cozy little cabin with a pleasant sigh, hit with a wave of remorse that they have to leave tomorrow. Classes don’t start for a few weeks, but as professors, they both have to be back on-campus for various meetings and lesson planning. He doesn’t know what this semester holds for them, but Dean is hoping for some time to relax and enjoy each other’s company. It’s his final semester, and apart from his thesis defense, there’s nothing standing between him and graduation. After everything they’ve been through lately, surely they deserve some peace.
Balthazar looked at Castiel oddly. “Trap her? It would make more sense to trap yourselves,
He sighed as he stood, wiping himself down roughly with a fresh washcloth. Dreaming was all he would ever get, when it came to Dean Winchester. They were colleagues, partners in investigation, nothing more. He clenched his fist around the bandages Dean had wrapped around it.
Dean stays still as he watches the man turn and head away through the trees.
“Or what? You might come?” Castiel has a mischievous glint in his eye as his fingers brush Dean’s prostate again, using his free hand to stroke Dean’s cock. He uses precome to slick the way, his hand tight and steady, and Dean whimpers, his head falling forward against Castiel’s shoulder. “I want you to.”
“Well, I’d ask what’s new, baby bro, but Anna pretty well filled me in,” Gabriel begins, as Cas pops open a bottle of red wine and sits across from them, pouring generous glasses. “You two have been busy.”
Castiel opened the door. “Miss Carroll?”
“No, you’re ‘the enemy’ because you both like act dicks,” Dean says furiously. “I tried being your friend, but you’re so closed off, it’s like talking to a freaking brick wall!”
Castiel narrows his eyes, wondering what on earth that could mean. “Commodity…your blood?”
Jo, the front of house maid, arrived shortly after, jolting them out of their reverie. Dean requested drinks and a small repast to tide him over until Charlie arrived, and asked her to make sure his best jacket was prepared.
And that kiss...he paused, bringing one hand up to his mouth to touch his bottom lip, finding himself smiling before it all came crashing down again.
—whoever that may be—is about to summon
Castiel nearly chokes on the sip of whiskey he's just taken. "Excuse me? As I recall, you were the one who called me a dick."
Dean’s heart shattered. “Here, take this.” He reached out to take Cas’ hand, then pressed two twenty dollar bills—all the money that remained in his still-soaked wallet—into it. “Go to Grandport, find a new life, Cas. You’re better than this shithole, anyway.”
Dean hesitates. He really is never gonna hear the end of this. He lets out his breath on a long sigh. “He’s a freaking incubus, okay?”
Back at headquarters, the building was quiet. Most of the office staff had left for the day, but thankfully, when they sent word upstairs to Bobby, he was still in his office.
But she checks her watch, knowing she should clear out now before the auditorium begins to empty. She slips out the exterior doors as quickly as she entered them, taking long, stealthy strides across the courtyard. She has an important meeting, one she cannot miss.
Dean tossed the other two calling cards back into the salver for his father to see. Charlie’s, he tucked into his breast pocket. “Then I guess I’m taking the Marchioness to town later,” he said.
him. He’s not a lost puppy.”
Part 2 of 2 (from previous chapter). Dean and Cas. Lyrics from 'The Rain Song' by Led Zeppelin.
“That won’t be necessary,” the demon growls, stepping forward.
Dean waves him off. “That’s okay, I’ll do it. You go get Claire sorted and I'll take care of this.”
“Gentlemen,” a voice said beside them, startling Castiel. The man standing there was on the shorter side, his well-fitting black coat and dark waistcoat a contrast to the bright colours around him.
Castiel gritted his teeth, putting the conch into Dean’s hands and putting himself between Dean and Crowley, shielding him. “Then I choose him.”
Castiel makes a surprised hum and goes back to staring out into the distance, one hand shading his eyes. When he sees a break in the closest hedge, he points downhill. “Look, there’s a sort of path down to that gap, there—I’ll go take a look. Catch up when you’re ready?”
“Yeah, uh…I’m Dean. Dean Winchester.” He reaches his hand forward, expecting a handshake, but Castiel just eyes him with indifference. “We have an appointment?”
“See you later, at our thesis meeting?” Castiel asks casually, and Dean gives him a shy but enthusiastic yes, unsure how they’re going to revert back to academics after everything that’s transpired between them. Castiel gives them both one final smile before leaving the classroom, and the silence settles between Sam and Dean for a moment, the weight of it building.
“You like that, Dean? Gonna take all of it?” Cas’ rhythm falters for a moment, and a harsh cry rips out of him as he thrusts forward into Dean. Dean pulls at his own cock again, jerking it until he tips over the edge again, crying out, “Cas!”
“Yeah, well…I recall you being a total dick, Doctor Novak.” Dean chuckles and finishes the knot, but leaves it flipped backwards because the effect is oh-so-Cas. “You gave me shit about everything, man, even my GPA.”
Cas holds out a hand to help Dean up. "Once or twice," he says, then pulls Dean's body flush to him and puts his lips back on Dean’s.
“No,” he replies. “Thanks, but I owe it to my family to keep this place going as long as I can.”
Dean doesn’t respond, head buzzing, way too freaking overwhelmed to respond to such a loaded question, but Lisa just continues. “I think your advisor, Doctor Novak, is
Cas unsuccessfully wills his heart to slow. "Thanks, you didn't need to do that." He holds out his arms for Dean to give Claire back to him.
He smiled with as much confidence as he could, and patted Cas' shoulder with his free hand. “Okay, no worries, Cas. Everything will be okay.”
“Damn, you’ve gotten good at that,” Dean comments with a small chuckle, but then he remembers he has miles of tight, smooth, naked
, or the expectation that he bend to his father’s demands like a supple willow twig, only praying that he never snapped or sprung back in the wrong direction.
The thornless white rose bouquet hit Miss Jessica square in the face, making her laugh and blush (though she was still only half as pink as Sam, who stood near the carriage door waving them off).
Castiel glances at him finally, unprepared for the fury on his face.
The now-familiar dread pools in his stomach once again. Yesterday morning when Dean and Sam had left, he’d felt as though his world had been tipped over. How could they have just left him, after they’d agreed not to?
Dean stares at her for a moment. “Who the hell’s Ed?”
Dean huffs. “Whatever it is, if we can't beat it, it'll just dump us back out of the illusion.”
He starts to hum as he walks, just a quiet tune, no particular song in mind. The moment Claire rests her warm cheek on his shoulder, he knows he's done for. Not only is he pretty sure he’s falling hard for Cas, but he's now going to protect this small life with his own, no questions asked.
awkward if Clarence shouted some other dude’s name during phone sex.”
Cas reaches up to grab the front of Dean’s shirt, and with a groan that sends a shiver right down Dean’s spine, he pushes Dean back into the wall, aligning their bodies and deepening their kiss.
⚔️⚔️⚔️
"Yeah, I know, don't taste too good, does it?" Dean adds, grimacing. "Come on, it's medicine, it's gonna help."
He takes the steps to the front porch gingerly, not wanting to disrupt the solidity of his pie, and Charlie just holds her grocery sack of store-bought chips and dip with an amused expression. When he finally joins her, she goes to knock on the heavy oak door, but it flies open on its own. Dean can feel the gears of a spell in the air, and uses his free hand to grasp it lightly—it’s an open and close charm, though it’s arranged like an alarm system, only activated by the proximity of human footsteps. They stroll through the doorway together, Dean immediately struck by the shiny, gleaming hardwood, the grand marble staircase in the center. He’s never been inside the manor before and he’s trying really hard not to stare, but there are freaking pillars and fireplaces and trinkets that look more expensive than six months of his rent. He swallows, wondering how the hell he’s supposed to engage in banter and chitchat in a place like this…
“Why not? I think you look damn good,” Dean jokes with a flirty wink, and Cas gives him a peck on the lips. “Can’t we just let her think we’re sleeping?”
“You shouldn’ta done that,” Bobby grumbles out with a deep frown. “Don’t need you gettin’ mixed up with any of this.”
his boyfriend being manhandled makes Dean insides fill with rage.
It wasn’t until an hour later, when Castiel and Miss Masters took their leave from the gathering, that Dean was able to breathe freely again. As they left the room, Cas himself looked tired, almost miserable. Dean stepped forward to wish them a goodnight, but Miss Masters turned, catching Dean’s eye. She frowned, glaring at Dean with a deep disappointment. He stopped, watching Castiel leave without a backwards glance.
Castiel’s heart sank. This was an heirloom. Crowley wanted something that had been passed down generations, and Castiel was here to do his dirty work. He nodded, feeling the weight of his task settle about him. Reaching out again, he touched the back of Dean’s hand, where it still held the amulet. “Special,” he said, and took his hand away, hoping he’d got the word right.
“Are you sure about that?” Dean quipped wickedly.
?” he asked. He’d been dying to ask her about one of the newest books in the library’s collection since he’d seen her reading it at the start of the previous week, but she had refused to discuss it until she had finished. Frivolous romances weren’t really his preferred choice for novels, but he’d been curious enough to devour it in several hours the previous Sunday afternoon, finding it delightfully witty.
Opening it, Dean stepped aside quickly to let Castiel within. He carried the black leather weapons bag that accompanied them everywhere, and an elaborate mask beneath his arm, which he dropped atop the dresser out of the way. Lady Donn and Mister Roche had sent the invitations out to declare that the midsummer ball was to be a masquerade; Dean and Castiel still couldn’t quite decide if that worked in their favor, or against them.
One might even say magical.
Sam nods, still frowning. “I'll ask Charlie later—maybe she'll have an idea. We’ll think of something.”
spell dented my Baby.”
Dean shrugged lightly, passing the card back to his uncle. “Maybe he was. No matter. It’ll probably come back to you,” he said. “Those kinds of things usually do.”
He took a shaky breath, mentally chastising himself for being so spineless. “Have I said something to offend you?” At Cas’ raised eyebrow, Dean hurried on. “I wondered, merely because we used to be such firm friends, and now you can hardly stand to look at me. When you left all those years ago, I...wondered, and I may be on the wrong path here—”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Missed you,” Dean breathes, feeling turned on and emotional and needy. “So much, sweetheart.”
“Likewise,” Inias smiles. “I know Castiel through—”
The water was calm, the currently barely moving Castiel back and forth. His jaw dropped as he took in the boat before him.
As they lie together, Castiel traces a pattern on Dean’s shoulder with a light finger, and hopes that he can keep them both safe through whatever storm might be ahead. Dean deserves that.
Dean's smile falters. "Late? Where you off to?"
” He continued with a jumble of vowels and odd noises that Dean couldn't follow, but certainly wasn't English—had this guy washed up from another shipwreck, traveling from some other country?
Castiel shakes his head, wondering how his sister had got so powerful. “And this is how she contacts you? Or do you have a phone number?”
It hasn’t been home for a long time, of course. Not since Mom died in the fire and Dad drank himself into an early grave. The fact that Dean decided to return here in his subscousiness, at the end of all things, is more depressing than nostalgic. He’s frozen on the couch, trying to process if he’s in limbo or heaven or hell.
A low sound filters through the apartment door—a moaning, a man in pain.
"This way, Doctor Novak," he says, gesturing down the corridor away from Crowley's office.
By the time they reach a back door, Sam is panting heavily and putting nearly all of his weight on Dean. The guy opens the door and leads them into what looks like a small apartment, with an open living area and kitchen to the left and a couple of doorways on the right.
?—he’s also a big horror movie buff. He’s always been interested in things that go bump in the night, but even if he wasn’t into that kind of thing already, The Samhain Faire is just…fun. Sometimes he thinks it’s the best part of attending Stanford, because annoyingly, only those affiliated with the school or fully educated mages are allowed access beyond the school’s wards.
“You guys are so adorable, I think I’m gonna puke. Get out of here,” she says, heading out of the room.
“Dean, Cas,” Anna pleads, immobilized on the ground, “please, you don’t have to do this.”
Ellen plants her elbows on the bar, leaning over and dropping her voice quietly. “You start feeling like life’s too much handle, or need someone to help screw your head on straight, you call me, alright?” Dean’s heart warms at the concern in her voice, and he hums softly in acknowledgment. “Better put me on speed dial, kid.”
When he turns back to the sheriff, she’s eyeing him curiously. “So you guys are like…
Ordinarily on a Saturday, Castiel might take deliveries of non-perishables or tea, work on the bookkeeping for the business, clean the Tea Room, then relax to read in the afternoon if there were no social engagements. And ordinarily, he thought as he slid a book into the shelf next to
,” she protested, flushed and frowning.
Castiel nodded, as if he had any choice in the matter. His father never saw him, no matter how hard he tried to be noticed.
“Well, you saved one, didn’t you? I went to great lengths to brew up that storm to bring their ship to me, but the treasure I was looking for wasn’t on board when I went searching in the graveyard.”
He walks faster as he turns the corner near his own office—possibly not his office for much longer. Quickly packing up his laptop and piling up a stack of papers still to be graded, he binds them with a thread of earth magic wound tightly around them a few times.
Dean could barely breathe—if he moved, his heart may escape his chest.
King Triton had agreed to the plan quicker than his brother had, in the end. Michael had seen Castiel’s interest in the human world since he was a youngling, but once he’d heard what the starstone could do, he was reluctant to let Castiel visit the humans alone. It had taken some arguing, with Gabriel to back him up, before he agreed, and even then Castiel was under strict promises to let Michael know when he was leaving, and return to the kingdom frequently.
Enjoy!
Dean nods. “Okay. What’s the project?”
“It’s just water, man,” Dean told Cas with a chuckle. He mimed drinking, watching as Cas tilted his head in what looked like complete confusion. That...was pretty endearing, Dean had to admit. This guy must have been somebody to someone, he was sure—the guy was built, his shoulders filling out the trenchcoat, and the swell of muscle along his legs was doing things to Dean that he’d rather not admit. Even though the guy had just been washed up by the sea, his hair was perfectly tousled, and his grey eyes were warm. He looked exhausted, though.
“Of course it is,” Castiel mumbles, some pride in his voice. “I could find your prostate blindfolded.”
Dean’s hand on his shoulder startles him out of reading, and he looks up as Dean drops a pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt on the bed beside him. Dean’s already wearing another pair of jeans himself, and he pulls on a shirt over his damp hair as he sits on his desk chair nearby. “I’ll admit, I borrowed the book but I didn’t read a lot of it—just the first few chapters. Something about dreams in there?” He opens his laptop.
He sits down heavily into the chair beside Dean, a little out of breath in the afterglow.
Not only is
Cas leans his hip on the counter, grabbing his phone with one hand and reaching up to rub at his forehead with the other. “Okay. Okay, I know how much the deal means to you. I’ll find someone. Let me know how it goes, okay?”
As they broke the surface, Cas held him up as Dean coughed water out of his throat. It took him a good few minutes to float on the surface, breathing hard, to try to calm his racing heart somewhat and try to get his bearings.
The enforcer holding Castiel drops his hands and backs away, and Victor says, “Sorry, ma’am. Just trying to get to the bottom of this.”
Dean took as much of Castiel’s weight as he could on the stairs. His cravat, still clenched in his hand, was little use but better than nothing, and he did his best to cover Castiel’s face with it as he dragged him through the shop. “I’ve got you,” Dean comforted as best he could, fighting through the coughs that were wracking them both by then. “Hold on,” he added, as Castiel stumbled at the sight of the flame-filled Reading Room.
, Castiel mused as he returned the smile. He was relieved to see Hannah—he dreaded having to make small talk with the other merfolk here, but he’d known Hannah since they were sprats together in the crèche.
He frowns as he helps Dean bring extra chairs from around the store to the table, and when Ash comes back in with two hands carrying a tray of glasses, he grins as he sees Castiel.
Cas groups up with the two people behind him, grimacing at them as they give him sympathetic looks.
“Sorry, Castiel,” Alfie said, grimacing.
“Indeed. I’ve never—done a locator spell that quickly before.” Castiel gives his hand a squeeze before disentangling, reaching for the bowl just as the final lick of fire dies down. Dean already misses the weight of Cas’ hand, the feeling of skin against skin. “Now we pour the ashes on the map, and…”
“How are your ribs now? They’re hurting again, aren’t they?” Castiel asks.
Dean returns his gaze for a few moments, not sure how to respond to that. He snaps, “I was trying to fail! Perhaps if other people would stop making choices for me, I’ll do better with that.”
“No, sir,” the footman replied, his expression apologetic. “He remains in the ballroom—”
Charlie steps back, calling out a greeting to the rest of the table. "Sorry we’re late! Had to go visit my mom for a bit. Everyone, this is Dorothy." She smiles, putting her arm around the tall girl.
they’re getting somewhere. Not far—he feels like he’s trying to squeeze blood from a stone, here—but at least Dean’s talking. “Okay. That’s good! That’s something.” Castiel stands up, walking over to his bookshelves. Earlier that day he’d brought up a box of books and shelved them—but now he takes a couple of different volumes down, bringing them back to place them on the desk and push them over to Dean. Time to force him into thinking like a mage. “I’d like you to do some reading before our next meeting. Let’s go back to the basics.” Dean glances up at him as he taps his forefinger on the book on top. “Euclidean geometry, Isaac Newton’s magical laws. There are a few other non-standard books here.” He can’t help but grin slightly at the horrified look on Dean’s face. “Just read, and see if anything appeals to your curiosity. Perhaps we can work out where your passions lie.”
"In the Anderson building, right? I work there as well," Cas says, still not quite believing Benny is involved in all this. He shakes his head as Sam offers the potato dish to him, so he passes it to Dean instead.
Castiel is jolted out of sleep by Dean shoving himself back on the bed, scrambling off to one side. From his expression alone, Castiel can tell that Dean certainly had just been in the dream with him. His eyes are filled with confusion, with excitement, but above all—
(See the end of the chapter for
On entering the other room, Lady Bradbury’s eyes lit up, and she immediately hurried over to the shelves to look over the books. Winchester lingered with Castiel, though, sitting down at the table Castiel showed him.
Anna’s eyes are wide as she continues. “I would much prefer this revolution to happen without the notice of the Magical Council, if possible. We don’t want trouble, we just want access to the well—if the Seal suddenly falls, there might be more trouble than we are prepared to handle.”
But Castiel didn’t have time to let Dean have doubts. He leaned in and pressed his lips to Dean’s, closing his eyes against the bright fireflies. Dean let out a muffled sound of surprise, followed by another of pleasure, but just as Dean had lifted his own hand to cup Castiel's cheek, something hit the bottom of the boat with a loud thump.
"That fucking dick," Dean mutters, clenching his fists. "He knows where we are, but he still attacked the farm?"
“Oh…holy crap,” Patience says, her eyes wide. “Dean, you…you…”
“It…it seems I couldn’t wait,” Castiel admits sheepishly, and Dean’s stunned into silence. He can’t believe that Cas wants him so badly that he came in his goddamn pants. “I should probably go and clean myself up, but I greatly enjoyed that, Dean.”
Dean’s eyes dropped to the shorter woman standing next to Castiel. Her round, pretty face was framed by dark curls as she smiled up at him, her hands on his arm just as Lady Bevell’s were on his own. A cool dread pooled in his stomach as he took in their posture, the stiff way Cas held himself while the lady hung off his arm.
“We’ll just have to make sure it’s pointed away from the house, then,” Cas replies, with a fond look at Dean.
“Mister Winchester, Mister Novak,” Naomi greeted them, her steely grey eyes regarding Castiel as though he were an insect she might crush beneath her slipper. “To what do we owe this pleasure at such a late hour?”
Oh crap, it was Sam. Dean and Cas broke apart, turning towards Sam just as Jack appeared behind him in the doorway. “Sam? What’s happening?” Jack asked.
“Dean,” he begins evenly, blue eyes staring up at him, “considering the circumstances, that seems rather arbitrary.”
"Nah," Claire says, taking the snack box and stashing it in her bag. "I've shared cookies with him before. See ya, Dad!"
The laundry room was cooler than the kitchen, the huge tub off to the side not currently in use. Beside it stood a large laundry mangle and a neat dresser filled with soaps and brushes and sewing assortments for emergency repairs. The air smelled of pine and lye soap, a burst of freshness that reminded Dean of the scent of Mrs Harvelle’s hugs, recalled fondly from when he was a child.
Hey, friends! We
Claire looks back down at her pirate ship. “I guess,” she says, frowning like her picture.
“No thanks, I’m not going anywhere near that thing,” Crowley barks, staying well back.
Then there's the two younger women with flourishing Etsy businesses—he's not sure of the brunette's name, but the overly enthusiastic blonde is Becky.
“Where are you?” Castiel asks. “It’s late—”
Castiel hurried to say, “I do apologise. My condolences.”
The demon inches back towards the door, not sure if he's allowed to leave.
Jody raises her hand again to grip Dean's shoulder briefly, her face sympathetic. “That teacher you told me about the other week? I'm sorry, Dean. His loss.”
At Cas' questioning look, Dean said, "You have no idea how long I have dreamt of this, Cas."
For his first time in a boat, Castiel found he was surprised by how unsteady it was in the water. The ships he’d seen on his visits to the surface had seemed so secure, riding the waves like they were ocean creatures themselves. This tiny one sent spikes of worry to his gut as Gabriel swam underneath them, tipping the boat alarmingly to one side, but Dean just laughed when he looked at Castiel, and reached out to slap his knee companionably.
Meg’s look is flat and unimpressed. “I’m more of a Trekkie,” she says, then sips at her coffee.
Castiel Fri 6:32 am >>
Dean laughed lightly. He’d only just been introduced to Lady Antonia in the last week, but he had a feeling they understood each other better than most of his other acquaintances.
“Dean,” she calls, when he’s already put a foot of space between them, heading towards the spiral staircase. “I…I was wondering…” She smiles endearingly, as if she’s not
“Wait, Dean?” Castiel said, sitting up and swinging his legs out of his bed. “Shouldn’t you go through the door this time?”
The diner is only a few doors up, and they navigate the crowds on the street outside the bars and inside to find an empty table near the windows.
“Rosco mentioned you have a thaumatech,” she says cautiously. Speaking about Castiel in this way is challenging, but she’s spent years navigating dangerous negotiations. “Is that the professor?”
As Castiel waters in his seeds, Dean realizes he doesn't recognize most of the vegetables already growing—they never had a garden like this as kids, and once he was a teenager the idea of eating anything green was as foreign as personal hygiene.
His dad nods again. “Okay.” He leans forward, his eyes alight. “You’d better tell me about this eye-opening demon o' yours."
Dean isn’t sure how to interpret the vague
Castiel throws him a withering look. “Lately, more and more demons are accepting the summons to Earth, but they are returning before they have enough Earth magic to meet our needs. The system is unbalanced, Dean. My people suffer because too much of our own magic is being taken.”
As usual, Dean finished his ice cream in record time, but Cas appreciated every bite, looking at the waffle cone intently before biting into it.
Dean stood in place next to Castiel, a vague feeling of apprehension washing over him. Now was his chance to find out if what Sam suspected was true, that they had misunderstood each other. But the words dried on his tongue, and he washed them down with a mouthful of punch. Castiel seemed to be tongue-tied also, shifting his feet and clutching a glass of claret in his hand with a stricken look on his face. He turned suddenly, saying, “Please excuse me,” but Dean caught him by his elbow before he could escape.
“Those people, they didn’t ask to be...they were innocent.” Cas grits out, breathing hard. He walks back into the house. “I can’t...I can’t look, I’m sorry.”
"I'm what?" Cas asks, and it sounds loud in the close space away from the thump of the music in the bar. "Dean, I don't know how!"
Dean doesn’t know if it’s the smirk on Adler’s face, or the callous way he’s treating Jess so soon after her dad’s death, but he’s suddenly furious.
“He became…a vampire. He was bitten. In the end, he…” For the first time in the conversation, Dean dropped his eyes away. He looked downward, studying a crease in the knee of Castiel’s trouser leg as he sat on the bench, focusing on the way the fabric folded. “He begged me to end it,” Dean said eventually. “To not let him become everything we’d spent our lives fighting against.”
“Not true,” Dean says, “Everyone gets scared sometimes.”
The green-eyed man stood up from his seat and called out, and all eyes turned to him. He spoke a few more words, raising his drink in the air, then clapped his other hand on the shoulder of a taller, long-haired man beside him. The crowd cheered, and they all drank from their cups as the music started up again. The taller man exchanged a few words with Green-eyes, then headed across the deck to a door, where a few other humans were calling to him.
“Goodnight, Dean,” he says, reaching out to squeeze Dean’s arm gently.
Castiel’s throat closes over for a moment at the sound of her voice. “Meg, I’m sorry to call so early. I hope I didn’t wake you?”
Dean shouldn’t be thinking about Benny right now, of all people, but he could do little
work in revising the Seal. Dean’s glad Cas has had something to keep him busy—getting booted off campus at the end of assessment is bothering him, Dean can tell. It’s a relief that Cas has something else to do to keep himself preoccupied, because he hates seeing his boyfriend mopey and sad.
Eventually, Sam destroys them all in Monopoly…to absolutely no one’s surprise. Dean blames the combo of puppy dog eyes and a freaky smart math brain. When the sun starts setting, everyone heads for their shoes and coats, hugging Dean and Castiel goodbye with a litany of Merry Christmases on their lips. Gabriel and Meg leave together, which Dean quirks his eyebrows up at, but tries not to read too much into. Charlie and Dorothy stay the latest, excitedly plotting out their joint trip to the lake, down to the breakfast feasts Dean plans to serve each morning. It’s well-past eight o’clock by the time they leave, and when the door shuts for the last time, Dean and Castiel are holding each other instantly.
He clears his throat, saving his freakout for later, when he’s either with Cas or in private. He glares down at the champagne bottle on his table. “Uh, Char,” he says, back at the stove with a spatula now in-hand, “what the hell is that?”
Dean lets out a strangled noise and hurriedly unbuckles his own pants again as he turns around, sliding them down off his hips until his ass is bare.
Dean nabbed the last flaky bit of pastry from the plate. First the doc to get Cas' feet checked out, then… “Whaddya say we get out and I show you around town, Cas?”
“Serve
“Two days,” Castiel says. “Long enough to round up some more people to infect or whatever he’s doing.”
Castiel nodded and murmured a greeting, not sure what else was to be said, but was nevertheless drawn into Henriksen's circle and introduced to a half-dozen people whose names Castiel immediately forgot.
Dean 7:34 PM <<
Their slither up the bed to the pillows was a mess of legs and arms and kisses and panting breaths that made it unclear exactly who was initiating and who was responding, but regardless, they made it, Dean on his back atop the thick quilt and Castiel curved over him, chest to chest, their legs tangled and hips meeting obviously.
It might be in a highly metaphoric sense, but fuck, he’ll take what he can get.
“This is quite modern,” Castiel observed as they stepped inside.
Castiel merely raises one eyebrow, then takes a bite of his own burger. The flavor is surprisingly delicious, and not as mouth-numbingly spicy as the fire-breathing had led him to think. He breathes his own stream of fire right into Dean’s face, grinning as the flame licks harmlessly across him, lighting up his hair in glowing tips. “The fire illusion is clever,” he says. “I can hardly detect the trace of magic at all.”
“You wrote this spell.” It’s a statement of fact at this point, not a question, and Castiel freezes with his back to Dean, still staring out the window. “Didn’t you?”
Missouri takes another deep breath, looking uncomfortable. “Unfortunately, we still need to take this matter seriously. I’m afraid I have to ask you to leave the campus immediately, and don’t return until the matter has been resolved.”
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean murmurs, trying to keep his head clear as he fishes his phone out of his pocket and checking it quickly—Charlie’s name is on the screen. He answers it, putting the phone to his ear while Cas is working marks into his skin. “Charlie?” he asks, a little breathlessly.
He packs a few things for Claire to hopefully amuse her during the lecture, hefts his messenger bag over his shoulder, then picks Claire up. A waft of something unpleasant floats up to him, and he frowns. “A new diaper for you, Claire-bear, and then we’re off to school.”
"No head injury to explain this amnesia, either," she added, thoughtfully. "He really doesn’t speak any English?”
“Glad you liked them. Hey, maybe I'll see you around? You could always… I dunno…” He shrugs, trying to hold together his rapidly scattering wits. “My café is on Summit Road—y'know, just up from the elementary school?”
Cas nodded, his face still grim, closed. “I am glad to hear it.”
He lifts the sphere to eye level, watching his own reflection in the undulating surface.
“Castiel, then, if we are to be partnered, like it or not.” Castiel pulled his pocket watch from his waistcoat and took a peek, before sliding it back in. “I am supposed to obtain some kind of initiatory tattoo, I was told, before the end of the day. Would that be on the tour?”
But, still.
“You could say that.” Dean pauses, waiting for Castiel to react, but he’s just gazing at Dean with a sense of smug superiority, like he’s watching a toddler try to solve a Rubik's cube. “All of you—”
Dean follows, leaning in the doorway.
Once his tea was drunk and his cravat tied, there was nothing else but to head out. He closed up the shop, shivering again a little despite the warm sunshine on his back. He headed off up the lane towards the churchyard, feeling a little off kilter, but hoping to at least see Dean before he headed back home to bed.
Sam looks up before he can say anything. "So, get this—what if…" He pauses, then shakes his head. "What if he created it?"
“My thanks, Lord Winchester,” Lady Antonia said over the murmur of the crowd. “I’m not sure I could stand another set with Lady MacLeod at the helm.”
Princes they may be, but they were both still expected to join the fisherfolk to help provide for their people. Naomi, the king’s right hand, insisted that they be involved in all aspects of life in the kingdom, a fact that Castiel knew Gabriel resented.
Bobby nodded. “Maybe you could help me sort a few things out. If you're free, that is…”
Bobby had been as confused as Dean as to where Castiel had come from. Neither of them had heard of any ships lost at sea since the
, tapping it twice. “—this book.”
“You’ll regret this, mark my words!” Dean yelled out, rage burning in his chest—but he couldn’t follow, not then.
They filled the rest of the wait with idle chatter about the tailoring options, including a few who were willing to visit the Men of Letters apartments themselves. When finally they rolled to a stop outside the club and alighted into the street, the many carriages that had passed through already had churned the dirt into a muddy mess after the afternoon's rain.
Partway through, Dean looks up and grins at something over Cas’ shoulder.
This time, he went with long trousers and a loose white shirt, and as he walked through the waves, he saw a sight that made his heart clench and brought a smile to his face every time.
Thankfully the younglings who’d been playing on the beach had gone now. Since he didn’t actually want to go swimming, Castiel stopped some distance away, calling as loudly as he dared, “Gabriel, what are you doing here?”
Castiel smiles at the magician as he comes over. “Inias, how are you?”
Azazel and the other Croats stop, and Azazel steps out, his hands raised. He looks down at the slumped corpse at his feet, then back up. Castiel keeps his gun trained on the man as he says, “What if I told you I could cure these people you’ve just cruelly shot?”
“Wait, Garth, is it?” Castiel straightens up from where he’d been leaning over Dean.
Inside, the groaning is louder. An ordinary, though shabby apartment, peeling wallpaper and harsh fluorescent light. A man lies on his back on a dining table, arms and legs tied down with sturdy rope. A selection of sharp implements are arranged on the table beside him, and there is blood…everywhere. On the man, the table, a pool of it on the floor. He looks like a gang has been beating on him, not just one man.
Well, well, what a find! Dean really should not linger here. He should leave them to it, whoever it was, go back to his search for Castiel back in the ballroom. Or perhaps just give up and make his way home.
Dean hadn’t said much on the drive back. He looked as exhausted as Castiel felt, after their emotionally draining conversation, followed by the fight with the demon. But it was imperative that they check in with Bobby before they do anything else. They’d called on the city watch to take care of the woman’s corpse in the garden—they’d seen the demon with their own eyes, this time, so there was no use in examining her any further.
"Uh, yes. Um…a d-drink, please. Ale. Three, actually. Three ales." Dean nearly slaps himself. What the fuck is his brain doing?
Dean clears his throat slightly and steps back, bending down again to pick up Castiel's satchel from the floor. He holds it out, his cheeks flushed again. "No problem."
, Castiel. This is what we
Dean props himself up on one elbow, blinking at the sunlight filtering through a gap in his curtains. It’s morning again already? He checks his phone—it’s Wednesday. They’ll need to be off to the graduation in an hour or so.
Castiel shrugs. “Oxford’s a pretty compact place, but there are a lot of pubs and restaurants. When I went out there in winter like this, we’d get a few beers in and dare each other to run across the Isis.”
“Listen, she’s no one, okay?” Dean snaps. “A friend of a friend. She wandered in here on her own, probably by accident. Just let her go.”
“I know that. How’s it going?” Gabriel’s voice was rough and quiet out of the water, but the concern was clear in his voice, and for that, Castiel was grateful.
Dean’s thoughts were quickly otherwise occupied as Castiel’s large hands came up to his thighs, pulling Dean down flush against his hip bones, pushing his pelvis up to meet Dean on every roll his body made. Dean’s mouth hung open, panting out quiet but enthusiastic sounds as he rode the gorgeous man below him.
“Of course, I’ll stay until you fall asleep, Cas.” Dean knew he’d be missed if he didn’t return before the early hours, and the ride back to Campbell House would take him some time. Sam—best brother in the world—would cover for him as much as he could, Dean had no doubt about that, but he didn’t want to take advantage of his brother’s general goodwill.
“Seriously?”
“How’d it go?” Sam asks as soon as the call connects. “You’re outta there, right?”
Dean shook his head. “I like her, yes—she's a nice girl, very pretty and accomplished. But Cas—” He looked up at Castiel, anguished. “—I do not want her, and she deserves better than to be married to me, and miserable.”
Dean attempts a recovery. “No, honestly, it was incredible. I had no idea…”
Dean laughed as he flicked open the newspaper. “A pretty face is all. Though, more like a devastatingly handsome one, in this case.”
“I can make some more tea,” Castiel says, moving to get up, but Dean stops him with a hand on his arm.
Cas didn’t touch him right away, though. Meg threaded her fingers into his hair and kissed him like a woman possessed as he massaged her sex once again, slipping two fingers into her wet heat. Only then, when Meg was gasping into his mouth as he pushed his fingers into her, did Cas step forward and press his now bare skin into Dean’s back. His arms threaded their way around Dean’s middle, pulling him back, flush with his own body, and Dean moaned again as he felt Cas’ hard cock pressing against the cleft of his ass.
That’s when he sees it—the recognizable mop of brown hair, the wide shoulders, the look of absolute and utter disbelief on his brother’s face. “
Dean sighs. “I dunno, Sam. I mean, the Grove isn’t a terrible option, career-wise. Turns out I’m actually pretty good at this warlocking stuff. It’s secure, reliable. Maybe it’s not the end of the world.”
Castiel rumbled out a hum as he kissed Dean’s shoulder once again. “Very much so,” he said, his voice more gruff than Dean had ever heard it.
Dean grins at her. “Maybe they could deliver a message as the rose melts? This charm won’t last forever, especially inside. That place can be toasty.”
Dean rolls his eyes, then points at the demon to emphasize his point. “Okay, if we’re really gonna do this, you’re gonna call me Dean, okay?” The last thing Dean needs is a constant reminder of his impending job title. He starts up the car, her deep rumble of magic through her calming him a little.
The view is expansive. The house must stand close to the edge of a cliff here, because the ground seems to disappear not far away from the building, giving way to the barren High Sierra below. Dean shields his eyes from the bright sun as he makes out more mountains in the distance.
Dean nodded as he picked up his cup. “It’s certainly the centre of fashionable society in town. Though I prefer a table at my club, personally—Crowley’s, down near Pittville Park.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hey, Castiel,” Dean replies, and then adds quickly, “if that’s actually your name. Should I call you something else?”
Hands wrap around him from behind. As awesome as Cas’ body feels pressed against him, Dean spins around, wanting nothing to see Cas’ face. His boyfriend’s features are soft but a little tired. Dean cups Cas’ chin, thumb stroking over his cheek. Now that they’re alone, permitted to be
The dragon releases a blast of fire towards him, but he feels nothing as he covers his head and crouches down.
“Every single victim has had the same signs and symptoms, to a lesser or greater extent,” Sam went on, ignoring them both. “You have a connection to Balthazar’s—through proximity in a few cases, but mostly through network connections or what you’ve tracked of their prior movements. Even Ellie Brown, the woman you found at the docks, probably had contact with one of the men at the club shortly before her demise.”
“How much is the increase?” Dean tried not to snap, but from the way Christian paused, turning to look at him with a raised eyebrow, he didn’t entirely succeed. “Just out of curiosity, of course.”
Castiel's blood had started running cold at Adler's words, but at Missouri's interruption, he looks back to the older professor to see him bite back his words, looking chastened. Castiel schools his face into stillness to avoid laughing out loud, as Missouri continues.
“Well, he’d lost a lot of blood first, I’m sure he was a little lighter.”
“Benny’s place won’t be this hokey,” Dean says to Charlie. Judging by the look on Castiel’s face as he glances between them, Dean owes him a full explanation. “Benny’s a friend of mine, he moved to Louisiana a few months back. He’s opening a restaurant with a magic-infused menu, and let me tell you, his food is amazing. The burgers alone…”
“Good afternoon, Mrs Tapping. You have heard of the fire at Mister Novak’s Tea Room on Friday evening, I am sure?”
He steps forward, wrapping his fingers around Sam’s wrist. There’s a small bowl between them that Dean hadn’t noticed at first, and Crowley positions the knife, ready to swipe across Sam’s skin.
Sam pulls back, looking at Castiel while Dean wipes at his eyes with his forearm. “No, don’t start that. Dean’s looked after me for most of my life.” He looks to Dean now, holding back emotions himself. “Wherever we’ve gone, you’ve always been there. Let me do this. I’m immune to the virus, so I just have to watch my back and stay away from Croats. I’ll be fine.”
? You can see that, huh?” Dean says, rattled. He walks across the room away from him, trying to remember whether mind-reading is also an incubus power. He turns back to look at the demon. “You chose this form for me?”
It wasn’t that Dean didn’t like life on the trawler—it was hard work, for sure, but the open sea, the wind and the waves, were all he’d ever known. Fishing was all he knew how to do. There would never be another path for him.
, prone, gray, and dead.
Castiel had been surprised by Winchester’s behaviour in Ash’s tattoo parlor. They’d said very little to each other on the return journey, other than Winchester sniping at him to stop it when he’d scratched absently at the stinging on his chest. The tattoo hadn’t hurt as much as his previous ones—Ash had been surprisingly gentle. But the way Winchester had been staring at him on more than one occasion had made his skin heat in a way Castiel had been trying to suppress for many years now.
“Uh huh, we can see that,” Gilda says, looking over his shoulder at the bar.
Sam and Dean as kids. John Winchester's A+ parenting (and Bobby's actual gold star parenting). Sads (sorry).
“Hey!” Sam says, flinching, but Dean’s eyes are trained on Crowley. Crowley drops his casting hand and rubs his arm in the same spot Sam is, wincing irritably.
Castiel was quiet, though Dean could tell he was still thinking.
The two princes looked at each other in horror.
Dean hates to even think about that time, let alone talk about it with Sam. He’s always been grateful to Sam and Cas for all they did to bring him back, and he knows Crowley eventually helped as well, but the things he did…he’ll always be ashamed of them.
Seeing a small brook babbling its way along the base of the beech-lined valley, where it filled several ponds and brought a little life to the otherwise still fields, Dean headed off toward it. Perhaps there, he thought, he could sit and clear his mind. At least try, he supposed, to not think of his friend in a way that he had made it clear he did not want.
He turns and hurries back to the end of the wall, away from the overgrown garden and its ghosts, but when he glances back, Dean is still standing there, gazing around at the garden.
"So, Meg," he says, hurrying to fill the awkward silence, "how long are you in town for?"
Castiel’s heart sank like a stone. Was he so obvious? He would try to deny it, of course, but he could feel his face heating—as much an admission of guilt as a love confession might be. He gave a short, forced laugh, trying to play his dismay off as much as he could. “Well, yes, he is a handsome fellow, certainly. But any such looks are in your imagination.”
“I believe Dean’s words were something like, ‘I bet I could blow all those fuckers up with this baby.’” Castiel says dryly, making Sam snort.
specializing in Magical Mediation and Information Technology, after all, so if anyone could alter the footage it would be her. She holds both cameras in her hands, flipping them around in her palm.
Dean laughs fully then, the roll of his body making Cas laugh harder. “Oh well. Never liked those jeans much anyways.”
Sam inhales sharply as his shoulder is jostled, and blows out the breath in a burst of what must be agony. Dean can feel how warm he is through the plaid overshirt he's wearing—they've got to get somewhere and give the fever a chance to break, or Sam's never gonna—
A hiss broke from its lungs, and it reached up and slammed its hand into Dean’s throat. Pushing him clear of her shoulders in one swoop, the demon held Dean clear above her in the air, arm extended, and barked her unearthly, echoing laugh at him once more.
"God, Clarence, I've missed how fucking awkward you are sometimes. Okay. I can get you off but then I gotta go to work, ‘kay?"
Dean looks up at him, only pausing long enough to say, “I’ve gotta go back for him. Wait for me here.”
“Would you chill, Winchester?” she asks, amusement in her voice as she takes a step forward, covering Dean’s twitching fingers with her steadier ones. “He said he’d meet you here, so…he’ll meet you here.”
The redhead woman—what’s her name again? It doesn’t matter, he doesn’t care—speaks up angrily from where she crouches on the floor. “He tried to close off the Seal so he could sell access to it.”
Dean feels nauseous at the sight of blood seeping on Anna’s shirt, her red hair tossed and messy as she struggles against Crowley’s hold.
Cas didn't take his eyes off the screen, from the experts giving their opinions. "What if I want to?"
“Wait, Claire’s friend Jack?”
“How will we know if you’ve been successful?” someone across the room asks.
Cas takes his time with opening Dean up, pressing first one finger into him, then two. It's been so long since he's done this, and it'll take time to learn how Dean best likes it, but for now he seems to be enjoying it as Cas runs his other fist up and down Dean’s cock while two fingers are pumping in and out.
Like he hasn’t just had the most enjoyable Saturday morning with the man of his dreams? “How about you?” he adds weakly.
Castiel removes his hand from the water and inspects his fingertips, finding only completely smooth, ordinary skin. It mustn’t have been as bad a burn as he thought, he muses as he turns off the faucet and wipes his hands dry.
“Light cavalry, yes.” He reached for a way to turn the conversation. “What exactly do you suppose killed the victim, here?”
He’ll just charm the fuck out of this guy.
Dean looks down at him dubiously. “You sure about that? We brought a load of Croats right to you.”
“Okay. Thanks again.” Sam shifts down onto the pillow.
It's a while before they're showered and cleaned up enough to get back to the pancakes, but Castiel doesn't mind if he's a little late for his office hours this morning if it means he gets to enjoy breakfast with Dean.
For what felt like a long moment, they simply looked at each other, staring. They said a lot, but nothing at all.
But before he could turn and head back up towards the light, Amelia turned around, grabbing his arm. “We’re here. Come.”
There were nods and rumbles of agreement, and finally a brave butler stepped up and began commanding the house staff, talking of cleaning and fetching fortifying drinks for the guests, to be taken to their rooms.
Tired, worn, and dejected, Dean made his way back through the gates of Sands House. The same helpful manservant who had greeted him upon his and Castiel’s arrival from London made his way over immediately, offering to show Dean to his rooms.
He'd been sure that if he could just get through this weekend, maybe he could go back to work on Monday and everything would be fine—normal, even. But as they’d got closer to home, that resolve had eroded, until now he’s almost shaking with the feeling that something is about to burst out of him.
“My hotass boyfriend,” Dean brags, slurring his words a little. He hopes this excess magic leaves his system soon.
Dean interrupts the apology with a warm, wet kiss, brushing their lips together in a way he hopes is reassuring. He’s exhausted, socially worn-out, and the last thing he wants to do is rehash today’s events. He knows Cas is sorry, and staying mad at him takes more energy than just forgiving him.
He gathers his belongings and hurries along the halls, down to the Mechanikos Hall foyer, pulling on his trench coat as he goes. Stepping out into the wind chills him to the bone even though it's late spring, and he wishes his hands were free so he could put them into his spelled pockets and be comforted by the warmth of Dean’s magic. The sun is low on the horizon already, casting an orange light across the campus buildings and greens.
“He's not actually my uncle. Just a good friend of my dad, I guess.” Dean goes back to fiddling with his beads.
Without much further thought, Dean pressed his cup into Castiel’s hand and nodded past him, his eyes on Christian in the distance.
And then, Cas closes the distance between them and kisses him, their lips soft and warm.
is practically synonymous with artery-clogging meat. “Uh, anyways, yeah. We got some drinks, had some burgers. He went back and crashed with Ash, so who knows what kinda trouble those two got into.”
“Come along, man,” he called back to Castiel. “Let’s get ourselves cleaned up. Dawkins, when my brother comes, take him and poor ol’ Sinclair to headquarters.”
As if to underline Cas’ thoughts about him being irritating, Dean throws him a grin. “Might be,” he says. “Don’t worry, there’s more.” He turns his attention to firing up Netflix again.
“You were right, Dean.” Castiel stomps his way across the quad, Dean trailing along a few steps behind. Evening sunlight slants across the campus, casting long shadows in stripes across the grass between buildings and trees. “They will talk, and any action taken will be too late.”
Castiel turns to see a short, bearded man wearing a sharp suit and a smirk. The man continues, “Doctor Novak, I presume? Pleased to make your acquaintance. Fergus Crowley—although most just call me ‘Crowley’.” He presents his hand and Castiel takes it, surprised to feel a complete lack of magical energy surrounding him.
“Breathe, dude,” I told him, elbowing his side as he barely glanced my way, his face ashen around the edges of his mask.
Benny is sitting up the back, his well-worn notebook filled with notes for the up-and-coming restaurant he runs across town. Dean places his messenger bag on the desk next to Benny, who looks up to say, "Evenin'," as he starts unloading his book and fishing around for his pens.
So, here Castiel is, sitting in his empty apartment, giving Dean space and feeling sorry for himself. He's tried watching a couple of different things on Netflix but all it did was remind him of Christmas Eve, when he and Dean had watched
Castiel exchanges a puzzled look with Ellen, and she races behind him towards the back of the shop and the apartment kitchen.
Dean eyed him, then turned to replace the medical items in their box. He left the dirtied cloth on the table with the water pitcher, then stood up to replace the box on its shelf. “We could also spend more time trying to solve the puzzle, you were also correct.”
Cas smiles at her. “I do,” he says. “Nice to see you again.”
It had been a long week, he reflected, stepping back from the body and checking the time on his watch, before replacing it in his pocket. He'd only been at Milton Hall for a week to mourn his brother before he'd been hurried off to London to take up his place in the House as Lord Milton. Not two days more had passed before he’d been brought into the fold of the Men of Letters, London branch, complete with a baffling induction from Robert Singer, featuring some balderdash about the “forces of darkness” and “creatures lurking in the shadows of society.”
“Yeah! And I’m gonna play with all of Jack’s toys!” Claire announces, before wandering off to play with her Star Wars Lego they’ve just spent some of the morning building.
“Two roe bucks for the kitchen,” Dean said distractedly, shuffling the calling cards in his palm.
Cas is struck by a sudden doubt. Is this the same guy from inside? Maybe they’ve just bothered some other couple. “Dean? I don’t think this is…” He trails off as the man takes another step into the light, turning his completely black eyes on Cas. A shiver of electricity travels up Cas' spine.
Castiel’s jaw drops as he takes in some of the titles, running his finger along one row.
“We’re really not sure how the deceased got in this position,” the sheriff says, pulling Dean’s attention back from where he’d been admiring the sight of Cas standing among drifting leaves, comforting the distraught student with his big hand on her shoulder.
With a smirk, the cecaelia spun and moved off towards the other side of the cavernous space within the wreck, inspecting a number of bottles along the shelves there. “I'm a businessman, your highness. I make deals, to the mutual benefit of both parties.” He selected a bottle from the top shelf as he spoke, then another from further down. “Sometimes those deals don’t go well for some merfolk, which is why your dad seems to have a bit of a vendetta against me, but honestly, Castiel—” He spun back around and swam closer once more, bottles in hand. “—this is what I do. I help people to get what they want. For a price, of course."
No new references in this chapter. Sorry.
EllenOfOz: Well, if there was a chance Dean was at the other end of it, sure, I'd jump in!
“Practice less.” Even with all the snipping, he thinks Krissy has potential—she’s tough and brave. If she had access to the Well protected by Stanford, she wouldn’t have to risk her life just to practice magic. Dean shakes his head and checks on Anael, who’s swaying but otherwise seems all right. Then a thought occurs to him, and he looks back at Krissy. “Your friends need help too?”
He sounded like he was smirking. Castiel narrowed his eyes at him. Yes, that was certainly a smirk.
he had no wish to intrude on Castiel’s private business. But if it involved the Campbells and made him look that upset…well. It wouldn’t hurt to be nearby.
“Oh yeah,” Dean replies, closing his empty bag where all of Castiel’s books had been, “I’m free as a bird.”
“What’s the meaning of this, Crowley?” Castiel’s voice is a deadly rumble, a threat imbedded in his tone. “Why are you targeting Sam?”
As Dean is thrown back into the ground on top of the Croat holding him, all he can think of is the figure of Cas standing there, by the garden wall. He'd had something on his shoulder, something that shot fire and had just apparently blown a hole in the vegetable garden, and the Croats who had been standing there.
interesting.” Crowley crosses to the door and flicks the light off, and Castiel follows him out and down the hall towards his office. “I happen to have a small collection, yes. What sort of research is it that you’re doing?”
The magic rises steadily from the Well now, almost painful in its rushing past where he and Dean stand. The flow is beginning to have physical effects now, pushing at their hair and clothes and shaking the floor under their feet.
When he turned back to the boat, none of them seemed alarmed. In fact, their faces were turned towards the lights, wide eyed and smiling. This was part of their celebration? Castiel looked up at the sky again, much darker now. No stars were visible.
“Well? Can I help you? Are you undressed?” Meg’s voice drops to a sultry murmur—a tone she only ever uses in the bedroom, or when they had been on their way there.
“It’s your funeral,” Ellen muttered, turning to drop the chopped vegetables in a saucepan on the stove behind her. “This’ll be ready in fifteen minutes, then I’ve gotta get back home.”
Cas doesn’t move, just hums to let Dean know he heard.
Dean eyes him as he approaches, caught in the deep rumble of the demon’s voice. His magic certainly doesn’t feel weak. Dean’s own magic simmers with the demon’s approach, shuffling like iron filings towards a magnet.
This was it, Dean knew. He hadn’t got to say everything he’d wanted to in Purgatory, and now was his chance.
. Dean’s not sure what’s more distracting, the spell they’re inhabiting or Castiel’s damn perfect smile.
“Yeah, take that, you bloodsucking bitch.”
“Demons are not to be trusted, Dean.” He stares at Dean, and when Dean doesn’t reply, he adds, “You know they produce venom, don’t you? To confuse their victim? Encourage attraction?”
Lady Rowena McLeod currently sat on the other side of the room from Dean, wrapped up in discussion with Olivette di Albioni, a wealthy but titleless old maid who had been an opera singer before moving to Cheltenham to take the spa waters. Periodically, Lady Rowena’s attention would flick across to Charlie and Dean, but such was the extent of her chaperoning. Charlie preferred it that way, and it certainly worked for Dean—the Bradbury family had no need to be concerned about Charlie’s virtue in his company, the two of them had been friends far too many years.
Turning the last paper over in the first batch, he stretches his arms above his head with a satisfying pop. He's pleased with the way his first-year “World of Magic” students have taken to the idea of lay magicians also being a part of magical society, rather than completely separate and ostracized from trained Mages. He’s modified the teaching plan slightly to have the students discuss the differences in a paper. He’s not sure how the faculty will react when they find out, but he’d rather the students have a wider view.
“Really? Up here in the desert?” Dean asks.
. It’s unnatural.” He follows Castiel’s lead and begins to strip, first his leather jacket and then his flannel, reattaching the camera to the form-fitting t-shirt underneath. “This isn’t a transporting spell, it’s an illusion, I think.”
The man—Sinclair—lunged, hands outstretched towards Winchester’s throat. Winchester shouted, “What—?” But Sinclair’s throttle cut him off as they crashed to the ground. The lantern flew a few feet away but didn’t go out, instead casting a dim glow over the two men wrestling on the ground.
The rest of the graduating class are attuned and awarded, and the audience gives an enthusiastic final round of applause before Castiel’s academic colleagues parade out of the theater. The rest of the students and audience are then free to follow them out. This is the point where Castiel should really be getting the hell out of here before his illusion falters, but he can’t resist trying to find Dean in the crowd, just to see what his reaction is when he sees him.
Before he'd left Pontiac, as the situation worsened, he and Bart had argued, something Cas regrets now. Cas hadn't been together with Bart for that long, and they'd never made any kind of declarations to each other, but it had taken a long while for Cas to stop missing him.
“But, Naomi, I—”
“I was a little busy,” Dean says sharply, definitely not intending to open a whole can of worms, but here they are. Castiel looks reproachful, taking a step closer to Dean and biting his lip anxiously.
Cas pulls back, then slams forward again, his body lighting up all over. He drops his face into Dean’s neck and utters, “Fuck, Dean.”
“It is. Young Hael, you know, Mister Phipps’ daughter who also works at the bakery? Alfie tells me she made it yesterday with blackberries from their own canes.”
a look!” Dean whisper-shouts triumphantly, and Castiel rolls his eyes. After Dean’s chuckles die down, his face smoothes into something more serious, his lips pursed as he considers his next words. “Seriously, though, babe… We gotta be careful. Adler might be a coward, but he has blackmail on us, on you.”
Dean withdraws his fingers, leaning down to place more kisses on Cas’ back, but has to stop as Cas collapses to one side, panting heavily.
Downstairs, Lisa is humming cheerfully to herself as she packs her things, ready to leave for the day. Castiel tries to plaster on a smile as she looks up to meet his eye.
"Sure you can. It's a gift—you keep those," he says, pushing Cas' fist back towards him. "'Sides, it shows you I'm in this for the long game," he adds, looking down and fiddling with the edge of his shirt, color still in his cheeks.
“And that,” Castiel croaked defiantly, “is where they shall stay.”
Smoothing the front of his shirt determinedly, Dean nodded. “A fine deal.”
Castiel wasn't sure what to look at first—in fact it was all so overwhelming as they walked along the street, hard stones digging painfully into his feet, that Dean had to gently pry Castiel's hand away from his arm where he'd been clutching him too tightly.
“That was a terrible imitation of father’s voice and you know it,” Dean huffed.
Bewildered, Castiel watched Campbell’s progress until he felt another presence at his side.
The television in the corner of the room has the volume turned just loud enough to be heard. A flustered young reporter stands outside the distinctive Archimedes Hall, holding a microphone along with a gaggle of other media people. "The magical authorities are still no closer to discovering the cause for the sudden drop in elemental energy, but it's believed at this time that there's been some kind of attack on Stanford University’s School of the Occult."
“I don’t care about the ceiling, Dean. The ceiling can wait all night if it has to,” Castiel interrupts firmly. He cups Dean’s face in his hands, leaning close until their foreheads brush. “What I do care about is talking this through. Talk to me, please.”
Castiel nodded. “Thank you,” he said, then had to force himself not to gasp when Dean took his left hand oh-so-gently, dabbing at his damaged knuckles with a soft cloth dipped in the lavender water. This Dean, this gentle helper, was such a juxtaposition with the brutal fighter he’d seen this morning and in the ring just now. The light shone through the window, alighting on his hair like a bright halo, and the touch of his hands sent shivers up Castiel’s arms as he cleaned and bound first one hand, then the other.
He spied a green kelp flower, and the green eyes that had haunted his dreams for many days now slammed back into his mind. No matter what he tried—talking with Gabriel or the rest of his family, distracting himself with hunting and fishing every day even though he had fulfilled his duties already—he couldn't get the green-eyed human out of his head. He'd looked so surprised, so…unthreatening, compared with what many of Joshua’s stories said about humans.
Cas was back on Dean in a moment, his mouth firmly capturing Dean's in a bruising kiss, his hand on his own member. Meg moved off Dean, the cool air on his cock making him gasp into Cas' mouth, and he took himself in hand. It only took a few hurried strokes, gazing up at the wrecked, almost pained look on Cas face before he gave a strangled cry, coming in spurts over his own stomach. Cas' big hand flew over his own cock, before he, too, painted Dean's skin in sticky white.
Castiel walks away from Dean's classroom, shaken to his core.
“Sacred geometry,” Castiel suddenly breathed out, his eyes widening, looking so proud of himself that it was almost comical.
Castiel doesn’t teach many classes himself these days, being mostly involved in the running of the school itself as well as a little industrial sabotage on the side (Rowena hasn’t been quiet about reestablishing a Well, after all), but he knows these students and how much they enjoy classes with Dean. In fact, many of them were recruited from the erstwhile Lay Magicians’ Resistance network, so Dean’s almost a celebrity to them. And that means they like to press his buttons.
Castiel's smile dropped as he saw the St. Mary's church group among them. Mrs Naomi Tapping's gold-threaded turban stood out among the crowd, and Lady Hester Holmes scowled at somebody standing beside her.
“Nothing, nothing,” Dean reassured him. “Your time is your own, you know I think it’s unfair that you’re even here instead of Cambridge. I just wondered if there’s anyone you see regularly there, that’s all. I like to read myself, after all, I wonder if there are other gents in town with the habit.”
Dean turned to look back, shock clutching at his chest. Castiel…? The newcomer had a dark head standing taller than those around him, and a nervous look on his face. Even from across the room and in lamplight, Dean wouldn’t mistake those blue eyes.
“We’re used to it and can recognize the warning signs,” Benjamin explains with a shrug. “Plus we’ve built up a tolerance, I guess, since it’s the only magic available to us.”
Dean’s eyes are soft as he gazes at Castiel, smiling.
, Dean jabbed forward, silencing the demon momentarily with a solid punch to the side of her jaw. It might not have been a Jackson’s approved move, but it felt strangely satisfying. Until the hell beast turned to fix its dead black eyes on him, anyway.
References in this chapter:
Castiel 4:12 PM <<
before he adjusts and becomes eager for it, rolling his hips in search of friction. Castiel sets the pace, all slow and deep and teasing, and Dean feels his legs shaking with the effort to stay folded. He still loves sex, but he’s not as young as he once was. Sensing his discomfort, Castiel fluffs the pillow under his hips, arranges him into a spot where his legs are parted and resting, and slips his slick cock back into Dean effortlessly. This is Dean’s favorite position after a night of drinking, because he just lies there and takes whatever Cas gives him…which is always much more than he deserves.
Outside the crowded tavern, the festival is still in full swing. The queen's subjects are now mingling freely with Elves and whatever the other guys are called (Dean wasn't really paying attention while Charlie explained). A few kids in cute outfits run past, and Dean is struck again with surprise by how much of a family affair this LARPing thing is.
“Sammy,” Dean breathes, and darts forward to grab the tall man in a tight hug. A few of the other people in the group come forward to hug Dean or clap him on the shoulder, while Cas stands awkwardly to the side.
Reaching the beach, he stopped to pull off his boots, leaving them neatly resting under one of the scrawny trees growing on the dune. He stalked down the beach through the now driving rain, the wind-whipped spray stinging his eyes. The waves were rougher than they’d been earlier, and he stopped when they started breaking around his waist so that he could remain standing against their pull.
"Created what?" Dean asks, getting up and heading for Castiel's closet once again.
He lines up the final Croat and nails the middle-aged man between his eyes, brains and blood spraying across the drive as he falls to the gravel.
Castiel muses as he looks up at it. He’s sure it only feels like just the other day.
“Good luck tryin’ to kick me out,” Benny grumbles good-naturedly. He’s been back in Palo Alto for only two days, but already Dean remembers why they were such close friends. Even though Benny hadn’t been accepted into Stanford, he had developed his skills as a lay magician with an awe-inducing sort of dedication. They’d met a few years back, when Dean was just an undergraduate and Benny was buying some potion ingredients from Bobby’s magic shop. The rest, they say, is history.
“Well, I did feel you shivering…but sure, let’s go with mind reader.” Even under the jesting tone, Castiel is a little breathless himself. Is he feeling the intensity of their shared magic flowing between them? “Anyways, I believe I was promised a compliment.”
"The book has a whole section on talismans, like, objects that can channel another mage's power. Or your own, even." He leaned down to pull something out of the front pocket of the knapsack he'd brought clothes over in. "I know you said you could feel it when we're apart, so I figured we could try something out."
Dean took Castiel’s hand, holding him close by. “I know we have only been at this a short time, but the time I've shared with you…This summer has been like some kind of dream I do not wish to be woken from. I want to ask you to wait for me to return, but how can I? I cannot offer you any assurances.”
Today, though, he was antsy, no closer to answering any of his burning questions. He wanted to go and find Jo, to see if the wanderer she'd seen had been Cas. He couldn't go home, to face Sam and his dad, until he knew the truth. So he sat, and mended nets as fast as he could, and brooded.
Sam's gonna kill him when he finds out. And Charlie. What's he gonna say to her when they meet up for drinks later tonight? He dismisses all that as future Dean’s problem, as he ducks his head. “Thanks, Missouri.”
It’s gonna be fine, he assures himself. Just go along, have one drink, keep your mouth shut and try not to get caught staring.
Everyone is on their feet now, crowding around her, desperate for more information.
“So fucking glad to see you guys,” Dean breathes out, surprised by how true the statement is. He never expected to bond with the coven so much, to consider some of them real friends. Anna takes a wide step towards him and hugs him tightly, and Dean relaxes for half a second, feeling something bond-adjacent rolling between them. An affinity, probably, like the one Cas has with Anna. Now Dean shares one with her too…he probably has for a while, and is just now noticing.
“Yes,” Castiel said again, and apparently that was to be the end of it.
“Yes, indeed, it’s—”
“Far as I can tell, yeah,” Sam says. “Look, I gotta go, guys. I’ll just send you a photo of the transliteration, okay?”
As he pulled the unconscious human towards the shore, struggling to stay above the waves while ducking below to suck water quickly over his gills, he stole glances behind him as they crested each wave. The fire was visible for a short while.
“Fine work, Sam,” he praised. “Fine work indeed.”
It was late, he noted—the sunlight was fading, making it difficult to see the knots in the net he was mending. He’d agreed to stay back to finish the mending job so that Bobby could go home on time. Why Rudy couldn’t mend his own nets, Dean didn’t have a clue, but here he was, shoving the needle through the mesh and wishing he was anywhere but here.
“He’ll live,” Dean grumbles, looking down at the floor.
“What?” Sam’s eyes were wide, and a little wild. “I don’t give a fuck what happened to the ship, Dean. I honestly thought I’d lost you, and after Jess, and everything...I was just about ready to—“
But as they reached the corner of the motel building, Dean stopped, bringing Cas to a halt beside him. “Wait, wait…”
that?” Hannah said, confusion plain in their eyes when I turned to them.
“Yes, yes, sorry, I’m fine,” Cas says, rubbing at his face again and taking a hitching breath in and out. “My sister. This was her favorite place.”
Cas drags a white, chalky line on the grass to connect the candles across the circle, forming a pentagram within their circle. Meanwhile, Dean places a metal bowl in the center and pulls out the ingredients for the ritual from the bag. Charlie had called some friend of hers named Frank, and the guy had brought them everything on their list out the front of the bar as they’d left. The guy had been shady as fuck—Dean has no idea how Charlie even knows him, but everything seems to be here. Dean has no idea where these small bones have come from, and he tries not to think too hard about it. Some aspects of being a warlock have always given him the heebs.
Castiel woke in confusion. Rain drummed heavily on a windowpane somewhere, but when he opened heavy eyes and looked around, the first thing he saw was Dean, slumped in an armchair beside what was certainly not Castiel’s own bed.
“You…you want to break the bond between Sam and Crowley, instead of giving him control of the Seal?”
“How d’you do, Mister Campbell?” Castiel asked, taking Christian Campbell’s offered hand and suppressing a wince at the crushing grip. As the landlord of Well Walk, Castiel knew Campbell was at least partially responsible for the state the Tea Room had fallen into while his uncle had been unwell, but he could no more accuse him of such things than he could Lady Holmes for the letter.
Mrs Mills smiled now, the corners of her eyes crinkling. “The preserve is unusually good today, sir. Blackberry, is it?”
By the time Dean makes his way across the field, crosses the road, and climbs the steep driveway, he's drenched in sweat and panting hard. The storm is certainly closer now, the clouds obscuring the sun but the air is thick with humidity.
The gorgeous landscape had been a minor distraction on the carriage journey, but sadly nowhere near enough.
Ion said, his hand palm-out to Dean, "Come now, Winchester, there's no need for such threats between friends."
“Hey, look at you!” Dean grins. “It’s cool though, if you start feeling a bit sparky at work, just go see Benny. It won’t work as well to be grounded by another familiar, but it’ll take the edge off.”
Dean nods, still obviously annoyed. "And witches. I hoped we could get there well before now, but you dragged your feet with the whole Palpatine thing—" he extends his hands, fingers crooked, "—so if you could just find me some pants, that'd be great."
He pushes his painful thoughts aside and casts a teleport, pulling himself and Sam through to just outside the door to the university dorms.
Winchester gripped the corpse firmly by one shoulder and the fabric at a hip and shoved it over, until the poor sod was lying on his back, face up to the grey sky. The rot was more obvious now—open, ragged flesh hanging from the man’s cheek, his filmed eyes staring into oblivion. Castiel stepped back as one lifeless arm flopped out near his shoes, haphazardly. Having so recently returned from the continent, he was no stranger to corpses and the like, but he had usually moved on before bodies started to look like this. The men he had served with would have flinched away from such a smell, too.
“You remember it, then?” Castiel questioned gently, through his rasp. His eyes flicked briefly to Dean, and Dean knew that he’d be getting similar, but much more emphatic and probing questions later on, when they were alone. “You recall what she had you do, what it was like?”
"I'm not gonna take the job."
Dean’s head whirls with confusion, even as he’s pleased the demon is so easily riled up. On one hand, Castiel is everything he enjoys in a partner—attentive, generous, extremely talented at tongue gymnastics—but surely taking advantage of a demon that he summoned here and bound to himself counts as some kind of exploitation that he’s not sure he should be on board with. Even if Castiel shows no sign of being less than completely into this, as he works his way up Dean’s body, eventually helping him to remove the shirt as he straddles Dean’s hips.
“Well I don’t,” Dean snaps, trying to rein in his irritation. They’ve just reconciled and he doesn’t want to ruin it, but seriously, does Ruby have a magic vagina or something? What is up with Sam’s infatuation with her?
“Any man who loves his horse could tell you they deserve to be treated as such. In fact, I’d wager Baby is better than most people I know.”
Dean’s really not sure at this point what’s happening, but he may as well throw caution and dignity to the wind. He starts stroking along his cock again, slowly, as Cas’ eyes follow the movement. Dean watches him gulp, then straighten his glasses on his nose.
Lady Antonia smiled at Dean as their gloved hands pressed together, gazing at him through her lashes. He let his hand linger at her hip as they passed each other, enjoying the way her breath hitched slightly, her lips parted as they came back to face each other. He bit his own lower lip, their eyes locked as they stepped close, then away once more.
“Shut up, that’s not true,” he replied, but the shy grin on his face said otherwise.
Missouri gives him a reassuring smile. "Good, thank you. It’s for your own benefit more than the university’s, y’know. Anyway, now that's done with, I have a proposal for you."
“Very well.” Castiel sat back upright between Dean’s thighs, pouring more oil into his hand to rub along his own cock, gasping his way through it. Then he pushed Dean’s knees aside further and lined up, pushing his head just past Dean’s rim. The tight, slightly painful sensation overwhelmed Dean for a moment, and he closed his eyes, only to feel Castiel’s mouth on his own once more. Castiel stroked Dean’s face, not moving his hips for a few moments, and when Dean opened his eyes, all he saw was Cas’ loving expression gazing down at him.
Dean watched as Castiel reappeared once more, his strong, lithe form stepping between the tables with a plate of the fresh biscuits they’d been smelling. Following the long lines of him between the seats as he weaved across the room, Dean missed what Charlie said next.
“Yeah, yeah, sure, of course,” Dean rambles, wondering why he needs to say a thousand different ways to tell the guy it’s okay to hit the head. “I’ll just—be wandering around.”
Castiel turns away from the pumpkin carved like Jack Skellington and raises one eyebrow at Charlie. She beckons to him from further down the display.
Dean nods. "Hence your little fainting episode, there."
Dean’s heart swells, knowing just how true that statement really is. Everyone in Cas’ life is scattered about and so far away—his family in Illinois, his college friends in the UK. Maybe Dean should have been more welcoming to Cas, should have spent less time ogling him and more time considering what he needed as a friend.
To be plucked from the front lines, Castiel had to admit, had been a welcome reprieve. But to be thrust into this…investigator role, like some inspector out of Bow Street? It was belittling, at best. In Spain, he’d commanded men, led them into battle. To be told he must now report to a peerless gentleman five years his junior bordered on insulting.
“Of course,” Miss Jessica replied with a quick curtsey, and ran towards the church.
again without any commentary, he notices that Cas looks stressed.
is biding his time before he rides back into the fray,
“Fetch him?” Castiel queried lightly, taking a moment to look around the small, dark room behind the bar. It was lit only by old fat candles, and the whole space had a slightly burnt-smelling, fusty odor. The fireplace was low, hissing and spitting, and there were no windows. It was almost full of furniture, packed with several stools, chairs, and a bed, and a long table covered with small pots and tools.
Dean chuckled. “I guess it’s an acquired taste.” He watched Cas push the mug away with a deep frown, and muttered, “Where have you come from, man?”
“What’s fancy?” Dean asks, setting three beer bottles down on the table between them.
“Quite right, Mister Singer,” Castiel agreed, dipping his head in turn.
Dean nods. “Oh, I didn’t mean...I mean I’m seriously impressed with what you’ve got going on here.” He turns back towards the entrance to the walled garden. “I’m gonna…” He trails off, gesturing off along the wall.
Dean looked around immediately, but Castiel was trapped in a corner of the room by Miss Fox, a vivacious young woman who travelled in Lady Donn’s circle. Their eyes met for a moment, but could not linger, so Dean sat himself down beside his friend. “Very well,” he said, eyeing the spread.
She reached out, placing the conch in Castiel’s arms.
Castiel reaches his hand around, gripping Dean firmly by the neck. Somehow, that’s what does it—feeling so held down, so at Cas’ mercy, makes an eruption of white hot come sputter from the tip of Dean’s dick. He’s still crying out when he feels Castiel shout out a guttural noise, a frantic scramble for completion, and then his hole feels wet and dripping. Castiel falls against his back like a weight clamoring to the floor, and Dean clenches until his hole tightens around Cas’ over-sensitive cock. Dean moans at the intrusion, feeling truly and ecstatically stuffed full. Eventually Castiel’s dick softens and slips out and Dean rises to his elbows. Between the ever-present rain and the come slippery inside his hole, he’s not sure he’s ever felt more wet, dirty, and used in his life.
Dean could feel the heat prickling behind his ears and at the back of his neck, but he couldn’t look away from Castiel’s gaze: thankful, earnest, hopeful…something more? Moistening his lips with a slow flick of his tongue, Dean huffed out a slightly disbelieving sound, still stuck on Castiel’s eyes. “Well,” he said, low, “I have a pretty fine partner.”
Cas...
Garth still sounds nervous as he speaks, "Well, I think I'm done for tonight, anyway. Have a good night."
was, although he could hazard a guess, as his gaze returned to the sleeping man beside the bed.
“And you did,” Castiel said, far more gently than Dean deserved. “You killed him.”
“Uh…” Dean scours through his notes, spotting the title written down in his messy, all-caps scrawl. He only knows of its existence from a shady online message board he ended up on last night, which he’s pretty sure is run by lay magicians. But there’s so little information known about the Seal, that he has to consider every avenue. “
"Hey, get down from there, Felix!"
Cas frowns, but nods, staying put as Dean weaves through the crowd towards the hallway where the bathrooms are located. He feels unsteady, as though his head is starting to spin slightly, which is weird because he’s only had one beer.
Castiel is momentarily unable to breathe. The Academy had told him that witnesses had had their memory altered—a difficult undertaking for so many students and faculty, but easily within the abilities of Babbage's ruling council.
They set off to walk the two blocks to the bar where they’re due to meet Charlie, pulling their coats close in the cutting breeze blowing this evening.
“You’re kidding. After all that, you’re still with her?”
“First timer?”
He opens his eyes and gasps out, “Dean…?” then the room goes dark.
- girls
Castiel, not a magical mirror version, and that’s probably all it ever was. Just Castiel standing behind him. But then again—Cas is wearing a maroon hoodie tonight, not his standard shirt and tie like he was in the mirror just now. What in the hell does that mean?
“Mm, such a sweet talker,” Dean whispers flirtily. His hand slips over his bare chest, and he realizes his cock is twitching a little just from the sound of Cas’ voice. “You in bed?”
“You know I’d been hoping you would reconnect with Lady Lisa, after your rather-too-amiable parting in London,” John began. “With only a younger sister, you know she is one of the best matches we can find for you, all her male cousins lost to war and tragedy like that.”
"No, it was not." Dean stepped forward into Cas' space, watching as he inhaled sharply. This was risky, but he needed to make sure Cas knew of his feelings. No matter the outcome.
Castiel heard a splashing somewhere out in the gently rolling surf, pulling him out of his musings. He turned to look, and nearly toppled over in his haste to stand up and hurry out into the water, stopping to roll up his trouser legs so they wouldn’t get wet. Gabriel himself was here, just his head breaking the surface behind some large rocks just out to sea.
Dean looks back up, staring at his smirking brother again. “Yeah, when I was a
“He was quite insistent that we shouldn’t keep eligible young ladies from those that are currently out fishing, as it were,” Dean said lightly.
As he follows the students back towards the front of the library, exhaustion from the casting of lay magic plus his sleepless week catches up with him, and he staggers a little against the shelves on his way out. He needs food, and bed.
He’s aware of Charlie’s pitying look, but still can’t help flinching as she says, “You miss him, don’t you?”
A hand on his back steadies him. “Would you like me to stop?” Castiel asks, ever the gentleman.
“I admit I did not want anyone to know, but there must have been a few at the garden party last week who overheard.” He wondered…Charlie and Dean had been there, but so had many others.
Relief flows through his tense limbs. Nothing to do with the resistance, then. “Oh? Between some of my students?”
“I would enjoy that very much. What are you wearing?”
Dean grabs his car keys and his wallet and walks out the front door—promising to come back soon with groceries worthy of a family reunion. Once he’s gone, Castiel claps his hands together and leads them to his dining room table, offering them a variety of beverages. His refrigerator and bar are so well stocked, Anna doubts Dean actually
Until Cas gasped, the light went out, and the amulet flew out of his grasp…
“Did you find all the volumes you were looking for on Thursday?” he asked Sam, stepping into the shade of a large oak to sip his wine.
Dean takes in the triumphant look on Cas’ face, the barely there smile. Fuck, he’s missed him.
“Okay, okay,” he waves them off casually. “That’s enough inflating our egos for one day.” He smiles sheepishly at Castiel, whose cheeks are pink, and they look at each other companionably. “We’ll practice again on Wednesday, with a rotation of new professors to help out. For homework, I’d like you and your partner to practice for at least an hour, and be prepared with notes on what your strengths and weaknesses are.”
But just as he's about to crash into them, a loud crack sounds, and the Croat crashes into the mud in a spray of blood.
“Ah. Okay then, never mind.” She wanders off towards the food table, but she almost runs right into Anael on the way. She veers off when Anael drags her out of the room and back into the corridor.
Crowley smirks, tucking his hands into his pockets. “And Rosco said you were just a pretty face.”
As he neared the kitchen, he heard tuneless humming. Ellen was here, at least, busy over something on the kitchen counter. “Mornin’,” he began, but stopped when she startled, turning with one hand on her chest.
Dean lowers his eyes, trying and failing to mask his concern. “C’m’here,” he instructs quietly, and Castiel tilts his head but obeys. Dean reaches upwards, clasping his hands—they’re not only chilly, they’re borderline frigid.
When he glances at Dean, he seems amused.
This is most definitely a trap, but Dean shrugs and says, “Knock yourself out.”
“Good afternoon, Novak,” Winchester said goodnaturedly, clapping a hand to Castiel’s shoulder and making the cups rattle alarmingly. A little more quietly, he added, “Seen the papers today?”
Dean stopped, putting his hand on Castiel’s elbow and turning him in place until their eyes met. They were just around the corner from Well Walk now, and a lamplighter had lit the lights along Clarence Street, casting a warm glow over the patch of road where they stood.
Castiel’s eyes snapped up to Dean’s, his lips parting in what might have been offence, but Dean held his grin, and after another half-second Castiel relaxed, seeming to understand that he was merely being teased. “My cakes are no such thing,” he mumbled quietly, so low Dean doubted even Charlie heard it. “‘Bland,’ indeed.”
Cas’ eyes narrow, and he tilts his head in just that way that means he hasn’t understood Dean’s reference.
Castiel picks up the second shot and downs it like the first, tasting the bright green of a grassy meadow full of wildflowers, a picnic by the river with Meg, the bells ringing in town. The elated freedom of being finished with classes for the term, and the first not-quite-warm sunny day they are able to really enjoy.
“No problem. We call it Serenity—the hot chocolate.” He grins, dipping a spoon into his mug to stir in some of the cream. He should say something, but now that Cas is actually here, in his café...he’s really not sure where to begin. He has no idea how to make small talk with the guy he’s secretly been lusting after for months, who turns out to be
As his gaze travels around the room, he notices the bartender serving a group of people down the bar a ways. As the man turns, Castiel recognizes him, but before he can turn away or duck his head, Inias has seen him and raises a hand in greeting.
No one was supposed to remember it. But Crowley does. How?
Hurt and anger cross the demon’s features, before his impassive mask slots back into place. He pulls his hand from Dean’s leg, and Dean abruptly gets to his feet.
They’d only been in Bobby’s office a few minutes, leaving word with his secretary of the morning's events. They’d report back in later, as soon as the research boys and lab men had been given a little time to do their work. Always busy, Bobby trusted Dean to know what to do by now.
Sam choked on his mouthful of wine, spluttering a little as his face flushed scarlet. As Castiel passed him a napkin, Mick added with a grin and a thump to Sam's back, “I'll take that as yes!”
Castiel is still standing close behind him, taking in the room full of warlocks with an uneasy wariness that makes Dean feel guilty. He hopes they won’t have to hang around for too long to hear what the council has to say—looks like Cas could do with getting out of here, and Dean isn’t feeling too hot himself right now, anyway.
"Night Cas," she says, grinning at him. “Enjoy your evening.”
“Aaron!” Dean said, obviously delighted to see this man. They wrapped each other in a warm embrace and patted each other's backs, then Dean glanced back to beckon Castiel over. “Come on, Cas. Mister Aaron Bass, this is my colleague, Lord Milton.”
“Less punch, more wooing,” came a rough voice behind Dean. He spun, a little panicked, only to be greeted by Sam’s self-satisfied grin.
Castiel glances back over his shoulder to see Dean hovering behind him, looking worried. “Go on, the shower has hot water.” He gestures towards the bathroom. “I’ll take care of this.”
Dean took his leave immediately, striding straight out of the tall metal gates that framed the entrance to Sands House, Lady Donn’s fine home. It was a beautiful building, Dean could see that much—huge, blocky and imposing, several stories of weathered local limestone set amongst expansive gardens. The place was stunning.
Dean laughs so loudly that a few of the people around them turn around to stare at him. He rubs at his eye as he gasps out, “Oh god, that’s fuckin’ hilarious. Wish I’d been there to see it.”
“Yet another reason why it’s good that the plan is working!” Dean said, picking up the butter knife and finally selecting a biscuit for himself.
Dean nods. “Speaking of which, Cas, how long have you known Crowley? Old buddy of yours from Oxford?”
He watches helplessly as two enforcer medics bustle into the room, hurrying over to Anna and checking her vitals. Another woman kneels next to Sam, examining his arm while Dean looks on anxiously.
Dean put his glass on a side table next to an armchair nearby and stepped towards Cas, reaching out to take his hand. “Cas…” he murmured, tilting his head down to catch Cas’s eyes before he continued. “That day...that kiss? It opened my eyes to so many things. But then you left, and I didn’t know what to do.” He took a breath again, the pain of these words scraping raw in his throat. “Now I know, after tonight...the last eight years I’ve been marking time. Because nothing can compare to how I felt—how I
“And risk your brother’s life in the process?” Castiel retorts, his tone turning incredulous. That stops Dean dead in his tracks, and he takes a step back, sighing into his hands.
This time when Sam starts off, he wobbles back and forth, but gets up a bit of speed as Dean holds onto the back of the bike. “That’s it, you’re getting it! Keep going!”
sleeves was clean and neat, and if it hadn’t been for the horrific angry noises she made and her shiny, wholly black eyes, it would have been easy to mistake her for just another party guest, lost in the gardens.
