Dean swallows, letting himself fall into a simple at ease position, as Cas steps into his space, the soft sweater barely brushing Dean’s chest. Castiel’s always done that, just shoved himself close to Dean without even really noticing, as though he belongs here, close. As though he’s got every right - and he does. Castiel hands smooth over his shoulders, down his arms, and Dean’s fighting not to close his eyes.
Sliding slick, soapy hands over his arms and chest, he rubs at some of the soreness in his muscles before following the soapy trail down, fingers rubbing softly against his pubic hair. He’s not supposed to touch, but washing off has always been okay. He runs his hand over his cock, which is fattening up. It feels really good, so he rubs it a little more, making sure he’s clean, until his thumb slides over the slit. He groans when the pleasure shoots through him, leaning back against the tiles, gently fucking his hand.
, when the memory of soap coating his teeth returns. He fumes silently, eyes narrowed.
“D’you mean it?” Dean murmurs, right before he falls asleep. “Ab't being yours?”
“I know, sweetheart,” Cas murmurs and kisses his forehead. “You’ve been stressed, working hard, and we hadn’t had a chance to really be together, and you needed to feel me. Did I get that right?”
“But you--” Dean flails. “But I--”
“I like you like that,” Cas says. “Stay there. Ass up, cheek against the ground.”
“Hold on,” he says, and Dean nods weakly.
“You thought I’d leave,” Cas says, barely above a breath.
“Again.”
“I’m sorry, Daddy,” he says, one last time.
“Yes, it’s a safe space!” Dean rolls his eyes. “The fuck do you want from me? Are we going to sing kumbaya now?”
“Did I scare you?” he ask.
“I can’t live like that,” Cas says, and now his eyes are brimming with tears. “I love you too much.”
“What’s it worth to you?” Cas asks. “Hm? What’s it worth having an orgasm? Would you let me pour that hot sauce into your dick? Bet that would burn. Bet you’d scream so good. Would you do that for the chance to come?”
Dean nods, wiggling in his seat.
This time Dean did snarl and Castiel met his gaze with infuriating calm.
“Sure?” he whispers, eyes searching for something in Dean’s again.
A small frown mars Cas’s forehead, and Dean reaches up with a thumb to smooth it out. Cas’s eyes move behind his eyelids, but he doesn’t stir, and Dean thinks of cardigans with tissues in the sleeves, of popcorn and scorch marks, of the ugliest damn bathrobe in the world, of the man who would and could and wanted to beat him black and blue and choke him ‘till he passed out, but also worried about perfume confusing bees.
“You punish them,” Dean whispers, and okay, yeah, now the tears are running down his cheeks.
Zapp.
“Dean--”
“You haven’t--you haven’t called me that in so long,” Cas’s voice is hoarse. “I missed it.”
The shock sends a jolt through him, but Cas must have lowered the intensity, because Dean maintains position even as his eyes water and limbs tremble. Cas keeps going, hitting the button over and over again, until tears are streaming freely down Dean’s cheeks, his breath shuddering, nose clogged. There is no way in hell he looks any kind of
When Dean’s nose touches the plaster, he feels like sagging in relief. This is safe. This is a net around him, holding him together. This is an old, soft sweater on a cold night. This is the world righting itself after an earthquake, when up becomes up again, and the ground stills beneath his soul.
Cas backs out, turning toward home.
“Yes,” Dean says quietly. “Yes, Daddy. Please.”
Something just got caught in his throat and that’s why he needs to clear it.
Castiel steps back with a pleased hum, and twirls his finger. Dean turns, heat flashing across his face. He knows what’s coming next, but it never stops the feeling of shame rolling through him. As predicted, there’s a tap on his back a moment later, and he bends forward to put his hands on his knees - and then straightens his back when Castiel fingers press against his lower back.
“Every day?” Cas echoes, and Dean wants to kiss him.
When he comes to properly again, Cas is sitting back up, wiping a hand over his mouth. He grins at Dean.
Watersports: The Sequel. Cas and Dean play with urine.
Cas hums. “I think you do. You were very sure on what I should use.”
“About being horny, you nitwit.”
Everything is right in the world.
, and manages to weakly lap at Castiel’s balls.
and now it’s so big, so impossibly big and so impossibly far inside him and oh
The cap of the lube snicks open and the tube makes an undignified farting noise that seems loud in the quiet room. Dean snorts.
“Yes, Jesus fuck,” Dean pants like any sane person would after getting attacked in the shower. “How long have you been there?! Since when is this a thing you do?”
The first night in the cage is weird. He’s done this already with one of the prototypes, having worn it for a week, but waking up with his balls throbbing and cock trying to harden will never cease to be a strange sensation. Cas sleeps peacefully next to him and Dean glares at him in the dark. He goes back to sleep, uncomfortable. He wakes up the next morning with Cas’s hand covering his caged cock, which is reassuring and nice, but his cock is still trying to get hard. It hurts, quite a lot.
“Dean,” he breathes, fingers tracing Dean’s cheekbone.
and that’s sending jolts down to his cock. He’ll figure out a way to justify whimpering later, but for now his mind is all instinct, chanting
, is the bee’s knees. Even worse, when Cas calls him on how hard his cock can get from it, and Dean’s cheeks burn and he cries from humiliation, but his cock stays absolutely rock hard and throbbing.
“Aren’t you grateful for my patience? I’m taking the time to teach you,” Cas continues, and Dean has no idea how he can thrust so hard while talking, but Cas is merciless against Dean’s sore and abused prostate.
He’s still pouting when he gets to the car. Cas looks more like himself than he has all week, sitting in the driver’s seat, hair tousled and his coat open. He looks relaxed. Confident. Hot as sin.
“Up you go,” Castiel says. “Facing me.”
“Ice, huh? Good choice,” Cas says, yanks his boxers down and presses two slick fingers into Dean’s ass.
Down his pants his hand does slip
“Come back next week with something written,” he tells Cas.
“Please don’t,” Dean says, and his eyes sting. “I’ll do it anyway you want, sir!”
Cas’ eyes go wide. He cradles Dean’s face again, kissing him like he’s valuable, cherished - loved. He doesn’t know what to do with that idea and shoves it into the back of his mind. Cas rolls them over, kneeling above Dean again, before reaching to his nightstand and pulling out lube and a condom.
Then Cas goes on a business trip, some stupid conference for bank tellers because that’s apparently a thing that exists? What the actual fuck. Whatever. Dean’s not upset. Of course he can do a weekend without Cas. He’s done it before. He’s an adult, capable of his own goddamn choices.
“I think every filthy, greedy little cock needs an owner, don’t you?”
It keeps making him feel warm and fuzzy and
It’s all he can do to shake his head. No, no he’s not going to talk about this. It’s too dangerous, it’s too much. No.
Okay, cool, now he’s blushing too. Cool cool. Yep.
Mutely, in utter misery, he stares up at his husband, who towers over him, one large hand wrapping around Dean’s and pinning them both to the wall. Dean turns his face upward, as if seeking grace, and Cas makes this punched out sound as he gives it, coming in long stripes over Dean’s face.
“Will you do it?” he asks.
“Hurt. Me.” He spat out, the words costing him another bit of control.
“Drop your pants,” Cas says behind him as Dean’s hauling some frozen chicken out of the chest freezer at the store.
“God,” Cas says, still licking at him. “I’m going to unlock you more often, pet. I missed your cock in my mouth, missed hearing you whimper like this.”
Dean laughs, but it’s hollow. “Paperwork? You think I reported this? Nah, Cas. He was waitin’ by Baby when I came out after checking out. Said
Breathplay: For a while, Dean can't breathe. (Smothering, no choking.)
“One day, boy,” Cas says, petting him. “We’re going to see if you can outrun the range of this. I’ll let you run, give you a nice head start, then fetch you. I’ve done it before, but maybe you’re forgetting, hm? Wouldn’t want that.”
” He sighs and runs a hand through his hair, “If I got to decide, I’d shout it from the fucking rooftops, man. At work though, I gotta keep my head down. There’s too much riding on me having that job, Cas
“Could I fuck you in front of other people?”
“You don’t need to drool over me,” he says.
He doesn’t
Cas kisses his neck, stroking his sides slowly, almost reverently. Then the cap of the lube bottle clicks open, and slick fingers slide slowly between his cheeks. It’s been so long, it’s been so very, very long, and Dean forces himself to go limp. When Cas finger breaches him, his breath stutters again. His skin prickles, like goosebumps rushing all over, as that finger gently and slowly prods in and out of him. Soon, it’s joined by another, and the stretching is delicious. He groans, spreading his thighs further apart and rocking back at them. Cas twists and scissors slowly. He’s not looking to drag it out, there’s no teasing in his movements, but he’s being careful, as though he’s expecting Dean to tell him off.
Cas pinches his nipple and twists, pulling hard until Dean’s arching toward him with a yelp. “You can press the button, or hurt while you’re pressing the button.”
Dean can’t meet his eyes, stares at the white shirt. “Yes, Daddy.”
Dean hugs him harder.
“Lie down,” Cas says.
Dean stares at the table and his eyes burn treacherously.
He gets up, opens the door and walks out.
Oh no, there goes their travel route!
“Daddy,” Dean whimpers, desperate.
He shifts, feeling the uncomfortable weight in his bladder. Isn’t exploding bladder a thing? Before he knows he’s doing it, he’s slid off the counter and bolted for the stairs, trying to get to the master bath which Cas couldn’t have locked since he used it this morning.
“Which one will it be?” he muses. “I bet you could come through the hot sauce. Bet it’d hurt, but maybe it’d feel a little bit good too.”
the cat o’ nine tail taunted.
They don’t talk about it.
Cas grabs his hair and wrenches his head back.
, Dean wants to say, but all he can do is flare his nostrils and keen. Castiel taps his cock with two fingers, bouncing it up against Deans stomach. He draws a breath. Castiel does it again and Dean let’s it out, only to suck in half a breath as quick as he can when he sees Castiel’s other hand rising and pinching his nose shut again. He stares into Castiel’s eyes, his own wide, body trying to fight for air.
Dean stares down as Cas locks his cock away in the tiny cage, and then onto the page where his semen is drying. Yeah. Okay.
“Why did you do it?”
“What was that?” Cas asks.
He’s so scared, he grabs Cas’s hand under the table and holds it for a long time. That’s his story if anyone asks. They don’t though, and Cas only smiles and kisses his knuckles.
if you felt safe to drive; a whiskey puts you above the legal limit and
They kiss slowly and then Dean shifts so Cas can pull the t-shirt off him. The covers are rumpled below him when he falls back onto the bed, Cas tracing invisible patterns over his ribs, his stomach, stroking one hip. Dean should move, should do something, but Cas touch and kisses are so gentle that he thinks he’ll break if he does, so he lies there. Cas cradles his face in his hands, kisses his forehead again, trails light kisses over his eyelids and nose, stroking gently along his cheekbones.
Ice clinks behind him and Cas’s hand spreads his cheeks. Dean shrikes, shrill and loud as ice is pressed against his hole. It’s burning cold and he pitches himself forward to get away, shivering from the shock. Cas’s hand on his hip pulls him back, pushes the cube against his ass and Dean moans behind his gag as it slips in. Another cube follows, then yet another, and they settle inside him, cold and hard and terrible. He’s gasping by the time Cas says, “Last one” and unceremoniously shoves a piece of ice inside him.
It tastes gross, of leather and dust and shoe polish, but Dean licks it dutifully, his knees aching, abs on fire, fingers cramping where they're keeping his ass spread. He cleans one shoe, mouth drying on the dust, then leans his forehead against it, seeking benediction, redemption, a moment of kindness.
He might tie Cas’s shoe laces together.
“What are you doing here?”
Only the last one matters.
“I could have hurt someone,” Dean says promptly. “I could have hit someone with my car, if I’d swerved, or not had time to react. Me driving was dangerous.”
“That looks empty,” Cas notes.
“Oh. I didn't know, Dean, I swear. Oh, God.”
They blink at him.
He flushes hard, blood rushing to his cheeks.
“Down,” Cas says and it’s so easy to sink to his knees.
It takes a whole session before they’ve laid out all the issues and miscommunications.
Yes. Yes, they had. Dean pressed his face closer to Cas's leg, breathing deeply. For now, the foulness inside him had calmed, and later, they’d figure it out together, but for now, everything was finally okay.
The power makes Dean’s jump, his entire body seizing for one second, thighs trying to close.
Dean’s shoulders ache as he hunches forward, tugging awkwardly at the unyielding cuffs around his wrists. He feels pathetic, speared on the plug and cock hardening against Cas’s hand. The tears come back, running silently over his cheeks. His jaw hurts. Cas’s hand goes away and comes back warm and slick, which feels so good Dean groans deeply.
“You haven’t earned my cock. Close your mouth,” Cas says roughly, still panting.
Cas fucks him for real, face down and ass up. Dean holds himself open as Cas’s cock pounds in and out. Cas’s hips smack against Dean’s ass and hands, and he’s flying. It’s so good. When Cas wrenches him up, back against chest, Dean goes willingly. He clamps his hands around Cas’s arm, then shouts when Cas’s hand closes around his cock.
“Daddy,” he forces out. “Please use me.”
“Wait, what?”
Dean whines, but doesn’t stop the slow, dirty grind against the sheet. His cock is fully hard now, trapped inside his boxers, and he can’t quite get a good angle.
They cuddle for a while longer, then Cas prompts him over to his stomach and sets about looking at the bruises.
It sure as fuck doesn’t, but Dean gets dressed, all the while hoping Cas isn’t going to make him walk into a store with a shock collar around his balls.
Cas picks it up, swings it through the air a few times. It’s thicker than Cas’s cane, but the fresh hazel has a wicked spring. It’s going to cut deep and bruise bad, Dean knows.
Dean opens his mouth and shows him the pool of come.
Dean keens. He doesn’t know where to go, he’s so exposed and his cock is smearing precome all over his stomach, pulsing and throbbing even though he hasn’t even touched it yet. His nipples are hard in the cool air, his fingers in his ass are so good and not enough, and he’s so, so humiliated. He wants to be good, he wants to be good for Cas.
“Next, it’s your cock. Fetch it.”
Cas pokes him. “You’re closer to the remote; turn on the TV, Grey’s Anatomy is on.”
“Hmh,” is all Cas says, eyes narrowed.
Naked, Dean scampers after him, unable to look away from Cas’s broad shoulders in his dark blue suit. The house is bordering on cold, since they’ve lowered the heating as the days have gotten longer and warmer. Cas leads him into the living room, stepping right on the line of Dean’s dirty clothes that litter the floor. Dean’s cheeks burn with shame as Cas settles into an armchair and looks up at him.
Cas is pale, but to his credit, he doesn’t say anything.
"Oomph," the sound of lip on lip
“Shh,” Dean mutters. “Come on, we’re just moving up on the bed, alright. Come on, babe.”
Dean gets manhandled into laying down, framed by Cas’s legs and head propped up on his stomach. He graciously doesn’t complain, choosing to wrap his arms around Cas instead. A hand settles in his hair and Cas turns the page.
“It’s nothing.” Dean shrugs.
“Two. Look at me.”
“Yes, Daddy,” Dean says, hunching in on himself in shame.
“Only when he’s angling for a punishment,” Cas replies.
Dean kicks. He writhes. He curses. He’s crying, whole body racked with sobs, by the time Cas stops. Except he stops only to pick up the hairbrush, which he brandies over Dean’s ass as though he hasn’t been spanked already.
“Over my lap,” he says and grabs Dean’s arm.
He flops down in the chair and glares at them.
Dean digs his fingers into the carpet, and he struggles.
It sends him sprawling again, writhing.
“Jesus Christ,” Cas chokes out, his hand flying faster.
“Daddy, Daddy, Daddy,” he chants desperately.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas groans and hides his head in his pillow. When he reappears, it’s with narrowed eyes and Dean barely has time to flinch before the covers have been jerked off him.
Dean is shivering everywhere, his bladder painful and he wants to come, wants to piss, but he shakes his head.
Cas’ hands scrabble against his neck, paw against his chest, roaming, restless, and then he breaks away, breathing hard, looking Dean into the eyes for half a second before they’re kissing again. Dean scrambles, his hands now on Cas’ butt pulling Cas upward, closer still, licking into his mouth and taking, taking. When his hands manage to release Cas’ ass (and if Dean was more conscious, he’d totally make a joke about it, but he’s not because it’s a damn fine ass that stole all his braincells), he finds Cas’ tie, and he starts undoing it. Cas pulls away, only far enough to murmur against his lips.
Dean's laugh isn’t really a laugh and he rolls his eyes. “C’mon then, Cas. See if you can break me.”
“Why don’t you roll over, show me that needy little cock?” Cas suggests.
“So I tried giving it to you. Tried to let you be all that. I thought… I thought I made you like that.” Cas’s voice is thin, barely above a whisper. “Like, maybe I punished you so hard you didn’t dare defy me, or that I bent you so far you’d lost everything but trying to be what I want. Then I thought, what if this is what you want? That, if this is the life you want to live, I have to,” Cas’s voice breaks, “I have to let you go, because I can’t. I can’t do it. I hate it. I love you, Dean, but I can’t--not like this. I’d rather you be happy with someone else.”
“What’s that? You made my cock hard and now you can’t take it?”
“How late were you?” Cas asks.
Cas feeds it to him, piece by piece, until it’s gone.
“Yes, Daddy,” Dean sobs.
Their first appointment doesn’t go well.
He presses a piece of ice against Dean’s taint and Dean whines pathetically. Time moves slowly, the ice inside him and the ice on his taint melting. It burns with cold. By the time Cas sits him up on his knees and has him push the water out into a bowl, his briefs are wet where Cas has left them on his thighs, his gag is soaked with saliva and Dean’s lashes are sticky with tears.
“Congratulations, Jane,” Crowley deadpans.
If he's quiet this shouldn't be an issue
He doesn’t get up, just stays down and shakes through his sobbing.
Dean walks into the cozy living room, where Cas is still in his work suit and tie despite it being nine on a Friday evening. He’s lost the jacket, unbuttoned the top button and loosened his tie, sitting comfortably on the sofa, nursing a beer. Zach must have kept him late at the office. Dean flops down next to him, not bothering to take off his jacket.
!! A TAG HAS BEEN ADDED AND A NOTE EXPLAINING THE TAG IS AT THE BOTTOM !!
“So good,” Cas murmurs against Dean’s lips.
“Do you need to safeword?” Cas asks gently.
He stalls, unable to explain the need of getting hard, of receiving any type of sexual stimulation, of feeling skin on skin and cotton against his cock, something that isn’t muted by steel bars.
“I’ll getcha that paper on Monday, I swear,” the girl says, shifting awkwardly.
Now Dean’s breathless for entirely different reasons, and he nods dumbly, shuffling aside when Cas nudges him.
“On second thought: You better pay for a drink first. I’m not running a charity.”
Dean puts his head in his hands. “I fucked up, Crowley.”
“Yes, Daddy,” Dean nods, and holy fuck, everything is on fire.
“I'll take them off,” he manages, forcing his hands to his belt.
Some things change after that, some things don’t. Cas takes to it like a fish to water. He requires that Dean texts where he is and where he’s going, and instead of feeling inconvenienced and oppressed, Dean feels safe. Cas starts plating his food, and Dean’s startled to find it makes him acutely aware of who Cas is to him. To his dismay, his portions of rabbit food grow. He really should have guessed.
“I love you too, sweetheart,” Dean says and kisses Cas’s forehead. “Let’s nap for a bit, yeah? We can talk later.”
in Cas's arms and lips he's found his Heaven
“Daddy, please,” he keens, twisting. “Please, please, please, Daddy.”
The world blurs into pain, the thwacks on his ass making Dean cry and scream until he’s hoarse. He’s pretty sure he’s still kicking, but he couldn’t tell you for sure. It’s terrible and all he wants is for it to stop. He begs for it to end, he promises Cas he’s learned his lesson, and yet Cas keeps going.
Cas is quiet for a while, then he nods. “Maybe August first,” he says.
“By the end of this, you’ll be wishing you’d have chosen the hot sauce.”
“I want to lodge a complaint,” Dean says, shutting the engine off.
“Go slower,” Cas says, and Dean whimpers slightly and slows down. “Slower. There. Good. You can get off, if you don’t irritate me.”
Dean smirks, coming up to kiss Cas again. Cas crushes their mouths together, the hand on Dean’s head pulling him close, and when they separate this time they lie panting next to each other for a while. It’s enough time to make Dean decide and he looks around, before meeting Cas’ gaze again. He coughs.
Dean nods again.
Cas patts his ass and Dean climbs up on the bed, going down on his elbows.
Dean presses the button, torn between folding over to protect his balls and rising up to relieve some of the pressure from his nipple.
” Cas sighs and turns, sitting on the grass and wrapping his arms around his knees. “I’m sorry I went off on you. I thought… It doesn’t matter what I thought, I just
Cas reached past him, picked up the device and that was the last time Dean saw it for months.
“Again, same spot,” Cas frowns. “I thought you said you could control yourself for me, but that was pathetic, and you’re still hard.”
“Daddy,” he says quietly.
“I can’t,” he says, wiping at his cheeks and rubbing his face before staring straight at Cas. “I can’t do this without you, Cas. I don’t want to.” He breathes. “Babe, I
There’s a beep behind him.
I thought,
Startlingly blue eyes meet Dean’s and Dean stands.
He’s wearing a cardigan over striped pyjamas, his eyes are red and his voice sounds like he went three rounds with a cheese grater. Dean steps forward and Cas steps back automatically. He frowns slightly.
“No,” Dean says.
. I wanted to give you everything, every little piece I had, so you wouldn’t go. It hurt, Cas. It hurt so bad.”
“Maybe I’m paying to too much attention,” Cas continues. “I have let you come an awful lot, maybe it got the wrong idea. Maybe it thinks it matters.”
loving this.”
The way he instantly puts the mug and Kindle down, and comes over to press Dean into the counter, his tongue fucking slow and languid into Dean’s mouth, is kind of telling.
He stares helplessly at his husband, then tries to explain.
Dean doesn’t say it, but the fact that Cas shoves his him down onto his knees, back against the wall, and fuck his mouth as though Dean’s nothing more than a convenient hole, probably does more to settle him than anything else.
“Because you love me.” Dean’s voice breaks.
Dean keens, tries leaning backwards, which only pushes the plug harder against his painful bladder.
There’s a pause, then: “Alright. You have three minutes.”
They go again. And again. Cas can see where there will be bruises on Dean’s ass, where he wasn’t warmed up. He’s getting warm himself, forcing his breath to come slow and even. He will not lose his temper, because this isn’t about him.
“See? That’s what I want to hear.” Cas says.
Thankfully, oh, mercifully, the bedroom is right next to the stairs, which is good because Cas seems so fond of shoving now, and he’s backing Dean into the room, shoving him onto the bed. There, he pauses in the middle of climbing on top of Dean, one knee on the mattress between Dean’s splayed legs, one hand next to Dean’s shoulder.
Dean groans in defeat. “I’m thinking,” he starts, “I’m thinking about how exposed I am. How I can’t hide.”
Cas nods again.
“Thank you, sir,” Dean murmurs around the cotton, sucking slightly at it.
It takes him a while to get out of the chair and there’s the fucking beep again. He stumbles towards the remote, but last second, he bolts. Across the yard, up the patio steps, inside the kitchen, heading for the nearest locked room.
“Yeah,” Dean breathes, trying to not nip back in.
“You’re not going to go anywhere,” Cas observes. “Might as well talk.”
“I was going to be nice,” Cas says, hauling him over to the tap, then pinning him down with a foot on his neck. “Do you know what nice boys say? They say
isn’t leaving. In fact, Cas never had an affair to begin with. He wasn’t even trying to.
“Yes, Daddy,” Dean whispers.
The ride is smooth, Cas reaching for his hand over the console, linking their fingers together. The radio is on again, a low backdrop. The window wipers swish slowly, wiping away the thin drizzle.
from behind the improvised gag. The handcuffs are solid and hard, keeping his hands behind his back.
“Is this common?” Crowley asks, gesturing at Dean.
you accuse me of that!”
Then he can’t do anything but sob the rest of the way home.
It must be some sort of mercy, because Dean is trembling so hard he can barely stand as he puts his hands on the coffee table and bends over.
He makes it about halfway across the yard before Cas tackles him to the ground. They roll around violently, Dean scrambling to get up and Cas doing his best to pin him down. One of Cas’s knees catches Dean’s ribs painfully and Dean’s bare foot collides with Cas’s thigh harder than intended.
Desperation play: Dean really, really needs to wee.
A cough from the door makes him freeze, his heart pounding rapidly in his throat.
Cas pauses, eyes narrowed and cold.
“I still think therapy is a good idea,” Cas says after wetting his hair.
It’s Saturday, the first of August, and Cas is already fiddling with the lock.
“No!” Dean says, opening his eyes and glaring. “Maybe. Okay, yes, but if Crowley could be less of a fucking shithead, we wouldn’t have this fucking problem.”
“They really are greedy. Where else are you greedy?”
“I like not having any control. I like not knowing what’s going to happen. I like being scared - not
“Daddy,” Dean says, trying to keep his voice even.
“Thirty, for putting yourself at risk,” Cas says and Dean shakes his head, mouthing
“Cain’s alright,” he answers. “We mostly talked about bees.”
Dean.
“I think about you taking me for walks,” Dean gasps. “Hands cuffed behind my back and my cock in a tiny cage, and you’ve got this dainty chain and you’re leading me around by my cock where anyone could see.” He’s fucking into Cas’s hand now, “I think about you tattooing your name into my ass, or maybe burning it in, god that would hurt, it’d hurt for so long, but I’d be yours, I’m always yours, Cas, god, I can’t.”
Dean scampers, rushing to the bedroom where he kneels on the bed, ass up, face pressed to the sheets. He’s still embarrassingly hard, the tip of his cock rubbing against his stomach and sending sparks through him. He rocks his hips slightly.
The pain might do nothing for him, but he knows how Cas gets off on it, knows just watching the bruises blossom to life is making Cas hard. Knows Cas likes him writhing and crying in pain as he fucks him, and as much as Dean doesn’t like the pain, he loves giving Cas what he wants, even when it hurts. It’s part of their relationship, and maybe Dean’s fucked up in some way, but he craves it, craves that feeling of peace that comes with being squashed beneath Cas’s heel and held firmly in place.
“Really?”
“Well, you walked into a bar…”
It doesn’t matter though. It’s alright. Everything is okay.
“What?”
Dean rolls his eyes, gets up and walks out.
gesture with his hand, and Dean strokes again. All the soap has washed away, and his hand is slightly too rough against his cock, but he doesn’t dare object. Cas’s face is entirely impassive, as he continues to look at Dean. It takes a few false starts before Dean manages to lose himself to the feeling of it. His cock is entirely uncaring about Cas’s displeasure, it delights in Dean being wet and exposed, probably pathetic looking as he shivers against cold tile and fucks his hand. Heat gathers low in his belly and he’s gasping, trying to keep his groans down, staring Cas straight into his eyes as the first contraction of orgasm shudders throu--
"Dean,” Cas says, “Was it about her parents again?”
Cas places the final six strokes right in the crease of Dean’s ass, fast, hard and merciless.
Dean sits up and leans over to grab Cas’s hand as Cas keeps talking.
“And?”
It's a far cry from now, when Cas is comfortable with what they do, as likely to kiss Dean as he is to backhand him, as likely to whisper love as he is abuse. Case in point when Dean comes in from throwing away the garbage and finds himself shoved into the wall.
“And you, Winchester. Is that working for you?”
Dean chokes on some lettuce and takes a while to cough before managing to answer, “No! Jesus. I know you wouldn’t.”
The gravel road for the last half-mile to their house crunches under the tyres, broken by the click from the blinkers as Cas pulls up to their house. Really, from the outside it doesn’t look like much. The siding is worn, the porch on the older side. There’s a light on in the living room window.
See end notes of this chapter for an explanation on the CNC tag.
Nope.
“Yeah?” Cas asks.
Dean’s cock is stupid. Dean dislikes shame and embarrassment, and he’d rather die than admit someone can get to him. His cock thinks that Dean being ridiculed, made small,
Yeah, I got nothing.
U S E L E S S
“Can I please have the covers back? Please?”
Crying it is, then.
Cas’s other hand finds his most abused nipple and pinches it again, twisting hard. Dean groans in pain.
He sobs. Cas’s fist tightens around his cock.
point
but he’s teetering on the edge of that space where he’s just falling. Flying. Free.
“Would you look at that,” Cas says, pleased. “Your cock has gone all the way down.”
Dean scrambles internally. “It’s not for punishment,” he blurts. “I, uh…”
Cas’s cock shoving into him is an electric current waking him up, making him strain and keen. Cas holds onto his cuffed arms as he thrusts, short hard jabs that grind Dean’s oversensitive cock against the edge of the counter. Dean stares at the open window, their yard and patio. Piss and come make squelching sounds under his stomach, but he doesn’t care. Cas said he’d piss himself and love it, and Cas was right. He’s nothing. Cas using his body is all that matters, it’s what he was made for. Everything else is inconsequential.
“Shower time,” Cas says, leading him back inside yet again.
“You could have swerved off the road!” Cas goes on shouting. “You could have hit someone else! You could have hit the brakes too late and gone straight into the back of a truck, and I would have had to bury you!”
“Oh god,” Dean whimpers. “Um. I don’t know where to start. Uh, there’s the human pet one, that one’s good. It’s like, you don’t care about who I am, you care about my body and what I can do with it, and you treat me like a pet. Make me sleep in a cage or on the floor by your bed, eat on the floor--and you don’t let me wear clothes, except sometimes this ugly sack, or, um, panties when you want to fuck a girl. Sometimes you tell me I have the wrong parts, and then you shame me for that. You’ll stretch my ass open and fist me and then fuck me when I’m wet and swollen and gaping.”
“What about you?” he asks Cas.
BEWARE: New tags have been added. See end notes for details if you need them.
He tries to tell Cas, but then he has to pull out the fingers of his other hand from his mouth and he didn’t even notice when he started sucking on them.
“They say if you push a dog’s nose into it’s mess, they learn to stop making messes,” Cas says. “Maybe it’ll work on useless boys like you.”
“Could I pass you around like a party favour?”
The only thing missing is the crate, but instead Dean gets Cas’s arms wrapped tight around him, and that’s even better.
Dean viciously stabs his food.
“Yes, yes, please, God, Cas, please, more…”
“Good pet,” Cas says. “There you go. Let Daddy fuck you.”
Cas’s fingers dig into Dean when he gets close, his dick slipping from between Dean’s thighs to his ass cheeks again and Cas presses them together while Dean keens from the pain, until finally Cas’s come splatters over his back.
He knows Cas fucks his mouth roughly, knows he gags and there’s tears on his cheeks and Cas’s hands in his hair are pulling him, directing him, moving him up and down on the glorious cock in his mouth, in his throat.
Dean follows the short, stocky man into an office and then sits on the chair he’s pointed into.
“Yeah,” Dean gasps, grateful and eyes stinging. “Need you to hurt me so I don’t forget myself, so I don’t start shoving other things in there.”
“Why?”
Until now, when it’s suddenly in Cas’s hand. Which would be fine, except they’ve been at this shitty cabin with Sam and Eileen for the past week, and the walls are insanely thin. Dean’s never been this jealous of sign language. Cas had quickly forbidden Dean any orgasms, citing the thin walls as a reason. He’d had no issue whatsoever with choking Dean on his own cock though, pinching Dean’s nose shut and holding him down as he struggled for air, or laying him out on the bed for a slow throat fuck, entirely ignoring Dean’s weeping cock and desperate shivering. Sam had even asked if he was coming down with something after that one, he’d been that hoarse after.
Dean huffs. “Not needed, Cas would never actually hurt me.”
Sunday, he calls Sam. Then he chats with Charlie for a bit.
“Do you mean all that?” Cas says, hesitant and awed.
It all comes to a head when Dean is peeing in Cas’s rain barrel. One minute, he’s watching the splash into the half-full barrel, the next he’s being pinned by steely blue eyes.
He feels so small.
“I’m sure it does,” Cas says quietly.
” he snaps. “You’ll stay here tonight, you’ll whine about Bela and Crowley, and tell me all about it. Then you’ll drink, probably too much, and you’ll weep into that pillow behind you, and in three days, Bela will be on the front porch, crying her eyes out because she
“I thought I wasn’t enough,” Cas says quietly, squeezing Dean’s hand right back. “I couldn’t… Dean, you were so perfect, so obedient, and I couldn’t - I didn’t-”
Then there’s liquid heat around Dean’s cock as Cas swallows him whole. Dean groans, head thrown back, and fights to stay still. Even as Cas sucks him just right, he tries to hold back. One of Cas’s hands come up and play gently with his balls and Dean can’t stop shaking.  The pleasure is hot-white as it tears through him, makes him keen and whimper, and then he’s at the edge and tumbling over it before he can warn Cas.
“If this is what happens when you mess up some pronouns, I guess I get it,” Cas says. “But Dean, why didn’t you tell me why you were late?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean shuffles that last inch or so, knees against the edge of the couch, and gently slides Cas’s cock between his lips and into his mouth, resting the tips on his tongue. Cas tastes musky, a day’s sweat and a hint of urine, but Dean closes his eyes and leans his cheek on Cas’s leg. Cas pretty much ignores his existence, choosing to reach for his Kindle and settles to read whatever it is he reads on there.
Another finger joins the first two and Cas crooks them slightly, searching before - Dean keens when Cas’ fingers hit his prostate, pleasure jolting through him. He pushes back hard, fucking himself wantonly on Cas fingers, wanting that feeling again, and again, and -
“Eighteen,” Cas says, and Dean can’t do this, he can’t, he can’t.
“Dadd--” he starts.
“I want my husband back,” Dean says, doing his best to hide his own irritation. “I love him.”
It’s like Cas has found a magic button in Dean and he’s pressing it, over and over again. Dean nods, and notices he’s sucking on his fingers again, but he doesn’t care. Cas will make it better.
“When?”
Time doesn’t really exist in the corner, and it seems like forever and only a minute before Cas calls him back out. Dean starts to stand, but Cas’s eyes narrow and he crawls instead.
“Castiel Winchester,” Cas says above him and this fucker didn’t just
Wednesday night is tough, because all he does is sleep and wake up, sleep and wake up. That evening, when he gets home, he manhandles Cas into the armchair without a word and sinks onto his knees, forehead against Cas’s lap, grabs Cas’s hand and puts it in his hair. Cas pets him for a long, long while, before sending him off to cook dinner. Dean eats from a bowl at Cas’s feet. He sleeps better after that.
Turning his head, not daring to let go of his cheeks, Dean licks at where his tears has wet the floor. It's hard, when he's still crying.
Cas hushes him, patiently pressing the plug inside until it’s a heavy, solid pressure on Dean’s insides.
He unbuttons Dean’s jeans, shoving them and his underwear down around his knees. That’s likely uncomfortable and probably slightly embarrassing, not their thing really, but he needs to surprise Dean. Dean’s not asking for nice, or their agreement, he’s asking to be
Dean nods.
“So pretty,” Cas murmurs. “Go on then, boy. Show me.”
“Alright,” Cas says, and starts the car. “Have it your way. Press it on the beep.”
“I thought you were out!” Cas explodes, gesturing around their house. “Is that why nobody visits us? Why we’re always here?”
It doesn’t take long after that for Cas to come with fast, savage thrusts. As soon as he’s come down, he pulls off.
“I can’t see, show me properly.”
Dean shakes his head, unable to form words.
Dean tilts his head back, sees Cas’s eyes narrow slightly, the observant bastard, and then the hand is squeezing gently, questioningly, and goddamn, Dean wants, wants this so bad.
“Strip, and into the corner,” he says, and points. “Crawl.”
Dean wants to object, but what can he say? He’s splayed over their bed, entirely on display, sucking his own underwear where his hard cock had been leaking into them because he couldn’t stop humping the bed.
Dean’s hand snakes around Cas’s ankle and gives him a squeeze.
“There you go,” Cas murmurs. “This is where you belong, isn't it? Below me, so far below me you can't even see to the top?”
Finally. It's about time, boys.
His vision blurs with tears. He lets them fall while Cas flicks on the TV, eats his sandwich and drinks his tea, wearing his fugly bathrobe.
The instructions were perfunctory. He could always safeword out, he had safeworded before. Castiel knew that, he knew that, but Castiel insisted on reminding him every time. He nodded - and then there was pain, punching through him. He drew another breath and shifted. Castiel must have picked one of their heavier floggers. It thudded against his upper back, pain increasing and increasing for every hit. He knew Castiel could go harder, but this wasn’t some nice, slow warm up either. The force of them made him hang his head and force himself to breathe. Castiel moved further down, covering his ass with blows that drove him up on his toes, fingers gripping the handles of the cuffs.
“Eau de Dean?”
“Stop moving,” Cas grunts in irritation one evening.
Dean whimpers, fisting his hands.
He still tries to swallow, tongue trapped under the ball, when Castiel moves aside and there’s a giant fucking dark purple dildo attached to the bed frame. It’s thick, probably as thick as Dean’s wrist, standing straight up. It’s obscene. The tip is way higher than Dean’s hip and he glances at Castiel again. Castiel just smiles.
“Yes, sir, I’m your huckleberry.”
“Look at that,” he says, still breathing hard. “Used and leaking, face full of come. Pathetic. Get off my bed.”
“Clearly. You’re here, aren’t you?”
Crowley frowns into his drink. “How did you even know where to find me?”
“Hey, fuck you,” Dean mutters to the guy that shoulders past him and knocks his overpriced drink over.
There’s a pause, and something charges the air but Dean has no fucking clue what it is. Cas is standing a little too close, as is he often does, but this time, Dean can’t make himself remind Cas of personal space. Cas gazes unwaveringly at him, before tilting his head, a question in his eyes, and Dean is
“What’s that, hmm?” Cas says, tucking himself away. “Did you get hard from sucking me off?”
Dean’s left hand flies up to his mouth, fingers shoving in deep enough to make him gag.
Dean growls quietly. Cas ignores him.
Dean tries to nod because, hello,
Cas clears his throat, and Dean remembers.
Cas is above him, fucking into him with the kind of long, deep thrusts that make Dean gasp and shudder. They’re pressed close, and the friction of Cas’s sweat slick stomach against Dean’s cock is amazing, almost better than the hand pinning his wrists above his head. Cas’s other hand smoothes over Dean’s jaw, tilts his head, and oh, God, that hand over his neck feels so, so good.
They’re in the middle of empty fields, on a thin gravel road. The ground is dusty, the remains of the summer’s wheat harvest still there on their left, but plowed into the soil on the right. The sun is low, the air warm and humid.
Cas hums, amused. “Did you realise I said you could lick them clean?”
Dean swallows and feels Cas’s hand on his face. He has just enough time to draw half a breath before Cas clamps his fingers around Dean’s snotty nose. There’s no air, and he fights for it, pulling back even as Cas’s other hand fists into his hair. Cas’s thighs wrap around his head and there’s nowhere for him to go but further down the cock in his mouth. Tears well up in his eyes as his panic grows, but just as the room starts to fade, Cas lets him up again.
“I like you,” Cas mutters as he closes his eyes. “M’keepin’ you.”
They come down together, panting and sweating. Cas pulls off after a moment, reaches for something and then wipes off Dean’s ass.
They make eye-contact over Dick’s head.
“What are you waiting for, Cas?” he taunted. “Hurt me.”
Dean has been shifting and wriggling in bed since they let the lights out, restless and with his dick twitching. Normally, he’d have slid out of bed at this point, gone to the bathroom and silently jerked off into the toilet, so that he could come back and sleep, but that’s not allowed any more. He manages to stay still for a few minutes, before slowly rolling his hips against the bed. He isn’t touching, he justifies, just rubbing.
“Just like a bitch in heat,” Cas says. “What do you want in it?”
“I don’t - what?”
“Press. It.”
It’s a dingy, dark place, and he parks the Impala near a street light first, but then, he walks into a bar. There, he orders a whiskey, neat, two fingers, and pays cash. The man sitting at a table near the door calls out,
Dean’s making this tiny
Cas groans against his neck. “If I say yes, will you go the fuck to sleep?”
Dean nods, snuggling closer.
spring break, no, it’s Sammy’s, and Dean has no idea why he’s here. The music is loud, Sam disappeared ages ago, Dean is entirely sober and everyone here is so stupidly young.
“I’m sorry,” he mutters, and yeah, he’s not entirely sober, his veins hotter than usual. “Cas, I’m sorry I scared you.”
And thus, dear friends, we've come to the end. Our kinky-af-husbands are driving home, safe and sound, and will continue to screw in all manner of perverted ways. I hope you've enjoyed this ride, because I can tell you that from here, it's been one hell of a ride for sure. I never expected to write nearly 50 000 words in 18 days, but I did, and here it is.
“Yes. Why do you call me that?”
“It’s coming off,” Cas says, and that’s that.
He presses the button again and whimpers.
Dean nods. Right now, he’d do anything for Castiel.
“I want to spank you.”
“Yes, Daddy,” Dean manages between sobs.
“Dean?” Cas says behind him. “Dean, what’s wrong?”
, Dean mouths, miming snapping his fingers.
Oh god, how many inches could that possibly be? Cas said halfway, so maybe another book after this? Two? He can’t think, it’s so massive and he’s heaving to make up for all the oxygen Castiel stole. He can feel Castiel wipe his thumbs across Dean’s cheekbones, and when he opens his eyes again, Castiel is in front of him with that patient look, kissing away tears that Dean had forgotten were streaming down his face. He can’t stop them. He nudges his head toward Castiel, craving that contact. He’ll willingly throw himself off any cliff, if only Castiel will keep looking at him like this, warm and loving and happy.
By the time it’s over, he’s limp and shaking and exhausted, the pillow beneath him wet with tears and snot. Cas shifts him onto the bed and Dean goes like a ragdoll. He’s not finished sobbing by the time Cas is naked, crawling over him and settling on Dean’s thighs. It hurts, it hurts so bad, oh god. Cas’s hard cock rubs between Dean’s cheeks, making Cas’s weight shift on him until Dean groans from the pain.
“No, Daddy,” Dean mutters, blushing even harder. Why, oh why did Cas insist on that title?
Dean rides in the back, the controller in his hand, as he automatically presses the button on every beep. Cas isn’t letting up, is refusing to let him stop pressing it, unless he’s talking.
When Dean wrenches away and unlocks the car - and look, Guy knocked over his only drink, okay, so he’s totally fine to drink… drive! Anyway. He fumbles out his phone, and sees the text he probably should’ve noticed an hour ago, where Sam The Traitor says he found a DD and is going to another party. Dean texts back something about brothers and assholes, and he swears it’s really witty, but afterwards, he can’t remember what he said because Guy has his hand over the fly of Dean’s jeans and he’s rubbing, firm and delicious.
When Cas cock slams into his prostate he all but wails, and Cas does it again and again until his movements stutter and stall and Dean clenches around him as hard as he can, and then Cas is coming, nails digging into Dean’s shoulders as he fucks Dean through his orgasm. Cas slumps over him for a second, panting and Dean stays still, enjoying Cas weight on him, before suddenly Cas is gone and there’s a hand on Dean’s hip and then he’s rolled and his cock is in Cas throat and Jesus fuck fuck fuck -
Cas blinks owlishly at him from the floor, where he’s sitting with his laptop on the bathroom mat.
“We already said that needy little cocks and greedy asses belong to dirty boys. Maybe the dirty boy needs a Daddy?”
Dean curls around him and
“Mmh, let’s start there. What do you call me?”
“I don’t think so,” Cas says, and takes his pillow.
“Other
They eat breakfast like any other Sunday, and the tension builds inside Dean as he trails along after Cas all morning. Cas gets dressed, jeans and soft flanel, but he refuses Dean any more clothes. A few lazy hours later, Dean goes to use the downstairs bathroom, only to find the door locked.
It’s awesome, he’d like to do it again.
Dean stands, legs shaky, and steps up on the books. The purple dildo nudges his ass as he gets into position. Castiel nods, reaching up to draw a line from the eyelet bolt at the top of the frame to Dean’s wrists and the top of the ball gag harness. He can’t lean his head forward at all, can only stare at Castiel chin and face as he ties the knots. Now, Dean’s not a tiny guy by any means, and his wrists are only around his ears, but when he raises them, he notices he can move his head again, feeding rope to the line at the top of his head. Castiel pecks his nose, then wipes drool from Dean’s chin.
“No, Daddy.” he corrects himself.
“Yes, Daddy,” Dean gasps, struggling up into position again, his cock not quite as hard anymore.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I want you to hurt me,” Dean had said, lips against Cas's collarbone. “I'll safeword if it's too much, I promise, but Cas… I don't want nice. I've had nice. I don't mean you gotta be cruel all the time, but yeah, I want you to pin me down and hurt me until I cry, I want you to force be to do things, say things,” he can't help the way his cheeks redden at that. ”I hate it… But I
“The fuck we have,” Dean mutters and he knows, he
Dean, being the epitome of self-discipline, only jerked off to that thought four times.
“Bedroom. I feel like sucking your cock today.”
She laughs. “We do specialize in that, sir. Anything in particular strike your fancy?”
“Option B it is. Shame. Option A would’ve pleased me so much.” Cas’s eyes are cold. “But you always were such a fucking disappointment, weren’t you? Selfish. Not a single thought to how I’d feel.”
The first one lands on Dean’s thigh with enough force that it takes him a moment to remember to breathe, and when he does, it’s only to scream. All of them are like that, raining down on the backs and insides of his thighs.
“Yes, yes,” Dean sobs. “It does, Daddy, it’s yours, I’m yours, Daddy!”
Dean flashes his ring. “Dear reader, I married him.”
“I was thinking you’d want to hurt me,” he says. “This one looks so small, but Daddy, it hurts so bad.”
Each bite takes forever.
Cas parks in the garage, steps out, pulls the garage door down and lets Dean out of the car. He stumbles, eyes swollen, cheeks wet and breath still uneven. His soul feels raw, like it got scrubbed with steel wool, stripping away layers of filth until he cracked wide open.
The strap tears into him over and over again, hitting the same spot on the bottom of Dean’s ass over and over with the thick leather strap, while Dean writhes, screaming. Let’s himself feel it. Let’s himself react.
Cas turns his head until they’re looking at each other.
“Sir,” he says. “Sir, may I have some lube?”
“Nobody puts Baby in the corner,” he mutters to the wall in front of him.
No passage through the Suez canal,
Not a moment doth Dean pout,
“Hold it,” Cas grunts and comes, pulling out so only the tip is on Dean’s tongue.
(See the end of the chapter for
The thing is, Cas is taking this
By the time there are six circular marks on the inside of his right thigh, looking like large paw prints as they meander from knee to groin, Dean is sobbing again. His shoulders are screaming, his wrists are sore and probably bruised, his chin is covered in drool, and his balls throb with pain. Cas hums, pleased, and presses the heel of his hand against his own crotch, the first sign Dean’s seen of him being turned on at all.
“You tell me what brand of detergent to buy,” he says instead. “You tell me to get out of the candy aisle. You forbid me snack food, you check that I’m home on time, you control my orgasms, you wash my mouth out with soap because I cuss at you…”
“I love you,” he says, choked up. “I love you. I can’t stand the idea of something happening to you.”
and thus it stays a heavy weight that he can’t ignore. The slim neck and handle of the plug means it doesn’t chafe or stretch him, just sits there. All the time. Apparently, he’s to ask for permission to remove it before using the bathroom or when he gets to work. Working with it in hadn’t panned out, so now he’s pretending he needs the bathroom before clocking in every morning.
“You said chicken soup didn’t help,” Dean says, and raises his bag. “I’m making tomato rice soup.”
“Babe, a whiskey isn’t that much for me! It hadn’t even kicked in before I left!” Dean objects. “I’ve done this before, Cas, I swear I was safe to drive.”
“Good, let’s go.”
“Good morning,” Cas replies against his lips, then kisses him again. “You look good today.”
Whops.
He was startled when Castiel hand found his hair, yanking his head back to kiss him. He kissed back with everything he had, the pain and the anger, biting at Castiel's lips, straining against his bonds until Castiel released his hair, stepped back and the pain came again. Dean groaned, tensing and relaxing his shoulders between blows, then groaned as particularly hard blow to his ass forced him back up on his toes. Castiel wasn’t pulling any punches now and the pain flared hot and deep. He blinked sweat out of his eyes. Every time he let his head roll forward, the beginning of that lulling high crawling over him, there would be an interruption in pattern, force, speed, always drawing him back kicking and screaming.
“Dude!” Dean tries to jerk his hand back, but Cas has an iron grip. “I’m just horny, that’s all.”
“Good boy,” Cas says from somewhere in the distance. “One minute starts… now.”
“Oh my,” Cas says. “What should we do about that?”
And okay, maybe Dean had this idea of a light spanking, some sexy fun time, when he started this. Now however, it plain hurts. He’s crying out with every blow, the leather paddle biting into his ass, the tops of his thighs. Cas is being stupidly meticulous, covering every angle of flesh from the tops of Dean’s ass cheeks and halfway down his thighs, swapping the angle of the paddle so that the tip can bite in properly all over.
He’s asked Dean to come shirtless and smiles, watching him talking to the short brunette in a black underbust, in his bare feet and low, soft jeans. That’s how it works for them. He asks, and Dean chooses whether to follow or not. There’s an element to their relationship that’s unequal, sure, but a long-term D/s arrangement wouldn’t work for them. Perhaps mostly because as much as Castiel identifies himself in terms of dominant, but not a sadist, Dean identifies as a masochist, but not a submissive. What they do, despite their discrepancies, is meet and match in that grey area in between labels.
“No,” Dean mutters, tightening his grip. “T’morrow.”
“You! And he!” Dean is seething.
“Thanks.”
Dean comes. Sudden, hot and helpless, all over Cas’s fist. He shudders through it, gasping.
Dean draws giant, trembling breaths, and nods.
“Dude, now?” Dean groans, because he had an awesome thing going here that included his dick against Cas’s dick, and now there’s a delay.
Cas’s voice is so even, while Dean can hardly breathe. It’s unfair.
Dean shakes himself out of his stupor, stripping quickly and stepping in between Cas’s legs. The hand on his balls makes him jerk, but Cas only closes his fist tight around them, a proprietary squeeze that makes Dean swallow with a click.
“Exactly,” Cas says, then pulls back.
Drop: Cas drops, and he drops hard.
“Come on,” Cas says and walks out.
He’s shaking so bad now, he can’t see through his tears, but obediently he presses the button again and groans in pain. By the time he’s wiped his eyes enough to see, all he sees is Cas with the palm of his hand pressed over his cock. It makes Dean sag in his seat, the fight nearly running out of him. Nearly.
he’s being ridiculous but he can’t stop himself.
“How’d I get so lucky,” he asks, once they’ve calmed down.
He drinks. “A week ago.”
More sweat runs along Dean’s back. More hits fall. Dean groans and grunts and draws noisy breaths. He watches carefully as Dean’s shoulders gather back tension that’d he’d already let go. Dean’s eyes, when Cas kisses him again, are slightly glassy, and his lips are trembling. Cas’ fingers itch to run down Dean’s back, but he doesn’t. Instead, he goes back to the heavy flogger. Let’s it follow the red lines from the narrower whip, throws his arm back and follows the movement of the flogger to land punching hits. This time, when Dean goes up on his toes from the blows, Castiel doesn’t stop. He counts instead. One, two, three…
Cas doesn’t even answer as he aims. The belt tears into Dean’s sit spots, crossing where the wood paddle must have bruised him, then moves down. He thrashes and kicks, screaming into his pillow. He’s fighting now, fighting to keep away from the belt, unable to stop the pain. Eventually, he runs out of steam, sobbing into his pillow.
“Now, let’s make sure you won’t be going anywhere,” Cas says.
Dean nods hard, eyes still on the floor. “Yes, Daddy.”
-bad, not
They’re supposed to never, ever see each other again.
“My jacket,” Dean says, eyes to the floor. “I was so warm, I just needed to get it off. I’ll hang it by the door.”
Then he nearly bites his tongue as pain erupts from between his legs at the same moment as Cas swallows his cock whole. His knees try buckle, his teeth clenched together as he arches, away from the pain and into the hot wet of Cas’s mouth. The pain recedes as Cas keeps sucking him, tight and tortuously slow, exactly the way that never fails to make Dean’s thighs tremble. By the time Cas pulls off with a soft
Shame burning through him, Dean nods. Cas could. Anywhere, anytime, Dean would welcome him, stare at strangers walking past as Cas uses him like he’s supposed to.
“Fuck you, let me up.”
“More?” Castiel asks. It’s not really a question.
At first, Cas does nothing, and Dean tracks him as Cas tidies up the kitchen, moves some of the chairs from the breakfast nook away. He whimpers when Cas makes sure to pull all the blinds and curtains away from the kitchen windows, letting in the sunlight from the backyard. They don’t live far outside of town, but far enough that their neighbours aren’t within shouting distance. Knowing that doesn’t help the fear in Dean’s stomach. The sunshine makes him feel like at any point, someone could walk by and see him gagged and cuffed, sitting like an overgrown toddler on a counter.
“I always wanna cuddle you!” Cas looks frustrated.
“I want,” Dean says, breath hitching, “I just want to be
Dean whimpers.
The words make it out of Dean’s mouth before he even has time to think of saying them. It’s like he goes zero to sixty in two seconds flat; from contentment to pain to rage. He’s not going to give Cas shit, and it doesn’t matter if Cas tries to interrogate him about it. This contract is stupid, Crowley is stupid, why would he give Cas more ammo?
“Soon,” Cas promises, going back to mouth at Dean’s neck, then lower and lower and that fucking tongue in Dean’s navel that makes his blood light on fire and those large hands on his hips and, oh God. Cas presses his face onto Dean’s cock through his boxers. It’s almost enough, but it’s not nearly enough at the same times and Dean feels so helpless. Cas is breathing hot air against his cock, nudging and touching through the cotton, mouthing against Dean’s balls and Dean wants to look, wants to see, but craning his neck and watching makes his blood boil so hard he has to slump down and close his eyes again.
“Okay. Okay, it’s okay. Take your time, babe.”
“So it didn’t change, and you did it anyway,” Cas muses, and releases his grip just enough for Dean to sink back onto his heels, gasping. “Let me tell you what that tells me. That tells me I have a naughty boy, a boy who’s forgotten who’s in charge around here. That tells me I have a boy who knows the rules, and decided to go against them anyway. Do you know what I do with naughty, rebellious boys, Dean?”
Cas’s other hand grabs his balls and squeezes until Dean squeals and trembles, then fondle his soft cock for a minute, before Cas taps his back. Dean sinks down onto the bed, and keens when Cas settles across his thighs. He hears the cap of the lube bottle again, then cold lube drips against his hole, before Cas presses his cock against it.
“Yes, sir,” Dean whispers. “I’m sorry I can’t control it, sir.”
“Come on,” Cas taunts him, foot poking Dean's ribs. “All of it.”
Cas sinks his mouth down over Dean and groans, as though this is the best treat he’s had in forever, as though he’s missed this. Dean’s brain shorts out entirely, the sensation overwhelming after so long without it.
He’s trembling as Cas spreads his legs and lays down between them. The first touch is a shock to Dean’s entire system and he pants as he stares at where Cas has licked a stripe up Dean’s cock.
“Please, sir, please,” Dean begs. “I can get off really quickly and then we can sleep, I swear!”
“Daddy,” Dean pleads.
Dean whines in shame.
Dean traces his hands down, feathers over his nipples, and nods.
One of Cas’s feet prod between Dean’s legs and find his hard cock.
“Yes, Daddy,” Dean manages, then screams as the paddle comes down.
Dean groans. Goddamnit, the man is obnoxious and vile, and Dean hates his guts. Fine. Whatever. One session, right?
“I want you to hurt me,” he admits, hoarse. “I want you to hurt me and fuck me, I want to be bruised and used.”
He gives in to it.
“You take care of that,” Cas says, nodding down towards where Dean’s cock hasn’t softened in the slightest. “I’ll watch.”
“Listen!” Dean barks. “It don’t work like that. I’m a contractor, a builder, Cas. I report this to my boss, and it’s gonna be me outta job soon as he can let me go. I go to the police? He’s gonna fire me so quick. Easier to fire the cocksucker than to make fifty guys think it’s alright to take it up the ass. I know how the world’s supposed to work, I know what I oughtta do, but that ain’t gonna help now, is it?”
When the fingers disappear, he regrets asking, if only for little while, listening to a condom packet being opened and the click of the lube cap and then Cas is pushing his legs together, kneeling over his hips, his thick cock sliding between. Cas pushes in slowly, gently rocking back and forth as he goes deeper, and that hot feeling crawls over Dean’s skin again when he feels the stretch. He wants to arch up, to fuck himself back on Cas, but he’s pinned below Cas’ hips and that probably shouldn’t feel as good as it does. He puts his forehead against his arms and whimpers loudly when Cas leans down and kisses his neck.
Dean’s about to say
He totally still wins at Mario Kart, even if he’s laying between Cas’s knees. By his own choice, mind, because Cas hasn’t forbidden him any furniture and Dean’s too old to keep this up, but for now, he’s revelling in the chance to be beneath Cas. On his stomach and three pillows propping him up, because holy crap,
He flushes and oh, that makes his cock hurt with arousal. Cas is just casually there behind him, touching himself with those long fingers, and Dean tries to uselessly bounce on the enormous thing inside him. He doesn’t get very far, he’s halfway up on his toes already, but he rises that last bit up, and sinks down again, over and over and over. The air fills with his gasps and snivelling, his tears are tickling his neck as they spill down his cheeks and dry on his collarbones. His jaw aches, and drool runs across his chin. His legs tremble, all of him trembles, but Castiel said he wanted Dean to be good, and Dean will be good for Castiel, he will, he
Dean whimpers in shame at that, shaking his head.
“Perhaps you should go in the corner and do so, then. I want to know what you were thinking, feeling, why you chose it.” Cas leans close, breath ghosting over Dean’s face. “If I’m going to own you, I’m going to own every single inch of you, from your first waking moment to when, where and how you close your eyes at night. That includes every thought and feeling you have in between then.”
Beware: Consensual non-consent is a thing. This chapter has a lot of it.
It’s weird to be wearing panties in broad daylight, outside, watching the world go by. Nobody can see them, yet Dean feels so vulnerable, vaguely embarrassed. Cas’s hand is a comfort, tethering him to reality lest he float away entirely.
Cas doesn’t react.
Dean shivers under the weight of it, and Cas kisses his forehead.
“Yes, Daddy,” is all Dean can say.
“Alright, alright. Stay there, sweetheart. You’re doing so good for me.”
It’s hot out, but the only thing he can think about is how he’s face down, ass up, in the middle of their yard. The breeze strokes between his asscheeks, and he shivers, cheeks burning. Oh god, what if someone is out flying a drone or something? Or stops by the house? What if they see him, naked and open for whatever Cas is going to do to him.
Face down and ass up, Cas has been licking at him for what must be an hour now, teasing and taunting him. He begs. He’s been begging for a while now.
“That’s why you have me, isn’t it?”
He coughs and gags, draws a desperate breath, and then he’s forced down again. Cas fucks his mouth, moves Dean’s head as though he’s a toy, and Dean fights to stay conscious, feeling the the tension gathering in Cas’s thighs. If he’s just good a little bit longer, Cas will come, he thinks deliriously, manages to gather another half-breath and drives himself as far down on Cas’s cock as he can. The weight at the back of his throat is delicious, too much and not enough, and he swallows around Cas repeatedly. Cas stiffens and then he’s coming, fingers pulling hard at Dean’s hair as he shudders through his release.
Dean stares at him.
It’s an accident, really.
“One,” Cas says. “Up.”
It’s as though he’s just waiting to break, wanting to shatter into a million tiny pieces so he can be put together again, cleansed and refreshed. He expects a tension to grow between them as they near the weekend, but there’s only this lump in his throat that grows bigger by the day.
“Dude, no, why do you even watch that?” Dean flicks it on anyway.
“Yeah, good idea. Maybe I will. Fuck you, Cas.”
The spanking he gets from that is as solid as it’s reassuring.
“No, no. I’m go good now,” Dean says, snuggling his pillow. “All good.”
“How are things with your parents?”
“You’re not even hard,” Cas notes, glancing down. “Why would I let you?”
“That’s what you said last time too, and look how that worked out.”
“Show me,” Cas says roughly, still panting.
Fingers smooth over his shoulders, Castiel’s arm coming to hold him under his chest, and the rope to his arms is released, lowering them to his back. He groans, shoulders on fire and knees weak, but Castiel draws him close, pulls him up so Dean can lean his head against Castiel’s shoulder and he lets Castiel guide him back onto a pile of books. Up, and up, until the dildo slides out of him with a squelching sound and he’s left empty and open and drained. He’s not entirely aware of being gentled down on the bed, but it’s soft and cool against his clammy skin. He reaches for Castiel as soon as he’s horizontal, but Castiel is elsewhere, too far away, and he whines.
Then his finger is rubbing hard across Dean’s hole and Dean has to force himself not to just shove back on it. He loves Castiel’s hands, with their long, thick fingers. He keens behind the ball, which has become damp against his lower lip, only minutes away from beading drool across his chin. A fingertip enters him, rubbing in more lube, before withdrawing only to be replaced with a thumb, pushing lube against his opening with a squelching sound. Castiel does that a few times, squirting more lube straight onto Dean’s hole, and then pushing it in with his thumb, cold and slick inside him. The thumb becomes a finger, and then two, scissoring and stretching him, pushing in more cold lube and teasingly brushing across his prostate. Dean pants through his nose, cock rigid against his stomach. Castiel wedges in a third finger and yet more lube. It’s slick all the way to the back of Dean’s balls, where Castiel’s little finger presses mercilessly against his taint and Dean can’t help rocking back and forth. The embers in his stomach burn hot, glowing and pulsing in time to Castiel’s movements. He inches his legs wider apart, tilting his hips up as far as he possibly can.
“You can say it or you can scream it. It’s up to you. We’re having this conversation anyway.”
-otiatie, crap, Cas, please.”
Of course it isn’t that easy. Grumpily, Dean pulls the tighter boxers up his legs, then his sweatpants. The cage stays on. So does the small plug up his ass. He clenches around it, but it’s
He opens his mouth, but no sound comes out.
Cas strokes a hand over Dean’s cheek, down over his throat, a thumb casually pressing into Dean’s windpipe.
“I’m okay,” Dean says through numb lips.
Working with the cage on is definitely a whole new world. The site they’re contracted to is going to become an office high-rise and there are dozens of dozens of other workers milling about. It’s busy, to say the least. Twice, Dean freaks out and thinks someone knows what’s going on in his pants. Twice, he has to run to the bathroom to discreetly check in the mirror. It doesn’t show. Going into the stalls to have a piss is strange.
. Castiel huffs a laugh.
“I do not like it, and I will not like it.”
Cas keeps going with the questions.
Cas’s eyes are dark with lust and Dean tries losing himself in them.
For information about these tags, see end notes.
Dean moves to the middle of the floor, and bends over, hands on his ankles. Cas does love all stress positions, loves seeing Dean fight to stay still, to not fall.
He does, quickly rubbing off the water and finishing by wiping away the come, the terry cloth rough against his still hard cock.
Well.
Dean snaps his mouth closed and then closes his eyes too, because Cas reaches out and smears his come all over Dean’s face, rubs it in, then grabs Dean’s neck and drags him kneewalking over to the corner of the bedroom.
Five minutes later he’s in Cas’s arms, back to Cas’s chest, as Cas grips the rope collar in one hand, letting him fuck into the other. The plug is solid inside him as Dean sobs through the most unsatisfying ruined orgasm he’s ever experienced, his come dripping down over the page even as the pleasure fades in the distance.
Cas wants him. He’s put up every ounce of fight he could find and Cas still wants him. Cas can still be bothered to knock him down, put him in his place, enforce the rules and force him to do whatever Cas wants.
Dean thinks,
“Please, please, please,” Dean begs, tears and snot running down his face and onto Cas’s hand. “Punish me, please, Daddy, I can’t--” He heaves in air, his entire body shaking as he sobs.
Cas comes inside him and Dean cries because he’s so happy he made Daddy feel good. When Daddy pulls the bag over his head and chains him to the end of the bed, it’s good. It’s better than good. It’s safe and amazing and perfect.
Cas blanches. “I failed you!”
Dean pushes the shirt off of Cas, and when he finds an undershirt he slumps back, pressing his head back into the mattress and drawing deep breaths. Cas hands slow down, smoothing over Dean’s stomach. They’re big and dry and warm and Dean closes his eyes. There’s a soft kiss on his forehead and he makes a small sound in the back of his throat. Cas is so gentle now, kneeling over one of Dean’s thighs.
and Cas answers,
Right ass cheek, just as hard, and Dean wants to hurl himself from his own body.
Desperation play: Dean needs to piss.
“It took me thirty minutes to figure out it wasn’t a metaphor,” Cas admits.
“Tell me why you deserve it.”
To say Dean’s hard now, would be an understatement. He’s hard like diamond, his boxers sticking uncomfortably against the tip of his cock where precome must have leaked onto the material.
“Aren’t you?” Cas’s face is entirely neutral. “Isn’t that what started this?”
Dean swallows nervously and nods again. “Yeah,” he manages.
“Thank you, Daddy,” Dean says. “Thank you. Thank you.”
Cas’s fingers slip in, and then Cas is fucking them in and out, cruelly twisting and hooking them against Dean’s prostate, even as the spoon marks the most sensitive areas of Dean’s thighs. Dean kicks his feet where they’re bent up near Cas’s shoulders, wriggles his hips trying to get away.
They meet on a Thursday, which is ironic for many reasons, but probably most of all because it’s 2 am on Thursday morning in a shitty bar during spring break. It’s not even
Cas has turned towards him, jaw clenched. “When you’re married. Will you still show up here every two weeks? Because I can tell you, I can’t do that.”
Nope.
“I’m so sorry, Daddy,” Dean sobs into his shoulder. “I’m so sorry, I won’t ever do it again, I swear, I swear.”
Cas is biting his way down Dean’s chest when he stops to ask, “Would oral sex be agreeable?”
Dean blinks up at him. “Uhm… I dunno?”
, there are safety measures in place that Dean chooses to ignore the existence of (until he needs them). Everyone is a capable, consenting adult, but we're apparently edging into the territory of "What can a person consent to?", and that m'dears, is entirely for you to decide. Heed your comfort levels, please. The
The sigh Cas heaves as he tears himself away makes Dean grin. Yeah. A cuddly Cas is a good Cas. He bets Cas is going to sleep all across him too, plastering himself onto Dean until their skin sticks together and Dean wakes up feeling like he’s being crushed under Cas’s weight. It’s pretty damn awesome.
Six months later, a house at the edge of town goes on sale.
and Good Lord, he's only so strong
“Mercy,” he forces out. “Daddy, Daddy, please, stop. Mercy.”
“How far did you get before I caught you?” Cas muses. “Fifteen feet? Let’s go with that.”
Cas grabs the base of his cock and squeezes and Dean’s eyes fly open, nostrils flaring as he sucks in more air and tries to understand what’s going on. Cas grinds the heel of his hand into Dean’s bladder, and Dean tenses, thinking he’s going to piss himself even as his cock throbs with how close to coming he is.
His cock throbs and his jeans are absolutely killing him, but he stays still, feeling Cas mouth along his jaw, nibble carefully at his ear, kissing his neck and biting small, light bites along it. Cas’ hands move lower, thumbs petting over Dean’s nipples, and that’s when he notices he’s panting. Small, tiny, breaths, aborted whimpers. He arches up slightly to meet Cas fingers, and feels him smiling against his neck. The movement makes Cas shift, and Dean shifts and there’s a thigh just barely pressing against his cock. That makes him actually whimper and he has to stop himself from bucking up like a teenager.
Dean scoots backwards up on the counter, nerves making him swallows against his dry mouth.
, and as such he can tolerate a lot from Dean, but this? Outright contempt? No. Dean can safeword out if this isn’t going to plan.
Dean stares at him, then looks over at Cas. Cas’s eyes are wide, head tilted.
“I’ll let you get those sticky, dirty boxers off, if you lick them clean.”
Cas’s thumb digs into his ass cheek and Dean whines, high and pitiful, as Cas seeks out his sit bones on each side. Dean shakes his head against the floor, muttering
“So it’s not your needy cock that’s leaking all over your stomach, even though you’ve got dirty underwear in your mouth? I think you can take those out now, did you get them clean?”
“Good morning,” Dean says.
fuck hole?”
Desperately, Dean looks from the icy to the hot sauce and back again, before finally nodding towards the ice.
“More, move,” Dean urges, “Please, please, please.”
Dean shivers at the memory of their honeymoon. That's by far the hottest thing he’s ever been through, and he’s spent more than one night telling Cas about how it felt. Telling him everything in detail until Dean’s desperate and horny, rock hard and leaking. Once, Cas let him come by humping his leg again, just like at the cabin, and Dean had come so hard he couldn’t breathe. A few times, Cas has rolled over and left him like that, cock throbbing against his stomach. That had been worse. Better. Staring into the dark and at his sleeping husband, frustrated and body on fire.
Cas’s eyes open, and he frowns a little, before something seems to click for him.
The hand grabbing his balls makes him shriek in pain.
That obviously doesn’t stop him from purposefully stepping on Cas’s foot instead of talking.
As you were.
“I think there’s a bodypart you haven’t mentioned yet,” Cas notes.
Dean gives a few thrusts, then stops, whining, looking around.
He gets his belt open, gets his pants and boxers down to his knees, wriggles against the floor as Cas kicks him in the ribs, hard enough to make Dean curl up. The foot comes down on his back, presses him down flat against the cold floor.
Until next time
Dean nods. His mind is small and soft and fuzzy, and words seem a bit beyond him. He stands still as Cas slathers him with sunscreen, which is good, because Dean had entirely forgotten. They go outside, where Cas has him weed and trim and do garden things until there’s soil on Dean’s legs and beneath his nails, and the sun lowers to a warm, late afternoon glow.
Cas squeezes his knees around Dean’s waist.
“D--D--Daddy,” he blubs. “Daddy please, please, please fuck my greedy fuck hole, please, please use me, please make me your good fuck toy, please, Daddy, please fuck me like a bitch in heat, I want you, I need it, I’m so empty, Daddy, please.”
“Here’s what’s going to happen,” Cas’s voice is dark with promise now. “You’re going to talk to me, or you’re going to safeword and then talk to me. You’re going to lay out all of your limits, wants and thoughts. You’re going to tell me exactly why you backed yourself into this corner. Every time you hear that beep, unless you’re talking, you’re going to press that button.”
Then he hears it again.
“I punish them,” Cas confirms. “Because what they need is clearly a reminder of just who’s boss.”
“I’mma space out for a bit,” Dean mumbles. “Can’t stop it.”
He made Cas cry.
Cas ignores him.
The letters on his other thigh scream at him.
“Let me see you,” he says and stands up.
“Daddy, Daddy, Daddy, please,” he keens as he arches back. “More, gimmie more.”
“Entirely unimportant,” Cas says, and pushes in another finger. “It’s mine to play with when I want, if I want, but until I do, it doesn’t matter, does it?”
“Good? Bad?”
Dean crawls. It’s slow, because his limbs feel like lead, but he crawls all the way up the stairs, carpet burning at his knees. He makes it to the foot of their bed and collapses there, shaking. The hand in his hair, dragging him up on the bed, makes him moan with gratitude.
“Very,” Cas says, flips him over and fucks him.
-bad.”
“No,” Dean says.
“Stay here, just like this.”
Cas’s hand closes mercilessly around his limp cock and balls, the way the ballweight pushes them up making it much easier to grab them. This time Dean shrieks as Cas squeezes, kicking at Cas and fighting the hand on his neck.
Cas waits for him to reply, and Dean stares intently at where he can see Cas’s shoes. His cheeks flame, blush spreading down his chest even as his cock slowly thickens.
“How do I know when I go too far? What if I restrict you too much?” Cas’s face pales. “What if I kill all the things I love about you? What if soon, you’re but a shadow of what you are today?”
“Pick one,” Cas says menacingly in his ear. “Or I’ll pick both and make up something far, far worse, if you run again.”
“Yes, I meant it,” Cas mutters. “Now shut up.”
“It is,” Dean sobs. “I am.”
Zapp.
Then Cas pushes him away and for a second Dean thinks that’s it, but then Cas’ hand is in his and they’re walking to the bedroom. Except Cas’ bedroom is upstairs and there’s a wall next to the staircase that’s apparently too tempting to Cas, because he’s shoving Dean back against it, pushing his shoulders and kissing like a madman, while his hands loop in Dean’s belt hoops, pulling his hips out, sliding back and squeezing Dean’s ass. Dean’s hips roll forward and Cas’ roll down and there’s
True to his promise, Cas doesn’t go slow, he doesn’t go nice. He forces his way in, making Dean scream against the bed, fingers scrabbling uselessly as he fights to not move, not flinch. As soon as Cas is in, he’s pounding in, hips smacking hard against Dean’s bruised ass. It takes no time at all before Dean’s sobbing, heaving against the sheets, Cas’s hand on his neck pressing him down as he fucks him ruthlessly.
“Getting off on this, are you?” Cas says. “Don’t worry, I’ll take care of that.”
Zapp.
Dean watches from below his lashes as Cas sets his bag aside, drops his keys and wallet, and strips out of his coat. Cas walks over to him and Dean shivers at the feeling of it.
He turns his head towards Cas, knows he’s blushed so hard he must be red all the way down onto his chest, but all he can think of are the slick fingers rubbing small, maddening circles against his hole. He’s gentle, and it feels almost like he’s getting rimmed, small kitten licks tap-tap-taping, circling.
There’s silence for a while.
He looks ill, pale and face swollen from crying, one eye nearly glued shut where it’s gone purple. His head hurts. He looks at the ring again, then snaps the box shut, shoves it back behind the hairspray and turns the tap on. He washes his face quickly, ignores his sore ass, and downs some water and Advil.
“Wow, why don’t you tell me how you really feel,” Dean mutters.
“What if someone could see you now, boy?” Cas says. “They could all see how desperate you are. Have you seen your cock? Look at it.”
“You can,” he says in a small voice. “If you want to.”
Dean’s standing before he knows it, fists clenched at his sides. Cas stands too, slowly, staring so intensely at Dean he doesn’t really know what he was about to say.
The cool air against his hard on is a shock. He whimpers slightly as his cock straightens out, finally free of it’s confines, as he brings the soiled boxers into his hand and up towards his face. He stares pleadingly at Cas, but Cas doesn’t stop him as he turns the sticky wet spot out and puts it on his tongue. It’s bitter and salty. He must look like an idiot with the front of his boxers shoved into his mouth with a leaking cock laying against his stomach.
“I love you,” Dean says, and presses in closer.
make me feel amazing.”
“Okay,” Cas says, kissing his cheek. “Good boy, you’ve been so good for me. Show me how good you can be, sweetheart. Show the world how much you love your panties. There you go. Does that feel good?”
“Excellent,” said a dark voice into his ear and Dean suppressed a shudder.
“Oh uh, I came in a little while ago.” Cas shrugs awkwardly. “I was googling and I wanted to talk to you.”
Dean huffs. “I want cuddles,” he says, a slight blush on his cheeks, “but I gotta know you’re cuddling me cause you wanna.”
“No.” Yeah, see, that’s the
His mouth goes dry, the sandwich turned lead in his stomach.
“Crawl.” Cas says like a lighthouse from the sea. “Upstairs.”
Dean nods miserably, and sits down on his ass, legs crossed. Then he pauses.
“Dean,” Cas warns. “I’m doing you a favour and letting you get off tonight. You promised you’d do it anyway I wanted. That spanking is still an option.”
“It would be better if we had the contract negotiated and the limits defined,” Cas tries to explain. “And… and I’m terrified of hurting him again.”
He closes his eyes and floats, riding the waves of emotions that well up inside him. Distantly, he’s aware of Castiel moving around and the bed jostling him, but he doesn’t much care, content to just lie there and breathe.
Weakly, he rearranges himself, pressing his cheek against the dry-hot grass, ass in the air.
“Good,” Cas says. “Now, go to the bedroom.”
“Take your time,” Cas says. “I know your hole is really greedy, I know you can’t help yourself. I’ll help you pace yourself, it’s okay now.”
“Well, if you like,” Crowley says, “but underneath that you should perhaps add your expectations, requirements and limits.”
He stays there until his nose is clogged and his shoulders hurt, fingers cramp and his knees scream in pain. Then he crawls back to Cas, pathetically wiping his cheeks as he goes.
As soon as Cas has hung up the phone, Dean’s tears run hot and salty along his nose and into the grass.
Cas huffs. “High as a kite?”
“I’d rather not go into it.”
His fingers curl into Dean’s hair, yanking his head back hard.
Watersports: Dean pisses.
“Yes, Daddy,” Dean says, snivelling. “I’m so sorry, Daddy, you must have been so worried.”
“Don’t ever make me do this to you again,” Cas whispers. “I love you. I don’t want to hurt you.” Dean snorts, and Cas amends, “Not more than you want to be hurt. Speaking of...”
“But what kind of discipline?” Cas asks, and his finger rubs over Dean’s prostate so perfectly that Dean’s knees threaten to buckle.
Suddenly, Cas is holding him close and Dean’s crying into his chest.
“I’m sure you will.”
“Shh. Don’t let me interrupt,” Cas says, and dammit, that’s the eyebrow. “Carry on, Dean.”
“I thought,” he says. “I heard your mom, she was talking about you having a family. About Anael.” His voice breaks as the burning in his eyes becomes tears. Cas stares at him. “When she called, I thought,
“... and that’s why we’re here,” Cas says. “We want this to work.”
“I-, I-” Dean chokes out, then sees Cas’s eyes narrow. “Yes, Daddy.”
Dean can’t stop whimpering, pressing back at the fingers on his hole, then shoving the other hand deeper into his mouth. It’s like he’s fucking himself on both ends, speared on the bed while Cas is cool as a cucumber, watching this writhing, desperate mess that Dean’s become.
Dean nods, mouth dry all of a sudden.
Some time later, the plug gets removed and Cas uses his hole again, leaving Dean locked up and bagged while he does. A smaller plug replaces the first, but that’s all right. It must be night time, because it’s dark even inside the bag. He wakes up once during the night, because Cas swings his legs over Dean’s chest, rubbing his cock over the coarse material of the bag until he comes all over it. Come soaks into it and Dean tries to suckle at the material but it doesn’t quite work. He falls asleep again, the scent of Cas all around him.
“It needs to learn,” Dean whispers, eyes scrunched tight as he vibrates with need, with shame.
Cas nods, elbows on his knees as he studies Dean’s face. He looks away again, Cas’s gaze too much to bear.
For a long while, as Cas softens and eventually slips out of him, Dean sobs. Cas manhandles him into sitting sideways on his lap, holding him, and Dean stays there, limp and ass throbbing, come leaking out of him.
He stares at Cas, letting the tears fall, wanting him to see all of it, stare straight into his soul.
He goes into the bathroom and undresses quickly. He’d never assumed he’d be like this, that they’d be like this. Neither had Cas, for that matter. Dean’s the loud one, laughing openly and filling Castiel’s life with movement and madness, but Castiel makes him stop. Like this, like now. He’d known they’d play today, Castiel said as much this morning. Cas starts a little later on Wednesday mornings, and Dean tends to do the same whenever work permits, staying late on Mondays instead. Most of the time, on Tuesdays after work, Dean’s just like this. Quiet. Pliant. Obedient. It still rattles him and chafes somewhere inside from time to time, but not today. As he showers and prepares per Castiel’s earlier instructions, he’s not nervous at all.
“Daddy,” Dean sobs. “I -- please! I’m sorry!”
“How can you be so sure?”
“Tell me,” Cas says, eventually.
It doesn’t take long at all before Dean’s crying, tears silently streaming down his cheeks.
“Then why are you dressed?” Cas's hand digs in as Dean swallows. “Did I say you could wear clothes today?”
Friday is as warm and humid as late June in Kansas gets. Dean comes home, strips all his high visibility gear in the mud room like a good boy, chugs two glasses of water and takes the coldest shower of his life. He’s in underwear in the kitchen when Cas comes home, and having warm arms wrap around him almost makes up for the vegetables he’s prepping.
“Must not want it very much if you aren’t begging. I should leave you like this.”
“I thought so.”
He flushes at that, what must be a dark ugly shade across his cheeks. His hips thrust up on their own, the front of his jeans so tight, pressing into his cock awkwardly.
“No, I did not. I got home to find dirty clothes all over our floors, but I thought maybe you’d had a really bad day, maybe you needed to get them off real fast for some reason. So I came to find you, didn’t I?”
“Anyway,” Anael says. “I just wanted to give you an update. How are things with Dean?”
Even at his lowest, Cas gathers him close and guides him through it.
The answers to those are
He cannot do two weeks.
Ugh. Stupid brain.
“Yes, yes,” Dean pants out and the grip releases.
The shower is awesome, because Cas is awesome and insisted they get the house with the fantastic water pressure. Dean hums to himself as he lathers up his hair, ghosts hands over his chest and--
“In here,” Cas replies from the living room. “Did she kick you out again?”
Dean’s eyes water yet again and he tries shaking his head, because he’s not allowed to object.
“What’s going on?” Cas mutters, pulling his blanket up over his shoulder.
There’s some more chatter, but Dean doesn’t listen. He lets the smell of grass and dirt mix with Cas’s weight until it all consumes him. Cas really,
Shit, that’s not where he was going to start.
“Too bad you weren’t a good boy then,” Cas says. “You already came. So I decided you’d much rather be milked, wouldn’t you?”
“Is that working for you?” Crowley asks him.
Cas blinks far too innocently. “We haven’t agreed on what I can and cannot do in bed. I need to check in frequently. I thought it would be good to be clear about what I’m asking for.”
“Baby,” Cas says, dragging a hand up to Dean’s cheek. “Did you sleep at all?”
How long they sit there he can’t say. His ass has long since gone numb, his left leg is pure agony from Cas’s weight and he doesn’t care. Cas’s shaking subsides slowly, but his hands have curled, gripping Dean’s naked skin tight.
Except... One night turns into a booty call turns into 3am pancakes at that one diner with the weird smelling waitress.
Cas obviously doesn’t care, as he guides Dean down on the slick plug, conveniently spreading his legs over the corner. The plug presses relentlessly against Dean’s bladder and he whimpers and wriggles. His feet can’t reach the floor like this and all he can accomplish are small circles with his hips. That just makes it rub against his bladder and prostate, which hurts in dull throbs.
Obviously, life doesn’t work out like in the movies (or the kinky books Dean definitely doesn’t read). First of all, it’s a Tuesday, so prolonged scenes aren’t happening until later. Second of all, they’re both exhausted and wrung out. Cas does keep him naked when they’re home, relegating both Dean’s pillow and dinner plate to the floor, but not much changes apart from that. Dean goes with it, because he’s tired, so very, very tired, and he’s tired of fighting, of hurting.
“Good,” Castiel says, stepping back. “Foot of the bed, face the bed, and then down.”
Dean pants miserably as he watches Cas spell out DESPERATE along his stomach, right above his cock, drawing an arrow to point down at it. Then the hand is around Dean’s cock and he closes his eyes, whining. It goes on forever, moving from too much to not enough, from Dean trying to twitch away from Cas’s hand, to fucking himself into it, then pressing himself back onto the plug.
All in all, it’s a good day.
“You do that,” Cas replies, watching him intently.
Castiel fingers against his back seemed so cold compared to his skin and he shivered, but said nothing, taking a new grip on the restraints. They weren’t done. He knew that. He still wasn’t prepared for the next blow. Castiel must have changed floggers, because this cut deeper. He knew, realistically, that his skin wasn’t tearing, but it might as well be for what good that knowledge did. Castiel, bless him, didn’t hit less hard. Dean took another long breath, letting it out slowly, and then that bite hit the bottom of his arse and he rocked up on his toes, groaning deeply. He couldn’t do jack shit about this. Nothing would stop Castiel now, except safewording, and fuck if Dean would safeword.
I tried, Darmys. Cas had other ideas.
Fear curls in his stomach, goosebumps on his body, breath shallow. He can’t look up. This is what they do. If Dean breaks a rule, Cas punishes him. Cas has never refused to punish him before.
Cas glares.
“Wow, Cas,” he says bitterly. “Tell it like it really is.”
Maybe it would have been better for Cas to actually fuck him, but no. He thrusts against Dean’s ass, rubbing his cock up and down between Dean’s cheeks which must be beyond red by now. Then Cas forces his cock between Dean’s thighs with only sweat slicking his way, fucking directly onto the freshly forming bruises, his entire weight over Dean’s hips and thighs.
“Couch,” Cas decides, then spins on his heel and walks out.
They get engaged on the 18th of September - a Tuesday, not a Thursday, but Dean figures it’s close enough.
Dean stares dumbly at it, while Cas is digging something out of his discarded clothes.
“Beat him,” Cas answers at once.
. Clear?”
Cas grins and holds up the controller. “Let’s go make some lunch.”
“-- I haven’t called,” Anael says, “but things have been great actually.”
They spend a normal night at home, folding laundry together and arguing over if they should watch
It doesn’t work very well, turns out water isn’t breathable. He glares at Cas as he coughs, noting the twinkle in Cas’s eye.
“Is that why you’ve been grinding the bed like a bitch in heat?” Cas’s tone is mild, soft.
“Poor baby, that must be really uncomfortable.”
He watches mutely as Cas sweeps up the mess and wipes off the tea. Cas never stops crying, wiping away tears with the back of his hand as he works. When Cas steps up to him after, Dean’s hands reach automatically for him, clinging to the sides of Cas’s shirt. Gentle hands, still trembling, cup Dean’s jaw and Cas’s thumbs stroke over his cheekbones.
There’s no skin left on his body, he’s all wrenched open and raw, and that’s when Cas hauls him around, presses his face straight into the pool of cold and warm come that he’s spilled on the bed.
Dean relaxes back against him and gets a kiss on the ear for it.
Cas nods. “We will.”
Stiffly, slowly, Dean crawls over to him, unable to look up from the floor as guilt rages in his chest. He settles on his knees by Cas’s feet.
Cas frowns. “I’m often wrong.”
“Dude, you’re so bad at that. How about you metaphor us plates and cutlery?”
D E S P E R A T E
“Because Daddy should always be able to get a hold of me, and I should always be able to call Daddy,” Dean says, and now there’s real tears in his eyes. “If I’m not going to be home on time, I should tell Daddy.”
“Shoo!” He says, but he means
“Good,” Cas says. “Ready to talk?”
Then he’s behind Dean, pushing in, all but mounting him, his cock big and hot and filling Dean up in the best and worst of ways. The thrusts smear the come on Dean’s face, mixing with his snot and tears. Cas pins his hands behind his back, his other hand on Dean’s head, rubbing his face against the sheets.
“Dean,” Cas breathes a moment later. “Fuck, Dean.”
“Is this a limit for you?” Cas asks, calm and gentle.
Dean nods slowly.
“I think about you hurting me,” he whispers. “I think about you threatening to pull my teeth out so I can suck cock better, or beating me because you like my screams, or slapping my face until I cry just ‘cause you like me sobbing around your dick. I think about you putting a shock collar on my neck and hurting me until I scream and then just let it shock me over and over until I go mute. I think about looking up at you while you choke me until I pass out, and then waking up to you fucking me, only for you to choke me out again because you want me limp.”
Dean backs off.
It takes a full minute to manage to sit up and spread his legs for Cas. He’s trembling all over.
He tells Cas all of it in a breathless voice as his fingers press and rub against his asshole.
gesture with his hand.
“My ass,” Dean says at once, “maybe after a spanking. You’d pop it all over, covering every inch of it until I was crying, then you’d head down to my thighs, make sure I kick and scream.”
This chapter got a bit heavy at the end, and I want to reiterate: This is not a snuff fic. Dean's not going to get hurt (any more than Cas intends to hurt him). Make no mistake, breathplay is dangerous. DO NOT DO THIS AT HOME. I mean it, THIS IS SERIOUSLY DANGEROUS. But, it's fictional, so Imma go with nothing bad happening, because I'm allowed to.
and before Dean has a chance to abort mission, he hears himself answer,
Dean hesitates. The belt hurts. Cas can pack a punch like nothing else, and the belt will light him on fire for sure.
Cas shoves in, nails digging deep into Dean’s ass as he comes inside him.
Zapp.
Leftovers make a good lunch. It rains, so he putters about inside, cleaning up and tidying, going over the finances - no bathroom reno, but a second hand tub is doable, so he goes to measure the bathroom and spends a few hours on Craigslist. One guy lists a good tub for free, but demands $50 when Dean emails him. An hour later, he’s scheduled to pick up a tub on Sunday. Which means the old tub has to come out, but that’s not a one man job.
What could possibly go wrong
Cas’s scathing review disappears from the website almost as soon as he posts it. Dean ends up blowing him in the living room just to make him stop frowning.
It takes Cas exactly a second to come crashing down next to him, another fifteen before the ropes have been deftly cut through and Dean’s cradled in Cas’s lap, shaking.
“Look at you,” Cas breathes in his ear. “Cock hard and ready for me. You’re going to try so hard, aren’t you? Don’t worry, baby. So will I.”
Dean’s hands skim down his body again, and he slowly spreads his legs.
Cas goes on Friday morning, leaving Dean with bruises from a few days worth of paddling. He even gets in a last pinch on Dean’s nipples, and Jesus, they gotta have that talk again.
“I usually top,” Cas says, “but I’m not against bottoming.”
Dean draws a breath. “No, fuck you, you start.”
So Dean does, Cas’s come falling from his mouth and onto the bottom of the page, smudging the ink a little.
Dean knew he should stop, he knew he’s gone too far (again), but he couldn’t. He should say he’s drunk too much or that he’s blacked out from anger, but the truth is that he knew what he’s saying and that he just didn’t
He’s still begging by the time Cas’s cock slides against his hole and Cas’s hands clamp down on his hips. Dean cries from relief when Cas’s cock slides into him. He feels whole, he feels seen.
He doesn’t know how long it takes until Castiel crowds him from behind again, wrapping strong arms around Dean’s chest and holds him close. Castiel’s warm, so warm, and Dean sobs at the contact, pushing backwards, uncaring that he’s impaling himself further, he just wants more of that comfort and heat. Castiel is shushing him, rocking him gently, his erection pressing against Dean’s lower back. The tension goes out of the ropes that are holding him up.
Cas drops down, gathers him close, murmuring praise as those clever fingers ghost over Dean’s cock. He brings it to life, making Dean gasp and arch from it. His weight pins Dean down onto the floor, Cas effectively sitting in his lap, and Dean struggles against him for a moment before Cas gathers his hands up again and forces them up above Dean’s head.
The closet opens and then items thump down on the bed. Dean doesn’t dare look, doesn’t move. Cas strokes a hand over his bottom and Dean holds his breath.
“Daddy, I’m sorry, I’m sorry!” he wails. “I can’t, please, no more, I can’t!”
“Perhaps we’ll start with you explaining why you thought drinking and driving would be acceptable.”
It starts like this.
“Hop up,” Cas says, and pats the counter next to the bandana.
Cas huffs. “I love you too.”
Cas rolls his eyes. “I wasn’t even squeezing. Now, what were you going to do about it?”
, but he’s ignored.
“Where are your boxers?”
“Hear that?”
“Does that hurt?” Cas asks, a large hand cupping him briefly.
(See the end of the chapter for
On the other hand, Dean
he thinks,
“I thought,” Cas says to his mug, “that you wanted that. Wanted to please me, wanted to be obedient. You said, ages ago, but you said you wanted to be mine, do everything I say, for me to control everything.”
“The rules you have agreed to,” Crowley asks. “Have you enforced them at home?”
Dean nods at the floor.
The pleading looks he’s giving Cas have an entirely different cause now.
?” Cas voice is sharp, and the leather of the armchair squeaks under his fingers.
“Yes, Daddy?” Dean turns from where he was just about to leave the room.
“I’m going to keep you like this,” Cas murmurs while scratching Dean’s scalp. “Chained and at my mercy, all weekend. You’re going to tell me everything, over and over. You run from me, I’m going to find you and haul you back. You fight me, I’m going to knock you down. I’m not letting you go, sweetheart. Not unless you safeword.”
There’s nothing about this that’s about Dean’s pleasure. Cas takes and takes and takes, and Dean lets him. Eventually, even with his body screaming at him and tears running down his cheeks, something inside him shakes loose and then his tears are from relief and gratitude, rather than the pain.
Zapp.
Dean grabs his hand. “Babe. Remember when I asked you to hurt me forever?”
They’re in public and something’s off, so he starts slow and light, warming Dean’s skin thoroughly. Even so, he can see Dean getting tenser and tenser, biting back the sounds he usually makes. Cas forces himself to pay attention, closely. When he pauses and runs his hand over Dean’s back, Dean jerks away, snarling. He doesn’t hit to cause pain, he hits because Dean choosing to receive pain to please him is
“When you beat me with the hazel rod,” Dean answers promptly.
Then there’s lube-slick fingers between his cheeks and Dean whimpers as Cas presses them inside, working quick to stretch him.
Then he drives home.
about it. He could feel his legs trembling from how tense he was, knees locked and back ramrod straight, poised to fight.
“When did you know?”
“Please don’t leave me,” he blurts out before snapping his mouth shut.
It takes a while before they make it inside, and when Cas steers him into a corner, Dean doesn’t object or fight it. He goes, sinking to his knees and resting his forehead against the wallpaper, grateful when Cas sits down in the armchair behind him with a book.
“No!”
Cas catches his hand. “Mm, no. Let’s see how close you can get from just this.”
“Dean,” Cas warns him, tapping him with the spatula again. “Behave.”
“What the
Lets himself be loved.
His hips make small circles as he thrusts against the bed, which isn’t nearly enough pressure, just enough to tease.
"I won't be nice," Cas warns.
“That wasn’t optional, pet.” Cas’s tone is hard and Dean is too content to argue it right now, so he nods, bringing his chair onto the middle of their lawn.
Dean aims carefully, waits for Cas’s nod and then pinches his eyes shut as he smack the spoon down. Tears spring to his eyes when he tries not to flinch from the pain. He does it again, and again, and sobs once he swaps the spoon to his left hand. He’s crying by the end of it, slow tears trickling down his cheeks, purple-white splotches marring his thighs.
Shaking, he reaches out and grabs the remote, quickly sliding the setting down as far as it’ll go.
too much going on here for Dean to process it, above all because Cas is now rubbing the shampoo lather into his chest and down his stomach like some sort of heathen, and Dean just cannot cope.
“What the--” he manages.
The tip of the dildo wedges into Dean, slick and heavy and cold and he groans when it pops past the ring muscle, sinking only a few inches inside. Castiel pats his flank, strokes over his back, as though soothing him. It’s not soothing. Dean leans his head forward, which pulls his arms up, and groans again, drool running over his chin. It’s so big. He’s up on his toes, but only notices when Castiel comes around to prod his feet. He sinks down, and the dildo inches further in. He’s panting hard, chest heaving. Fuck, the thing is massive. Despite the thorough stretching and ample lubrication, he feels stretched thin around it.
One thing keeps tripping him up though. It’s mortifying. Even after several days, he still can’t look at Cas when he shuffles over and mutters,
is stood towering over him. Damn if that doesn’t make his breathing fast and shallow.
Beep.
So lost is he in his own grip
Cas stands, his finger still inside Dean, cruelly driving into his prostate. “Yes, I think it does. I think I’ll just ignore it from now on. It’s not like it matters, does it, pet?”
“I can’t,” Dean says.
Dean walks into a bar.
“Alright. Time to pick one. Hot sauce?”
“Smell good,” Cas murmurs into his neck.
Fuck.
BEWARE: Tags have changed (humiliation tag added!) - if you want an explanation, go to the end notes.
“Filthy,” Cas reads, decisive and firm. “That’s what you are, isn’t it? Filthy and loving it.”
Cas smiles widely. “I do.” He kneads Dean’s balls, tugs on them just enough to make Dean’s breath catch. “So I’m going to play, and you’re going to be a good boy and be very, very quiet, aren’t you?”
Dean widens his knees, let’s Cas slip between them and winds his arms around Cas’s waist. He leans his head against Cas’s warm stomach.
“Daddy punishes me because Daddy loves me,” he says. “Please, make it really hurt, Daddy.”
“You’ve been tossing and twitching for the past half-hour, Dean.”
To such actions, but now he's glad
“Noted,” Cas repeats. “You done?”
“That’s what I thought. Come on,” Cas withdraws his fingers. “All fours now.”
He fights it for a long while more, screaming rage behind the gag, hot angry tears running down his cheeks as he struggles against the ropes. Cas peeks at him over the Kindle, but looks all relaxed and calm up on the couch.
Anael laughs. “Probably not the outcome our mothers were hoping for, is it?”
, he wants, he wants…
“... we pray for guidance and forgiveness from our sins..”
He tells Crowley everything.
“Yes, Daddy,” Dean says quickly, wiping his cheeks, then scurries for the first piece of clothing.
“Cas, babe, sweetheart,” Dean’s grinning now. “You always have. Every day.”
“I’m trying!” Dean wails, then thrashes as the spoon comes down harder on the tops of his thighs. “Daddy!”
“Louder.”
, Dean.”
“But,” Cas says and doesn’t finish.
Then he goes down on his knees and nudges a book from under Dean, and Dean opens his eyes wide. Oh.
Dean was right. It’s much, much better when Cas is half-naked as well, Cas chest pushing against him, hard and hot above him, pressing him into the sheets. He kisses Cas until he absolutely has to draw breath and then he gasps, because Cas moves to lick at Dean’s nipples and the small licks are so light, so light, so warm and wet and it’s never done anything for him, but it’s
Dean scoffs. “So what, you’re Daddy ‘cause of my daddy issues?”
Also me: *runs in a circle like a headless chicken for several months*
BEWARE: Possible squick in this chapter. See end notes.
“Dry off.”
Dean makes to stand, but Cas stops him, his hand sliding down from Dean’s hair to tilt his head back again. It trails down his throat, Cas’s thumb rubbing across his Adam’s apple. Cas hums, a soft and pleased note, splaying his hand over Dean’s collarbone, his thumb pressing just a tiny bit harder as he leans down to kiss him again. It leaves Dean just shy of breathless and he has to force himself to open his eyes after. Cas squeezes firmly before letting go, disappearing down the hall towards the bathroom. Right then. Dinner. Small talk. Yep, he can do this. Dean takes a deep breath, letting it out slowly, before heading towards the fridge.
“And?”
“Noted.”
Cas hums against his lips then spins him around. It’s been a week and the bruises are fading slowly, but Cas can’t seem to stop wanting to stroke and fondle them, or potentially he’s just that obsessed with Dean’s ass, which also seems likely. Right now, he’s petting the marks, spreading Dean’s cheeks, then pushing them together again. Hey, maybe Dean can convince him that rimming should be on the agenda for tonight. God knows Dean’s gotten rimmed within an inch of his life more than once this week.
With his balls in front of his body, as if on display.
“Thank you, Daddy,” is all he has time to groan out before Cas moves.
“Yeah,” Dean breathes against Cas’s collarbone, rubs his nose there and kisses Cas’s sweaty skin. “Cause I hate it, but I really love hating it. I love giving into it, I love having you make me, I love having you force me to love it. I love knowing that after all of it, you’ll pick me up and put me back together again. You’ll kiss me and hold me, and love me, and I know you see me. You see that entire messy darkness, and it don’t scare you.”
“I’ll wash up,” Cas says as Dean scrapes the last out of the container. “You go clean up.”
“I thought I’d asked too much,” Dean’s voice cracks. “Put too much pressure on you. You came back crying, and I thought I’d lose you over it. You didn’t say anything about anything at all this week. You’ve been different lately, too, and I didn’t know what to make of it.”
Cas ignores him, slowly dragging his finger in and out of Dean. “I think you’re just too needy for that. I think your little cock could do with some discipline.”
Then he reverses out of the driveway and heads off towards the far end of their street, where a gravel road leads to a gravel road leading to an open field and another dusty gravel road. Dean presses the button with every beep, staring down at where his cock lays small and limp and useless, and his balls look heavy and full from the steel band pulling them away from his body. The jolts of electricity sparking through his taint, through his balls, has him sobbing at the end of the drive.
“S’was my fault,” Dean mutters. “I got stupid at work yesterday, forgot my pronouns.”
It seems so impersonal, when all he can see of Cas are his shoes, slacks and the edge of Cas’s shirt.
“No?” Cas’s voice is still so gentle. “You’ll just have to prove me wrong, then.”
Turns out, sometimes sleeping in the wet spot is the start of something beautiful.
He pays and stands to the side where the chattering high schoolers can’t possibly reach him and then he waits. What kind of person was this SirHuckleberry, really? They’d matched great on paper. Well. Website. If this pans out he’s never admitting that. Ever. Especially not to Sam. He tries to smile at the redhead when she slams his drink down and yells his name, but she’s already gone back to the overly complicated machinery.
Dean shrugs a shoulder. “Dunno yet.”
Streaks of white shooting from his tip
Dean nods weakly, even as fresh tears burn his swollen eyes.
Cas hums. “Like that, just like that. You’re so responsive.”
The cold smile on Cas’s face tells him it’s the right choice, then his balls are pulled away from his body and a heavy steel ring fitted around them, slotting a small plastic box snugly against his perineum. Dean pants, eyes wide. Cock hard. Stupid cock. Cas pets it with a single finger, but his eyebrow is mocking Dean, blood rushing to his face as he struggles not to hide.
He’s crying, he realises suddenly. Breath hitching as tears roll over his face.
As soon as the first spurt leaves his cock and hit’s Cas’s mouth, there’s pain and he tries to clamp his legs shut but Cas won’t let him, his thumb digging hard into Dean’s sack, pinching and twisting. He stares down in shock as Cas sucks him through his orgasm, ruins it with the pain, then pulls off and spits on the sheets.
“And trust me,” he raises his voice when Dean tries to speak, “I have been very, very happy with what we’ve done. I don’t have words for how much you’ve given me, the way you give and give and give, but Dean, I haven’t held up my side of it. My job here is to make you feel safe, is to make sure you can talk to me about everything. Even when I make you feel bad, I want to make you feel
Whimpering, Dean lets go.
you. That’s what’ll happen, because that’s what happened the last six times.
Zapp.
“The wall are thin,” Sam grumbles, rubbing tiredly at his face.
The plug is removed in the bathroom and the shocker comes off as well, before Cas shoos him gently into the shower. Dean ducks in under the water, then stares in amazement as Cas steps in naked with him, broad chest damp with the steam. His eyes widen even more as Cas nudges him, then sinks to his knees.
His head swims, vision blurry. Cas really isn’t leaving.
, which Dean decides is a fucking awesome thing. Cas growls against his neck.
The guy frowns and tilts his head.
Cas laughs, dark and full of mirth.
Dean has gone completely still, relaxing into the grass beneath him. Is this what’s been going on? Why Cas has left the room so much? All the phone calls? Anael isn’t getting divorced?
When the timer beeps for a third time, Cas is up in his space before he can start arguing about pressing the button.
“Don’t move,” Cas warns him, pressing a finger against Dean’s lips.
Dean shouts as the shock brings him back from his fantasies.
God. God, oh god. He’s shaking so hard now, sweating as he pants towards his release.
Dean manages a nod before he bolts for the front door, where he picks up his jacket, folds it over his arm and returns to the living room.
“I don’t know.” Cas sounds tired.
If you're wondering, the remote controlled prostate massager Cas tortured Dean with is the Nexus Revo Slim. The eleven ounce plug is the Njoy Pure Plug in Large, where as the small one is indeed "only" five ounces -- and yes, there's an XL one that's 1.3 lbs.
He shifted, limbs heavy and back screaming, slowly moving up on his knees and then down on the other side of them, closer to Cas, close enough to lean his head against the leg closest to him. Next, his left arm, but it was so heavy it took him two tries before he managed to sling it over Cas's legs, then lean against his husband. Cas's hand came down into his hair then, slowly carding through it.
No need to tell him it was an empty one, right?
“In a moment, babe. Tell me why you left?” Dean makes his voice soft.
“Sure.”
“I’m not angling for anything,” he mutters at the floor.
“There you go, baby,” Castiel says quietly. “I got you. I’ve got you.”
Cas’s eyes narrow dangerously.
It’s supposed to be a one-night-stand.
Cas’s eyes widen.
Look, Dean isn’t easy. He’s gotten picked up plenty in his life, even at twenty-three. He knows a shitty line when he hears one, and there’s absolutely no reason for why he’s suddenly outside, Guy’s hands in his hair as they kiss open mouthed against the Impala.
Crowley groans and drinks deeply. “How’s that puppy love going for you?”
Tears are streaming down Cas cheeks and Dean gets up, but the shards of ceramic stop him. He turns to go for the dustpan, but Cas stops him, angrily wiping a hand over his face.
“I’m not allowed to,” Dean says, and dammit, those are tears prickling his eyes.
“It’s such a pretty one,” Cas muses, breath damp against Dean’s sensitive skin. “Maybe I should play with it more often.”
“Fuck you,” Dean seethes.
“Tell me why I punished you,” Cas demands, a hand dragging Dean’s head up by his hair.
Dean turns.
Cas bends him forward so his head and shoulders hang outside the window. The tears come when Cas’s cock presses slowly inside. His pleasure is pointless. This is what he’s good for. Cas groans and Dean smiles, because he did a good job. Daddy’s enjoying his fuckhole. The cock inside him feels huge, and Dean can’t help but to shake and shudder whenever Daddy passes his sensitive prostate. The fingers digging into his bruises spread a dull ache that makes him writhe.
Cas looks thoughtful.
Dean’s face down, an arm wrenched up behind his back and Cas’s weight solidly over his hips, when Cas’s phone rings. He tries yanking his arm free, but Cas’s grip is too tight.
Cas stands abruptly and Dean scrambles backwards. His legs are on fire as he straightens them, his knees chafed from the living room carpet and bruised from the kitchen.
“Not that one,” Cas says. “Start with the one you took off first - and Dean?”
“Come here,” Cas says behind him, gentle.
“Yes,” Dean hiccups, humiliation tearing another sob from him.
There’s tears in Dean’s eyes again. “Wanted it to hurt,” he mutters into Cas’s collar. “Wanted to make sure I never, ever forgot what a fucking disappointment I am, how much I make you worry. Wanted you to know I never would; wanted you to be able to let go too.”
“Yes, Daddy,” Dean says and it comes out something like a sob.
“Press it, or I will.”
Dean doesn’t say anything, fighting the ropes with everything he’s got, twisting and turning and pulling at them until he’s sweating and exhausted. Then he curses and curses, until Cas pinches his nose shut and Dean tries to hold his breath, but it’s futile. A sock gets shoved into his mouth before Cas’s belt locks around his head, forcing him shut up.
BEWARE: There has been a new tag added. See end notes for description.
The title never gets any easier to say. It makes him feel small, powerless. It’s embarrassing. Just saying it makes his cock chub up, like he’s one of Pavlov’s fucking dogs.
“Thank you, Daddy,” Dean whispers. “Thank you.”
“Tell you what I think? Well, since you ask so
Silence lingers and Dean fights not to cover his face.
“I thought we didn’t talk about that.”
“M’in’th’we’spo’,” Dean mutters, unable to move.
“Wrists,” Castiel says, withdrawing his foot, and Dean kneels up, eyes lowered as he offers his wrists for the cuffs. They use the suspension cuffs a lot. They have gone soft with use, their weight and firm grip pushing Dean closer to that edge.
The first smack is sudden and Dean yelps, doesn’t have time to flinch before the leather paddle moves from his left buttcheek to his right one, then taps a rhythm of fast, hard smacks down past his sit spots and to his thighs. This isn’t a warm up, there’s nothing nice about this. As much as Dean isn’t a masochist, Cas sure is a sadist, and in no time at all, Dean’s ass feels like it’s on fire and he’s trembling from trying to stay in position. His cock hangs small and soft between his legs, as he gasps for air against the covers.
To say Dean cries a lot in the first few weeks would be an understatement. Tears become his companion. Tears of pain, when his cock strains to harden and can’t; of frustration, when Cas suckles on the cage and licks through the bars; of anger, when he wants to yank the stupid thing off of himself; of defeat, because he’s stuck in it and there’s nothing he can do about it.
“Let’s do your inner thighs with it,” Cas suggests. “Three on each side, and you better hold yourself still for them.”
Fucking hell. Alright, so when Dean signed up for this thing, he’d no idea what Cas was going to do. He figured there would be a learning curve. Turns out, everything is pretty chill, right up to when Cas casually controls his bathroom habits.
“We have a house,” he says. “A mortgage. Cars. Family. Friends. Jobs. There’s no way you could keep me that far down for a long period of time. A week, tops.”
“Black. Hot. In a cup. Preferably a lot of it.”
They stand there for a long while, before Cas leads him inside. There, he undresses Dean, pushes him gently but firmly to the floor by the couch until Dean’s kneeling face down on the carpet. Cas disappears for a moment, but it’s alright, Dean can hear him in the shower. When he comes back barefoot, he lets Dean curl up on his side and places one large foot over the back of Dean’s head, holding him down.
“Come on, sweetheart,” Cas murmurs against his lips. “You’ve been so good. Such a good boy.”
“It went,” he says, stirring the pot on the stove.
“You’re mine, pet,” Cas says, and tears splash into Dean’s hair. “I won’t have you be a danger to yourself or someone else. I won’t lose you.”
“I think we’ve passed the the heterosexual station a long time ago.”
“I … care,” Cas says again.
“Clothes off,” Cas says quietly.
Watersports: Then he wees.
“Yeah.”
When he’s back in his spot by Cas’s right knee, he stops, and waits.
Cas’s fingers shove into his mouth, thick and long and Dean gags and sucks and gags and sucks and then he’s coming, electricity zapping through his entire body from where Cas ruthlessly pounds into him.
Slowly, Dean closes his mouth and looks down. How Cas can be so mocking while barely speaking above a whisper is insane.
I know, I know. I haven't abandoned this, I swear.
“I am not John Winchester,” Cas repeats, voice calm and even. “I will never be John Winchester. I don’t demand perfect obedience and silent suffering. I will never, ever be your
Dean swallows, carefully unclenching his fists before he steps towards the door.
He’s shaking now.
“Alright,” he says, reaching for his towel. “Whatever will make you feel better.”
“Of course,” Cas says. “What did you argue about?”
His head snaps to the side when Cas backhands him, and he cries out as the pain blossoms across his cheek.
Fuck that.
“Do - you - have - any - idea -” he pants between kisses and bites, and Dean’s head’s swimming with the feeling.
The coffee’s good though. Hot, black, bitter enough to make his mouth feel almost dry after swallowing. He sips it slowly, leaning against a counter, watching when a man in a trench coat and an awful sweater rushes in, hair on end and a briefcase in one hand. He weaves through the tables and to the counter, catching the blonde’s eye. The blonde nudges the redhead and magically, a paper cup is ready at the end.
isn’t reason enough to be late
Heavy blows rain down on Dean and he hangs his head, wriggling as he tries to deal with the pain. Cas lights his ass right on fire, hard, unrelenting blows until Dean’s forced down on his elbows, sobbing.
“Daddy,” Dean says, reaching out to cover Cas’s hand.
This still isn’t over.
Gyms are stupid. Yoga is stupid. Cas enforcing a workout routine on top of the rabbit food is
“What if I’d rather fuck you?”
Dean nods and slurps around his fingers, pressing another into his ass, rocking gently back at them.
