His memories of their last evening together are hazy at best but there are still some things from it he remembers quite clearly.
They had sat side by side in silence for a little while longer. John was starting to lose himself in thoughts of Master Holmes again. He really hoped he'd be back soon. He was glad he had gotten some kind of explanation at last, but he wanted to know more.
Not only was John's hair made out of golden sunlight his smiles seemed to be made out of it too, because whenever he smiled at him Sherlock could feel some of the warmth he had once felt when he had been oh so much younger returning to him.
Even though it was his mind they were in he could feel Her breath on his face as if it was real. He could smell the putrid stench of it however hard She tried to make it smell like daisies. True evil cannot be hidden for long.
A child. He has visited the All a couple of months ago and his training to become a mage is well on its way.
Were he to lift his right arm he could quite easily drape it over Holmes' side and chest and, for all intents and purposes, they would be “snuggling”.
“I wish I was a ghost so I could vanish and I wouldn't have to go through with all this nonsense”, Sherlock replies. He is in no mood to be placated. He is afraid. Afraid that The All will take an important day from him too. Maybe the day he first saw Mycroft. His brother is all he has left. If he loses him too.....
As it turned out Finn was a man of action. He had gone to find a bath and had succeeded rather quickly, because within 5 minutes he was back. A big metal bath and several pitchers of water in the hallway behind him.
“Ah, fuck it”, he said to himself, pressed the call button and, with only a slight tremble, pressed the phone to his ear.
But time was not on his side so he had just held her a little bit tighter and had tried to commit the feeling of her small body between his arms, the course fabric of her dress and the color of her gray hair to memory.
John puts his hand on Sherlock's knee then and squeezes gently. In the fire a log gives a loud crack before splitting in two.
There is a full moon out tonight. Just as there had been years ago. The last time when he had sat outside with John.
They were both a little out of breath when Sherlock finally toppled inside and lay softly chuckling on his back on John's bedroom floor.
I've been feeling both hot and cold all day but my body is finally starting to decide on an emotion. I'm starting to get angry.
The kiss is sudden and short and unexpected but it's still able to set off fireworks behind his eyes.
Also: someone was kind enough to point out where I made a bit of a snafu where it comes to terminology in the previous chapters. Oopsie. I'm planning on going back when I have more time and fixing it.
Currently he swings it back around from behind his back where the corpse of the fateful creature drops to the ground unceremoniously only to bring it back to his left side where it cuts through the jugular vein of another creature, but the blade does not stop there, it sings as the steel continues its arch through the sky, Mycroft moves his right foot forward together with his sword arm and a third creature meets its untimely fate.
Sherlock is smiling too now. Smiling comes so easily when John is around. John. His sun. Casting his warm rays in Sherlock's direction and bringing him to life in the process.
Again it drifted towards them and John felt it settle over them and as it did the wolf seemed to grow larger and larger underneath his hands.
The arm around him tightened just a fraction as Sherlock groaned and pressed a kiss to the back of his neck.
He tries a fire-spell but nothing happens. The fireplace remains as cold and dark as the rest of the room.
“I will conjure up a spell to make you immortal and then I will reach inside of your body with  my bare hands and pluck out your organs one by one....only.....you will not die....I will not permit you to do so.....you will spend your life in eternal agony”, she breathes against the floor and it trembles under the power and malice of her words.
The rest of the day was spent getting acquainted with the house and his duties. He had been hired as a full time stableman. His job consisted out of taking care of the horses, the stable complex, the carriages that belonged to the family and also helping out in the vast gardens and orchards if the need was there.
Where he had hoped that the revelation of them both belonging to a family of mages would bring them closer together it had eventually ended up tearing them apart.
The curtains that frame the large windows that line two of the four walls of his temporary bedroom are opened and warm sunlight is streaming in, warming his face and limbs.
So instead he closed his eyes tightly, both to the truth and to keep the tears that were suddenly blurring his vision from falling, and he kissed Sherlock again.
Just for a moment the magic is gone. Holmes' eyes pools of the darkest black and his hands cold and unfeeling as the thrum of his heart skips just for a beat and the room seems to be without air.
But where he was expecting to see Mary or, in the worst case, Master Holmes, John saw someone else entirely.
My feet are heavy and light at the same time as I make my way to where I think the supply-closet was. I'm having trouble remembering. I'm having trouble thinking. I'm basically having trouble functioning in general.
To release it into the darkness of the night so I won't have to see it go but I will be rid of it all the same.
He saw John smile in return and Sherlock was reminded of the occasions where that smile had been directed at him and how it had made him feel.
Somewhere inside him something akin to jealousy stirred. He quickly put a halt to those feelings. He had  no right. What even was he to Holmes anyway....
“With you back here at Eton this year”, John says, “you know......with your peers.....clever, well-off and handsome boys.......I was afraid that, perhaps, you had met someone more on your level........I don't know.....”
John hated sleeping when he had a fever. He always got the worst fever-dreams when he did. One time he had dreamed there'd been a clown made entirely out of rotting teeth in his room. Just standing in the corner. Looking at him with eyes made out of his own baby-teeth. He wasn't sure how he'd known they were his teeth, but in the dream it had made perfect sense. He had tried turning his back to it, but every time he did it would just move to another corner without actually moving. It just appeared there as if it had always been there. And if John tried to get out of bed it would raise one arm and point at him and scream. A high pitched noise that sounded an awful lot like teeth rubbing together violently. This dream had lasted for 4 days until his fever finally broke and he realized it wasn't real.
He might be worried I'll tell all of his friends what really happened at Patrick's party....or.....after Patrick's party.
A couple of teachers notice me as they pass by but none of them seem to care enough to actually say anything or send me away.
For a moment Mary did not reply and John was afraid he had said something wrong. That he had somehow upset the fragile truce between them. But then Mary had smiled at him and said: 'yeah, I'd rather have you as a friend than not at all.'
It seems as if John has accidentally turned on his caps-lock halfway through the last word. Sherlock smiles down at the screen.
“I don't think I can be in a secret relationship anymore”, I say, “so maybe we shouldn't be in a relationship at all, but....don't worry, I won't tell anyone about us”,  and then I leave him there.
“Goddammit!”, he says. Maybe a little bit too loud, he realizes, as several passengers seated close by turn around with concerned expressions on their faces.
I wrap her up in my arms and hug her. She gently strokes the back of my neck. It's what she used to do when I had trouble sleeping. When I had nightmares. When I was a lot younger.
“If this is what they got their significant other for Christmas”, Sherlock says, “I'm not surprised they got murdered.”
John's chest is very muscular. He's got abs and pecs....it all just reminds Sherlock of a Greek god even more.
“I can't keep doing this”, Mycroft says, “I can't spend the rest of my life worrying about you every second of every single day.”
We can't be like John and I. John and I never talk about anything and it has lead us to this. A relationship that simultaneously is and isn't one because we keep everything we truly feel and think inside and so we both suffer for it.
“It is so good to see you again!”, she says as Finn waits behind her in the shadow of a large tree, “you and the soldier”.
Sherlock's voice is low and small and it reminds John of that afternoon when they had gone out for coffee and Sherlock had told him about his ex.
Anything that's better than just getting by on a mediocre job in a place that sells mediocre coffee. And that's being generous as far as the coffee is concerned.
to do anything and I am certainly not going anywhere with you, sir.....my colleague will be back any minute and.....”
He had felt Watson's gaze on him before he had actually seen him. It had started as a small tingle running up his spine making the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end and had ended with a warmth spreading all through his chest and ending just behind his eyes.
'Hmmmm.' Sherlock had gone back to reading. The biography of a mathematician John had never heard of.
“Doesn't mean I don't miss her......what I'm trying to say is....maybe you should cut your brother just a little bit more slack. He might be gone some day and then you find you'll actually miss him.”
Instead he sits himself down in the chair opposite Finn. Another large, red monstrosity. He crosses his legs and pretends he's not wearing the most over the top, ridiculous thing he's ever had on his body.
He needs to come up with a better plan to contain her.....something better than what he has now.....than what he had come up with that morning......but he needs time to do so......and time is just what he does not have........
By the time he has made himself presentable again all hope of finding John free will probably be gone.
For a moment Sherlock is confused. Why would John bring that up now? His confusion must be showing clearly on his face because John laughs again. There is so much warmth in it this time that for a moment the night is traded for brilliant day as the stars fade while John shines.
He pretends to jot something down in his notebook again. It's just a squiggly line and a little star but from where Watson is sitting it must look awfully important.
“I'll have to be very careful then.” He can practically hear the smile that accompanies John's words.
John purposefully did not turn his head towards the direction of the shrill voice. Perhaps if he pretended he didn't hear her she'd go away. He didn't have to look to know who that voice belonged to.
“Watson....”, Sherlock finds himself saying but then stops himself. Just for the briefest of moments a vision flits in front of his eyes. Them, dancing together just as they are doing now, only their suits are different. Watson's is white, his is black, the material unknown to him. There are people standing around but none of them seem to mind that two men are dancing together so intimately. The room they are in is strange to him as well....very bright.....shiny.....there are tables with......and then the vision is gone again and Sherlock immediately has a hard time remembering what he has seen. Only one word remains from it and he lets it fall from his lips.
The man was like an oyster. A hard outer shell clamped tightly shut on the pearl inside that was his dazzling personality that sometimes shone through the cracks.
“It's complicated”, I end up saying. And I hate that that's how I have to describe what we have. Because it's not complicated at all. None of John's rugby-friends seem bothered by the fact that I'm gay. Patrick is openly asking me questions about it and this is only the second time I've met him.
After months spent mostly in cold, detached silence John was slightly taken aback by his father's sudden question.
They remind Sherlock of stars that have a brief moment of brightness only to burn out and die in all consuming darkness.
They had stood like that for a little while longer. Sherlock had remained seated against the tree. He had never looked up. Never gotten up. And never practiced his spells.
A fragile glass bubble now shattered and ripped apart by the blunt force of reality, the shards cutting both of them up in the process.
Where actions have consequences and I think that, perhaps, John fears those consequences a little bit more than I do.
Not for the first time he wishes he was a better dancer but, alas, he's got two left feet.....to put it mildly.
But hearing John speak now, the confused look on his face, Sherlock doubts. He doubts if John feels the same. If John feels what he feels.
There's an itch beneath his skin, he feels cold all over, his throat is dry and there's a pounding starting at the back of his head.
“I have yet to see any evidence besides from some ancient prophecy that everybody blindly believes.”
The sheets and blankets draped over his body made from a material he is not familiar with. The mattress supporting his back softer than any mattress he's ever come across.
-- but won’t come to crime scenes now unless it’s ‘eleven on a ten-point scale, Grisham.’” Lestrade’s nose was in the air; his right hand was flipping dismissively.  “‘Nothing less is worth the two weeks’ isolation at
With a twinkle in his eye, Lestrade was back to himself.  “It’s actually not that bad, Mycroft’s, when you get a fire going, but still, if everybody took the stay-at-home order as seriously as that, we’d be much better off overall.”
Sherlock adjusted the cuffs on his shirt.  “It seems I may have incorrectly pre-judged the entertainment value of flamboyant idiots with tigers and guns.”
Soft lips touched John’s.  Sherlock laid his hand lightly on John’s left hip, mirroring the move John had made.  Mirroring was an excellent tactic for learning kissing skills, John had found out a few decades ago, and it seemed Sherlock was employing it now, following the gentle presses John made against first Sherlock’s top lip and then bottom lip with presses of his own.
the bananas out with the homeless teens, however; he saved exactly four peeled bananas in the fridge. “Two for you and two for me,” Sherlock said.
have been a little bit louder than typical when he reminded Sherlock that Sherlock has never, not even once, in all of their acquaintance, given John his half of the rent without prompting and really it’s a wonder Mrs. H hasn’t dumped them out on their arses with how often she’s paid late, but that doesn’t seem to be enough of a reason for Sherlock to have put his nose in the fucking air and stalked out the door without even so much as a by your leave and been absent from the flat now for five fucking hours.
John and Mike looked at each other.  “Not to us,” Mike said gently.  “What was the, um, evidence that led you to the deduction?”
Sherlock’s not a wanker.  (Well, literally maybe he is; I don’t know.  It doesn’t matter.  Anyway.)  He just keeps trying to put his hand in where he doesn’t need to.  However, now, finally, it’s been sorted.  With any hope.
John’s room at 221B is exactly as it was, not even a layer of dust.  The refrigerator holds a serving platter of toenails, a jar of ginger preserve, and three carrots.  The microscope on the kitchen table looks to be even larger than the one that sat there before.
John opened his eyes and turned his head, and there was Sherlock. Looking so much younger in sleep (YES THAT’S A CLICHE but he
“A few more.  Option four.  We go on as we have been, you adopt Rosie, and we don’t have to renovate the flat because you and I share a bedroom, due to us being in a romantic relationship.”
John wanted to hug Sherlock ferociously.  Wanted ferociously, although hugging ferociously might be fun.  He’d have to see how Sherlock felt about it.
“And you call me a romantic.”  John pulled Sherlock toward him for a good-morning kiss and cuddle.  They had maybe a half-hour before--
his life had become.  And gender had had nothing to do with it, neither his nor Sherlock’s. No matter how gorgeous Sherlock had been made up as a woman.  Smug git.
“What?” Gobsmacked might be a good word for what John currently felt.  He looked Mike’s way, but his friend seemed just as confused.
“Yeah.  Funny, innit?  He’s helping out a lot more over text -- even when Hopkins asked for help on a bleeding
“Come.”  Sherlock patted his own thigh, and John kept himself from keening by the barest of margins.
“Sad to say I overlooked it too, pig.  When I came back and saw you in the finery they’d dressed you in, I thought, well of course he’d prefer it that way.  But you don’t, do you?  You want to be back where you belong, naked in the hay at my feet.”
Now John was nervous.  He’d thought that would be a definite yes.  Time to save things:  “You don’t have to.  I know it’s asking a lot.  I just thought it might make things easier in--”
The wake-up the next morning was much slower than the go-to-sleep, as John felt truly rested for the first time in a longer time than he wants to think about.  Uni?  No, now that he considers, definitely
So.  It turns out sex, for Sherlock, is like chocolate cake.  Not something he typically spends any time thinking about, not something he ever feels compelled to go out and get for himself, but something he quite enjoys if he happens to be offered some at a time when he’s not busy with something else.
No matter how roughly John had shoved him down and grabbed his shoulders. No matter how many times John had slammed that slender -- too slender -- torso against the floor, growling with anger and hurt and relief. He’d been careful of Sherlock’s head, though, aware of the need to protect that great sodding brain that Sherlock needed so sorely to compensate for his
“So, I thought it might be helpful for you if I came up with some options for what we do now.   They’re in order by amount of change.  Before I tell them to you, you should know that all of these options are fine with me.  Ones I do not find acceptable, such as you dying again, aren’t in this.  These are all pre-approved by me, so it will be totally up to you which one we go with.  OK?”
True about the limp.  John considered his feet for a second, and, uncomfortable, shifted his weight from leg to leg.
John smirked.  He’d thought this one up weeks ago, saving it for a truly egregious transgression.  “All sweets will officially be ‘Rosie only’ foods.”
“Who is…”  John almost couldn’t speak, he was so taken aback.  “David Bowie.  Space Oddity, Ziggy Stardust, Let’s Dance.  Really, you don’t know?  He’s only one of the most famous musicians of the twentieth century.”
Stark naked, Sherlock crawled off the bed and then dropped to one knee on the floor.  He held his fingers in what would have been the perfect position for showing a ring box, if he’d had a ring box.  “John Middle-Name-He-Hates Watson, will you do me the honor of signing a legal document -- we’ll make Mycroft figure out which one and the details and all that nonsense -- attesting to the entire world that we are business partners?”
“Obviously the Head Keeper.  The one who kept everything on track while Joe Exotic was off on his antics, grandstanding; the one who actually cared about the tigers’ wellbeing, which translates to your continued caring --”
“Well?” she asked as John was still sorting through that, and he reported on autopilot, “Three-fourteen and ten seconds.”
When John Watson woke in the morning, refreshed and thinking of a fry-up to celebrate the successful solving of the cigar-falcolner-pigeons case of the day before (possible titles:  “When Irish Idahos Are Smiling” or “Euston, We No Longer Have a Problem”), Sherlock Holmes had already vacated the flat.
Lestrade’s face drew up, and he exhaled loudly through his nose.  “Did it have anything to do with the string of robberies that’s been driving my team crazy for the last month?”
He thought, and considered, and speculated.  Unless Sherlock had let someone else into the room and then buggered off to who-knows-where (I mean, it’s Sherlock; that’s not out of the realm of possibility), then it was most likely Sherlock’s arm and knees and probably-an-erect-dick and general wafting warmth surrounding John.  Which was… not bad.
“The twenty minutes that was left?  Put Rosie to bed and had a chat with your brother’s minions through the foyer’s camera.”  John was tempted to stand, feeling that pacing might help his nerves, but Sherlock was here, facing him, eye to eye, and this was the moment.  “Life-and-death situations, I can make decisions in a split second, but this?  You know how… difficult I find it.”
on schedule, well fed, and happy.  You’re already co-parenting with me; this would just provide some legal protection for the relationship.  But you don’t have to if you don’t want to.  I promise I won’t think any less of you.”
(Don’t have to justify this being in third person point of view.  This is my private journal, written for me and me only.  If Sherlock Holmes wants to UTTERLY DISAPPOINT ME by reading these entries, it’s his lookout.)
Sherlock had assayed that John was welcome to any one-night stands he could pull; John had assayed that Sherlock could shut his fat mouth, that John would take care of it.
“Your what?”  John knew he sounded like a complete idiot, but this person’s sentences were making absolutely no sense.  Dysphoria and a Scottish farm; maybe this was aphasia?  And if so, did the stranger have it, or John?  “Look, we’ve never met, so --”
After a few minutes, John pulled back. If he could see his own eyes, he was convinced there’d be stars in them.  That was a hell of a sweet, gentle first kiss.
“Thank you.  But if I ever, well, disappear on you again like that, will you please toss me in your boot and bring me back?”
“Oh, that.”  After a quick wink aimed at his partner, John continued walking down their stairs in their flat to go get their daughter and start their day.  “I deduced that ages ago.”
“Ugh,” she sighed.  “The attention is rather unfortunate.  I’d hoped to blend in better, but there’s nothing for it.  I’ll just have to kiss you.”
He was to find out later in the evening that the young people were from Sherlock’s homeless network, brought in to peel the bananas in exchange for, well, the peeled bananas.  Sherlock had purchased the fruit not for consumption by himself or his flatmate, but for some kind of experiment with dozens of banana peels and, you guessed it, boric acid.
Before anything else, Sherlock insists the record be set straight.  (“Do you really think I have to read your personal journal to know what you write in there?  Really?”)  The documentary last night was about
, that?  No.  Never.  We don’t—”  He took a breath that did absolutely nothing to quell the tension inside him.  “With Mary, it’s normal.”
This was so strange.  John hadn’t been taken as female since he was a little kid and Harry had told their new neighbours his name was Joan.  “I was just being me,” he told Mike.
Anyway, long story short, the solution to whodunnit all revolved around racing pigeons, an Irish falconer, and a rare Dominican cigar owned by an American from Idaho, which Sherlock assures me is one of the US states, and not, as I’d previously thought, a city.  “It has fewer people than Euston, which is a city,” Sherlock noted, and I was thoroughly confused, Euston being a busy railway station or at a push referring to a village in Sussex which is not in any way, shape, or form a city.  Odd.
Some minutes (seconds? eons?) later, John summoned the fortitude to open his eyes and thus abandon the prospect of any more sleep.  Which he didn’t need -- truly rested, remember? -- but still was reluctant to forego.  Onward.
uni, nor secondary, nor Afghanistan, nor the army bits that weren’t in Afghanistan, and absolutely not when he first came back from Afghanistan.
Eyes closed, smiling, exactly where he belonged, John was ready to share his other desires.  “Later I want an ear tag and nose ring too.”
“That’s not adventure,” she scoffed.  “Being held hostage is upsetting but it’s also a bit boring.  You’re not
“I suggest 'Vatican cameos' to mean we’ll take a pause and see whether both of us want to continue.  If not, we’ll stop.”
“Not truly angry, no.”  As John stalked toward him, Sherlock actually visibly gulped.  “A little perturbed?  Maybe.”
John manufactured his politest smile, but the stranger barely glanced up as he took the phone from John’s hand.  “Is NHS not prioritising veterans for dysphoria services?” the man asked, sounding perturbed.
“I had the weirdest dream last night,” John said to one of Mycroft’s minions, looking square into the lens of the not-as-hidden-as-was-probably-intended camera in the ground-floor foyer of 221.
John gave Sherlock a stony look. “You’ve watched the show? Why didn’t you join Mrs. H and me when we asked, instead of getting on your high horse about it?”
Sherlock squinted.  “You haven’t had access to the surgery’s computers in almost a fortnight, and we both know you haven’t used your laptop for that; yes, yes, I’m terrible.”
6 - More than one potential feature of interest within an overall milieu of tedium.  Mycroft’s “crucial for the continued survival of the nation” cases tend to fall in this category.
He had no idea how he’d managed to fall asleep on these uncomfortable buggers on his stag night, except he did.  He’d been thoroughly drunk… and Sherlock had been there.  John had gone, and was prepared to go, through any number of discomforts to be where Sherlock was.
he thought.  He’d get another pint at the bar, and then he’d check the perimeter of the room for any lonely wallflowers who’d be willing to trade a kiss with a guy for the chance to meet a group of lovely, vivacious lesbians.  As Harry’s raucous bray of a laugh hit his ears over the music and chatter, followed by a snort, he amended his characterization of them to only vivacious.  He’d have to get a move on before they slid into just plain rowdy.
Sherlock’s eyes hardened, and when he spoke, his tone left no room for argument.  “I don’t do relationships, never will, but I promise you will always be mine and I will
Sighing, Sherlock stood up and walked over, stopping a few feet from John and Mike.  He tilted a hip, shifted a shoulder, and did something John couldn’t quite distinguish with his face, and
John held up his hands.  “Wait, there’s one more option.  Hear them all before making your choice, remember?”
Small likelihood not being no likelihood, John decided at that point to check that it was indeed Sherlock curled next to him.  Visual reconnaissance.  Which meant opening one’s eyes.
John’s lip twitched up at Lestrade’s underplaying of the moment, but here was the real point he wanted to make.  “In one way, it was typical, because you were defending Sherlock.  Standing up for him.  I appreciate it, you know.  He does too, whether he says it or not.”
“The solution to being able to engage in dominant-submissive sexual games without you feeling guilty.  You won’t put your hands on me
“My intent was to make you so focused on demonstrating your sexual prowess that you wouldn't notice…”  He trailed off.
“Shut up,” John ordered fondly.  “I mean, with men.  One drunken snog and a few mutual handjobs don’t add up to much of anything, do they?”
Does it count as paying your rent on time if you give them the cheque when due but ask them not to cash it for three to five business days?
Walking down the stairs, John was stopped by Sherlock’s hand on his shoulder.  “John!  I just realized I never said it.”
“Yes.  Or we could Skype.  Come to think of it, you probably should expect a Skype call or two from Sherlock and Rosie next week to show off their latest experiments while I’m at the surgery.”
“You’re right,” said a sultry voice at his left.  As that comment had clearly been aimed at him, John looked over.  The woman turning on her bar stool to face him was dressed entirely in black, cleavage too large to be entirely natural, creamy pale skin, dark red lips, heavy black eye makeup contrasting with startlingly gorgeous pale blue-green eyes, and a bouffant head of dark hair.  She really should have looked ridiculous, her appearance too overdone and extravagant even for a fancy dress party, but somehow she didn’t.  She looked amazing.
“All of us.  You, me, Sherlock, Mycroft, Mrs. Hudson, and Greg Lestrade.  It was based on Tiger King.  Have you watched that?”
entrusting you with Rosie’s care, and you’ve been brilliant at it.  You’re horrible at taking care of your own basic needs, but you keep
been the best thing to happen to me.”  He cleared his throat of the lump that had somehow settled there.
“Stop.  If you say ‘I deserved it,’ once more, you’re going to find out just what the ultimate punishment is.  You did
“No!”  John took a long breath to cleanse any irritation out of his tone, as he wasn’t a misogynistic prick and didn’t want to sound like one.  “It would be fine if I was, but I’m not.”
Dr. John H. Watson climbed the stairs to his flat after a very long, very boring day, looking forward to sitting in his armchair and cracking open the spy novel he’d recently purchased.  Upon opening the door to his flat, he realized he would not be doing any such thing any time soon, as his lounge was inhabited by approximately one hundred and twenty-seven youths of indeterminate gender peeling bananas.
‘Alice’ was turned away as he approached, facing her companions dressed as The Mad Hatter and as a sexy black bunny that was probably meant to be the White Rabbit.  “Um, hi,” John said to ‘Alice’ with a bashful smile.
John doesn’t, because he’s erased this part of the story from his mind.  Sherlock deletes off his hard-drive; John grabs a rubber larger than his hand and scrubs at the paper until the graphite’s gone or blurred beyond comprehension.
Sherlock continued in a regular voice, “This is Sherlock now.  I was communicating on behalf of young Watson because she has been engaged in activities of an indelicate nature.  Those are almost complete, by the way.  You can tell that I was speaking Watson’s words instead of my own because I never say please.”
John reached his hands forward to stop Lestrade before remembering they were on Skype.  “Wait!  There was one bit about the dream I didn’t tell you yet.”
John adjusted his laptop a bit to put his face center-screen.  “Dream, right.  It was about that Tiger King show, except it was all of us instead of them.”  John and Lestrade had had a couple of conversations about Tiger King already, with Lestrade refusing to share an opinion on Carole Baskin’s guilt or innocence (‘Won’t comment on another copper’s work without all the evidence’).
The swift ascent of Sherlock’s eyebrows would have made John giggle if this weren’t so stomach-clenchingly important.
Then they were standing in John’s bedroom, her hands on his shoulders, his hands toying with the lovely soft straps of her plum-colored lingerie, and he murmured, “This is the first time I’ve done this with a client,” and leaned in for another kiss…  which he did not get, as she had firmly pulled away.
It transpired that Sherlock had decided to address the problem of his procrastination and general apathy toward household and personal finance by giving it to John.
Weird.  The enthusiasm level was considerably lower than it had been for option four, and nervousness was higher.  John was determined not to push or coerce Sherlock into anything.  ‘Meh’ consent meant no consent, in his mind.   “Are you sure?”
“But we have.”  The man looked up from John’s phone, meeting John’s gaze.  And, wow, those were a set of eyes:  pale blue and green, almost glowing.
It was awkward and awful and stretched across three days and might as well have been in an outer-space alien language for all it resembled how two British men typically talk with each other.  (Yes, they are neither of them typical, but they
They repeated the sound /həʊl/ back and forth several times in varying pitches and intonations until John realized that while he was saying the word “whole,” Sherlock was hearing it without the “w.”
Sure enough, Sherlock’s phone was charging on the nightstand.  John leaned against the dresser and sighed.  “And you didn’t tell me about this why?”
“You really thought Sherlock was a woman?” Mike asked, indicating the sleek stranger.  “Even picturing him in a dress and makeup, I can’t really see it.”
“Well, sure.  I said we’d go on as we have been, remember?  I love going on cases with you.”  John twisted his hands so he could give Sherlock’s hands a squeeze.
They were beginning a push-pull through the lounge toward the stairs that led to Sherlock’s current bedroom.  Which starting tomorrow night would be Rosie’s bedroom.  Just Rosie’s, and John smiled at that, provoking an answering smile on Sherlock’s gorgeous mug.
“The one where you find out you’re Prince of Genovia and have a three-way with Anne Hathaway and Julie Andrews even though you’re related to both of them?”
the banana peels and boric acid have now got to is a question that remains unanswered.  John’s primary concern was that they not be in the bathtub, and they weren’t, so he didn’t bother pursuing that line any further.  This may come back to bite him at some point.
After walking past the door, Sherlock leaned back into the room again.  “You also know I look gorgeous dressed as a woman.”  He clicked his tongue and winked.  “The name’s Sherlock Holmes and the address is two two one B Baker Street.”
John opened his mouth to reply, and then realized he had no idea what to say.  “What?” he settled on.
It was then that Sherlock stuck his head into John’s bedroom and said, “Is the intercourse over? Lestrade just texted with a halfway decent case.”
“You’re not going to pull with any of the women here tonight.”  She re-crossed her legs, and John couldn’t help watching the slit in her skirt as it moved.  “They’re too involved with their dates or their friends to give a glance at a newcomer, unless she’s… ‘sex on wheels’ is the correct term, I believe.”
Actually, them, not it.  “It” would imply he only gave the problem to John, instead of the problem and the solution.
Molly paused for a moment.  “I was going to say, ‘Not so lovely,’ but… We didn’t do anything odd afterward, like display the carcass or spread entrails around?”
“Well, yes,” John said, alarmed.  He pulled the rabbit gently from her hands.  “But we as people should not bite.  You know that, right?  Do not bite.”
Fuck it, I’ll finish this tomorrow.  Sherlock actually wants to watch something on telly (it’s about poisonous snakes), and he’s actually asked me to join him, and I feel a bit of a cuddle on the couch is in order.
, when John hasn’t had “partnered sex” in a while, John gets shirty, tetchy, fractious. Like a bear with a sore head.
“Why are you asking this now?” John demanded.  “Six months and you haven’t breathed a word about this.  Not a word!  Not a tone, not a look.”
“A --”  John’s breath caught in his throat momentarily.  “You thought I was transgender?”  At a nod from Sherlock, he went on.  “And the reason I wasn’t used to makeup was because --”
He grunted, still a bit perturbed at Mrs. H not seeing him in a leading role. Sherlock was the driving force behind their mystery-solving, of course, but John had been an officer in the army and a trauma surgeon.  You’d best be able to drive a team of people forward if you wanted to succeed in either of those roles, to say nothing of both at the same time.
“You tell your boss this, eh?  Mycroft is arrogant -- tried to buy me the first time he met me -- and interfering -- witness how we’re having this discussion now -- and officious, but he has Sherlock’s best interests at heart.  I’m going to try to get Sherlock to admit that.
Sherlock’s surprise was only slightly less expressed than it had been at John’s confession of love.  The blank stare didn’t last nearly as long, though.  “You want me to take legal responsibility for your daughter through her lifetime.”
“Your impending nuptials could not in any way be more obvious; no need to say it—oh.” Sherlock dropped his gaze. “It wasn’t an opening step, John, just a question. Obviously the wrong one.  I should’ve asked, does Mary know your safeword?”
3 - Requiring some level of human intelligence but exceedingly boring.  When John insists I take one of these cases, the client is charged double.
The ‘does not compute’ stare was out in full force, but this time John was ready for it.  He used the moments to think about how really lovely Sherlock’s eyes were.
Nope, distance was the wrong idea.  John stepped to Sherlock’s chair, pulled the man up, and wrapped him in a hug that John hoped was as tender and protective as he was now feeling.
is an excellent choice; coming right up.”  He pulled the book from the bookcase and began to read.  “In the light of the moon, a little egg lay on a leaf.”
“Meaning someone will soon die, yes.”  John rolled back and tugged Sherlock to lie on his chest.  “And I'll die if I hurt you again, so that works.”
He picked up his three-quarters-gone pint in his left hand and his cane in his right and moved away from the table briskly.  Right.  The bet was on.  All John had to do was convince a woman in this bar to kiss him, on the lips, and bring back “proof,” whatever that meant, to his sister and her friends.  Right.
Rosie’s bum was in the air; she was crawling under her cot.  John waited to see if she’d get stuck, but she wiggled out of the space just fine on her own.
John was grateful for the information but confused why it had required him to sit back down.  “That’s what you wanted to talk about?”
John’s knees were threatening to give out; he pressed his back into the wall and clutched the chair rail for support.
“Weird.”  Lestrade shook his head.  “Well, guess I should get back to work.  Thanks for the call, John; it was a good distraction.”
“I’m still wearing my wedding ring.  Didn’t even move it over to the other hand, like some widowers do.  I’ve been holding onto her as my one great romantic love.  But my dream reminded me of some of these things she did, not as your mum, that… weren’t the best, let’s just say.  And it’s not that I’m some angel; I’m just saying our relationship was up and down.”
John paused in the middle of sitting down in his armchair to glare at Sherlock.  “And how do you know about that?”
“Yeah.  It really is.  Sherlock gave up the bedroom by the bath so Rosie and I could share it, and he’s stuffed himself into the smaller bedroom upstairs.  Eventually it’ll get strange, father and daughter sharing a bedroom, but I’ve got a plan for that.  Assuming Sherlock agrees.”
Sherlock dropped the shock blanket and climbed down from the ambulance.  “I never do anything stupid.”
There was still some part of him fighting; he’d worked so hard with what he had with Mary, so hard to make it all be enough. “You—”
Rosie blinked again and commenced staring at him like he was an idiot.  Which, of course, reminded him of Sherlock, etc., etc., and he hurried to clarify.  “That’s who she is:  your mum.  That’s what we remember about her.  She was your mum and she loved you with all her heart, and she was a good mother to you.  I’ll keep telling you about her as a mum through your life, everything I can remember, and showing you our pictures of her being your mum.
“Ah ah,” John corrected, crawling up the bed over Sherlock’s luscious body.  “Brats need discipline, not punishment.”
“There was a trial, and a talking tiger named Moran was the judge.  I think Carole-Moriarty was the defendant, but even so, the sentence was that Sherlock was going to be eaten by Moran.  The whole courtroom was hushed in shock, but you threw one of your legs at Moran’s mouth, knocking out his teeth and choking him.  He was taken out of the courtroom on a gurney with your leg still sticking out of his mouth straight up in the air.  The Crown decided somehow that was sufficient reason for Sherlock to be set free.  At the celebration, in Mrs. Hudson’s flat, I apologized for your now-missing leg, and you just pulled a different one out of a bag and put it on.  Then we had a pint.”
Sherlock Holmes came home after his unexplained multi-hour absence and immediately thrust a parcel into John’s hands.
As Sherlock looked at him, head tilted, eyes intensely focused, the tension tightened, compressing everything inside of John to the size of a single molecule.
John stepped back, one step, two, three, as far as he could go in this suddenly stifling room.  “You can’t
expression firmly in place, Sherlock shook his head.  “You’re talking about partners romantically; I’m talking about partners in the work.”
Anyway. Suffice it to say, the rested feeling was novel and John enjoyed wallowing in it, eyes closed, on his back, blissful, with tiny little stretches of this muscle or that from time to time, just because it felt good to wiggle a bit.  It was during one of these stretches that John made two realizations at exactly the same time:  there now was a rod of some kind pressed against the side of his thigh, and there had always been a much larger rod lying across his chest.  Well, probably not a rod, the second one, as it seemed to break apart at the end, given the pressure points.  A limb, with branches?  No, and John’s brain didn’t seem to function well when rested, which was something he’d have to think about when he finished thinking about the
Several tables away, a tall black woman dressed in punk attire was drop-dead gorgeous, but with an approachable air.  John had taken two steps toward her when the zombie next to her started crowding her toward the small dance floor.  She had a lovely laugh, what he could hear of it through the zombie’s moans of “Daaaannnce!”
John fumed throughout scrounging up enough cash for the cab, all during the cab ride, and as he made his way past coppers and forensics and who the hell knows what toward where Sherlock was sitting in the back of an ambulance.  He calmed enough to listen to a report from the nearest paramedic, which told him Sherlock would have pretty spectacular bruising but was otherwise ok.  He confirmed there’d been no head injury, and then turned to Sherlock.
“You also might find it interesting that he and Sherlock were both tiger keepers.  Like in that show Tiger King.  And they were supposed to collaborate, in order to save this tiger park, but they did it in the most annoying way possible, clashes and snits and some rum accusations from Sherlock.  I ended up being the one to get Sherlock to calm down and see things more reasonably, without past slights and competitions interfering.  Never you mind how I did it, but I did, and realized I need to be doing more of that in real life.
When three identical glares trained on him, the timidity of his smile went from completely feigned to partly real, but
After dinner that evening, Dr. John H. Watson, took a peeled banana out of the refrigerator and ate it, as a nutritious and tasty treat.
He blinked, but before he could even formulate his response, Molly went on, “Sorry, sorry, did that sound cross?  I didn’t mean to sound cross.  Sherlock mentioned you're home all the time, and I only was curious why, being a doctor, because you’re normally an ‘on the front lines’ sort of person…”
“There isn’t enough time for me to review the topic thoroughly with you, but you may be able to follow one fairly simple technique for surreptitious surveillance, which is--”
Rotating his head just enough for his lips to clear the cotton of the pillowcase, Sherlock informed John, “There’s an app on my phone.  It’s connected to Rosie’s monitor.  You don’t need the actual unit.”
“Go on,” she ‘whispered’ across the bar-height table they were standing around (drinking always did weird things to her volume control).  “Find a bird to snog!”  Gemma and the other girls giggled, and Harry joined in, and at least somebody was having fun at this thing.
“Wager won,” she said; John had no idea what she was talking about.  “Your assistance was, in truth, quite valuable, so um, thank you.”  Looking away from him, across the table, she continued, “Ladies,” and then before he could even throw down his cane to clutch at her waist, set down his pint to cup her head and coax her into bringing her lips back to his, she was gone.
Is John telling this tale in a roundabout way, using rather long sentences, as a way to avoid getting to the heart of the matter where he will have to admit awkwardly things he’d rather not and submit to the mortifying ordeal of being known?
“It was a fancy dress party,” John reminded them. He’d had nothing by way of costume pieces, having just been in the Army; Harry’s friends had come up with the idea and then lent him the makeup, wig, and suit.  “I was dressed as David Bowie.”
The man looked over John’s left shoulder.  “Ah, Molly, coffee. Thank you.”  He handed John’s phone back before taking a mug from a woman in a lab coat.  “What happened to the lipstick?”
thought John, and when Mike said to the man, “Sorry, it’s in my coat,” John decided to take this opportunity to be of service.
Sherlock probably would, but anyway, the case.  Remember how Sherlock’s written up the hundreds of types of ash?  He used that analysis on this case.
“Oh.  Thanks.  Hold on.”  He lifted the sheet and could just about see his pants, so he crawled down to retrieve them.  Crawling back, he amused himself by nudging Sherlock from under the sheet like a cat.  When he finally had his pants on and had emerged from the covers, he was ready for whatever Sherlock wanted to talk about.  Although he hoped it wasn’t anything gruesome enough to put him off breakfast.  “Ready.”
“His royal nibs is in quite the temper. Christ, if I didn’t need him on this so badly, I’d have one of the lads duct tape him up and drive him home. If one of the forensic techs doesn’t kill him, Donovan will. Please, John, calm him the fuck down before all hell breaks loose.”
And, Sherlock had been right. He really didn’t need the money. It would be different if it had meant food out of Sherlock’s mouth or something, but the man had very few expenses. He had no debt, barely bought food, and never bought clothes. All of his bespoke suits, trousers and shirts were gifts from either his parents or Mycroft who had no idea what else to get him for Christmases and birthdays. John suspected that was why his shirts were so snug; they were going off of measurements that were likely ten years old. Sherlock spent money on four things: rent, taxis, and his homeless network. And now Rosie.
“You have,” John whispered as he thought about another Christmas and a bullet fired into the occipital region of one Charles Augustus Magnussen, blackmailer extraordinaire.
Just as he was debating giving up this ridiculous plan and attempting to locate the bottle of Scotch Lestrade had given John for his birthday, John began to settle, the sounds becoming less ragged and harsh, breathing settled into a more normal pattern and John’s arms came up seemingly of their own accord, as he clung to Sherlock, burying his face in the detective’s chest. Helplessly, Sherlock returned the embrace, resting his cheek atop John’s tucked head. He was completely and utterly baffled as to what to do.
“Shit, man!” screamed Brawn. “You fucking wanker!” In the corner of his mind not currently looking for a way out, John mused that the quality of Brawn's curses were highly repetitive, but more important was that here was his chance. Brawn was trying to wipe the worst off his clothes, while the other two made disgusted noises and offered crumpled paper tissues. No-one seemed to mind him for a few precious seconds. He picked a direction to run in, gathered himself quickly and was about to make his move when strong hands grabbed his upper arms.
He had just stretched out on his bed when his mobile announced an incoming text message. With a sigh, John retrieved the phone. Checking the message, he saw to his relief that it wasn't from Sherlock.
In either case, it was too late to change tactics now. The door opened and Mrs Hudson beamed out at them. “John!” she exclaimed. “Sherlock said you'd been injured, poor man, are you all right? What happened?”
Time passes. Time stands still. The fire in the fireplace flickers eternally, casting light and shadow over the two men. Somewhere else, a world is waiting.
"Sure", she replied, and John went to fetch the drinks. He elbowed his way to the bar through a gaggle of young women out on a hen night, earning some good-natured ribbing and laughter. Soon, he returned to the booth, a gin and tonic for Siobhan in one hand, a pint of lager for himself in the other, and a grin on his face.
John tucked himself away and turned around. He was faced by three men in their late teens, maybe early twenties he thought, in jeans, t-shirts and hooded sweatshirts, each holding a can of cheap lager and sniggering at him.
John took a few small sips of water and sighed. “Doctor John Watson”, he replied wearily. “I thought it was established that I don't have a concussion?”
Materials. Generic heavy-duty bin bags. Obtainable at any supermarket. No lead there. Latex gloves with cornstarch as lubrication: surgical gloves. Victim's skin smelling of chlorhexidine, the antiseptic component in surgical scrub and hospital soaps. Conclusion: Victim was washed thoroughly before being wrapped in the bin bags, thereby removing all traces of bacteria or other materials that would make a location traceable.
“Stephanie. You're quite the charmer.” She was making a few notes on a clipboard. “Okay, John. Next, can you tell me the date?”
John huffed a laugh. “I might want to borrow your coat again”, he said, “I like the way it smells...”
Sherlock took a mental step backwards and inspected the case construct. He breathed out in frustration. Too many empty nodes; not enough information. And quite a few nodes where John's input would be needed. He opened his eyes and looked at his mobile. It was twenty past three in the morning and John hadn't come home yet. The date went well, Sherlock concluded, and it was unlikely that John would be home before nine o'clock the next morning. There was nothing he could do on the case, nothing but wait until John got back. He might as well go to bed.
Sherlock was of the firm opinion that the lift taking him up to the ward John was in was probably the slowest in the whole of the United Kingdom. He was through the lift doors before they had completely opened, down a corridor and into a waiting area when he heard the commotion further down the ward. He started running when he recognised one of the voices as John's, who sounded pained and in distress.
All the frustration and unexamined sentiment Sherlock was feeling suddenly came to a head and, dropping the cigarette, he rounded on Lestrade, eyes blazing and voice full of barely suppressed anger. "This is not John stepping out for a quick jog around Regent's Park, Lestrade. John has for reasons unknown forgotten or suppressed
“Yes, John”, Sherlock repeated, but didn't leave the bedside until John had swallowed the pills and drained the water. He took the glass and the tray of food from him, reclined the bed and helped John  lie down in a comfortable position, then sat down on the chair again.
“How 'bout now?” Brawn pushed John upright by his shoulder, then recoiled when John started to throw up. Distantly, John knew that it was the punch to the solar plexus that made his alcohol-filled stomach rebel, but most of his mind was taken up by the fact that he had just puked all over the man who had punched him, and who now looked furious, clothes stained with vomit.
John was so engrossed in his relief that he didn't hear the footsteps approaching his impromptu toilet, and he was taken by surprise by the rough, taunting voices. “Oi, mate! Havin' a bit of wank, are we?” Sneering laughter followed this question, and a second voice chimed in. “That's proper dirty that is.”
The barmaid looked at him, and he imagined seeing pity in her eyes. That wouldn't do, he decided, and waved at her to get a bag of crisps and another pint.
Of course, it turned out to be far easier said than done, as there was a lot of paperwork to be gone through first to get John discharged. Once he had signed all the necessary forms, glad that he could at least remember his name, John was left alone in his room. He stripped off the hospital gown, crumpled it into a ball and threw it onto the bed, glad to be rid of it. Now naked, he upended the bag containing what were supposedly his clothes and stood looking at them, feeling for all the world like he'd been given a random Oxfam bag. He eyed the underpants suspiciously and decided against them. It wouldn't be the first time he went commando, and putting on what seemed like another man's worn pants just seemed wrong.
. He raised his hands to his face, touching his skin with disbelief. His heart was pounding, and though beads of sweat appeared on his forehead, he shivered as if cold. He felt dizzy and disoriented. This was impossible. What the
“Thirteen,” Sherlock supplied testily. “Really, John. Are you sure we can’t squeeze a Christmas goose in there too? Why can’t we just give out gift baskets like other people, if we must celebrate this crass, commercial time of the year?” Sherlock grumbled as he bent down to locate his socks and came up with a square of paper folded into eights, the perfect size to fit into the hip pocket of a pair of jeans. “What’s this?”
John chanced a glance at Sherlock, resigned. Resigned to what, he didn’t quite know, but resigned nevertheless…only to discover that Sherlock wasn’t looking at him. Well, he was and he wasn’t. He wasn’t looking at John per se, but he was absolutely fixated on the point where the silicone dildo still rested snugly in John’s arse.
John paused in the act of buttering a slice of toast. Which brain was thinking? Was it The Hard Drive, which meant he could be in imminent need of Lestrade to come fish them out of the Thames following the successful apprehension of a serial arsonist near the dock? Or was it Big Brain, in which case he may have concluded that John’s bisexuality meant that they needed to engage in a ménage-a-trois this weekend?
“What?” Mycroft demanded. “If he had just told you, you would be dead. You would have either followed him, or you would have been unable to realistically sustain the not-so-polite fiction that Sherlock had committed suicide in the immediate aftermath of the events when you were under the most intense scrutiny imaginable. Don’t flatter yourself, doctor; you’re not that good of an actor.”
He looked at the bluish fingertips peeking out from the bandage and prayed that she would at least get to keep her hand even if it would never be more than partially functional ever again. At this point, Harry’s physicians were cautiously optimistic that she would survive this. She had been suffering serious blood loss upon arrival the previous evening and her kidneys had begun to shut down. Her blood tests, specifically ALT and AST, were showing signs of liver cirrhosis.
“What’s wrong?” John demanded, worried now but not sure why. Everyone he cared for was safe at Baker Street, so far as he knew.
“I haven’t lost my mind,” John wheezed, still chuckling. “Just the way you said that…It was hysterical,” John concluded on a soft laugh.
Sherlock’s head snapped to attention, eyes glittering blackly with the lamp light framed behind him, interest now laser focused.
Sighing a most put upon sigh, Sherlock rolled to his left. John felt the wet slide as Sherlock’s flaccid cock was withdrawn, and he took his first sweet, deep gulp of air.
“You need to come pretty much right now, probably a couple of times and then again in the morning,” John interrupted, taking a deep breath as he finished. “I was listening, you know,” he said with a soft, self-deprecating smile, more than a little bemused at this strange turn of events.
“Makes the previous events seem almost inevitable,” Sherlock said quietly as he turned off the lamp.
“You were wrong. Sherlock doesn’t love me. Not sure about Rosie. I didn’t ask,” John said dully, drinking down another gulp of the smooth, very expensive whiskey and holding his cup out blindly toward Mycroft awaiting a refill.
“Watson……John,” Sherlock corrected after a brief hesitation. “Remember I once told you that potential flat mates should know the worst about each other right from the beginning?”
John tucked the small package into his somewhat baggy bomber style leather jacket as he prepared to leave the clinic, checking his reflection one last time in the bathroom mirror to make sure the outlines didn’t show.
Privately he had contacted Mycroft and demanded a meeting, whereupon he read the British Government the riot act. How could Sherlock’s genius older brother send a man who barely remembered to eat on the best of days and had a troubling propensity for throwing himself into the midst of the most dangerous situations imaginable, without thought or hesitation, possibly send Sherlock to Thailand, the heroin capitol of the world--without adult supervision?
“Right,” John muttered as he stood up and headed for the loo. “Don’t touch that,” John called over his shoulder just as Sherlock’s fingers reached John’s computer.
“C’mon, Sherlock,” he mumbled tiredly as he slung his legs over the side of the bed, suppressed a groan and sat up fully, leaned over and began fumbling for his jeans, hoping that they were somewhere within an arm span of the bed.
He clears his throat. For some reason his  mouth has gone dry and his tongue feels as if its made out of wood.
Sherlock sprang to his feet within seconds and before he realized what was happening he was pulling John up with him.
John's hand is still on his and ever so gently his warm fingers squeeze Sherlock's cold ones underneath.
He has found Sherlock's note, as Sherlock knew he would, and he is now here in answer to its request.
Sherlock Holmes just couldn't seem to be able to figure John Watson out and for once in his life he was genuinely enjoying not being able to figure something out.
'He'll turn up. He always does. Though I wouldn't mind if he stayed away for at least a month more', a kitchen maid named Mary whispered to him before she got shushed by Mrs. Hudson.
And by the time the first faint rays of sunlight were creeping lazily over the horizon it had also slowly started to dawn on me that, perhaps, I had surprised John just a little bit too much with my sudden appearance here.
Sherlock bends forward over his desk as far as he dares in an attempt to catch at least some of their conversation.
“Every person who possesses magical powers is forced to join 'The Order of Mages'”, he says, “once you are part of the order they send you on trips to close rifts in the veil or.......get rid of......creatures.... that have crept through.....and they make you look for that idiotic
He was hoping he could go and see John again this morning but it is already later than he had any intention of it to be.
His father's voice thundered in his ears. Every single syllable was filled with rage and fire. From the corners of his eyes he could see a couple of servants make a hasty retreat.
He was an unbonded, unarmed omega, all alone in a field, miles away from home and almost an hours walk away from his horse.
He is drowning in John, in sensations, in..........there is a bright light forming at the back of his mind and it blinks into existence shortly every time John bottoms out.
There's an iv attached to the back of his left hand and a heart rate monitor is attached to his chest through several wires that disappear beneath the neckline of his pajamas.
I am not going to make any promises about a possible update schedule because you all know I never keep them.....but for now it seems I'm back!
“With you leaving for England....and me going to army training in two months......in case neither of us ever comes back here.....I just want part of us to stay here forever......Proof that we were here......proof of what we found.......”
He turns himself around in bed yet again. If he keeps looking at Holmes' sleeping form he'll never be able to fall asleep.
John finds he's not even surprised. Somehow, Sherlock being fluent in Italian seems to be the most logical thing about everything that has happened today.
For a moment he forgets his damaged face and bites his lip only to grimace when a fresh drop of blood wells up again.
Unsure he looked at Holmes, but he had already dismounted and was in the process of tying his horse to a nearby tree. John decided to do the same.
Part of Sherlock is actually happy at the fact that John's first time with a girl seems to not have been the earth shattering experience he had hoped it would be. Another part of him feels terribly guilty about that.
But when he reached the swarm this time it was not just the corpse of master Holmes that he found. It was his own corpse as well. Eyes gone, hair matted with blood and as his gaze drifted down to the pool of blood on the grass beneath them that he now shared with his master he saw that their hands were clasped tightly together. Their fingers intertwined.
She tells him of the darkness that waits to envelop the world beyond the Veil and of the King that waits to consume all. She tells him that the King needs to be stopped but she cannot do it herself.
As always: thank you very much for reading, giving kudos, subcribing, bookmarking and commenting. You have no idea how much this means to me.
“Why not?”, John says, “I've been stuck in this small town for years now. My life isn't going anywhere. I want to see something of the world. I want my life to have meaning. I want to matter.....make a difference.......do you understand?”
When he realized we never exchanged phone numbers and so had no way to contact each other ever again.
John's father wasn't quite sure how to continue and after an uncomfortable moment of silence he decided to go a different route.
As John looks down at the table he notices the empty plate on his side of the table. There are remains of a half eaten breakfast on the one in front of Holmes.
And yet, he had not been as surprised as he thought he should have been. Maybe he had suspected something like this all along?
The sarcasm that hangs on his words is almost visible but, for the time being, Finn seems to choose to ignore it. He only slightly raises an eyebrow as he crosses his legs.
Sherlock takes one last long drag from his cigarette before it finds itself a home in the ashtray with the other discarded ends.
“You mustn't go back beyond the veil!” she says. A sharp panic clinging to the edges of her words. “Promise me, Sherlock!”
And if John was his sun and he was the moon.....wasn't that how things had been between them as well.
The doors of the bus opened and closed to let another late night traveler in and as the gust of cold air pushed forward by the closing doors hit him John shivered.
Once again his words flow like a refreshing breeze on a hot day. From the corner of his eye he can see John smiling at him.
Carefully Sherlock sat down again and without hesitation John put his head back on his shoulder. Sherlock didn't seem to mind.
John had never seen a flower quite like it before and he decided he would take it with him. Maybe press it at home and study it further.
They both just laughed then. A sound that sent chills down John's spine. These were no human voices. They belonged to fairies. There was no mistaking the almost song-like cadence of their words. How they rolled their 'R's' and wrapped their tongues around their 'L's' much like Sherlock had done when he had been teaching him the names of the flowers on their first meeting.
“I don't know”, John says but then continues to give a reason anyway, “my dad's a GP. I'm supposed to become a doctor as well.....take over the family practice and I just.....I guess I panicked. I just didn't like the feeling of having my entire life already planned out for me with not a chance of adventure, something exciting......unexpected..... so I just.....I stopped going..”
“Caring is not an advantage”, the words slip out before Sherlock is able to stop himself. He glances sideways at John to see if he has angered him but there is still a soft expression on his face as he stares off into the fire seemingly unseeing. The smile on his face is relaxed and gentle but the corners of his mouth droop down slightly as memories he has not thought about in years drift in front of his mind's eye.
On top of that his shoulder was giving him trouble and riding a horse for hours on end without any pleasant conversation to distract him was not doing him any favours either.
He takes three more rasping breaths before his breathing evens out to something more calm and less desperate and feral.
John felt as if a weight had been lifted from him. With Sherlock acting the way he did today he had been afraid Sherlock was going to cancel their study sessions altogether. John liked their study sessions. He liked Sherlocks company. He didn't want things to be over.
John is smiling again and Sherlock can feel the start of the all-consuming fire that they have kindled together starting up inside of him.
Once again Holmes' actions had been strange and out of character. He very much doubted he had been asked to come along just because Holmes needed an “assistant”.
Even if this is just a hallucination or if John has only come to say goodbye he would like to make it last for as long as possible.
“Sherlock?” Finn says. A small hint of fear clings to his voice now only Sherlock isn't sure whether he's actually heard it or if his fragmented mind is making up all kinds of things. He's not even sure anymore if Finn is actually here or not.
'It's cold out, isn't it?' Mary said. John barely registered it. He was too busy trying to shake the memories of his father's cold and pale face from his mind. How he had looked when John had found him. Lifeless, his mouth opened in something resembling a scream, but no sound was coming out. No sound would ever pass those lips ever again. And John, being just a child still, faced with death for the first time in his life, had screamed for him.
There is a moment of very awkward silence between the two of them as neither of them moves or speaks.
He was not so stupid as to believe he had actually defeated her, back there, inside the mist, inside his mind palace.
John on the other hand felt his mouth go dry as sheer panic took control of him. His homophobic mother and his secret, brilliant, but completely insane boyfriend together in the same room. At least once a week. What could possibly go wrong.
The serene look on John's face once again makes way for a grin. He seems years younger again. Sherlock feels a weight lift from his chest.
Sherlock's lips are already parted slightly and John kisses them both separately. First the top and then the bottom lip.
But, just like every other time she's pondered on this subject, she feels she has done the right thing.
“My horse.....Oh.....yes....eventually....I just.....I thought......that perhaps....I could catch you here before you headed out for work again.”
“Oh....John”, he says, “yes.....quite obviously this is the work of a demon. Meant to send us a message. We need to make sure it's not still in the house.....I cannot let any more innocents die because of me.”
Frantically they both roam the ballroom but young Miss Hooper seems to have disappeared into thin air.
'John', here Sherlock had taken both of his hands in his. It had felt like a goodbye, 'to live forever without you would be a fate worse than death.'
“Oh....no....I didn't....God....I hadn't even thought about that....I  mean......what an idiot am I...”
It was Thursday again and, once again, John found himself in the changing rooms with the rest of the rugby team. Training had just ended and with no more classes scheduled that day the rest of the boys in Johns team were getting ready to leave.
It's nothing short of a miracle that John is even still here now that he knows even a little bit about the drugs.
“Will you please get the key, John?”. He's decided to go for the nice approach. Maybe John can be persuaded to end his prank prematurely if he just remains calm and kind......easier said than done.
At theater-class Sherlock ends up teaming up with John when Mrs. Scott gives them another improv-exercise to warm up.
“You said I would do great things but it would cost me dearly. I have lost much. I have paid the price and yet....I have not done anything of great consequence. You lied to me when I was just a child and it has cost me everything.”
“There's still a lot you don't know about me.” he ended up saying. The words just as cold and sharp as the laugh.
The voice is coming from behind him. For a moment he thinks it's Mycroft trying to give him some kind of comforting speech he doesn't need one final time......but he knows this voice.....this is not Mycroft's voice.......then he thinks he must be hallucinating......he might as well be with the way he feels right now.
John's chuckle turns into an actual giggle and he hears Sherlock softly chuckling at his side too now. Sherlock doesn't laugh often but the sound is something John will cherish for the rest of his life. It makes him seem so young.....carefree......lovely.
“Can we not talk in front of your brother though.....”, John says. He rubs the back of his neck as an apologetic smile is on his face “he kind of creeps me out.”
John knew he should get up, but somehow he couldn't quite bring himself to do it. He convinced himself it was because of Sherlock's hands holding him down in the small of his back although there was barely any strength to the grip at all. If he wanted to he could break the loop of the alpha's arms quite easily. If he wanted to....
It also feels good to have a purpose to his life again. Something beyond cleaning out stalls, mending roofs, trimming trees......
“John....”, Greg says again as he sits down beside him. John turns his head to look at him and the expression he finds on his friends face can only be described as one of sympathetic concern.
I try to tell him I wasn't thinking (although I absolutely was) but he doesn't let me. His mouth is hungry and determined now and he swallows down everything I give him.
The strands of his hair turning to golden fire as the late afternoon light weaves itself between them while simultaneously drawing out more and more freckles on his sensitive skin.
“I won't”, Sherlock replies. And of course he won't. Even though he might not like hearing what John wants to say to him he would never miss an opportunity to spend time with John. Not ever.
John says nothing more. He fidgets with the seam of his jeans. The sleeves of his shirt. His eyes are cast down to where he twists his fingers in his lap.
He had known it might rain today but he had not expected the weather to change quite so quickly or so violently.
'If only I was a drop of rain', he muttered to himself, 'at least I'd be on the other side of the glass.'
The line beeps on and Sherlock makes due by making up the other end of the conversation in his head.
Forging documents and handwriting has always been one of his specialties and it has helped him out of a difficult situation more than once.
As it turned out John did not need to worry for long. It only took a turn around the next corner to find Sherlock and almost physically bump in to him.
This story just reached 100 subscribers and that is about 100 more than I ever thought it would get.
He lets the sentence peter out. Lets the clouds of his words drift away and dissipate into the darkness that surrounds us. It's as if there are so many words left inside of him still but he doesn't know how to use them and so all that comes out are these half formed strings of sentences and  thoughts that he never quite finishes.
They find themselves laughing hysterically again. It takes them even longer to quiet down this time.
Now that he is no longer in close proximity to John he can feel the magic inside of him wane somewhat. It is slowly trickling away, melting, like the frosting on leaves disappearing in the light of the morning sun.
'Maybe you should be', Sherlock said as, this time, he did extend both his hands and pulled John against him. Their foreheads once again close together as Sherlock's hands were held securely in the small of John's back and John's hands found their way into the raven curls he loved so dearly.
But before he had time to ponder on what it all meant his own corpse shifted suddenly, lifted its head and turned its empty eye-sockets on him and as it did so John noticed his own corpse had a rope pulled tightly around its neck. The corpse proceeded to open its mouth and more blood began oozing out, drenching his chin and shirt and with a voice that resembled the croaking of a magpie a little bit too much it started to speak. The words sounded like a warning: 'Beware the king' it had said.
Once the performance is over the other students use the party to let loose, get rid of their costumes and make-up and become themselves again instead of the parts they have been playing.
Once again a steady beeping fills Sherlock's ears. No one picked up this time. After a minute the line disconnected on its own.
John chuckles again and Sherlock is afraid he might faint. But fainting would leave him on the floor....face down in between John's underwear.....and so he remains standing. Just barely.
When John doesn't come back but only says “oh no” again, slightly louder this time, Sherlock hazards a glance through the partially opened door.
He landed on the ground on his back rather ungracefully as Sherlock's body toppled on top of him, only catching himself at the last moment, bracing both his arms next to John's head so as to avoid crushing the growing baby in his belly.
John is still very tense. His mood dark. It's as if a storm-cloud has drifted in front of Sherlock's usually radiant and warm sun. He desperately wants it to move away.
“John”, he says, John stops walking and patiently waits for him to continue talking, “you are not a failure.”
“Well, if that's the criteria we're using whether we start a conversation or not”, he spits out, “I'm amazed I ever get to talk to you at all.”
News of the surrounding areas and families reached the household on a regular basis and with Mary's fondness of gossip she made sure John heard all of it and then some, but never did she speak a word of Holmes and the one and only time John had asked her whether there was some news about him she just gave an exasperated sigh and said: 'I'm sure he'll turn up sometime, John. Like a stray dog....or a weed....he is impossible to get rid off.'
Some of his thoughts might be written on his face for John to read again because suddenly John just laughs.
He finds that their afternoons together have quickly become the highlight of his week. And how could they not?
With the loud music thumping around them John needs to raise his voice in order for Sherlock to hear him but he also does not want any of the other party-goers to overhear what they are talking about so in the end his words come out as a sort of 'shouted whisper' between clenched teeth.
I reach behind me and take his wrists in my hands one at a time and push them up until I have him pinned with his hands next to his head.
“I'm glad to see you're out and about again”, Finn finally says as he looks at Holmes. Holmes does his very best to look anywhere
'He's pretty', She said as She cocked her head just a little bit too far to look completely natural, 'I like blonds.'
He is, however, only holding on to one of her arms. With her free hand Molly undoes the clasp of her silver bracelet and lets it fall to the ground.
There was a soft smile around Sherlock's lips again as he glanced at John from underneath his messy fringe playfully. There were leaves stuck in his hair now as well. Probably a remnant from his climb up the side of the house. John barely resisted the urge to brush them away.
John comes to the conclusion that he has had enough of being so far away from Sherlock. He manages to hoist himself out of the venus-fly trap these people call a sofa and makes his way over to Sherlock.
John felt as if he had spent this entire evening lost for words. What was he even still doing here if Holmes so very clearly didn't want him here. He felt awkward and out of place. The situation only made worse by his masters lack of clothing and the intimate feel of the dark room with it's flickering candles.
When they arrived at the lake early in the morning they had found it quite deserted. The water seeking residents of their small town usually preferred going to the larger lake a couple of miles further down the road. During the summer season that one usually had kayaks for hire and an actual ice-cream stand which clearly made it the superior lake.
At the moment Holmes is crouched down beside the body, his face a tight grimace while his nostrils flare. John can tell how much this all affects him. How much he is beating himself up over this. How much he blames himself....
“It's a magpie”, John said. The words having found their way past his lips before he could stop himself.
Sherlock heaves another sigh of relief as he reaches the door. His hand resting on the knob. Ready to open it in just a second....
Since Holmes had been the first to get in at the estate of Lord Huntington he is now the last to get out.
Sherlock tried looking at her, but by now the internal fire had traveled further upwards and it nestled behind his eyes and made him see stars as his vision blurred.
'I deal with the dark side of it. It is my job to keep the monsters at bay', Holmes had continued and John had felt the pieces falling into place. During his time in the army he of course had heard the stories too. Stories of unnatural armies. Dark creatures that would only come out at night. Wiping out entire battalions under the cover of darkness. Descriptions of strange creatures that resembled humans, but only in a grotesque mocking way with wide mouths filled with black slime and razor teeth, limbs just a bit too long for their bodies, sharp claws where fingers should be and an almost animal-like speed had been known to almost every soldier. Especially the ones who had been stationed to the North.
If John is saying what he thinks he's saying.....what he hopes he's saying......but he doesn't dare to hope.......not now.....this feels unreal.....like a dream......he finds he doesn't want to wake up. He wants to stay out here forever. With John close. Their hands on top of each other. Just them. Like they haven't been for years. And it's still not the same as it used to be. It's more....somehow.....or, at least, it feels like it has the potential to be more.
If only he had realized sooner.....if only he had pressed Sherlock more to talk about himself....if only......
He shifts his weight from one foot to the other as he looks himself up and down in the mirror again.
“Oh, I know”, Sherlock says rather nonchalantly and for some reason the careless tone of his voice hurts John way more than any rage filled tirade of Sebastian.
And then there were his eyes. From his hiding spot in the hallway well across the room he couldn't make out their color, but it was almost as if they shone with a light of their own. A light you could only really tell was there when you were looking directly at them.
Someone moans....it might be him....it might be Watson....it might be the both of them.......Sherlock is having trouble discerning where he ends and Watson begins.
The sun feels far too warm on his face but when he looks out the window he finds there is still a cloud covering it.
He groaned, flopped down on his belly on his bed and buried his face in his pillow. Maybe if he tried to sleep......
But since I had multiple chapters to work with I felt I had space and time to flesh out their relationship a bit more.
In this memory a much younger Sherlock is sitting in his brother's study. He is seated on one side of the large desk that stands in front of the window and Mycroft is sitting on the opposite side.
The question his father asked him as John was sitting by a window in the dining hall, watching the rain run down the glass in thick streams, had not come as a total surprise, but John still felt a little bit taken aback by it.
Andrew and I are hardly 'always together'. We see each other in biology-class and he sometimes joins Molly and I for lunch but that's about it.
The rest of their journey was pretty uneventful. The sun had started to rise further, as it had done on countless mornings prior and would probably keep doing so indefinitely and by doing so it had cast a golden light that reflected quite beautifully off of Holmes dark, dew soaked, curls. John was mesmerized. Once again he was reminded of a fairy prince when he looked at his lord and master and he had half a mind of telling him so now that the atmosphere between them felt so amicable and relaxed, but in the end he decided to keep his thoughts to himself.
But still.....even for the time of night John finds the room exceptionally dark. He can just make out the thick carpet beneath their feet and part of a table covered with a sheet a few paces ahead of him but the rest of their surroundings are drenched in inky nothingness.
Sherlock contemplates protesting but he's pretty sure it'll just encourage Greg even more so he drinks his now lukewarm coffee instead. It tastes awful now that John is no longer here. As if, when he left, John had somehow taken all the warmth and taste in the world with him as well.
“I'm sorry I made you feel that way”, I say. Because today I'm just sorry for so many things. For so many missed opportunities and things left unsaid. For just assuming and jumping to conclusions. For....
“Are you sure you're alright?”, I try again. Because if he's not he needs to know that I am here for him, whatever is going on. That I would probably do
Ah, now this is more familiar territory at least. Sherlock takes a sip from his tea. The liquid is only lukewarm. Evidently his step-mother has been waiting here for him for quite a while.
A silent understanding had been formed between him and his other team mates over the past few weeks and they'd usually just let John go off on his own on Thursdays without giving him too much of a hard time. Today, however, Sebastian seemed to be unwilling to let the subject go.
John has probably had sex before, maybe not with guys but he has a reputation at school after all.....but I haven't......this was my first time......and I wonder if it showed.
The days have become warmer and warmer now that the year has slowly started to progress towards summer and the oncoming heat does not sit well with the Dark-Elf.
“John?”, Mary asks again. She's standing close. With the fingers of her left hand she holds his right arm. The gesture is meant to comfort and reassure him but to John her grip feels icy cold.
Then Holmes raises his hands in the dark and folds them together, he peers in the gap between them and then gently blows some air through the space between his fingers and palms.
When it is just the two of them this difference always seems to bother him less. John's gentle touches and soft kisses coaxing all doubt and self-consciousness out of him. But now that they have an audience, even if it is just John's father, and they have to keep a fair distance between them. Pretending they are nothing more than friends. Somehow Sherlock feels less sure. About what had happened between them. After John had initially kissed him. After what he still sees as the greatest night of his entire life. All of that seems so incredibly unlikely in the bright light of the sun with several feet of distance between them and John's attention not focused on him but on the task at hand.
For a moment the only reply John could give to this was a stunned silence as he hazarded a glance to his side.
That is....if the phone John uses even has a cord. He realizes he doesn't know. He's never bothered to ask. He'll ask John next time they talk.
With the remains of the cigarette only partially extinguished a thin trail of smoke still rises from its tip.
'Well, I'd take you over him any time.' the nobleman said as he led his horse towards John, handing him the reins.
With John's strong arms around him he now finds that there's something comforting and familiar to the monotone sound of the drops hitting the windows and walls of his room.
John cast his eyes up towards the moon. With it being a full moon the large clearing in the trees before him was bathed in a sickly white, unfeeling and altogether otherwordly light. It made him feel uneasy and restless.
He had looked gaunt and pale and tired and by that time the many rounds of chemo had stolen all of his once so unruly hair.
“It's alright”, Bill says. He's trying to sound reassuring but with every word he says Sherlock feels a panic rise within him. If only John were here to tell him what to do. He's not good with social situations.....social problems....that's what he has John for. He's lost at sea and as he opens his mouth to reply that seems to have become more fact than metaphor as water apparently flows in and he feels himself suffocating and unable to form a coherent sentence.
Snatched away Hooper before the King could have his fun and then......maimed his favourite demon. The Dark Man.
Finn gives him a sly grin that, for the briefest of moments, has a hint of deep sadness and melancholy to it.
Because it's easy to talk to Andrew. It's comfortable. There is at least a part of him that understands where I'm coming from. What I'm going through.
She gives me another smile with too much sadness in it, drops her bag on the floor next to the empty chair at the opposite side of the table and sits herself down.
The anger he felt rising inside him the main reason why he gripped his reins just a little bit tighter as he gritted his teeth in an attempt to keep in the words that, if they were to somehow find themselves a way past his tightly pursed lips, he would most certainly regret.
John had heard of the Holmes family. There probably wasn't a single soul alive in Scotland who hadn't. They owned pretty much....everything. Rich beyond your wildest dreams, more land to their name than all of the lands of the other lords combined and, it was rumored, Holmes senior was even called on as an adviser by the kings and queens of foreign nations.
So he just spent the rest of the day in bed feeling like utter crap, lamenting his current situation and wishing he was dead.
A long arm was draped around him and John nestled his face in the crook of Sherlocks neck. He sighed contentedly. 'You smell nice.'
The last thing Sherlock remembers from that moment is John gently lowering him into the car and pulling his seatbelt around him.
He looks a bit like a fallen angel right now. Lacking his wings but not yet completely devoid of his heavenly grace.
I had imagined I would find the once familiar city changed beyond recognition after so many years but to my surprise I found that a lot was still the same.
I expect him to politely decline, to leave me there just as I had left him but once again he surprises me as he just shrugs and smiles and says: “yeah, sure....okay.”
He had sat with his back against a tree, his arms slung around his knees, tears streaming down his face as his breath came in big, panicked sobs.
He knows exactly how to hide just so, so that John can't see him from where he's at work behind the bar inside.
The candles on the nightstand flickered as he gingerly set himself down on the right side of the bed beside Holmes.
And so John makes his way to the door as well and stops Sherlock by putting a hand on his arm just as he is about to turn the knob.
“Everything's fine, Mrs. Hudson. I just misunderstood what Mary said to me....that's all. I should get to the orchard. You're right: I've got plenty of work of my own to see to. Sorry to have bothered you over nothing.”
The card game had been John's idea and he had half expected Holmes to just politely decline when he brought it up.
Finn and Mycroft had been standing a little further on the grass. A spell hiding them from Sherlock's eyes and ears. At that point he had still been too inexperienced to see through it.
Something softer and more familiar. Something simpler than this complicated web of emotions that seems to have formed itself between them these last few months.
Their ride back from the field had been silent. Only once more had Holmes asked him if he had seen anything on the field and once more John had denied it. They had not spoken of anything else after that. There had been none of the friendly conversation that had made the trip there so agreeable
To Sherlock? Would Sherlock even be at the meadow? And if he wasn't.....how much safety could the meadow still provide to him. He remembered what he had overheard the two fairies say last time he was there and shuddered.
'I thought....' Sherlock started. And then he stopped. Suddenly he saw what Johns family had been gathered around. A small wooden cross stood amidst the tall grass at the side of the road. Easy to miss if you weren't looking for it. On the wood there were letters and numbers. Today's date, only three years ago. And a name:
“I.....erm.....”, Greg says. He rubs the back of his neck again, is silent for a couple of seconds, clears his throat and then tries again, “you look nice today....I.....erm....I like your hair like that.”
'Yes, I am gay John. I'm sure you've heard the rumors by now. And no, I'm not planning to make a move on you so there's nothing you need to worry about.'
Sherlock looked just like he remembered him. Tall and strong, but also graceful. Fairy-like indeed. His dark curls shone wherever the sun hit them and his eyes were pools of bright blue light John felt himself drowning in.
Holmes is positively rambling now. Fragments of sentences following each other lightning fast. John only understands half of what he is saying. But before he can confuse John any further Finn speaks again.
Pretty soon the plane starts taxiing, takes off, something that always manages to make John's stomach go a bit queasy, and the stewardesses repeat the safety instructions he's already read.
But for now...in his mind....he calls John his own. As often as he can. For as long as he still can.
Over time all this anger had started to feel like a part of him. Like it was him. A new identity to replace the label that just said “
When I manage to wake up sometime pretty close to noon my head is thrumming so painfully and so loud I am afraid the neighbors might hear it.
“I....erm...”, I say again, “I  met this guy during summer-holiday but that was all the way on the other side of the country so.......”
Finn's eyes bore into John's and all of a sudden he understood. If this medallion really kept you protected and there was only one and, until recently, it had belonged to Holmes. That meant that John was now quite safe and Holmes...was decidedly not.
Even though his brother's words are spoken softly they echo through the high and gloomy halls of the Order.
She's bound to know. Molly always knows all the school-rumors. She was the one who told me about John's supposed relationship with Mary too after all.
If I close my eyes, for a moment, I can almost feel his breath on the skin of my cheek again and the warmth and weight of his body as he pushes himself against me.
Of course he remembers. Mycroft never forgets anything. Of course he remembers “The Incident” as well. Of course he remembers John being there. Sherlock feels as if his humiliation is complete.
John swallowed, trying to regain his voice. 'Nothing', it came out as a croak. He swallowed once more and tried again. 'Nothing.' His voice was slightly less shaky the second time.
The cigarette tastes like death and the inhaled smoke seems reluctant to leave his body as it lines the inside of his mouth and chest.
John seems a bit unsure how to handle Sherlock's sudden fascination with the wall just to the left of his ear.
Where there had once been a soft cupids bow there was now an elongated snout, lips drawn back in a vicious snarl revealing a set of sharp teeth.
He is older now and far less naive and there is very little left in the world that can still frighten him.
Finn is startled out of his melancholic reverie by movement in the Hooper household. There has been a lot of movement today. Young Molly Hooper is moving from room to room. Never staying long in any of them.
There was also talk of mages who had the day they were born taken from them. Very few of those lived a long life. The feeling that everything they experienced and did was based on a lie growing stronger and stronger inside of them until they could not take it anymore.
The elf, straight as a statue, staring ahead at the road and John, riding beside him, occasionally rolling his shoulder trying, and failing, to find some relief for his aching joint.
Mycroft had assured him that these instances were more exceptions than rules and the stories that went around about them were usually greatly embellished. As most stories usually are.
…..When I'm with you”, he says and this time he does look at me, “it's the only time when I feel like myself......when I can be myself.......it's the only time when I actually feel good......about myself......about.......this.....I just need you to make me feel good again, Sherlock.....just....please.”
Startled, John stepped back, a stinging pain in his left leg the result. He hadn't really realized how much he'd been on his feet this evening until now.
It's yet another reason why he has been trying to persuade Sherlock to stop this fruitless search for his brother.
“I think I just need some time”, I say. It might not be fair to mimic his own words back to him but he's not being fair to me either. Maybe this is what we both deserve.
“No, not really, but it is working out in my favour. I'll cloak us both in a disappearance spell for the day, that shouldn't be hard to do if you help my magic along. We'll pretend to return tomorrow and then I'll have Gregson retrieve the carriage. The man doesn't get out nearly enough these days. I'll give him some pocket money. I'm sure he'll enjoy a trip to the inn.”
Definitely good. It was good to have someone he trusted know and yet still not think differently of him.
“What?”, I bite out at her and she flinches as I do so and I wish I could take it back but my words are like angry wasps and I have no control over them right now.
In the distance he can faintly hear Molly scream as Finn calls his name but all sound is quickly drowned out by a monotone low hum and the cackling of Morgana's laugh and after that....nothing but silence and darkness.
“Sherlock.....”, he says again and then he sighs, “I just.....I don't want to talk about it.....alright?”
And as always: thank you all so much for reading. If you like: leave a comment. That would also be awesome.
Last night he hallucinated a man standing at the foot of his bed dressed in a sharp black suit with disproportionate limbs and a grin with sharp teeth that somehow seemed to both fit inside of his face and stretch far beyond it at the same time.
He shakes his head and gives me the barest hint of a smile. In the depth of his eyes there is a sudden softness just waiting to bubble up towards the surface if only he would let it.
It takes him a good 21 seconds, Sherlock knows, he counted, anything to calm his nerves,  but eventually his hand emerges from his bag holding a small plastic bag with a flat rectangular object inside.
He knows it's unfair. Mycroft is a fairly decent cook. His mind is just racing all over the place again. He needs it to stop and he's not sure how. He feels as if he has lost control. In every sense of the word.
John felt exposed. All alone in a strange meadow. And once again he was reminded of the fact that he had failed to bring a weapon.
And on every single one of their encounters Sherlock never gives off  more than an air of bored indifference.
John had flushed, eyes cast down to his feet, the money in his hand, fingers fidgeting, unsure, never been in this situation before, endearing......no....
He looks at his fingers where they rise and fall with the steady pattern of Holmes' chest. He can feel the rhythmic thumping of the man's heartbeat just underneath.
She is afraid that the room around her will grow too dark to see, she will go to sleep and when she wakes up she will find that the spot is no longer on the mirror but part of the waking world. Slowly eating away at her reality.
For a moment John's fingers brush against his and then he's gone. Running back towards the rest of the team. Towards the school building and the showers.
Time seemed to slow down and speed up at the same time as John galloped his horse towards the bent figure on the white steed.
I am surrounded by voices and music from every direction and I feel as if I'm spinning and falling but he anchors me with his thumbs through the belt-loops of my jeans.
turn into something else in the blink of an eye. Something dull and cold and unknown. Something that, until this day, had never existed between us.
Hearing about Johns unfortunate accident and departure from the army Mike had shown himself to be a friend through and through and had helped John get a paid position at the Holmes estate.
Underneath his back is a hard and stiff mattress and underneath the fingers of his limp hands he can feel thick sheets.
“What about him?” Sherlock focuses on his bag again as he stuffs in another shirt that he desperately doesn't need.
I never push him for too much information when he does. I already know enough at this point. I'll let him decide what else he wants to tell me.
Sherlock is sitting in his dressing room. He shares this space with a couple of other students but they have already gone. They're getting ready for the big after-party.
“Would you like some breakfast? The stable-boy brought this up and......”, he isn't really sure how he had wants to finish that sentence and so he just lets it linger in the air between them.
When he did wake up it was well into morning and he was sore all over, but to his relief he found he could walk again. Albeit still with a slight limp.
Only a couple of flights leave here on a daily basis. It's nothing compared to the suffocating crowds that populate O'Hare airport in Chicago at all times.
“Oh Sherlock”, Mycroft says and this time he does put his arm around Sherlock's shoulders and pulls him close. Sherlock still does not look at him but, instead, hides his face in his brother's chest. Mycroft can feel the soft, warm puffs of his breath through his shirt.
“You're a pretty good dancer”, Andrew says, “we should go dancing together again sometime. You had fun too, right?”
So John just turned himself around in the windowsill and started tracing the drops of water again as he pressed his forehead to the cool glass.
For a moment I think it's Andrew and a sense of panic rises from my abdomen to my throat and temporarily steals my breath.
All too soon John finds Sherlock underneath him on the mattress. The sheets and blankets a tangled mess around their legs and feet.
Maybe tomorrow he should try and confront Holmes himself.....maybe he should forget about him altogether.....maybe......
“Thank you”, he says, “I would just like to follow up on this as soon as possible....my father's entry here is quite.......out of the ordinary.”
John silently smiled to himself as he heard her mutter a curse as she seemed to bump into something as she tried to make her way through the ill lit barn.
“I remember everything”, his words are spoken softly, no more than a whisper as his eyes drift down to the soft curve of Watson's mouth and lips.
Suddenly Holmes is holding two glasses. One in each hand. There is a clear, slightly red liquid in both of them. He offers one of the glasses to John.
Something long, disproportionate and misshapen attaches itself to the hand as it claws itself a way forward into the here and now.
As he descends the stairs and gets closer and closer he finds he's having a hard time breathing. He feels far too hot in his high collar and his palms are clammy as he grips onto the stairs railing just a bit too tightly.
All he has to do now is perform the right spell, open the gateway and pass through. And then..............and then..........Sherlock shakes his head once more but the thoughts are already gone.
'You could have gotten one too', John replied as he tried sipping his and was immediately rewarded with the abundance of whipped cream that graced his -  for lack of a better word “drink” -   going up his nose.
But, had the gesture been playful and full of energy then, now it's soft and the fingers grazing his shoulder almost melancholy.
In his dream he had found himself in a bed just like the one he is in now....only.....not quite....slightly different.
If he comes back.......god....he hopes he'll come back....that he doesn't do anything reckless or stupid out there.
Holmes just waves his hand in the air as he leans back in his chair as if he is physically able to just wave away all of John's arguments as to why this is a bad idea.
As John seems to reach the natural conclusion of his tale Molly giggles, Shaun claps him on the shoulder.
John was completely out of breath when he closed the stable-doors behind him. Barely able to stay upright any longer he made it just a couple of steps further until he sank down on the ground. His back against a large wooden crate used to store hay. His lungs felt as if they were on fire as he struggled for air in big, gasping breaths and his leg felt as if someone had stabbed it with a knife. With the way his leg had been acting up today he should definitely not have been running in the cold winter air. But he was almost positive Holmes had seen him. Had looked right at him. It didn't seem possible, and yet....
Soon there are hands underneath his shirt, underneath Holmes' shirt and jacket. Undoing his hasty efforts of dressing himself earlier that morning.
Standing beside him now John felt his own inadequacy as a literal weight upon him. His embarrassment now went hand in hand with shame. Shame of who he had become. A soldier who couldn't even defend himself. His employer, this nobleman rumored to do nothing but drink and gamble had to come and save him. Like some kind of damsel in distress. This gorgeous, mysterious man had just seen him at his weakest and most vulnerable and John had not been prepared for it.
John kissing me in the supply-closet, John awkwardly inviting me to a party, following me outside afterwards, his breath on the skin beneath my ear, hot and moist and real and....the feel of him beneath my hands, his eyes for once open and unguarded, his arm around my shoulder, whispered words in my ear, his smile......John smiling at me, laughing together, John in my room like he belongs there......in my arms like he belongs.....I can't......how can he just give that up?
And if he does, and if, after everything, he still accepts him, only then will he wrap his arms around him and breathe in the earthly, comforting scent of his skin and feel the hidden, comforting strength of his body beneath his fingertips.
This is not how he had wanted things to go. He had wanted to bring Sherlock home to his parents. Show him off. Let them see how amazing he is. How wonderful. How beautiful. How perfect.....and now......if he brings him over now....they'll take what is honest, good and special about  him and twist it and turn it into something wrong and vile.
The sun is now well above the horizon and its light draws mesmerizing patterns on his golden hair as the wind rustles the leaves overhead.
John only half listens to the stories Holmes tells him about the lords and ladies that surround them. He finds himself paying more attention to the sound of his voice than the actual words. The way he seems to wave his hands around when he gets really excited about a certain topic. How the light of the chandeliers is reflected in his eyes and gives a strange otherworldly shine to his slicked back curls. The curve of his lips.....
'If you want to save me and keep me as your own you need to pull me from my horse and not let go of me no matter what.'
It takes him three frantic attempts to get the door open again and once it gives way underneath his shaking hands he throws himself over the threshold as fast as he can.
He is seated on - for lack of a better term - “his” side of the bed and is in the process of removing his boots. His jacket and scarf are already draped over a chair.
The slow deterioration of the ashes as they get swept away by the wind over time or the sudden and chaotic short burst of the flame.
He has heard it would be like this. As your life force leaves your body you enter a state of bliss and contentment.
A moment of silence before he added softly, his voice oozing disdain, not much more than a mutter to himself: 'I refuse to be associated with tiny goblins with wings......and pointy ears.'
After everything that had the potential of happening and then.....all just fell away like ash on a breeze.
He met a couple of the other members of the household. They all seemed kind enough upon first meeting, but it would take some time to really get to know everyone. Of course he didn't meet any of the nobility that lived in the house. As a mere stablehand contact with the upper class would be limited at best and from what he heard from a couple of maids at his first staff dinner in the kitchen that evening Sherlock Holmes wasn't even home. Hadn't been for over a month now. Nobody seemed particularly worried by this.
“John?” Sherlock's voice was surprisingly soft even though John's ear was almost pressed against his shoulder. The sound somehow reminded him of a purring panther and he couldn't help but smile as the rumble of it seemed to warm him up again instantly.
And then Sherlock finally dares to look at John again. Just to at least try and make some sense out of the absolute disaster this whole visit has become.
“Yes”, she says, “I am sad, but grief is the price we pay for love. You cannot have one without the other. Of course I miss your father but I would not change what we had for anything in the world. Look at all he has given me. Because of him I've got Mycroft -”
I am saved from becoming a black hole of doubt, anxiety and despair by one of the theater's employees who announces that it's time to take our seats.
A low fog hung over the meadow. Blanketing the grass in white, shrouding the light of the sun, muffling sounds, muting colors and making it hard for him to see far ahead.
I had planned to add the actual plan to free Sherlock in this chapter too, but it just got too long. As a result next chapter will probably be a long one too or maybe I'll split it in two....we'll see how it goes.
The flustered and somewhat guilty look on his face would be endearing if John wasn't still at least a little bit cross with him.
For a couple of minutes they sat like that, drinking their coffee, John had ultimately given in and just used his spoon. The table they were seated at was rather small and so on occasion their knees would brush together underneath the table.
They are his own words. An echo from the previous night when he had whispered them against Watson's searching lips instead.
Well, sometimes John locks it at night but not always. If Sherlock is out at night John makes sure to leave it unlocked because, even after the short three months they've known each other, he's figured out that Sherlock tends to forget to bring his keys when he goes out...or he just misplaces them.
So, instead of leaving his mind-palace, Sherlock goes on pretending he doesn't see the web and starts constructing a brand new room.
Suddenly I don't want him to look at these pictures anymore. These frozen moments of a simpler time in my life. When Mycroft was still around and still cared, when I had sunny days out in the yard and all I worried about was catching frogs and.....
Omega's were soft, fragile, they needed to be pampered and taken care of constantly and were utterly unfit for any form of leadership.
'I don't need you to come in and rescue me like some bloody knight in shining armor', he continued, unable to stop the flow of words coming from his mouth, 'I told you, your secrets are safe with me, alright, you don't need to feel like you have to do me any favors to buy my silence. So quit the act and piss off.'
Mary giggles and clasps her hands together in front of her chest. Then she seems to remembered why John was even gone in the first place and as her eyes go wide she slaps one of her hands over her mouth.
Holmes gets in the carriage and John closes the door behind him. For the first part of their journey they will still be separated and they won't really be able to speak to each other.
This time Sherlock does look up from his book. Evidently having picked up on the rising anger in John's tone of voice.
Sherlock was just starting to contemplate whether he should try climbing inside through Johns bedroom window in order to get a closer look when the door opened again.
Sherlock felt like throwing up. His insides were too hot and seemingly moving around all on their own accord. He felt as if his skin was made out of fire ants.
He wanted to say something. Do something. Get mad. Shout. But as the reality of the situation sunk in all of his words seemed to have eluded him and his hands hung limply at his side. Useless. Weighted down by the words that hung heavy between them.
Even after they've been naked in each other's presence quite a number of times by now Watson is still a little bit shy when it comes to the markings on his body.
Curiosity eventually getting the better of him when, after a good 15 minutes the visitor still found himself in the exact same place, he decided to go and see who this stranger was.
As Sherlock lifts his hand to his face in the dark of his room he can actually see tiny sparks still dancing around the tips of his fingers.
Sure, the sex is nice, it's great, it's fantastic.....he's pretty certain John enjoys it too......but with sex.....intimacy....inevitably comes the getting to know someone.
Surely the fairy-queen would try and stop him before he even got a chance to get to Sherlock.....wouldn't she?
John doesn't know what to reply. He doesn't know either. He has no clue. All he knows is that they cannot go back to the cottage. It will end in death. He is certain of it. The way the air had smelt....how it had taken away his breath....the stale coldness of it.....he has been around death before and this is exactly how it had felt.
'We have to celebrate this', he said as he handed the test to Sherlock who took the paper from him and started going over John's answers.
For a moment I think he is going to kiss me again but he just leans his head against my chest, exhales and then moves back. He lets go of me and so I do the same. My hands seem useless now and I don't know what to do with them. He seems to be struggling with the same problem as he pulls his fingers through his hair.
She has been doing some experiments of her own. Trying to see what conditions would make the vision more clear. She has tried sitting silently in rooms with the lights turned off, moving between rooms, looking back from the corner of her eye, she has tried looking behind her with the use of a hand-held mirror....
The tan on his shoulders and throat that gets lighter the further down he looks, the spattering of freckles on his arms brought out by the sun. The soft trail of golden hair that leads down from his chest to the waistband of his trousers....the scar on his shoulder.
His face is wet and his vision has gone blurry. He can no longer see the shape of John just the blinding light of the setting sun taking his hopes and dreams with it as it sinks beneath the horizon.
“Maybe you should head over to the Order first.........” Molly's words get interrupted by a haughty snort from Sherlock but she continues anyway, “they might know more about the King. There is a vast library there. Now that you have a name you'll know where to look.”
Behind him he could just hear his father's booming voice and he wished he hadn't heard the words it carried with it. Because, deep down, he knew his father was right.
It had been a telltale sign that his father's rage was not gone. Not in the slightest. The current semblance of a small hint of kindness just a facade. It was still there, simmering beneath the surface. It was like a sleeping bear and if John kept poking it one of these days it would wake up and try and tear him to pieces.
Sherlock just sighs and rolls his eyes. As if he'd somehow been expecting this and is utterly bored by the whole situation.
“This is indeed very strange”, she had thought but before she could thinks anything else of it her aunt had called her down for breakfast.
Sherlock goes through the door, down the stairwell instead of the elevator, afraid the ding of the opening doors might alert John still, checks himself out at reception and leaves.
Like, for example, how John always gets her coffee. They still practice at the coffee-place. It has become “their place” now.
However beautiful, you can't really use a broken ashtray for its intended purpose anymore, now can you?
Carefully he gets up from the ground, wincing slightly as he breathes through his nose a little bit too quickly, and makes his way to the door.
They are no longer butterflies, they are an entire galaxy filled with nebulas, planets, suns, moons and stars and John and Sherlock find themselves floating in the middle of it.
As evening falls they are once again sitting opposite each other at a table in the dining area of the inn.
Kiss him and stroke him until all of these tense and sharp and unmoving angles he seems to be made out of right now have gone back to the softness and warmth John has grown to love so much over these last couple of weeks.
All of a sudden a warmth spreads through his chest and his lungs seem to fill themselves with air beyond their capacity.
Since the new year had rolled around there had been no more heavy snow storms and the most they'd gotten was a slight dusting. However, what little had fallen had, at this point, all melted away again and without the white of the snow to cheer it up the world just seemed gray and sombre.
There's a soft smile on his brother's lips but there is no joy in it. It's the saddest smile Sherlock has ever seen and seeing it makes him shove his plate away from him as far as he possibly can. Even the sight of food is making him nauseous now.
He was far too tired to explain anything to the boy and besides, Finn was already moving along, making his way into the inn.
He's not sure if he should pick up or not. There's a sinking feeling in his stomach that tells him this will not be good news. Maybe John and Molly are calling him together....asking him to delete John's number....or asking him to not come to the coffee-place next week....
'The meadow is a dangerous place to be at night', Sherlock continued, 'it's when the fairies visit....if they find you....'
His long and elegant fingers brush his cheek only to gently glide down to his hip and John can't keep his eyes off of him.
Ever since he'd been twelve years old and his heats had started his father had kept a calendar. His cycle had been meticulously marked off on it.
Holmes cleared his throat again before answering: 'fairly simple too really. The way you stood when you were waiting for me to reply during our...conversation. Like a soldier standing to attention waiting for a command from his superior. Force of habit that all military men develop when they've been in the armed forces for long enough.'
'The fairy-queen', he said, 'she had called me to her and when she does....I obey. I have to. She is up to something, but I don't know what it is yet.'
We get a couple more appreciative nods and then conversations just start up again where they had left off when John and I showed up.
Letting the All decide will only lead to misery and death. He has seen it happen too many times already.
'No!', John shot up in bed. For once he was dreaming something nice and now his dream was already trying to leave him? Not on. 'Don't go', he said weakly as he let himself fall back to his pillow and closed his eyes. Even just sitting up had drained his energy completely.
To be honest: I'm not really sure if I like this chapter or not. It kept changing as I was writing it. I'm not sure what happened. But...it is what it is.....
But every time someone slides up to him and tries to dance along he usually just turns around and walks away or leans in and says something that makes the other party retreat hastily.
The only reason we are here at all is to gather the last of my things I wish to take with me when we go and make a life together somewhere far away from this place.
There was no mist, no dew on the grass beneath his feet, the only birds he could hear were blackbirds, sparrows and the odd thrush.
He has only bothered to kick off his sneakers before crawling next to Sherlock on the bed. He feels tired all of a sudden. Tired and overwhelmed.
“Nah”, John says to the other boy and his voice is cold and distant and so unlike him, “I've never seen him before.”
Holmes was wearing his riding gear and long cloak. There was no blood on them this time. Just a slight splattering of mud and the hem was wet where the snow had probably soaked into it. His hair was the same unruly array of curls it had been the first time John had laid eyes on him. Only this time John had the light of day to help him fully appreciate the vision in front of him.
It had all ended with Mary demanding his set of spare keys back and proceeding to flush them down the toilet once he handed them over to her.
So....completely all consuming. It was as if he himself had burned in the flames produced by his heat and an new version of him had arisen from the ashes. A better version. A version that was now inexorably bound to Sherlock.
What they have now is, to Sherlock at least, close to perfection and, knowing himself, the only way from here is down. He'll most likely ruin it.
“Perhaps we should sleep on it tonight and talk about.....this.....in the morning.....when we're both sober.....” Holmes had said.
John opened his mouth to reply, but before he could Holmes spoke again: 'and don't bother denying it. I know something startled you there. I have to know what it was. It's vital.'
Absentmindedly John's fingers traced the silver chain around his neck as he was changing the hay in one of the stalls. The medallion a cold weight underneath his clothes pressing against his breastbone.
'The armies of the North', Watson had said and Sherlock had been so surprised to hear Watson guess correctly immediately.
“I don't want a secret relationship”, I say, “I don't want to be your experiment or your dirty little secret.”
“I heard they're going to kick you off of the rugby team if you fail next Monday's test”, Sebastian says, the smile on his face reminiscent of a shark, “I'd hate to see you go.”
If there are more of those ghastly creatures in the house and Mary and maybe Mrs. Hudson too are roaming the halls on their own......he doesn't want to think about what might happen to them.
He puts his hand against the wall in front of him and small particles come loose underneath his fingers and fall away towards the darkness around his feet.
It startles us both and pulls us harshly out of the dream-world we had both been inhabiting just now.
Once Sherlock had removed his coat he gently draped it over John's shoulders. Enveloping him with warmth and that sweet scent that was purely Sherlock.
“It won't be forever......I've never felt for anyone what I feel for you before and I don't want to lose you”, he says and he catches me by surprise, this was not what I expected him to say at all.
John felt a warmth tinged with pain and sadness bloom in his chest at Sherlock’s words. He’d had no idea as to how deeply complex Sherlock’s emotions were. The detective would undoubtedly say something scathing about useless sentiment if John tried to discuss it further or worse, act on it. He dismissed immediately the visions of himself wrapping Sherlock in his arms, hugging him, kissing him. The other man would not appreciate such a display of emotion and would undoubtedly deride such a display as useless sentiment. The one thing he could do was to change the topic of conversation, put Sherlock back in his comfort zone of logic and reason.
“Anyway, as I was saying, the damage you do when you use is to yourself. To my knowledge, you’ve never, ever, raised a hand to anyone when you’re high, not even to defend yourself. Harry almost killed someone last night, someone she supposedly loves—and that wasn’t the first time. I know what that feels like; if you recall, I almost killed you, Sherlock. I don’t think you’ll ever know how that knowledge destroys a piece of my soul. But, I got help, finally, and I’m facing my demons. Harry is going to have to do the same before she kills someone. And if it takes forcing her to do it by no longer enabling her, then that’s what I’m going to do.”
The old saying ‘children can be cruel’ was inherently wrong. In John’s understanding, children could be downright vicious. He remembered well the aftermath of Harry’s homosexuality becoming common knowledge at school. He had had more fistfights that year than he had had in his entire career in the military, including basic training.
“You, Dr. Watson, are a very good surgeon. Although you were invalided out of the military for tremors in your hand associated with the shoulder wound, we both know that was purely psycho-somatic. The first time I met you, your hands were rock steady under pressure. You are still rock steady under intense pressure that would cause most prima donna surgeons to sob and wet themselves. One of my surgeons has decided he is getting too old to carry out his required duties. As such, he is moving to an opening in the upstairs clinic to wipe noses and administer vaccinations until he retires in a year or two. That leaves me with an opening to fill. The position pays well, much more than you currently earn, and it would also give you access to the government run twenty-four hour crèche facilities for Rosie. The child care personnel are all highly trained professionals with degrees in early childhood development and are thoroughly vetted by Anthea, if that is of concern to you. Standard vacation and leave policies apply.”
He had been into prostate play since med school, and while he was experienced enough that he could probably relax enough to enjoy playing with something of that size, the smaller toys massaged his prostate just fine, and he didn’t see any pressing need to make himself sore just to feel that full. Although… he did have to admit to moments of curiosity. What would it be like to be completely filled inside while also being stimulated? Lots of men swore by the bigger toys, and there were certainly a fair number of large toys designed solely for prostate play. Given that, there was, probably—logically—a very good reason for it. And, if he were being completely honest, and no reason not to be in his own head, he was intensely curious about trying it sometime…
1) The English Electric Lightning or EEL is reportedly the fastest British supersonic jet plane ever built. It’s reported top cruising speed at altitude is Mach 2.27 or 1500mph/2415kph. It was decommissioned in 1988.
“Sherlock,” John said tightly as he bit his lip. “I need to do this alone.” His eyes softened minutely as he gazed at his friend. As soon as Sherlock’s face registered his understanding, John tapped lightly on the door to room 204 and called “Clara,” softly as he entered the room, leaving Sherlock standing a silent sentinel outside.
“And then,” Mycroft continued smoothly, “there were the events that transpired following Mary’s death. You withdrew from life into a fantasy world and Sherlock, to put it bluntly, went off the rails. Again, he did not behave as a normal man would behave, and you ended up beating him, rather savagely in fact. And again, he did not fight back.”
John sat, staring unseeingly at the penguins for several long minutes. “So, why are you telling me this?” John asked musingly. “Surely you didn’t think I’d accept such an outrageous proposal, did you?”
“John, do you remember a few weeks ago when you were so angry with Mycroft you threatened to drug him the next time he visited and remove one of his kidneys to sell on the black market?”
“Sherlock, you’ve been working this case like a madman, especially since two more bodies turned up. You’re about to drop. I can’t take your bed.”
“Look, Sherlock… I trust you more than anyone else in the world. You may not need a relationship, but would you want one…with me? I’ve lived with you for how many years? I know who you are, your moods, your experiments…and the only thing I’ll ever ask is something I would insist upon whether we were in a relationship or not—You cannot ever do anything that would place Rosie in jeopardy…that’s all I want.”
Big Brain was the part of Sherlock’s mind that dealt with sentiment and emotions, whenever Sherlock chose to acknowledge that such things existed or deigned to admit that he felt them twinge in his own heart on occasion. John had surreptitiously named Big Brain after Big Bird, the giant yellow canary on the American children’s show, Sesame Street. Like Big Bird, Big Brain was apt to take emotional information any sane human being would find specious and useless at best, overanalyze it to death and reach a conclusion that ranged from “A bit not good, Sherlock” to “That’s absolutely fucking insane, Sherlock!”
“I’ll pay for it, John,” Sherlock said, amused. “If the blood test results reveal what I suspect, I’ll hire a solicitor to represent your sister and pay for the best rehabilitation program available.”
Oh God. Could he do this? His heart was about to pound out of his chest. He looked at the expanse of the bed around him and then back to Sherlock who was staring at him curiously. John squirmed, feeling like he was one of Sherlock’s specimen’s under a ‘borrowed’ St. Bart’s microscope.
His heart was starting to race with an edgy nervousness, and he couldn’t even begin to contemplate the extra delay the tube ride would create, as his steps turned quickly onto Westchester Street where he knew he could hail a taxi.
“Suit yourself,” John grunted as he pulled on his coat. “I’m off. For what it’s worth, I wish I were a little more clever and that I could be of more help to you, like Mary—god, I still miss her,” he said, finishing the last on a soft whisper. “Nite, Sherlock,” John said, closing the door behind him.
“John, are you having a stroke? Is this some form of aphasia?” Sherlock asked, concern crinkling in the corners of his eyes, as he searched John’s countenance for other symptoms.
“Perhaps next time it can be all about me,” Sherlock murmured tiredly, jet lag catching up with him at last, as his hand stroked idly through the thick mat of John’s still mostly blond chest hair.
All of a sudden Sherlock feels terribly exposed underneath his gaze. He wishes he could close his eyes again and pretend to be asleep once more.
He is so clearly out of his depth. Unsure what to do. Not used to intimacy and the knowledge that someone likes you for who you are. And that it is perfectly okay to just be you.
He watches John's hand, his strong thighs where they frame Sherlock's own, the muscles in his abdomen contracting as he gets closer and closer.
He had smiled and agreed. Something a servant would do. And, in truth, that's what he was. A servant.
“John”, he says again and only the second time around does he realize he is using Watson's given name. Watson doesn't seem to mind.
In his small room where, months ago, Sherlock had once spent the night. When Watson's strong arms had caught him when he had fallen from his horse, had touched him ever so gently when he had believed Sherlock to be hurt and, afterwards, had returned to comforting strength again carrying him up the rickety staircase.
Of course.....he can't say he blames him. After all, the man has just woken up in a strange room, completely naked, with his stable-man just casually having breakfast in the corner of the room. The same stable-man he had tried to send away when he briefly regained consciousness during the night.....if he even remembers that.
It was then that John finally laughed out loud and once he started laughing he couldn't find it in himself to stop for quite some time.
At least the soldier sees sense. She knew he would. His down to earth but honest character is a good balance to Sherlock's impulsive recklessness.
Once again Sherlock gives him that playful smirk and John wishes they were alone.....like they used to be.
'We will all be under a spell. I estimate there will be just a little bit over a dozen riders there. We will all be hooded, hiding our faces, and we will be unable to move or speak of our own free will. There will be no way for you to discern which rider I am and if you were to pull down the wrong rider.....you do not get a second attempt. I will be lost forever.'
I pretend that the slightest touch of him doesn't heat me up more than any form of scalding liquid ever could.
matters. What it's like to feel John's lips on his, on the skin of his neck, just behind his ear.....now that he has found it he doesn't want to go even a second without it.
“Are you calling for your cousin again?” Bill continues. His tone oh so cheery and light. Sherlock feels like strangling him with the phone cord.
The gentleman leaned in close and John noticed absentmindedly how there was a slight hint of honey to his breath.
“If..”, John says again, “if..... you just want this to be a one time thing......I would understand.”
He traces a line from the hollow at the bottom of my throat all the way down to the waistband of my jeans. First with his fingers and then with his lips as he sinks down on his knees.
“Well.....”, Sherlock says, “it just seems to me that, if anything, you should have filed a report against that girl for taking advantage of you in a vulnerable situation.....John....that's assault.”
In the palm of John's hand the snowflakes shift and transform into butterflies. Their wings delicate and brightly coloured.
Mycroft has been on his phone almost constantly ever since they parked the car. First texting and then actual phone calls.
John's sea-blue eyes a calming presence in the darkness around them. A beacon pulling him ashore. Calming the turbulent waves of of his own thoughts that usually threaten to drown his racing mind.
John's hands trace the outline of his ribs as Sherlock lays naked on his back on the bed underneath him.
Finally Mycroft hangs up. He takes a deep breath as he still stares down at his phone for a couple of seconds more after the call has ended, seemingly lost in thought.
“If anything had happened to you.....if you had gotten hurt....if I had lost you.....” Sherlock's voice is soft and small. Molly has never heard him be this fragile. The sound of it makes her chest hurt.
The soldier offers Molly his arm and she takes it. As she does so, Sherlock gives the soldier a look she can't quite place.
And so I let my stars fall into dust and my ethereal light drift away on the draft that seeps in through the cracks in the walls, leaving them in darkness.
Especially in the sunshine Mycroft, with his almost ginger hair and pale complexion, is a sight to behold.
One that has killed and mutilated an innocent girl and is still hiding within the walls of Holmes Manor.
His bedroom door was still locked and, although his father had allowed him some more liberties in an attempt to get his son on his side, giving John back his key was not one of them.
.......where he had lain awake wondering whether Mycroft had known all along what was going to happen to him.....in the end.
'I could take a look at it if you want to', John ventured. Not quite sure where all this sudden bravery was coming from, 'I've had medical training in the army.'
He will act purely on impulse for as long as the spell will last. Unhindered by common sense he will surely travel beyond the veil....to her.......she licks her bloody lips.
But Sherlock seemed to be done with talking for the moment and his own eyes were starting to close again. Making it hard for him to come up with interesting topics of conversation.
Even though Holmes is laying down John can still see him raise one of his eyebrows in the faint flickering light of the candles.
He had told Mary he needed time to sort this all out....sort his feelings out....and that it wouldn't be fair to her if they stayed together like this.
'Pleasure to finally meet you, Mrs. Watson', Sherlock said while producing his brightest smile. The effect only slightly ruined by his disheveled look. Smooth bastard, John thought.
Sure, he knows that that's mostly his own doing. Sherlock tries to spend as little time as possible in their shared rooms when John is there. He spends his days wandering the streets of the city, trying to imprint their every twist and curve into his mind so as to form an accurate mental map, he peruses libraries and museums and he does experiments in the school laboratory well after closing time until someone finds him and kicks him out again.
His voice was warm like honey and his hand a furnace setting Sherlock ablaze and he felt bile rise up in his throat.
In the dark of the room he can just make out the man's profile. The sharp angle of his cheekbones, the slight curve of his nose.....of his lips.
This time just the hint of a thought from Sherlock is enough as the butterflies all lift up simultaneously and swirl around them in the small room. There seems to be hundreds of them now as they spiral up, up and up towards the ceiling again.
What the inside of his mouth would taste like. The texture of his tongue.....usually only occupied in giving clever retorts and dealing out sharp wit.
I watch from a distance as Greg takes Molly's hands between his own and brings her fingers up to his mouth and blows warmth and heat in the space between them.
“Sorry?”  John says. He looks so lost and confused. Sherlock can't help but laugh. John answers him with half a smile of his own. He still looks very unsure of where exactly he stands with Sherlock at the moment.
The long ride had done nothing to calm his nerves and he felt as if his insides were shaking out of his skin. As if his feelings were too big for his chest making his heart explode out of it.
His voice is deep as he speaks and aims his hands at Holmes while forming a triangle with his fingers.
Just for a moment he is able to catch the look of concern on Greg's face before he turns it back towards the road.
At the knowing that this is finite and life is finite and maybe this is the last time I see him but if we don't say goodbye then we won't know for certain until it actually happens and, for the moment, that leaves you with a bit of hope at least.
Actually, I want to hide underneath the covers with John but I don't think he'll let me at this point.
More and more will form as time passes until there will be so many that the walls will no longer be able to hold their own weight and will crumble into ruin.
He turns himself around and squints his eyes as he peers into the doorway Holmes and he had initially come from.
He gives her a smile again but there's not mirth in it. The blue around him turns even darker an heavier for just a moment and she steadies herself on the balcony as it almost crushes her.
Soft light is streaming in through the window. A sense of peace and belonging in his heart and mind.
Mycroft lets out a very theatrical sigh and throws the back of his right hand to his forehead in the process.
When I close my eyes I can still hear the exact sounds he made as he came undone because of me and only me.
Not exactly the way he had wanted to go about initiating the addendum to his plan but....potential boyfriends should know the worst about each other.... he hopes John will understand but the confused look on his classmates face tells him he probably doesn't understand at all.
And so he found himself glancing at Sherlock over the rim of his cup as Sherlock looked out the window. He felt relaxed and at ease.
Somewhere behind him he heard the doors close again and the sound of footsteps could be heard making their way across the complex.
There was a lot of food in the fridge, but none of it seemed particularly appetizing to John. His mother had found some sort of health-food forum on the Internet and now all she seemed to buy was carrots, tomatoes, broccoli and some kind of vegetable with large green leaves John was pretty sure he had never seen before.
For the life of him Sherlock cannot imagine a single thing John could say that would ruin this moment but he ends up just nodding again.
But then Finn starts laughing. The sound is warm and as the flames move with the sound the dark corners around them are driven away.
I laugh and my breath forms little smoke puffs in the evening air where it leaves the warm boundary of my lips.
He doesn't slow his pace at the last minute, doesn't look back, he just walks on resolutely until one of Lord Huntington's servants closes the doors behind the family leaving John alone outside.
I can't follow Molly, I certainly can't go over and talk to John, I don't know anyone else here and I feel like throwing up but I don't know where the bathroom is.
“I know”, he says, “but....I just thought.....I don't know.....I miss spending time with you......how close we used to be......I miss you.”
John glances around the room guiltily but none of the other people here seem to be paying them and their conversation the least bit of attention.
And then John moves closer still and gently presses their lips together. The movement is unhurried. The feeling of John's lips on his is soft, barely even there.
How then can I just go and dance with Andrew again? Or....Whatever it is he wants to do this time....
Getting more and more impatient as the hours rolled by. It had started with glances that lingered just a bit too long, handshakes held just a bit too tight, comments just on the other side of propriety directed towards him.
Everybody around him is talking, laughing, dancing......he doesn't quite know what to do with himself.
Also: this is my first endeavour into the wonderful world of omegaverse so....eh....what can you do.
That night John went to bed early. He was tired from a long trip and he had his work cut out for him tomorrow. Besides, he wasn't one for socializing these days. He only realized how tired he actually was when he laid himself down on his mattress. His leg was aching, he was hoping he would not be limping in the morning, that would be an awful first impression on his first day of actual work. He needed this job. He needed a steady, normal life. He craved it. He had had enough of adventure and danger and death these past couple of years. At least, that's what he told himself anyway. As soon as he closed his eyes a restless sleep took him. Nothing new there. Ever since he left the army he'd been having the same nightmare at least once a week. He almost welcomed it like an old friend as it was forming in his minds eye now. In his dream he was standing in a field beneath a completely black sky. No clouds. No sun. No moon. Just black. All of a sudden panic overtook him and he started screaming, but there was no sound in this place. Only blackness and his desperate screams turned into blackness themselves. Black birds that flew out of his mouth and surrounded him until he couldn't see or feel anything but their black wings beating his face and shoulders. And yet he could not stop screaming until there was nothing but darkness and the screams-turned-birds started tearing him apart as their wings turned into razor-sharp blades. Usually this was the point where John would wake himself up screaming, bathed in sweat. He was just relieved to find that this time there was no one there to hear him.
A sense that time is of the essence and that they need to move quickly before the birds catch up with them.
Sherlock didn't think it was possible, but Finn's smile got even bigger. 'I feel there's a “yes” in there somewhere', he said.
And so he just waits and watches and imagines John, for the moment at least, is better off without him.
“I don't know what you did or how you did it, but you are officially the best friend I've ever had”, she says.
And as the man started kissing a path along his neck and John found himself unable to move away or even fight him off he felt a mixture of emotions.
He's going to chalk it all up to exhaustion and Holmes' wild story about the other world and the Order and the prophecy and the moon.....
He takes his elbows out from underneath his body, hoist himself up and ends up sitting upright against the headboard as well. His arms resting on top of his raised knees.
The serious look he bore on his face as he stood leaned against the wall made all the more haunting by the flickering candles causing the shadows under his eyes and around the corners of his mouth to dance.
Sherlock feels as if he and John are speaking two different languages entirely. His confusion must show on his face because John sighs and points to an object on the coffee table. The whiskey in his hand sloshes against the sides of the glass as he does so.
And he sounds so sincere and his voice is so warm and comforting and I want to kiss him but I don't.
His hair is delightfully mussed and John reflexively clenches his fingers where they rest in the space between them as the ghost of a memory that shouldn't be there drifts through his mind.
“I don't know.....” but I do know. Or at least.....I think I know. John is embarrassed. Embarrassed to be seen with me. To have his reputation as a straight man shattered. And that just hurts. I don't only want to be worthy of  his love when nobody can see it. I want it all the time. And I know I had promised him time but waiting is hard when everything you want is just right there sitting at a table ignoring you.
There are gentle kisses now. A trail left behind his left ear, his jawline, his neck......Sherlock feels his skin breaking out in gooseflesh but he is not cold at all...not in the slightest.
Slowly the darkness in front of him takes a shape and John somehow feels it more than he actually sees it.
I can't bear the thought of never having him touch me again or look at me with all his defenses down and that hint of 'something' in the depths of his eyes.
“I just wouldn't want to....” Watson is still not completely sold but he's wavering. Sherlock can tell.
grades.” John just wants Sebastian to leave. Sebastian hasn't showered yet and standing this close the smell of sweat that surrounds him is almost like an entity on its own. John feels like he's being suffocated. He wants to gag. He wants to go home. He needs to think. Its been over two weeks and he's still not sure about what happened between him and Sherlock.
“I'm sure we will be.” John sounds so certain. His tone of voice not to be argued with. Sherlock chooses to believe him.
“Begging your pardon, Sir. …..'Mr. Watson' is what I mean of course, Sir.....she said it was urgent.”
He could sneak downstairs and get something to eat. A midnight snack always seemed to make him feel better.
John's hands shook as he tied his horse to a nearby tree where it had plenty of shade and could just reach the edge of the meadow so it had some vegetation to graze on.
“I texted you.....and I called you”, I say, avoiding the subject he doesn't want to talk about but not entirely.
Part of him wishes he had stayed long enough to see how Holmes was going to handle the fact that there is only one bed in the inn-room and there are no other rooms available.
I have been reading over the last two chapters before this one and there are quite a couple of places where the wording makes me cringe. I'm planning to go over those in the future and re-write parts of it. This will not change the story in any way but it will make me cringe less.
Instead he pulled Sherlock as tight against his body as he possibly could. Hoping the alpha felt even a fraction of what he was experiencing.
Once again I feel as if I should pressure him, ask him more, but as he looks at me there is something in the depths of his eyes and the suddenly tightened lines of his smile that makes me choose the lie instead.
At first Sherlock doesn't seem to hear him as he just blankly stares at John while his breathing gradually slows down.
The ace of hearts, the jack of hearts.......and so on and so on....... all with their own meaning only clear to those who know how to read them.
For a moment Sherlock panics. What if Mary is still there? But no...what would she even still be doing there......at this point she should have been with John and the fact that John is here and she isn't.....
He feels slightly embarrassed as he remembers how nice the scenario of the dream had actually been to him as he found himself in it.
“I know what I promised”, he said, “and I will keep my promise. I'm a dark elf. We always keep our word.”
She had seen how the wheels of their carriage would lose their grip on the icy paving of a bridge. How it would veer to the side. How it would plummet straight down into the water of the icy river below.
John wants to say something else. Something that will brighten Holmes' mood. He hates seeing him so grim and terse. But a sudden knock on the door startles them both.
Sherlock shook his head. “Sadly, no, but having seen your flying tackle, I can imagine...” He brought the tea and teacups over to the table and poured, putting a splash of milk into John's cup, and two sugars in his own. They sipped their tea in silence, lost in thought.
Suddenly there was a warm hand on his shoulder and a concerned face in front of his eyes. “Breathe, John”, the stranger instructed. “Breathe with me. Come on, focus. In, out, in, out...” The stranger put one hand on John's chest and breathed in a deep, regular rhythm until John followed his example. After a few minutes, John had calmed down enough to feel more like himself, whoever that may be, and slightly uncomfortable with a stranger's hands on his body.
John looked Brawn in the eyes, trying to stare the youth down. “No”, he repeated, a little louder and more forceful this time.
Sherlock nodded. “We are friends”, he said, “and flatmates. I am also, and Doctor Carlton will confirm this, your medical proxy.”
Sherlock sighed. He'd have to start explaining, at least a little. Facts would hopefully push through John's confusion and incipient panic attack. He put a hand on John's shoulder. “You were in the Army, John. You were an Army doctor, deployed in Afghanistan.” Sherlock realised he didn't even know exact dates and wondered briefly whether to ask Mycroft for John's file would be a breach of confidence to his friend. In the circumstances, he decided, John would probably agree it was necessary.
John was sitting in one of the wooden pews of St Bartholomew the Less, watching the sun shine through the stained-glass windows. He liked the quiet of the little church of St Bart's. When the stresses of his studies, of his life became too much, he would come here, sit for a while, calm down and get his mind in order. Some might call it meditating; it certainly wasn't praying, regardless of what the chaplain thought - but then, St Bart's the Less was open to all, a true hospital church.
He swallows the pill. For a moment, there is certainty, triumph, elation – then there is pain, defeat, resignation, and darkness.
“Chinese”, Sherlock replied without hesitation. “Cantonese, for preference. Indian, but not too hot. Italian, though you choose pasta dishes rather than pizza. For comfort food, fish pie, with a glass of ale.” John nodded and took another bite. It didn't taste of much, but he was hungry, and these were calories he needed to get well.
Sherlock sat up in one fluid motion, studying John with interest. “You don’t like this.” It was a statement, not a question.
John became aware that the man was bleeding through his clothes, blood seeping through from cuts on his arms, legs and torso, dripping slowly onto the stone floor of the church. The faint helicopter sound became unbearably loud as a hail of gunfire blew the windows to little shards of glass that danced in the light of a sun far too bright for an English afternoon. Shocked and confused, John ran out of the church but instead of the familiar cobblestones of the thoroughfare of St Bart's he felt sand under his feet, and the weight of a helmet and backpack. Of course, he thought, Afghanistan.
John felt a  pricking sensation in his hands and realised that he was clenching his fists tightly enough to push his fingernails into his palms. He was past anger and into a cold fury the likes of which he hadn’t felt since Afghanistan, when he had found out that a shipment of essential medical supplies had not been delivered due to the supply officer’s incompetence, and John had been forced to amputate a man’s leg when he could have saved it.
Someone stopped and leaned on the wall next to him. "Those things will kill you", Lestrade said, the old quip spoken without its customary humour. Sherlock glanced over. Lestrade looked stressed and frustrated, frowning in the morning light. Ah yes, Sherlock thought, the press conference about the serial killer. Without speaking, Sherlock got out the slightly depleted pack of cigarettes and offered it to Lestrade, who took it with a slight nod. For a few minutes, the two men stood smoking silently.
“Oh, you're a doctor?” the nurse asked, her smile turning into a wicked grin. “Where did you study, then, Doctor John Hamish Watson?”
Sherlock's anger evaporated and he hung his head. "That's the worst thing about it", he whispered. "I look at him and I see John who ... who is my
“Yes, well”, Carlton recovered, “a fugue state is a possibility that we cannot discount as yet. You will know that a fugue state is aptly named. The mind is fleeing from itself, hiding away in a different persona or in the past, to a, er, system restore point, if you will. If this is a fugue state, he may not come out of it until whatever his mind perceives as hurtful is dealt with, until he is healed...“ Carlton hesitated.
Sherlock froze, then cocked his head and looked up at Lestrade, who raised his eyebrows in confusion at the sudden change in Sherlock. His eyes were bright, there was a grin spreading across his face, and for a second Lestrade feared the man was going to kiss him. Instead Sherlock took a step back and said in a dry voice that belied his grin, "Sometimes, Detective Inspector, you do display moments of intelligence."
“Hello?… Yes, speaking. What?… Of course. I’ll be there.” He cut the connection with a sigh. Apparently, it was his week for getting out of the frying pan and into the fire.
Sherlock nodded. “Very well”, he said, took off his coat and held it out to John. “Here, use mine. It's cold outside.”
John hummed noncommittally, wishing for the taxi ride to be over. Harry had been off the booze for half a year, at least that was what she had told him. Sherlock probably would have been able to reveal the lie, seeing the sick days and job cut and poor performance for what it was, but John had chosen to believe what his sister told him about her life on the few occasions that they talked. But now the air inside the taxi reeked of alcohol, making him gag, and Harry’s voice was slurred and cracking in a way that John knew only too well. Something about what Harry had said made him ask, “What happened to the other woman? The girlfriend, was she arrested too?”
Thankful for small favours, he disinfected the wound, grimacing at the pain. He felt tired and worn out after the events of the day, and his head hurt, though he was sure he had no concussion. He grabbed a couple of Aspirin from the medicine cabinet, then went to the kitchen to get himself a glass of water. Surveying the kitchen and the various experiments Sherlock was conducting on the table, he wondered whether to find out where Sherlock was, but decided that he couldn't be bothered. In fact, he thought he would simply go to bed and try to get some hopefully dreamless sleep.
“Not physically, no, but Harry, when you're drunk like this, you lash out and you hurt the people who love you. Who care for you.”
“Look at you”, Harry said at length, her voice deceptively soft. “My little brother. Always taking care of me.” She sighed. “Always so perfect. My brother, the doctor. Such gentle hands.”
“No, this isn't how I would typically handle a body to do a post mortem”, she was saying as she walked around the table on which the body was lying. “I don't have to be careful to put everything back together, see? I mean, whoever ends up here is already dead, so I, uh...” She trailed off, then rallied. “These are like the incisions a surgeon would make. John would know about that”, she added apologetically. Then, as if she had only just noticed, she asked, “Where is John today, by the way?”
“Naah, thass fine”, John slurred. “Gonn' take a walk, clear m'head a bit.” He smiled and waved in the general direction of the barmaid. “G'night!”
An infinite number of worlds, like game boards stacked upon one another. An infinite number of games. In a place to rest between turns, the players might sit back, re-group, take stock of the game so far, before diving back onto the board, forgetting that they are only playing a game, the game of living.
But sometimes, very, very rarely, John wanted to drown his life in a glass, wanted to feel terribly sick for two days, wanted to put distance between himself and what was happening.
Sherlock considered. There was the case, someone John knew killed in a merciless and abhorrent manner. Harry, in jail and drunk, drunk enough to physically attack John (because although John had tried to hide it, Sherlock had seen the wine- and blood-stained clothing in the dirty laundry and noticed John touch his head and wincing). John's date must have gone horribly wrong for him to end the night drunk in a park instead. Each occurrence on its own was bad enough, but was it unusual stress to have all this happen so close together, and after a totally unnecessary fight with Sherlock, too?
Being careful about breathing too deeply wasn't the only thing his body demanded. The water he'd been drinking made a trip to the loo a good idea. At the same time, he could check on his bruises. John admitted that he was irrationally glad that his nose hadn't been broken, but he had after all been kicked in the head, and who knew what that had done to his handsome features. He chuckled again, trying his best not to giggle outright. He hurt too much for that, but not enough to call a nurse to help him into the facilities. It would be a cold day in hell if he couldn't manage on his own, even with a few cracked ribs. Grabbing the handrails on either side of his hospital bed, he carefully pulled himself upright with a groan, then swung his legs over the edge of the bed, pausing a little to breathe against the pain and the dizziness that came from having been horizontal for too long. He found that there were no shoes or slippers by his bedside. Never mind, he'd made it this far, he wouldn't be deterred by having to walk to the loo barefoot. Holding onto the handrails for support, he put his feet on the floor – cold, why was the floor so sodding cold! - shifted his weight, let go of his support and finally stood as upright as his ribs let him. He was relieved to find his sense of equilibrium intact. So far, so good.
As he put his seatbelt on, John was strangely relieved that a black cab was still a black cab, the interior a little scuffed and with the slight aroma of old shoes and curry. As the cab took off, John looked out of the window, frowning. Glad as he was to be leaving the hospital, he now realised that it had at least been an environment he was familiar with, ten years of advances in medicine notwithstanding. The look out of the cab window however hammered home what he had been trying to forget: He was a man out of his time. He could not feel the ten years he'd lost, instead, it was as if he had fallen asleep in one London and woken up in another. He couldn't quite put his finger on why what he saw disconcerted him, but the more he looked, the more the usual visual background noise of the city became unfamiliar to him.
There had been a look of almost-recognition on John's face, but it was quickly replaced by an almost abject terror. John had blinked, and when he had opened his eyes again, there was nothing of the John Sherlock knew left in his eyes.
He slammed into full wakefulness from one second to the next and desperately tried to sit up, get up, get away, only to find that his wrists were wrapped in soft, padded cuffs which in turn were fastened to the bed. He tugged at them with increasing frustration, even though he knew that medical restraints were designed to be unbreakable. Fear and panic rose like bile in his throat, and he was dimly aware of the heart monitor speeding up and making distressed noises.
As John finished yet another glass, he knew he was getting stinking drunk. He usually had no more than a pint or two in the company of Mike Stamford, Greg Lestrade or his mates from the army. He knew his limits. When he drank alone and for personal reasons, he made sure to drink way above that limit, accepting the resulting two-day hangover as both penance and insurance. After all, alcoholism was running in his family, and he did not want to court the danger of becoming the second Watson sibling to succumb to that particular vice.
The police station was a surprisingly friendly and efficient place. John produced his credit card with a heavy heart and was told to get a coffee while he waited. The time wasted made him annoyed at his sister, and his annoyance grew when Harry was brought out. She was a mess from her dishevelled ginger hair down to her broken-heeled shoes. The skin around one eye was swollen and already turning to a vivid shade of purple, there were bruises on her face and on her hands and her stained clothes were torn. She was holding one of her arms awkwardly, walking towards John with a slight limp which was not only due to her broken shoes. She was very obviously drunk. Again.
Sherlock Holmes read the message with a disgusted snort. “John's not coming”, he told Lestrade. “Obviously, he feels his date to be of more importance than the case.” He put his phone away and pulled on a pair of nitrile gloves.
I can only apologise for making you wait so long for an update. It seems my Muse was in hibernation, and it took a lot of coaxing (and Muse Treats left by a fellow writer) to get her to come out again to play.
Doctor Carlton had taken the clipboard from the end of John's bed. “Do you know how you were injured?”
There was a short pause, and Sherlock imagined that Lestrade was relaying orders to his team, but then Lestrade said in a worried voice, “Sherlock? Is everything alright? You sound … distracted.”
… and then it was not a stranger on the bed reaching out but his father, pale and emaciated. John fell to his knees beside the hospital bed. “Why didn't you tell me!” he wailed at his father. “Why, dad? Why did you keep it a secret, why did you let me go when you knew I wouldn't see you again? Why didn't you let me help!”
Sherlock reached out hesitantly to touch John, but he had no answer to this, no way of consoling his friend. “John…” he started, but did not know how to finish the sentence.
The Rose & Crown wasn't exactly close to Baker Street, but he was right about not wanting a taxi. The thought of being in a moving vehicle, be it a cab, bus or heaven forbid the tube, made him squeamish, and he swallowed again to keep the nausea at bay. No, he would walk until he felt a bit more like himself, and then he would probably get a cab for the rest of the way, depending on how far it was. He looked around, trying to get his bearings, and he noticed the faint glow of the moon above the constant lights of the city.
Sherlock realised that he had been staring at the victim's body for some time without seeing it while he was woolgathering, and he finally focussed on what was in front of him. Fortunately, Lestrade had probably thought he was formulating theories about the crime and had not tried to disturb or press him.
At first, the only thing John could see past Sherlock was a large black bin bag lying on the ground underneath the footbridge, but once Sherlock had crouched down to take a closer look at the victim, John was able to make out more. The bin bag had torn open to reveal a naked man, skin pale and waxy from loss of blood, deep cuts all over his body. The head was not visible, still covered by the black plastic. John frowned as he watched Sherlock pull out his magnifier and move around the body. There was something eerily familiar about the way the body had been cut, and John leaned in for a closer look.
John was glad when the MRI was powered down, interrupting his thoughts, and the board he was lying on started to slide out of the torus. A nurse rushed to help him back into the wheelchair when he struggled to stand. John resented her, and the wheelchair, and the whole hospital, but he made himself smile and sit down in the hated contraption so the nurse could wheel him back into his room and, presumably, put him back to bed.
“Fair enough”, John agreed. He sipped his tea. “In the meantime, perhaps you could bring me up to speed on what you do know.”
John was working on automatic, hands swift but sure as he pulled bits of shrapnel out of a man's body, trying to stop the bleeding at the same time. He didn't wonder how he suddenly found himself in the field hospital. No time to worry, there was a patient on his operating table, and he could not let him die. He would not. Even when the man had stopped breathing and the heart monitor showed a straight line, even when they told him to stop, that it didn't matter any more, he continued to pluck the metal out, until the nurse – he had forgotten her name, how could he have forgotten her name when she looked at him with her beautiful brown eyes... She pulled him away from the table, told him that there were others still alive who needed his help, and he went and cared for them and tended their wounds, while his eyes were seeing the ones he could not save, all those he would not be able to save, all this waste, all this pain...
