When Sherlock mentions Warsaw, he means the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Warsaw_Ghetto_Uprising).
“Watch me,” John breathes but he needn't have worried; Sherlock is enthralled. He scoots down the bed until he's lying on his stomach, his face in the open vee of John's legs – giving him a perfect view of John's cleft and crotch. John's only able to press his index finger in up to the first knuckle but that seems enticing enough. He takes up a seductive rhythm as the fist on his cock starts to move in unison.
“No.” Sherlock draws out the syllable to buy his time. “He got the idea that we were somehow... connected after this most undignified encounter. He started to follow me around, waited for me after class, tried to talk to me, visited my dorm, asked me out. To the cinema! Can you believe that? He was indescribably dull. I told him that I wasn't interested. He just smiled. Once he took my hand in his. I... almost hit him.”
I've been in Egypt for over a year and haven't seen a single bloody pyramid. This is rather disappointing.
Thus permitted, Sherlock loosens his grip on John's cock and swiftly pulls his pants down to mid-thigh. Arousal makes Sherlock somewhat clumsy and as he has just one hand free to move, John feels the need to utter a sharp reminder - “Careful!” - when his cock gets entangled in the elastic before it finally bobs free. Sherlock doesn't seem to listen, only jostles John forward until his kneecaps hit the mattress.
John leans up on his elbows, smiles and shakes his head. “No, love, it's not.” And he pinches Sherlock's bum to prove it.
John turns to Lestrade in hope of an explanation but the Inspector just pats John's shoulder, excusing himself: “Hi, John, nice to meet you. Sorry, mate, I've got to dash, otherwise Sherlock will upset my whole team. You know how he can be. See you.”
Something primal and wild rises inside John as the urge to hurt threatens to break the smooth surface of well behaved, domesticated demeanour, shredding the last barriers of John’s self-control to pieces. He imagines his core principles and ethical standards burning like bright beacons until all that's left of them is smouldering cinder. It would be so easy. It would be so good.
“Why not?” John whispers, opening his eyes and fixing Sherlock with an unmistakable stare from hooded dark blue eyes.
“What happened to your leg?” John asks, rolling onto his stomach, into the warm spot on the mattress Sherlock just vacated.
“I'm not one for cuddling.” Sherlock says the word as if it describes something rather gross and indecent. That coming from the man who just had his tongue up John's arse makes John smile.
When he looks up at Sherlock it is quite clear that he is at least as affected as John. His body is glistening with sweat, his eyes are closed and dark curls stick to his temple and forehead as he rocks his body against John's. The moan that escapes John is lewd and low and suddenly Sherlock's eyes fly open to watch.
The room is filled with their groans. Neither seems to care if anyone hears them. John is kissing and touching every inch of Sherlock's naked skin he can reach, while Sherlock desperately clings to his biceps, his back, his neck, staring up at him, refusing to blink as not to miss a mere second of the sight of John Watson above him, inside him.
But as he glances up at Sherlock, his face falls. Because Sherlock looks outright terrified. Shit! Think, Watson! Say something, or this gorgeous creature will bolt from your bed, likely never to return.
“My profession is medicine. Scandal and chinwag don't apply.” John retorts flippantly, folding his arms over his chest in gloomy defiance.
“I guess I know who killed himself here. No wonder grandfather didn't rent the flat after that.” He chokes out, before words fail him and he just holds onto John, pressing his hot face against his neck until the crying fit subsides.
Sherlock realises the second John cautiously closes the door behind him that something terrible must have happened.
Because of the heavy rain, John decides to take a short cut via the now empty Smithfield market. Usually, he avoids the area. He gets enough blood and gore at the hospital these days; sometimes, just the smell of it makes him sick. Despite, there are some rather strange things going on around the market. John had overheard whispered conversations that mentioned secret experiments, and some rather shady figures can be seen entering the market at all hours or loitering about. It’s all very hush-hush, of course, but John instinctively tries to keep his distance nonetheless. Better not get in anyone’s way these days. Having secrets is a dangerous thing during times like these. Everyone is snooping around. Paranoia spreads as German spies are seen everywhere.
John leaves the awkwardly silent bathroom when the tub is filled with enough hot water to wash away, at least, all bodily remnants of whatever it is that happened to his friend. 'He'll be fine', John thinks. 'He's always fine.' But he lingers outside the closed bathroom door, just in case...
And yet, the gorgeous man in front of him shamelessly bares himself, drawing back his knees and lifting his hips to expose his tight, dark-pink hole.
John has a bad taste in his mouth and suddenly experiences the urge to smash something. “As a gay man during those times, he'd been the perfect victim for blackmail. Is there anything in that box indicating what might have happened?”
But why Sherlock? He's made it quite plain that he isn't remotely interested in John. So why should John leaving and spending the night with a random stranger trigger such bizarre behaviour?
John finally finds the courage to meet Sherlock's gaze. The nod is barely perceptible but John registers it anyway.
“What is it? Did something happen?” John instantly feels a little bit more in charge of the situation. He dares to walk up to Sherlock and kneels down beside him. “Hey.” He says softly. “Talk to me.”
Why can't the doctor just leave him alone? Does he really has to witness Sherlock's disgusting condition, his pathetic weakness?
It’s a hot, dry summer, and Sherlock often goes out in just his shirtsleeves. He doesn’t care if passers-by think this inappropriate. “Make mend and do,” he says, grinning. John smiles back at him, their hands, arms and shoulders lightly brushing as they walk side by side. Sherlock’s pale forearms and neck acquire a healthy tan, and John loses himself in admiring the lines dividing Sherlock’s skin in fairer and darker parts when he has him naked in bed.
For Sherlock can hear John on the other side of the door and his current occupation is unequivocal, even if he desperately tries to silence himself.
Sherlock suffers through all of this with an air of dignified aloofness, as if nothing can touch, embarrass or hurt him. Yet when the doctor points out the track marks on his legs, he briefly closes his eyes and swallows audibly. They actually think he's a prostitute and charge him with soliciting as well.
There actually was a secret operation going on during the war at Smithfield market, trying to produce pykrete. 'The experiments were carried ... in a refrigerated meat locker in a Smithfield Market butcher's basement, behind a protective screen of frozen animal carcasses'. I can somehow picture Sherlock, as a chemist or as a detective, being involved in such wartime efforts. That might be the reason why he's about the market at night. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smithfield,_London#20th_century
Sherlock coughs and swallows hard but his voice is still hoarse when he answers: “Must have been Mrs Hudson. She packed my stuff and stored it... after... you know.” John just gives a curt nod. “I would have expected the police to take it away. But then, if Anderson had been on forensics, anything is possible.” Sherlock tries for a smile; the muscles in his face hurt.
“Sherlock, for god's sake, how can you say such horribly misogynistic things? Are you even aware that a thing called feminism happened? Besides, she's got a boyfriend, for all I know.” Who should string you up by your exquisitely poncey balls! John adds, if only to himself, before deciding that thinking about Sherlock's anatomy is very much not on right now.
John closes his eyes and pinches the bridge of his nose. He draws a deep breath before he feels able to look back at Sherlock. “But they were all... I mean you didn't...?”
It rapidly becomes clear that some verbal reaction on Sherlock's part is required, so he raises an eyebrow before asking: “Sorry, what? I'd rather like to finish that.” Sherlock points towards the crumpled pages in John's clenched fist.
“Oh, fuck! Sherlock, have you any idea what they might have given you?” To Sherlock’s great relief, John sounds instantly concerned, but at the same time satisfied with the explanation he’s given. Good, that will hopefully stop him from further inquiries. But better give him some more information to reinforce the feeling of reluctant frankness.
Suddenly, his head is yanked away again. John sits up, almost knocking Sherlock off balance, literally climbing onto his lap.
“You sound like someone from a Catherine Cookson novel,” Sherlock teases but there's no malice in his voice.
John grins back at him. “I know, silly alias. Borrowed it from one of my favourite movies. You can call me Hamish.”
“Don't take your frustration out on me!” Sherlock hisses back, and suddenly, the two men stand at loggerheads while the room fills profusely with aggressively male testosterone. They glare at each other. John clenches his fists. Sherlock carefully puts his violin and bow down onto the table, then pulls himself up to his full height, his eyes never leaving John’s face. John in return puffs out his chest. Sherlock notices John’s taut biceps expanding under the slightly freckled skin of his upper arms, pectorals twitching beneath short curly fur. He can also see John’s scar; it’s the first time he gets a good thorough view of it but the moment is ruined, because Sherlock is not able to focus on the damaged skin, despite all his senses heightened and his nerves singing with anticipation.
“I tried to make a difference.” Sherlock whispers as John tells him how proud he is of him. “I was so naïve...”
“Oh, I certainly will.” John sounds… sad. Not disappointed or angry, but rather, unhappy and frightened.
When they have to part to breathe, Sherlock rolls back on his left side and presses his thighs together, even crossing his ankles. John shuffles up behind him, his chest pressed against Sherlock's back, sliding his left arm beneath Sherlock's shoulder to play with his nipples while his other hand reaches around his waist to return to Sherlock's dripping cock.
Slowly, Sherlock rolls onto his side while John rummages around in the drawer of the bedside cabinet until he finds the lube. He squelches a generous amount of it into his palm and coats his cock with it.
“uk” means Unabkömmlichkeit (indispensability). During the Second World War, it was a means for temporary or revocable dismissal or non-recruitment of specialists who were indispensable and irreplaceable for carrying out tasks of the war economy, transport, or administration.
They are passing like ships in the night, silently but both highly alert, aware of the other's presence while keeping their safe distance.
Sherlock melts into John's embrace, relaxing, sighing contently as John strokes his hair and his back. They stay like this for a long while – and it's enough.
“So you've solved it?” Gibson asks and there is a tone of quizzical admiration in his voice that makes Sherlock puff up even more.
Sherlock finally looks at John – his face that is – and takes in all the sings of his obvious unease.
The millionaire gives Sherlock and John one last look of disgruntled recalcitrance, then leaves, banging the door forcefully shut behind himself.
Sherlock suddenly feels anger welling up inside him. “Why is it always me, John? Do I ask about Afghanistan? Or the army? Harry? Your parents?” Sherlock has to tilt his head slightly back to look John in the face. He can see a vein starting to throb at John's temple.
As nothing else is forthcoming, Sherlock just shrugs and lowers his brow back against his knees. John can't see his face anymore and is very grateful for that because it gives both of them some much needed privacy.
, who - despite having loads on her plate herself - kindly went through the trouble to take a look at my story.
Sherlock had wanted to taste John, his salty sweat, his milky ejaculate, had longed to lick his skin clean, sucking come from his testicles and fingers. John would have writhed and panted, perhaps even moaned Sherlock's name....
“I need a shower,” Sherlock states as he abruptly rises. John wonders briefly if all this is a bit much for Sherlock, but in his woozy state can't be arsed to ponder on it. They are both adults, for God's sake! Sherlock didn't protest; in fact, it's evident that he enjoyed them making out. Truth be told, in John's definition, this didn't even count as a shag. There had been no touching, no kissing. Just a mutual wank, then. Mates do such things, don't they?
It doesn't take long until he can feel himself still and pulse, filling the condom to the brim. To his surprise, Victor thickens and comes as well, shooting streaks of white come all over his chest, right up to his chin.
“I inherited it. The whole building. I'd just come back from the US and needed a place to stay, and suddenly I owned a house in central London. I offered Mrs Hudson the downstairs flat and moved in here.” William explains. He knows it sounds blasé but that is what had happened.
“Stop it.” Mycroft blinks, staring down at the worn linoleum. “I'll do what I can, but I fear my hands are tied in this matter.”
“Chemistry. Never got the hang of it but she just loves it. She's pretty smart. And it's a really good career opportunity, what with biotech and everything.”
Stop it! John tells himself again. This is leading nowhere; or, indeed, only to a very dark and unsavoury place.
John takes Sherlock to Angelo’s a few times where they both eat Risotto or Pasta, making sure that Sherlock dresses appropriately for these occasions. Afterwards, they watch crap telly together and John asks Sherlock’s opinion of the talk show guests; Sherlock can’t always be coaxed into deducing their dirty little secrets but sometimes he gives in just to humour John.
The door swings open and their landlady enters their kitchen, frowning, first at the state of their household appliances, then at the state of undress of her tenants.
Sherlock doesn't continue his narrative and John is not sure if he should probe for more. But as they have come this far he finally decides that he wants to know all Sherlock is prepared to disclose.
John still has no idea what exactly Sherlock is doing at Smithfield Market, but has sensed by now that it must be some sort of intelligence work. He knows better than to torment the man with questions. John has accepted that Sherlock is not at liberty to tell him anything, and quickly discovers that he gets annoyed if he has to state this repeatedly.
Sherlock is silent for a full minute before he speaks again. His voice is firm when he finally says: “Very well, I'm on board.”
Enough of this indulgence in self-pity. It's rather appalling. He resolutely ties the belt of his dressing gown, lifts his chin and squares his shoulders.
“Well, nothing new there.” Sherlock states absent-mindedly, turning towards John, who, from long term exposure to Sherlock's reasoning, is past indignation. “Suppose for a moment you are plotting, in a cold, premeditated fashion, to get rid of a rival.” John keeps his face carefully blank. “You have planned it. A text message has been written. The victim has come. You have your weapon. The crime is committed. You escape from the scene. Do you tell me that after carrying out such a cunning crime you would now ruin your reputation as a criminal by forgetting to fling your revolver into those adjacent reed-beds which would forever cover it? That instead, you would carry it home and put it in your own wardrobe, the very first place that would be searched? You can hardly be called a schemer, John, but even you wouldn't do anything as stupid as that.”
William nods, a lump in his throat. He quickly sorts through the rest of the letters. “It seems he moved on to Hamburg after that. Here, the last one:
John stares at the man crouching above him, speechless. His eyes are gleaming with fond mirth, and there's some colour fawning over his cheeks that doesn't result from their ferocious coupling.
To counter the helpless feeling of dread creeping up on him, John takes a brave step inside the room. The sheets on the bed are still rumpled, there are clothes, papers and books lying everywhere and next to Sherlock stands one of the big cardboard boxes that hold their stuff from... before. There are two dozen of them, stowed away in his old room upstairs, abandoned for years, covered in dust.
Sherlock looks through various papers at the bottom of the box. “Ah, here, a letter from the University of London:
His eyes stare at the spot where he and the stranger had stood last evening, making out. It had all started so promising, yet it had been over before it really began. Story of his life, it seems. Like his military career. Like his marriage. John sighs again, than takes out the rubbish he’s been fiddling with to throw it away. It’s a piece of paper torn from a cigarette package, Balkan Sobrarie, smelling richly of tobacco. John frowns. He doesn’t smoke… yet the smell takes him back to last night. He hesitates with the scrap piece of paper in his hand, slowly brings it close to his face and inhales.
“Maybe next time,” Sherlock murmurs and despite his age and current shagged-out condition, John's cock gives a sympathetic twitch.
“I don't want you to pretend. That's just ridiculous. We have an agreement. Now get to work. Remember, I want to know what that mouth of yours is capable of.”
Much later, John is kneeling over that oddly beautiful face, the jaw slack from sucking cock. Victor is lying on his back and John is squatting over him, his knees on either side of those narrow shoulders. Despite a little protestation, John has tied Victor to the headboard with his own belt. He'd paid for anything he wants, and that's precisely what he'll get out of this encounter.
“Since when is this even my case?” Lestrade whines and DC Coventry scuffs his shoes on the dark asphalt of the bridge, purposely averting his eyes from all concerned parties.
“His friend? His friend?!” John is yelling now. A few passers-by turn but he doesn't give a shit. “What did you really do to help him? How could you... stand by and watch him... destroy himself?” The sheer abhorrence of what Sherlock might have endured to afford his habit threatens to overwhelm John. He has to brace his hands on his knees, all air knocked out of him. Now John knows why Sherlock can perform perfectly lecherous blow jobs. The detachment in Sherlock's eyes... like he was somehow distancing himself from what his body was doing... the offer of sex to make amends... Bile burns sour in John's throat. He retches violently.
I don't want to write anymore about what I've seen. I miss you. I miss England. I miss London. I miss Marmite, tea, jam, custard, Cadbury's. I miss the rattling of the tube. I miss Regent's Park, the Thames, battered fish and chips dripping with grease and vinegar. I dream myself over there, into our warm, cosy bed, into your arms, when I'm able to sleep. My cough is so bad, it keeps me awake most of the time. Don't forget me, John. You are the one good thing life is worth living for. My whole body hurts. My hands and feet are suffering from frostbite. My socks are soaked in blood from open blisters. It's awful.
Gibson does as he's told but brushes his hand all the way down Sherlock's right arm, even over the back of Sherlock's hand.  It tightens reflexively around the armrest; Gibson notices and lets his fingers linger a moment longer. “What are you playing at, Mr Holmes? Raising the price on me? Or are you just afraid to tackle the case?” the millionaire mumbles, more wondering than accusatory.
As the evening progresses, it becomes increasingly clear to Sherlock that nicotine won't see him through the night. He perfunctorily argues with himself, but it's a lost cause from the outset. He tries to delay it, however, until he's too jaded to withstand the craving any longer. And where's the point of it, anyway? Controlled usage is not usually fatal and abstinence is not immortality. When he's sure that John won't return to Baker Street any time soon, he surrenders to his impulses and retreats to his room.
“Be careful with the stitches, though.” The doctor in John feels obliged to remind Sherlock. “I'll take a look at your cut when you've got dressed.” With that, John rolls onto his stomach and buries his face in the lush pillows of Sherlock's warm bed to savour a few more tranquil minutes of post-coital rest.
John stills, freezes; his body desperately wants to continue while at least a small part of his brain that's not completely drained of blood (that's currently needed elsewhere) tells him to STOP. But his cock is achingly hard, flushed deep purple and leaking, bobbing up and down just a few inches away from Sherlock's swollen lips and John is only human, after all. He insistently nudges the glistening tip of his cock against Sherlock's lower lip, rubbing it back and forth, smearing it with clear precome. Sherlock simply lets him; he's gone still but doesn't pull away.
John finally flees into the shower. He's tired bordering on exhausted, stuffed with pasta, tipsy from his wine and, above all, he's thoroughly fed up with his capricious flatmate-come-bedfellow. This was supposed to be a nice evening but it's turning out to be a disaster. John feels snubbed. Why the hell is Sherlock acting so peeved? God, he can be such a twat sometimes.
I just learned that the woman who hid me a few weeks back was arrested yesterday. There's nothing I can do about it.
Sherlock grabs John's hips and almost folds him in half, spreading his cheeks. John grabs the back of his knees and holds on for dear life. First, Sherlock gives his cleft some broad swipes, getting accustomed to the area. By and by, he narrows in, until the tip of his tongue is circling John's tight, pink pucker. John sighs and relaxes. Sherlock spikes his tongue and pushes it.
“So, these letters end in Naples. What might have happened afterwards?” John smirks at William over a forkful of fried noodles half an hour later. They are both just wearing dressing gowns, squatting on their couch in the living room, balancing food containers on their knees.
They look at each other over their kitchen table, fixing each other with a stare, Sherlock's challenging and defiant, John's open and apprehensive.
William smirks. “As you said, John is a very common name. I bet there are a few hundred doctors named John in the UK. No need to worry about transmigration of souls or whatever.”
As he turns left and walks up Baker Street, he passes buildings walled with sand bags. Others are damaged to different degrees by bombs, yet not recently. There are not that many people about at this time of day, as it's almost nine o'clock in the morning. School and work have started, and John sees only housewives on their way to do what passes for shopping these days and mostly consists of queueing for one's rations.
“Could be.” The man outright growls and a shiver runs down John’s spine. He looks up and despite the darkness is able to make out a long pale face framed by dark curls. John knows he really should say something and licks his lips, but no sound comes out of his mouth.
“A bit, yeah.” John still doesn't know how much Lestrade knows; he doesn't want to breach Sherlock's confidence. Better keep it vague.
Over the next few weeks John makes sure that Sherlock can sleep, even if it is with the help of strong medication. When Sherlock one evening emerges from the bathroom just in his pyjama pants and lets John see his scars John knows it’s a leap of faith but he still inhales sharply and feels uncomfortable, unable to ask.
“Thank you. That's … rather sweet of you.” Her smile broadens as she takes John in, looking him up and down, obviously approving.
My fellow passengers have been worried about German submarine attacks – but up until now we've been lucky and escaped them. We'll reach Port Said tomorrow. Finally! I've never been to another country, and now I'm going to Egypt! I'm so excited. Perhaps I'll see the pyramids. I could do with firm ground beneath my feet again.
“You'd been terribly hurt Sherlock. And you were rather badly equipped to handle such situations...”
“Yes, Sherlock, you can mock me as long as you like but I believe in what you would call sentiment.” John's not sure if they are discussing abstract relationships in general anymore, or something else entirely. He hopes - against better judgement and expertise – that Sherlock will not scrutinise his reasoning too thoroughly.
“You all right?” Sherlock nearly jumps as John's voice hits him out of the blue, the sound waves impinging on his body right between his shoulder blades, making the hairs at Sherlock's nape stand on end. He won't turn but has to.
I'm so sorry. I feel horrible. I'm thinking of you all the time while trying not to think of you all the time when I’m with him and it drives me mad.
John knows they will have to talk about it, whatever it consists of (nothing good, that much John is sure of). But not right now. It seems too intimate, too soon. They've barely had proper sex yet. Well, John, nice how you set your preferences... John admonishes himself.
“Ok, enough for the moment.” John suddenly, only wants to get out of Sherlock's room. He needs some air, a coffee and a hot shower before he feels equipped to deal with … whatever it is that has actually happened here. “Lie down. Rest. You got a bit hypothermic, spending the night on the living room floor. I'll see to you later. Get you a tea or … something.”
“You can't answer a disjunctive question with 'both'. That doesn't make any sense. Or are you trying to be funny?” Sherlock fears this might spiral out of control rather quickly but can’t fall back on any other pattern of behaviour than seeking refuge behind a verbal wall of apparently indifferent mockery.
Instead of relaxing at least a bit, Greg tenses visibly at John's words, sitting up and pulling back his shoulders. His face goes stony, mouth tight; John has only seen him like this when a case got pretty tough. John is taken aback a little and raises his glass to his mouth to hide his puzzlement.
With that, John slips back into the kitchen and returns with a pair of sharp scissors. Sherlock watches, enthralled, as John starts to cut the soiled vest off his torso, splitting the bloodstained fabric up the middle, the silver blade brushing over Sherlock's abdomen and sternum.
John is brought back to the present by this question. Somehow sobered, he's all at once almost terrified of what he might have done to Sherlock.
There's a short silence as Sherlock turns towards John, frowning. “Honestly, John, do you even know what a
Sherlock is beautiful; miles of pale soft skin with hard muscles beneath. John looks his fill, almost overwhelmed by the visual sensation splayed out in front of him. Sherlock is almost as white as his sheets. The only spots of colour as he reclines onto the pillows and stretches are his mop of dark curls and his red lips. His cock is already half-hard, resting in a nest of dark wiry hair between his long legs. John feels his own cock twitch in excitement.
“I'm way too old for lounging on the floor”, John mumbles but what he really means is 'Dear god, let me wake up from this mess!'
John is aware of the eyes that follow his movements from the shadows after his car has turned and left. He won't need it tonight. He'd call cab – later. As he walks down the derelict street lined with boarded-up shops, he knows that he's sticking out like a peacock among pigeons. Will surely drive up the price. But sod it – he can afford it.
“It's about the husband. He was found murdered on a bridge at Hampstead Heath. Shot in the head. The PA has been arrested... a young man called... Sean Dunbar. Oh, these are deep waters, John!” Sherlock mumbles as he carelessly drops the paper to the floor and returns to his laptop on the desk.
“I show you how fit I am, you spoiled brat.” John growls, pushing one hand up into William’s curls and the other down his pyjama bottoms.
Sherlock stills nonetheless. “I'm not sure it was an outright lie.” He says eventually. “We both didn't know how long my mission would take. Or if I would make it back.”
Sherlock's eyes are dark. He's lying on his back, staring at the ceiling and his face and chest are flushed pink. His erection protrudes blatantly from his concave belly, tenting his faded cotton trousers and he seems actually rather forlorn as his hands jitter at his sides.
John knows that's a blatant lie. He can hardly suppress the urge to smash something, preferably a piece of furniture that would splinter with some noise.
“I lived rough. On the streets. Slept in squats. That's where I met the founding members of my homeless network.” Sherlock twists his lips and it takes John a moment to recognise it as a smile. Nothing else is forthcoming.
John can't help it, the man makes him sick. “Well, why did Dunbar stay with you after that?” He enquires and some of his disdain must be audible in his voice.
“You’ll be fine in the morning. Just sleep.” He pads Sherlock's silk clad shoulder again, just once and very carefully.
Because Sherlock seems to clearly enjoy playtime, John pushes the thought what this says about himself aside as he goes willingly along with it. He even discovers that he's a little into spanking and getting tied up – things Sherlock, on the other hand, can't stand when done to himself. He regards any form of restrains as unbearable control. Suffering pain does nothing for him. But inflicting it, acting dominant... now, that's another thing entirely. John enjoys Sherlock's firm hand and strict discipline. The man even owns a riding crop...
John releases a breath he hadn't been aware of holding. “Jesus Sherlock, couldn't you … I don't know … tread a little bit more carefully? This is a man who doesn't seem used to being turned down. He doesn't take no for an answer.”
“Budge up.” He tells Sherlock, who slowly rolls over, taking his time to present his lovely arse. John swats him playfully. “Get a move on, you lazy slag.” Sherlock moans, surprised how much John’s words turn him on.
“I'm so sorry to bother you with this,” Mrs Hudson continues, still looking slightly worried at Sherlock, “but it's my bridge evening tonight. And it's my turn, we'll meet up downstairs. I was wondering if I could borrow some chairs?”
John just hums in response, stroking his fingertips gently up and down Sherlock's heaving sides. “God, you are such a tease, John Watson,” Sherlock chuckles and as much as his impatience is still evident in his tone, there's also a definite raw huskiness that betrays his attitude.
John takes a step towards him, then another until he stands right in front of Sherlock, who has to tilt his head up to keep eye contact. John looks down at him, and it's an unusual perspective, for him to be towering over Sherlock. It's almost as if their roles have been reversed. John's the one to lead from here.
John breathes hard as he finally removes his fingers from his arse and turns onto his side, his knees almost hitting Sherlock in the face. John's body is drenched in sweat and Sherlock has to fight the urgent impulse to lick at him, taste him. He follows John's rather clumsy movements as he carelessly wipes his sticky hand on Sherlock's expensive sheets and Sherlock briefly entertains the possibility of sucking John’s fingers into his mouth, tonguing them until they are clean.
In the time leading up to the files arrive in the afternoon, Sherlock had been searching the internet, gathering all available information regarding the victim, the suspect, Gibson's enterprises and the man himself. John had made tea and run errands.
He silently sneaks down the stairs, then pauses in the kitchen. The door to his room is ajar but suddenly the thought of being confined to the dimly lit space is a threatening menace; Sherlock fears sombre impulses lurking there in the shadows, luring him into uninhibited actions followed by loss of control, and he can't allow that!
'Why is that feeling mutual?' Sherlock thinks, but for once, he keeps his mouth shut, as it is occupied with something much better than talking right now.
“Maybe. But I need dinner first.” John gets up and walks naked over into their kitchen to order Chinese. The full view of plump arse cheeks above muscular thighs distracts William enough to stop his brooding over the fate of long-forgotten people and motivate him to engage in the process of getting some sustenance in the presence.
“I'm not sure. Zolpidem? Midazolam? I could pee in a jar to run some tests, if you really want to know...”
Sherlock doesn't move. He won't blush or flinch. Just stick to the bare facts. “I needed the money. There was nothing else to it. No need for you to get flustered. As much as I appreciate your jealous streak...”
“Sure, mate.” John wants to retreat back to the safety of his armchair and hide behind the broadsheet, but stays frozen to the spot. Somehow, the atmosphere in the room has changed. It feels charged all of a sudden.
After he's sure their landlady is settled downstairs in her flat again, however, he can't keep his curiosity in check. He gets up and walks into the kitchen. There's an envelope sitting in the middle of the table (thick, creamy paper, expensive, office stationary), and, despite being addressed to John, as it's not sealed, Sherlock opens it to peek inside.
“I can feel your heartbeat,” Sherlock says, sounding amazed and almost stupefied. Sherlock holds John like this for a moment while both men just breathe together, relishing the closeness. Sherlock is stunned into silence that he can actually enjoy this. Meanwhile, John is so turned on that coming here and now is an acute possibility, his cock giving an enthusiastic twitch at this prospect. John flexes the fingers of his right hand, digging his fingernails into his palm to distract himself with pain while his other hand comes up to cover Sherlock's, interlacing their fingers.
But then Sherlock moves a bit closer and starts to unhook his fly and John's mind goes blank. Sherlock slowly pulls the zip down and shimmies out of his tight bespoke trousers. Underneath, he's only wearing snug grey boxer briefs. His impressive erection strains against its cotton barrier, the glistening head just visible above the waistband. John unconsciously licks his lips. God, how he'd love to lick Sherlock, taste him.
He shortly hesitates in front of the closed door to the upstairs bedroom, however, to gather his thoughts, preparing himself for a probably very unpleasant encounter – and then freezes.
You would love this, John. We are all dressed up as women to pass the Italian check-points. Apparently, we are Polish girls, send from the
Yet, after all those hazy weeks of summer, Sherlock is still a marvel to John. His breath-taking beauty sends John reeling whenever he sets eyes on him. The sunlight exposes brunette streaks in his silky black curls. His pale skin is almost translucent, pulled taught over fine bones and lean muscles. Sherlock's eyes are a peculiar silvery grey-green John has yet to get tired of gazing into. And his voice... John can listen to Sherlock's deep, velvety baritone for hours, watching his expressive pink lips with rapt attention (and if he evokes images of those lips stretched around his cock, or shining wet and open, panting his name, well, John is just human, after all). That this otherworldly, fascinating, gorguous man wants him – John H. Watson, a doctor of medium height, mediocre income, questionable taste and quite insubstantial funds – is a mystery to John, but he's wise enough not to question his luck too thoroughly.
John still stares at the space vacated by Sherlock some minutes ago, rooted to the spot. What the hell did just happen?
, Sherlock! That's not... how it works in reality.” John strokes his fingertips tenderly down Sherlock's spine.
James is getting impatient, too. He wants to move forward. But there are no new orders. He reminds me a bit of you, all this pent-up energy. But he's not as beautiful as you are. God, I miss your pliant body beneath me, your long, white legs, your dark curls between them, your lovely, lovely cock.
“Virtually nothing.” William flops back onto the bed. “He seems to have been the black sheep of the family, that's all I've gathered. No one ever talks about him. I think the two brothers had some sort of falling out. I once asked my father about him when I was a teenager, because of my strange name and my classmates making fun of it. All he could tell me was that his father, my grandfather Mycroft Holmes, had a younger brother whom he never talked about, who lived in London and had been involved in some sort of scandal. That seemed pretty exotic in my very conservative family. Therefore, I somehow related to this Sherlock as an adolescent. But that's it.”
“Well, you know...” He very much hopes Greg doesn't. “Same old stuff. His Nibs is amusing himself with some kidneys tonight.”
We are moving again, up north. Apparently, there have been developments. I don't know where we are heading, but at least the casualties are much lower than in North Africa. It seems everyone is tired, even the Germans. The Italians are for sure. Everybody I meet curses the Duce and Hitler.
Especially not when Sherlock hooks his long legs around John's waist and pushes up onto his lap, grabbing the headboard again to get more leverage. This changes the angle John pounds inside him, and suddenly, Sherlock almost arches off the bed, his spine curving as if he's having a seizure.
“It absolutely does.” John agrees, staring down into the murky water sloshing in the sink. “We all have a past. Things happen to us. Imagine never anything happening to you.”
BdS: Commanders of the Security Police and the SD, or commanders of the SiPo and the SD, in short BdS (Befehlshaber der Sicherheitspolizei), were deployed by the Reich Security Office (RSHA) to the territories occupied by the National Socialists in a sort of RSHA branch office. They were  - as before the Einsatzgruppen - dealing with intelligence-related activities as well as with "special treatments" (ie the murder) of the Jews.
John feels pinned to the spot. He can't move. He has to watch and the intimacy of the moment is almost breathtaking. It makes his head spin. He wants to touch, he wants to taste, he wants to lick the sweat from Sherlock's temple and kiss those pink lips, wants to suck his nipples and his cock until Sherlock comes in thick shots down his throat. But he isn't allowed. John balls his hands into fists so as not to touch either himself or Sherlock and hopes that when Sherlock finally comes some of it will hit him on the chest or belly or – even better – in the vicinity of his already once again half hard cock.
John gazes down at his feet. He feels uneasy, as if he'd just glimpsed something unsavoury on his plate but doesn't want to upset the cook by complaining.
The moment stretches. For lack of anything else to do Sherlock starts to stroke John's back, his hand moving tentatively up and down the soft maroon jumper. John still clings to him like a drowning man but eventually his sobbing recedes. He wipes his face with his sleeve and isn't embarrassed when he finally releases Sherlock. Instead, John smiles a sad smile.
They share a few chaste kisses before eventually fatigue – physical and mental – takes over as they fall asleep.
When John announces on Thursday that he'll meet Lestrade at the DI's local in the evening, Sherlock just arches an eyebrow and gives a reaffirming nod.
“I've seen loads of pissed blokes in my time in A&E but nothing like that. Besides, I doubt it was only booze.”
Sherlock makes a choking sound as he tries to swallow around the fat cock mercilessly invading him, but instead of struggling against John's forceful grip, he opens his throat even wider, swallowing, taking even more until his hawklike nose is buried in John's dishwasher blond pubes.
Gibson stares back at him and for a brief moment, dark contempt shows on his carefully composed face. But after a second, his calm is restored. “I can assure you that our relations were entirely and always those of an employer towards a trusted young employee,” Gibson answers icily.
Sherlock gently bites down on John’s clavicle before trailing the tip of his tongue over John’s sternum, dipping in his navel before continuing further south. When his lips brush the trail of wiry hair between John’s legs, he opens his mouth wider and sucks in the head of John’s cock, twirling his tongue around and around until he can feel the shaft swelling to full hardness.
John takes the last step and a deep breath before opening the door leading directly into the kitchen. He drops the bags onto the almost clean kitchen table (just a few sealed plastic containers, nothing too drastic) and shouts: “I'm back, Sherlock! They didn't have White Spirit but I got you petroleum. Fancy that should do just as well.”
This leads to some sour lamenting of the whims of middle-aged suburban housewives with too much time on their hands (
“How...? Well, never mind... that was amazing.” John pants. He knows he should be a little unsettled, but he's just mesmerised. Before he can say anything more, however, his mouth is claimed again.
The preparation is cursory at best, but John knows that he'll come all over Sherlock's arse any minute if he doesn't get inside him NOW. His cock is still wet from Sherlock's mouth, precome dribbling copiously down the shaft. This will have to do.
I'm expected to attend church. Tedious. But the farmer's wife keeps beehives, to which I now tend. Her husband was taken away and shot by the Germans last winter as a revenge for some partisan action. Still, she took me in. She's not afraid, she says. Fierce, brave woman. It's rather beautiful around here in the summer. Woods, lakes, you can almost forget the war.
“Sure.” John gets up and walks over to the chair where he’d deposited his clothes earlier, searching for his wallet. While rummaging through his things, an idea springs into his sex-fused brain. “Do you still carry your handcuffs with you?” He asks.
He swallows and pushes that thought aside. He’ll just have to trust his intuition to be able to realize if he's confronting a cold-blooded sadistic murderer or just a pathetic travelling salesman seeking a lurid adventure away from home. Either way, he’ll cross that bridge when he comes to it.
John speeds up and hurries towards the station. Baker Street is just a short ride from Farringdon on the Metropolitan and District line. The sun is warm on his back as John Watson walks briskly through the waking London streets, the newfound enticing prospect literally adding a spring to his step. His heart is singing.
But then I remember your letters. I remember Naples. And I feel suddenly just giddy with anticipation. We'll have the rest of our lives to devote to each other. At least that's what I intend to do. Many other's won't have this chance.
“Tedious. Besides, I tried but as always, you didn't listen. Now shut up, John, if this is going to get anywhere.”
We arrived at the meeting point (to much cheering and some rather lewd remarks). I reported straight to the commander of the SOE unit, who'll get in touch with my brother. I'm not sure what consequences my defection will have. Did I desert my duties? I couldn't care less at the moment. People are speaking English, there's tea and something they keep telling me is shortbread, though it looks suspicious. Pleasures like these make facing a firing squad seem worth it. Perhaps I'll try to join ENSA. I seem to be a rather fetching lady. There might be a possible career for me in it, as a female impersonator? I couldn't bring myself to ask the commander to inquire with Mycroft about you. What if the answer I get is that you are dead or missing? That I couldn't face. Therefore, you simply can't be dead.
Later, he discovers that he must have bitten down on Sherlock's shoulder, as he encounters teeth marks on that milky, slightly freckled skin. This draws yet another spurt from Sherlock's by now sensitive cock, and he hisses in a mix of pain and pleasure. John quickly removes his hand from Sherlock's groin, smearing the gooey mess all over Sherlock's abdomen, pressing his forehead between Sherlock's shoulder blades, holding him close.
Irene's husband was evacuated to England and is now with the 302. Polish Fighter Squadron. At least that's what she hopes, she hasn't heard from him in a while. We talk between clients. She promised to put me in contact with the Polish resistance if I could enquire with Mycroft on her husband's behalf. Walter is tedious in the extreme. He demands that I report to him 'personally'. That's when he expects certain favours. I have to oblige. Irene and I have a lot in common, don't you think?
Suddenly, this feels all wrong and strange, so John ends the kiss and tries to caress Sherlock's face but the detective turns away too abruptly, disentangling himself briskly from John's personal space. His demeanour is rather dismissive, unapproachable even. While John still tries to get his breath back, Sherlock simply gets up from the sofa and walks over into the kitchen where John can hear water running.
“Why do I have the feeling that you'll be the ruin of me?” John asks before pressing a kiss to those impossible lips to shut the undoubtably cocky remark up.
He lets his shirt fall to the floor. Gladly, he remembers to take his shoes and socks off before he pulls down trousers and pants, otherwise it would have been one of his more embarrassing stripteases. He has to remember that his client is paying good money for this. Mr White is entitled to a peak performance.
Sherlock is nervous as he steps inside the lift. This is his first client of the evening. He did fit the profile NSY had compiled on the killer to the dot. That’s why Sherlock was assigned to the job by the agency. They had agreed to send him to every man who requested specifically someone resembling the other victims and wanted to meet at a posh hotel in the city. This client had even made the characteristic spelling errors in his text message. Yet, Sherlock's not sure…
Sherlock had craved some sort of sensory input to quieten the noise – just a little distraction, to give him some rest. At least three different scalpels were still lying on the kitchen table. He had got to his feet and walked over there, picked up a Number 11 blade and watched the light play on the slim silver knife. Elegant. Beautiful. If he pressed it against his skin, it would smoothly cut. He'd barely have to apply pressure. Sherlock had imagined a few swift strokes at tender flesh. But in the end he abstained; he’d been aware that the relief would be short-lived while the repugnance – enhanced by John's pity and disgust when he found out – would prevail, calling for ever more escalating measures the next time.
Later, Sherlock lies on the sofa, allegedly thinking but, truth be told, he's just taking a nap, when John asks him suddenly, nearly calling him out: “So, the case?”
The flat is unlit, chilly and silent. John checks the living room, kitchen and bathroom before knocking on Sherlock's bedroom door. There's no answer, so he hesitantly opens it to peer inside; the room is empty, the bed made and undisturbed.
On the other hand, the blackout has its advantages. The dark streets make some encounters much easier. For someone who's used to move in the shadows, it seems like the natural habitat. John has never been one for frequenting public conveniences or theatre foyers, and therefore had been a little shocked when he’d been picked up for the first time while waiting on the kerb to cross the street. A man had stepped up behind him, touched his behind, and whispered a street corner just a short walk away into his ear. John had initially frozen, then feared blackmail or a robbery, but still, he’d followed the siren call, ending up pushed against a grimy alley wall with his trousers around his ankles, while a faceless stranger had swallowed him down until he'd come with a bitten off cry.
But there is something in Sherlock's manner that raises John's suspicion. As Sherlock stares after the retreating figure John is overcome by a sense of unease he can't quite put his finger on but which makes him want to seize Sherlock in his arms and hug him tight.
Slightly appeased, Sherlock lets John relieve him of his coat. As John tries to untie his scarf, his fingers brush over Sherlock's throat. His skin is not hard and cold like the white marble it resembles, but delicately soft, warm and a bit damp from sweat.
All I want is to be with you again, desperately. I want to touch your skin and kiss your impossible mouth and hear you pant beneath me. Like you used to, but never will again.
“We are totally not talking about my sexlive!” John stalls, getting up from his chair, too, poking his index finger lividly in Sherlock's direction, close to stabbing him in the chest.
He finds said flatmate already naked, draped over the desk in their sitting room, legs spread, bum in the air. The stacks of papers, books and half empty mugs that usually clutter the table top have been put on the floor, making the approach rather difficult.
Tension rises and John meets someone. Sherlock - despite his fears and doubts - nevertheless strongly disapproves...
“I have to see the official reports – ballistics, toxicology, forensics, pictures from the crime scene. Can you get me those?”
The sheets are ruined, there's lube, sweat and semen everywhere and they desperately need a shower, but for now, they'll stay in bed together and giggle like the lovesick idiots they are.
Sherlock falls silent again and seems to gather strength. “He asked me if I could keep a secret. I said, yes, of course. Then he told me… he told me that our PE teacher used to keep him after class. That he… had to touch him. And was touched and… other things.”
He's loved John for so long but never told him. He'd sworn that if he'll get another chance he'll say it.
John actually found himself a lady friend, behind his back! It's scandalous. It's almost ... sleazy.
There's no answer forthcoming as Sherlock still seems to be gone somewhere far away. But because John actually prefers his partners to be present in the bedroom he decides to bring him back. And the best way to get Sherlock's attention John can think of right now, is to start gently circling Sherlock's right nipple with the tip of his tongue once, twice. It works; Sherlock sucks in his breath, abruptly pulled out of his reverie.
“John? Do you feel sick?” There's no answer forthcoming; only a huffing, sobbing sound escaping John's throat. It's muffled because he presses one fist against his lips.
Sherlock shrugs before stretching like a lazy, shagged out, six foot cat that got all the cream. “Haven't the faintest, John. But isn't German such an expressive language when it comes to sex?”
It gives John some confidence when Sherlock arranges his limbs with deft precision, spreading his legs a little wider before lifting one foot up to rest on his left shoulder. John shivers, feeling exposed and almost folded in half. He might be too old for this kind of stuff if it calls for this kind of gymnastics.
Back at the flat in the early hours of a Thursday morning, the sheets of their shared bed still smell of John. Yet Sherlock notices that some of his clothes and toiletries have gone – his brush, his shaving kit. What's also missing is a snapshot of them both, taken during a day trip to Brighton a few weeks back. John had asked another tourist to take it, a young woman with bright ginger hair, on an outing with another girl in slacks and a man's jacket. They hadn't dared to embrace but had stood close together on the pier, the sea stretching infinitely behind them, Sherlock's hair tousled by the breeze.
“You know...” John smiles down at the crown of dark hair. “There might be freedom in being out like this. You have nothing to loose anymore. You don't have to hide any longer.”
Walter is Walter Schellenberg, one of the highest ranking men in the Sicherheitsdienst (SD): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Walter_Schellenberg
It's a bit awkward at first, as both men lie in the dark, on their backs, just breathing. John can smell Sherlock's scent in the sheets and pillows and it's intoxicating. When he dares to move he turns on his side and, as Sherlock had the same impulse, they suddenly face each other.
“God, you are so tight.” He pants instead, twisting his fingers tentatively inside Sherlock’s hole. “I really need to fuck you, right now.” John pulls out, quickly rolls on the condom and drapes Sherlock's ankles over his shoulders. Then he lines himself up. Sherlock tenses in somewhat anxious anticipation. Yet he can’t do anything but take it. He’s tied up, and this man paid for shagging him. He’s just here to spread his legs and let his client have his way with him.
When Sherlock finally looks up, showing John the message he just typed and sent, John still stands rooted to the spot, his pupils dilated, fists clenching, his lower lip glistening wet.
John balls his left hand into a fist and brings it down hard on the floor. “God, please, no. No, no, no,” he murmurs, his voice rough with barely restrained fury.
“So, when your uncle Sherlock died the year you were born, at least he survived the war. Let’s find out what happened to our two love birds, shall we?” John settles onto the couch and pulls his legs up, placing the Milk Tray box on the coffee table.
Sherlock smiles a dark, defiant smile. “I've got relatives in high places. My family intervened. It was all hushed up but I had to leave the army nonetheless.”
John knows he should be angry with Sherlock but all he can feel is mild amusement. “That might actually have been for the better, don't you think? Otherwise it could be getting a bit crowded up here.” He chuckles.
,' John thinks and steps forward. “How much do you own?” he asks and Mr. Chatterjee retorts: “Two pounds fifty.”
Sherlock disapprovingly shakes his head but gives no other outward sign that John's comment has registered. Finally, he makes a victorious little noise, not unlike a wolf whistle. His eyes dart quickly back and forth as he soaks up all the information that the paper has to offer. “Interesting... just as I thought... oh!
Eventually, the boring, in his slander rather predictable detective is interrupted by the arrival of another authoritarian figure. Sherlock sighs, not only inwardly, as the policeman jumps to his feet and almost salutes, despite the man entering wearing civilian clothes (bespoke, of course, even when clothes can only be obtained on coupons, at least for mere mortals).
John makes a point of climbing the stairs first. There’s no way that he will stare at Sherlock's naked, lush arse ascending the steps up to his room. The idea alone is enough to make John's cock stir beneath the towel.
to entertain the axis troops. Or, plainly speaking, whores. Anyway, I'm looking quite dashing in a dark green frock with matching hat, shoes and gloves, my rather longish hair set in elaborate waves, with painted lips and a touch of rouge on my cheekbones. I imagine you undressing me, slowly, down to my silky underwear and stockings... I miss you so much it hurts.
We started to take pictures and filmed roll after role, to document what happened here. No one shall ever be allowed to forget what men can do to men. I, at least, will never be able to. I desperately want to talk to you about it, about what I saw back in Poland, but I'm not sure I'll find the right words or the strength. It's all in my notebook, though.
Sherlock exhales a long sigh before finally looking up. His face is ashen, the lips dry, eyes shining too bright. He looks like he's seen a ghost.
I took some liberties with Witold Pilecki (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Witold_Pilecki), the author of Witold's Report, the first comprehensive Allied intelligence report on Auschwitz concentration camp and the Holocaust. Though it is true that the British Government was informed during the war of the Holocaust, and did not even bomb the railway lines leading to the camps (http://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/great-britain-and-the-holocaust).
John rakes his hand through Sherlock's mop of impossibly tousled curls and seals that promise with another deep kiss.
Images flood his mind, details of a picture he dares not to focus in its whole blinding sublimity. It's terrifying but compelling:
As an answer, Sherlock's cock gives a sympathetic twitch. His gaze returns to John's groin, as if drawn there by an irresistible force.
But Sherlock interrupts him, finally snapping: “Yes, it is. We all have a past. Grow up and live with it!”
I promised to write to you every day, so this is what I'm doing. We sailed from Portsmouth, bound for Port Said, so I've been told. There's already plenty to do. Most of the boys are seasick, one fell down the stairs and broke his leg. I'm helping the ship's doctor the best I can to stop thinking about you.
“Eat your crumpets while they are still hot.” The other man smiles at him. John obliges, sighing softly when he's finished, liking his fingers.
“But I got carried away. That was nothing like... well, like we normally do it.” John is blushing a bright crimson, a colour clashing offensively with the maroon of his cardigan.
Lunch was very... revealing. Irene is originally from Poland. Impressive insight into human nature. She gave me a friendly warning and told me that I was a little too transparent. She'll see if it's possible to introduce me to some of her friends. We have to be careful.
John tries to make innocent conversation, inquiring about dinner but his attempts are not deigned with an answer. Instead, Sherlock only huffs in annoyance and turns to face the wall, pressing his forehead into the battered Union Jack cushion.
“Sher-Scott! Jesus, I thought you were born to suck cock, but this... holy FUCK!” John almost arches off the bed as Sherlock's tongue probes deeper. Down between his cheeks, Sherlock moans into John's arse, all modesty forgotten. The feeling of John writhing and squirming beneath him, loosing control, is overwhelming. He is doing this to John. And John loves it.
For example, Sherlock had caught himself standing in their kitchen, mug in hand, frozen half way between worktop and mouth, remembering the sounds John had made when pushing two fingers shallowly up his own rectum. Sherlock had imagined pushing his tongue up there, too, and his face had burned with shame as he'd felt his penis fill and stiffen. This was dirty, filthy and John would probably laugh or gasp in shock, repelled equally by Sherlock's ludicrous desires and his ineptness at executing them.
“Despite the message confirming to meet Mario on that bridge? A revolver was found in his wardrobe when the police searched the house. The fuzz believe it to be the murder weapon.” Talking about his dead husband had left Gibson unaffected but now his voice is strained with desperation.
Made contact with some officers from the Armia Krajowa. They want to try to reach Italy, to join forces with the allies. I've decided to go with them, if they'll have me. I don't think I'm of much use here any longer.
Primarily she records great podfic (with a lovely English accent). Check her out at http://archiveofourown.org/users/Lockedinjohnlock
He's getting through his stash faster than anticipated. At this speed, he'll be in need of new supplies in four days. Sherlock hates the necessary interactions with the providers of his substances of choice. It's so … undignified, almost sleazy; even if he doesn't buy from shady individuals lurking in grimy alleyways or squalid council flats anymore, now that he can afford better. But the posh West End clubs or faceless hotel rooms are only slightly less sordid. Sherlock still feels stained when returning from his procurements.
As he sits up, his head starts pounding. Luckily, John left painkillers for him, so Sherlock takes three tablets but has to swallow them dry. Well, needs must...
A moment later, there's a firm knock on the door before an impressively handsome man enters, his tall, gaunt figure brimming with a suggestion of hunger and rapacity. His face is hard-set, remorseless, with a strong chin and sharp but cold grey eyes. After eyeing the two men in turn, taking in the dingy untidiness of 221b with a stern gaze, he walks over and lowers himself rather unceremoniously onto Sherlock's chair. Sherlock is forced to turn around, looking down at the new arrival. Their guest isn't the least intimidated.  John had got up as the man had entered and now instinctively moves to Sherlock's side, standing a little more upright, every inch Captain John H. Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers.
John has gone very pale. He has to take a deep breath, then another, and fights the impulse to instantly flee from the room like a four-year-old caught red-handed with his hands in the biscuits tin. He's a grown man, for god's sake; a soldier! He won't retreat!
“Come up here, you lewd thing,” John sighs avidly, totally spent. He pats the pillow next to him and Sherlock budges up. They look at each other, both dishevelled and dazed and John is the first to start snickering.
William looks at him with a fierce expression of adoration on his face. “We will.” He promises, before lowering his gaze again to take the last papers out of the box.
“We were both put in handcuffs and chained in some dark cellar. He blamed me, and our commander wanted to believe him. But suddenly, the rescue ships arrived. Mind, I was one of the last to get out, together with other comrades who had apparently violated regulations. Back in London, my brother pulled some strings. As both my commander and the other man involved had drowned during the evacuation, the most important witness had perished. Still, I had to leave the army.” He stares down into his lap. “It shouldn't matter, you know. I wasn't a coward or anything. I did my duty. But my father... my father accused me of lacking bravery, you know. He said to my face that if I were an honourable man I'd do the right thing and kill myself. That was the last time he spoke to me.”
And despite all his sorrow, all his regrets, Sherlock grins back, his bleak features lighting up with a real smile. “Thoroughly.”
Of course, he has buried all the blankets underneath his lithe but – at least in sleep – surprisingly heavy body but John can't summon up enough irritation to get cross. Instead, he is strangely affected by Sherlock's presence and very glad that his flatmate is sound asleep and therefore unable to witness John's fond grin as he climbs into bed next to the world's only consulting detective.
When Sherlock eventually only brings up green-grey bile, he sinks to the floor, exhausted. John silently pours him another glass of water. After gulping it down, Sherlock coils in on himself on the cold hard bathroom floor and John slumps down beside him.
Usually, John thinks of this particular act as dirty and filthy. But looking at the man below him, at his open desire and wanton display of lust and enjoyment, he realises that there's no need to feel guilty. What they are doing here might be raw and unconventional, but it's neither unnatural nor dirty.
“But how many doctors are named John Watson, live at Baker Street, and shag a bloke named Sherlock?”
But it's true. There's been one ferocious shag the night after Mary had been exposed, more adrenaline fuelled than driven by love. Sherlock had fucked John on the sitting room floor, hard and fast and desperate, staying almost fully clothed in his need and urgency to claim and possess again what once had been his but what he'd since... lost? Forsaken? Sacrificed?
John blushes at those blunt words, but then, it's true. So he strips until he stands starkers onto the black and white tiles, modestly covering his genitals with his hands.
John rubs his erection against Sherlock's upper thigh, moisture leaking through the thin fabric of his boxers, and Sherlock shudders as the wetness seeps through his pyjama bottoms and comes into contact with his quadriceps femoris.
Sherlock is on the brink of answering but is literally saved by the bell. “Ah, that must be our new client!” With that, he jumps up, straightens his jacket and perches languidly on the edge of the desk.
“Oh, god.” John groans. “You mean, some poor bugger might have listened in?” John sinks down onto a kitchen chair, holding his head in his hands.
I still see Mary sometimes, just for a chat or a cup of tea (no use trying to go for a drink here). She's still nice and good fun... But...
“Fuck, fuck, fuck!” John groans, then literally jumps out of bed (barely escaping toppling over as his feet get tangled in the sheets) and dashes after him, grabbing Sherlock's arm as he reaches the foot of the steps.
Then he envisages Sherlock downstairs, in his room. What's he doing there? Does he muse about what just happened between them? Is he playing out possibilities in his head, tossing them around? John is sure he saw recognition in Sherlock's eyes just minutes ago. Does he contemplate how to go about it?
“Sherlock...” John begins, but falls silent as Sherlock's hands rise to John's belt. His dexterous fingers make quick work of the knot before brushing the fabric aside. John is naked underneath, his cock level with Sherlock's mouth. At the close sight of it, Sherlock's gaze becomes a little wary, as if his courage falters.
Sherlock only sighs; it's not a passionate expression but rather fuelled by exasperation. “You want to go even slower?” he asks sardonically but then he gets a bit breathless as John continues to pay attention to his nipple, by now a hard nub of rosy pink flesh.
“Random people are not a threat. I don't know them. They don't know me. It's purely physical. I don't care for them. It might even be enjoyable, if I can let go. And if it's disappointing, I'll never have to see them again. But it's different with you.”
The expression on Gibson's face suddenly becomes one of fiendish spite. He slowly raises himself to his full height, clenching his fists. He's almost towering over Sherlock, who just smiles one of his false smooth smiles.
John clears his throat. “Apparently, your great-uncle died of a pulmonary emphysema on... fuck me, Will, on January 6, 1976. Isn't that your birthday?”
He'd been smoking like a chimney all afternoon and the ashtray in front of him is overflowing but Sherlock doesn't care as he stubs out another cigarette. Ash and butts spill on the coffee table, probably leaving marks but so what? There’s no-one around to admonish him and even if there were, he wouldn't listen.
“It's ok. It's all right,” John murmurs encouraging, but suddenly Sherlock pushes back, violently, finally freeing himself from John's grip, panting hard. John lets go of him until there are again a few inches of safe distance between them.
I had to stop. Writing it down made it even more real and saved those atrocities I’m forced to partake in for posterity. I don't want to remember. Having to feign and pretend all the time, I fear I'm losing myself. My personality dissolves and is replaced by a repellent stranger. I'm so alone. God, look what a whining, sobbing mess I've become. How are you? I'm starting to forget how you looked, how you smelled, the sound of your voice. I long to hear an English voice, have a decent cup of tea... and you. In our bed. In London. That's all I want.
Sherlock gets up, pushing his chair back but then has no idea what to do next. He stands in the middle of the kitchen and wonders if he should just leave. John's body, only inches away, is radiating scarcely suppressed rage. Sherlock suddenly knows that this will end badly.
He's not equipped to deal with John's … affection? No, there had been something different, something threatening and unsettling. John had clearly displayed predatory intentions. Sherlock shuts his eyes and exhales. What had he gotten himself into?
Sherlock has retreated to his bed and now cowers on the duvet, knees pulled up to his chest, arms clutched around them, rocking back and forth.
John relaxes a bit. “May I?” He gestures over to another low Ottoman and, as his host nods in approval, sinks down onto it, trying to stay upright and not succumb to the temptation of lying back even if just for a little while. “You were suddenly gone last night. I searched for you... I thought something might have spooked you. But I couldn't get our... encounter out of my head. Yet I didn't even get a proper look at you. Then, this morning, I found your note in my coat pocket and thought, sod it, there was an air strike just last night, who knows how long we might have, carpe diem and so on, so I better go over to your place right now. And here I am.” John sounds a little lost at the end of his speech.
They both fall silent until John chuckles: “And once again, you successfully steered me away from the issue I wanted to discuss. But at least it was with an admission of fallibility on your part. That counts for something.”
“What?” John snaps, yanking up his head and squaring his shoulders as if preparing for an onslaught.
I met Mary again. She was with a nice young fella called David. They said they wanted to get married. I'm so glad for them.
When he returns to the sitting room, wrapped only in his robe, Sherlock is still on the sofa. He is now, however, perched on the edge, his back rigid, head bowed down. John just wants to go over and rake his fingers through his curls but somehow that feels inappropriate, since Sherlock has radiated pure discontent all evening.
But fearing for his sanity and self-respect, John, for the love of god and all that is holy, won’t put this specific hypothesis to test in the foreseeable future.
“No, of course not. At least not all the time.” John has calmed down a bit. The shock of nearly confessing his feelings to Sherlock has brought him to his senses. He has to be more careful, he reminds himself, slumping back into his chair, raising his hands in apology. “Just don't generalise your bleak views on humanity. Especially not regarding my family.”
I lay awake all night, thinking about you. I started to touch myself but felt ashamed afterwards. Still miserable.
They've been here since Hansom cabs drove on the streets and messenger boys ran up the stairs, and now are still occupying this place in the times of mobile phones, the internet and cars. What they must think of the changes they've witnessed, Martha wonders? Well, somehow, she's sure they are intrigued and fascinated by it. Yet there's also a touch of sorrow surrounding them. They were never allowed to hold hands on the streets or even call each other by their Christian names in public. Instead, they had to hide in the shadows and whisper of their love only in the save darkness behind bolted doors.
John lies close to Sherlock, his head on the taller man's shoulder – there's just not enough room in this bed to keep one's distance, even if he'd wanted to – when Sherlock asks somewhat shyly: “As for penetration...?”
John crumples the bespoke piece of expensive clothing in his eagerness to retrieve the cuffs. Sherlock is surprised that he doesn't really care. All that's important is that John returns to the bed and gets into him right fucking now!
“It breaks my heart, nonetheless.” John takes Sherlock's hands in his, stroking his thumb over too-prominent knuckles. Sherlock relaxes a fraction and turns his hands palms up, gripping John's wrists, holding onto him.
Vera Lynn was a very famous singer, especially during the war. You can listen to a version of her most famous song We'll Meet Again here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHcunREYzNY
John adds a little twist to each stroke, massaging Sherlock's frenulum with his thumb. Suddenly, Sherlock's breath hitches and John can feel yet more wet stickiness on his fingers. Sherlock bucks violently into his fist, his breathing ragged, as a strained shout erupts from his mouth.
“Who did this to you?” John asks, his voice surprisingly steady. Sherlock has finally stilled and sagged on his arm, one hand pressed against the door frame to support his weight.
He tried the best he could to answer John's questions but wasn't in the mood for conversation. They had barely seen each other over the past 48 hours. Sherlock had longed for John, had even missed him but now had no idea what was expected of him. It was beyond comprehension why John would want to sit around, eat and make small talk. Sherlock was aware of his increasingly snappy reactions and cutting remarks but he couldn't help it. He was simply sick to death. He'd suppressed so much over the past few days that his defences that kept his mercurial temper in check were now crumbling.
“Ok.” John realises that he's nearly naked in their freezing sitting room. Sherlock, of course, is totally unfazed, ignoring him over – Jesus Christ, are these human eyes? - whatever mess sitting on the slide he's concentrating on. “Fine. Uhm... I'm off to bed, then.”
Just as he has settled in for the night and is about to close his eyes, wriggling under the sheets to find the most comfortable position to sleep in, he can hear the violin start screeching downstairs. It's not even a proper tune, just painfully shrill noises.
“Sherlock, can I just ask you a question?” John says after he's pulled away a few heated minutes later.
Just as I sat down to start my daily letter to you a telegram from your brother arrived. It just said 'Grand Hotel Vesuvio, room 221'.
They both jump when they can hear footsteps approaching. It’s too dark for anyone to see what they are up to, yet still, the risk is just too high. Quickly, John tugs himself away, fastening his still open trousers. Someone’s passing them. John can hear chatter and laughter over his own heavy breathing, his heart beating in his throat. When the group has eventually walked by and must be out of earshot, he turns, trying to find his new acquaintance, but it’s too damn dark.
“I liked it. Because it was different. It was exciting. We both lost control. Do I want to be cuffed to the bed and fucked within an inch of my life every time I share a bed with you? Obviously not. But every now and then? Yes. I'd like to do that again. And you as well. So stop torturing yourself, for god's sake.” Sherlock's out of breathe after this outburst. He turns and puts the kettle on. He needs some tea!
Upstairs, he's greeted with a pot of hot black coffee, two cups, a pile of sugar cues and a small jug of real cream.
“If, by implications, you mean that our relationship won't be graced by vigorous shagging on every available surface, then it might come as a surprise to you that I am totally prepared to give it a miss if it's not what you want.”
He must have fallen asleep, for suddenly, there are hands on his body. His eyes snap open and with some effort, he blinks the frame of his flatmate into focus, standing above him, clutching his right arm, shaking him.
And with that, Lestrade rushes down the stairs to board a waiting panda car, which immediately pulls off the curb before the door on the passenger side is pulled fully shut.
“Speaking of him... did you know that he lied to me back in London? That he told me it would be about six months...,” John tries not to sound too bitter but can't continue for the fear of his fury showing.
Sherlock snorts with histrionic laughter: “You really believe that, John? People living together, getting married, not for their individual gain but out of some vague romantic notions?”
Sherlock needs a moment to process the question. He hadn't thought about actually charging John. Isn't their little game over? Apparently not. Well, what might he'd been worth? Finally, he says: “250 quid.” He has no idea if this is too much or if he's seriously undercharging John but hopes that John won't know either. He makes a mental note to check out escort's rates for various services provided for future reference.
I'm now dressed in a black SS-Hauptsturmführer uniform. It's frighteningly fitting. I look rather dashing. The woman hiding me gasped in shock when she saw me. I'll report to my unit on Monday. Wish me luck.
“But I have. For you.” John blurts out, paling now – with anger. “Therefore, I won't just insert part A into orifice B – as you so colourful put it. Good night, Sherlock!”
“Because you... left me. I was so alone, afterwards...” John can't go on. He isn't yet ready to tell Sherlock about the black months he'd spent staring at the barrel of his gun, weighing it in his hand. He has no memory of the funeral. All he remembers is throwing a few things into a holdall and leaving Baker Street in the middle of the night. He'd stayed at a hotel for a few days until he'd found an anonymous bedsit in Croyden.
“I doubt it. But who knows?” Sherlock smiles down into his mug. He doesn't care. But watching John's embarrassment is rather rewarding. “By the way. That was a clever plan, John. How did you fake the message to the escort agency? It seemed genuine.”
That is easier said than done with John's pants still around his thighs but he tries to comply as best he can.
He has to grip the back of John's chair to steady himself and John is up on his feet in an instant, offering his assistance but Sherlock just pushes him away and tries to unwind his scarf, failing miserably.
It doesn't take long. They are both too keyed up, starved for touch. John fucks Sherlock viciously, hard and fast, and bites down on his shoulder to stifle the cry as he comes deep inside him. Sherlock holds him tight as the aftershocks ripple through him, before he pushes up against John's hard-muscled belly, once, twice, and shoots his load all over his own chest right up to his chin. John watches, wide-eyed, before he bows down and licks Sherlock's come off his skin.
“Hey, look at me.” Sherlock has obvious trouble lifting his head and to gaze at John. When he eventually succeeds, his eyes are glassy; the irises, which can shine all colours from light grey to deep blue, right now are almost colourless, the pupils the size of pinpricks. “You're not just drunk, are you?” John's world has started turning again, but now it skips slightly off-kilter. “What else did you take?” He has trouble concealing his anger. 'Don't scare him off', a voice whispers in his head, and John switches into doctor mode to emotionally detach himself from this lunatic he happens to share his digs with.
“I'll have a shower first.” His new acquaintance says before locking himself in the small bathroom while John sits down on the bed and switches the TV on, zapping though the channels.
“And you like it.” John grins against hot skin, now not so pale anymore but slightly flushed, before plunging just a little bit lower, grazing his teeth over Sherlock's pectorals. That elicits a very lewd moan.
John goes very still. Breathe, he thinks, as pictures flood his mind: A broken body, strangely distorted, dark wool soaked in bright red blood that quickly oxidised into a rusty viscous liquid when coming into contact with air.; a copper smell suddenly filling his nostrils. John nearly gags. “I had to watch you jump off a building. You were lying in a puddle of blood on the pavement... It was everywhere. You had no pulse...” John is unable to suppress the choking sound that escapes his mouth.
It’s not without danger either. As cars are not allowed to switch on their headlights, the number of deadly road accidents has skyrocketed. Before the Blitz, most severe injuries John had treated at Bart's resulted from car accidents. He also used to collide frequently with other pedestrians before most of them started to carry something white- a handkerchief, a newspaper, gloves, a brassard. It helps. John himself usually takes a newspaper but tonight it’s raining, so he’s tugged The Telegraph away in his satchel. Gladly, due to the ghastly weather, there are only very few people about.
“Sorry? Whatever. I'm about to hand you the conclusion to a rather intriguing case, a very subtle and outright sly affair.”
John sighs. “I know. It’s just… this is bloody dangerous, Sherlock. I’m… I’m just…” John pinches the bridge of his nose between thumb and forefinger, willing the kettle to boil.
John shoves one of his fists into his mouth to not cry out, raking the other through silky, damp hair, and comes down the stranger's throat. Gorgeous lips suck him through it, greedily caressing his shaft to milk him dry. Despite the darkness, it would be quite obvious what they doing for anyone who happens to pass them by. The danger is tantalising, making John’s blood boil in his veins.
Sherlock looks up again. There’s a touch of colour to his pale cheeks. “His name was Victor. I didn't really like him...“ Sherlock's small laugh lacks any humour. “He was tall, blond, incredibly arrogant. Good at sports. His family arrived in England alongside William the Conqueror. They were still obscenely rich. Victor was quite popular. We moved in different circles.” A strange expression crosses Sherlock's face. “But then one day we were teamed up for a science project. He needed an A in physics to be able to apply to Oxford, like his father and his father before, you know...” John doesn't, but that isn't important right now. “As it happened he was totally ignorant of the concepts of translational and rotational equilibrium. So he needed me.”
Gibson, instead of getting up, only leans sideways in Sherlock's chair, an angry gleam in his grey eyes and a tinge of colour creeping up his collar. John instinctively takes a step forward to position himself between their bristling client and the world's rudest consulting detective. “What exactly do you mean by this, Mr. Holmes? Do you dismiss my case?” Gibson asks dangerously low. He reaches out and grabs Sherlock's shoulder, forcing him to turn around.
The Venlo Incident Mycroft mentioned in chapter three was a covert SD-Security Service operation, in the course of which two SIS agents were abducted on the outskirts of the town of Venlo on 9 November 1939. The incident was later used by the German Nazi government to help justify Germany's invasion of the Netherlands, while a neutral country, on 10 May 1940 (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Venlo_Incident).
“Could you open the handcuffs, or is this the part where you reveal yourself as being some sort of psychopathic whore slayer, suffering from religious frenzy?” Sherlock rattles the cuffs a bit to remind John of untying him.
“What did you tell him?” Sherlock asks his brother as he lowers John's letter into his lap with shaking fingers. His eyes are suspiciously shiny. Mycroft sincerely hopes his little brother won't start crying. There’s only so much one can deal with at one in the morning.
When John leans against the damp shutters to get his breath back, he can sense the presence of another human being. But it’s too dark to see anything. Suddenly, a cigarette glows not five feet away. John can smell the rich, sharp scent of Turkish tobacco, a luxury these days. There seems to be a pale face behind the red glimmer, just barely illuminated, but not enough to make out any detail.
Sherlock bestows his attempt at conversation with a snort, then coughs and has to wipe his mouth on the sleeve of his 200 quid bespoke dress shirt.
Thoroughly convinced of his innocence, Sherlock keeps on reading a rather fascinating article about a burglary in Islington (it's one in a series of similar crimes and it's quite plain that the chartered maintenance contractor is involved, as all sites were served by the same company) until the paper is violently torn from his hands and Sherlock is forced to look into John's distorted, bright red face.
, John. You know I can be very convincing. Even back then. And I needed proof. Evidence. A sample!” Sherlock attempts to hide behind a façade of passive indifference but unconsciously gives himself away, for his knuckles have turned white as he tightly grips his legs to stay grounded.
Did Sherlock shoot up, then hurt himself on purpose? The thought is unbearable. Nevertheless, John is a doctor. He has seen a lot of weird coping strategies.
And then John sees it. A heap of dark crumbles, some bigger pieces still intact and recognisable – an arm, a leg. John lifts one chunk off the floor, holding the stale bit between thumb and forefinger.
“Just let me have a go at your nose.” Before Sherlock can protest, John places his thumbs on either side of Sherlock's dorsal and suddenly applies pressure. There's the dull cracking noise of cartilage against bone, and then Sherlock screams in pain – a high-pitched wail – before sputtering: “Fuck, John, what the hell...?”
John swallows. “He really should have insisted on admitting you to hospital,” he says finally but it's a weak complaint, since John knows how obstinate Sherlock can be.
and a million other things but that would imply admitting his confusion, so he stays silent instead.
“How dare you call me sick and perverted? I'm not the one rubbing one out in my dark, solitary bedroom, fantasising about my flatmate. Have you seriously thought I'd miss how you ogle me when you think I'm not aware? Believe me, when I say to you that I am absolutely not interested, as I'm sure I made clear before. And even if I'd engage in such activities, you'd be the very last person I'd consider sharing my bed and body with. To be honest, if I hadn't been in such desperate need for a flatshare, I wouldn't have put up with you in the first place. What do you think you have to offer? You, a conventional, average, middle-aged invalid with anger issues?” Sherlock's voice has gone from mockingly contemptuous to pure vitriol in the course of his little speech, and he spits the last words out like something foul lingering on his tongue. A pounding vein stands out prominently on his forehead.
At first, he’d wandered around blindly but in the end had found himself unconsciously following the Grand Union Canal tow path westwards. Reaching Wormwood Scrubs, he'd crossed the vast yet deserted open space, coming to stand in front of the iconic entrance of HM prison. He'd put a few men behind these bars himself but the idea had offered him neither consolation nor satisfaction. He had returned to Baker Street. The flat was still cold and empty, thus reflecting his state of mind adequately.
William remembers the tall, bald, slightly overweight man who always dressed in immaculate bespoke three-piece suits. He’d worn an old-fashioned pocket watch, and one of William’s earliest memories is playing with its chain while bouncing on his grandfather’s knees. He’d been fond of good food and good wine and he had evidently possessed the money to pay for both; as he’d done for William’s excellent education, which his grandson had decided to throw away along with a trust fund he blew on heroin.
We'll sail for Italy tomorrow. Never been there, though I recall you telling me travelling to Florence and Rome after university. So I'm getting my grand tour after all as well.
John slumps down inelegantly and lands in on uncomfortably cold and rather sticky patch of bedding. He rolls on his side, squirming while trying to pull his left leg up to stretch it, but is hindered by his pants still tangled around his legs. Sherlock is quite unceremoniously shoved away and flips down onto the mattress, only to be nearly kicked in the face when John ineptly starts to wriggle out of his boxers while cursing under his breath.
So? Did Doctor John H. Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers fuck up royally, or is Sherlock just being Sherlock? After all, the git had been in a strange and precarious mood all day and maladroit might be his second name any given day.
Despite being on hiatus Lockedinjohnlock took it upon her to beta these 15 pages of smut I dropped in her inbox! Thank you so much for it! Look her up on AO3 or follow her on tumblr @lockedinjohnlock-podfics.tumblr.com! It's truly worth it!
John crosses his arms and raises an eyebrow: “Honestly? Poisoning my coffee is so two months ago...”
John nods, gets up and starts to dress himself. “The room's paid for all night. You can take a shower if you like.” He throws a few notes down onto the bedside cabinet while Sherlock covers himself with a sheet, suddenly self-conscious.
John could just go and ask. He could just walk in on Sherlock, push his hand in his dark hair and pull him into a messy kiss, then straddle him, rubbing his hard cock against Sherlock's, clad in bespoke trousers worth at least half a month's rent. John imagines Sherlock struggling – a bit – but he’s been a soldier, he’s sure he could effectively overpower that lanky (if wiry) boy to yield to his whims. Push him down onto his knees, for example. Oh, and what John could then do to him…
On the first floor, a door stands ajar, opening into a cluttered sitting room. John looks around in awe. There are stuffed animals residing on shelves crammed with books (in different languages); a human skeleton stands to attention in one corner. The large desk between the windows is covered in papers. The dining table is occupied with what seems to be a rather complex chemical experiment, containing test tubes, Erlenmeyer flasks and a Bunsen burner. The room smells heavily of incense while the curtains are drawn, shutting out the sunshine. His host has reclined onto a velvet settee, lying back on embroidered cushions, one arm stretched languidly above his hand, a cigarette dangling from long, white fingers.
Sherlock is already leaking. John can use his precome as natural lubricant, smearing it over the slit, glans and down his hard shaft. He can feel Sherlock pulsing in his fist. God! This is not going to last very long.
Again painstakingly beta'd by Lockedinjohnlock, who is now on tumblr. Hurray! Welcome to hell! Look her up at lockedinjohnlock-podfics.tumblr.com - there you'll find all her marvellous Sherlock podfics. Listen!
From down here, Sherlock cannot see John's face, but he can hear him pant and groan. Sherlock has to bite his lip hard not to join him until he draws blood from the cut on his lower lip. However, as John adds the tip of his second finger, stretching his tight hole visibly until it eventually relaxes from his ministrations, Sherlock starts to come undone, his self-control wearing thin, becoming frayed at the edges. He presses his uncomfortably hard cock firmly against the mattress and starts to rut, moving his pelvis in shallow circles. The sudden friction is absolute bliss as he wriggles and writhes and finally can't stop himself as a low moan escapes his mouth.
“I … think … someone spiked my drink...” Sherlock murmurs, even blushing slightly. It's one of his better performances.  “It's … rather embarrassing. I should have known better. But I was … distracted … and when one of the suspects offered me a drink... well, it was textbook. Utterly humiliating.” He coughs, then stares at a spot on the floor right next to John's feet.
They leave for the South coast an hour later, Sherlock by now dressed in the dark blue uniform and the beret of the Milice Francaise, his head almost shaved, the remaining hair atop of it dyed a reddish blond.
On the other hand, there had been all these little incidents over the last few weeks. And yesterday, he'd been quite… keen. John is sure of this, no matter what Sherlock tells him. John's been around the block; he knows about these things.
Meanwhile, John has no idea concerning Sherlock's whereabouts, as the consulting detective doesn't spare one sodding thought as to inform John of the developments, or at least tell him that he's all right. John's increasingly worried and seriously contemplates calling Mycroft, when Sherlock stumbles into their flat on Friday afternoon, his coat dirty, his bespoke trousers torn, soot under his fingernails, smelling very obviously unwashed for some days. His face is haggard, lips chapped, his hair's a mess and his chin even sports some surprisingly chestnut stubble. He starkly resembles someone from his homeless network.
“Anything else lurking in your past?” he enquires, almost nonchalantly but his hollow voice and sagging shoulders betray him.
In the 33 years of his life, Sherlock had been fed his fair share of malady. He'd encountered various rather unpleasant elements (vicious serial killers and ruthless East End bouncers among them); he'd broken into at least three high security buildings, had been at the mercy of members of Her Majesty's Revenue & Customs and officers of various divisions of the UK's police forces (only the intervention of his brother had saved him from coming into contact with the more refined machinery of the British judicial system); speaking of Mycroft, at one point Sherlock had committed a deed that could well be rated as high treason. He'd infiltrated the TTP to rescue Irene and, at a very low point, had even lived rough in South London for a few months. But never in his whole life had he been as terrified as when he'd entered John's room and asked to stay the night.
Just as she turns and leaves for her sitting room to switch on the telly, she can see two translucent figures holding each other in her darkened kitchen. They have shed their waistcoats and stiff collars, even rolled their shirt sleeves up to their elbows.
“Passion. Feelings. That sort of thing.” John blushes. This is decidedly not his area, but some things have to be spelled out for Sherlock.
What he reveals makes his heart sink. Most of the scars have faded to light pink gashes but some wounds are still an aggressive bright red. John stares, cataloguing; he's been to war, he knows what he's looking at. The deeper incisions are not smooth enough to have been made by a knife. Rather a blunt instrument; back in Afghanistan they'd often used a screw driver as it came in handy and caused a lot of pain. But here are round scars in different sizes as well, the skin shining a delicate rose: burns. And, on Sherlock's lower back, a pattern of quite well healed parallel welts – presumably caused by some sort of whip.
They are both silent, muted by all the unspoken accusations hanging between them, making the atmosphere thick and charged with helpless wrath. John's eyes burn. Sherlock's lips are pressed into a tight, straight line.
“Then perhaps you should just accept that?” Greg finally looks at John. His eyes are dark but understanding; his whole expression shows deep concern.
John swallows. He’d been early for his shift. They always need Doctors at the hospital these days. John prefers being busy than sitting alone in his dingy room, staring at the peeling wallpaper, listening to Vera Lynn singing on the wireless in the kitchen of his landlady, until he wants to smash something.
They don't make it into the bed on the far side of the room. John takes Sherlock right there on the floor, the thin rug leaving burns on Sherlock's back. Sherlock eventually got naked but John only had time to pull his trousers down to mid-thigh before Sherlock grabbed him by the hips and positioned him between his spread legs. Luckily, there's still a bottle of olive oil next to the balsamic vinegar that had accompanied Sherlock's salad for dinner. Otherwise, they would have done it dry. Sherlock wouldn't have cared, but the oil makes everything deliciously slippery and much easier.
Sherlock lies awake a long time after John has fallen asleep, listening to his breathing, cataloguing the freckles on his shoulders, memorising the curl at the nape of John's neck, his smell after sex, the firmness of his warm flesh beneath his fingers.
John ascends the 17 steps leading up to the flat in high spirits. Even the three Tesco bags that cut into his fingers can't diminish the pure glee he experiences while walking up. Being able to do this again, after all that has happened... no, stop it right here, Watson! Let bygones be bygones. No use crying over spilled milk.
Sherlock looks at John, takes in his pink face, hooded eyes, his heaving chest, his usually fair hair now dark and spiky with sweat. Sherlock seems satisfied with the debauched abandonment he encounters because he slowly removes his fingers.
John hardly ever stays at his dingy lodgings anymore. Most of his time he spends at Baker Street. He’s pretty sure that Sherlock’s landlady knows that something is going on between them, but she just smiles at him and slips him pastries, made with real butter and loads of sugar. In return, he looks after her hip, pinching painkillers from the hospital’s pharmacy.
Ahead lies another weekend with Walter. He wants to go to the seaside. Irene gave me a few useful tips how she manages to zone out during the act. She also suggested to get him sloshed. That should be easy. Professional advice is always highly appreciated.
John – Hamish – rakes his eyes up and down Sherlock’s lean, naked body but doesn’t otherwise move. Sherlock slowly crawls onto the bed until he’s hovering over John on all four, his knees at either side of John's thighs, his mouth just inches away from John’s lips.
Sherlock looks up at him from hazy silver eyes, grabbing the headboard and invitingly spreading his lean thighs.
John shakes his head. “No, I... I'm so sorry, Sherlock.” He slowly gets up and walks over to the other man, slumped over in his chair, staring at the floor. John reaches out and slowly takes one of his balled fists between his palms and smooths the white knuckles until Sherlock somewhat relaxes, burying his face in the soft linen covering John's belly.
It wasn't as tiring as anticipated, despite being prolonged by John's unnecessary gentleness. At first, John reacted much as Sherlock had predicted. But as Sherlock offered John to use him as he pleased something barely perceptible shifted. When John looked at him during his service there was a frailty in his gaze that almost scared Sherlock. John on the brink of orgasm was far more open, fragile and vulnerable than Sherlock had dared to anticipate.
“It's ok, he told me.” John feels the need to clarify. Perhaps Lestrade wants to protect him from the ugly truth?
After adjusting, stretching out, leaning his head back, Sherlock closes his eyes and drifts off. His mind is blank. He thinks of nothing, just relishes as his muscles relax and his frozen body warms up again. As the tension eases, so does his grip on his memory and images start to flood his thoughts: The angry distorted face of a man, spider web tattoo on his broad neck
In his dream Sherlock smiles to himself and John smiles back at him, admiring Sherlock’s clever thoughts and beautifully versed poetic ruminations, even reaching out his free hand to stroke Sherlock's cheek tenderly. The touch burns and leaves an ugly dark stain, a hideously repugnant black mark and then Sherlock can feel his skin peel off his face as John flails him with clawing fingers, ripping away pale skin, yellowish subcutaneous fat tissue, pink flesh and red muscle (Zygomaticus, Orbicularis Oris, Risorios, Mentalis), exposing the white bones, until he's but a grinning skull (not unlike Billy on the mantelpiece). John smiles all the time, a sweet and slightly gawky smile, murmuring softly “Look at you! Just look at you!”
John exhales through his nose, pent up tension leaving his body. His hand comes up and rakes through Sherlock's curls, resting on the back of his head. They kiss, careful at first, exploratory, before their mouths become bolder, their tongues pushing in deeper. Sherlock is a rather good kisser – well, what is the man actually bad at, apart from social niceties? Even if he hasn't done this before (not even snogging? John can't believe this, but then, it's Sherlock “alone protects me” Holmes), he's nothing if not quick on the uptake.
But Sherlock interrupts the millionaire with an annoyed sigh. “I assure you that is entirely unnecessary. People lie, facts don't. Good day Mr Gibson, I'll contact you as soon as I have some news.”
Gibson looks up at John, his grey eyes piercing. “Do you condemn me, Doctor Watson?” John has the distinct feeling that Gibson peers right into his soul. “Who knows why people do the things they do? Perhaps he needed the money? Perhaps he thought I could help him along with his career? Anyway, I promised restraint and Sean stayed.”
Sherlock is bent over his microscope when John slowly shuffles into the kitchen. He had hoped that the tube ride might calm him down but that proved to be wishful thinking. Instead, he got even more agitated. He doesn't know what to say but they have to talk about this. He has to tell Sherlock that he knows. What might happen afterwards – John has no idea.
“And what are you about to do with... that?” Another vague wave of the hand, this time more obviously directed at Sherlock's groin.
. John called him a freak. Ok. He can handle this. It's not the first time this has happened. Other people have labelled him much worse. Fine. This is how things stand now between them. Well... No need then to hold back any longer.
As it turns out, Sherlock spends the next days in Kent, investigating the nasty business of child abduction from a long-established exclusive boarding school. There are clues leading to Italy and when the decomposed body of one of the victim's teachers turns up, Sherlock is in full flow, running riot, until he tracks the culprit down. He rescues the child but the lad has to witness his abductor, who is also his half-brother, plummet to his death in front of him.
I wished I could have seen you to say good-bye. To kiss you one last time. No, not the last time – only for the next few months – until we meet again.
It's suddenly very quiet in their flat. Sherlock just looks up at John, unblinking, not even blushing. Yet, John knows him, knows him well. He can spot the uncertainty behind his bold verve in the little twitch of Sherlock’s mouth, the bobbing of his Adam’s apple, his arched left eyebrow.
John is sweaty all over. His cock is not fully hard but that is not to be expected at his age and after a rather spectacular orgasm merely an hour ago. Anyway, he's had enough.
John banishes those serious thoughts as he starts to move, tentatively at first, but soon his thrusts become bolder, harder, deeper. Sherlock roars beneath him, cheering him on, his deep voice filling the room, the only other sound the slapping from sweaty flesh on flesh. If John had any capacity left, he would worry about the noise. But at the moment he can't be arsed.
Lestrade and Coventry look rather sheepish but nonetheless impressed. Gibson nods briskly at Sherlock, then steps towards him and pats his shoulder. His hands rest on Sherlock's lapels as both men lock eyes. Sherlock licks his lips, his pink tongue darting out briefly. Gibson nods again.
, who not only reigned in my sometimes a bit overcomplicated writing but also added valuable advise regarding anatomy and pharmaceuticals.
They both desperately try to navigate their conversation back into less muddied waters. It’s so much easier to discuss other people’s problems, William thinks.
“He didn't go to Oxford but went on to study at the LSE. Got a job in the city afterwards. Married. Neither attempt was successful. His wife left him. Ran off with her fitness trainer. After that, Victor took to the bottle. Died in a car crash about three years ago. Drunk driving. Veered off the road on a straight track, hitting a tree... Suspicious. But, as almost always, no one wanted to ask too many questions.”
And of course thanks to Lockedinjohnlock, who patiently beta'd my scribblings and kicked me to come up with a more fitting ending; because when I began to write this story I had another ending in mind. I'm glad I was made to change route...
Shooting Sherlock a dark look over his shoulder John reluctantly turns around until he sits on his arse. Sherlock waves his hand and gestures for John to lie down on his back, then takes the pillow John is still clutching in front of his private parts and shoves it unceremoniously under John's lower back while pushing his legs up.
It’s dark. Really, absolutely, totally dark. It’s like playing Blind Man’s Buff with the whole of London. One can’t see one’s hand in front of one’s face. The only signs that help Doctor John Watson navigate the streets of the capital during blackout are some white marks painted on the street kerbs and, on the bigger crossings, ghostly policemen in luminescent capes directing the traffic. Nowadays, he walks the distance between Farringdon Station and St Bart’s hospital. There are still buses running, but their displays are not lit. After jumping onto the wrong bus for the third time, finding himself in Islington instead of at the hospital, John had taken to walking.
“Oh, what a tender world that would be.” Mycroft smiles a thin smile. “Unfortunately, real life is much harsher. Sherlock will undoubtedly go to prison for his offence this time, perhaps for a rather long stretch. You will get implicated as well. Are you prepared for this? T face a court and inevitable public exposure and humiliation?”
The next few days are surprisingly placid and tranquil. A few private clients call on Sherlock with comparatively mundane problems – unfaithful spouses, thieving relatives, fraudulent employees. It's easy but it keeps Sherlock... well, if not busy, at least entertained and occupied. Therefore, he's moderately good-humoured.
Sherlock would most certainly let him. He was nothing if not curious and open to experimentation, at least within an accurately defined setting.
For it won't be enough to dull the pain. Sherlock knows what he needs to go to sleep, to forget, to relax, without dreaming or remembering or … feeling.
John almost misses the kitchen sink. He retches forcibly as he brings up remnants of his dinner mixed with beer. The sour smell of vomit spreads in their kitchen as John wipes his eyes and mouth with the back of his hand, trying to get his breathing under control. He hangs onto the counter for dear life, unable to look at Sherlock who is still sitting on his chair behind him.
“Better?” It's a stupid question but he has to say something to keep at bay the horror creeping in on him.
Sherlock's cock is magnificent; long and thick, his balls already tight against his body. The wiry black hair surrounding it is a stark contrast to his white skin, as is the dusky pink glans protruding from Sherlock's fist, shiny with precome as the foreskin is fully retracted.
But it's apparent that Sherlock doesn't, going by his look of utter incomprehension. John has no choice but to spell it out.
John just stares at him, wide eyed. He knows Sherlock can be an idiot sometimes but this surpasses even his usual level of stupidity by a million miles.
I finally decided to send a radio message to Mycroft, forwarding Witold's report. As horrible as it is, I'm inclined to believe him. This is unprecedented evil, John. It has to stop.
Sherlock's dream is an almost direct quote from "The Adventure of the Devil's Foot" by Arthur Conan Doyle, only in the original story it's Watson who experiences as well as narrates the effects of the toxic root.
In the end, I told Mary that I was taken. She cried a little but accepted it. She thinks I'm married back home. Well, I am.
“Sherlock, if you are trying to tell me that you have difficulties with opening up to other people, to trust them, to allow for closeness – do you really think that's news to me?”
“Not much, actually. I think there was a fight. A tattoo. A Lonsdale shirt. That's about all.” He's an accomplished liar. Little bits of truth always add credibility. He licks his lips, shrugs, then coyly looks up at John from under his lashes.
'God', John thinks, 'he's so fucking beautiful. And totally unaware. He has no idea what he does to me.'
“Those letters also allow us to draw conclusions as to his progress until the war came to an end and the Allies advanced. Here, they marched North through Italy but were stopped due to bad weather for the winter south of Rimini. Apparently, my great-uncle was stuck there. Then his SOE unit was transferred to France and advanced with the 2. British Army. Here's a letter to John from April 1945:
And then John tilts his head just a fraction, dips his face and Sherlock inhales sharply as his eyes flutter close, only to blush a bright crimson when he hears John snicker next to his ear.
John produces the gun from the small of his back, a short, handy, but very serviceable weapon (not unlike his owner). Sherlock undoes the catch, shakes out the cartridges and examines it with care.
Back at the flat, Sherlock thought hard about what to do to get back into John's favour. John didn't like him sulky. Or exhausted. Or irritable. But Sherlock's distant demeanour couldn't be undone by simply offering some kind of excuse; his behaviour called for penance. And, once again, it was his own fault, really. Why couldn't he just comply?
Lestrade's face pales. He loosens his tie to ease his breathing. “You should ask him, John,” is all he says.
Sherlock sighs with pleasure. “God, yes...” His eyes are squeezed shut, his curls a tousled black halo framing his slack face. He looks like a fallen angel, utterly debauched yet pure and innocent at the same time.
Sherlock bolts it anyway, crawling over the floor, then sits with his back against the wood. He knows John's standing on the other side, waiting, listening, and it's not only humiliating, it's an outright nuisance.
Mycroft shakes his head. “I'm afraid he'll be operating behind enemy lines. No contact will be possible.”
He knows there'll be dark days ahead. Days filled with yelling and shouting. Silent days. But no more lonely days.
He's on the verge of uttering something unforgivable affectionate when said man breaks his reverie by asking incredulously: “How complicated can it possibly be? It's simple biology. Insert part A in orifice B – and rut.”
“Doctor Watson, my name is Mycroft Holmes. I'm Sherlock's elder brother.” John feels outrage seer deep inside him. He remembers how Sherlock was treated by his family, and the instant dislike he has taken to the man opposite him intensifies.
I'm not a coward, John Watson, as you must know by now. So, if you still want to have me, I'm yours. See, I’m making good on my promise to write you smouldering love letters. I hope you know what big concession I’m making here. For you! Only for you.
Ok, here we go. There has been so much hurt, despair and darkness - but now they'll finally make good. Thank you all for staying with me and this story for so long! I'll hope you enjoy...
“Spoilsport. Let a man dream.” John teases through a mouthful of Krupuk and William shudders in disgust.
“Shall I get a bucket?” The situation reminds Sherlock of how all this started; it's a bizarre hunch, like being trapped in some kind of reversing time loop, which is not totally impossible, only very, very improbable. But perhaps musings on the linearity of time are a bit beside the point at the moment?
Bereft of socially acceptable diversions, Sherlock had been sulky and itchy all Thursday. John had sent him a few texts, sure, but that had been no replacement for the actual presence of the actual man. Sherlock hadn't bothered to answer.
This chapter mentions some historical figures and events. There'll be footnotes at the end in case you want to know more.
“Oh, I will.” Sherlock grins deviously before he wrestles John’s strong and able body down onto the mattress for a lazy morning shag.
John relaxes a fraction, then nods. He coughs, still tasting vomit. “I need a wash,” he mumbles, not moving, lost in the sensation of Sherlock pressing an open-mouthed kiss just above his collar. Then Sherlock starts to nibble and suck before biting down on sensitive skin. John moans and tilts his head a little to allow Sherlock better access. As Sherlock finally releases him he has sucked a purple mark onto John's throat.
At that, Sherlock cocks his head and looks at him with a mixture of seriousness and exaltation. “You are a doctor at Bart's hospital with one estranged brother, who succumbed to alcoholism a few years back. You wanted to enlist in the army, but had to take care of your elderly father, and then were deemed more useful here at home after the war broke out. You have come to terms with your sexual orientation, but it took you a while. You still prefer anonymous encounters with strangers. This will have to stop, by the way. I don't share. There's a history of mental illness and substance abuse running through your fathers family, and for a while you feared that you might suffer from some form of sexual perversion or degeneration, but in the end you accepted who you are. I appreciate that. Yet you even tried to court a woman a few years back, but in the end she found out about your true inclinations and ended the relationship. You lived in fear for a while that she might report you to the authorities, until she emigrated to Australia shortly before the war broke out. You don't drink, you don't smoke, and you don't go to church. At the moment, you live in somewhat squalid accommodation in Crouch End, renting a small room from an elderly widow who tries to make advances to you when she has had one sherry too many. You are disgusted by that, but can't disclose the true nature of your feelings. You are rather conservative in many views, old-fashioned and polite, but also quite reckless and daring. For me, that's enough to know for a start. But I'm sure I will find out more fascinating things about you in the future.”
“There's no point in being grown up if you can't act a little childish sometimes,” John retorts with a small smile playing around his lips.
Until one morning when they yell at each other because Sherlock complains about the lack of milk or something equally petty and John finally snaps because he feels so helpless in the face of this utter mess. The crockery suffers severe damage before Sherlock bolts from the kitchen and locks himself in the bathroom. John punches his fist against the door, bruising his knuckles. Just when he’s about to grab his Haversack and leave the flat, Sherlock and this whole pile of shit his life has become behind, he hears the latch being pushed back. Sherlock leans against the door frame, a syringe in one hand and a tourniquet around his upper arm, looking pensive. John walks back up to him, extending his palm, and Sherlock carefully hands over the needle.
in his outstretched hands like an offering. “And they say you're a genius...,” he sounds a little disappointed.
Remember how I whined about being bored? I swear I'll never do that again. All those poor kids! One screamed for his mummy till the end. Another one mistook me for his fiancée, he'd lost both his eyes as half his face had burned off. I held his hand until it was over.
“’Cause not.” John sets his glass down on the bedside cabinet, takes off the towel and lies back on the bed, propped up against the cushions, hands folded behind his head. He’s already half-hard, his thick cock resting in a nest of dishwater-blond curls. “Well then, undress.”
Though he does cry a little when Sherlock reads him his journal later that night, after a second, much slower, much gentler round of lovemaking.
What kind of war is this? Nothing happens. NOTHING. I'm sitting in this godforsaken chalet in the middle of nowhere, waiting to be carted off to another godforsaken chalet in the middle of nowhere a little closer to the German heartland. I'm surrounded by imbeciles – obviously, as they are quislings, an exceptionally nasty species – who try to be even more radical in expressing their dumb views than the Nazis themselves. I'm already sick of it.
Eventually, they relocate to Sherlock's bed. It's small, but it's a real bed with a mattress, pillows and blankets. They both have slept in much worse conditions the previous years, so they don't care if it's narrow. They appreciate it, in fact.
James was severely injured, not sure if he'll make it through the night. He let a raiding patrol but when they advanced they got under fire. He's the only survivor. I pray for him. That's all I can do.
“See anything you like?” John mumbles sleepily and Sherlock snorts before turning his face away, his mouth a thin hard line.
“Listen, brother dear, this is not the first time you came to the attention of the authorities for this kind of offence. I can't protect you infinitely.”
John is obviously and deliberately left out but he’s also too proud to send a text to Sherlock, asking if he needs some help, or at least to be told what the hell is going on.
It's like magnetism, the way they are drawn to each other, as if by gravitational force.  Or rather, John thinks, like the moth is drawn to the flame; even risking getting burned doesn't prevent it from circling closer and closer. Because what they are doing is dangerous on many levels. It's not only the law that threatens them with draconian punishment, it's the public rejection they have to fear as well. Losing their jobs, their flats, their friends, their families are certain consequences if they are ever found out. Sherlock has already been through this once and despite his general disregard for social customs and civilities he doesn't seem too keen to repeat his experiences.
“Finished for today?” What is it with this chap? His voice is rather posh, educated. Definitely upper class. So why is he trying to chat John up?
“What I told you,” Sherlock hesitates before continuing, “does it change what you... think of me?” Sherlock seems a bit at a loss, a very rare condition at 221b.
Sherlock is startled. Where the hell did John pick up a woman? He drops the card on the table as if it's on fire.
Believe me when I still call you that, despite what has happened. I was so alone, and she was there, warm, soft, accommodating. But it wasn't like it was with you. I barely got it up.
Greg looks tired but pleased to see him. He's already nursing a pint of London Pride. John orders the same and takes a deep gulp before easing himself up onto a stool next to Lestrade at the bar. The TV set is switched on – a big plasma thing dangling precariously above the far edge of the counter – but the volume is turned down to an acceptable level, not blaring, while still audible. Fulham is playing Cardiff at Craven Cottage; it's a draw at the moment.
“Move a little.” He demands, being all elbows and legs, and John does, so that Sherlock can arrange his long limbs until he cradles John from behind. John rests the back of his head against a protruding collar bone, and it just feels lovely.
“I think you'll find everything in the press reports.” Gibson peers over at the pages strewn all over the carpet. “But if there's anything you want me to clarify - well, here I am. Fire away.”
Sherlock frowns in slightly amused horror. “Honestly, bridge?” he asks. John only shakes his head. “Who'd thought...” The words hang between them. Sherlock still watches John but doesn't seem inclined to put more words behind his thoughts.
Sherlock takes a deep breath before he continues: “I did most of the work for our project. We often spent the afternoons behind the boat house. I was reading and writing while Victor was sparking up a spliff and dozing off. Until one day...” Sherlock trails off. “One day he offered me a smoke – and I took it. I didn't like it very much, weed is not my preferred substance, wasn't even back then, but I tried it. It made me dizzy, slow... I remember Victor leaning in, grinning. He took another drag and then pressed his mouth over mine, exhaling. I thought he was playing a prank, trying to rile me up. It took a few seconds before I realised that he didn't pull away. Then he pushed his tongue in. It was wet and sloppy. I froze. It was like drowning. I tried to pull away but he grabbed my head, pushed me down. He shoved his hand inside my trousers and rutted against my thigh, lying half on top of me. He... groaned. His hands were rather clumsy, tugging at me. His tongue was... bold, very unskilled. It was quite unpleasant.” Sherlock looks over John's shoulder, out of the window, losing himself in the grey morning light. “At least it was quick. He didn't have much stamina. He rolled off me, got up and... smiled. He had obviously enjoyed himself. Said we needed to clean up. When I did not answer he strolled off eventually.” Sherlock blinks himself back into reality and sighs.
As Sherlock arches up into his mouth, sucking is suddenly not enough. John bites down, gently, and Sherlock makes that noise again, velvety dark and mesmerising. John's hand curls around Sherlock's erection all of its own account and starts to loosely stroke.
I put my papers in order. During the past year, I ensured your last articles to be published. Mycroft was kind enough to let me stay at our flat. This was our home, after all, for all those mostly happy years, and I couldn't imagine to live anywhere else. I still feel your presence here, my love. But it's fading. The sheets don’t smell of you anymore, but of detergent. Your clothes lose your scent as well, smelling just of moth balls. I couldn’t bring myself to give them away to charity.
John stares at Lestrade and his fists clench. “It must have been quite a surprise when that junky smackhead turned up a few years later as some clever consulting detective.”
“Piss off, John.” Sherlock's voice is calm while the needle still lingers above the delicate white skin at the inside of his elbow.
It's all he's ever wanted, it's all he's dreamed of during those three years. It still feels surreal to have it now, to be able to tell John. Sherlock has to do it again and again to make sure it's for real. He doesn't understand why John holds him so close, why his voice is hoarse when he reassures Sherlock that everything will be all right now. Sherlock is not averse to these promises – even as he knows that it probably won't be that easy. It doesn't matter right now. What matters is that John is here, with him, that he is in John's arms, that John holds him and strokes him and murmurs silly endearments to him. Despite being ridiculous, Sherlock believes them, for he knows that John is nothing if not honest.
