It’s everywhere. Granted it
“It’s different with you,” he says, squinting at the new shade of red before looking at Tony. Tony shrugs acceptably.
“It was Thor.” Comes a muted bellow.
Tony closes his mouth and nods. This is their second meet-up, Pepper brought it up during their Friday dinner. “I know, have fun.”
Steve laughs, slides the reading glasses off of Tony’s nose and kisses him again. This time slow and deep until Tony’s breathless and he nods distractedly. “Yeah, yeah. I get the message. Lemme just,” he swipes a hand over the projection, closing them, before he pulls Steve back in by his collar and starts working from there.
“I hope the two of you will talk it out because you both deserve to be happy and he cannot be happy without you while you struggle to fucking
“Don’t care,” he kisses him wetly, “Now is the -,” he pauses for another kiss, tucking a hand into Steve’s boxer, “- now.” He finishes intelligently, pulling a laugh out of Steve.
Natasha apologizes, with a cup of tea.
He doesn’t know how long they’ve stayed like that but it definitely feels short when Bucky starts to pull away. This is why, Tony thinks. This was exactly what he’d been afraid of - Why he decided to not ask Bucky for hug earlier.
“Just -,” Rhodey rolls his eyes, pushing his chair to stand up. He pauses at the foot of the table, staring into Tony’s eyes.
He wheels them back into a comfortable position in front of the laptop and props his chin over Tony’s shoulder to get a good look at the screen and he returns to his work.
Charles Xavier is not much different from the man they video called. His piercing blue eyes are intelligent as he regards each one of his guests, lingering on Wanda the longest.
Tony wipes his hands, takes another look at the circle of merry men in the next room; notes Wilson and Rhodey among them, and walks in the other direction.
Eventually, Rhodey pulls away with an irritated huff, “First, Captain America and now she got my best friend tied around her pinky,” then he gives another glare, “Or maybe you first and then Captain America.”
Except for Wanda. Who has been nothing but quiet in every team bonding activity she had sat through. It would have been worrying if it hadn’t become normalcy for her after what happened to Vision. She
deserves it or not.
Surely, a minute after, as Tony indulges in a second sip of hibiscus tea, Barnes clears his throat, drawing his attention before he walks away, Natasha following him with a gentle brush down Tony’s arm.
“You too,” Steve says, voice still raw, cracking at its end, but his striking blue eyes are fierce on Tony, even as if they shed a lone tear.
When he comes to, he doesn’t know how long he’s been down but one thing for sure is, he doesn’t want to get out the safety of his bedroom at all.
The press of
“Think group therapy will benefit us?” He asks, sidling up next to Tony, sharing the bench instead of settling on one of the many chairs scattered around them.
“Nothing, nothing. Just. Should have known insecurity always trumps talents. I mean -,”
So, he takes a courageous leap and sneaks a hand under Steve’s shirt. For a dreadful second, Steve freezes. His eyes search Tony’s and whatever he sees in them makes him lean back in, seal their mouths together and take his shirt off of him entirely.
There were stars reflected on his eyes; bright and sparkling, excited to take on a brand-new journey with Tony in life because he loved Tony that much.
“We’ll see how you feel then and if it’s alright we’ll off the med or if not, we’ll keep you on it.”
Feeling slightly vexed at Pepper for his own fault, he grits out the name flatly, as if he doesn’t even care about the whole thing; when it’s all that have been sitting and festering in the forefront of his brain since this morning.
Theirs is based on mutual interest in science. But whatever had brought them together never matters when it gives way to something where in the end, they genuinely care for each other.
She is right.
Yeah. Tony thinks he can understand the appeal of being taller than Steve. Doesn't mean he's unhappy with his own height - he’s more than secure in his 5’9’’ frame - only now, he can understand why Steve kisses a 43-year-old man on his forehead sometimes, all the while looking at him with googly eyes.
“I don’t know what happened to you there, but I saw the ripple effect of that. It hurt. I was so mad. I hated Steve for you.” She pauses to breathe and Tony copies her, didn’t realise he’d been holding onto his as well.
She tilts her head, amusement clear in her moss green eyes and curled up lips, but she nods.
“Natalia!” Barnes hiss is as loud as a yell down a barren hill.
Then things changed.
Better even, than he could before the Accords.
He wants to stop just
“No.” She stops him.
Rhodey looks at him like he’s sixteen and disappointing and Tony doesn’t mind, because he
He reacts so violently that he
“Why?” Natasha cocks her head curiously.
He’d tried various forms of alcohol and sex and drugs and yet, he still finds himself back in ground zero.
He’s done being the fly on the wall.
to make them happy? Give
She turns to look at him then. Red rimmed eyes – ever present these days that their absence will be a shock for all of them – a small furrow between them and in that moment, she scarily looks wiser - like Jean Grey; Tony’s brain supplies - as she studies Tony.
Tony laughed, “No. But my partner is an artist. A damn good one at that too,” he whispered into the kiss he planted on Steve’s cheek.
Likes how Steve hugs him just as tight and nuzzles into his cheek.
“Will the great Tony Stark be available for a stay at home dinner with an old friend today or will he be, once again, too busy to grace her with his presence?”
Tony's not insecure about his height. No matter what anyone - Pepper - says.
And as much as he finds it frustrating and pathetic, Tony still loves him too – well, that answers Pepper’s question now, doesn’t it?
“Does that mean you didn’t know better before?” his now doctor asks and Tony hides a smile as he ducks his head down.
“The gate is coded to particle-recognition! Do not belittle my tech like that!” Shuri scolds.
Then he curls himself facing Bucky, both of them closing a bracket of warmth in between and he tells him, “Go to sleep, snowflake. I’ll be right here when you wake.”
“He doesn’t think he is.” The smirk drops.
Tony watches him go with a frown, but his relief is so much so that he sighs and sags with the motion once Steve slips past the door. Rhodey quirks an eyebrow at him.
Pops in two melatonin gummies as well; all because while Tony has trouble sleeping in general, he has even more trouble sleeping in strangers’ place.
People can be broken in so many different ways and whilst Tony knows that he’s drawing blank 24/7, he also knows that Bruce had never came even remotely close to that.
She does.
They win the battle. They lose the tesseract.
The thing is, he thought nobody missed him. Nothing about what Natasha said indicates she missed him, not literally, but that’s if Tony’s taking her words as he would of just another random person.
But not at night. Night is their time.
He bristles. Even after seven months of therapies, he’s unable to register her absurd ideas while she watches him with twinkling amusement.
Tony grabs her by the shoulders, he doesn’t want to hear what more medical words she has to throw on him. He says what he needs her to do: “Save him.”
“You’re forty fucking six, Tony!” Rhodey yells at him one afternoon.
Never in a million years - or more realistically a hundred and two years of his life - has Bucky ever thought God would grant his wildest, dirtiest dream to see his lover spread out on a bed, looking like the sweetest sugar, call him to cuddle with a sultry wink which clearly means something more and hear himself say, "Are you fucking kidding me?"
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Tony rasps, throat dry and tongue heavy, sticking to the roof of his mouth.
But it’s annoying when others tell him about Rogers like Tony doesn’t know the man himself; hadn’t slept in the same bed as him, watch him laugh and cry and break and grow and still – They treat him as if he’s a stranger to him. That sucks, extremely so.
They say, the one you love the most hurts you the worst. He wishes Tony had loved him less just so he can spare him half the hurt. But that’s not how the world works, does it? That’s not how
“How did I miss this?” He asks in awe because this is a spectacle that he shouldn’t have missed, but looks like he had and that’s not at all a comforting thought. He feels stricken; he feels left out.
But at the same time, there are also countless possibilities accounting for and to where, even if it does begin with them, it
Steve though, he plops in front of Tony with his massive comforter wrapped form and burrows into it deeper, letting only baby blue eyes peek out like a damned mole - Jesus
Apparently, all he gets is one month.
“I do no such thing!” Tony protests while Wanda takes her advice, with a quick peck to Tony’s cheek and a hug and Merry Christmas to Pepper, she goes away – with a petite straw basket swinging on her arm - to complete her round through the compound.
But Steve doesn’t let him get too far; follows him until they pass by an empty room and he yanks him in.
That emptiness which has only known silence is now singing, and Tony –
It’s comforting, to have someone trust his call - not that Rhodey doesn’t but he isn’t so willing either - a lot more than comforting to know that that someone is Steve Rogers for a change.
He’s too busy getting lost in Bucky and the biting way he kisses, the unforgiving way he squeezes Tony’s ass. Too busy pulling him by the collar, fingers fisting in his hair as he nips back harder, hissing and groaning ‘bedroom’ into Bucky’s mouth, and ‘this way’ as they stumble across the living room, stubbing toes on coffee tables and chairs, stopping to wince and laugh before resuming kissing even more passionately than before.
Should have started like this, abandoned soft emotions and gone methodical from the very beginning. But Tony is a weak, weak man when it comes to Bucky and he's only 45; he's still learning.
wrong and I know and I’m so, so sorry and I want to fix it. Tell me what to do. Please. Tony.”
His position as Iron Man mandates him to mingle with the others. Team bonding exercises, every weekend with each other, in one enclosed space. Together.
“Like the time I spent decades profiting war, you mean?”
Once all the leftovers are refrigerated and the rubbish discarded. They’re both nursing a tub of ice cream.
“Fuck off.” Comes the grumpy growl from behind Natasha.
He fixed himself a cup of coffee; poured it into a mug and held it close to his chest. The aroma itself provided warmth, and he clung onto that. He doesn’t even drink coffee. Never got used to the taste. But there was warmth and there was the scent he associated close to home and it helped.
“Wandering what? If I’m suicidal?”
He didn’t turn on the light, but the silver glint of Bucky’s metal arm is unmistakable; tracing trajectory motion of his leap from the countertop to in front of Tony, infusing heat from their sudden proximity.
“Tell Happy I’m on my way, J.”
It’s not even a tiny smile. He couldn’t control his facial muscles; they give. They stretch taught until his cheeks hurt from grinning
By the time he finishes, he’s breathless and he’s spent two whole hours in her office without her saying a single word during the timespan at all.
He tries to extricate enough of his arm without losing his grip around two snapped ends of a wire, grunting in strained effort, when the plier is extended to him in silence.
Helpless, Tony turns to look at Pepper.
Tony turns his eyes onto the table. Shoulders flexing in another shrug. He should keep quiet, he
As for whom Steve himself is, Tony has no enough faith left for him; washed out years ago and that’s a pity but this is a new start. He vowed.
It’s as if he doesn’t want to leave and his deliberate slowness ticks off the anxiety in Tony. It’s not as if Tony is a punctual man himself, Pepper has to deal with his ground breaking tardiness all the time, but still-
He pays extra attention to Wanda during their sparring session. He sees how she spends most of her practice partnering with Steve.
Beside him, Tony Stark looks eerily composed; not a single emotion in his face, eyes hidden safely behind his tinted glasses as he continues to rock back on forth in his chair. When the video ends, he looks at Fury. “I’ll talk to Pepper,” he shrugs, “If your PR is incompetent, mine can take over. No need to get all riled up over it - Look, you’re even getting wrinkles -,”
They may not share the easiest relationship, but Tony
He huffs – can’t even get properly frustrated in the state he is.
Maybe Steve won’t like what he’ll find in Tony’s drawers in the workshop.
The man looks miserable to even
The furrow between his eyebrows, shades darker than his lighter hair, almost the same as the curls hidden.
Carol pilots the Quinjet back;
“Jesus Christ.” Tony exhales, shaking his head at them in disbelief.
Her empty mug sits on the table; usually she would have cleaned up after her, but this time she didn’t, likely still occupied with everything that had happened in the last two days.
“I’m sorry too.”
Bucky’s jaw works, and he nods tightly. Tony presses another kiss because he knows this is hard and he appreciates it but as far as expressing emotions is concerned, this is how far both of them go.
“Nothing.”
It’s kind of like giving up your most favourite thing in the world because it’s not necessary to stay alive but the very instant you have the taste of it again, you remember why you were so smitten with it in the first place.
Pepper admits she’s going for her own sessions these days.
One word here and another, there. There are still days when he doesn’t; when his brain draws blank and everything whites out and overlaps into a stream of nothing.
It hurts to go against them. It’s physically painful to take a step back when your motor neurons are executing a step forth. It
Hums a song he knew in his bones - from when he was a kid and Jarvis used to put him to sleep after Howard and mum fight - under his breath, waiting for Bucky to fall asleep. But just a few minutes before, something shifts in Bucky’s eyes, like he’s seeping back into reality and when it does, his lashes flutter, his chest expands with a sharp inhale and he knows what Bucky’s going to ask before he even opens his mouth.
Bullshit. He doesn’t tell her.
“Get original!” Tony yells after him.
He tries to bail out, of course. He doesn’t care what they call him for attempting, he tries anyway.
, work on Bruce too.
“It’s snowing,” Steve murmurs, voice a deep rumble that Tony feels in his own chest.
Steve takes a skittish step away, back meeting the wall.
His eyes are extra bright under the kitchen light; like azure gemstone of sort.
void into his veins until Tony became
Steve also had the habit of keeping his important stuffs in the second drawer beside his best.
2015 August 30
He tries to play deaf then; obnoxious music blasting on stereo, sledgehammer rhythmically brought down on spare metals, whiskey, scotch and cocaine overloaded system.
Steve ducks his head and Tony swears he can see the man laughing before he looks up, expression brilliantly composed as he frowns at the table, seated immediately next to Rhodey.
He remembers the taste of Steve. His skin, his mouth and his breath.
Steve always slept on the left. Tony didn’t care. He slept
Everything. Everything is wrong. “Thank you, FRI.”
how fragile Steve Rogers’ heart is.
It’s 2014, July 30
“Thanos, Tony!” He exclaims, diving into a mile of explanation about some stones and space and Thanos, which Tony frankly finds hard to follow.
And boy are they, too, increasing in frequency.
When she comes back, Tony hands her a bowl of ice cream and she curls into him and tells him about her boyfriend.
Tony hopes Wanda doesn’t mind, she seems to have a good equation going on with him besides Steve, even more than with Natasha.
“Wrong committee here,” he tells her.
He discards his half-written reply, taps back, eyes catching Fury’s 21 unreplied texts and voice messages and he ignores them all.
“Uh, huh.” A pause. “How're you doing, Tony?”
“I rather not.” Steve props his chin over the curve of Tony’s hip. He blinks up at his boyfriends and proposes a random idea, “Wanna sit on my lap until I finish them?”
However, that knowledge has never stopped humanity from wishing has it; blown out candles, shooting star, fallen tooth beneath your pillow.
They’ve been at it for thirty minutes. He’d shared the story about the battle in Wakanda very briefly; compact and short.
"Hey back at you," Steve grins, vibrant and gorgeous, stealing Tony's breath and he tiptoes, reaching higher for Tony's mouth and Tony lets him have it.
On her other side, Sam takes a breath in, gearing up to speak, but she carries on, eyes flicking briefly to Tony, making his breath catch in his throat and she says to the table with a certain level of conviction.
Barton seems to have submitted and gotten an official approval for his resignation notice from the Council over the weekday.
fyi: i haven't properly beta read it. this has been exhausting enough to pen down. i'll reread it sometime later
It’s not.
Not now; when they’ve just crusted over and if he peels off the dead skin, they won’t bleed, but they’ll be pinkish. And they still throb. Late at night.
“Paul is fine, but that Jake fella, nu’uh, I don’t trust that guy.”
“Tony -,”
As human as everyone else are.
So, Tony doesn’t dare to look at Steve even as he pulls away.
“You’re never gonna tell me, are you?” Tony squints at him.
“Nope, that’s all!” She glares beyond her big grin before turning to James again. “Clean your arms properly before you come. I don’t want to touch lube or whatever you’ve been playing with.” She ends the call.
Bruce, when Tony sees, is frantic and panicky.
Tony swallows, determination flaring as he corners and pulls Steve - the bulk of a man, taller, bigger than him - until he’s curled around Tony.
Tony sighs, breaking their eye contact. He picks up the juice box and fiddles with it for a while; turning it around and around until his haywire thoughts fall into places.
“No, it’s fine. She – er – she said she’s thinking about leaving the team.” Tony’s stomach drops.  “I talked her out of it. Didn’t think it’s wise for her to be out there all alone what with her current situation.”
Truth is, it’s difficult to begrudge a person when said person has all the right to begrudge in return but doesn’t.
their ruin is salvageable still.
He gets to the part of talking Barnes through what he’s repairing in the damaged armour when Barnes slips in a tid-bit.
Bucky takes it as a cue to pull him into his chest. Wraps him tight in a hug, and he buries his nose in Tony’s hair. “I know, sweetheart. I’m sorry.”
When the last note ended, he opened his eyes not knowing when he’d closed them and he looked at Tony. Tony’s already looking at him, a wan smile on his face and he looked exhausted in the night light.
“Captain,” Rhodey stands up.
Pepper pulls a sharp breath in. Her blue eyes are now misty for wrong reasons.
wishes for death.
He feels Steve’s hand push his head down, chasing him out, but the force is weak indicating there is still a give which Tony obviously leans into and blows a raspberry over Steve’s navel.
Tony’s collar is wet but he couldn’t give a fuck about them. He’s too busy working a hand up and down Steve’s back, giving him a soothing rub as he kisses the side of Steve’s head and shushes him.
Steve straightens up, letting his whole head pop out of the blanket burrito he'd wrapped himself in and Tony makes it a point to chuck his goggles with an extra dose of venom while glaring at him.
Plastered as he was with alcohol and drugs polluting in his system, he remembers his vision clouding pink all the time.
“I was wondering when you’d come,” he says, ready to fight, expecting an arrest.
She puts him on R&D duty. Calls Nick Fury on him.
He’s done. All he wants is to just… be, even if he’s not happy.
They stand in silence for a long time. Eyes meticulously trained on the ground. Feeling the seconds tick by like nerves in his brain as Tony forces himself to keep still.
“What?” He asks, slightly jumpy.
But, no. It’s not the hot, fiery burn.
Barnes huffs at him, scrubbing his face once more as his eyes glance hopefully down the path the Widow has stormed off. “If you’re not right, I’m personally sabotaging your relationship with Steve.”
Pepper regards him flatly. “You were day-dreaming, weren’t you?”
Tony suspects Steve must have brought up their private little investigation, and he’s miffed, but he nods along.
Tony’s knees buckle and when he sinks, she goes down with him; leans her head on his shoulder, drapes an arm over and she fills his sense with sweet strawberry smell while Steve looks wearily from across him.
“Tried to take away my suit two years ago. Wanted to make it government property to ensure safety. Personally, I think the government gives shit about people’s safety so I dug up and found he’s had a standing appointment with Obadiah Stane before his passing. Had a few before and one of it was about the secret project Stane had brewing in SI’s basement; trying to replicate the Iron Man armour. They fixed a deal under the table. No government overlooking it.” Tony sinks back in his chair, arms across his chest and surprise flicks across his face when Steve holds out a water bottle for him.
Tony giggles, clumsily wiping his own shed tears. Then he tells her everything about the plan, mincing where necessary, in respect of both Wanda and the team’s privacy.
Rogers looks sick for a second, jaw working tightly and he mutters low, “I may not have told everything.”
“I miss cuddling with you,” she argues, and Tony would be lying if he says he doesn’t when he too, does. Awfully so.
He wonders.
The realisation that his feeling was mutual. The clarity with which he looked at Steve one day and told him in stammering words
Natasha vice grip around his wrist stops him. She doesn’t pull her strength this time around; green eyes glaring and plump lips pressed thin. “I did not say that. I never said that.”
“I don’t know,” Steve obediently sat, “You have various art pieces when you don’t paint yourself.”
“This is so not how I imagined it.” he groans.
Tony grins at him. “I thought it’s not happening again.”
"What are you doing?" Tony asks, jaw slack, voice high and airy in disbelief, mouth agape and eyes wide behind his safety goggles.
“How do you know about Peter?”
“Why are you avoiding me?”
For all those times he’d missed how its glow looked on Steve, he now wishes it’ll stop spilling on him.
He hands her back the juice box. She takes it and puts it down on the table, next to him.
He sends to Hill.
Nothing but the warm fondness that coils and purrs as it settles in him as he looks down at Steve who’s holding onto him like it’s the most natural thing to do.
Bucky doesn't let him (of course he doesn't); blocks his path and his gaze bore into Tony when their eyes meet. Trying to pry something only he knows what and Tony, exhausted after two consecutive sleepless nights, lets him.
, “Dammit, Rogers.”
Tony surely hopes Shuri got a snap of T’Challa’s face when he was greeted by various heys and his, because the following pause is surely out of shock.
All because Steve and Tony allowed that. They watched death pave a graveyard out of their life and
Usually, Pepper would have opinions and that means she would be bursting to say something, but not this time.
Tony wrinkles his nose, “The hassle… I much prefer bananas,” he sniffs, pouring the water over the berries and he shakes them a little.
At least, that’s how Tony feels for Bruce. He doesn’t know if Bruce feels the same. It doesn’t matter (It didn’t matter when Steve didn’t reciprocate either).
Long time ago. But that got toasted into ashes so, perhaps it’s just human nature to learn from mistakes and avoid revisiting the same path again?
“I love you guys.” She hiccups into Sam’s shoulder when he embraces her.
Later, he’ll learn that it was Barnes who found it first, and that he signalled her where to look, distracting the others and what Tony hoped would be a secret between only Natasha and him became a secret shared with Bucky Barnes as well.
2015 July 4
Steve’s jaw is clenched hard, but his words are soft. “We protect what we love, Tony.”
The dews collect under his tips, cumulating into a big dollop of water drop that tilts the leaf to one side.
“I know how he gets.” Tony grunts, biting back his temper but judging from the way Barnes’ head snaps up to him, he’s not doing a very good job at it. “I’m not going to sue him over some temper tantrum, jeez,”
“Why, Your Highness, of course, you do.”
He still thinks about it now.
The first person he sees at the table is Wanda and it has been such a long time since he last saw her that his body decides it’s acceptable for him to walk over and give her a tight hug before his brain catches up with him.
suffers his look, not Steve. Lucky bastard.
2015 July 4
Tony considers him and his own reply before he opens his mouth. He knows that he doesn’t have a good track record when it comes to filtering his thoughts; good or bad, but right then, he knows he means it when he nods and says, “Think we did.”
Tony tries to inhale but ends up choking on air.
“I was busy pulling out your Steve,” Tony lies. He doesn’t say he was flying a nuke into the space and almost died from a heart attack that day.
The sight of them reminds him of movie nights in the tower, eons ago. When Thor and Barton would make a game out of who eats most popcorn of them all.
He swoops into Queens, butters up May Parker and takes Peter for a two day ‘study trip’;
recode JARVIS, but he chooses not to. FRIDAY will stay; his incredibly sassy and intelligent baby girl.
And that’s why he hates Steve Rogers.
Wakanda welcomes them. More importantly, it embraces Monica as its own.
He gives him a few minutes; stays where he’s sat, counting empty bottles on their dining table; two bottles of vodka and five beers. Bad, but they've seen worse.
Tony stands up, cupping his neck, leaning into him until they’re both breathing the same air.
So, he skips Monica and Carol and tells them all about the school for mutant run by Charles Xavier.
Tony shudders. She had never told him this.
to live there. Back before the mess with the Accords, had his own room and space and the workshop that is now for everyone’s use used to be strictly his.
“Your father and I founded SHIELD,” she tells them, wrinkled hand in Steve’s careful grasp and she looks adrift as she recalls. “Colonel Phillips was in it because the government needed an insight and what was better than the entire military.”
He has a plan ready for his company and stock. He has a plan when it comes to the Avengers. He has plans for DUM-E, U, Butterfinger and FRIDAY. He has plans for Peter and Monica. Pepper and Rhodey. For the
They share a room in another motel that night, vodka warming their insides and Tony shares a piece of him with Steve.
Everything burns if - If he lets go once and imagines that the last two years has never happened.
In Tony’s defence, he didn’t know someone else is already there when he opens the door to the workshop; seeking some time alone from everyone in his space.
There’s Bruce, Barnes and Natasha.
that someone.
Fortnight before his appointment, it stops, and Tony cannot tell if it really stopped or he just psyched himself out. Either way, it’s a relief.
Steve snorts. Ungentlemanly, audible huff of air exhaled forcefully through his nose that makes him promptly flush a delicate shade of pink high in his cheeks.
All Steve ever did was give him a long horizontal burn mark across his chest. But the reactor was not –
She smiles back and takes it. He’d offer her tissue, but that’s not within reach.
But he hadn’t told Steve. Lie by omission, at the end of the day, is still a lie.
“I’m sorry.” He says.
It’s not. But why care about physical damages when the mental one is more daunting. He almost looks forward to the physical ones. Hope they can drown his ever-silent vault.
Bucky blinks then, a slow smile spreads across his face, eyes twinkling with sadistic joy and he grins, “Stevie told me what you did. Said you didn’t spare even one.”
When Steve starts shaking again, fingers digging into Tony’s skin where they rest over his naked side, Tony presses his mouth over Steve’s ear.
He hops from hate to dislike to love to hate in a single sentence.
“I hate him.” Sam growls at his back.
His excuse flies off of his head the minute he spots her. “You!” he points at her.
Tony has the habit of running his mouth. He asks her, “Did you tell him the same thing?”
Tony talks about 2016.
Tony swallows again for good measure. “Don’t lie.”
“I’m never doing this,” Rhodey swears, but he’d broken that over ten times going steady. Tony grunts at him and wipes his face.
Just, Tony. Who is friends with an amazing, resilient lady named Pepper Potts and an ever patient, reliable, man named James Rhodes.
Each one of them striking up to argue and it’s Wanda’s little giggle that puts an end to that.
“Sure.” He straightens his tie.
It’s not Steve’s fault per say, it's just, the way Tony’s wired when it comes to Steve Rogers apparently.
Sunday brunch and she has her back turned to him before he leaves the gift on top of the dining table and drives back to the tower.
“What?” Bucky laughs, fingers raking through his long hair as he shakes his head and when he looks up again, whatever he sees in Tony, it makes him square up, and he exhales in a rush.
Tony learns more about Barnes previous job that way.His interests in mechanics. Curiosity in engineering and a healthy dose of interest in technology.
“You cut off all the connections, Tony. You disappeared. Even if you were in Cali, you wiped yourself off, in more ways than only physical. I cannot speak to you because you weren’t listening. It was hard.”
He just –
He thinks about the smell of his own vomit. Thinks about what used to be a broken heart and what still remains; pain and disappointment.
Three months ago, he would have trouble believing it, but there he is, surrounded by Avengers 2.0 in the cusp of Rhodey and Pepper who brought along her role-playing – surprisingly shy – boy toy (okay fine, boyfriend, whatever).
“Tony. This is Thanos. The world is ending and I heard what Pepper told me about Cap and you but please, Tony.
“Nah. I was thinking about finishing some work in the shop before we leave.”
Rhodey is smart. He says, “You get some rest, Tony. I’ll arrange Happy to pick you up, make some excuse with the Council. You take this weekend off. Go home. Think it through.”
“He doesn’t look a year old,” Steve sounds faint, sick to his bone, and he shakes minutely when he reaches to touch the image. “I went back. I swear. I went back.”
He finishes up
But if Tony starts thinking about that, then everything will become even more confusing.
But he doesn’t have to because that look vanishes soon after and Steve nods tightly.
Still shaken, Steve reaches to hold Tony’s arm to ground himself, but it only makes Tony flinch and step away from him. One second, he’s a flash of pain and the next, it's cold indifference.
team with Earth’s safety, Mr Stark?”
It’s not close to what Tony would think of Steve, because Steve is more than that. Steve is like engineering; he makes up who Tony is.
He’d woken up late that day, not as much sense of time as he has these days. Steve had woken up early, been to Christmas mass and prepared a small feast for brunch; just the two of them – he’d left the team and his one chance to experience their first Christmas at the compound to usher his irresponsible boyfriend into bed and spend a quiet Christmas day with him instead.
But he barely gets Steve to the couch before the man stops following; and tugging a super soldier against his will is like pulling at a brick wall. Tony lets go.
He doesn’t want to fail her. She never put such pressure on him, but that will never stop him from feeling responsible.
He’s resolved to acceptance and with that acceptance comes a different kind of liberation too.
He places a safe bet on as long as the bruise on his wrist takes to disappear and he tucks that stray thought away as he takes in the surrounding, cheering weakly when he spots Steve next to Barnes on the dining table.
He was alone there too, but there were so many memories made in this space that he barely felt it. Everywhere he looked, he could see one of his friends; playing video games, bickering, lounging, or arguing. He felt surrounded, and that helped.
The tea bag hits its aim earning a slow turn of Sam’s head and murderous glare at the criminal who shrugs and flatly says, “You suck.”
He only manages a soft, “Pep -,” before the volcano of emotion erupts and his damn
There are so many apologies stored heavy in his chest for Tony. They hurt. They burn so bright and they ache so much.
Steve looks at Tony for answer while Tony at Steve.
, “You asked me what my wish is. It’s you. I want you.”
These thoughts are the ones that keep him on the run. Feet not stopping; from New York to Wakanda as he puts everyone else’s priority over his.
She’s quiet beside him for a long time. Her faithful cardigan wrapped tightly around her body as she holds herself tall.
Rogers who is unbelievably beautiful - inside and out - that Tony’s poor shattered and twisted heart sang for him.
“Baldy Brandon?”
“I felt,” Pepper breaks the silence. “- I could forgive him for that time he left you in Siberia. Maybe not wholly. But in a small way, it cancelled it out that day. I still hated him, but I also remember starting to forgive him.”
Okoye hisses a word of disapproval in their language from the other side of the room, but T’Challa merely laughs it off, steering Tony by the elbow when they reach an intersection down the long hallway.
“I had to hear it from Pepper.” Tony brings up, as casual as he can manage while he rolls up his tie and pockets it, seething – unsure at what especially but Steve’s delightful grin is begging to be the reason for it.
With his mountain of apologies which he keeps spewing no matter how many times Tony asks him not to, he loves Tony.
Tony gives her a wan smile, cleaning up the last clutter of mess on his work table. He’d gotten used to her now.
He can’t even keep his eyes open or stand for any of that matter.
They say, the natural selection is merciless. It eliminates those who are too weak. Too incapable to defend themselves.
Tony numbly traces Steve’s motion as he reaches over to off the alarm and drop onto his back next to Tony.
Tony stops breathing. Pepper’s fingers don’t, sticking to their rhythm and she’s so strong, she’s lending her strength for him. She presses a kiss over his head and she tells him gently, “We’re not working.”
and it
, Steve’s hands around his face, his mouth against Tony’s, guilt and regret clouding the heady air they made of the room in Tony’s California mansion. He’s beautiful in the glow of full moonlight. He’s always beautiful anytime, anywhere, everywhere. And he is.
“The great Tony Stark was under the impression that Your Highness has been too caught up in her love bubble to acknowledge his existence.” Tony smirks, swivelling around in his stool to come to rest in front of an amused Pepper Potts. “Hello, Miss Potts.”
Steve hands a tumbler to Tony the moment he walks into the kitchen. They’ve cleaned the platter, breakfast all tucked away and done.
“I’m gonna go sleep, now.” He informs with his back to Steve, deliberately dragging the process of closing the dishwasher, hoping Steve would have gathered himself enough in the meantime.
“That’s not the point here, grumpy bear. Point is, SHIELD has an eye for what Fury likes to dub; enhanced beings. I saw a large concentration of his red markers focused north east and I decided to investigate.” He’d thought about telling them about Monica and Carol, but decided against it.
“But Rhodey is,” Tony turns to him – or, where he was -, “Where is he?”
Steve, however, looks at him all pinched and that is even worse. Tony wants to tell him,
Rhodey rolls his eyes, turning to address Tony, “Tony, get out.”
They say when the phoenix rises from its ashes, the rain pours down. Thunderstorm protests and the whole world threatens to cave in.
“Hey, Tony.” Steve calls his attention.
He’s probably thinking;
Tony keeps one arm protectively over Steve’s shoulder, the other running sure fingers through his hair.
He’ll stay and she doesn’t judge but he does. He wonders when he had become so fickle.
Bucky laughs, giddy with joy, fill to the brim with it, and he kisses Tony back; long and deep, uncaring of the wolf whistles going around them before he winks, “Apology accepted, Mr Stark Barnes.”
Bucky will make breakfasts and bake cakes and Tony can sit on the island and eat when he’s fed. Trail kisses down Bucky’s back, skin naked and sun kissed and they won’t waste time pulling clothes on - won’t even need them at all.
“Stevie. Binary.” James reminds curtly and Steve jumps back into his explanation smoothly. Fingers interlocking where they hang over Tony’s arc-reactor.
Barnes wins the war by activating the magnetic feature Tony had installed in his arm the other weekend.
Natasha’s cool gaze is fixed on him steadily even if she’s holding onto Helen Cho, six feet away from him. There’s someone arresting his arms from behind but he doesn’t care who, doesn’t put up a fight; that’s not why he’s here.
Even the streak of smile he gives Tony is desolate. “I thought I was hanging onto something. But apparently, it’s nothing.”
Pepper huffs and puffs, her fingers reach for his and give a squeeze, but she indulges him amidst it all.
Tony lets go of the thread for a lengthy gulp of his warm tea before he waves the white flag. “Maybe because I do already know her. But in my defence, Bruce knows her too.”
And maybe that gives him the illusion of his once there but now dead rights, to push open the door to Steve’s unlocked room and take a dazed step inside.
“Jean, she – She showed me what she can do. Worse than my own -,” She pauses, shakes her head and begins again.
Tony rolls his eyes at that. “Noted,” he responds.
“For sure. But you can also call in anytime, Tony. I can tell you how my kingly brother is secretly a clumsy heathen.”
And another.
It must have been some quite some time; him sitting by himself in a dimly lit kitchen with no sound and nothing else on both around him or inside his mind.
It’s Friday evening and Tony’s telling Pepper how he plans to start the ‘Broken People Club’.
“I should probably go see Fury.” She says, “He’s been bugging me about an accord of sort. It was nice meeting you, Tony. I hope we get to work together in the future.”
he calls out loud.
Tony isn’t all too trusting either but he’d read all about Charles, both personal and professional histories; one only need to know where to look.
Wanda was what? Sixteen? Fifteen? When she felt half of her ripped out. Losing a twin…
“How’re you feeling, Mr Stark. Any side effects from the lowered dose?”
Now, as Tony nurses the hot tea, he inches his fingers towards Steve and waits until he’s met halfway. It’s progress from that day on Quinjet and Tony’s proud of that.
“He dropped by while you guys were at that Xavier place,” James Barnes comments idly, sweeping through the kitchen floor in his horrible Christmas sweater to top up his eggnog. He gives a pat to Steve’s head and says, “Get it together, Stevie,” before leaving as soon as he got with a friendly pat to Tony’s shoulder.
Steve smiles, bright and sunshine-y. “Good morning, Tony.”
“Explain.” Pepper sits back. Propping her foot back on Tony’s lap, finger dabbing carefully at the tears brimming her mascara donned eyes.
“I threw you across the room,” Steve informs in that same disconnected voice. Tony catches his free hand and gives it a squeeze, albeit weakly. Steve’s hand starts to shake.
Tony gives the well of the bowl another wipe and puts it away, holding his hand out for the cutleries as he asks, “You think it’s different?”
Wanda seeks Tony out after breakfast the next day. “Do you think it’ll help?”
It’s nice to hear joy radiated with such exuberance that you can feel it as your own. He credits it to youth. He probably sounded just like Shuri, once. Maybe Rhodey remembers.
Odd choices of words but the damage is done because Bucky is looking at him like he cannot believe his eyes now.
“Fuck.” Tony exhales.
They’re a little impatient because it’s been such a long time coming. But they aren’t in any hurry. They didn’t leap, they sure didn’t walk but they ran.
“In your imaginations,” he asks, still not letting up and Tony snorts at him. But Steve persists, “Am I getting fucked or are you?” He’s a little flushed in the cheeks and that’s all there is to give away his abashment.
On the fourth, she brings up the name and they sit in weighted silence for the next remaining hour of Tony’s session.
Behind him, Steve hums in acknowledgement.
Tony remembers asking for one not too long ago. He’d received his help and he’s really fucking grateful for it. He only wishes the same can be said for Wanda.
There are times he finds himself smiling too wide or
They study Tony from head to toe and all over until satisfied, and he nods, “Are you all right?”
of his heart went down and his palms dried up.
She needs help; she’s
He’d said when Tony went to extricate him from his lab.
They’ve come
He feels like yelling at him. Screaming that his right to call him like that was lost along with the last crumbs of Tony’s heart.
“Really Rhodes?” Tony gives him a flat stare.
The silence is deafening. The emptiness within him is so crippling that he misses when his broken heart used to wail, once upon a time.
He can’t stop thinking about it.
“And Warsaw,” Steve nods, letting Tony invade his space. He welcomes him, one hand gliding up Tony’s lower back, rubbing up and down soothingly as Tony peers at the monitor curiously.
It’s full of sympathy is what it is. It makes Tony want to lash out at him
Monica Rambaeu, like what Tony had learned about Carol, wields unexplainable cosmic power. “It’s either ever evolving or we just don’t have the technology to interpret the data.”
“He said whenever -,”
“Let him in,” Tony permits weakly. The door opens, and Steve walks in, calm and composed. His eyes however are a whirlwind of storms brewing up an apocalypse.
All the while Steve's laughing into the pile of comforter he'd shed as soon as he'd accomplished his mission, twitching with every poke and jab to his flanks.
Tony grumbles something under his breath but otherwise he lets it go.
It’s the first time any of them has brought that up to him. At least, directly.
He places the plate with unfinished paneer and gravy on the coffee table in front of them. He’s not full but he cannot stomach anything anymore.
“What kind of question is that?” He demands her after. “Do I want to still be in love with him? Do I still want to be hurting? To mope around? -,”
Tony swallows another gulp of water, avoiding her glower.
“Yeah.”
The heat of his breath and the wetness of that single drop of water fallen from his still wet hair onto Tony’s bare shoulder.
But Thor had lost a brother, even if he was adopted, Loki
“Did he also tell you why I let him in that night?”
“I specifically told you to
“I’m sorry too. We fucked up; both of us. Not just you, not just me, but the two of us. But what’s done is done, Steve. I don’t want or need your apologies. I forgave you. I hope you forgive me too -,”
“I’m sorry.” Rogers says.
He did. He so did, didn’t he? Shit. Just – Shit.
of Bucky Barnes have they? Not besides the ones where he’d been appropriately funny and withdrawn.
Yeah. It wasn’t pleasant. Took him back to
Silence seems to swallow them both for a while. The air heavy with more than the singe of metal and the smell of motor oil.
“JARVIS texted me, Tony. I may be technologically inept but I know when it’s you texting me and when you’re asking JARVIS to do it. You’ve been avoiding me -,”
“What are you doing?”
But that doesn’t mean Bucky never tries. When it gets bad, he tries so hard he comes too close to that line. Like tonight.
“Jesus, Tony. Don’t tell me you still don’t know how I feel about you. Choked on my blood and all I could do was look at you like you hung the moon - I saw that footage. The one they aired in the news? Sam showed me that thing, and Hell. The whole world saw how I feel for you baby, and you’re standing here looking at me like you got no clue."
When they do, he smiles at her and offer the juice box to her again.
There is no way Tony can tell describe himself without mentioning Steve. That’s how interwoven they are, and he knows that it’s mutual. Steve is what Iron Man is to Tony; a part of his identity.
Either way, Tony doesn’t regret a single thing he told Steve that day.
Even as she’s sitting in front of him, his mind pulls up a picture of what used to be a communal floor in the Avengers’ tower; Natasha sipping on cold tea while Tony and Clint harassed her about the secret to her hand-to-hand skill.
Tony grins abundantly, “As if you don’t do that for me.”
He can see the lazy smile that pulled up on Steve’s face when he saw that Tony’s still there; shirtless, stomach down on the bed with one eye squinted open to smile back at Steve.
She searches his eyes and nods. “So, I let him in.”
But tonight, after two whole nights of going without sleep and a broken nap in the Quinjet earlier, he’s extremely worn down.
It does stop.
“As a friend!” Tony steps back. “You want me to be your friend.”
“Well, hello Peter. Nice to meet you. I’m from space.”
Tony shakes his head.
Likes having Steve touch him in return for how much he touches
He thinks about saying something along the line of, “Only if you don’t choke me,” but he remembers how his Repulsor beam had ripped the man’s arm off during their last encounter and he realises at that moment, with sudden clarity that Barnes is broken too.
They see each other during the weekends, they talk, they argue – like they always do – but there are also stolen moments after everyone else has retired for the day when they’d sit, just like they do now – business kept well away from pleasure - and they share; words, memories, thoughts, moments and in some rare occasions,
They leave Monica in the safe hands of Shuri, Okoye and Nakia. They drop Peter off with a note to May Parker. Carol drops him and the jet at the tower.
Tony lets him pick up his injured hand and trace around the singed skin along his ring finger.
His neck is growing a deep shade of Pepper’s favourite lipstick.
He still thinks about it though.
Truth be told: his heart aches.
Tony tenses his muscles, keeping the shudder that wrecks his spine contained and he nods jerkily, jaw clenched tight and eyes serious.
Rogers who’s good to everyone and everything but for Tony.
Tony doesn’t even have a sibling. He cannot think how that would have felt for her. But he has Rhodey and when Rhodey came close to that in Germany, he had lost it.
to know I’m safe?”
But he’d learnt to accept the loss; learnt to move on. FRIDAY is his
He waits for Happy to arrive. He asks FRIDAY to play the latest news feed and he tries to distract his thoughts with it.
"I am, aren't I?"
“We want different things,” Tony works his mouth. Sleep lost to nerves and the cruel ache in his heart.
There’s that look that he keeps giving Tony but Tony decidedly shoves that deep down and punctures a hole so it bleeds off somewhere far, far from him.
Jesus – he shakes
It’s late, half an hour past ten. But it’s not too late for all the residents to be asleep yet. He doesn’t know anymore who has the habit of wandering out from their cocoon after they retire once.
There’s a long pause before Steve asks hoarsely, “Is that -,”
The scary thing is, Tony can easily see that it has the potential to hurt
He nods. Says, “Sure.” And he smiles at Rhodey with ease as he leads Barnes to somewhere private, as per his request.
“Wish you’d move back in,” Steve confesses as he passes a mug of tea after everybody else has gone to bed.
They discuss about Howard, Maria and Jarvis.
Or maybe he just
Something else would have. It’s not Steve’s –
Maybe he now remembers how Steve once perfectly replaced every missing pieces of his broken heart with his own.
One hand high on Steve’s hip, he guides him until they’re both sitting sideways on the mattress.
It nearly snaps Rhodey’s final string.
He’s curious. But that curiosity is a mild layer of something beneath a hunk of hurt from earlier that day.
The sparring session is supposed to rotate that way, so each member gets to learn the others’ weaknesses and help them overcome them. Usually they rotate between three to four partners during their two hours session.
Pepper’s out on a date. She usually will be around to welcome him home after his forced bonding weekend, but this time, Tony finds that he doesn’t miss her absence so much.
Right this second, he’s Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes, the leader of the Avengers’ team.
When he looks up, Steve’s staring at him with some skin to bewilderment and fondness. He doesn’t know where he falls in between those two emotions so he huffs disgruntledly and tugs again at the strap. “I hate this.”
Steve snorts. Natasha presses a smile into his temple, and she suggests, “Maybe he’d like to hear that from you.”
Those two blues haven’t really collided since way before Ultron now, have they?
“I love you so much,” Steve says, thick and congested as he sniffles.
Then why!? He wants to wail. Why are you – Why are we like this? What is happening? What’s going on? – So many questions and he stops to think because he’d learned from the past that when it comes to Tony Stark, he cannot be rash. He needs to properly assess every angle, consider every option before he opens his mouth.
Pepper greets, the click-clack of her heels echoing through the workshop as Tony drills in the last screw and looks up, a grin already splitting his face in half even before she kisses his cheek for a proper hello.
. Don’t come back that night. Tony didn’t expect them to. Natasha told him their location. Besides, the Council wouldn’t loosen their grip once they’ve had one on who they want and Tony knows all about that.
“It’s ten minutes to six.” Tony points out, eyebrows climbing up because what the hell is Steve still doing, talking to him when he’s supposed to be running after the clock?
But it
They work in silence until all the dishes are stored back, the counter’s wiped clean and with one last look at the kitchen, Steve offs the lights and they walk down the hallway to their respective rooms in the dark.
“I imagine doing a lot of things to you, Rogers. Kissing is just the tip of the iceberg.”
But Rogers is relentless. Something has snapped within him and he’s not stopping.
“Y-Yeah,” Tony scratches his beard, pathetically trying to hide the laugh he couldn’t quite control. “Anything else?”
“What if I hurt you again?”
2015 July 4
So damned juvenile, that Tony cannot help but huff out a laugh.
With that answered, he waves them all goodbye and exited himself, saving himself an explanation to Nick Fury.
The alarm blares. The lights shut down. JARVIS is unreachable again. Tony’s insides clamp down painfully and he shoves the sickening feel away to retrieve him.
Let me in.”
, because Pepper arrives that night. Takes one look at him and sighs, “He’ll be fine after some time.”
Marathoning bad Christmas movies when he could have had hearty meals instead of cheap pizzas and festivities, fun and games instead of sleep, quiet and cuddle with an older boyfriend.
“I don’t know what’s wrong with me,” he breathes into her neck and she pats his head patiently.
“You’re just trying to drive Rhodey insane. I see through you, space-face.” Tony squints at her.
He thinks about it so much that he’s silent throughout his ride back to the tower. He’s distracted through the dinner and Pepper finally loses her patience and interferes.
They’re grief-stricken, wretched pair with heads as stubborn as a mules.
After dinner, they slip away to somewhere less crowded and it’s not difficult to do that with a square feet area that eat up more than a large lake. Sometimes, they go to the workshop if Tony still have work to do. Sometimes, they stay in the kitchen, lingering after a hang out with the team.
“Have you seen the mirror?” Tony asks, gently butting his nose against Steve’s in return.
“I have to go.” He jerks a thumb over his shoulder, signalling at the door behind him.
“You’re just jealous.” Tony huffs.
Any other time, Tony would have leaped at the chance. He’s never been a guy for picket fences and happy endings but sitting in one of Barton’s kid’s rooms changes perspective.
It’s Korean tonight, courtesy of Natasha and surprisingly, Bucky – I have an extensive travel history – Barnes.
“Can I talk to you?” The man asks. He’s less composed than how Tony feels. It feels nice to have an upper hand in one form or another.
Nat raises an eyebrow from where she’s leaning next to James, nursing her tea. James seems to be aiming a wet teabag for Sam’s head.
Steve still coloured, the way he does around Tony. Because Steve is stupid and in love with Tony just as much as Tony is enraptured by him and oh, look – Isn’t it, time for a toast!
“What have I done to you?” He asks, more to himself.
“Second degree burn. The reactor? That was just failing physiology. Heart attack.”
Why would Rhodey think that?
“I didn’t ask,” Steve confirms.
Small mercies; this time Bruce isn’t following him back.
And it is - His heart is. All healed and pumping serum tainted blood through his vessels; keeping him alive like he hadn’t been gasping for breath in Tony’s lap just last week.
Steve rolls his eyes and coaxes him into a prone position; tucks his broken arm safely out of the way and Tony’s body snuggly into his curves. There’s a hard line pressing into Tony’s ass cleft and he digs his fingers into Tony’s hip when Tony tries to rub up.
There is a gauntlet all ready, lacking only the one stone on Thanos’ right hand.
“Stop protecting me from myself, Tony.” He tells him.
This one eased the ache in his chest, coaxed the stillness and silence to break into a humming lullaby, almost puts Tony to ominous sort of ease; accepting he loves Steve makes it hurt lesser to love him; if that makes any sense at all.
He got himself a cup of chamomile tea that day.
vicariously through achieving what he wants, and he wants to be close to Steve, so he glues himself to him.
Before Tony, who pushed him away.
The elevator pings. Tony steps out, the prickling in his chest now a growing burning sensation, travelling from gut up to his mouth and he swallows with a shudder.
He’s got something in his hand - cool and metallic - and he knows he’s sitting cause he lacks the energy to carry his body weight right now. He’s slowly tuning back into reality when he realises just where his gaze is fixed at (spaced out or not).
Somewhere between Howard’s fist and Maria’s ignorance, he’d heard his heart crack for the first time and subsequent second that ever since then he’d stopped counting the number of fracture lines running down there.
“Ah.” Tony says, and he spends most of his night awake and thinking about it.
future, except his own future.
The thing with having friends is, they tend to meddle.
“I’m getting old, Tony.” Rhodey sighs from the other end. “I’m tired.”
“I have a fucked-up brain, or a brain that’s been fucked with a large number of times – depending on where you’re looking from. She’s upset all the time and I don’t think it’s helping her with her control over her power. I can feel it -,”
He hadn’t told Steve everything that was going on and it was too late – Steve was going to find out the next morning, Ross was coming with the Accords.
He heaves a sigh and puts on a smile even if she can’t see. He feels like he should with her and Peter. Maybe that’s how his mother felt around him too.
It’s not his style to word his question this way, but again, he wasn’t really going for his style was he. It’s hers; Natasha’s.
everything goes well? Is this not a safe trip? Are you fighting?”
Super soldier and their super speed: "Come here, you!" Tony calls, breaking into a jog and God forbid, he'd lived close to half a century of his life; Steve even worse, but also not. He's 33 if they're counting out the years he'd spent in the ice. Still old enough to not run but he is; bolting into their shared bedroom like the devil himself is at his tail, chuckles like chiming bells following his path.
interferes.
T’Challa apparently finds him amusing, because he laughs for the second time in row at something Tony said.
And he sees the way Barnes eyes the armour. There’s a mountain of questions in there, for certain.
"Yeah," he snorts. “Kid you not, I would really like you to.”
prompt: Kisses exchanged as they move around, hitting the edges of tables or nearly tripping over things on the floor before making it to the sofa, or bed.
He looks away, towards where the lawn is, behind the locked kitchen door and windows, and he tries to picture how it must be out there.
He couldn’t even get those words out of him. So, when he arrives, he’s in a real foul mood as he waits and waits for the name to pop up.
Rhodey flings an arm over Tony’s shoulder and scoffs. “Childish. Absolute horror but man… they take me back to those days I spent with the guys, on the field, you know.”
He wants to live too. He wants to laugh, be happy, and he wants to love – even if his love is a tangle of unsorted mess, he’s willing to take what time he has left in this life to untangle it, sort it out, weave something gorgeous out of it and he knows he can do it.
momentarily lost in that other side of him.
He can feel the bed dipping as Steve knelt and leaned over until his mouth hovered over Tony’s sleep creased cheek.
He can see it as he moves as well, just a lean forward and as he cups a hand over her curled ones around the mug and he gives a squeeze, nodding at her encouragingly when she meets his eyes.
His arm slips away from around his torso minutely until Tony stubbornly grabs hold of his hand and hoists himself up as well.
for contact, starving for each other. Trembling with wants so violent that it bursts through their pores; spilling like white hot lava, burning everywhere their skin touch and maybe they knock several furniture over -Tony doesn’t know for sure.
Tony snorts, "That's 1991, honey. Now I just bathe in credit cards. Not very comfortable which makes me want design them to -
If Tony was in Steve’s shoes, he’d be fucking pissed. So, he said no.
Steve who put his life on the line, throwing himself at death but death turned against him; death cheated him, pushed him away seven decades to the future where everyone and everything he once knew had been gone.
He turns his back to Steve, focusing on the dried dishes, pulling open the cabinets and he begins to arrange them back into their places, one by one.
And Bucky takes it.
“You two just don’t know how to be anything else, do you?”
They’re just starting, for fuck’s sake.
“Twenty-six!” Sam whispers scandalously, eyes wide and gleeful as he smothers Barnes’ face with the pillow.
“Who said that?” Pepper asks.
“I thought you wouldn’t stay,” he confesses into Tony’s hair, holding him tight.
“I love you,” he whispers into Tony’s hair, twining their fingers together, wedding rings meeting in a kiss, and they have their honorary first dance.
, over and over. Stitching them into his void, like that will stick, because it won’t.
Along with a kiss to his cheek which makes Tony wonder how long before that expires – like all things inevitably do.
And it surely can.
“What’d you get? Louboutin?” Tony interrupts, to which Wanda snorts indelicately, immediately hiding it behind a hand and an apology.
if you've stuck by this long, thank you very much. stay safe and lots of love <3
“No. I don’t know,” He cuts him short before Steve could get any ideas. “I just want to move on for now. Can we just. Don’t ask me more?”
Blinking hard, he empties his plastic cup down his throat and looks up. “Why you’d kill for him,” he smirks. Not an ounce of feeling under his skin.
First question he’ll ask will be: “Can you proof that I did it?”
This time, Tony doesn’t even think about turning tail. Instead, he looks Rogers in the eyes and nods.
“Is there any way the two of you to reach a compromise?”
It’s so weird to feel the
Who gave his life to protect his country but was waken up seven decades into the future instead; lost and grieving with nobody who’d once known him.
“So, you let him in.” Tony states.
Rogers who didn’t even blink an eye before smashing the remaining pieces of Tony’s heart with his Vibranium shield.
She leaves silence in her absence. Wilson clears his throat, latching onto a topic to bug Bruce with; Bruce who’s far too willing to indulge him.
He remembers falling in love with Steve. He doesn’t know when it started, but he remembers half way through the process.
The unopened velvet box he left along with Steve the night before Ross presented the Accord is the glaring evident of that heartbreak.
what he wants.
“Call Rhodey,” he tells Pepper.
He taps, taps and
“I miss him too.” Pepper murmurs in agreement. Her glower is now a misty pair of pale blue and Tony hates them.
(Which is essentially a big build-yourself furniture shop. Might as well saw the woods himself and start, Bucky thinks, rather than spending hundreds for low quality planks. But Tony had been especially enthusiastic to bring him here so, Bucky came - would follow him to the pit of Hell even.)
– What, exactly? He doesn’t know.
He’s a futurist.
Come six, Tony excuses himself to the bathroom.
Pepper.
They each had their own equations with the others. Simply because the equation between Rogers and Tony dwindled, doesn’t mean the rest of them have to suffer as well.
“Hi,” Steve murmurs, a soft smile playing along his supple pink lips.
Left alone with Charles and McCoy, both men offer a tour around their lab while waiting for Wanda and Miss Grey to return.
Tony’s breath seizes just like it did when he first saw him today. But there were companies then, and it was subtle, milder. While now, they’re alone. In private.
“Are you calling me a psychopath?” He attempts for a joke, but it comes out flat.
, around and inside him. How Steve, physically, was also
Steve swallows, Adam’s apple bobbing along his throat and Tony glances at it distractedly, promptly snapping back to the sea of blue; now bleeding black, inside out.
“What do you mean
“I’m not mad at him. I just -,” Tony sighs.
He had said before blasting Tony off into the waterfall.
"He bathes in money." Bucky nods.
“What are you? 12?” he snorts. “Is this how you flirt, because Rogers you better count your lucky stars you landed me for your boyfriend. I let you get away with this. Anyone else, I doubt they will.”
“Since when have you been here?” Tony half shouts at him.
And Steve, that man isn't a saint either. Tony suspects, sometimes, he even does it on purpose.
“Steve?” he calls again, crawling blindly. Something breaks the window and lands next to him and hits his toe. Barely a time to react, and he’s flung across the room and he only remembers a clean thud to his skull before he blacks out.
How he had eased himself into his second chance (probably the last of the numerous second chances) at life.
Tony tosses and turns, hoping blinding himself from the blow glow will help. But darn it. He forgets the blue glow follows him everywhere now. It makes him laugh.
Does Steve do too, inside?
“Oh, for real, I’m just glad you both are working things out between you two.” She shrugs, her shoulder pads following her tiny gesture and amplifying it.
“You’re beautiful.” Steve whispers.
He shouldn’t. He knows if Steve went through his drawers in his workshop while Tony isn’t there, without Tony knowing, he knows he’ll be mad.
But one day, she decided that she is no longer going to be one. That she is going to wield her fate as her own. Wipe the dripping red off of her many ledgers.
“If you live here, you’d know.” Natasha remarks casually, her eyes trained unblinking on the TV when Tony snaps his attention back to her.
Relapses happen.
It’s barely a walk to their destination. Steve stops by at one of the fruit stalls to buy some apples and oranges and,
Six months after the New York Battle, Tony gets a call from Fury which he promptly dismisses. And another and another and - “Mute.”
Moving on, he reminds himself.
Thus, Tony keeps his faceplate strictly down, feet not touching the ground, letting Rhodey lead every conversation that boils up.
“Then why -,” Steve begins, promptly interrupted by the elevator door opening and he’s so frustrated that he jabs at the door close button and swipes his hand across all the floors; ensuring no interruptions until they reach the topmost floor of the premise.
It’s not that Tony doesn’t want to speak but he
“It’s not your fault.” He clarifies, palming the reactor still, hoping the blue will be contained.
“But -,”
Some kid screams 'language!' at the top of his lungs, tiny fingers pointing at Bucky, wild eyes looking at his mommy and Bucky turns just in time to receive dirty eyes from her.
“You didn’t do anything.”
“Good morning.” He says.
“Goodnight, Tony.”
, I’ll be informed. I’m staying downstairs, it’s only fair,” She adds in a softer tone, expecting Tony to argue with her that when Tony nods, agreeing, she actually gawks at him.
“I beat you up as well in case -,”
T’Challa pauses, the arms he’d crossed over his chest loosening as he seems to regroup his thoughts for a while after.
“Thank you, darling.”
He sees why their friends worry. He sees what T’Challa meant when he told Tony what he should have to Steve because he didn’t believe Steve would listen to him.
“No,” she says firmly. “Thank
He calls Rhodey into his fourth month of therapy.
you’ve forgotten, like putting on that favourite piece of shirt and feeling that familiar pattern of embroidery where your hand always reaches habitually for (and until then you don’t realise that this roughness was what your skin sought to feel every time it brushed the other fabrics that had sat on your body).
But there’s also a high chance that he’d started closing lid over his emotion-can so early on that no one still alive can recount what pure excitement looked like on Tony’s face. Not even Tony himself.
He told himself that he was saving Steve the trouble. Told himself, he was saving Steve from the heartbreak as he watched it shatter before him.
Tony holds himself stiffly in the cold plastic chair. He has a few choices of words for the King but it’s unfortunately not his territory;
. It’s pathetic. And the only other pathetic person Tony knows around here, is himself.
Tony follows her.
On a less professional notion, Rhodey and Sam exchanged contacts with Scott and some of the brute guys from his gang.
He’s shuddering in Steve’s embrace; shoulders shaking for a completely different reason than laughing, and he murmurs into Steve’s blushing ear, giddy as he his, with hopes and in mood, he asks;
Not the one he gets when he sees Steve getting attacked and wants to blow them into pieces; not as fierce as that. But the kind which he feels in the confinement of their bedroom when Steve curls into a vulnerable ball, seeking comfort from Tony and Tony wants to pull the blanket over them both and shield Steve from everything; even the harshest light or the smallest draft.
Maybe Tony falls in long line of all the other Rogers’ villain. After all, Tony had the power to bring out the worst in Rogers too.
“Bad day?”
It’s a permission to proceed. Despite being vulnerably alone without Rhodey’s shadow looming over him (he stopped needing that all the time after the first four weekends), Tony’s not afraid to finally face his biggest demon. More progress, he supposes.
But they’re also friends and - well. Friends can hug right?
as if he’s sixteen and a disappointment.
Natasha Romanov. Born where and to whom, she has no idea. All she knows is that she was brought up a weapon.
“What, you think I can’t hurt you?” He challenges.
Either way, Steve purses his lips, bats his lashes and tilts his head at an angle. All the while looking at Tony with those baby blue puppy eyes and that's all it takes for Tony to drop the glue gun and groan into his hands.
Wanda retires early; Wilson and Rhodey choosing to hang out with Scott Summers and his boisterous gang at the lounge; beers, cards and whatever else.
Break the one person he’d never imagined will even crack; and he really – He didn’t really think through it. This is not – He didn’t want this – He – This is a mistake. So wrong – Very, very wrong. God.
this is officially the end of this story. but since many requested for a steve counterpart, it'll be an additional fifth chapter. :)
He simply holds onto her hand and he hopes she hears him just as loud as them.
He inhales sharply, laughing dryly when Steve does the same, his breathing synchronizing with Tony’s.
He wants to live and he wants to start right
So, the last one that he actually wants to and can remember was the one with Steve; cuddled on the couch in front of a high-tech fireplace while sipping on the hot chocolate Steve made for them.
Self-destructiveness easily reclaims its residence in the now empty vault of his chest and sings him to hell.
Then he decides primly, “You’re not the man I imagined to meet, Mr Stark.”
All eyes turn to Tony who squints, “Okaaay.”
He sighs, the callous of his fingertips scratching lightly over the newly forming bruise one last time before he immerses himself into storing away the dried plates and mugs.
And Tony couldn't agree more.
Instead, he lets Tony hold him like that, head tucked beneath Tony’s chin while he hugs Tony back just as tightly and glues themselves together.
Coffee! Nice. Really nice.
- and he whines, "I'm cold."
The sheer inability to hold back his smile and to grin too wide that his cheeks hurt; Steve’s blue eyes, the way they look at him like he knows what Tony’s playing at and Tony’s emptiness fucking
It’s past ten in the night, Avengers’ Compound.
“I’m not even on the
He’s a different man. A different body, as well as a different mind. There are lines and scars there that Steve had never seen.
His dark eyes glowering mad as he punches his fists into his pants’ pocket and strides out of Tony’s mansion.
The clock on the bedside table reads four past two in the morning.
Liar, Bucky thinks. Squinting at the way a pink tongue peeks out for a deliberate lick over Tony's lower lip, in that practiced nonchalance pose Bucky's so used to seeing Tony when he's stripped naked, fucked out raw, and in post orgasmic bliss.
Tony sniffles and Pepper squints until he removes the order. Every single thing. Okay, maybe she allows a set. But still –
They’ve been making-out more and more lately. Could even outdo their previous rambunctious days when they’ve christened every surface in the tower. Except these days, they’ve been stopping at make-outs only.
Wilson is as strong as the pillar he has always been but, they’re all dead men walking.
Tony ran a hand over his forehead, brushing his hair from front to back and he cupped the base of Steve’s occiput, rub a thumb over each of his eyebrows and he looked at Steve for a long while, thoughtful and searching before he decided.
T’Challa gives a call.
Will he really be mad at Steve for snooping or will he be mad at himself for still hanging onto the past and being caught at it?
“Can you let me finish?”
“What?” Tony blinks, dropping his chopsticks into the carton as well. Attention focused on the lady.
“- and you had a heart attack. I was -,”
“You can ask him.” Barnes suggests with an uncharacteristic drawl.
He’d read about mutants and their variety of powers. He’d spent three nights at it. The most Tony had given was only one night and he could get a PhD in neuroscience for that hours of lost sleep.
“Wha – No! No, no, no. Of course not! I love that,” The teen blinks, bright eyes slightly misty but no threats are there to spill.
No friends, no hope left in him, but only a pencil and a book and it’s Saturday when he finds him on the dining table.
But it’s more than that – everything’s more than that.
He can’t.
Tony cups his jaw one last time before he lets him go. “Can’t stop either.”
She doesn’t try to hide the surprise in her eyes. Merely embraces it, recollects herself and gives a nod to proceed.
Tony spends a minute to track down Jean Grey and personally thank her, Steve tagging him along to express his own gratitude.
They can spar in peace. Have dinner like a team.
She’s not outright bursting with joy, but her anxiety had seemed to have seeped out. She’s calmer.
Steve swallows around another jerky nod.
“Pepper. Be honest. Where were you going when I called you in?”
“I only had a chocolate,” Steve simply beams at him, the corners of his baby blue eyes crinkling, making something like a lump lodge in Tony’s throat.
"When you plugged me?" Tony sits up, scoffing and he’s disgruntled but relenting.
He closes his eyes and takes a deep inhale, muting all of them to nothing. Then, when he opens his eyes, it’s like he’s seeing Pepper Potts for the very first time that evening.
he doesn’t say.
Rhodey still looks mildly disturbed, mumbling, “You keep telling me that.”
Rogers’ jaw clenches. Defined angle with soft lining of facial muscle. Tony remembers thinking about them a lot. A long, long time ago.
With guilt and regret flogging most of his thoughts, he cradles Steve’s head to his naked chest, uncaring of the dampness Steve leaves behind. Not as long as he lets Tony hold him, Tony could give shit about the mess.
So, with that faith he has for Captain America, he lets some leak for Steve too. Allows him some, like a deposit of sort, and he hopes – god, he so hopes – Steve doesn’t fuck it up this time.
“I was here before
One day, Pepper decides to forgive him and return and he tells her, “Help me,
It fucking is.
"Let's go home," he noses his cheek, thrilling from the feel of whiskers on his lips, and he drags his hand down to wrap around exposed ankle. Giving it a squeeze, he husks out a promise, "You repeat that thing you did here in our bed and I'll love you real good, you'll forget your name.”
“Yes, but he’s asking for -,”
Steve smiles, smug and well - he has a very good reason to be, no shit. "All is fair in love and war," he says, chest puffing out in pride.
In retrospect, he doesn’t know what he says.
He knows how much power that blue glow in his chest – now, and almost all the time, hidden behind his under-suit – holds over their tentative attempts to reconcile. He knows.
“Me too.” He says, tipping his hip up against an abandoned table.
Halfway through a peanut butter sandwich, he realises with the lack of appropriate emotions, that he not only doesn’t know what he wants when it comes to Steve, but he doesn’t know what he wants when it comes to his own life as well.
Rogers with a heart so big and shiny and good to a point of it being faulty.
“Tony, you’re rambling.” Pepper chides fondly.
“You stalked me for half a year and you’re trying to defend Pepper’s virtue!”
“Hello?”
“You can’t be drunk.
“I know.”
Maybe it’s Red Skull, or Nazi, or Hitler.
Rhodey shoots a look at Tony. Tony meets him with a blank glance of his own.
When Steve shakes his head and says, “I didn’t say that,” Tony stops.
Tony stares at her, unblinking. “Peggy?” he calls faintly, blood sizzling up his veins, and he clenches his fists, sitting straight in his chair. “Peggy, it’s me. Tony.”
He needs a hug.
Behind him, Tony scoots closer so his legs are spread out to sandwich Bucky in between, and he wraps his arms around Bucky's neck. Throws himself over Bucky’s back and he props his chin on his shoulder and sighs, "Sure, I remember that."
Tony catches Natasha’s eyes fleeting away in shame, to what, he learns as he catches Barnes’ falling away from Bruce, then discreetly landing on Natasha before he too excuses himself from the table.
Steve’s breath hitches and he exhales, “Tony...”
Tony beams at her. Her floral eau de parfum a comforting distraction. “Well, now that you’re here. How was the date? Did you enjoy Paris with your beau.”
She lost her everything too many times, when most people could not even handle going through that once.
That, coupled with the way Steve is struggling to hold himself. Visibly shaking as if he’ll fall and crumble any second and that.
Except his reason used to be a prisoner of war with a fuck ton load of issues that could make his own look microscopical in comparison - which we're not doing here because asking whose pain is worse is just a shitty thing to do in general but it gives a perspective as to why he's slumped against the glass panel, eyes glazed staring at the lone couch in their living room looking severely intoxicated.
He falls asleep somewhere along the line. But it’s disturbed and unrested. He doesn’t bother getting up from the bed. He doesn’t have a plan of action in his head yet.
He grips onto the logical part of his brain and he turns away. Dum-E nudges his elbow, holding out a wrench and Tony is not working on anything that needs it but he grabs it for the desperate need to ground himself. Channels all the vengeance into the metal and he’ll fling it later; hard and swift and it’ll break all of his glass panels and he’ll be satisfied for a bit.
With an exasperated sigh, she mumbles out a sheepish, barely, but still, audible; “A date.”
It was something gradual. Which is why Barnes scares Tony. Because it has been like that with Rhodey, before, during their early days.
But Tony keeps shaking his head from the moment Rhodey starts speaking. “No. No. There’s no need for me here. I’m getting old, and I cannot. I physically and mentally cannot, Rhodey. I’m gonna -,”
, is all he could think. Nothing else.
Tony’s face carefully blanks out and he looks away again before he answers, “I’m not. I’m a very busy man – as a matter of fact I have a meeting to attend in five minutes and you’re going to answer to Pepper when she calls because -,”
He closes in then, urgent, and he catches Tony’s head in both hands; cradles his face like something precious and leans down to look into Tony's eyes.
Defiance leads him to squeeze Steve’s hand just like he’d imagined, closing his eyes as he feels the tight fist under his skin.
"Blame Steve. Sounds like his influence if you ask me."
the invincible Iron Man after all.
Pepper’s tense all the time.
Bucky doesn't hesitate before he answers, “Better if I’d seen you.”
Wilson doesn’t show, but then again, he and Rhodey appear like they have a great comradery going on between them.
wide.
“Trust me.”
Tony misses him. He misses that crinkles that pull up next to Steve’s bright blue eyes when he’s unsure and he’s trying for a smile just like he is now.
“I’m going to pay them for this, I swear.” Tony grumbles as he tucks the blanket over Steve. He gives a pat to his cheek, planning to stand up when Steve catches his wrist and doesn’t let go.
Behind him, Rogers is still talking.
It'll tackle the whole 'abuse' notion from his perspective as well as some awkward first dates between himself and tony
Tony gets home, and for the first time since a very long time, he doesn’t call Pepper.
Steve who endured the pain of broken ice and cold ocean so he could save the world.
It brings flashes of memories. Of how Steve was also, once,
She says something else, but the noise in his head is extremely loud. A cacophony of what feels like all his convictions clashing with each other at once; panicking, questioning one another, and even
Took three brittle chunks of his pathetic heart wrapped in crimson and he gave the to Steve.
Tony couldn’t help it, he grins back at him, “What’s that face?”
He shouldn’t of course. It’s invading privacy. Steve Rogers may be his ex, but nobody deserves an invasion to their privacy.
He knows it’s not anyone’s fault, but being the crowd, in that instance, he can’t avoid the guilt from twisting around his gut.
She nods, less convinced than he was hoping she would be but they stick to that until she tells him, on his second last day, “What if you talk it out with him?”
“One approximately dated to when we were in Germany; whether before, during or after the battle, I don’t know – didn’t really care to pinpoint the time then. The second one, I felt it, in the bunker.”
Tony leaves the glasses in the sink and moves to the living room. “I’m fine. Startled. But, fine.” He insists. “Are you staying over?” There’s a lilt to his question, an accidental giveaway; hopeful.
“I don’t trust them.” Tony murmurs, tapping away at codes, infiltrating yet another layer of security in the SHIELD’s dark system. That’s what he dubs it based on its unusuality and how discretely it was hidden. At least, before Tony spotted the layers and started digging.
going to trust her the same way again.
In special cases (read: Pepper, Rhodey and a handful of people he’s not sure if they are what they once were to him anymore), he says sorry.
But Tony has started it, and he has to get this over with; bloody, bruised, broken or not.
The fire in Tony dies a little at that. He closes his eyes, pulling in a deep breath before fisting around the hem of his threadbare shirt and yanking it up.
After sometime, Barnes nods. Tony nods back. And the door closes, leaving him alone and feeling weirdly trapped in one of the many empty rooms of the Avengers’ compound.
At least, the absence of Pepper’s coddling takes away his self-pity. He’s not sad anymore. He’s
She waits until he stuffs a piece of naan in his mouth to ask, “Do you – Do you want to?”
“What does that have to do with Bucky?” Steve asks from where he’s sat on the couch, flicking the top end of his New York Times to look at Tony.
free out of his hold and he jerks back in surprise, shaking his head when he meets Barnes’ watchful eyes from where he crouches, correcting a dent from Tony’s armour with his metal hand.
But she eloquently doesn’t comment on it. And Tony is secretly grateful for that.
He’s on a mood elevator, one tablet every morning.
Waking up next to Steve has been something he’s never done for a very long time too.
When Wanda returns, she has a frown on her face, but it vanishes as soon as she spots them.
There’s nothing wrong with the privacy outside the workshop door. But if Barnes and Wanda got to talk to him in the luxury of a closed room, Tony supposes Rogers does too. Equality and all.
Pepper glares, chucking the empty juice box at his face with a desolate groan.
Sandwich.
He empties all the alcohol bottles in the penthouse after sleeping through half of his second day back home.
“They did a few tests while patching me up. Found out that I had two attacks in the span of less than 24 hours -,”
wants to touch Steve.
Conveniently, everyone fills out without lingering; each of them shooting Tony and Steve a knowing look. It saves him the time but he’s not so sure about being the one to spin the rumour wheel for this week.
Tony has an inkling, that’s where they’re headed to.
Steve chuckles, chucking the kitchen towel to a corner while Wilson walks away, whistling Marvin Gaye as loud as he can at the barren morning.
Methodically, ordering Steve to follow his example, as he pulls one large hand to palm his own chest and he goes through the count over and over until Steve’s shudders and his breathing eases down.
Tony wonders what his problem is with Tony. That even after that poorly exchanged apology, he seems to withdraw to himself whenever Tony’s in vicinity. Is he scared of Tony? Is he scared of himself around Tony?
He remembers how sadness looked at the tender age of four. The same age he built his first circuit board. They got him a ‘child genius’ title for the latter, but in his mind, he was accepting it for the former.
Then he husks, fingers digging into the flesh of Tony's ass to pull him flush against himself, “I said: I
“Oh, hey. I tried to rip out your power supply. And I killed your parents. Think I earned it. Sides, didn’t we already apologise?” Barnes tries for a smile.
A match, was it? His perfect counterpart.
The stock spikes back up 24hours within their new product release.
With Steve, they can both achieve that, because god, their love is a fucked up thing but it’s the most beautiful fucked up thing Tony has ever seen; ever had the privilege of participating in; co-own it – and he can never think of any other person he wants to co-own it with other than Steve.
Once Pepper’s done wiping her tears away, mustering her ‘look’ back; all prim, proper and deadly again.
does. But there’s a part of him that has always malfunctioned when it came to Rogers, the part that decided to join Rogers by the hips, sing his name in chants, worship him,
“Like hell you are.”
But the shy smile that tugs at the corner of his trembling lips – under his tear glazed eyes and dully flushed cheeks - is so fucking worth it that Tony does it again.
Peggy turns to look at him and she blinks. Something shifts in her eyes and the next second, she’s slapping him hard across the face.
God knows, if not for his healing factors, Steve would be wearing a scar too; right over his heart – a stab wound, mark of Tony’s rejection out of cowardice.
“To Hill.” Steve says, “Come on, let’s go.” he catches Tony by his elbow and pulls him towards the exit, Tony’s coat is already in one hand as he holds the door open with the other.
Maybe that’s why he lets Steve tuck his head under his chin and says, “I’ll keep you warm, super soldier.”
Three days ago, Bucky was light. He kissed Tony goodbye and went for his morning jog. Tony packed his bags, left three letters for each day on his pillow so Bucky could feel him even if he's not there and in a worse case scenario, if they couldn't call.
There’s a heavy guilt in his chest now. Along with Rogers’ face in the background.
“You said he was taunting you.”
Tony minimises the window and pulls out another, zooms it out and crooks a finger at Steve, calling him in.
Bucky Barnes sits in a corner, crouched in front of his toolbox, next to his unfinished motorbike, clearly working on its construction still.
It’s the centrepiece of the room. A grand piano.
“It was by text. Pepper was very professional. There was no friendliness at –
“Always, Tony.” She raises the cup at him before bringing it to her mouth.
it and Tony bears the brunt of it.
“Us?” Steve swallows. Eyes darting away from Tony, fixing onto a faraway wall where Barnes used to sit.
But it still makes her curl into herself, hand slipping away from Sam.
From the slight crookedness to his sharp nose to the little dip beneath his plumpness of his lower lip.
“Oh, thank god. Finally,” he hugs Wanda and then Tony.
They talk about everything –
“Yes.” Tony breathes, one hand going instinctively to palm the reactor.
“How is he?”
One thumb over that one twitching muscle; even if he aches to do more, the ache is wonderfully dull.
Steve doesn’t respond immediately. Instead, he carries on with his work. The same easy smile lingering on his face promising a retort. Meanwhile, Tony concludes a few calculations and remodels a new product.
. This is Thanos we’re talking about. He’s going to snap half of the universe into extinction.”
It makes him laugh though, brighter, a little louder than the breathy huff he’d let out earlier.
Halloween comes and goes.
“Tell me. I want to fix it.” And he can’t help it when his desperation leaks through, if he sounds like he’s begging, because he is. There is no doubt in that.
He watches as her sharp gaze soften and her lips relax into something close to smile and he wonders if that’s how he looks when he’s looking at Steve.
Tony opens his eyes then and he sees Steve’s head tipping heavily to the window, asleep.
He doesn’t fare well by the end of the day but they’ve reached a collective decision to proceed with Tony’s plan of action to redeem the company and that’s all that matters, right? Beyond the desperate itch to reach for something sharp and stinging down his throat.
As if on cue, Tony hears a soft snore coming from the warm lump sagging over him. His face must give it away because Rhodey says, “I’d say I’ll help you, but something tells me you can handle it alone anyway.”
He lays in bed instead. He opens up the steel box he’d shut away, he sees how far it has licked its way around his fragile conscience.
The warmth of his hug.
“He was – It was awful, Tony.” She recalls steadily. “He was distraught. I’ve never seen him like that. It was
He gets back into the workshop with tinkering in mind and comes up with a brand new Starkpad overnight (reinstalling FRIDAY somewhere along those cacophony of thoughts in his brain).
He’s slightly mussed, sleeves uncuffed, tie loosened and his hair look like he’d run his hand through it many times.
On the day itself, the sky seems to mourn with them.
They’re lame; could be better. But it’s past midnight in some unregistered region on earth and they’re tired from fighting his own creation, tired of arguing; it's a picket fence farm with children and everything feels like fairy dreams here.
“Honesty, Pep.” Tony clucks at her.
Every-fucking-day.
“After the fight,” He starts.
Pulling away, he tilts his head up and presses another kiss on Steve’s forehead.
Kisses him hungry, yearning and when he’s running out of breath, he pulls back, realises he’s practically wrapped around Steve but doesn’t care. He asks, “Do you want to do this?”
and that should have maybe warned him. Tony itched, but he never asked. He called Bucky and made sure he knew he loves him, made sure he took his meals, made sure he went down to the communal area so he hung out with his friends and not stayed cooped in the room only. He sent photos and on a whim, a few postcards which would reach later than he already did but -
And Tony, he takes in a shuddering breath, leaning into Steve, speechless with his face cradled in Steve’s hands; soft and gentle. Listening to him say, “Don’t fix yourself, Tony. You’re perfect as you are,” - And the part of him he’s been trying to rip off from weeks ago; the part of him that’s so attached to Steve, that needs him every second of the day to breathe, that loves him so bad, pushes him forward and makes him taste those words from Steve’s lips.
Natasha washes while Tony voluntarily wipes the dishes before stacking them up on the counter to be stored away after.
But what terrifies him the most is the realisation that after everything he’d lost, he may have still not paid the full price yet. That there still maybe some more debt written under his name.
“FRI.”
Maybe Tony won’t like what he’ll find in here.
Now, Tony’s confused.
They went back to the piano and teaching Steve how to play it and it might have been an hour or two later when they went to bed together. But this time Steve slept. No nightmares sneaking into his subconscious with Tony’s arms and warmth surrounding him like an armour.
“Boss.”
going to stop Iron Man.
“Leave it be,” Steve’s voice is soft, his fingers gentle when they pry away Tony’s. “I know what you’re doing,” he tells him.
Pepper and Rhodey had tried for Tony once, it hadn’t been enough. He’d found what he needed far away from them.
Bruce had said.
Bruce snickers in the background, but immediately schools his expression when Fury shoots him a glare.
was he?
“Fuck, yeah!” he punches the air quietly.
He takes a step back and watches every flicker of emotions that flit across Steve’s face; from relief to horror to determination.
“Tony? Tony!”
, “I love you.”
She will have Christmas with them before she leaves.
“Tell her I’m busy inventing something that could triple her paycheck.”
They’re busted and broken, with still a lot of healing and patch up works to do, but he can see it right then what Steve once dubbed a family.
“All of them,” Tony breathes, lungs blooming fresh with the smell of Bucky this close, this warm and he could taste his scent on his tongue with every breath he takes.
“This is
“I mean, why not tell the others, why are you here, not with them.” He adds hastily when Bruce looks at him like he’s lost his head.
He adds the parts which T’Challa provided and he ponders over them.
His ears ring, horrific memories from over a year ago fleeting through the forefront of his brain and he bites the inside of his cheek from wincing.
, Tony remembers thinking before he passed out.
Another eye roll as Steve takes a sip of his own. But nothing about his manner is accusatory. Instead, he’s easy, calm and almost – effortlessly –
Once that’s done, he closes his eyes and forces himself to try it since there’s nothing else.
Everyone expects something from him. Not always, but not never either.
“Mutants?” Rhodey repeats, looking at Tony as if he’s cooking up some bullshit.
No, it’s not,” Tony assures her calmly, “We’re taking it slow.”
Chaos breaks all at once in that moment.
Tony clawed his brain out, waiting for Pepper’s reply while he immediately hopped on the jet back to New York; no second thoughts at all.
It snaps his mouth shut and his body melts on its own accord just as his arms move to wrap around Bucky’s bulky torso.
“You’re afraid.” He states.
His face drains out of its colour; eyes burning harshly brighter than before, he presses his lips thinly together, shoulders rigid the way they were when Tony had first stepped in.
Happy.
Doesn’t mean he escapes Rhodey though, because that bear sure hunts him down with a hunger.
Steve whines quietly – so quiet, it’s indecipherable -,  his hand, the one resting just beneath the reactor, long nimble fingers,
Fuck, what the fuck is happening to him.
It’s like diving back into fond memories, the one with the
Rhodey pats her hair, sighing as he exchanges a relieved look with Tony, and Tony smiles; all of them do, sad, but still, a smile nonetheless.
He turns off the lights, locks the shop and he takes the stairs to the penthouse; what can he say, he's 45, and he's trying to be a better man now that he has a reason to wish for a longer life.
