She had killed Vision. Her magic had infected his body with the Ultron Protocols and literally torn him apart.
And it wasn't like Clint not to have an opinion on a decision as important as this, usually a loud opinion.
To lose all of that so suddenly, along with his home and the woman he had loved; Steve didn't know anyone who would be in good shape after that.
"The cat misses you," Steve said, the words awkward. Their real meaning was probably painfully obvious. Steve's ears felt hot for a moment, and he wondered if his ridiculous inability to relax properly without Tony in bed next to him showed on his face.
"It still hurts just as hard when people hit you." Clint yanked one of his arrows out of a laser port and squinted at the tip. "The longer reach is useful, though. You can pull a twelve or thirteen foot longbow at that height."
"You know who else would be good at it?" Steve said, ignoring the question but feeling his ears go hot. "Delroy Garrett." Triathlon was another hero who'd had problems with his powers, although the circumstances had been a little more esoteric than simple lack of control, and he was also deeply committed both to superheroing and to the ideas of training, discipline, and self-improvement.
Tony made a choked-off pain noise when the plug went in, and his hand sprang open, dropping the cable. His back arched, and the fingers of his other hand dug into the arm of Steve's couch, white with tension. The room's other lamp flickered, dimming perceptibly for a moment.
Sam spread the plans out across the tall receptionist's desk, shoving a bowl of wrapped candies, a pen on the end of a silver chain, and a potted African violet out of the way. The building was old, only nine stories, and the stairwells were located at the east and west corners. Elevators were in the center, but they could count those out; anybody who could put a gas in the ventilation system could probably be counted on to tamper with the elevators.
Sam seemed to come out of nowhere, his shoulder catching the Doombot mid-torso in a tackle straight out of American football.  Both of them went tumbling in a mass of metal, wings, and long limbs, and Wanda ran forward, paralysis broken.
Hank cleared his throat. "I say yes, too. We need her where we can stop her, if something goes wrong."
"Dying makes a man re-evaluate things. Tony's always been one of my closest friends, and as we began trying to work out our differences in order to stop Red Skull, Doom, and the Mandarin, and get Registration repealed, I realized that he had become much more than that."
"Wear your old Goliath costume, then, or go find your Ant-Man helmet. We're going to need your help; it doesn't matter which costume you're wearing."
Carol dropped into the room's sole remaining chair, stretching her long legs out in front of her, bootheels scrapping slightly on the scuffed linoleum. "Don't worry," she said. "Tony's gone through this kind of thing before. I'm sure he'll be fine."
"I know that whatever you do," Steve said, "it will be what you think is right. For yourself and for everyone else."
Tony reached out and caught Steve's wrist, tugging him back over to the side of his completely unnecessary infirmary bed.  "Are you okay?" he asked quietly.  As annoyingly irrational as Steve was being at the moment, he still didn't like the idea of letting him storm out still angry at him.  Especially not after Doom's little bombshell earlier.  It was probably too much to hope that Steve had forgotten it in the heat of the moment.  Not when it had stopped him cold in the middle of a firefight.
Steve only just managed to keep himself from crashing face-first into the floor, his knee slamming painfully into the metal flooring.  Damn it.  His reaction times were off; he'd practically handed Doom that escape.
This evening certainly beat the last time the two of them had had the entire mansion to themselves, Tony reflected. Then he shoved the thought away, hard. They were moving on now, he reminded himself, putting the past behind them, and he couldn't do that if he let himself dwell on the memory of fighting Steve, of losing Steve.
He'd never cared about Tony's numerous exes one way or the other before they had started sleeping together, beyond a general envy that they got to have sex with Tony and he didn't. Thinking of them now made him want to back Tony against the wall and kiss him, take him to bed and erase every trace of his former lovers from his body.
"No," Tony said, breathing hard, the exertion obviously starting to tell on him. "Just forty pounds of extra mass. Physics, remember?"
He and Wanda had been waiting for Strange for fifteen minutes at this point. Tony had given up any pretense of patience three minutes ago and gotten up to pace back and forth across the lab. Hank's lab. He still thought of it that way even though Hank hadn't used it in nearly a year.
SI's legal department, Tony reflected, were a lot like the company's board of executives in that way. He wasn't, however, going to let the board spoil his good mood over today's victory. The company wasn't going to go bankrupt, and he was about to leave early for dinner with Steve.
Steve let out a breath, torn between relief that his former teammates hadn't actually had borderline consensual sex under the influence of magic and utter bafflement that they'd apparently engaged in completely consensual kissing. Or groping. Or however exactly Clint defined making out.
Hank nodded, his shoulders straightening a little, and then he shrank down slightly, losing only about a foot of height, and worked his suddenly smaller hands through the cuffs.  It took an agonizingly long minute to get the first hand free, then he was tugging at the second, and staggering away from the wall as it slipped loose.
"Maybe you can explain what on earth Tony was thinking, then." It wasn't what she had intended to say – talking to Wanda at all was something she would prefer to avoid – but irritation overrode her better instincts, as it did too often. She had spent a good portion of her flight planning out exactly what she was going to say to Tony, one version for if she was able to get him alone, and another in case Steve was present; she hadn't wanted to call him on the carpet for poor decision-making in front of their team leader, boyfriend or no. Not unless it was necessary.
, which they had also only been watching because of Cassie. Tony chose to overlook the fact that he had been teary-eyed himself; the movie had had an unexpectedly sad ending for a cartoon. He remembered thinking at the time that Scott ought to have warned them.
"I know. I've done that. It ended up with Steve dead and Tony suicidal and half of us hating the other half." Carol narrowed her eyes and pointed at Wanda. "Tell Tony I want to talk to him," she added, grimly.
Her eyes narrowed.  "And he can teleport here as easily as the mansion," she said, voice sharp in a way Tony hadn't heard since she'd come back.
Thirty blocks to the south, something extremely large and possessed of a lot of tentacles had crawled out of the Hudson River and begun attacking lower Manhattan. Steve, Thor, and Wanda had managed to hold it off while the rest of the Avengers pulled construction workers and a handful of building staff and early move-ins out of the upper stories of the condo, but even now that Sam had flown south to join them, they were still having no success at driving it back into the river. The sooner they could get this place stable and leave the rest of the clean-up to the city, the better.
Bucky shrugged one shoulder – the right one, the one that was still flesh and blood. "She wants revenge. It's not complicated; we killed Crossbones, and his death wasn't pretty, or easy." The dark circles that had still smudged his eyes the last time Steve had seen him were gone; he looked fully recovered from the snake venom now, and though there were probably still bandages hiding under his clothing, you couldn't tell it from the way he moved. Seeing him now did a little to ease the memory of him leaning on Sharon, his side covered in blood, but not enough. It had taken half an hour for Steve to get all the blood off the kitchen table, counter, and floor. They had thrown the ruined, blood-stained dishtowel away.
No, claiming to be sick wouldn't work. Everyone would assume "sick" was a euphemism for "drunk." It didn't matter that his heart surgery was public knowledge; he'd forfeited the benefit of the doubt with his recent behavior, and any failure to appear at a scheduled meeting would only strengthen the prevailing opinion in the business world that he was unreliable.
Steve lowered both of them on to the edge of the bed, and took a deep breath, trying to nerve himself up. He had never made the first move before -- the only other time he'd done something like this, Jack had been the one to start things.
All right, this was not good. Jan--and presumably Tony as well--were out there somewhere dealing with an unknown toxin and a bunch of compromised civilians that they couldn't afford to fight back against. And to make things worse, Jan had been exposed to whatever it was.
There was a moment of silence while to two of them looked at each other. Clint didn't feel any different, but then, how could he be sure? Cap didn't seem all that different, either, but a few years ago, he would never have started sleeping with Tony. Or maybe he would have. Clint preferred not to think about it that hard.
Zemo had nearly taken his head off with a ray gun then, while he stood frozen, and Steve had knocked him unconscious with his shield without regard for what damage he might have done in the process.
"Would you really deny it, if I ask you to?" The words just came out, awkward and unplanned. He'd meant to ask some variation on 'are you all right,' the image of Tony's grief-stricken face and hunched shoulders still far too clear in his mind.
"I really hate A.I.M.," Tony observed conversationally. "The bombs had vials of some kind of chemical in them. I saved a sample for Hank to analyze."
"He doesn't," Carol said. "Jessica's done some digging on him – he's pretty much A.I.M.'s puppet, more of a figurehead than an actual leader. Whatever they did to him to keep him, well, alive's as good a term as any... his sanity didn't come through the experience intact. Not that he was all that sane to begin with," she added.
He was staring intently at the mass spectrometer, trying to will it to produce results, when someone knocked on the door frame. Wanda, probably; he'd heard her heels clicking on the hallway's wooden floorboards.
"You were supposed to. Chthon was influencing over half the town, warping their memories to make them accept my presence as if I had always been there." She hesitated for a moment, then her eyes narrowed as she added, "Warping my memories so that I thought so, too." She let go of Clint's arm, frowning now, but he didn't think the expression was meant for him. "He was manipulating everyone around me, by the end, including my brother, or Pietro would never have tried to create Magneto's filthy dream world. Compelling you to leave would have been child's play compared to that. So would making you want me."
This was more than just an attempt to change Tony back failing once again. "It's not your heart, is it?"
"Where are they?"  If Doom had killed them, he'd be gloating about it.  He ought to be gloating regardless, threatening to kill them if the Avengers didn't stand aside and let him do whatever he wanted.
"The Civil War re-enactor-style one? With the red lapels?" Rhodey snickered. "He's going to jingle when he walks. I hope he's already ordered the miniature copies of all his six hundred medals, because some of those aren't going to be available at the nearest base PX. Do they even make a miniature of the Croix de Guerre?"
"Luckily for our sorcerer friend, the knife was single-edged, and only a few inches long, and he managed to miss all the vital organs." The Night Nurse's fingers were taut around the edge of the clipboard she was holding, white surgical gloves stretched tightly over her knuckles. "He ought to be waking up shortly."
He was too tired for this right now, shaky, disconnected, still feeling like he’d been put together wrong. Tony flexed his fingers, trying to collect himself. He hated being this weak in front of Steve; everything else aside, Steve didn't like being reminded that he was damaged goods.
Tony scrubbed at his nose and mouth, the motion clumsy, and then frowned at the smear of blood on the back of his hand.  "That's not good."
He had never even imagined what he had with Tony, had thought, in his very darkest moments, that their friendship had been replaced by contempt and betrayal, but now he couldn't imagine not having it. The fact that Tony could now spar with him without being half-paralyzed by his own guilt over what had happened meant, hopefully, that Tony was now able to put everything behind him as well. Which meant that they could both move on.
"It's not just a superficial alteration," Hank was saying, for the third time. "It goes all the way down to your DNA. You don't have a Y chromosome anymore."
“You scared the daylights out of Thor, you know,” he said, because the concern that had prompted him to make the trek down here hadn’t been his alone.  “He’s decided to forgive you.  Apparently suicidal bravery is honorable and valiant in his books, not pointless and stupid.”
"You have no bombs remaining, the three of us have you and your friend there," Steve nodded at the only A.I.M. flunky still on his feet, a short, stocky man who had edged backwards so that Madigan was between him and the Avengers, "outnumbered, and the Wasp is removing your equipment from the billboard right now. If you're smart, you'll surrender."
"Scarlet Witch," Steve cut in, voice controlled. It was his Captain America, I-am-in-charge-here voice, despite the fact that none of them were in costume. "It's good to see you yourself again."
He met Tony's eyes, and managed to summon up a smile. "Tell him we'll talk to Ben Urich or Robbie Robertson," he said to Peter. "Nobody else."
Her first hex sphere had hit it mid-chest, and the thing had ground to a halt in a sudden burst of sparks.  She'd rolled out of bed, coughing a little at the reek of burned wiring, and thrown herself to the floor where the next attacker to teleport in wouldn't see her as easily.
"I can imagine quite a bit of power." The mask did not permit him the luxury of a sneer, but Doom had had years to practice conveying emotion with his voice. "I do not need your aid to gain possession of the spear; once the book and the ritual it contains are mine, all will fall into my hands. Why settle for the favors of a god when I can become one?"
Carol made a little half-laughing sound, either disgusted or amused or both. Clint couldn't tell which. "Then I can promise you, you didn't take advantage of her. If she put the whammy on you, even subconsciously, then she must have wanted it."
"You shall pay for humiliating me at our last encounter, Captain!" Zemo shouted. "This time, the Masters of Evil will not be defeated!"
"You need to get in closer," Steve told him. "It will keep me from using the fact that I have a longer reach against you."
Steve bent down and kissed him, slowly and gently, without any real force. Just enough of a kiss to silence him.
He'd hoped to speak to Fury himself, but speaking to Hill probably cut five minutes worth of orders for Tony to get the hell out of Fury's computer systems out of the conversation, so he wasn't going to raise an objection. If Fury trusted Hill to run things in his absence, well... Hill had been an unqualified disaster as head of SHIELD, but Tony strongly suspected that he wasn't the only person who'd had Koening leaning on him and Dickstein's committee breathing down the back of his neck. It would explain a lot about some of her more ill-advised command decisions.
His fingers brushed the edge of Doom's dramatically flaring cape, and then Doom was across the vault's threshold, forcing Thor out of his way with another shot of that strange energy, and dissolved into a swirl of mist, leaving behind the smell of smoke and ice.
There was a moment of silence, and then Clint said, softly, "I don't really remember most of what I was doing."
Steve didn't dignify that statement with an answer. Six seconds from now, according to the countdown Tony was broadcasting over the Avengers' communicators, the electronic billboard directly overhead would stop broadcasting its current giant Target ad and begin displaying a series of propaganda ads produced by A.I.M., filled with subliminal signals designed to drive every human who saw them insane.
Strange fetched a fist-sized crystal ball down from one of the shelves and brought it over to her. "This is one of the Crystal Spheres of Contemplation," he said, holding it out to her. "If a magician meditates while holding it, his or her power and strength of will causes it to glow. The brightness of the light it emits will allow me to determine the amount of raw power you posses, and the steadiness of the light will reveal the strength of your mental discipline."
And the final phase of testing on the geothermal energy project had just been completed yesterday, and...
How many of those energy blasts could he fire before his power source was exhausted?  Tony would have had some idea.
Tony closed his eyes, drawing in a long breath as Steve's tongue flicked over his skin. "There's a bed upstairs. Not as study as the one at the tower, but..."
"As long as he's pregnant, Tony can't safely be returned to his true form," Wanda said, finally. "He's stuck as a woman right now. And the longer he stays this way, the harder it will be to change him back."
And Chthon would destroy all of them, and she would be powerless to stop him, because remaking the world to set everything right again would consume all the power she held.
Did Tony include Steve in that category? Considering that he'd never made a move on him in all their years of friendship, probably.
Carol had never been able to stay on a team long enough to earn that – first there was Marcus, then she'd lost her Binary powers and had to leave the Starjammers, and then she'd fucked up her shot at the Avengers again with the drinking, and then she left the Avengers to work for the government once she'd earned her slot back. And she'd enjoyed the work, before the SHRA started, but... On the other hand, if she'd been given that kind of easy forgiveness, she might still be drinking. Or maybe they'd all have put up more of a fight to stop her from going off with Marcus.
"I know. I want to do this without masks. I'm not marrying Iron Man; I'm marrying you. And anyway, the newspapers would go nuts over that."
"Except, I can't really remember sleeping with her, or deciding to sleep with her. It just kind of... happened." Another pause, then, "Carol thinks maybe I was mind-controlled. That means I wasn't really taking advantage of her, right?"
Strange adjusted the sleeves of his robe, then raised his hands to chest height, gradually ceasing to become aware of the smell of candle smoke and ghost of old incense, of the sound of Daredevil's breathing and the tiny creaks of his leather costume as he shifted, of the weight of the Eye on his chest and the flutter of the Cape of Levitation against his legs, until all that remained was the reality his supernatural senses showed him.
He hadn't slept in nearly two days, and one of Kang's guards had thrown him through a wall this afternoon. The hospital staff had tentatively suggested keeping him overnight along with Simon, but Tony had been adamant that he was fine, and Steve had let it go. Maybe he shouldn't have. "Oh," Steve managed, feeling suddenly guilty for imagining pornographic things about his possibly concussed teammate, and only partially aware of what he was saying. "Well, I guess if we're going by that definition, it counts."
He wasn't sure which way Wong would move — he'd rarely seen the man in a fight, though Iron Fist and Spiderman had both assured him that he was good.
He led the way out the front door, Clint and Sam at his heels, Jan a black and gold blur zipping over their heads.
They made it all the way across the hall and into the Greek and Roman gallery without seeing anyone conscious. Carol hesitated at the entrance, her eyes flicking over the dozens of statues that lined the massive hall. Any one of them provided enough cover for a man or woman to hide behind, and the stone columns that supported the roof only made the potential for an ambush worse.
Carol ran one hand through her hair, and tugged her sagging left glove back up her arm. "Reporters aren't really that hard to talk to, you know. It's all in how you spin it. You just have to be careful what you let them see." She strode towards the camera confidently, the two-inch heels of her boots striking hard against the pavement. Tony had seen runway models display less poise.
Steve shook his head, and tugged his wrist away.  "I'm fine.  You should get some rest."  He started to turn away, then, abruptly, swung back and bent down to kiss Tony.
Tony breathed again, starting to turn back to Doom, and a wave of energy hit him from behind, enough force behind it to throw him to the ground.
Steve folded his arms across his chest, his jaw tilting at a familiar angle. "If Strange is right, that wasn't actually her. And I don't see any reason why we should doubt him."
Jan's voice was clearly audible through the sheared-off break in the wall, the tinny comlink echo creating a weird Doppler effect. The ground shook slightly as she moved away, her footsteps loud and solid enough for Carol to feel them in her bones.
"Instead of standing out here worrying," Jan said, taking hold of his arm. "You can come watch fashion week with me. They should be broadcasting the taped recordings of last night's runway shows right about now, and I missed at least half of them because I was too busy backstage to go out and watch."
Maya shook her head. "No. A virus would be easier to counteract. The Extremis itself is corrupted." She hesitated, long enough for Tony to think of at least seven ways the Extremis could kill him slowly and horribly — or worse than kill him — then said, awkwardly, "Maybe you should sit down for this. You don't look good."
Steve had spent the past twenty-four hours doing his level best to stay out of Tony's way. It wasn't exactly that he was avoiding him, it was just that... okay, he was avoiding him. Tony hadn't exactly made it difficult; he had spent most of the previous day hiding in either his room or the lab, presumably either running more tests on himself, or trying to run Stark Industries long-distance via the internet. The handful of times Steve had passed him in the hallway, he'd been wearing the armor, they way he had before the rest of them had learned his identity.
Barnes made a face.  "By all means, let's not be politically incorrect."  From his tone of voice, he didn't mean it in the usual American 'freedom to be rude' sense, but in the Soviet 'agree with the government or else' sense.
"It was really Don Blake, and he looked fine to me." Clint thought for a moment. "I think he's gotten bitchier, though. I guess being dead changes you."
Steve would have said something to that – agreed, probably, or pointed out that Hank's problem had the potential to become everyone's problem if it led to a communications breakdown in the middle of fight – but then Tony said something quietly to Wanda and stood, moving quickly and smoothly toward the door as if he hoped to quietly slip out of the kitchen without Steve noticing.
Doom watched her go with gritted teeth and reminded himself again of all the reasons why he couldn't kill her yet.
"Hank!" Clint yelped from somewhere behind them, his voice actually cracking, "I thought you liked women!"
He still hadn't completely gotten used to his own absent scars, either, but that was different; he'd had them his entire adult life, though few people had ever seen them. He'd probably been lucky that the shrapnel had hit him in the chest, and not someplace more visible. Like his face.
Two photographs stared up at him from the glossy pages. The first, on the left page, was of Tony, his face buried in his hands and his body turned sideways to the camera, into Jan's shoulder. There was naked grief in every line of his body — the hunch of his shoulders, the glimpse of his twisted, tear-stained face just visible through his fingers. Jan was crying as well, her eye make-up smeared, and part of Hank's shoulder and arm were just visible at the edge of the frame, his hand on her arm.
“She’s dead?”  That was… she wasn’t sure how she felt about that.  Just moments ago she had been sincerely wishing the other woman dead, but-  they were supposed to stop criminals and monsters, not kill them.  Not unless there was no other option.
Ben was regarding them seriously now, his eyes moving between them as if watching for some visible sign of their relationship. He looked much the same as he had the last time Tony had seen him, at the press conference after the SHRA's repeal; graying hair, glasses that he presumably wore by choice, since he could easily have replaced them with contacts, with the kind of good-quality wool trench-coat that lasted for years draped over one arm.
"You should leave him alone. He'll come out when he's ready." Wanda swept her cards into a pile with one hand and started shuffling them again, then cut the deck and laid three cards face up.
It had had to be done, of course, but Doom was certain that, had he been wielding the spear, he could have dealt with Chthon and still had at least a portion of the spear's magic left over.  Perhaps not enough to elevate himself to the level of a god, but certainly enough to make good use of.  If that woman hadn't taken it, if Blake hadn't somehow escaped his grasp, victory would have been his.
"Does anyone here have a smartphone?" Tony asked, as Clint caught up with Steve, breathing hard through his nose but not winded. "You." Tony indicated the youngest of the police officers, a woman whose tightly curled natural hair was pulled back from her face by a glittery pink headband. "You have one of my phones. Give it to me." There was a moment's hesitation, as she eyed him skeptically, then he added, "Please. I can hook it into the building's security cameras."
"You couldn't have known that the spell would affect Iron Man instead of Thor when you planned this," Loki went on, his voice an ugly snarl. "It was supposed to be Thor! Not some worthless mortal. Thor! You were going to
Don was halfway through the door before he realized that Hank already had company; Jan, shrunken down to Barbie-doll size in order to fit easily on the edge of the hospital bed, was sitting by Hank’s head, petting his hair with one hand.
Thank god. The implications of his theory were frightening, enough that Jan preferred not to think about them. The squid's partially decomposed tissue samples were almost a relief in comparison.
"We're not accepting your help," Steve said, his voice as calm and controlled as if he hadn't just witnessed Don screaming accusations at Loki. "So you can turn around and leave, Mister. I mean, Ma'am."
They had lost contact with Peter and Luke first, their communicators going offline abruptly and setting off a wail of alarms in the tower's communications room.  The city-wide failures had come later, while they were scrambling into the quinjet.
"Yeah, okay," Sam said quietly.  "Is there anything I can do?"  He said it casually, as if Steve's nightmares were only mildly interesting to him, and Steve was grateful for that, even though he knew the casual unconcern was put on for his benefit.
"I didn't like fighting him, either," Steve protested. It had been the worst few months of his entire life, made even worse because he'd known that, even if the rest of the world could be saved, his friendship with Tony was lost forever.
"Keeping it next to my bed is not sleeping with it." He reached out and grabbed Tony by the wrist, pulling him toward the door that led back out into his office. "Come on," he said. "And don't you dare offer to let me back out of this one more time. We are getting married in three weeks come hell or high water. If Chthon couldn't stop us, then backwards and intolerant state laws sure as hell won't. We can go to Massachusetts."
Because, Steve realized as he lifted the picture frame out to reveal the smaller items under it, he hadn't disposed of them. They were all here. Every piece of Steve's art that had once hung in the Avengers tower or Tony's office, from pencil and ink sketches to charcoals to watercolors. At the bottom of the box, two half-filled sketch pads sat on top of a stack of loose bits of paper — sketchbooks he'd left behind when he'd left the team, the cartoon of the Avengers as characters from the Wizard of Oz that Jarvis had once had tacked to the front of the refrigerator, even doodles that Steve had tucked inside the pages of books he'd borrowed from or lent to Tony and forgotten about.
"Bite your tongue, soldier boy. The last thing we need is for him to show up. He'd probably break Chthon out of his prison himself, and then we'd have to fight both of them."
She had agreed. Let the filthy Latverian gypsy think he had the upper hand; she didn't need new agents within SHIELD, because destroying Fury would cut off the snake's head and draw the organization's fangs.
Dr. Thomas smoothed his hair down with one hand and fixed Hank with a steady, assessing stare. "I would appreciate that. I understand you're a chemist, Dr. Pym?"
"Since when do you live in Brooklyn?" Tony asked. His voice sounded… odd. As if he were slightly uncomfortable.
Steve seized on it as the olive branch it was. "You mean, hoping I'll get to fire a gun the size of Spiderman? Actually, no. I just wanted to watch you get covered in sweat and engine grease." On the other hand... "But now that you mention it..."
"It's a little more complicated than that." Nick slid three pieces of paper across the conference table, one to each of them. "This is a transcript of her conversation with one of the men she very pointedly didn't kill last night. The part that starts with 'We are coming for ya, Fury,' is particularly interesting."
Steve knelt beside him, ignoring the twinge from his bruised ribs, and laid one hand on Tony's shoulder.  The gold under-armor was warm under his fingers, feeling disturbingly organic.  It always did.  "Tony?"
"What solitude?" Don muttered. "There are three hundred Asgardians there now, and they're all huge. And loud." He knew what Thor meant, though, much though he didn't like admitting it. Neither of them were lonely for company; it was a different kind of loneliness. He missed having people to talk to who understood, whom he didn't have to pretend around.
Tony didn't have time to dodge; he brought up one arm just in time to partially block the Doombot's blast, letting the armor's shielding absorb the force of it yet again.  It dropped his shielding capacity to 52%, but it was worth it to imagine the expression Doom was probably wearing under that mask when Tony dropped his arm and took another step forward, apparently untouched.
Sam extended one arm, letting Redwing walk down his shoulder to his wrist, and then flung him up into the air. Then he nodded to Steve and pushed open the door, hoping like hell that the building manager wasn't going to be hiding under his desk or screaming incoherently. The last thing they needed right now was to be stabbed with a Mont Blanc pen.
He'd told himself before that the Extremis was a fair trade for having Steve back, when he'd thought the Mandarin's rings had burned it out of him, Tony thought, as he slotted the pieces of his armor carefully into place inside its briefcase. It still was. And he'd still be able to control the armor with it; that used it at a low enough level that the damage would be slight enough to heal as it occurred instead of snowballing into a feedback loop and triggering a migraine.
Surgery took time.  And Tony had been through worse, much worse.  This was nothing compared to being shot in the spine, or his first heart surgery.
First there had been all the tests Hank, Don, and Strange had wanted to do, and then he had needed to speak to the board, and then the press, and then he'd had to look over the legal paperwork for one of the patent cases he was still fighting against SHIELD, and the lawsuit against the investor who had pulled his financial support from a project when Tony had been turned into a woman, which was thankfully being settled out of court. He could just imagine the judge's face otherwise, when Tony walked in, very obviously male, and gave his deposition.
Pepper raised an eyebrow. "So we're going to be professional now? I suppose I should give you the message Captain America left for you later, then."
It could have been a coincidence. Steve wanted to believe it was. But Chthon was a chaos entity, a being who could reshape and manipulate probability as easily as he could human minds; there were no coincidences when you dealt with him.
For someone whose entire body had been seamlessly healed of over a decade's worth of cumulative damage, this sparring match had taken a ridiculous amount out of him. He'd thought he was back in shape these days. A.I.M.'s toxin hadn't sidelined him for
You weren't in control of your actions, and I slept with you anyway, and Carol thought you'd used some kind of mind-control or manipulation on me and must have wanted it, but if you were possessed..." Then it hadn't been Wanda who'd wanted the sex. It had been Chthon. And even if Clint had been... influenced... somehow, he'd still had more free will than she had. Like sleeping with a falling-down drunk person when you'd only had a couple of beers. "I'm sorry. Oh God, I'm sorry. I don't know why I did it."
The Doombots locked Don into a set of empty restraints next to Hank's, then stepped back.  The energy grid flickered into place again, and Jan let go of the hope that Don's presence was intentional.  He was slumped against the wall, most of his weight hanging from his arms, and seemed too dazed to have even noticed his surroundings — the Doombots' rough handling had barely elicited a reaction.  The dark stains on his clothes were blood, clearly visible now that she could see him in the light.  His [left? Right?] leg was injured, and badly, if the amount of fresh blood soaking his pants leg was any indication.
The first couple of days, he had just wanted to take medically unsound doses of ibuprofen and sleep, and had mostly just been relieved that Chthon was gone and they were all alive.  Now he was bored out of his skull.
Peter glanced back over his shoulder to see Cap and  Tony coming back to the table.  Cap had one hand on the small of Tony's  back, and was wearing a big, goofy grin.  Tony was looking over at him  with the same sort of through-the-eyelashes look that Felicia Hardy  always gave Spiderman, except he managed to do it without the creepy  semi-stalker vibes.
Steve's hand went automatically to his ear, where his communicator should have been.  He'd left it in the room, tucked safely into a drawer.  Even the seconds he'd taken to put on his costume had been time they might not have had to spare, with the mansion under attack, and he'd taken off after Tony without even thinking of it, let alone stopping to dig it out.
Barnes straightened in Steve's grasp, pushing away from the sink with his hands. "Doesn't hurt that much. M'side hurts, an' it's getting hard to breathe." He offered Sharon a slightly shaky smile. "You could suck the poison out."
Hank swore, slamming a fist into the ground in frustration.  "This is going to take forever.  If I were outside the grid, all I'd have to do is destroy the power core on the force-field generator.  It's linked to your cage; the two energy fields are the exact same frequency."
Even when he was only practicing, Steve moved with a speed and lethal grace that Tony would always only be able to envy; if his attention weren't primarily occupied with trying to guess Steve's next movement, he would have been tempted to just watch and admire.
Sam ignored her.  He punched the man currently trying to shoot him in the face, then threw him as hard as he could toward one of his companions.  They both went crashing into a fallen Doombot and went down like dominos.  That left nine — no, eight.  Hank had just head-butted one of them with that fancy silver helmet of his, hard enough to knock him out cold.
"The shockwaves of your struggle against Chthon yesterday afternoon reverberated through this entire plane of reality," Strange was saying. "I could feel the universe attempting to restore itself to its proper shape, to correct the damage done, like air rushing in to fill a vacuum. I suspect that if one of us were to turn on a television, the news would be filled with accounts of mutants whose powers have been miraculously and abruptly restored."
"Okay," Clint gasped.  "I'm-okay."  He didn't sound okay, or look it, but if he could speak, he was breathing again.  "She's fav-favoring her left side.  I tried to flank her.  Don't let her kick you."
"Oh. Sorry." Clint let go of Don and hopped awkwardly back up onto the table. "I'm not going to have to take my pants off for this, am I?"
Steve threw himself forward, reaching for Sin, very aware of the gun she still held, and the fact that she almost certainly had another of those repurposed SS daggers on her somewhere as well.
Tony blinked, immediately shutting off the Extremis, and looked up to find Clint standing in the doorway. He almost asked him not to tell Steve, but remembered just in time that that would be the best way to ensure that he would.
Steve hadn't particularly cared. The thing that they had fought hadn't been the real Agatha Harkness - from the sound of things, the real Agatha had been dead for a long time - and it's potential demise had been meaningless next to the fact that Tony wasn't moving, hadn't moved since Loki had waved a hand at him and announced that he was depriving Agatha of her sacrifice.
Deodato had a lot to say, and very little of it was anything Tony wanted to hear. There was nothing that could be done for the headaches, because the root cause, the damage to the Extremis, wasn't treatable. The best they could do was give him a palliative prescription for migraine medication, except that, given the still-healing damage to his heart, most of the drugs commonly prescribed for treating migraines were contraindicated. Except for opiates or sedatives, of course — those were off-limits because he couldn't handle taking them. Deodato wrote him a prescription anyway, 'just in case.'
Tony let her talk, concentrating most of his attention on breathing slowly and not looking like he was in pain. This was more than just a pulled muscle. Something was wrong.
There would be no going back from this, he knew. It was going to be permanent. Their lives would never be the same.
Steve shook his head, laughing a little. It sounded slightly hysterical even to him. "If you apologize again for something that isn't your fault, I'm going to have to hit you, and then Sam really will think our relationship is abusive."
If the press had managed to catch up with him, they would have only pressured Iron Man for more news about his boss's transformation. It was the only news story involving the Avengers that the Bugle and the Times had been printing for the past ten days.
"You know you'll enjoy it," Steve said. He was smiling, beneath his mask, and sounded both fond and faintly amused. He and Tony had clearly resolved their differences, or at least put them aside long enough to be friends again.
just spent twenty-four hours in the hospital, and, moreover, that it had been on the news, but he'd taken her point. With businessmen, as with supervillains, it was never a good idea to show weakness.
"Is Sam-" Jan started, then broke off.  "The last time I saw him," she went on after a moment, "Sin was getting ready to cut his throat."
"Our engagement is over when I say it is," he shouted.  "No one treats Victor von Doom this way!  Do you think you'll get back into Valhalla on your own?  We would have won if you hadn't let that bird take the spear from you!  Instead you just stood there and let Sin ruin everything."
Don wasn't listening; he could see one of the security monitors over Tony's shoulder, displaying a slightly grainy view of the buildings front lobby.
Fury had been interfering in the business of his betters long before the creation of SHIELD. He would be the first to die after Carter and Barnes, she decided. Daddy wanted her to save Rogers for last. Sin had no objections to that.
frown. "The project is still in development, though. It could be a year before we see any salable results."
“The burns on my hands weren’t serious,” she said from behind him.  She wasn’t barefoot, but whatever shoes she was wearing were soft-soled, much quieter than her costume’s boots.  Steve didn’t bother to turn and look as she came up behind him; had Tony’s eyelashes just moved?  No, his vision had blurred for a moment.
Most of the time, the city's police and emergency departments coped surprisingly well with supervillains, but there were times, like now, when the wheels of city bureaucracy turned much too slowly.
He'd wait until Tony finally dragged himself out of his lab and came back up here. Then he would apologize.
"About time." Carol let go and floated back from the beam, rolling her shoulders to try and work the strain out of them. She resisted the temptation to rub at her eyes — her hands were too covered in debris for that to do anything but make things worse.
One woman had been screaming in a loud, drawn-out wail for at least three minutes. She had backed into a corner, hands over her eyes, a salad fork still clutched in one white knuckled fist.
"The timing worked out very nicely for you, didn't it?" Byrne said. "Captain America coming back just when you needed him. Talk about fortunate coincidences, huh?"
The last of the victims infected with the symbiote virus had just been sprayed with Hank's antidote and subdued when a fresh group of people climbed the steps out of the 59th Street subway station, several of them with shopping bags from earlier in the morning already in their hands.
“I didn’t use the Extremis,” Tony said, as if this somehow made the entire thing all better.  “And you’re okay.  So everything’s good.”
This wasn't really about the fact that their relationship was about to be outed, then. Steve wasn't surprised; Tony had never seemed to care that deeply what people thought of his sex life, or who knew about it. His confession that it had made him uncomfortable when the media had speculated about his relationship with Rumiko was something Steve had never suspected.
The two of them were being held in the corner of a huge, high-ceilinged room, lit only by the steady glow of her 'cage' and by a grid of finely spaced green energy beams that ran from floor to ceiling and walled their corner off from the rest of the room.  Jan kicked at the round metal plate that formed the floor of her tiny cell, then flew up a couple of inches to try hammering on the identical plate that formed the ceiling.  It did nothing, of course, but it made her feel better.
"I'm sure Steve can survive a few days on his own." Tony shrugged, clearly dismissing her comments as an exaggeration. "I think he's happy with the way the team is shaping up." He grinned suddenly, the exhaustion fading from his face. "Before I left, I heard him singing in the training room."
"Not as different as I thought." She shook her head, a lock of hair falling into her face. "Sometimes it feels like the past few years never even happened. I missed New York," she added. "LA's not the same. It never gets cold there, and all the buildings are too new."
"One chromosome different, according to Hank Pym, which is enough to convince the Avengers that I'm Tony Stark, but isn't going to fly with the business world. They won't see anything beyond the fact that it's not an exact match." He held up one hand and wriggled his fingers. "My fingerprints are the same, though. And I still have all the same scars and other identifying marks."
Tony waved a hand dismissively.  “They do that anyway.  They got a picture of me and Rumiko kissing behind one of the giant cycads once.”  He smiled a little, his eyes going to a brightly flowered tropical plant.  “Ru liked flowers; she used to love this thing.  She’d have liked it even more this year, with all the snow outside.”
"And the fact that working on it makes it easier for you to hide from Thor has nothing to do with it?"
They had taken Doom’s armor, but had at least left him his mask.  Staring at his unmasked reflection in the sheet of polished metal that had been bolted to the wall over the cell’s primitive sink – presumably ionized force-fields that prevented the water from reaching a level sufficient to drown oneself in were what passed for high-tech amongst SHIELD operatives – would have been the final unbearable humiliation.
"The Dee manuscript is going to be stored in an airtight, temperature and humidity controlled glass case." Hank's smile was considerably more fixed than Jan's. "It will be kept at 50°F and 49% relative humidity, inside a secure vault. In the dark. You can examine it if you want to."
Steve rubbed at the back of his neck, the motion awkward and jerky. "I'm glad to be back," he said. "But we have some questions we need to ask you and Dr. Strange."
Either way, they ought to warn Peter and the others guarding the cathedral that it was a possibility.
Dead like Steve had been. Dead like Bill Foster. The words hung in the air, no one needing to say them. Hank, she knew, could hear them anyway; he dropped his gaze to the tabletop, and fell silent.
"N-no," Hank agreed, staring at her as if she were something miraculous. It would have been more troubling if she hadn't known that he looked at social insects and laboratory test results in the same way. "All kinds of things happen in labs."
Bored, and stuck in Avengers tower with nothing to do while Cap, Sam, Thor, and Carol got to handle all the meetings with SHIELD, the clean-up work with the city, getting the mansion cleaned up and repaired, and anything else remotely productive.
"Pym, I cannot believe you left me alone with the teenagers to play secretary." James Rhodes' voice was sharp and clear, but with the faint electronic hum in the background that meant he was using the War Machine armor's headset and mike rather than a telephone.
Steve's lips might have twitched slightly. "You always have good reasons. Or at least think you do."
"Hmm?" Tony blinked at him, looking dazed, his eyes half-lidded. "Yes you should. For an eighty-year-old man, you kiss really well."
Clint was contemplating how bored he’d be if he just turned the cooking show he’d ended up staring at after the kids cartoon had ended off vs. how much he didn’t care about cooking and the fact that it was making him feel both hungry and nauseous, vs. Rachel Ray’s boobs when Wanda came in.
“The cathedral?” Jan blinked at her, knowing she looked and sounded stupid.  “What hap-  oh, the spear.  She wouldn’t have just strolled in and walked out with it.”
"You and Hawkeye fought most admirably," Thor added. "I would not have been able to recover all the vials if you had not bought us the extra time in which to do so."
She heard the scrape of a boot heel on pavement behind her, and turned to find Clint at her elbow. "They said he would have died anyway," he said quietly. "There wasn't anything you and Sam could have done."
"Wanda!" She felt her face heat, and hated it. Damn it, Wanda was staying here, too. How could she have forgotten?
Finally, he found that kids cartoon about the children with magic kung fu that was more addictive than he was ever going to publically admit, and settled down to kill half an hour.
The entire team was gathered on the Mansion's back lawn to watch the quinjet arrive, just as they had not quite three months ago, when Tony had first returned from California. Jan, Steve suspected, was there to prove to herself, and possibly to everyone else, that she wasn't bothered by Hank's presence. Don Blake, doctor's bag in hand, was ready to whisk Tony off to the Mansion's infirmary as soon as he stepped off the aircraft. Sam was there because Steve had asked him to be, because he needed someone to keep him from pacing back and forth with nervous tension and snapping at everyone. Wanda hadn't given a reason for coming, but from the way she was fiddling nervously, rolling a tiny ball of chaos energy around her fingers, Steve assumed she was there out of concern for Tony.
Tony didn't respond, as he hadn't responded to anything Steve had said over the past half hour. Steve had been talking since Peter left, telling Tony what had happened while he had been in DC. He wasn't sure if it was doing any good, but he could tell from the rhythm of the heart monitor that Tony could hear him -- it changed when Steve fell silent. At least it was a reaction.
"Ow, what the hell?" Clint yelped, clapping one hand over his nose. The robot staggered backwards into Hank's next punch, an arrow jutting out from the vulnerable point where its legs joined its body. Hank ripped the arrow loose and jammed it into the robot's glowing white eye, and the holodummy vanished, Clint's arrow clattering to the floor.
Steve had been thinking less of room to land, and more of the risk that Doom might decide to start using news copters for target practice.  Supervillains had done it before, but the pilots the local news stations hired were apparently fearless.
"I don't even know what's in half of these." Steve gestured at the cardboard boxes that were stacked neatly along the walls of their newly completed bedroom, each one labeled in Jarvis's precise script. They had spent the past month stacked in his and Tony's bedroom in Stark Tower, and the months before that in a closet somewhere; Steve had gotten used to living out of a suitcase and one borrowed drawer in Tony's dresser.
'Disaster' actually summed it up pretty well, but you didn't use words like that when talking to banks or stockholders or potential buyers. Tony had been counting on the terrain exploring robots for the Tieri Mining contract forming one of the cornerstones of his attempt to rebuild SI's capital and prestige. SI's designs - his designs - had a much lower rate of failure
"No, I'm listening," Tony said absently. He rubbed at his forehead with one hand, reaching for a tablet with the other. "You should sue them."
For a SHIELD installation, the building was poorly guarded. Perhaps the research here was considered unimportant, or perhaps they arrogantly assumed that their pretense at being a subsidiary of General Electric would protect them from the likes of her.
The Night Nurse snorted. "A half hour with an oxygen mask and Cage was fine. Fortunately. I don't know what I'd do if it were ever necessary to operate on him." Then, to Wong, "I stitched and bandaged Stephen's side and treated the burns on his fingers. He can complain about my handiwork when he wakes up."
He owed it to her to give her the chance, though. He cleared his throat and started again, trying to not stare at her or loom or sound suspicious or threatening. "Wanda, can I, um, can I talk to you? Alone? It's fine if you don't want to," he added quickly.
It hadn't even occurred to Steve that he would still be doing it. Not intentionally, anyway. He'd sworn he was getting better. He
Jan landed behind the Doombot, grew until her head nearly brushed the ceiling, and gave it a hard shove.  It went flying, smashing mask-first into the floor with a ringing
She had had some vague thought of comforting him, and then... things were hazy after that, but she remembered feeling satisfied afterwards that she had, indeed, managed to distract Clint, to make him smile.
The Gardens’ conservatory was a huge, glass and metal work of Victorian art, built back when public architecture had still been designed to be attractive.  It was warm and humid inside, full of everything from tangles of exotic tropical plants to neatly laid out water gardens.  On the other side of the glass walls, early snow was drifting down and just starting to stick.
"That," Wanda snapped. "That's why we considered an alliance with Loki. Because sometimes things you know could destroy you are worth it. Sometimes you need to do what's necessary even if it might hurt you."
Steve  watched them head towards the club's tiny dance floor.  Even on the  extremely slim chance that he could get Tony to agree to dance with him,  he thought wistfully, it would attract too much of the wrong kind of  attention.  This was supposed to be MJ's big night, not the night the  New Avengers ended up in every tabloid magazine in New York.
Tony input the code to unseal the door and immediately found himself face to face with Steve. At least he was face to face with him, and not nose-to-chest anymore. This was going to be hard enough without Steve having that psychological advantage.
"It's," going to be okay, he wanted to say, because it wouldn't be fair if Jan and Tony didn't get better when Clint finally had some of his family back, but Clint had known since he was twelve that life was never fair, "bad. Sam left Redwing outside the window to spy on Cap because he's worried something might happen while he's in there alone." There were occasionally perks to having a feathered sidekick to spy for you -- Sam didn't have to sit around metaphorically biting his nails and wondering what was happening.
Tony took a reluctant step away from Steve and flicked on the overhead lights. "Do we have a first aid kit in here yet?"
"No reason," Clint said hurriedly. Don was probably right, he realized. If Tony wanted half the team to know he had some kind of medical condition again, he'd have told them himself, and he probably wouldn't appreciate Clint going around behind his back and telling everybody, any more than he and Wanda wanted everyone to know what had happened between them in Transia.
If he let himself start, it was far too difficult to stop, even after months of Steve's solid presence at his side.
"I'm entertained," Steve told him. The sunlight from the gym's floor-to-ceiling windows streamed across his face, turning his eyelashes into nearly-invisible glints of gold. The bead of sweat sliding along his throat and down toward his collarbone taunted Tony – close enough to touch, but with both wrists pinned to the floor and Steve's considerable weight on his chest, he was unable to reach up and wipe it away.
Pulling his hand back and shifting his weight off of Tony's chest wasn't something Steve consciously planned on doing; it just sort of happened. Then Tony was lunging up at him, and Steve had a split second to wonder what on earth kind of wrestling move this was before Tony was kissing him, fingers digging into his shoulders.
"Kind of," Clint started. "I don't know." He shrugged, looking oddly hesitant. "Maybe." He had one shoulder resting against the doorframe, superficially casual, but Tony could see him shifting his weight on the balls of his feet, as if prepared to defend himself or run.
The door had a coded lock, but burst of machine gun fire made short work of it. Sin kept firing from the hip as she entered the room, aiming in only the most general sense. The gunfire drowning out the sound of the scientists screaming, bullets smashing through delicate equipment and making the body of the man who'd been standing closest to the door jerk and twitch fascinatingly.
"Neither does she, other than that he used her to manipulate Clint." 'Manipulate,' another vague word. Carol rubbed at her arms for a moment, the gesture understated enough that it was probably unconscious. She had taken her gloves off, though her mask was still on, and Jan could see her bitten-off nails, one of them torn halfway across the nail bed where she had broken it moving pieces of rubble. If she offered to loan her a pair of nail scissors, or the name of a good manicurist, Carol would probably look at her blankly and turn her down.
Sam was frowning now, his initial shock gone. "What happens if he changes back by himself? If the spell wears off before the kid is born?"
"No," Wanda said, with a slight shake of her head. "From what I understand from the X-Men, it's just considered more fun this way."
Tony shook his head fractionally. "It was all justified, except for the shit about Sam and Wanda. And Clint." His eyes were red-rimmed, and Steve would have bet that Tony hadn't slept any better than Steve had last night, if he'd even gone to bed. "I thought I could make this team work, that we could make it work. It
"That's not the point!" Steve snapped. "You-" he broke off, maybe at the look on Tony's face; he had flinched this time.
"You can't go back out there." Byrne grabbed Jan's wrist, interfering in her attempts to get the little girl to let go. "It's not safe out there!"
Steve lurched back, pressing the back of his hand to his mouth, tasting blood. "Sonuvabitch," he spat, "I knew you were holding out on me. Why don't you hit like that when we're sparring?"
Don was about to refuse and stay put when he saw the briefcase clutched in Tony's left hand. He and the Falcon both backed off as far as the confines of the elevator car would let them, while Tony's armor flew around him in a dangerous-looking whirlwind of red and gold metal. When the elevator doors opened on the lobby, moments later, Tony was completely armored up, and Don was the only one left who wasn't in costume.
lost power is spent and beyond regaining, and my brother smirks and celebrates his victory.  Had you chosen your allies more wisely, we would e'en now be enthroned in Asgard."  She curled her hand into a fist, scarred lips tightening.  “My brother will regret siding against me, and that mortal chaos mage will regret stealing my spear.  That’s for later, though.”  The smile she flashed him was cruel enough that Doom knew it was, for once, a real one. “In truth, I just came to bid you farewell.”
Tony lowered his head into his hands again, digging his fingers into his hair. "I bet the board's going to be surprised, though. Half of them have been looking for an excuse to get rid of me again, not that I blame them."
"That's a very astute point, Ms. Maximoff," Strange allowed. "As long as we're working together to attempt to restore your teammate to his usual self, I suppose I could instruct you in the ways of magic. You're nowhere near as far advanced as Clea, but you have managed to make a considerable amount of progress on your own, already."
"I don't care who it is," Tony was saying, dashing past him and through the already-opening elevator doors – the whole building did things like that for him, thanks to his new cyborg upgrades. "I want her out of my lobby."
There was a moment of awkward silence, and Steve was contemplating shoving the cat off his chest and getting up rather than risking another nightmare when Sam spoke again.
"I thought I was dying, you know, right before I called Hank. I-" He glanced at Steve, then away. "I wanted to call you, but you were still in New York and I knew I needed help right away, but I still wanted... I had this crazy idea that you being there would somehow make things all right."
"He's only being a jackass because he's in pain," Clint advised Hank sagely, as he headed for the door. "Just ignore him."
In their last few sparring matches, Tony had been hesitating, not taking the openings Steve had deliberately left him, not hitting with his full weight into the punches he threw. They'd only had the chance to work out together a few times since Tony's ribs and shoulder had healed, but Tony had hesitated every time, so Steve could tell it was a pattern. He wasn't sure Tony had even been aware of it, but Steve knew Tony's fighting abilities as well as he knew his own -- which wasn't surprising considering that he'd taught him -- and he could tell.
Good intentions and a common enemy had gone a little way toward repairing the shattered remnants of their team before, but that had been as much luck as anything else, Steve granting forgiveness to Tony almost completely unearned, and the rest of the superhero community grudgingly following his lead. Even now, the breach still hadn't completely healed, something Thor's pointed absence from today's visit made all too obvious. Tony had come, so of course, Thor hadn't.
"I don't think you would on purpose," she said, holding up a hand, "but, I mean, you come back from the dead, and suddenly you're bisexual? I know Tony can't have been in good shape when you came back; he was in bad shape even before. I saw what it did to him to fight you. You're probably pretty mixed up right now, and I'm sure he threw himself at you, and... Look, the last thing Tony needs at this point is for another relationship to crash and burn."
Time lurched, like a DVD freezing and then skipping forwards. He was lying on the ground, the world at a 90-degree angle. Steve was charging at the woman, shield raised. Beyond him, Carol was struggling with the larger of the two men, arm locked around his neck in a hold that would have immobilized any normal human; the newly created symbiote howled and lashed out at her with sticky black pseudopods, pulling at the breathing mask on her face. Clint was pinned to the ground by a mass of writhing black, an impossibly wide, toothy jaw snapping at his throat.
He had said the same thing in the Meridian. "It's okay," Steve said, his throat tight. "It was a dream, remember?"
Sam shook his head, fingers never stopping their slow, soothing strokes through Redwing's feathers.  The falcon hated riding in the quinjet, even with a hood shielding his eyes.  It looked strange to see him wearing one, as if he were an ordinary bird — until you noticed the lack of jesses around his ankles.  "I haven't seen him since we got back from the Helicarrier."
"You asked," Tony pointed out. He felt exposed and cold in his unbuttoned shirt, now that there were two people here to stare at him - not that Hank was looking, anymore - and began buttoning it up again. He didn't need to stand around looking like he'd just finished a night of debauchery and then decided to put on his male lover's clothing.
The one thing that could make this worse for Tony when he woke up -- and he going to wake up, he was -- would be having pictures of it plastered all over the front page of the
Tony offered Ben an apologetic smile, trying to ignore the trails of yellow and grey sparks that obscured half the man's face. "I'm sorry; we're going to have to cut this short. Duty calls."
"Should I even bother to mention that that data should have been turned over to SHIELD?" Hill asked. It had the sound of a rhetorical question, so Tony didn't answer it.
Tony looked up, his hands stilling. "You've been through enough because of me. You hate media attention, and coming out is going to get you tons of it, a lot of it nasty."
"He looked at me," Peter said. "He told me to leave before I died. Then he went back to staring at Cap in a really creepy way." It was disturbing to think of Tony so out of it; in Peter's experience, Tony Stark had always been in control of every situation, or, if not actually in control, trying to be. The only person more together and self-confident was Cap, who was also a wreck right now, and the whole thing was just wrong.
"What did you do to him?"  Clint demanded it before Steve could, taking a half step forward and raising the tip of his arrow slightly.
"I have a better question," Jarvis's voice was not loud, but it cut through the babbling in the room with ease, everyone automatically falling silent to let him talk. "If she means to perform a demonic ritual, why is she coming here to do it?"
There was a long moment of stilted silence before Tony couldn't take it anymore. "And?" he asked. "Is it going to get worse? Get better? Kill me?"
"You have to help me." Byrne's hands locked around her arm as he fell to his knees on the floor beside her. "They've all gone insane! You have to stop them! You have to protect me!"
-" He shook his head, hard, hair whipping back and forth around his face. "Titanium Man was almost unstoppable even before he had my technology to augment his suit, and I - It's my fault it was everywhere. I fucked up, I didn't safeguard my lab properly and I lost control of the company and I had to clean up my own messes. No one else was going to."
Stopping Doom from turning half of Lower Manhattan into a flood basin as part of some dark ritual sacrifice - Steve still wasn't clear to whom, or what exactly Doom had intended to gain from it - had taken the entire day. Namor had grudgingly lent a hand, mostly because the resultant underwater earthquake when half of Manhattan caved into a vast sinkhole would have caused secondary tremors as far away as Atlantis. But as much as Steve enjoyed working with Namor occasionally, his presence tended to be as much a hindrance as a help. All these years later, and he still hadn't grasped how to work with a team.
Judging by the tightening of Englehart's lips, and the way he was shaking his head, Tony was already doing that. It didn't appear to be working.
Sam cast an uneasy glance at the book, his eyebrows drawing together. "You mean Chthon? What do you mean you can hear him? I thought he could only enter this dimension from the cathedral."
He would, Steve told himself. He had to. For now, he just had to have faith, trust in the fact that Tony was strong enough not to be broken by this. Steve sighed, and let his shoulders sag. He barely even noticed when Carol left the room.
Trusting that Wanda's magic would work as she'd said — having brought her along, he could do no less — he ran toward the nearest black-clad man, slamming his shield into the man's arm to encourage him to drop his gun.
“I don’t know.  I just know I’m glad I did.  The world wouldn’t be right without you, any more than it would be without Cap, or without Simon, or my—“ she broke off.  “I miss Pietro.  I think he’s alive.  I want to think I’d know if he weren’t, but twins don’t actually work like that.”
He looked terrible, his face pale and his eyes slitted against the light. There were smears of blood beneath his nose and on his lips, his goatee failing to hide them.
Everyone stared at him.  Steve and  Tony, who had reached the table just as Peter was finishing his last  sentence, were also staring at him.
Tony's eyes went back to the bits of computer he was still holding loosely. Without any particular emotion in his voice, he asked. "Remember the way Miriam Sharpe looked at us, in that restaurant in DC? Remember those anti-mutant protestors who camped out around the mansion when you brought Wanda and Pietro onto the team?"
"Of course we all-" Tony started, clearly preparing to assure Rhodey that everyone thought turning sixteen-year-olds into a superpowered auxiliary to the U.S. military was a good idea.
It was more a momentary press of lips to his than a real kiss, and then Steve was wrapping an arm around him and leaning his forehead against his, holding on to him tightly for one brief moment.
Doing what had to be done didn't always mean doing what was right, and it never got any easier, except when he'd been too drunk to care.
"I'm," he began, starting to tell her that he was fine, and then stopped. "I don't know." He drew in a deep breath, feeling marginally less shaky, and balled his hands into fists to keep them from trembling. His hands never shook. Even when he'd been drinking himself to sleep every night and hungover every morning, they'd always been rock steady when he needed them to be. "Yelling at Steve and Thor wouldn't have helped anything. I didn't want to- The last time I got into an actual fight with Steve, I broke his jaw."
Wearing the armor, running SI, designing things - he could still do all of those. He hadn't lost anything important, and he'd gained more than he had ever hoped for a few months ago, when the most he'd dared hope for was that Steve
Clint felt himself automatically standing up straighter, not that it would do much good. "Because by the time I heard about it, the two of them had put it behind them, and you beating Rhodey up wouldn't have done anyone any good." Clint shrugged. "Look, if I'd known about it at the time, I would have kicked him off the team for endangering civilians, but by then he'd already left. I mean, you were a horrible leader, but I did learn that much from you."
"We agreed long ago that the Avengers would not intrude upon one another's private lives, but I would suggest that you see a doctor." And until he did, Don would keep a watchful eye on him. His other self saw it as a matter of honor.
Tony threw himself between them, the knife skidding harmlessly across the front of his armor. The man he had just saved screamed, and started pounding on the armor with his fists.
Sharon shrugged. "It's a possibility. Considering Sin's history of mental instability, it's also highly probably that she's simply delusional. At the museum, was she-"
Tony smiled back, but only for a moment. "Even you can't keep things from happening just by willing them not to. I've screwed up before. I'll do it again. And next time, it might not be as relatively harmless as forgetting that someone might have a camera the Extremis can't detect."
Doom's reply — something in Latverian that Steve didn't have to understand to know was a threat — was cut short by a scream of rage from Loki.
The little screen in front of her had a box in the corner displaying the time and date for the plane's projected arrival in New York City. She blinked, rubbing at her eyes with one hand, and then looked at it again.
"Yes," Hank said, "but I - I'll just, just go set up the lab." He fled the hallway so quickly that Jan almost called him back, old instinct temporarily overwhelming good sense.
Clint pushed himself up onto one elbow, wrapping the other arm around his chest and curling in on himself.  "Give me a minute," he wheezed.  He flicked one hand vaguely at the battle still raging around them.  "Go help... someone."
"It's not your fault," Steve said, to Wanda. "Like I said, if we blamed everyone on the team who'd ever been mind-controlled for what they did under mind-control, we'd have to court-martial pretty much everybody except Jan."
Tony practically stalked out into the hallway, shoulders stiff. "I can take care of myself, Steve," he said, when the door had fallen closed behind them. "I haven't suddenly become fragile or breakable just because I got pregnant and had a miscarriage. I've recovered just fine from far worse. I don't need you to coddle me."
Nosebleeds were far less disturbing, he decided. And he'd started to have the same panicky reaction to losing contact with the Extremis that he did to arguing with Steve. What the hell was wrong with him?
Tony eyed the little toy with a smirk. "I can't believe you kept it. I thought you hated all that Captain America merchandise they used to sell. Which you really ought to have gotten some sort of royalties for, by the way."
"Yes, but that was two days ago. Materials can weaken over time." Tony hands moved downward, to the fly of Steve's jeans. "Metal fatigue builds up," he laid an open-mouthed kiss on the side of Steve's neck, mouth hot against Steve's skin, "wood warps..."
"So we're down to two flyers. You're with me. We need to start evacuating the building." Steve was in crisis mode, all stiff shoulders and barked orders. "Hawkeye-" he snapped, turning and stabbing a finger at Clint, "take her to the paramedics. Then get back here and join us."
All right, Steve decided. They all needed sleep. The media would just wait, because there was no way most of the people in this room were going to get through a press conference without making absolute idiots of themselves.
"He hates you almost as much as he hates Reed." Steve's fingers were rubbing lazy circles on Tony's upper arm, and Tony could feel the heat of his body radiating through their clothes. "What did you do to him, anyway?"
"Why would you think that?" She sounded honestly shocked, so much so that Clint automatically turned to look at her; she was still standing by the table, maybe a step or so closer to him than she had been. "You would never do that, and I would never agree to it." There was absolute conviction in her voice, and looking at her, standing there alone with her, suddenly got a little easier. "I don't really... remember much about what we did," she added, much more hesitantly, "it's all kind of vague, but I know you didn't hurt me or force me to do anything. I wanted to help you, because you seemed so sad. Or that's what he made me think, anyway."
"You have a headache." It came out sounding like an accusation. "And you didn't come to bed last night, or the night before," he added, trying to soften his tone. "You can get back to them tomorrow."
Last month, when they had attacked the Avengers Mansion and injured Hercules so badly that he had had to temporarily quit the team - and beaten up Jarvis, for which Steve was never ever going to forgive them - they had had the Wrecking Crew along for the ride.
"Right. I'm going." Damn it, he only wanted to help. Why was nothing he did working? Clint turned and limped toward the door, letting his shoulders sag a little. His leg was really starting to hurt now. Today was sucking in every possible way.
Don was tired enough that anger was hard to hold on to.  He might still be chained to a wall, slowly bleeding to death, if it weren’t for Hank, thoughtless and unnecessary heroics or not.  “You were far, far luckier than you deserve to be,” he told Hank finally, “and they’re pretty sure there’s no permanent damage.”  Something which most of the hospital staff he’d talked to considered either a minor miracle, or just one more of the many reasons why superhuman biology was confusing and unfathomable.
Jan had already partially disabled one of the others, diving inside its defenses and ripping the vital wiring in the back of its neck out with her bare hands.  It was stumbling around blindly now, swinging its fists at empty air and getting in the remaining Doombot's way.
Sam ducked under the Doombot's next blast and rolled, coming back to his feet beside the downed robot, the energy weapon it had dropped in his hands.  "Surrender, and you might get to keep all your circuits in working order," he said.
"I don't-" Tony started. Then he sneezed, his hair falling back into his face again. He glared at Steve crossly from underneath the wet hair now sticking to his face, and muttered, "Fine. I'll go take a shower. Do you have any dry clothes I can borrow?"
The entire side of his face throbbed, and Sin's voice was patchy and far away, but he wasn't about to let her get the last word.  "Do I look like I'm begging?"
There was a sudden, jarring blast of sound as the ambulance turned its siren back on, pulling out into the street and away around a corner.
"It looks like you'll be staying longer than just a few days, then," Steve said, coming further into the room. He loomed over Tony now by over half a foot; it was disconcerting.
Sharon raised her eyebrows. "You can't just not tell him your upgrades are making you sick, Tony," she said, her tone just this side of confrontational. "You're dating him."
"No," she said, firmly. She eyed the couch warily, and added, "I don't blame him. I don't like having that book in the house, Cap. We need Strange here as soon as possible."
"Just ride it out. Eventually enough stuff will have happened that we'll all have different things to glare at each other over and avoid talking about, and then you'll feel right at home again."
He had no problem blaming Hank and Tony for cloning him without his knowledge, Jan thought, or for the destruction said clone had caused, despite the fact that neither of them had been acting of their own free will, either. She couldn't
"I heard," Hank's voice came through sharply. "I'm contacting everyone as we speak. Falcon, Carol, Hawkeye, War Machine. Where should I tell them to go?"
"Fine." Dr. Brackett waved a hand toward the room he'd just exited. "I hate New York," he muttered. "I don't suppose there's any way to turn this Extremis thing off?"
The world vanished in a searing flash of light. Sin hit the floor, elbows cracking painfully against concrete, and ripped her goggles off. Her eyes were watering, brightly colored sparks fuzzing across her vision.
That was bullshit, and Sam said as much. "You didn't choose to come here. There's only so much you can do when you're being mind-controlled, it's hard enough just to fight the control off. And there's no point in blaming anyone now, anyway; what's done is done." If there was one thing about his fellow Avengers that irritated him — and when had he started thinking of them as 'fellow Avengers?' He'd intended to join the team only temporarily, had no more intention of being their long-term token anti-Registration hero than he'd once had of being their 'token minority guy' — it was the way so many of them seemed to spend half their time feeling guilty for the wrong things.
"I wouldn't do it on purpose, but you know as well as I do that my powers haven't always been under my control."
He felt silly about that now, especially after weeks spent looking at the bare, unfinished walls of the Avengers Mansion as it was slowly rebuilt. Spending months living in a house with no pictures on the walls was not normal, but by the time he'd actually noticed how barren the apartment suite looked, Steve had been back for almost a month, and the boxes with the pictures in them were sitting in the middle of a dozen other boxes of Steve's things, waiting for him to unpack them.
Steve nodded; Doom could devote himself to a goal with a single-minded intensity that was frightening, the same vanity that had prompted him to hide his face behind a mask making him refuse to acknowledge even the possibility of failure.
“Neither have I,” Don said absently, as he began reading his way through the recorded vital signs, medications given, and other information.  Most of the chart had been filled out by someone with blissfully legible handwriting, so it didn’t take very long.
The lack of someone to blame didn't make that body under the white sheet feel any less like a failure. His chest had been crushed the moment the rubble hit him, and five or ten minutes either way would have made little difference, but he had been breathing when she had lifted that chunk of curtain wall off him, and he wasn't now.
The hot flash of rage that filled Don was unexpected – his skin felt too tight, suddenly, his face hot, and he couldn't tell how much of the emotion choking him was his, and how much was Thor's. "You murdered Thor's brother!" he shouted at her. "What the hell do you think? He trusted you once and you betrayed him!" He had trusted him – her – like a brother, fought beside her, drunk mead with her and laughed with her and– The memories of Baldur convulsing in his arms, bubbles of blood at his lips while his breath wheezed with a wet, gluey note that Don's medical training recognized as the sound of someone drowning on the fluid in their lungs... were not his memories. They were still as vivid in his mind as the first time he'd ever had a patient flatline.
He'd been very aware of the risks of donning the armor in a crowded room when he'd already been exposed, but it hadn't occurred to him to say anything to the others -- for one thing, part of him had already been worried that they were dead, but even if that hadn't been the case, he wasn't sure he'd have thought to say anything; after keeping his heart problem a secret for so long, concealing his physical condition was second nature.
Steve closed his eyes for a second, and took a deep breath, obviously trying to hold onto his temper. "You can't take responsibility for this, Tony. It's everyone's decision, not just yours."
Thor frowned. He hesitated a moment, then gave voice to the concern he did not — quite — resent feeling. "It is more than that."
"I don't solve Hank's problems for him." Jan wrinkled her nose, and added, "I doubt the big guy would listen to me, anyway. I was there when the cloning happened, and I didn't do anything to stop it."
They were just beginning to rebuild their friendship. Steve really hoped sex wouldn't get in the way of that; as good as the sex had been - and it had been very good - he wouldn't trade Tony's friendship for it.
"I wasn't exactly expecting it, either," she said. "I always thought you were as straight as they come."
"Man, I'm so sorry this happened to you guys. I know how much this sucks. Or, I don't know how much this exact thing sucks, but I know how awful it is to have the biggest secret of your life in the headlines. People are going to freak. Seriously, you have no idea how weird people are going to act around you, sometimes ones you don't expect."
One of Maya's shoulders twitched up in a shrug, and she looked away, addressing the deck planking somewhere between Tony and Sharon. "It was subtle at first, too minor for either of us to notice when we scanned you after you hacked the Mandarin's rings, but the damage has spread. The healing factor that was supposed to be its original purpose is no longer functioning properly; you're damaging your body whenever you use the Extremis to interface with anything other than your armor, and its healing factor is so reduced in capacity that it's overloaded, and the strain of continually trying to repair your body is only adding to the stress on your system." She looked back up, directly into Tony's face, and he could already anticipate what she was going to say next. The way he'd had to struggle to get his breath back after exercising, the pain in his chest. That fluttery feeling, like the cyborg heart beating arrhythmically as its battery ran down.
"Maybe she was lonely. Maybe some part of her wanted to reconnect with her past. Maybe she just wasn't done screwing with you, literally."
The sharp smell of burning wood and carpet joined the haze of dust in the air.  The woman ignored it; she drew her gun and charged forward, as if Clint and his energy weapon weren't even there.
He pulled his hands carefully free of the vacuum chamber's gloves, and took a step away from it, feeling belatedly ashamed at the look on Jan's face. He had no right to be angry at Thor, under the circumstances.
Carol was right; they had to do something about Chthon. Waiting around in the hopes that they could stop him whenever he finally made his move was already costing the city too much.
The cat was distinctly ungrateful for Clint's efforts to protect him; the second his paws hit the hallway floor he was gone.
Tony spun on his heel to find Strange standing - posing - in the lab's doorway, his cloak billowing around him in a non-existent breeze.
"Does Tony know you're already planning your appeal to the state supreme court on his behalf?" Sam shook his head, grinning, and answered his own question. "Nevermind, he's marrying you. He probably does."
Steve made a humming noise to indicate that he was listening, though probably not more than half of what Carol was saying was penetrating. Most of his attention was entirely taken up by Tony. A piece of hair had fallen over Tony's forehead. Steve curled his right hand around the metal bar on the side of the bed, to keep himself from reaching out and brushing it back. It might make him feel better, but he wasn't sure how it would affect Tony.
"We already agreed to help Wanda," Jan reminded everyone, resisting the impulse to get up and pace. She sacrificed some of her authority as chairwoman when she shrank down to six inches tall and paced back and forth across the table, but it always helped her think. "Stopping Chthon from breaking free is-"
"So," Loki said, her gleeful smirk visible even from across the street, "you have come to stop us.  Of course you have.  You're tiresomely predictable."
For a terrorist group or ordinary criminal or even most other supervillains, but not for Victor von Doom.  "That's too pedestrian for Doom," Tony told him.  "He'd insist on something with more flair."
he begged silently. Amora had sworn she wasn't going to cause any trouble, but her word meant little, and she and the Executioner were probably bored with lying low by now; two months back from the dead, and they hadn't tried to kill or brainwash anybody yet. That was very nearly a record.
"Creepy evil government people made them do it." Clint waved a dismissive hand. Sure, he'd been pretty mad about the whole thing too, but it was over now, and the way he figured it, it wasn’t exactly surprising that the mad scientists followed their natural inclinations when left to be supervised by the kind of government official who thought that selling out to the Nazis was a good idea. "Seriously, where have you been for the last month? Creepy evil government people were behind the whole thing."
Strange was waiting for her by the window, in full sorcerer supreme regalia. Did he ever wear anything else?
"When you-" Tony broke off, almost stumbling over the word, then started again. "When you found out that I was pregnant and you said that you would marry me, did you really mean that, or were you just offering because it was the right thing to do?"
"No," Cap said. "Just a restaurant. They were meeting with a reporter. I think it was just bad luck."
It didn't feel real, yet. He still kept expecting to look in the mirror and see the female version of himself.
Hank swore. "Because it can cause cardiorespiratory complications. I hate my life and I hate my friends."
"Hill," Tony said. "I need to talk to you — and Fury and Dugan, if they're there. I have information on the Sin situation."
He had missed that, over the past year or so, while the Avengers line-up shifted constantly around him, never staying the same for more than a month at a time. Captain Marvel and the Black Knight were very good at what they did, skilled professionals whom it was a pleasure to work with, and Namor was an old friend, no matter how irritating he could be, but they weren't Steve's family, not the way his old team had been. When Monica and Dain had left the team to take care of their own affairs, it hadn't hurt or disappointed him, not the way it had when Tony had left, when Hank had had to be kicked out, and it hadn't just been because they'd left under infinitely more favorable circumstances, although that had helped.
He should have expected that this fix would turn out to be temporary, too. Maybe he had, on some level.
Wanda fought to keep herself from dissolving away into the chaos, forcing herself to focus on the rest of the world.   Chthon was all around her, the barrier between his prison and the rest of reality nearly worn through, but he couldn't touch her while the spear's power filled her.
Rhodey didn't comment on the stripped-down decor. Either he was doing the same thing everyone else seemed to be doing and ignoring it, or he simply didn't know that anything was missing; Steve wasn't sure if he'd been in Stark Tower prior to the Registration mess.
He took a step forward, and Tony, without even thinking about it, found himself taking a corresponding step back, right into Rhodey. He wobbled on the stupid heels, and Rhodey put a steadying hand on his shoulder.
Steve hadn't really expected Tony to stay away from his tech toys for a whole day. At least he was sitting down in the living room in relative comfort instead of downstairs using the armor's augmented strength to manhandle Quinjet engine blocks.
No thinking about Steve's temporary death, or the Helicarrier exploding, or Stark Industries' still lackluster performance in the stock market post the SHRA's repeal, or the way Sally Floyd kept trying to get him to agree to another interview, or fights with Thor, or the memory – the false memory – of Steve with blackened repulsor burns in the middle of his chest. It would be days, possibly a couple of weeks, before he and Steve had the opportunity to spend an evening alone like this again, so he was going to make the most of it.
Hank had vivid memories of that longbow, and the thumb-thick arrows Clint had played around with before he'd decided that being Goliath was more trouble than it was worth and stopped taking Pym particles. He'd never gained the ability to produce them biologically the way Hank, Jan, Scott, and Bill had, anyway.
Steve nodded.  He ought to have expected that.  But even if Chthon’s power hadn’t been killing her, she would never have survived the injuries they had inflicted on her.  A normal human would have been dead long before she reached Times Square, from the beating she’d taken from Luke’s team, and no one could have survived Tony’s repulsor blast.
Only Thor, Jan thought, could utter a sentence like that without either blushing or displaying any other visible sign of embarrassment or amusement.
The museum's high-ceilinged entrance hall was painfully exposed; the back of Steve's neck crawled as he walked through it, staying close to the wall. Just because Tony hadn't detected anyone hiding on the second floor balcony with a gun didn't mean no one was there. Security cameras could be tampered with.
Sam was talking to one of the museum curators; by the hand gestures he was making, either fishing or baseball was involved. Or he was waving a hand in frustration as he tried to convey exactly how irritating it was that the Islamic Art gallery was shut down, but Steve didn't think so. The conversation looked friendly.
And Steve... Steve had been livid, when Sal had shown it to him. Not, strangely, because he'd failed to accept or believe Tony's explanations, but because he
Tony hadn't even looked at him yet. He was fiddling with part of a computer circuit board, tiny bits of gold wire glittering between his fingers. As Steve watched, he reached up to rub at his forehead, just over his left eye.
Steve was examining another woodcut, this one from the mid-1500s and carefully displayed in a dimly lit alcove, when he felt another presence behind him. He wasn't sure what bit of information told his brain that was Tony – maybe the sound of his footsteps, maybe some scent, the sound of his breathing – but his subconscious had identified him before the other man spoke.
"It's okay," Clint started, keeping his voice low. The people he'd helped the EMTs load into the ambulances had panicked when you tried to talk to them; it was how he'd gotten stabbed in the thigh. "You're in the hospital. I don't know if you remember, but you were drugged with something. The doctors are going to help you."
Tony started to wave one hand, clearly about to object, and Steve went on, "Come on. It will make me feel better. I don't have that many people left to worry about."
Blows from holodummies didn't have the force of a real attack, but they still hurt. Hank was going to have bruises later – Jan had set the safety protocols at level two, not level one. It was actually kind of flattering, he reflected, as he tackled the robot trying to take Clint from behind, to know that she trusted him to take care of himself at least that far, powers or no.
Steve lifted his shield to block a punch from one of the few A.I.M. hirelings still on his feet, then slammed the front of his shield against the man's face – it split the front of his faceplate with a satisfying crack, and he went down in a crumpled heap of yellow plastic.
Tony didn't actually roll his eyes, but some quirk of facial expression implied the motion anyway. "Steve, not everyone enjoys art museums just because you think they should. Do you really think Hank would be here if it weren't an exhibit on debunked, pseudo-magical proto-chemistry?"
"No," Sharon was shaking her head. "The first time he died, the cosmic cube was right there. He was able to use it to transfer his consciousness. The second time, there was no way for him to escape. We checked Lukin's body; the cube wasn't there."
"So, rather than making Chthon more powerful, you want us to make you more powerful instead?" Don asked. It was as much a rhetorical question as it was anything else – regaining the power stored in the spear would make Loki one of the strongest of the resurrected Asgardians, her powers a match for anything but the Odin force, and Thor preferred to avoid using that at almost all costs. Don didn't blame him; leading Valhalla was a crushing responsibility at times, he knew, but the powers Odin had wielded and passed on to his son were even more oppressive, and not simply because one's own near-death was required in order to master them fully.
Tony managed not to wince, but it took effort. "Because Steve wants nothing more than to go to a party with me," he said.
There were things he ought to be doing, but for a moment, he let himself sit quietly across from Wanda and just be grateful that she was all right, and to try, again, to block out the memory of Tony’s blood seeping through his fingers.
"That's different," Tony said. "That actually is my responsibility. Just like the clone was. Thor did nothing; he just got caught in the fallout from another weapon I lost control of, one I shouldn't have allowed myself to be forced into making in the first place. And he's got just as much right to be angry at me as any of the people those landmines and missiles have hurt." He studied the smooth, polished brass of the elevator doors intently, as if searching for something in his own distorted reflection. Or avoiding Steve's eyes. "What use would another apology be when he doesn't trust my word anymore?"
Sam shook his head, pulling his shirt cuffs straight and brushing futilely at the punctures in the fabric of his right coat sleeve, the spacing of the tears looking suspiciously like something Redwing's talons might have made. "I don't want to talk about this. I'm tired of thinking about it. And about Chthon and whatever part of Lower Manhattan's going to blow up or fall down next. Have they re-opened the Islamic art gallery yet?"
Hank went still, the last traces of that manic enthusiasm draining out of his posture. Or maybe it was just normal science enthusiasm. Either way, it was gone now. "What's wrong with you?"
That was an exaggeration, but unfortunately, not much of one. "That's not the point," Tony said. "The point is that I can pay other people to cook for me."
Passing out on the floor of Doom’s warehouse-turned-dungeon didn’t count as sleep.  Thor might have nearly unlimited energy, but Don was more than ready to crash for a few hours, preferably a full eight.
"You're not that different," Steve said, carefully, "not in the ways that matter." Which was both true and not true. Tony could still run SI as a woman, still be Iron Man, still make Steve want to pound his head against the wall in frustration over how hard it was to understand him, still make Steve ache to touch him. And yet, every time Steve looked at him, there was still that half-second of confusion, that need to remind himself that this was
Female bodies apparently reacted to stress differently; Tony had never been sick from nerves before. He was rarely sick at all, unless concussion or alcohol was involved.
A sinking feeling in his stomach, Steve got to his feet. "It involves the Extremis, so I'm sure I won't. What is it?"
Who, Tony filled in mentally, was almost unimaginably powerful. He hated magic. He really, truly hated it.
Hours later, Wanda sat on the sofa in Strange's study, drinking tea and watching the sky outside his huge, round window slowly shading into dawn. She felt empty, hollowed out, and so exhausted that she no longer felt like sleeping – just an ache in her head and a gritty burn in her eyes.
Tony... Tony's arguments almost always made sense, even when they were wrong. It was his reactions just now that Steve didn't know how to interpret.
"What press release?" Tony reached for the magazine, fumbling it momentarily as Jan thrust it at him. "I've been dodging reporters all day. I haven't given an interview to anyone since Thor came back, and I haven't given a private interview since that bastard at the Meridian who thought we'd faked Steve's... him."
"Tony?" Steve said tentatively, already halfway to his feet and reaching for him. And then Tony was grabbing him and pulling him close, back down and halfway onto the bed, clinging to him silently. Which was good, because it gave Steve an excuse to cling back.
The fact that people were checking him out ought to have made him feel uncomfortable, but surprisingly, it actually made Tony feel better. He might be stuck as a woman right now, but at least he could still have the same effect on people that he'd always had.
"Are you going to answer the question about Registration? I spoke with you during the repeal process; I know how hard both of you worked to get the SHRA repealed, and how much New York City owes your entire team, both past and present."
"Dogs chase things, not cats." Tony shrugged one shoulder, and added, voice rueful, "This can't have been much of a vacation for you. Sorry."
Chthon's will slammed against his cracking shields like a wall of water pounding against a crumbling dam, forcing its way through the cracks and
"Don't be a fool," Doom sneered.  "Do you really think I have no defenses against my own weapons?  Drop the gun, and perhaps I'll let you live."
Strange flung his free hand up, crying, "By the powers of the Vishanti, I," and then he was screaming as the spear flared with light and the glove on his left hand disintegrated.
By the time Tony was lying on the examining table in the Avengers' medical center, they had acquired a small audience. Bobbi, She-Hulk, Vision, and Simon were clustered in the hallway outside, all of the demanding to know what was going on. Bobbi, who had actually taken the initial distress call from Tony, and had wanted to accompany them in the quinjet, was demanding information the most forcefully, glaring daggers at Clint through the doorway.
They couldn't afford to waste time on this argument, not with Hank and Jan missing.  "I'm not staying.  We don't have time for it.  Doom's got the Dee manuscript, which he can presumably use to acquire the spear, and once he's got that, there's going to be damn little we can do about it."  And they still didn't know what Sin actually wanted, other than just to kill everyone.  And if Thor was right, Loki was involved somehow as well, obviously having moved on to a new temporary ally in her quest to regain the spear for herself.
It more than lived up to Steve's silent fantasies from earlier, and he could feel his body responding despite his exhaustion.
The gradual disappearance of those measuring, pitying looks over the past few months had been an unadulterated relief. All the more reason to avoid a repeat of his bizarre near-panic-attack the other day; falling apart now that everything was mostly okay again, without chemical prompting, would prove once and for all that he was just broken in some fundamental way, damaged and fucked up beyond repairing, regardless of Steve's or his own best efforts. And that was unacceptable.
Tony shrugged, the IV line tugging at his arm again. What was in it, anyway? "It didn't seem important." In the midst of all the chaos, there hadn't exactly been time to have discussions about his physical or mental condition. It wasn't as if there was anything anyone could have done at that point. The hallucinations hadn't been fun, but the entire time at the restaurant, he'd at least known that they were hallucinations. It wasn't until later, until he'd woken up in the hospital, that he'd lost the ability to sort them out from reality.
It would be dangerous to let herself rely on that comfort too heavily. She had run to Strange for protection from Chthon, and now Strange was unconscious on the Night Nurse's exam table, and he had had the knowledge and abilities to defend himself from a being like Chthon. Cap and the other Avengers had only second-hand experience with magic. If Chthon broke free, all Cap and Clint and Simon would be able to do if they stood against him was die. Again.
Wanda's face crumpled with relief for a moment, and then she looked away. "Thank you," she said quietly.
"I'd like to take credit for the filter design," Tony said, ignoring the cold sweat breaking out along his spine, "but I'm afraid it was mostly Dr. Avison's doing." He nodded at Avison, and she smiled back at him, perfectly capped teeth very white against her dark skin.
Wanda nodded, slowly. "As if part of you has been cut off," she said, raising one hand a little to flash the black glove at him. "And knowing that you chose to lose it only makes it harder."
Peter couldn't really think of anything to say to that. All of the various Avengers and former Avengers he'd been thrown in amongst over the course of the past year had years of history together that he was only peripherally involved in, and often not even really aware of.
His armor bent with a groan of tortured metal as the tentacle tightened around him. Harkness clearly meant to crush the armor like a tin can, and Tony with it.
"Talk to me, Don."  Jan waved at him, the gesture over-exaggerated, probably so he could see it despite the poor light and her size.  From this angle, half-sitting/half-lying against the wall, all he could see was her upper body, the rest of her cut off from view by the floor of her prison and the back of Hank's head.  "I'm going to go stir crazy in here."
"Almost everyone," Hill corrected. "A significant amount of our data on several of your teammates has been mysteriously deleted."
He moved automatically, the moment he saw her face start to turn away from him.   The edge of his shield came down on Sin's right forearm with a crack of shattering bone, and the spear dropped from her hand.
Loki's 'children' had been monsters, one of them fated to slay Thor himself, again and again at every Ragnarok. The three of them had been as vicious as their sire, Fenris most especially. "I call you traitor because you are one. Go. I tire of listening to you."
Wanda was standing at the far end of Strange's study, her back to the door, staring out the huge, round window that dominated the room. Wong was standing next to her, the two of them deep in conversation.
Tony looked up at him silently. Steve looked tired, with red-rimmed eyes, and unshaven, though the stubble was so blonde that it was barely noticeable. As soon as Tony got dressed and checked himself out, they could both go home and go to sleep.
"Calm down, big guy." Jan laid a hand on Thor's arm, only to receive an icy glare in return. "Tony wasn't suggesting we trust her-"
Don finished tying the last of Clint's stitches off and snipped off the extra surgical thread. "You do have a point, but I'm not ready to deal with them yet. Half of me wants to beat Tony to death, and the other half's inclined to just stand back and watch. And I don't think now would be a good time for that."
Wanda was sitting up in bed, an IV line in the crook of her arm.  They had stripped off her costume and put her in a light blue hospital gown, and her hands were wrapped in bandages – from touching the spear?  From Strange’s tattoos?  In Times Square, they had glowed with so much power that her gloves had been burned away.
Some kind of after effect of A.I.M.'s fear toxin, activated by adrenaline? He'd been exposed to it nearly a month ago, but with A.I.M., that didn't necessarily mean anything. He should ask Hank to check him out later, to make sure he didn't have some trace amount of it still lurking in his system. Should check with Jan to make sure she hadn't experienced anything similar.
He had assured Steve that the Extremis was harmless. He had looked into his eyes and promised him that he was through with trying to hurt himself, actively or passively. And now his own body was letting him down again, and it was his own damn fault.
"Yeah," Clint said, his voice strained. "We stopped Loki." He looked and sounded as if he were trying not to laugh, and kept darting little glances at Tony.
With a roar of rage that sounded uncannily like Doom himself, the Doombot grabbed at its smoking faceplate, trying to rip it free while spidery threads of energy crawled over its hands. The faceplate peeled free, revealing bare circuitry underneath, and Wanda dodged backwards as two arrows the length of her arm punched through the Doombot's metal skull.
His chest was starting to hurt, a sharp, familiar pain. "I'll take full responsibility for it if you want," he said, flinging his hands up angrily. "A little more blood on my hands is nothing next to saving the world." How would one even tell where the old stains left off and the new ones started, at this point?
Hank glanced automatically at Tony, who shrugged. "We didn't want to risk damaging them by passing them through too many sets of hands. The police bomb squad was afraid they were biological."
You can't be!" Steve shook his head, almost wanting to laugh at the sheer absurdity of the idea. Tony wasn't really a woman. And they had used protection every time, after those first two times, and... "What do you mean, pregnant?"
"Whatever you decide to do will be all right with me," he said. "It's your body, and your future." The fact that Steve had envisioned a future for both of them, even if only for a few seconds, was immaterial.
"You don't have to avoid it with me," Agatha said firmly. "There are some things men just can't understand, no matter how powerful or well-studied they are." She met Wanda's gaze, her blue eyes sharp despite the web of wrinkles surrounding them. "I want you to know that you can always come to me with your problems, Wanda dear, even if you feel you've outgrown what I have to teach you when it comes to magic. Stephen Strange may know a lot about being a sorcerer, but he knows little about being a woman."
"What? Oh no." Strange shook his head, a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. "Quite the opposite, actually. You were sterile. You are most assuredly not sterile anymore."
"You realize you'll probably have to recalibrate everything again after I leave," Wanda said, from her perch on one of the newly installed work tables. "Sensitive electronic equipment doesn't like me very much."
"Maybe you two don't like each other anymore, but he's still an Avenger. Just tell me whether or not it's serious, okay?"
The entire thing had taken less than ten-seconds, but it hadn't been quiet; Sin and her men would know they were there now.
No. Tony shook his head, and viciously deleted an email nagging him to set up an appointment to discuss his recent re-acquisition of his technology with SHIELD. If Fury wanted to come yell at him, let him track Tony down personally first.
"I thought he'd killed you," Don was saying. He was checking Tony's heart for the second time, as if afraid whatever results he'd gotten the first time might change or prove untrue. "I wouldn't put it past him. He goes after people Thor cares about. Any child of the two of them would have spent its entire life as a hostage."
"Why did you, then?" Clint shouldered her other bag and elaborated, "They don't even let you take toothpaste anymore."
"He'd be the last surviving person who was present at that ritual, other than me and Dugan."  Barnes shook his head, rubbing a hand over his face.  "It would be a nice, tidy coincidence if that was it, and they were going to use the same spell to try and make Doom a god, but I can't see it.  Sin wouldn't just hand something like that over to a member of an 'inferior race.'"
There was at least a quarter of an hour until Tony had to leave for his meeting; Steve let himself soak in the sound of Tony's breathing, the press of his weight against him, and stared up at the blank, white walls around them, trying to envision them covered in paintings and photographs. All of his old art had vanished somewhere, but he could always draw more, and Jan would probably leap at the chance to look through a few art galleries and help find them something to cover all those barren walls. If he left it to Tony, they would either end up surrounded by images of the Avengers, or live in modernist sterility surrounded by ugly, angular furniture.
"There's only one person it could have been," Barnes muttered thickly. He hissed through his teeth as Steve pressed a wad of cotton gauze against his side, the material swiftly turning red. "He will be dealt with."
Hill showed up eleven minutes and thirty-five second later, Sharon Carter in tow. Tony was waiting for them outside the infirmary doors, leaning his shoulders back against the metal wall; Maya, Dr. Deodato, the rest of the medical staff, and the graying SHIELD operative currently having a row of stitches removed from her shoulder didn't need to be in on this conversation.
Tony sighed, and looked up from the computer, rubbing at his face with one hand. "Wind turbines. And the navigation system for the Boeing bid. R&D kept sending back crap, so I said I'd do it myself."
Everyone on the East Coast knew. Hank had been assuming that Tony had kept it a secret from absolutely everyone, planning to quietly arrange for an abortion and pretend it never happened. "If you didn't want me working changing you back any longer, you could have just told me," he said quietly.
"Steve wasn't involved in cloning you," Clint went on, knowing he was pushing it, but when didn't he push it? If it weren't for blind chance, Don probably would have walked right out of the hospital without letting any of them know he was there. "Hank screwed up big-time, so did Tony, but how many of us haven't?" He'd already had this conversation with Carol, but he felt it bore repeating. "You guys gave me a second shot, well, Cap did." And hopefully he'd give Clint a third shot when Clint told him about Wanda. Eventually. There were more immediate things to worry about right now. "Come on, if I just walk up there by myself and tell everyone you're back, they won't believe me." He paused. "Well, actually, they probably will. But that's not the point."
She could already hear the strangled note in Doom's voice as he grudgingly asked her to please hand over the book.
Sin and her men were gone, and so, Sam saw as he staggered to his feet, were Hank and Jan.  There was nothing left in the room but broken Doombots and corpses.
In order to avoid ruining Logan's attempt to pretend that  he was only at the Blue Note by accident, Steve and the others had sat  down at the table next to his, rather than actually with him.  Peter  stared dreamily at MJ, Jessica Drew waved away the stream of free drinks  various men kept sending her, and Steve leaned his shoulder against  Tony's, sipped his coca cola, and pretended it was nineteen thirty-nine.
"That makes it worse," Carol added, and if Jan had still not believed her insistence that she didn't blame Wanda anymore, the odd, subdued note in her voice would have convinced her.
The tape snapped, the flap unfolded, and Steve stared down at a framed pen and ink drawing of an Avengers quinjet. The glass in front of the drawing was cracked, and one corner of the paper was scorched, but it wasn't so damaged that he couldn't recognize it immediately. He would have known that particular drawing anywhere.
Beside him, a third man was stretched full-length on the asphalt, a sheet pulled over his face to hide it from the circling news copters. They had pulled him out, too, from under the same piece of rubble. He'd been alive, then.
Wanda stared at him for a moment, searching his face for something. Whatever it was, she must have found it, because she nodded slowly. "I believe you. I know it's a terrible thing to ask, but if it comes to it, Carol on her own wouldn't be enough to stop me. Maybe at the height of her Binary powers, but not now. Not anymore."
Driving a car, like any other mechanical task, always calmed him down, so that by the time they reached their destination, Tony had almost stopped wanting to cringe at the thought of getting out of the car and walking past the photographers and their cameras.
"Glad to see you haven't left without me," she said, and extended one arm out toward Sam. "Grab on, Falcon. I'll give you some altitude."
Jan raised an eyebrow at Tony, which he blithely ignored. That had been a more obvious bit of flirtation than he normally indulged in with Steve. Flirting was generally the way Tony showed you that he liked you, but he made at least a half-hearted attempt to turn it down when he was interacting with other men.
From his position on the third-story window ledge of an apartment building across the street from it, Strange could sense the aura of malice that hung around the cathedral. It was thick, suffocating. Hungry.
He considered her for a moment, taking in the green gown, the larger than life stature, and the great, curving pair of golden horns that topped her headdress. Her face was unfamiliar, but...
The half-dozen boxes still stacked in the corner of his and Tony's room had acquired a thin layer of dust, and a few clumps of the orange fur that seemed to coat everything in the house these days-Patton shed almost as much as Beast had. The first box he opened was full of books, the ones he'd looked through when they had first started to move in and then never gotten around to actually putting on shelves. He'd been meaning to give Bucky that copy of
Tony rolled his head sideways, looking up at Steve with a slightly wobbly attempt at a smile. "You've already let me use your electricity. Would you mind giving me a hand up for that shower?"
He would have dismissed it as his imagination, but Redwing had mantled his feathers, let out a steam-whistle scream of offense, and taken off for the sky the moment the museum staff, and their box, had come within twenty feet of him. He had flatly refused Sam's suggestion that he come back down, projecting an impression of fear and disgust, and a mental image of the box distorted into the shape of a giant, evil-looking owl.
"The security alarms at the Met just went off. I'm pulling up video from their cameras now." Compared to hacking into SHIELD's systems, hijacking the museum's security cameras was child's play. The datafeeds popped up in his head, dozens of mental screens to sort through, and the spike of pain in his left temple was instantaneous.
He pulled the towel away, letting go of Tony's chin, and dropped it on the table. Pieces of hair were hanging in Tony's face; Steve reached up, without thinking, and brushed them out of the way.
All six-foot-two-inches of Steve were stretched out on the floor, his chin propped on one wrist as he stared under the couch — it was low enough to the floor that his arm only fit under it up to the elbow. It should have been funny, but the sounds of defensive fear coming from the cat made the hair on the back of Sam's neck stand up.
Clint had visited the emergency room in St. Vincent's on a number of occasions, both as a patient and as an actual visitor, but he'd never seen it this crowded. The waiting room was jammed with people who had been on the lower floors of the building the Meridian was in, waiting to have their blood tested; since the emergency room also had its usual complement of car accident survivors, mugging victims, people with the flu, and assorted runners up for the Darwin awards, they were low on the priority list and were probably going to have to wait a while.
Hank put the screwdriver down and turned to face Tony and Wanda; he wasn't smiling, exactly, but there was a sort of rueful amusement on his face. "I still don't know what Steve thought he was doing. I mean, I know Jan was still angry at me, and I can't really blame her, but..."
"Even if it means your marriage won't be legal anymore?" Sam raised his eyebrows, the question serious rather than challenging.
"He probably had the bird go for his eyes while he dove for his legs," Hank said, that little crease that meant he was thinking about some problem appearing between his eyebrows. She'd thought it was cute, once upon a time. It was still cute now, honestly. "If he got him in the back of the knees, he could have knocked him off balance easily, given the extra momentum the dive from several feet up would have given him. The original Black Knight did it to me once."
"Well, yeah," Tony admitted, "if booting me out over concern for my health didn't work when I was having open heart surgery, I doubt it will work now, but that's not going to stop them from trying."
She had clearly been spending too much time around Hank lately, if she was starting to come up with her own paranoid worries; with matters on the team as they stood, Hank was spending a lot of time hiding in the Tower's lab, and it was never good when Hank spent days in a lab completely unsupervised. He forgot to shower, for one thing.
Hank was having good luck with his research — amazingly good luck, if this gene thing was actually as big a discovery as Hank thought it was — and didn't have any immediate plans to hand it over to the government or build killer robots with it, and whatever was wrong with Tony, it wasn't the near-disaster that would utterly shatter Cap and destroy the team that Clint had been afraid of.
Tony stared at him, eyes wide, his expression shifting from confusion to a sort of frozen horror. "Oh God," he gasped hoarsely, pushing himself up and away from Steve. "I'm sorry. I'm sor-"
Coming to the mansion for the night had been a spur-of-the-moment decision. They weren't moving back in yet, not until Steve's still-yet-to-be-unpacked boxes had been brought over and Tony had had a chance to get the downstairs engineering lab set up; tonight was supposed to be a trial run, to see if the mansion was really habitable yet, and to give Tony a chance to have Steve all to himself, away from the rest of the team. He'd been looking forward to a chance to share a bed with Steve without waking up to find Jarvis's cat chewing on his hair.
There was no answer, except for a slight increase in the speed of the heart monitor's beeps. Tony was huddled in a ball in the middle of the bed, eyes open, apparently staring blankly into space. Or maybe, Steve thought, his eyes were fixed on something that no one else could see. At least they were blue, no sign of the scrolling computer code or black film that covered them when he was immersed in the Extremis. The hospital's equipment, if nothing else, was safe.
Things were so far from all right that Clint nearly wanted to laugh at that. "I slept with you while you were possessed, when you couldn't even tell me no, and then I left you there!" He felt weirdly conscious of the weight of her fingers on his sleeve, as if it were far more than the simple, friendly touch she meant it as.
Tony blinked, his mouth twitching into a half smile for a moment. "Huh. That's the first thing I thought of, too."
"I wasn't able to determine that," Strange said, answering Steve's question. He grimaced slightly, clearly not pleased to have to admit to ignorance about something. "Wanda herself is unsure when he began influencing her."
"You had enough to deal with," Steve said, feeling obscurely guilty. He'd thought of calling Tony, but couldn't bring himself to do it, hadn't wanted to be reminded of the destruction of his team at that point. "Your house had just burned down. And Rumiko…" he let the sentence trail off, not sure how to finish it. Rumiko and Tony had dated on and off for a couple of years; he wasn't sure if they'd been together when she had died, but it would have hurt Tony regardless. Tony hadn't needed the burden of Steve's problems on top of his own.
"Maybe we'll be lucky, and he'll just stay locked up in that church," Sam said. He glanced at Cap, and then both of them shook their heads slightly. "Or he'll find a way out, and we'll all be doomed."
Tony took Steve by the shoulders and, without breaking the kiss, pulled him downward until they were horizontal.
They didn't make any sense to Steve, either, but at least Tony seemed to realize that he hadn't been acting rationally, if not actually that he'd been wrong.
The cottage was drab inside, bland cream walls undecorated. Somehow, it didn't look like the kind of place she would live in; there ought to have been... more color?
The arrow caught in one of the joints of Doom's armor, the shield bounced off Strange's magical bindings — they were translucent, like glowing smoke, surely it should have passed through them — and then they were on Doom.
Hyde's fist slammed into Steve's shield, the impact rendering his entire right arm numb. She-Hulk's superhuman strength would be very useful right about now, he reflected. Too bad she had already left for California. Tony and Sam were busy with Atlas, and Jan was occupied flying in circles around Zemo's head to draw the fire from his rifle and Adhesive X gun while Wanda steadily transformed the Mansion's front lawn into a living, vengeful obstacle course around him.
But if it were him, if the Extremis were hacked again... Better death than to be used as a living weapon against the people he loved. He'd lived through that before, under Immortus's control, killing two women who had known and trusted him, and if one of the other Avengers had struck him down then, he would have welcomed it.
He wasn't sure which was stranger: the fact that his entire life could be packed away in a dozen boxes, or the fact that he'd once had so much
"It's a long and disturbing story," Tony said, closing his eyes again. He shifted slightly, wincing, and Hank once again fought the impulse to ask if Clint was
"Just stay calm, people." Steve stepped forward, raising the shield he had lowered when the last of the previous victims had slumped to the ground, fully human again. "You've been infected with an airborne toxin. Just stay still, and we'll get you the antidote." The breathing mask over his face muffled his voice, but he still managed to project calm authority.
"Nice creative problem solving," he gasped, as the first of the robots charged at them. "If this were real, you'd be on your own now."
Which was one way to refer to the couple of years after Odin had somehow erased Don out of existence, or separated him from Thor, or... Clint had absolutely no idea how the two of them worked, and never had. It was probably safer just not thinking about it too much.
Sharon said nothing, and for a moment, the memory of the last time she and Tony had been in close proximity to one another in one of SHIELD's medical facilities was so vivid that Tony could almost smell the blood.
He might not like it, but that had never stopped him from doing it – Tony had always been willing to stick to his planned course of action with maddening stubbornness if he thought it was necessary, even when said course of action was self-destructive and morally questionable. If he truly believed that an alliance with Loki was the only way to save the world, he would walk into the cathedral and pick up the spear himself to bring it out to her. Or he would have at least kept arguing a lot longer. The near-fight in the kitchen was probably as much about Tony's ingrained habit of playing devil's advocate as anything else.
There were times that Steve wondered exactly why Tony and Rhodey were friends, and then there were the times, like now, when he was reminded that they shared a deep and abiding love for things that went very fast, exploded, or both.
Chthon would not use her to harm anyone else she loved. Better to lived maimed and shattered, a shadow of her former self, than be a mindless puppet of evil. Better, if it came to it, not to live at all.
He hadn't wanted Steve's child, either, or to be married to him. It had been ridiculous to offer, to expect that he would.
"Yeah," Sam agreed. "I know. I couldn't get any answer from him when I called, or from Wong." Calling Strange was a shot in the dark at the best of times, since he rarely carried a cell phone and often spent months away from home. He also seemed to regard the internet with a baffled and vaguely intimidated disinterest that Sam didn't expect from someone who usually seemed convinced of his own omniscience.
He pulled his attention back to the task at hand, and slid the first of the vials under the lab's fume hood; he'd just gotten it open, his movements made agonizingly slow by the necessity of the vacuum chamber and the heavy gloves he had to work through, and extracted a sample for examination under a microscope, when Thor's deep voice echoed through the room.
When a still Goliath-sized Hank had pulled off Tony's helmet to reveal strangely unfamiliar masculine features, and announced that Tony was still alive, the wave of relief had been almost dizzying.
Loki's eyes narrowed. "No, that was you," she said sharply.  "You chose to work with her in the first place.  Now my spear is destroyed,
"I'm sure he wouldn't be that rude," Wong said, with the sound of a man who knew he was offering an empty promise. He brushed one finger gently across the back of Strange's bandaged left hand. "What was he touching, when he did this? Sometimes, if something's hot-"
Madigan shrugged. "That was part of his dream," he said, as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. When your father was M.O.D.O.K., maybe it was.
The Avengers were not going to contact Loki, or accept her help, and under no circumstances would she be getting her spear back. However, if she contacted them, they were all going to play nice, Thor included, and do their best not to give her a reason to fight them. Tony was right about that much, at least; they couldn't afford to fight a battle on two fronts right now, not when everything they had still might not be enough to face Chthon.
He didn't want to think so, but... "I almost ended up working for the Russians just because Natasha slept with me."
This one connected. The candles spilled over onto the rug, flame whooshing around them like a tiny, soundless explosion, sparks catching and leaping to flame all over the carpet and the drapes. The chances of the heavy, dust-laden velvet catching fire were slim, but not with Wanda's power evening the odds.
He surrendered the chair to her, reluctantly stepping back from Tony’s bedside, and watched for several endless minutes as Wanda held her bandaged hands over Tony’s even more heavily bandaged torso.
The screams from the corner suddenly stopped, and Jan looked over just in time to see her begin to run towards the broken window.
She probably would have said something in response to that, but Clint didn't stay to hear what it was. He didn't actually run out of the room, but when the elevator doors closed behind him, he felt as shaky and breathless as if he'd just finished a wildly out-of-control sprint.
"He didn't want to see anybody," Clint admitted. "He said he needed a little while to finish getting his head together."
Thor took a step back, clearly preparing to kick the door in, and Tony quickly over-rode the electronic lock with the Extremis and ordered it open.  Doom was going to do enough damage the Mansion without them adding to it.
Jan had never been able to bring herself to like birds. They were pretty, yes, but their cold reptilian eyes and scaly feet had been off-putting even before the first three times she'd almost been eaten by one. Sam's pet was no exception – he looked at her as if he knew that she could shrink down to the size of something edible and was merely waiting until Sam turned his back during a fight in order to grab a crunchy, Wasp-shaped snack.
While Wanda was one of the teammates he could trust to actually say those words without lying, years spent around Tony, Carol, and Nick – who had taken weeks to admit that he could no longer see out of his left eye after taking that piece of shrapnel in the face – had him automatically turning his head to check.
"We'll take the stairs to the top floor," Steve said, one finger tracing the line of the stairwell on the map.
Steve sat up, the cat leaping from his chest to the floor, where he paced back and forth, tail twitching in a series of offended little jerks.  Steve had clearly failed in his duties as cat furniture.
"Tony, have you talked to anyone about all of this?" Obviously not, or he wouldn't be huddled in the corner of Steve's shower.
Steve wished he could. "Yes," he said. "They've both been affected." First Tony and then Jan, and there was nothing he could do to remedy it. By the time the Avengers had gotten the call, they would have already been exposed. "I don't- I don't know what it's doing to them."
It probably did. He looked pale, eyes bloodshot and his face still bruised from whatever had happened to him during the attack on the mansion.  Had that really been less than forty-eight hours ago?
Don went limp, everything around him knocked out of focus.  Something slammed into his thigh with numbing force, and then he was flying.
The smoke swallowed them, diffusing the two beams of energy into a broad, glowing cloud, then parted, revealing Harkness still chanting, completely untouched. Her eyes had begun to glow white, the way Wanda's had when Chthon had possessed her.
“Then why didn’t you?”  It wasn’t very tactful, and as soon as Clint asked, he wished he could take the words back.
Red Skull. Even dead twice over, he was still reaching out from his well-deserved grave to try and destroy people Steve loved.
Cap kept his eyes focused straight ahead, not bothering to look at Clint. "You were stabbed in the arm with a fork, and your leg is bleeding."
The last time Tony had seen her, she had been hovering in mid-air, surrounded by the hectic red light of chaos magic. Now she looked... normal. For months he'd been inwardly dreading the necessity of having to deal with her one day, amnesia and supposedly vanished powers or not, and coming face to face with her now felt strangely anti-climatic. No potentially world-destroying showdown, no lives at risk, no need to make any impossible choices.
"Remember," She-Hulk called over the scream of jet noise, as the quinjet redirected its thrust and went into hover mode directly overhead, coming slowly down for a landing, "when Tony gets off the plane, whatever you do, don't laugh."
Hank looked up, setting aside the tiny screwdriver he'd been about to open the spectrometer's instrument panel with. "That's a good point," he said. "Remember how the clone's innate supernatural abilities interfered with Reed's mind control device?"
Clint dropped his eyes back to his hands; Wanda obviously wasn't comfortable with the tattoos, or she wouldn't keep wearing gloves over them. Staring at them felt... invasive.
Pink light flickered over them, and her face tightened.  He was about to order her to stop, sure she was hurting herself, when she muttered something in Transian, and then, “It’s corrupted.  I think if I-“ the light around her hands flared brighter, and Tony’s entire body pulsed with it for a fraction of a second.
"I've been keeping track of the news all day," Tony went on. "Nobody else has a clue what happened, either. If anyone at SHIELD does, they're being careful not to say so within reach of any electronic devices, and not to let anyone on the Helicarrier type the first syllable about it."
Which brought her back to her real reason for coming down here. "I saw Atlas knock you flying," she said, "before you started using your powers. Are you all right?"
"No, but left and counterclockwise have symbolic importance in more than one system of magic, left hands are ritually unclean in multiple cultures, and this is not important." Wanda stabbed a finger at Clint reprovingly, and he turned back to his phone conversation, shifting to put his back to them again.
"Is that a challenge?" Tony drawled. "I could make some kind of joke about stamina if you want. Or the part where you just offered to blow me, but I think that might be too easy."
Tony resisted the impulse to tug at the IV in the crook of his left arm — he must have still been dazed when they'd put it in, or he'd have reminded the doctors that he was left handed and it would be his right arm with tubes and needles stuck in it — and ignored the fact that what he most wanted to do at the moment was lie back down on the depressingly familiar infirmary bed and close his eyes.  "Have you tried pin-pointing their locations with their communicators?"
The important thing, Tony told himself, was to be calm. He could fall apart later, after he'd broken the news to Steve - at least, that half-hysterical part of his mind whispered, he'd get to stay with Steve, if he was stuck this way. For what time he had left anyway. "So I'm sterile," he said, managing to keep his voice steady with surprisingly little effort, "and I'm somehow turning even female than I already am, and I'm going to have a heart attack if you change me back?" On second thought, he should probably break things off with Steve now, before his heart got any worse.
"Ms. Van Dyne is still unconscious," Nurse McCall said. "Her vital signs are strong, though. Mr. Stark has regained consciousness, but there are some anomalies..." she trailed off, then looked at Cap. "I don't suppose you know anything about the metal that's lacing his entire skeleton, or why he doesn't have any scarring consistent with the extensive open-heart surgery his medical record lists?"
Steve closed his eyes for a moment, then opened them again and reached down to brush a piece of damp hair away from Tony's face.
"I have no freakin' clue how she got there!" Sam Wilson's voice came loudly from the open door of the communications room, making the cat go low and dash out of sight. "Redwing was watching the outside of the building, and he never saw her."
"I understand that, but before we get to that, I'd like your permission to restrain Mr. Stark. Before he became non-responsive, he pulled all of his IV lines and monitor feeds out, and there's still a chance that he might become violent."
Right now, though, it felt obscurely comforting to have Cap stride in and take charge of things. It was something familiar, something Wanda had thought that she had lost forever, during those few brief hours when she had believed that Cap was dead.
Wanda had had her powers for her entire life; they were a part of her, not some new, technologically implanted addition. And Hank's size changing, while not an inherent ability, had been a part of him for as long as the armor had been a part of Tony. It hadn't always worked properly, just like Tony and old Shellhead hadn't always gotten along smoothly, but it was his.
On second thought, Tony pinned underneath him, panting, his lips parted and his skin streaked with sweat was not actually any better than Tony straddling him. It didn't help that Tony was acting more like his old self than Steve had seen in over a year; not just the way he had before the transformation, but the way he had before the serious drinking had started, before the bizarre lashing out of the armor wars. It was as if Steve had suddenly been given his best friend back.
Tony shook his head, shrugged. The movement was stiff, lacking the grace he usually had. "I was sleeping with a hair dresser."
Sin kicked Clint in the chest, sending him flying back nearly ten feet to land on his back.  She swung around, gesturing sharply with the spear again, and one of the giant concrete planters the city had installed down the center of the street lurched into the air.
There were times when Tony really loved other engineers. He stood, unobtrusively gripping the back of his chair as he did so, and ushered everyone else out of the conference room with a big, fake smile plastered over his face. Then he closed the door firmly behind DeFalco and sagged against the wall, pressing one hand to his stomach.
"I'm driving," Tony informed Rhodey, reaching for the driver's side door before Rhodey could. He had to take the shoes off to do it, but damn it, he'd surrendered enough of his masculinity tonight as it was. Getting to drive a sports car from a Bond movie through Manhattan was minimal comfort, but at least it was something.
Steve's lips twitched, but he didn't smile. "You can critique my dating skills some time when you're not bleeding all over our new kitchen floor," he told Barnes. He set the first aid kit on the table with a thump, and flipped it open, pulling out hydrogen peroxide and a roll of gauze. "This kit isn't equipped to handle serious injuries. I think we should-"
It wasn't difficult work, by any means. It was just, as a rule, deeply boring. On the other hand, boring meant that nobody in New York was trying to blow anything up, which was always a plus.
"That possibility has been considered," Tony said carefully. There was no tactful or friendly way to tell her that SHIELD had had plans to kill her if she re-surfaced and was judged to still be a global threat, or that the Illuminati had discussed meting out to Wanda the same treatment they had to the Hulk – eliminating the threat she represented by sending her off planet or to another dimension, as far away as they could, and, if that was not possible, killing her.
All that trouble, for a project that hadn't been half as interesting as the last thing he'd worked on for SHIELD. Just the thought of the hours of arguing to come made him feel tired, the adrenaline he'd worked up already draining out of him. Maybe if he thought of himself as the Glenn Curtiss of the computing world, valiantly defending his aircraft designs against unfair patent suits, today would be less boring.
"You tried your best. You couldn't have known that she was possessed, and with Chthon's power animating her, I don't think one person alone would have been enough to take her out."
Daredevil looked away, and Wanda felt an odd sense of relief to have the opaque red plastic of his mask's eyeholes leave her. There was something unnerving about how steadily and intently he
His hands looked small now, delicate, with long, thin fingers that didn't look like they belonged to him. The tiny red burn he'd given himself last week welding a new faceplate onto his helmet was still there, though, halfway down the length of his left index finger.
Not that SHIELD didn't solve problems by making people quietly disappear even now, but Steve had far more faith in Nick Fury's ability to make that judgment call than he had in the people who had been pulling HUSAC's strings. Not everyone involved with Registration or with the Initiative could have been as innocent of the true identity of Representative Dickstein's silent sponsor as they'd claimed. Whether they'd believed him to be Aleksander Lukin or known that he was the Red Skull, some of them had still had to know that he wasn't who he claimed to be. Known, and not cared, just as they hadn't cared about the innocent people shut away in extra-dimensional prisons, or the black ops program that had wanted to start a new super soldier project, with methods reminiscent of the Weapon X program. Or of the original Project Rebirth – unwilling or deliberately under-informed human test subjects had been part of that, too.
"Yes, Clint," Steve cut him off quickly before he could mention Hank and Tony making out again. "I got that part already. Hasn't Wanda tried-"
Tony forced down the instinct that insisted that he go help his teammates and brought his repulsor gauntlets up, aiming for Harkness. If she succeeding in raising Chthon, none of their lives would be worth a red cent anyway.
Tony had killed someone. In the armor. Killing someone with his repulsor gauntlets was what started the downward spiral that nearly killed him in the first place; Steve would have sworn any oath someone cared to name that Tony would never willingly use his armor to kill again, not unless other people's lives were at stake.
Steve closed his eyes again and went limp, trying to catch his breath.  Not real, he told himself.  Bucky was fine; he'd seen him just a few hours ago.  There was no smoke, no blood, nothing wrong with his lungs, and whatever Doom had done to bring him back, it hadn't been like that.  He didn't remember it, couldn't remember it.  He'd been dead.
Tony turned sideways, using his left forearm to block Steve's punch. The follow-up jab at his stomach, heavily pulled so that all it did was hurt rather than bruise internal organs or crack ribs, he unfortunately missed.
Maybe it was good that he couldn't remember the entire thing very clearly. At least his vivid memories of her naked body and the vague idea that it had been pleasant were all he'd taken away from it, and he didn't actually know what Wanda was like in bed. That would have been... wrong. Even more personal than the things he did remember.
"I'm sure," Clint interrupted. "She brought me back from the dead. And then I-" he broke off, looking uncomfortable. "I don't know. I don't think I can make a rational decision here."
Last night's confrontation with Sin and her followers had been unsatisfying, ending as it had in a stalemate — they had recovered the grimoire, but she had fled. Now, they waited while Tony attempted to determine the maker of the device she had used to escape, and the grimoire sat in one of the museum's temperature controlled vaults under lock and key while they arranged to have it transported to the Avengers Mansion, where any further attempts by Sin to obtain possession of it could be more easily thwarted and would not put the museum's people or property at risk.
"Get out of my way!" Hank yelled at Atlas, shoving himself back to his feet with a wince Tony could see even from twelve feet up in the air.
"I know, I know," Tony said, waving the little metal tweezers dismissively. "You're right; he'd be good at training people. Plus, he believes in being a part of something, like you two."
"You will address me as Doom," he said, not acknowledging her reference to the Red Skull. "Synthia." If he humored her delusions about hearing her deceased father's voice in her head, they would be here all morning. While it was just possible that the cosmic cube could have allowed the Red Skull to enter her body after the death of Aleksander Lukin, the man who had served as his previous host, such a possession would have left some form of magical residue. Lukin's possession had been nearly impossible to detect if one had not been looking for it, for Doom
"It was like that fear toxin thing all over again, huh?" the EMT asked. He folded his skinny frame down to peer at one of the victims, frowning, then turned to his partner. "DeSoto, can I get some help with a stretcher?"
Hill was frowning, visibly uncomfortable, though whether it was over his conversation with Sharon or being forced to listen to the gory details of Tony's health problems, he wasn't sure. "You do that. We'll handle the Doom angle. Agent Carter, I want you to go and talk to the personnel monitoring the Latverian Embassy. Get all their data from the past month; I want people going over it with a fine-toothed comb. I'm going to call Dugan. Madripoorian civil war or not, we need one of them back here."
"I don't think that will be necessary-" subordinate number one began, only to be interrupted by subordinate number two's eager,
He turned the final corner sharply enough to pull almost half a negative G, and nearly ran directly into Thor's armored chest.
gone – Don and Hank glaring at one another in icy silence, or sniping nastily at each other, would only have made what was already going to be an excruciating conversation worse. Thor had made his feelings for Hank plain, and Tony as well, and Don not only tended to agree with the big guy, he was significantly bitchier as well. Obviously, the entire stock of sarcasm, spite, and passive aggressiveness that ought to have been split evenly between the two of them had all gone to Don Blake, with none left over for Thor.
She hadn't meant to mention that when she described the situation to Agatha, but once she had started talking, everything came pouring out. After all, this was Agatha, her first teacher, the one who had encouraged her to create the twins in the first place. If anyone would understand how much watching Tony's obvious misery over his pregnancy and relief at the prospect of getting an abortion hurt, it would be her.
Jan wondered how he felt about the fact that Wanda was about to get off that plane. Things had been awkward with them, since Vision had been disassembled and rebuilt, so awkward that their marriage had fallen apart, and even though Vision had regained the ability to feel emotion, he had claimed that he was over Wanda, that their marriage was a thing of the past. Jan sincerely doubted that was actually true, but with Vision, it was sometimes hard to tell. He had the best poker face of anyone she had ever met.
He had expected Tony's assistant to try to bar him entrance, and was taken off guard when Pepper Potts-Hogan smiled grimly at him and waved him inside. "Good, it's one of you guys. Go right in. Maybe you can talk some sense into him."
"I remember that." Hank had grown to nearly thirty feet, the tallest he'd ever grown at that point, and the impact of his body with the street had actually made the ground shake. It had also taken out part of a building that the team had then had to pay for, the first in a long line of bills for property damage that the Avengers had received from the city. Hank had been black and blue from his shoulders to his knees, afterwards.
This entire process would be exponentially faster if he could use the Extremis to access SHIELD's computers and satellite data rather than having to go about everything the long way, or if the mansion's computers were still in working order — not that he'd have been able to use them, with Steve being so ridiculously overprotective.
"It wouldn't even have to be her fault," Sam repeated. "Like I said, he could have planted suggestions in her head."
"We don't need spectators right now," Hank announced, kicking Bobbi's foot out of the way and trying to close the medical center's door. She-Hulk planted one big, perfectly manicured hand against the center of the door and stopped it before it could shut completely.
Carol's voice shouted something obscene in her ear, and Wanda went limp and tried to calm down.  She'd been rescued, not attacked.
Tony leaned his head back against the back of the couch, closing his eyes, and Steve could see the pulse beating in the long line of his throat. "Sometimes I hate my job." He paused, then his mouth twisted into something that wanted to be a smile but didn't quite make it. "God, that sounds whiney. Ignore me; I'm just tired."
Having his cybernetic connection to the armor hacked, and used to control him, had put paid to that little fantasy — he'd turned himself into a living weapon, and weapons could always fall into the wrong hands. It had been a mistake to forget that.
"It doesn't matter," Tony said., throat suddelnly tight so that speaking was almost painful. "I can't do this. I'm not doing this."
"Because that's the creepiest 1984 thing I've ever heard of," Clint told him honestly. It was bad enough that you could test for a normal X gene. Testing for anybody that might possibly be able to have powers was like one of those anti-superhuman crazies' wet dreams. "So it's just painkillers and not, I don't know, something really heavy-duty? That they give you when you have cancer or inoperable brain tumors or something?"
Steve  had never heard MJ sing before; given that she'd had several small  parts on Broadway, it shouldn't have been surprising that she was good.   Peter had told them all at great length about how wonderful she was  when he'd proudly announced tonight's performance at breakfast every  morning for the past three days, but he wasn't exactly an unbiased  witness.
him nervously rubbing the back of his neck with one hand. "I don't want you to do anything dangerous."
The bolts attaching the chain to the wall gave with a violent jolt, Hank yelped as some part of him brushed the energy grid, and Don was suddenly dangling from one arm.
"Until something happens, or Strange figures out a way to get Chthon out of there. Can you feel anything? Any energy coming from the building?"
Admitting to both of them that she might have been influencing things around her without meaning to was... she had nearly mentioned the subject several times, but had never quite been able to make herself do it.
"Prosecuting him for his crimes would cause an international diplomatic incident with Latveria," Steve said. His arm was a warm weight over Tony's shoulders, and after a brief internal debate, Tony had given in and let himself rest his head on Steve's shoulder and enjoy it. What use was being a woman if he couldn't use it as an excuse to cuddle with Steve in semi-public? "Latveria and its allies would see it as a declaration of war," Steve went on. From his tone of voice, he didn't actually find the idea of a UN peacekeeping force invading Latveria an unpleasant one.
"The Eye of Agamotto detected no trace of the curse," Strange said, fingering the enormous gemstone he wore around his neck. "You are completely free of the influence of chaos magic."
Steve had always enjoyed watching Tony work; how intensely focused he got, how dexterous those long, callused fingers were... and the fact that Tony occasionally started talking to his lab equipment or to half-assembled pieces of machinery never failed to amuse him.
At the same moment, the last Doombot, still wildly flailing around as its processor ground to a halt, crashed through Sin's men, knocking them aside like bowling pins, and
Wong nodded. "Including stab wounds. I believe it was the nature of the chaos magic in the spear. Chaos magic can only be safely accessed if the caster follows one of a number of complicated rituals. If Stephen tried to use it without those precautions..." he trailed off, looking grim.
"You have no idea how silly I feel flying on a commercial airline," Carol said, as she snatched her final bag from the luggage carousel. She was wearing jeans and a tight black t-shirt, stuff that wouldn't be wrinkled or otherwise ruined by sitting on a plane for hours, and her long, blonde hair was pulled back in a ponytail.
She took a sip of her tea. It was tepid now - she had been holding the cup for at least fifteen minutes, not drinking, just letting it warm her hands. Under the sugar, it had a bitter aftertaste. "He does hold himself to a high standard," she admitted. "It's driving him crazy that we haven't been able to break the curse on Tony. We thought at first that the... pregnancy... meant that it was evolving, tightening its hold, but it turned out to be a trap Loki had built into the spell all along." She shook her head. "Loki likes double-crosses and traps, but his spells are never that complex. Strange suspects another sorcerer's hand in it, and I agree. Something about the spell feels... familiar."
"Avengers Tower," he said, already preparing for round four of the "no, we will not be giving any interviews until all of the libel suits have been settled," argument.
He was pretty sure that if Pepper had been around during the past couple of years, rather than taking a well deserved break, he wouldn't have lost the company and had to scramble to get it back. He was never, ever going to tell her that, though. It would make it sound like he was blaming her for leaving, when all the blame lay squarely on his own shoulders.
"He's also been helping me investigate and attempt to unravel a curse that's been placed on one of my teammates. It's an extremely powerful curse, and Strange has more raw power than I do, so if anyone can break it..."
Wanda and Tony looked up with twin startled expressions. Then Tony looked away, misery clear in every line of his body.
Talk show.  Talk show.  Some kind of soap opera in Spanish.  CNN showing the same news bites he’d already seen an hour ago and the hour before that.  Fox promising to reveal how prescription drugs would give you cancer.  Commercial.  Commercial.  Commercial in Spanish.  Something in Japanese that a normal tv wouldn’t even be able to pick up on this side of the planet.  Four different ESPN channels that were all reporting on sports no one cared about like golf and tennis.
. Jan was always in control, always together, always strong. It was one of the things he had always admired about her.
"Yes," Tony said grimly. "I remember." The clone of Thor had been skin-crawlingly wrong. Tony had expected it to be familiar in some way, to be essentially the same man as the friend he had lost, albeit with no memories of its own. Deep down, some stupid, irrational part of him had hoped that the clone would open his eyes and be
"Want  me to get you another drink?" Tony offered, indicating Steve's empty  glass.  Almost before Steve could say yes, he had scooped up both his  and Steve's empty glasses and was up and walking towards the bar.   "Coke, right?" he asked over his shoulder.
Hank, at least, could explain why his various attempts to turn Tony back over the past twelve hours had failed, and every failure gave them more information on Tony's condition, and hopefully brought them closer to fixing it. Wanda, on the other hand, just frowned, stared at him, and performed a series of incomprehensible hand gestures, accompanied by muttered comments in English and Transian. Then nothing would happen, and she would do it again, with slightly different gestures and occasional flickers of pink light.
"But..." Tony shook his head; the thought of Agatha Harkness, Reed Richard's friend, Wanda's mentor, as an ally of Loki just didn't make sense. "Why would she care who ruled Asgard?"
The cathedral looked just as benign the second time around, but this time the bare branches of the tree caught Jan's eye. The trees in Central Park were still a riot of fall color.
"Tony," Steve said, almost in his ear. "I know you can hear me. Put the tools down and talk to me, please?"
"It's like that," Tony said. He was gripping the handle of his briefcase hard enough that his fingers were starting to hurt, he realized. He made himself loosen his grasp, and tried one more time to access one of the cut-off datafeeds. Once again, no luck. "You can't tell, afterwards, how much of it was the mind control and how much was you." Or at least, he hadn't been able to tell, when Immortus had been influencing him. When the Extremis had been hacked, his memory had been wiped after every instance of mind-control, leaving him with large blocks of missing time, and Ultron's mind-control had worked the same way. But with Immortus...
Strange would be able to tell her the answer to that, she knew, but she didn't want to ask. She already felt uneasily as if she were betraying Agatha by seeking out training from another sorcerer. She wasn't going to ask Strange to second-guess Agatha's advice. Whatever answer he gave, it wouldn't make losing the twins any easier. Would knowing that it was her own fault, or that Agatha had encouraged her to try to create them too soon be worse, or knowing that it had been a forlorn hope, an impossible task that no witch or sorceress would have been able to successfully complete?
Thor flung himself at her again, holding her back as Tony and Jan charged Sin.  "Neither of you shall triumph," he snarled.
God, he'd missed this. Steve wouldn't spar with him anymore, wouldn't talk shop with him unless it was directly related to the business at hand. This, this was what he'd needed to feel normal again.
The crystal of contemplation was heavy, carved from a single piece of rose quartz with one milky-white flaw near its center. Wanda sat cross-legged on Strange's thick oriental rug and closed her eyes, rolling the crystal between her hands and trying to relax, to let her hex powers fill her without actually using them. Ensuring that the power she called up didn't begin to warp chance and probability out of true around her took a significant amount of concentration.
call him in for help in a fight, and while Tony had repeatedly stated that he was prepared to find a different place to stay if Steve didn't want him in the Mansion, the Avengers Mansion was Tony's
Barnes glanced down at the map he had spread across the table in front of him — it looked like a Department of Buildings map, but Tony suspected that it contained a great deal of information the DoB didn't have access to — and frowned slightly.  "There are six possible locations in that area."
Steve swallowed, his throat suddenly so tight that it hurt.  “You nearly died.”  His voice grated, low and hoarse.  “Your heart stopped on the operating table.  They- they got it started again, but-“
Carol grabbed for her, her fingers closing around the woman's densely muscled upper arms, and got the hard barrel of the handgun jammed into her stomach for her efforts.  It, too, misfired.
She tossed copper curls over her shoulder, pouting again. "I still don't see why I can't just kill the lawyer for you."
Tony wouldn't have traded away the outcome of Steve's reaction for anything, but still... On the other hand, it had made his crying-and-hallucinating experience last month marginally less humiliating, since whatever he'd said or done under the influence of A.I.M.'s toxin probably wasn't anything Steve hadn't seen before.
"Because it's not funny," Steve said — shouted, really. The labs were soundproofed; he could yell as loudly as he wanted. He took a step closer to Tony, into his personal space, where Tony would have to look up fractionally to meet Steve's eyes. "And we didn't stop you. You stopped yourself. When you're determined to destroy yourself, you don't let anything get in your way, especially not the people who care about you."
She'd gone to him for protection, expecting him to wave a hand and solve all her problems, secure in the knowledge that the Sorcerer Supreme was the one person she wouldn't endanger with her presence. She should have known better.
"Thank  you," Tony said, and Steve could feel him relax slightly.  He'd never  understood Tony's apparently need to continually test himself, either  around alcohol, or by continually pushing himself past his limits.
"So, that race is still on, right?" Tony. His new voice, hovering between soprano and alto, still didn't sound right to Steve. "After all, you did promise to
"What, those?" Steve grinned back, knowing the expression didn't look particularly friendly. "Iron Man tracked them all down ages ago. You shouldn't have routed the countdown signal through a satellite."
This time, she didn't expend all her energy, only most of it.  The combined force of half a dozen blasts from his energy gun incinerated the remains of Doom's cloak and blew his metal face-mask clean off.
Sharon looked distinctly unimpressed.  "This kind of thing is why we broke up," she said, looking back over her shoulder at Tony.  "More than once."
Her powers flooded back into her, and she staggered to her feet, slamming up magical shields the way Agatha – the real Agatha – had taught her. "Get out of my head," she snarled. "And stay out."
Nurse McCall gave him a level look. "It's a puncture wound. At the very least, you'll need to have it disinfected, if not stitched up. And you really ought to get a tetanus shot."
Tony coughed faintly, then moaned, his eyes closing again.  “Hurts,” he whispered.  “Worse than being shot.  Ow.”
There was a sudden flash of pain in her arm as the woman rounded on her and sank the salad fork she was still clutching into her forearm. Then she was free, and running for the window again, shattering the already cracked glass with one shoulder and falling through it.
"I didn't do it on purpose!" Wanda's voice was rough, almost shrill. "Clint knows that. Tony and Cap know that. I've tried to tell Simon, but he won't talk to me – your girlfriend hung up on me when I called."
Tony had decided to plow through this with the same angry ruthlessness he'd shown the people who'd taken his armor, except this time, that anger was directly at himself, and probably also at Steve. Steve couldn't imagine a loss of control greater than this. Tony was never going to forgive him.
, and Tony struggling to find words to explain, when even that took energy he didn't seem to have, and knowing that no explanation would be enough – and he didn't like to think about it too hard or too often.
Could he hear how irrational he sounded? How abrupt and shrill his voice had gotten? Did he even realize it?
There was a tiny burn on Steve's chest, a dark pinprick on one of the blue scales. A spark must have hit him while Tony was working on the armor. If he looked down at his own arms, Tony knew, he would probably see more small burns; he barely noticed them at this point, after years of metal working. Most of them healed in a few days, without scarring.
"I, um, sure," Hank said, snatching up the deep green pillow and carrying it over to her. He held it out toward her like an offering.
Tony stared at her in horror, feeling sick in a way that even the discovery that he was pregnant hadn't equaled.
Loki made a faint, pleased humming noise, and her smile deepened. "I am the rotten ice that breaks under men's feet. I am the fire that burns the hand that wields it. Betrayal is my nature. Just as it is yours." She pulled her hand free of Doom's and straightened from her slouch against the table, closing what little distance there was between them in a single step. "Take off the mask, and let me look on the face of the man who will rule at my side."
Don stepped forward before he could, taking Tony by the arm and leading him away from the quinjet, asking Hank a series of questions that were mostly inaudible from where Steve was standing.
"You left for DC," Steve said. He pressed an open-mouthed kiss on the corner of Tony's jaw, and slid his hand from behind Tony's neck, moving it to rest warm and solid on the center of Tony's chest. "I don't think we've thoroughly tested it."
"That will be nice," Tony said vaguely. Steve wasn't entirely sure if that was a real answer, or if Tony had just hit that point of exhaustion where he would agree with whatever you said because processing human speech had become too difficult.
"So," Sam said, after considering that for a second, "are you going to have one of those sword bridge things?"
Jarvis probably assumed that Clint was either going to ask some embarrassing medical question, or talk about his sex life in vivid, over-sharing detail, or both, because he cleared his throat, thanked Don again for the restaurant recommendation, and took his leave.
Clint was lying on the ground, flat on his back, eyes closed.  Just beyond him, Jan and Doom were throwing punches at both one another and one of Chthon's Doombot puppets.  As Wanda watched, Jan ripped the robot's head off and threw it at Doom.  The Doombot stumbled backwards, Chthon's power still animating it even though the circuitry controlling its AI had to be shredded, and Wanda automatically brought her hands up.  A small burst of chaos was all it would take to shift the Doombot's path away from Clint, keep it from falling on him.
The alert jolted Tony out of a sound sleep, the Extremis sending it ringing through his skull and flashing the data against the backs of his eyes.
Tony rubbed one hand over his face, smearing the engine grease even further. "We need to have Wanda take a look at that book; we can't afford to wait until Strange gets back from wherever he's run off to. Doom wouldn't waste his time on it if it weren't useful to him."
Sam was smirking at him. "I did not trip over my shield. I have never tripped over my shield." That one time back when he'd been staying in Sam's apartment didn't count; he'd only stumbled slightly, not actually tripped. Unfortunately, Sam had been there to see it.
"Does it matter?" Tony shrugged one shoulder. "Like I told Steve, just be glad you have a second chance."
," Tony interrupted. "I haven't touched the damn thing despite how much easier it would make getting through the work day or how much it means to our ability to monitor Chthon's effect in the city. You said my word was good enough for you, so stop asking!"
"If I have to be back-up, I need to at least be well-informed back-up, or I'm no use to you guys at all." Hank looked away, arms folded across his chest. Pointing out that Hank himself had been the one who'd put the 'support and back-up only' conditions on his return to the Avengers roster would have been needlessly cruel, especially since doing so had been one of the first pieces of responsible self-restraint Hank had shown in a while.
He reached up to cup the side of Steve's face, leaning in until their lips were only inches apart and
“A lot,” Steve said flatly.  They were both being far too blasé about this, he thought distantly.  As if this were old hat.
Jan wouldn't have thrown them out or killed them, would she? Maybe she'd let them go outside. It would have been perfectly safe to do so. They had only been
