"Seriously?" The woman asked, now looking insulted. "Of course I am. Who the hell else would it be?"
“I need you,” Dean muttered into Castiel’s neck, barely able to speak as they continued their light frottage.
“Yeah,” Dean said, propping his head on Castiel’s shoulder. “They just won’t be about our babies growing up. Remember when Claire went through her daredevil phase, and we had to ban her from using the staircase for anything other than going up and down the normal way?” Dean said, chuckling as he pointed to the banner and its multiple dings and gouges, the signs of being replaced obvious on five different spires.
The picture Dean had sent showed him and Castiel in the backseat of the Impala, both naked, and obviously sex ruffled. It had cut off right before anything x-rated could be seen, but it was easy to tell from the positioning of Dean’s arm that his hand was on, and most likely squeezing, Castiel’s ass. The smug look on the angel’s face almost seemed to confirm it.
“Fuck yes,” Dean replied, his hands immediately going to Castiel’s erection, which had become much more obvious once it was freed from the tight confines of his pants. “Shit, you’re big,” Dean muttered, but the angel could barely hear him over the loud moan he let out.
Dean let Cas drive on the way back to the bunker, saying it was because he was barefoot, but they both knew. He snuggled against the angel the entire ride home, too exhausted to say much, but too happy to need to say much.
“Get a room!” Sam jeered, and for once Dean didn’t bitch him out for it. Instead, he grabbed Cas by the hand and dragged the angel towards his bunker bedroom.
“Sorry, wasn’t thinking,” Dean admitted sheepishly. “But yeah, that spell Gabe gave you to get your taste buds back, it’s still working, right?” He asked, walking over to where the angel was sitting, carry a grocery bag with other colorful bags of candy inside. A lot more bags, judging by how heavy and bulging the bag looked.
"Of course, Dean," Castiel almost stuttered. His bravery, having not yet jumped ship, pushed him to ask, "Wanna start with lunch?"
“Emma, get back here or so help me,” the man standing next to him shouted suddenly, startling Castiel. A blonde girl who looked to be in kindergarten grinned guiltily, then skipped back over to him. But Castiel was too busy staring at the man to give the girl much mind. He had brown hair that almost looked blond in the sun, and the most amazing green eyes Castiel had ever seen. He looked like he easily could’ve gone into modeling. The freckles scattered over his face managed to make him seem down to earth, though.
Cas nuzzled into Dean’s neck, sighing happily. “I love you too, Dean. And I’ll try to not take things as literally next time.”
Sam looked up from his phone as he heard the bunker door slam. "Dean?" He called, even though he already knew the answer. Not waiting for a reply, he asked "How'd the hunt go?"
“What is it?” Jack asked, looking just as amazed by this little turkey bone as he had been by the enormous meal, and everything else about the holiday.
“Good, I don’t have to teach you all the stuff you were already supposed to know,” Castiel said with a laugh, though after saying it he crossed his mental fingers that none of his bosses heard that. Insulting the teaching staff at the agency in front of the talent might actually be a fireable offense, and again, Castiel liked being capable of paying his rent.
“That’s great, Dean, I’m so happy for you,” Sam said, trying a little too obviously to not stare at the enjoined hands.
Well, here goes nothing (except an entire Saturday afternoon wasted). At least he’d thought enough to bring his sketchpad to help ease the boredom. He hadn’t needed reference pictures for most animals since he was still in high school, so he was going to draw up a rough draft of his next full sized, not-on-kitschy-wood painting. He already had a spot in his basement/painting studio that it would look absolutely awesome in.
Blushing more than he had the entire time combined, Dean shuffled his feet. "I was just thinking, well, that I loved talking to you and all, and they, umm, there was never anything mentioned about dating being not allowed and all, and, well, I was thinking, maybe," Dean stuttered.
Dean looked so pathetically broken that it was all Castiel could do to respond by leaning in to kiss him gently on the mouth. When he pulled back, he smiled reassuringly. “I forgive you, Dean,” he said, and Dean’s face relaxed. “I forgive you this time, but next time, you should remember to listen to me,” he reprimanded his boyfriend. “If I tell you that the King of Hell is flirting with you, it’s because I know that he is. Don’t doubt me on things like this.”
The dark haired hottie chuckled, which only made Dean crush on him even harder. “Of course I can,” he replied, then held out his hand. “I’m Castiel, but you can call me Cas,” he said as they shook.
Dean smiled and kissed the angel on his cheek. “Good,” he said, then he paused. “Wait, did you shave your legs for this?”
But lately, Dean couldn’t seem to keep his feelings in check. He was usually so good at stuffing anything he didn’t want to deal with down deep, and if it tried to resurface he’d just drink a few cold ones and go beat the crap out of a monster or two, and his denial was sated. But lately, Cas just… was he always so good looking?
moment for a few more seconds, I can break this thing and escape so I don’t have to listen to it,” Sam said grumpily from the floor, spreading things around the little statue of two people hugging, from what Dean could tell. At least he was going to pretend the statue people were only hugging, since it was his brother that cast the spell.
Going back to some slow deepthroating, Dean used his tongue to touch as many happy spots along the way in and back out again. Cas was gasping, writhing in exquisite ecstasy, and Dean couldn't have felt prouder.
“I’m ready,” Dean finally said, moaning as Castiel moved his three fingers around comfortably. “Fuck me, Cas.”
“Of course, sweetie,” he gave in. They’d been running errands all day, and the hot July sun had been making things twenty times more miserable for the omega. But there was really no helping it. His mate and Claire’s alpha father, Mick, had died almost a year ago, but Castiel was still struggling. It was hard enough for an omega by themselves to get by most of the time, but adding in a child to care for made it that much more difficult.
Dean blinked a couple times before he realized that he was on the floor of the cabin, with Cas holding onto him tightly. And… “Shit!” He shouted, his voice sounding as normal as it had every other day. “The spell! It stopped!” He crawled out of Cas’ lap and stood up, glad to be over six feet tall for probably the first time in his life. “I’m a guy! I’m me again!” It was only then that he realized what those ripping sounds had been, as he felt the breeze on his naked legs. He looked down at the shreds of jeans and torn chunks of boot at his feet, and the stretched very thin underwear that was barely keeping him from being completely naked from the waist down, as the destroyed bra fell from under his t-shirt when he moved. He groaned in annoyance, then turned to glare at Cas, who had just started giggling.
Standing up, Cas offered Dean his trenchcoat. With a nod of thanks, Dean put it on and buttoned it to cover up his lack of pants. Then he looked over at Cas, who looked back at him with hope in his expression. “I still love you, Cas,” he said as soon as his brain caught up with things.
“I’m gonna kiss Cas now,” Dean warned his brother. “So I suggest you go hide for a few hours if you don’t want to watch. And maybe stay hidden for a few weeks, or until I’m willing to forgive you for that stupid spell.”
Castiel mumbled something about checking in on Dean, though from the looks of it, both of the hunters were too absorbed in their books to even notice him leaving. He stepped out the front door, and once he spotted the Impala, walked in that direction. The hood was propped up, and Dean was leaning halfway into the motor, doing his Father only knew what to the engine, but everything else seemed to stop existing when he saw the expanse of Dean's back that was uncovered as his t-shirt and flannel shirt rode up from his awkward positioning. The positioning was so awkward, in fact, that part of his jeans had rode downwards, showing off the beginnings of a very well shaped butt cupped by the flimsiest piece of black lace the angel had ever seen. There were tiny threads of red running through the edge, and even a hint of a small red bow slightly covered by the waist of Dean’s jeans.
"On other people!" Dean shouted. He stood up so he'd have a better vantage point in the argument, now that he was even shorter than the Sasquatch he called his little brother, then blushed and crossed his arms across his chest when he realized he was… jiggling…
Dean barged his way into the bunker, still trying to cover up his fake uniform in shame. “We thought you weren’t gonna be here,” he mumbled, blushing like it was going out of style.
“Holy shit, that feels good,” Dean mumbled. Then he shifted his hips. “Now you’re supposed to move.” He kissed Castiel lightly to show that he wasn’t actually upset, then his head flung back as the human instincts in Castiel’s vessel took over for him.
“Yeah, in one of the chairs,” he said with a well-concealed sigh, as he finally looked over at his newest improperly-taught responsibility. Castiel wasn’t able to conceal his gasp when the model turned around, though.
Moving his hand slowly, as if approaching a holy relic, Castiel leaned in to touch Dean. Having never experienced the feeling of anything but his own penis, feeling Dean’s was odd, but only for a moment. It was hard, and heavy, and felt as appealing as the lace that had been trapping it. Dean leaned his head back and groaned. “You’re killing me, Cas,” he mumbled. As the angel paused, worried that Dean might actually be in pain, the hunter laughed. “That’s a good thing,” he teased. “Now… keep doing… something,” he added, sounding as unsure as Castiel suddenly was of where this was going next.
“Of course, Dean,” Castiel said, smiling in hopes that Dean’s mood would unsour quickly. “I’d love to do that.” And agreeing to Dean’s sugary plan was apparently exactly what the hunter needed to perk right back up again.
"He's good at best," Cas replied, not caring how petty he sounded at this point. "And he's not even attractive enough to make up for the slack."
"No, it's… um… sorry…" Castiel finally managed, removing himself from Dean's accidental embrace and regretting every inch. He felt something tugging at his shirt as he moved, though, and reached down to untangle Dean's employee badge from his bag's strap. It had a couple of pins attached to it, but one in particular caught his attention: blue, purple, and pink. Without even thinking, Castiel blurted out, "Oh, you're bi."
Looking fully proud of himself, Dean described exactly how they’d be faking it, and when the two fell asleep later, they were both wearing contented smiles of the soon to be avenged.
Cas stopped pacing, walking over to where Dean was sitting like he was about to leave for war. “It hurts me, Dean, because…” Dean had never seen the angel look even half as nervous, even when he ‘saved’ Cas from the brothel. He reached out his hand for a moment, before yanking it back. “Because I care about you, Dean.”
“Flirting?” Dean stumbled over the word, not sure how to react. He wasn’t ready to tell everybody yet. He wasn’t ready to admit to Cas that he was in love with. He kept this shit secret for that exact reason: he wasn’t ready for any of it yet. “Not, no, definitely not flirting, cuz, umm, yeah, not flirting, you don’t flirt with your friends or anything like that, cuz you’re my friend and all, so nope, not a flirt, umm, definitely not,” Dean helplessly babbled, unable to stop at this point.
Sam burst out laughing, which obviously only made Dean even more embarrassed. “Something came up, so I’m going out with Eileen tomorrow night instead,” he explained in between gasps for air and further laughter. “I was gonna tell you, but I couldn’t find you. I figured you were out with Cas.”
“You just seem so… I mean, you don’t… err…” Castiel sputtered, apparently trying his hardest to get his metaphorical foot as far into his mouth as possible right now.
Dean pulled back the curtain of hair, looking like he was thinking really hard, which looked less serious and more adorable on the cute little female face he was currently wearing. "I don't remember anything that looked witchy, and unless the dumpster was cursed, I doubt it was that."
“So this is really your first time celebrating Thanksgiving?” Mrs. Butters asked Cas conversationally.
Then Dean violently grappled with Cas until he was sitting on top of the angel, two pairs of boxer shorts the only thing separating equally hard dicks. He shot back down to bite at Cas' neck, causing him to writhe in pleasurepain. Dean let out a groan through his teeth before whispering in Cas' ear. "You have shitty taste," he mocked, still not over their previous argument. He shoved his hand under those ugly white boxers again and grabbed Cas' impressive cock, causing the angel to both growl and whimper at the same time. But before he was able to celebrate his triumph, he was roughly jostled into the bottom position again.
Sam looked like he was about to respond, but their brotherly… sibling-y… their whatever it was called squabble was interrupted by the sound of the bunker’s rather loud door being unlocked.
“Dean?” Cas asked, concern filling his voice, filling the room even. He started to step forward, but the hunter stopped him by holding his hand up.
“Oh yeah, I did say I wanted to buy it, didn’t I?” Dean laughed nervously. Consumerism should cover up the awkwardness quite nicely. “How much do I owe you?” Cas told him the price, and Dean handed him a couple bills from his earnings today. Thank you, capitalism.
“Here, let us clean up, since you did all the cooking,” Sam suggested, giving his brother a glare to tell him that he’d better be helping too, if he knew what was good for him.
“Good,” Dean said, and they went back to kissing, and then some. After they were finally done defiling the backseat of the Impala, which Castiel would clean up before they left, Dean grabbed his phone from the pocket of his jeans, which had landed on the steering wheel at some point. He got an evil grin on his face before he opened up the camera app.
The beyond obvious question mark made Dean roll his eyes. “I’ve been driving her over half my life, Cas, I think I should be just fine, even if my size is different,” he said sarcastically, before roughly shoving Cas’ arm aside, which the angel thankfully allowed. If Dean was treated like the damsel in distress one more freaking time, he was going to explode. “Just get in already,” he halfway growled at Cas, before sliding behind the Impala’s wheel.
Before Dean had a chance to respond, Meg poked her head in through the door. "You guys getting close to done? We got four more to go before we get to go home, and I got a hot date with Netflix and some leftover Chinese waiting for me, so the quicker the better."
Dean smiled a little, even though he was still blushing like a fire hydrant. "Yeah, have been for a while now." His tone seemed to imply something, but Castiel's brain was too stupid from being so close to Dean to process it it right now.
"So good, oh god, so good Dean," Cas babbled. Dean had only just started and Cas was already having trouble with words.
“I knew it!” Sam shouted. “I gotta text Crowley, he just lost the bet!” Still laughing like it was the most hilarious thing to ever happen in all existence, Sam grabbed his phone and started furiously typing before he even left the room.
"Allie oop," Dean actually said as he helped Castiel back into a standing position. But apparently that wasn't going to happen just yet, because Castiel’s foot caught on god only knew what, and suddenly he found himself in Dean's arms.
“Ahh, hello Winchester,” Crowley greeted Dean happily as they entered the throne room. “Oh, and you brought your pet angel,” he teased, once he saw Castiel enter behind the hunter.
Cas just smiled in response to the hand yank back-ness. “No problem, Dean.” Then he went back to his original seat, looking at the different book that Sam had just pulled off one of the large piles surrounding him.
Castiel rolled his eyes, but unbuttoned his shirt and it hit the clothes pile a moment later. “Better?” Cas asked, sounding frustrated, which was one of the main reasons Dean had said it in the first place.
“Thank you so much,” Castiel replied. He looked down at his daughter to make sure she remembered her manners as well, but she was so focused on her chocolate cone, which was already almost half finished, that a bomb could’ve gone off and she’d have kept eating. “From both of us,” Castiel added, knowing that there was no use expecting much of anything from Claire now, not until she was licking the last drops of melted ice cream off her fingers.
“Your…” Cas started, looking awkward, even for him. “Your size is different, as well as your reach and, well,” Cas paused, his expression showing that he was trying to word things just right, and announcing it with big, neon flashing lights. “Should something unexpected happen, you might not be able to react with as much speed and accuracy as you normally would?”
Trying to be even half as brave as Dean, just like he’d said, Castiel reached across the table and held Dean’s head up by the chin. “Yes, it was.” Dean blushed a little more, then finally conceded to Castiel.
The nest was in an old, possibly abandoned cabin over by a small lake, surrounded by a fat lot of trees and not much else. Good, because there’d be no civilians to worry about, but bad because there was a lot of forest to run off into. Better make it as quick and efficient as possible, then. Forgetting all his current gender problems, Dean looked over at Cas and said “Let’s go,” like always. Then he winced at the words coming out in a girl’s voice, and sulked as he silently got out of the car. They got the machetes out of the trunk just as quietly, and Dean mouthed ‘three’ to Cas right before kicking the door in. Or at least trying to. His leg dinged off harmlessly without his usual strength and mass behind the move, and he couldn’t help but shout “Fuck!” Cas was on it in seconds, though, busting through the door with angelic super strength (or even just normal masculine strength, for all Dean could tell right now in his pissed off pouting bubble), and then thought was next to impossible as the three vamps rushed them and the fight started.
"Really?" Castiel asked, wondering if he'd hit his head when he fell and this was all a concussion dream. Because no way did Dean…
Castiel paused for a moment, confused as to what that had to do with them, until he remembered some of the videos he had seen. Dean was suggesting anal sex, and for some reason that made no biological sense, the thought only made him harder. “Yes,” he said again, only this time he willingly pulled apart from the hunter. He stood awkwardly, naked in the middle of an auto parts junkyard, until Dean waved him over to the door to the backseat that he’d just opened.
Dean’s strength may have gone the way of his manly bits, but apparently his new smaller, slimmer size helped up his dexterity. He was having a hard time getting at the neck of the ugly vamp in front of him with his machete, but he was dodging way faster than usual. Less testosterone, but less air resistance, too. Didn’t help much when he got the vamp right in the neck, since he didn’t even freaking hit bone. The frustration was enough to make him fight dirtier than usual, though, and the vamp was on the ground clutching at his groin mere seconds after Dean had kicked, and while it did take a few more swings than usual, and another kick or two to the guy’s side to keep him down, the head finally came off and Dean mentally congratulated himself for a moment. That was just long enough for the third vamp, the other one that Cas had been fighting, to lunge at him.
“My tooths hurt,” Claire complained then, and Castiel’s fatherly instincts took over, immediately heading to Dean’s freezer where he now kept a couple teething rings permanently. He gave one to Claire, who started gnawing at it until the pained pull to her face faded.
Castiel chuckled softly, knowing exactly where this was going and wanting to shout his response to the world. Instead, he nodded. "If you're asking me out, Dean, my answer is yes."
"Fuck your damn buttons," Dean grumbled as he finally just yanked the shirt apart, sliding the ruined fabric off Cas and throwing it in the general direction of not them. They struggled out of their pants before dropping loudly onto the mattress. Dean, now on the bottom on the pile, ran his nails sharply down Cas' back, loving every fucking second of that surprised gasp, even after all this time. Cas retaliated by biting at Dean's already abused lower lip, eliciting his own revenge gasp.
“Pretty sure he’s learned his lesson now,” Dean joked as they rushed off, so he could undress his boyfriend as soon as possible.
“Okay, what the fuck,” Dean complained loudly. He joined Cas in trying to peel them apart, but absolutely nothing worked. “Seriously?”
Sam slid down the wall by the door, not sure if he could even take all this in right now. Because not only had he caught his brother and his angelic boyfriend role-playing sexually, recreating a freaking porn said angel had watched once in their presence, but now he was looking down at Cas, very male angel of the Lord, in what looked almost like the lazy version of a school girl’s outfit, and the angel had even bothered to shave his legs! What the hell…
"Heya, Cas," Dean said enthusiastically as he walked over. "Going for those frequent shopper points lately, huh?" He asked with a chuckle.
Dean nodded, glad that he wouldn’t be teased the entire ride home. He only realized his mistake when Sam turned to Eileen. ‘Dean’s new boyfriend is adorable,’ he signed.
“We have got to do this again,” Dean said with glee, nudging Cas off in the direction of their bedroom.
Castiel smiled, and before he could chicken out, he pointed out, "You're not on the clock now, Dean."
“Thanks again,” Dean said, air toasting Cas with his coffee cup as he walked back over to his table. The older couple from earlier showed up not too long after, and then Dean was busy solid for at least ten minutes, because apparently word had spread. Kitsch sold really, really well at this place, it would seem.
This time, it was obvious that Dean’s laugh was self-deprecating, especially when paired with the blush that was creeping up his neck. “Nothing that amazing, Cas, just keeping my kids safe and all,” he mumbled in embarrassment.
"Oh my god!" This shout from Jo they did pay attention to, and they both looked over at her, halfway through cleaning up Castiel's mess. "Just freaking kiss or something already!" She dropped the Naruto plushie she'd been holding and stomped over to the register area. "You have both been stupid in love with each other for forever, so just ask him out." She huffed, still quite loud. "Dean, you're now on your lunch break, so get the hell out of here and take your boyfriend with you." She printed out the piece of paper that made it official, then she started making shooing motions at them.
This part, though, he didn’t like at all. He once again crinkled his nose in disgust as he set up his booth at the local craft fair. This, this was all Eileen’s fault, both for suggesting it in the first place, and for getting his younger brother/her husband Sam into actually going through with it. He kinda hated them both right now, even if they did make really cute nieces and nephews for him every so often.
"You deserve a medal for surviving that or something, seriously," Dean joked. "Or maybe an apartment halfway across the country."
Cas was already stiff when Dean got his boxers pulled down, and it only took two or three strokes to get the angel's cock fully hard. He looked up at Cas, who was already panting even though Dean's mouth wasn't even near his dick yet. Dean loved that he was able to do that, that it took so little to get his boyfriend to such a state. And knowing that before he was done, Cas would be wrecked beyond words. That, that was always the best part of giving a blow job for Dean.
“Thanks,” Cas grunted as he took out another divot of earth, but then went back to silence. Gotta try harder, then.
“Maybe? Probably? I don’t even know at this point, Cas,” Dean admitted. “I probably would’ve been a hell of a lot less hesitant, especially when we got to know each other a little better, but that might’ve been even worse.” When Cas gave him that confused head tilt, Dean tried to simplify it down a little. “We probably would’ve hooked up, had a bunch of crazy sex, but I wouldn’t’ve known you so well, wouldn’t’ve had years and years to learn about you, to fall in… To fall for you, the way you did for me so many times.”
“I am definitely not a kid anymore,” Dean said instead of explaining. Castiel scrunched his face up in confusion, which caused Dean to chuckle, but that led right back to him clutching his stomach and unhappily moaning.
“It said it was going to make it so you couldn’t deny how close you were, but I wasn’t expecting it to be literal,” Sam mumbled guiltily.
“At least it wasn’t a dildo?” Charlie pointed out, and they all got a small chuckle out of it. “Actually, maybe that’s how we should get revenge,” she suggested. “Send him some freaky-ass, scary-looking dildo in the mail.”
Castiel didn’t feel embarrassed at all about how wrong he was as the taste hit his tongue and he moaned even louder in pleasure. “That one’s really great too,” he said, already reaching for another.
“I’ve already checked that one,” Dean said as he walked into the bunker’s map room. He pointed at the newspaper Sam was staring intently at. “Nothing freaky deaky-er than a really big pumpkin some old guy grew in his garden that won a prize.” Dean took a thoughtful sip of his steaming mug of coffee. “I wonder if that’d make the pies taste different, it being so weirdly big?”
But before Castiel had a chance to try and calm her down, Dean stepped up and smiled at her. “Hey there, shortcake, what’s the fuss?” He asked in a silly voice. The tantrum was gone before it even started as Claire giggled.
“It was almost two heart attacks each time, though.” Dean grinned, because at the time he really had felt like his heart was going to stop as they had to rush their blonde seven year old to the hospital both times, fearing the worst.
“Great,” Dean said, and meant it. He was apparently still crushing on the guy in front of him, but since he was taken Dean would gladly settle for a friendship. Cas had been that cool, and seemed to still be. He motioned to Cas’ date as she walked over to join them. “As soon as you’re done with all the excitement here, I can get us a table at The Roadhouse, and I can meet you and your wife there.”
“Yes, Dean,” Cas said, quickly moving to aggravated as he also moved closer to the eldest Winchester. “Don’t you think I already thought to try that?”
"Oh, yeah," Dean said, obviously having not even thought of that until now. He grinned like a fool, then took Castiel's hand in his. "Cas, would you wanna go out with me?"
"No fai…" Dean's protest was interrupted as Cas slid his first finger in. "Fuck you," Dean growled, but didn't try to stop Cas as he started to move that finger around in his favorite and most sensitive parts. Instead, he begged. "More," he pleaded, right before Cas found his male g-spot and he saw stars filled with Cas for a beautifully prolonged second.
"It turned me into a chick!" The woman yelled, before Sam had a chance to speak. "A freaking chick, Sammy! I have boobs and I'm short and this stupid hair keeps getting in my face and my hands are small and my clothes don't fit and I'm missing my damn dick!" Almost as if to prove her point, she angrily pushed the long hair out of her face and mouth.
“And I love you too,” Cas replied, “until then.” Dean let out a few chuckles at that, and the angel joined in.
Dean smiled at this, though with his lips next to Cas' balls, you probably wouldn't have been able to tell. He moved his tongue around in the vacuum he'd created in his mouth, causing the pressure to increase and making Cas let out a whimper of pleasure mixed with a desperate plea.
Painting had always been one of Dean’s favorite hobbies. There was nothing more soothing than coming home after a long, tiring day of work, than to pick up a paintbrush and just… create. He especially loved painting animals and wildlife. Even without making them cartoonish, he thought that you could read a lot of emotions and personality in them, given just the right brushstrokes. He loved pretty much every moment of the process, even washing out the brushes at the end of the day.
“Well,” Castiel added with a shrug, trying to come off as slightly less of a mess. He was blurting things left and right today, or at least he was whenever Dean was around, but this response seemed safe.
even want to date him? Even Anna was just a one-night stand kind of deal, and with Cas, he knew a quick lay in the Impala would never be enough. Also, he wasn’t constantly running into and hanging out with Anna, so he didn’t have to deal with any uncomfortable aftereffects.
“That’s actually a really good likeness of me,” Cas said softly, handing over the sketchpad when they both stood back up.
“Sam’s gonna be here with the moving truck any minute, so we better finish up,” Dean said sadly. “You good?”
Castiel always pointed out that it seemed unfair; that he should be giving as much as he was getting. But Dean would always assure him that he liked to give blow jobs. Cas would still try and make up for the unequal distribution of orgasms in the bedroom, though, by doing as many of Dean's favorites as he could when they were having actual sex, and not just oral. Dean never complained about it, because it made Cas feel better, and also, orgasms with a sexy hot angel. Nobody was losing in that deal. But far more often, it was Dean between Cas' legs than the reverse, which was exactly how Dean liked it.
Castiel swore under his breath as Dean blushed. "Yeah, we're getting there, Meg," he lied, shuffling some papers around to try and sound busy.
“Sorry,” he responded, looking properly chastised. “What I meant was that we were role-playing the movie, but it was still us doing it." Dean pulled his boyfriend into a side hug, trying to reassure him. “I love you Cas, exactly as you are.”
“‘Gripped me tight and raised me from perdition,’ yeah, I remember that part,” Dean teased. At least that Castiel understood well, since Dean did it so often. He still made a face at the hunter, though, as this was a bit reminiscent of their usual banter.
Castiel winced at that. “She’s never been very good whenever champagne is involved,” he sighed. “But I’ll make sure to tell my dad about it tomorrow. She never listens to anybody else, and she rarely listens to him, but at least he could try.”
Much to the omega’s surprise, Dean laughed. “Sorry, but that just hit me funny. No, their dad’s still alive, unfortunately,” he explained. “Total…” He glanced quickly at Emma, then at Claire, then spelled out, “a-s-s-h-o-l-e,” just in case. “We mated right out of high school, which I really don’t recommend, and it turned out Michael wasn’t exactly the family kinda guy, you know?”
“Yes?” Dean said, though he wasn’t sure if he was actually ready for this. Pining from afar was one thing, but he’d never felt anything even close to this before, no matter the girl, so this was pretty much all foreign territory for him right now.
Castiel called the next day, and the two set up a play date at the park over the weekend. Emma seemed to absolutely adore Claire, and Claire thought that Ben was the neatest thing on the planet; until Dean had to change his diaper, at least. She got over her disgust after a few minutes, though, and went right back to fawning over him like he was a puppy or a kitten or some other kind of cute, cuddly animal.
Castiel gripped Dean’s t-shirt, about to do the same thing to his clothing, but Dean clamped his hand onto the angel’s, urgently. “As ungodly sexy as that display was, Cas, this is my favorite t-shirt. Mind if I do it the old fashioned way?” Even if the angel hadn’t been about to agree anyway, Dean’s wink at the end would have assured his agreement. “Gonna strip for you, Cas,” Dean said softly, seductively, as if he didn’t already own every part of Castiel’s heart and body.
“Yeah, Cas?” Dean called back from the kitchen, where he was currently making dinner for the two of them, as well as their friend Charlie who was coming over for their weekly movie night.
"Not in those words," Cas said back, stone cold and sharp as a knife. "But yes. I don't think Harrison Ford is attractive."
“No way,” Charlie said in disbelief. When both men nodded in confirmation, she started to laugh. “No freaking way!” She said through the chuckles and guffaws.
Cas smiled, his eyes actually looking a bit wet around the edges. “Of course it does, Dean, and I completely agree.”
It had been lots of tears and hugs and hesitant kisses then not so hesitant kisses then wild sex when Dean had first arrived, then more tears as they met back up with their deceased friends (after multiple showers, since they insisted on taking them, together) Of course, it was a full on chick flick drama cry fest when Sam had finally shown up having thankfully lived a long and white picket fence-y life with Eileen as he’d always wanted, then a bunch more tears when she’d popped in what only felt like a few hours, but was really almost five years, later. As exhausting as the waterworks had felt, even though they were all kind of technically dead (not counting any angels and/or nephilim that had been involved in any of this), the most annoying part for Dean was the looks everybody gave him and Cas. The knowing looks. The I told you so looks. Especially from Sam.
“I’m Dean, and thanks so much for watching it,” Dean said, right before his bladder gave him another, slightly more urgent request. “I’ll be back in just a few minutes, and I wanna buy that sweater.” When Cas nodded, Dean went off in the general direction of where the bathrooms were supposed to be.
Cas waited for Dean to continue, but when he didn’t, the angel could help but impatiently ask. “And?”
“Took you two long enough,” Castiel heard Sam mutter not completely under his breath as he left, making it very obvious that he didn’t mean how late they’d got back tonight.
“No, I’m pissed!” On any other women, that would’ve been considered a scream, but Dean didn’t have time to debate how feminie or masculine he sounded right now, because he was going full on Chernobyl. “I’m stuck in this stupid body, all skinny and weak, and I’m stuck wearing a damn bra, and I can’t even fight a stupid, piddly little vamp, and now here you are, trying to rescue me like the big damn hero you are,” he ranted, venting every ounce of anger and frustration and confusion that had been building up since that tingly feeling next to that damn dumpster. “I don’t care what I look like, or what’s going on, I am not weak!” The last two words were said the loudest, since they were the most important part of all.
"Flatterer," Dean accused, but didn't make any motion to leave. They cuddled like that for a few minutes, both in a bubble of perfection, until Dean poked his head up. "I'm starving, wanna go get a burger?"
Wait, no, that’s not how the reunion small talk script goes. There was nothing about jobs or families or vacations. Nothing trivial and pointless at all. “Really?” Dean asked as a default response.
“Hard pass,” Dean said, before abruptly turning around and stalking out, grabbing Castiel by the arm on his way. “We know the way out,” he called back, before Crowley could respond.
“Okay,” Cas said in a monotone. “Then what are the other options? Somebody most likely would’ve noticed a spell being cast, not that I think there are any spells quite this…” He waved his hands around vaguely.
He didn’t have to ask that twice. Awkwardly, but with help from Dean, he slid in, feeling pleasure that even their earlier frottage session hadn’t come close to. Castiel couldn’t form words, so he just let out a debauched moan instead.
Castiel thought it was appropriate that they were talking about hellhounds right now, since what he really wanted to do was growl at Crowley until he backed off. Dean wasn’t property that he had to protect, but he was Castiel’s boyfriend, whether the demon liked it or not.
, because they could hear Crowley yelling all the way out here. “I think it might’ve worked,” Dean whispered, acting as if this were all some big conspiracy instead of just a photo sent to get an amorous demon to back off from a taken hunter.
“Oooh, revenge planning, I’m awesome at revenge planning,” Charlie added in, startling both men since they hadn’t even heard the door slam that always announced her entrance. “Who are we revenging?”
Castiel nodded. “We had to move into a smaller apartment, when my mate’s life insurance wasn’t enough to keep up with rent…” The omega said without thinking. There was something about Dean that made Castiel spill his tragic past like the other omega was his therapist. “Well, I mean…” He stammered, not sure how to save himself at this point.
Castiel paused for a few seconds, trying to figure out if he’d missed something in this conversation. Dean didn’t even look this broken when Sam offered to sacrifice his life, and his little brother was the thing he loved more than anything else that existed.
“Seriously, Cas?” Dean responded, his anger reaching yet another new level that he didn’t even know that he could feel before today.
Mrs. Butters clapped her hands together as Cas pulled away, everybody staring first at him, then at her. “Faerie wishes always come true,” she explained as if it were obvious. “Little ones like that, at least.”
“He. Is. Hot,” she explained slowly, as if she had to spell it out for him. “Just your type, too: cute and dumb.” She winked as he let out a frustrated sigh.
Castiel took one last look, seeing the front room filled with furniture and warmth, a Christmas tree with presents underneath it as two children went after the wrapping paper like they were never going to get to the toys underneath. He glanced at the kitchen, Thanksgiving dinner being pulled out of the oven, cookies being made, Jack proudly holding up his perfect apple pie as Claire sulked in the corner, stuck on peeling duty thanks to the last time she was allowed near the oven. The dining room, birthday cakes with candles lit, covered in mess after mess as holidays and play dates and crafts spread out the entire length of the table. The bedrooms upstairs, the noise of rowdy kids and loud music still echoing off the walls, the little notches on the door frame to the bathroom labeled with Claire and Jack, with two near the top labeled Dean and Castiel because Jack had insisted that they be measured too. The backyard as the sprinklers went back and forth with children jumping through the spray, the garden that was Castiel’s favorite hobby, flowers and herbs gone but only for the winter.
Not noticing the state of the teenager in front of him, Dean continued just as enthusiastically, "So, how'd you end up liking that record you bought last week? Isn't Zep the greatest on vinyl?"
“Close enough,” Dean muttered, before grabbing Cas by the neck and pulling him into a deep, devouring kiss. “Any excuse to have some hot sex with my hot fiance.” He winked at that, which only made Cas laugh again, but Dean cut him off before he could say anything by resuming the kiss.
The angel felt his pants get tight, knowing full well what that meant even without having Dean explain it, since he wasn’t completely naive of how the human body worked. Castiel also retained enough of Jimmy’s general knowledge, even if his vessel’s former occupant was now in Heaven, to know exactly what he was feeling at the thought of seeing Dean in a pair of the lacy underwear that was currently on the computer’s screen: arousal. He’d never felt it before, not physically, but he was willing to admit, at least to himself, that he’d felt something towards Dean. Something more than friendship, more than familial love. There was an attraction, but not just to his body. He felt attraction to his soul, had felt it to a certain degree since the moment he first laid metaphorical eyes on it. He had only more recently learned to appreciate the outer packaging, but this bit of pink lace was enough to make all of the types of attraction he felt towards the hunter both obvious and unable to ignore.
“Not your fault, so no need to worry,” Dean told him. But when Cas actually bumped into him, Dean turned to explain that he seriously didn’t blame him for any of this, but the shocked look on the angel’s face showed that guilt wasn’t behind this.
Dean leaned into Cas’ personal space and smirked. “As many as you want.” Then he kissed Cas for all he was worth, which he probably should’ve been doing all along. If just because damn, could that angel kiss.
“Like, umm,” Dean asked, feeling nervous himself now. If this was going where he thought it was going, where his denial hoped it wasn’t going, there would be a hell of a lot of soul searching, which did not sound like a good thing to add on top of the vagina problem. “Like family?”
It took everything in Dean to not blush and hide behind the bleachers as Castiel Novak, the nerdy guy Dean had crushed on for all four years of high school, walked in with his wife. Or maybe Red was just his girlfriend? Either way, underneath the embarrassment was definitely some regret.
Dean shot Castiel a quick glance of apology before looking down at his daughter. “Only five-bajillion? Forever is at least sixty-bajillion,” he teased her.
“Then I’m extra glad that I was able to make you an old fashioned family turkey dinner this year.” Mrs. Butters smiled even wider than usual; it was beyond obvious by now that Jack was her favorite, and as far as Dean, and everybody else, was concerned, he completely deserved the mothering. Mary had never once treated him like anything less than one of her own, but she’d also never been that great of a mother after coming back to life, all things considered.
“Since you got the coffee earlier, I bought you an apple turnover from the baked goods booth at the end of our row,” Cas explained, holding out what looked, and smelled, like Heaven. “Not the most healthy of lunches, but definitely the easiest to eat while working at a booth.” He smiled again, bigger this time, and Dean wanted to eat him more than the turnover.
“You… were?” Dean asked, dumbfounded by this new information. Cas nodded solemnly. “And, you’d wanna do it again?” He asked, still completely thrown by the events of the last few minutes.
“What in the hell?” Charlie asked after a few seconds, obviously having read what the box contained.
Castiel let out another tortured sigh and rolled his eyes, shaking his head in exasperation at the universe putting him in the same family as his immature class clown of a sibling.
“He’s always doing things like this,” Castiel complained, glaring at his pizza as if it had given Gabe the idea in the first place.
“Uhh…” Dean’s brain felt broken, and his brain cells seemed to all be jumping ship. “So, you knew I was into you, even though I did everything I could to keep it secret?
Dean pulled the bag out of his reach. “Uh-uh, Cas, gotta try the rest before you pig out on the good ones,” Dean teased, but he handed over a new piece of candy, so Castiel didn’t mind in the slightest.
Meg let out a wolf whistle before looking back through the doorway. “And he is gonna freaking destroy you, Clarence,” she teased. They’d been working together long enough for him to know that this kind of teasing meant that she actually liked him, no matter how annoying the nickname was.
“Dean, are you okay?” Cas asked, turning around quickly to try and assess any potential damage. The look of fear and concern on the angel’s face, it was enough to light that final fuse on all of Dean’s anger.
The only sounds for the next few minutes were flesh meeting flesh, the groans and panting breaths of the two, and the rhythmic slamming sound of the headboard hitting the wall, with the occasional crack of wood breaking underneath. Cas' back was lightly bleeding, and Dean's neck was more bruise than not, by the time the beat of the headboard started to falter. Cas' thrusts were starting to waver and go erratic as he finally let go of Dean's dick. At the friction between the two muscular chests, Dean went from panting breaths to gasping.
Castiel hadn’t been looking at him during that last part of the explanation, and Dean’s expression had changed from playful to impressed. No, not impressed, more… awe?
He chuckled as he beckoned the angel closer. “I don’t care about the price tag,” Dean said, pulling Cas down onto the bed when he was close enough. “This was always our favorite beer.” He said it as if that made everything completely obvious, which, actually, it did.
"Stupid hunter," Cas replied automatically, parting with said hunter just long enough to drag the t-shirt over his head. Their mouths clashed again, even more violently than before, as the two groped each other and their way over to the bed.
Sam rolled his eyes, but figured he was getting off light since all he had to do was bring in the turkey. He was a big, strong hunter, what was thirty or so pounds of meat to carry?
It took a few seconds for all the words to register properly, then Castiel felt his smile fall off a proverbial cliff. “Oh, your…” He was the only widow he knew, since he was so young and his family so small, so he wasn’t really sure how to go about comforting another.
“I mean, it’s bad enough that those Trials damn near killed Sam,” Dean continued, starting to anxiously pace the front room area of April’s apartment, “but then you go and
“Whichever you’d prefer,” Cas answered, pulling Dean out of the thought rabbit hole he’d been getting lost in.
Dean's surprise showed not just on his face, but his whole body. He leaned forward, radiating amazement. "Holy crap, that must've been nuts growing up. Wow."
“It’s just cuz I’m a girl, though, right?” Dean babbled, trying and failing miserably to reason this all out.
Dean pecked a tiny kiss on Castiel’s cheek before heading quickly for the door. “C’mon,” he said, motioning with his head as he held out his hand. “Let’s go home, buddy.”
“Not like anybody could,” Dean replied. “Take me from you, I mean. Cuz I am so definitely yours, Cas.” He leaned into kiss Castiel a little more exuberantly that the angel had, and he gladly let him.
“Son of a bitch,” Dean said from the backseat, loud enough for Sam to hear. His brother only chuckled in response, and continued to gossip with his wife about Cas via his hands, not
“So,” Castiel said slowly, turning Dean’s hand over to show the patch of skin where the burn had been, “when I heal you, I already know where to send it because I know you so well.”
“Not as festive,” Mrs. Butters continued, sparing only a quick glance to playfully glare at Sam. “But I’m sure seeing the Snoopy balloon fly past Macy’s will more than make up for it.” She put the potatoes next to the rest of the side dishes, then nodded at Sam. “And if you’d bring the turkey in, please, we can start dinner.”
Castiel turned around, off to look at the section with all the anime merch, which just so happened to be over by the register where his not-stalking would probably pay off better, when his messenger bag (another splurge purchase thanks to Dean) got caught on the clearance rack, bringing down plushies and accessories along with Castiel himself. He grimaced when he hit his knee on the way to the floor, trying to not cry out and look like a total wimp in front of his super extra mega crush, and didn't hear Dean's reaction to the most embarrassing thing that had ever happened in Castiel's seventeen years of existence.
Castiel had tried masturbating before, especially since he became borderline obsessed with Dean’s lacy panties, but it had never felt anywhere this good, and this was only from a light touch. He shoved his way back into Deans’ face and his mouth, needing more than he ever knew, and needing it from this man in front of him. Right now.
Castiel had followed the brothers to their motel room after the hunt itself was over, as he usually did. Only this time, he just so happened to be looking at Dean at precisely the right moment as he took off his father’s old leather jacket. His shirts slid up with the jacket, and during the two or three seconds before he reached back to pull them down again, Castiel spotted what could only be pink lace. He may not be very well versed in human behaviors, but he at least knew that men’s clothing almost never had lace, not for hundreds of years now.
Four years of crushing on Castiel Novak in high school did not prepare Dean to see him again at their ten year reunion, especially not when the guy walked in with the beautiful red-haired woman that was probably his wife.
“I think I like that idea,” Dean said softly, before kissing Castiel lightly on the nose. “It sounds just right.”
“Dean,” Cas said, louder this time. “I’m not doing this.” When Dean finally turned to look at Cas, he dropped his half-filled duffel bag on the bed and stared in disbelief.
"No," Dean immediately declared. "I may look like a chick, but I'm sure as hell not gonna dress like one." He stood back up to face Sam at about chest level, then yelped when he felt further jiggle. "Fuck."
Cas leaned over to Kiss Dean lightly on the lips as he handed over the bottle. Then he settled in next to Dean, taking nowhere near as long luxuriating in the sumptuous Heaven bed as Dean had but still managing to look much more comfortably satisfied. “I never thought I would be able to have this,” Cas admitted wistfully.
"I…" Castiel had no idea what to say, and had barely even started to register what all had just happened. But then the most important part hit him like a two-by-four to the face. "Wait, she said you like me too?"
Steeling himself as if he were about to do something far more difficult than just walking into a store, Castiel took a final sip of his smoothie before dropping the empty cup in the trash can and heading there. The Bath and Body Works he passed made itself known with an almost overbearing cloud of mingled scents and sprays. He paused for a moment, wondering if maybe a spritz or two from a tester cologne might make him seem a little bit more attractive, then pulled himself away when he realized he was only stalling. He already had on the cologne he'd bought from Dean last month, anyway, so it'd been a bad idea from the start.
One night, a few months after that fateful meeting at the ice cream stand, they were coming back late, having had a bit too much fun at The Roadhouse since it was karaoke night. They were both sober, but they were also both completely exhausted. Dean was being more careful about driving than usual, and Castiel was slumped next to him in the front seat. He woke up really quick when he felt his head land on Dean’s shoulder, especially with how loud that made Dean laugh.
“And your aunt Amara was hitting on me the whole night,” Dean pointed out, trying not to remember that too vividly. “She did know that I was the other half of the engaged couple the party was for, didn’t she?”
Sam just shook his head at them, a smile on his face. “About damn time,” he muttered as he picked up his cell phone.
"It was mostly my fault, so don't worry," Castiel assured him. "We can probably pull this off in just a few minutes, since you actually know what you're doing up there."
The photographer coughed before speaking, in hopes that he might not squeak. He’d dated the talent before, sure, but only the ones that had come onto him first. He never wanted to be that sleazy jerk who lured models to his bedroom in hopes of getting better gigs. “You can call me Cas,” he finally stuttered out. Dean didn’t seem to notice his nervousness thanks to his own anxiety, which was now another thing Castiel was thankful for today. “The company told me the poses they wanted for this shoot,” he started to explain.
“It’s been a long time,” Cas said, starting the obligatory small talk portion of their evening. “I was hoping to run into you, actually.”
Cas chuckled. "You know I can heal it." He kissed Dean on the tip of his nose. "And you know that ripping my back to shreds only makes me want you harder."
The next bit of lace showed its ruffly edges a few days later. Dean was reaching into the Impala for a bag of weaponry, and Castiel saw the lace, a slightly different pattern this time, and in a lovely shade of light blue. The angel actually had to muffle the gasp he felt at the image, wondering which cut Dean had gone with today. It had turned out that, unlike men’s underwear, there were many different styles of women’s underwear, and Castiel had learned all about them as he’d researched on the different computers he’d had access to since that night in the motel room. Unfortunately, that thought was enough to start to make his pants rather uncomfortable, so the angel had made an awkward yet quick exit. He would definitely need to learn to control his response to Dean’s choices in underwear, if he were to keep this fascination a secret.
“Sam, you said that something was…” The angel trailed off when he saw Dean. “Dean, you’re… what kind of curse did this?”
“Maybe next time, I can fuck you senseless,” Dean teased, though it was obvious that he’d meant it. Castiel would have him any way he could get him, but having Dean inside him next time? It was definitely something the angel would want to try. He wanted to try everything with Dean, in fact. Even the video of the woman putting the man into her mouth, that had been called a blow job. He would happily do that, and anything else Dean wanted. Because it was Dean.
“He definitely got down the most important part,” Dean added, setting out the plates Mrs. Butters had unapologetically handed him to set the table with.
"Sorry 'bout that," Dean apologized, turning his face away even though he had nothing to apologize for.
“Sounds invasive,” Dean commented, but immediately went back to being quiet and listening at one look from Castiel.
“You guys were gone for forever!” Emma yelled as well, the two obviously having gotten just enough sleep to get their second winds. “I know, because I counted,” she explained, still loud but no longer yelling. “Uncle Sam had to help me after twelve, though, since that’s how far I can count without mistakes. It ended up being five-bajillion.”
“I think,” Castiel murmured in an even lower tone, voice going much deeper than usual. “It was the bow.” He put his hand onto Dean’s chest, not too far from where the hunter still wore his hand print.
“Cas, why the hell are you wearing a skirt?” Dean called out, staring down at his boyfriend in shock.
Cas stood his ground, though; thousands upon thousands of years as a trained warrior making it seem like a cakewalk, even though it definitely wasn't this time. "Yes, Dean, from what I saw," he bit out, his normally gravely voice taking on a tone that would make any sensible being run and hide.
a fine specimen of man meat, you gotta admit,” she told him, waggling her eyebrows at him. “Such a great ass. I wish you’d’ve let me borrow him for a long weekend before you dumped him, though. I would’ve returned him in one piece. Mostly.” This time she laughed loudly.
This time, it started innocently enough, technically, by the two cuddling up on the couch, watching a movie on Netflix. But it's called Netflix and Chill for a reason, and the movie was soon just background noise to the couple making out on the couch.
Sam chuckled. “It’s the tradition, but I’m not sure if it actually does anything. It’s just fun.” He finished with a shrug.
"But they're your favorites, I shouldn't have been so harsh," Cas admitted as well, snuggling into Dean. "And I never should've said that Harrison Ford wasn't attractive."
“Here, try this one first, it’s one of my favorites,” Dean said a few moments later, interrupting Castiel’s thought process by shoving a bright yellow miniaturized candy bar in his face. “It’s called a Butterfinger, and you’ll probably like it too, since it’s peanut butter-y goodness.” The hunter smiled goofily, and it warmed every part of Castiel, down to his toes.
Sam opened his mouth to insult him back, just like he always did, then shut it without a sound when he realized that might not be the best of ideas while Dean was in his current agitated state. Instead, he focused on the problem at hand. "Did you see if the demon did anything that could've triggered a spell before you stabbed her? Maybe something that you touched that might've had a curse on it?"
Mrs. Butters echoed the same sentiment a few moments later, as she came out carrying a huge container full of steaming mashed potatoes, made from real potatoes and not powder. “I’m so happy to see you enjoy learning about the history of the holiday, even if your version is a bit…”
Dean, on the other hand, started to get annoyed. Was Cas already starting to treat him like he’d always been a girl? Him and Sam better not be going around treating him like he’s any less of a strong, capable man, even if he wasn’t technically one at the moment. He refused to be thought of as weak. And damn it, he was going to prove it to them, but especially to himself. He stood up onto his annoyingly dainty, even inside manly combat boots (from the women’s side of the shoe department), feet and headed to his room to grab his laptop.
“Yes, Dean,” Castiel murmured, coming even closer now. “The green pair, and the pink ones, and those beautiful ivory ones with the peach trim,” he listed. “But this pair is definitely my favorite so far.”
“Kid’s a total genius, had his pick of places,” Dean explained. “He only picked Stanford to be near me.”
“Thanks,” Castiel said, catching Dean’s eyes in the darkened car, and having trouble looking away again. They’d been having that problem a lot lately, actually…
"Did you just say that Harrison Ford isn't hot as fuck?" Dean croaked, unable to believe the blasphemy that had just spewed forth from the supposedly angelic mouth in front of him.
Dean grabbed Cas’ ass, one hand on each cheek, and squeezed while thrusting his hips at the same time. The sound that came out of Cas’ mouth could only be described as a desperate whine.
“Even if that dick bag hadn’t been lying the whole time, you were still risking your life,” Dean pointed out, his hands angrily waving in the air doing at least half of his talking by now. “Even if you are apparently a true Winchester now with the dying and coming back deal, if we hadn’t got here when we did, you might’ve bit the permanent big one. I’m not willing to lose you like that.” Dean finally calmed down for that final sentence, giving Castiel a painful pang in his heart at how vulnerable Dean sounded in that moment.
Cas smiled, seeing exactly where this was going. Without a word, they both stood up and hurried towards the parking garage, their coffee mugs long forgotten. “We should have told Sam years ago,” Cas said as they walked excitedly. Dean laughed, his earlier embarrassment so far gone it was like it never happened.
“My apologies,” Cas said sincerely. “I’m sure the food is spectacular, but I can’t actually taste anything.”
“Lookin’ good, Cas,” Dean called down, using his flirtiest voice. Maybe this would keep him entertained.
“When I brought you back,” Castiel repeated, raising an eyebrow at Dean to let him know that he wouldn’t allow interruptions this time. “Your body had been destroyed by the hell hounds before sitting in a coffin for four months, so I had to… remake it, almost from scratch.”
“No problem,” Cas said, before heading quickly back to his own booth, probably in a hurry to eat his own baked treat.
“Wear those next time,” he decided out loud, and Dean nodded in agreement before they went back to lazily kissing. Their multiple messes could be cleaned up later. Right now, they needed post-coital cuddles more.
Dean finally looked up from his hands, which he’d been staring at for the vast majority of the conversation, and stared Cas right in the eyes. “I love you too, Cas, but I’m afraid I don’t know how to deal with it,” he admitted, hesitantly smiling when he finished speaking.
"Well, that's it, then," Castiel said, trying to hide his regret. "You were amazing, Dean," he added, because he needed to congratulate the model for being that great at his job, and needed to pep himself up for the next person, too.
“It was beautiful,” Castiel said, not sure if that was the right ting to say at a time like this, but still wanting to be completely honest. He also didn’t want Dean to feel any shame in his choice in clothing.
“I’m all filled back up again, though, so don’t worry too much,” Dean said with a laugh, pulling the neck of his t-shirt aside to show off the upper beginnings of his scar collection.
Castiel smiled at the memory. “I’m still amazed she only ended up in the hospital twice. Thank god it was only a concussion the first time and a broken arm the second.”
“You would,” Castiel insisted. “In the grand scheme of things, Dean, I’m not really all that important.”
"I meant every word." Cas trailed his hands down from Dean's hair to rub at his back, relaxing completely at the sound of contentment that Dean couldn't help but let out.
All of these images flashed past as Castiel took one last look around. Twenty five years in this place, and so many memories. He made sure to pack every last one of them tightly in his mind, so that they would never leave him, no matter how far away he went.
It was definitely lust at first sight for the photographer, but those eyes made him curious enough about the man to want to know more. Castiel was frozen, could barely even breathe, because Meg had severely underestimated his reaction. He could feel his face blush, and was suddenly thankful that his side of the camera was usually difficult to see through because of all the set lights.
Dean was tight, but it felt amazing, and when he clenched his muscles and became even tighter, Castiel started babbling in Enochian. The feeling was indescribable using human words, and even his natural language could barely capture the sensations, and it was originally intended to talk about his Father, who was literally God. And once the angel found that certain spot in Dean’s anatomy that made him all but scream in ecstasy, even Enochian wasn’t enough. This was pure bliss, and Castiel could never get enough of it.
“Are you sure you’re up to this right now, Dean?” Cas asked, obviously trying to not look condescending as he said it, though the words themselves made it kind of a moot point.
“I had incentive,” Cas replied with a smirk, and Dean could already feel his pants get tighter. Oh, he was so fucked, bad as well as good. Cas threw in the salt as Dean tossed in the Bic lighter. The flame whooshed up, unnaturally large like it usually was when they were destroying a ghost. Dean’s phone beeped a minute later, a text from Sam telling them they torched the body in time and everybody was safe. Dean sent one back about him heading to a motel real quick first to wash up cuz he was so grimy, his hands only shaking a little from being so nervous. Then he put away his phone and looked over at Cas, who had only put his shirt back on, untucked and partially unbuttoned. “So, uh…?” Dean mumbled.
The guy turned around then, and with a smile plastered on his face, said, “I got the pizza you ordered…” Then Dean stuttered and dropped the empty box when he saw that Sam had answered the door. “What the hell are you doing here?” He yelped, trying to cover up his tight t-shirt and shorts as if he were naked instead.
“That’d be great,” Cas said, before flashing Dean a smile that almost made the blue eyes not seem as adorably hot. Almost.
Dean let out a sigh of relief. "Oh thank god, I was regressing to high school there for a minute." He smiled in a way that made Castiel's heart flutter. "I'd give you my number, but these boxers don't really have a space to keep a phone or a pen or whatever."
“He just wants to mooch off my generosity,” Dean corrected him with a laugh. "He’d rather wrestle an alligator than do laundry or cook, so it was either near me, or near mom, and unlike her I don’t ask him a billion questions about his classes, his grades, his social life, his dating life, etcetera etcetera,” Dean finished, even mimicking a person talking nonstop with his hand.
“God no,” Dean all but yelped. “Never again. Apple pies should never have to suffer like that, ever again. And the stove stunk for at least five months, no matter what I used to clean it.” They both smiled, living in the past for just a few more moments.
“Yeah,” Dean admitted, still blushing like a fire hydrant. “I never would’ve forced you to like that, if I’d known,” he explained desperately.
Castiel flinched as he automatically caught the heavy lump of a thing that Dean tossed his way without warning. “Aren’t you supposed to shout ‘Catch’ or something before throwing things at people?” he asked, staring at the bag now in his hands. It was one of those colorful bags of candy from the grocery store, covered in child friendly images of ghosts and werewolves and other monsters, that were used to be passed out to trick or treaters at Halloween.
An arm shot up from the mountain of dishware and other home-goods, an obnoxiously bright colored box in its hand. “Then I repeat,” Dean repeated, “what the hell is this?”
“I’d love that,” Cas agreed, sneaking a quick look over to the empty area around the appetizer table. It was a very telling emptiness, especially since all three trays were still almost completely full this far into the reunion.
“Later,” Castiel said, before shoving his mouth into Dean’s. The hunter opened up immediately; the taste, something he’d never really thought about before, was better than anything he could’ve imagined. While they kissed, Dean’s hands started pulling at Castiel’s shirt while his own were sneaking their way down the hunter’s pants, falling even more in love with this particular pair of panties as he felt how soft they were, though the hard muscle beneath them was much better.
Castiel let out a soft laugh. “Of course, Dean. I expect nothing from you but the most gentlemanly of behavior.”
“I still hate you both right now,” Dean mumbled, knowing full well that Cas could hear every word. Cas just ignored it as he led Dean towards the Impala.
“So Gabe is a bit,” Castiel hesitated, not sure which word would work best in this situation, “a bit spirited.”
While Dean had been trying to not have a panic attack or ten, Sam and Cas had been discussing the situation, and what he’d found so far from his research. “I’ve found a ton of instances of people changing gender from spells and curses,” Sam said, after he’d caught the angel up on the situation. “But they were all really obvious when they were cast. Lots of chanting, or a bunch of ingredients, usually something showy like that, or at least some kind of amulet or obvious curse item. But having something like this happen out of the blue, with zero fanfare, after killing off an insignificant demon, it just doesn’t make sense.”
Dean actually had to stop himself from crying as he tried on all the clothing in his room. The only good part was that he'd lucked out and ended up with a bra, a package of underwear, and a pair of jeans that fit. Scowling in extreme unhappiness as he grabbed a random shirt and his baggiest flannel, he slipped them both on to cover up his traitorous body.
"Oh, I did that ages ago," Cas teased, and fully laughed when he felt Dean's hand slap his ass, hard.
Dean ducked his head away, but Castiel could already see that his earlier blush was right back where it had been, and even deeper than before. "Uh, yeah," Dean mumbled, but it was loud enough for him to hear.
“You know that she’s always had an eye for you, even back when we first started dating,” Castiel reminded him, though even as weak excuses went, this one was obscenely pathetic.
Castiel was still distracted with his not-exactly-kid-friendly thoughts when he heard his name being called. He pushed Claire up to get their ice cream, and was about to start looking for an empty table at the crowded ice cream stand when he saw Dean waving them over.
Meg gave him a look that obviously told him she knew he was lying, and that she knew exactly why. "Well, you guys have some fun, but make it quick so nobody gets too antsy, and I'll be back in a few." She winked at Castiel before closing the door, her expression far too smug for the photographer's liking.
“But only if you wear your panties,” Castiel thought to add, since that was by far the sexiest piece of clothing Dean could ever wear.
“Better late than never,” he reminded Dean, and they smiled at each other like lovesick high school kids.
“Some are, some aren’t,” Sam said with a shrug. “Like this one.” He pointed to a row of blank letter boxes. “It’s been annoying me, because I really don’t want to cheat by looking it up.”
“It’s okay, Dean,” Castiel said, kissing him lightly once again. “But now that you’re aware that they are, try and not encourage them. I don’t want to have to fight off any more men like Crowley who think they can take you from me.” Castiel made a grumpy face, knowing that it would cheer Dean up, as well as express how annoyed he was at Crowley.
“Oh, you’ve had all the deeds and legalities of my ass for ages now,” Dean replied, sticking his tongue out at Castiel. “All my other bits too, dangly or otherwise.”
“Well, I don’t need your damn help,” Dean hissed. “Just because I’m a girl doesn’t mean you need to go out of your way to protect me. You don’t have to treat me different right now, you don’t have to do any of that sexist bullshit, Cas.”
That was the signal that it was time to go to work for real. Blowing Cas' mind while blowing him was Dean's favorite new hobby, and he was definitely getting skilled at it. Taking in just the head of the penis, Dean suckled it, marveling at the mewling noises now coming from the other end of the couch. Playing a tiny bit with the sensitive, special spot underneath, Dean started to suck the rest of Cas' cock into his mouth, slowly, with movements of his tongue only making the sensation more intense.
"Yeah," Dean breathily admitted, straining to reach the coveted lube. "And because I love fucking you senseless." He strained further, only to slip off of Cas' thighs altogether.
“What the hell?” Castiel said without thinking, since the pineapple briefs didn’t deserve much more thought than that.
"Putting Nair in your shampoo," Dean threatened playfully, or at least mostly playful. Dean had no idea what was going on, and he was getting frustrated, and Cas was probably just as frustrated if not more, and there was no telling how long they'd be actually stuck together, so his brother's teasing was not on his list of things he felt like dealing with right now. Some of that must've shown on his face, though, because Sam was quiet until they were in the Impala, on the way back to Lebanon. Then he had no choice in talking points, since Dean turned the stereo up as far as he could without actually bursting their eardrums.
Mrs. Butters sat at the end of the table, looking smug. “Jack, you can have one end.” She paused for a second, looking between Dean and Cas. “And Dean, you can take the other side.”
“Oughta take off the shirt too, then,” Dean suggested innocently. “White fabric gets stained super easy.”
“Sounds great,” Dean said, already stoked. It could be a freaking Nicholas Sparks movie and he’d still be happy, because he was sitting next to Cas on a date.
“Revenge, Cas, revenge,” Dean informed him. “Remember when I said we couldn’t have sex in the Impala in case he noticed something off?”
A few minutes, and two cups of coffee from the food venders in hand, later, Dean walked up to Cas’ booth, feeling a fair bit better, and hopefully nowhere near as awkward. “Didn’t know how you took your coffee, so I grabbed a bit of everything,” he explained as he held one of the cups out to Cas. “Or if you even wanted coffee, for that matter. If not, I can drink it myself.” Once again, feeling all of sixteen, Dean actually had to stop himself from babbling. Did this guy somehow manage to get hotter while he was gone?
“Yeah, thanks Cas,” Dean replied through the embarrassment blushing. He put his hand on Cas’ to give him a bit of reassurance back, then Cas put his other hand on top of his, and it felt really happy squishy good. So good that Dean panicked and grabbed his hand away like a werewolf was about to bite it, or some other equally dire positioning. No chick flick moments, damn it, even if he was, very temporarily, a chick himself.
Castiel reminisces about his life and family with Dean as they're about to move to a new state and new memories.
“No problem, Cas,” he replied, grinning and making Castiel wish he were just a little bit bolder. He didn’t see a ring, so maybe his chances weren’t completely hopeless?
“You new around the neighborhood?” Dean asked, obviously much better at this whole conversation thing.
Cas’ expression went from dejection to something resembling, not quite hope, but only a step or so away from it. But all he did was nod, to let Dean know he could continue.
Cas ground into Dean's hips even harder, causing their cocks to smash inwards, and Dean to let out a yelp of his own pleasurepain. "You're much sexier," the angel said soothingly, before repeating the move and smiling confidently at Dean's second yelp.
Depression sucks, my apologies. I'm working on catching up with these, so expect new chapters... at some point...
Cas tugged at the hem of his skirt self-consciously. “The babysitter in the video was also wearing a skirt, Dean, so I thought…”
Dean’s breathing was ragged, his skin flushed to a deep crimson. “Do you… do you want to know more?”
Sam closed the text message he'd been reading and went to meet the voice's owner at the foot of the stairs. There stood a woman with light brown hair and an equally light dusting of freckles, wearing men's clothes that were way too big for her. She was also wearing the most pissed off expression the younger Winchester had ever seen.
Dean’s face fell, but he nodded. “It’s an excuse more than anything, but I’m still not used to this whole guys hitting on me thing, you know? Sam says they’ve been doing it for years, but I seriously didn’t realize it until you asked me out. So I really am sorry.”
Dean let out one more bliss-filled sigh. “And it still probably won’t be enough,” he quipped, trying, and failing, to not sound like the kind of character that Ryan Gosling would play in the movie.
“You will never understand just how much I hate you right now, Sammy,” Dean mumbled, but did as Cas had suggested and moved around to the other side of the bed. As soon as they were just a few feet apart, Cas stopped his weird new literal drifting. "Guess this means Cas gets shotgun on the way back to the bunker." Even though everything about their current predicament was serious, the angel still smirked a tiny bit, since Sam pretty much always got to sit in the front seat when he was there.
“You are way too overdressed right now,” Dean grumbled, pulling away from Cas’ mouth just to voice that complaint.
“Damn him,” Dean muttered, and the others both added their own “Agreed.” The rest of the evening was fun, at least, even if no concrete revenge plans were laid.
Dean knew Cas would never understand, but there was something about the sounds he made when Dean was blowing him. He'd probably deny it if asked, but Dean had a praise kink a mile long, and those sounds, those noises, the garbled words, they were the absolute best praise of all.
Dean laughed. "That's a big family. It's just me, Sammy, and my parents, so huge families seem like a foreign concept almost."
Dean mentally grumbled his way through four more sales, before the large coffee he’d drank with two donuts in place of a healthy breakfast informed his bladder that a urinal would be required shortly. He glanced around, frowning at how busy the place had been getting while he’d been ignoring it in favor of sketching. It wasn’t some huge city like New York or LA, where his stuff would be stolen if he looked away for more than five seconds, but he really didn’t feel comfortable leaving it completely unguarded for the few minutes a bathroom break would take. He let out a frustrated sigh as he noticed that most of the other booths had at least two people at them. Damn, should’ve thought of that before he told Sammy that he wouldn’t need him again until it was time to take the booth back down again at the end of the show. There was no way he could hold it in for another few hours.
But the green eyed guy just laughed. “Yeah, Emma’s one hell of a handful most days, and I keep telling this one,” he said, pointing at the baby in the stroller next to him, “that he's never allowed to get as big as his sister.”
“No, don’t get into that again, Dean,” Castiel responded immediately. “This professorship is what you’ve always dreamed of, so I don’t mind in the slightest that we have to move halfway across the country for you to take it.”
Near the end of dinner, Sam scooted his chair back loudly, letting out an aggravated huff of breath as he did so. “Okay, I seriously can’t sit here any longer watching you guys telepathically flirt with each other or whatever it is you do with the eye sex thing. It’s so damn sappy I’m gonna vomit,” Sam complained, then left the room with just his bottle of beer.
And the two just smiled at each other as the chuckles died down, before Dean let out a sharp gasp as his body started to feel weird. It was like the tingling from before, only this time there was some pain attached. “Cas,” he stuttered, as the angel came over to hold him. “What’s…” Dean didn’t have time to finish his question before there were multiple ripping sounds, and moments of stinging pain.
The spell broke when the model chuckled nervously. “Uh, I’m Dean,” he introduced himself, and Castiel had to forcibly shake himself out of his stupor.
Meg gave the model one last look as he walked past her. "So destroyed," she said to Castiel when Dean was out of earshot.
Dean glared at the demon, at least understanding the situation enough to know that the demon was trying to exclude Castiel in his invitation. “You’ve been acting like a bigger ass than usual lately, Crowley,” he said, finally at least getting part of it. “You have something against Cas that I need to know about?” He almost seemed to puff himself up to look more intimidating, which wasn’t exactly necessary since Crowley was both shorter than him, and sitting down, but Castiel still thought it was sweet that his idiot of a boyfriend was at least aware enough to want to defend him.
