It is also very common for patients with a PE to be frightened. They are usually quite aware of the severity of the problem. That, combined with feeling "air hungry," is a very uncomfortable feeling. And, as John discovers, it is also very uncomfortable and unsettling to watch.
A few texts are exchanged confirming availability and Molly makes sure to mention in one of them that Greg is there visiting. When the call connects, it is three people at the table on Baker Street on one screen, two people on a black leather couch on the other.
Sam clipped the leash to her collar, and John, Sam, and Rosie crossed the room to the door. The dog went to the door with them, then turned to look over her shoulder - and then balked, refusing to leave the flat until Sherlock grudgingly joined them. She wound her leash around his ankles, much to his dismay, and continued to look up at him with something John might have called affection (except that he didn't want to speak that out loud just yet). There had been enough eye-rolling already, and John didn't want to push it.
Eventually, John manages a genuine smile as he realises that Sherlock is correct, that Rosie should - in all likelihood - be fine off at university. "Okay. You're right. It's just ..."
With a regal tilt of his head and an intentional blink, the man didn't answer the question. "What is your connection to Sherlock Holmes?"
. And it is good. "Rosie's not up yet, best I can tell. We can have a few minutes of peace." It appeals to John, just the two of them in the morning, back to at least a whisper and an echo of their routine. "Tea."
"Seen it separately, of course, saddle PE this size, sure, absolutely. And the occasional arterial thrombosis of an arm, yes. But never in combination." Dr. Benson is serious, "Read about it. It's certainly in the literature."
Neither apparently wanted to be the first to disconnect, but finally John chuckled once more, whispered his farewell again, and ended the call.
The A&E is set up as something of a funnel, a gatekeeper between intake from the outside world and the rest of the hospital services. John is somber as he turns his steps toward the depths of the building, wondering if Sherlock had even been awake when he'd taken a similar route earlier. Blowing out a breath between pursed lips, he keeps an eye out for signs and has no qualms about trying to get as far as he can. There is a small waiting room inside the radiology suite, and he taps on the glass door to get someone's attention.
The last thing a seasoned nurse wants to do to a patient who has no oxygen reserve and is teetering on the cliff of instability is a stressful turn, reposition, or bath. It is a recipe for disaster. This same seasoned nurse will banish you from the room if you continue to talk to this patient after being advised not to. John knows quite well that it is really important to follow those directions.
Mycroft, John discovers, is very uncomfortable. Squeamish. Whether it is hospitals in general or Sherlock in hospitals, he doesn't know. Either way, he only stays a few minutes, promises to stay in touch, threatens to remove John forcibly if he doesn't leave the building later today. He reminds him that John should not test him in this, that Mycroft will assure it happens willingly or not. They share small smiles at that memory, and then Mycroft presses a business card into his hand. "There is guaranteed twenty-four, seven reach-ability if you need transport, errands, or access to me if for some reason you fail to get through on my mobile. I do expect to be accessible, but, well, hang on to that."
"Right. Six hours ago. And we adjusted the rate, have to make sure the new dose is correct. That it's working."
"It's okay. Your state of mind when you get home is on ... decompressing. You're understandably ..."
He scrabbled up his meager gear - jacket, bag, water bottle given him in A&E - and followed. "It went all right then?" he asked. "Keeping the leg?"
"An Uber confirmation for a ride to Baker Street is probably the only ..." He sighs when he sees John's uninspired expression and then watches him as he rummages in the backpack. "Rosie. Of course. I'll like that. Unless she decides this is all too scary and begins to shriek uncontroll--"
"Noted." They were managing, now and again, but mostly, they were both tired and it was fine. John didn't press about that, either.
"Yes." John could have added many things, clarified it, explained it, but he didn't. He waited patiently, expectantly, calm.
For a brief moment, he looks around, lays eyes on the faces waiting, expectantly. Many are familiar.
Rosie, the blue crayon not leaving her hand with which she was filling in a flower on the page, held out the container so he could pick the one he wanted.
"Blood clot in the lung, was what you said." From behind the oxygen mask, Sherlock looks at John, a little bit accusatory. "From clot in the leg."
"I know." The smile that Sherlock returns is broad, slightly lopsided, and full of promise. "Which is why this is the perfect time to tell you what I'm thinking about doing."
The words trailed off. Sherlock wanted to gather John close, tuck his head under his chin, stroke his back, and provide comfort in what had obviously been a very distressing situation. But he waited, at least for a bit, let John work through it. But when the time was right, he'd be ... relieved himself.
Transferring out of the ICU is scary for a lot of people.  I minimised the angst in this piece, but often patients are frightened that they'll get overlooked, families are frightened to go home, and sometimes the nurses worry that the level of care is perhaps less than the patients may still need.  We're all okay here, though.  Sometimes, getting out of ICU feels absolutely amazing though, and it's good, as John does here, to focus on the positive.
This is an absolutely great article about all of the procedure, the contraindications, the technical aspects of it:
, the charged atmospheric sensation that he'd truly interrupted something. Something important, something special, he wasn't sure, and as such, he stepped inside the room, closed the curtain behind him to give them a brief moment of privacy.
John said low, not quite a threat but almost. John tried to lessen the intensity of the conversation, and glanced at Sameer, who was thankfully paying attention to him and trying not to laugh at John's frustration with Sherlock. "Does the phrase 'choose your battles' make sense?" Sameer tilted his head as he thought about it, but a moment later he shook side to side, no it doesn't. "It means only getting upset about the important things. It means letting some things slide off you, not bother you, because it's just not worth it. Choosing which things to get riled up about."
One noteworthy case known as the "Jim Twins" documents details about twins separated at birth, in which a set of identical male twins was adopted shortly after birth and still managed to have an uncanny similar lifestyle, including names and appearances of the woman they married, names of their children, pets, intrinsic strengths, vocational interests, and vacation preferences.
"One what," she says. "I don't see anything. And I don't think I see you, either," she directs at John. There is the faint sound of a chuckle as she leaves, only to return a few moments later with extra toothbrush, toothpaste, towel, and hospital slippers. With a wriggle of her eyebrows at the two of them, she ghosts from the room, the door closing completely behind her.
These are all snippets of vague things I remember and they sort of rise to the surface. The details are vague but the fear that was very real.
"I've asked one of those to speak first, although initially he turned me down but I pressed hard for a yes." Mike smiles again, thoughtful. "When I asked him to open things, he asked that I keep the bar low, not set him up too much." With a wry smile, his brows raise with a little suspicious wriggle. "But I've been setting him up for years, right?" His smile is a little bit mischievous and he keeps speaking. "You'll just have to trust me that he is our perfect keynote opener. John?" Mike says nothing further and does not even wait for John to take the podium, the lectern behind the microphone.
Cold fingers seem to be creeping out from the centre of John's chest, the faint perspiration behind his neck, under his arms.
The morning passes slowly, broken up by visits from the nurses, doctors, and others. The phlebotomist, who by the time does the actual venipuncture, her hands are shaking because Sherlock has her so rattled. The results, once they arrive, are within expected ranges and there are no further adjustments necessary. A few physicians stop by, and all seem to agree that the heparin will run until tomorrow and Sherlock should be safe for discharge. The case manager is very black and white about the oxygen, which John finds helpful. She explains that, if he qualifies for it, which he should, she will order it and the rental company will deliver it to the flat later this afternoon.
John set the cups down, glancing between them uneasily. There was a concern that he readily picked up on. "Everything all right?"
The muscle effort is strong, harsh, and tight, until finally the coughing spell seems to settle and the force is not quite so hard. "Something's wrong," Sherlock finally whispers.
John trusts he is casual enough. "Don't make this a bigger deal than it is." Sherlock protests more, and John cuts him off as he slides on gloves from the holder right next to the sink. "Just stop it. It's that or a catheter." The frown on Sherlock's face, clearly a comprehension issue, although they have been talking a lot about IV catheters too. "A little tube they slide in through your penis. Drains urine."
"They're idiots." John decides for a new tactic, a diversion if nothing else, so he leans in, sucks a huge kiss over Sherlock's lips, pestering with his tongue, his jaw, to be let in, opened up, permitted. They snog a long minute or two, until John eases back. "I hear most people are idiots, actually."
He stood up short, his neck stretching up and his shoulders coming back in some sort of offended posture. "I wouldn't know," he admitted.
John had actually gone to the front windows to check on a new ominous sound outside - groaning and low creaking - when forked lightning struck a giant tree visible just at the near bend of the driveway. The tree split clear in two, flaming and smoking where the singed wood had been electrified, and fell completely across the drive.
There was something about him. Something deeper than first blush. Something intuitive. And Greg, only recently promoted to chief constable, sensed something more than just the look in his eyes or the keen brilliance. An unmet need. Deep-seated scars. Brokenness that he was trying very hard to hide. But
"You're serious?!" Molly was a little perplexed at the thought. ICU nurses, she knew, were headstrong when they needed to be, feisty with little provocation, and relatively vocal if something wasn't to their liking. "And they went along with that?" Her smile and nod were followed by a breathed out phrase, "Impressive, that."
“Why don’t you get right to it and tell us what favour you need,” Sherlock chimed in. “I’m sure I'll say no directly, but I believe John will require time to work out some kind of polite wording for a refusal.”
Rendered speechless, Sherlock found his awareness narrowed to the person in front of him. Dark blue eyes watching him uncertainly beneath sandy hair. It was just a few hours before he’d been forced to consider the possibility he might never see them again. But they were open now and active, searching his face.
But how serious was the separation? The presence of two suitcases—overstuffed, which contrasted with Sherlock’s knowledge of John to be a light packer—negated any impulsive, storm-out scenario. Time and effort had been spent packing. Sherlock didn’t need to open the bags to know they’d been packed with military fastidiousness: shirts folded crisply and pants rolled tightly to maximise space. John clearly meant to avoid having to go back to Mary’s for as long as possible. Very serious.
Mrs. Bennis must have noticed his discomfort because she quickly added, “Oh no, I didn’t mean any slight against you. Of course you’re a very handsome man yourself, but I can just tell..." Her focus softened as she gazed off toward the dining room again. “A man like that is difficult. Complicated. You’ll have to fight for him. But he’s worth it.” She looked back at John and gave him a knowing smile. “Men like that always are.”
Sherlock surprised him by breaking off and dropping his face to John’s neck. He pulled his hands out from under John’s shirt and wrapped them around his back, pulling him in tightly. He stayed still, steadying his breathing, and John embraced him, holding him securely beneath his open shirt.
In the following three weeks John had six more nightmares. He didn’t always shout out loud like the first time, but Sherlock, awake most nights working or neglecting sleep as a general habit, had listened carefully for sounds of movement—distress—and crept up the stairs each time he heard it.
time together that I needed to win, that I could have won… But you were on the roof and I couldn’t think… I said everything wrong. There wasn’t enough time. And you—” John looked over and for a moment there was an emotion in his eyes Sherlock didn’t recognise, but he blinked and it was gone. John looked away and shrugged. “And you jumped.”
As Sherlock ascended the stairs to the flat he wondered if he should tell John about looking for the drugs, the possibility of getting what he knew would be a necessary second charge to pin on Moran. As he reached the door he decided he wouldn’t. Until Sherlock had gotten his mind palace completely back in order it would be preferable for the two of them to spend the least amount of time together as possible. He could finish this case on his own.
there had been no pulse. Sherlock had cut it off himself to trick him. His anger flared. His hold, which had slackened slightly in surprise at the force of Sherlock’s pulse, retightened to a death grip. His dominant hand crushing Sherlock’s dominant wrist.
“Oi, Watson!” Lee Sullivan called, jogging up to him and slapping his congratulations around his shoulders. “That footwork was lousy,” he said, broad smile giving him away. “It’s one thing if you don’t care about the game, but would you mind not cocking it up for the rest of us?”
Throwing on his jacket, John stopped on the landing as achingly beautiful notes floated through the door and wrapped themselves around him. He stayed for a minute, listening, and then he quietly pushed the door back open. He could see Sherlock still facing away toward the window—graceful movement of sharp shoulder blades.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and Lestrade raised his eyebrows. Really, what had gotten into John today? He was concerningly chipper.
Lestrade wanted to object to this on the grounds that he was a grown man who would do what he liked. However, something about Mycroft’s demeanour, his ability to subdue Sherlock, and his umbrella, prevented Lestrade from protesting. There was also the fact, Lestrade had realised last night, that no one had contacted Mycroft about Sherlock’s overdose. He’d appeared at the hospital before anyone had even discovered his connection to the boy in room thirty-four. Lestrade firmly decided against crossing him.
“It’s been scrubbed within an inch of its life,” Sherlock lamented. “It’s horrible. Absolutely no dust left. Not one speck.”
At first he couldn’t hear individual words, but then they came through in snatches. The word ‘idiot,’ and the word ‘stupid.’ John almost laughed, shaking his head in disbelief. He was probably lying in a coma somewhere and Sherlock was calling him an idiot. It figured.
“Why did they stab him then?" John was nothing if not tenacious. "If an autopsy wouldn’t find the poison, why bother trying to hide it by making it look like a stabbing?”
John thought uncharitably. But in his defence he was sore and exhausted from sleeping on the floor all night and—
Sherlock pressed the appropriate buzzer. He looked directly into a hidden camera John would never have noticed, and John watched his face shift to ‘all charm’ when the old woman answered (manipulative bastard). He introduced them as Detective Inspectors Lestrade and Wilkins. A flash of Lestrade’s badge sealed the deal.
It was funny—John looked at their hands, his turned up, holding the phone, Sherlock’s hand covering it—if the phone wasn’t between them Sherlock would be holding his hand.
“I know you’re supposed to leave now because I told you that, but”—Sherlock’s smaller hand tightened around John’s—“but don’t go. I’m sorry if it’s not enough but it’s everything I have. Please, stay with me.”
“He’s lying wound-side-down!” Sherlock said indicating the victim’s position with a sweep of his hand. Receiving no affirmation of understanding he continued with feigned reluctance. Emphasis on ‘feigned.’ Lestrade, of all people, knew exactly how well Sherlock loved this: showing off, launching into intricate explanations that made every other person in the room feel like a right muppet. Lestrade wondered how many people, apart from himself, regularly imagined strangling Sherlock with that damned scarf.
John dropped his head. "Bugger." He looked back up and met Sherlock's eyes. He straightened his shoulders. "Ok," he said, "tell me where to put my hands." Sherlock felt a grin tug the corner of his mouth. Soldiers fear no waltz positions.
“I don’t know what happened.” She stepped from John’s chair to stand in front of them. “But I believe she was killed.” She removed her bra, and John was forced to notice, despite the inappropriateness in the context of the conversation, that she had nice—he cleared his throat—very nice breasts.
He sighed into John's t-shirt. He couldn't think about this now. It was a future bridge to be crossed (or demolished with dynamite) when he came to it. There were more pressing matters at hand. Moran for one. And to deal with them, first they would have to get off the floor. He cast about for ideas, careful not to move while John's regular breathing told him he was still asleep.
“He’s direct isn’t he?” Bauer said to John, who merely twitched his mouth to a half-smile. She looked back at Sherlock and said, “Well, I think it’s good to be assertive.” She licked her lips unconsciously and he was aware of John rolling his eyes next to him. If John had changed his mind about the necessity of playing polite, perhaps he would be able to properly cringe at the couch now.
“You—what?” There were clouds covering the moon and Sherlock’s ivory skin was striking against his dark hair, against the dark night.
“Come with me”—Sherlock offered John his hand again—“I’ll explain when I have the complete results.”
Boredom made him mischievous. Any lack of attention made him intolerably obnoxious. Sherlock needed constant attention, and unfortunately negative attention—scolding from adults and insults from peers—would do just as well as positive.
“Oh Sherlock you make everything so difficult”—she took a deep breath—“Yes, that’s him. We planned to go together, but just this morning his daughter called with some kind of scheduling emergency and now he has to look after his grandchildren on Thursday.”
It occurred to Sherlock that John was the only person who ever made smiles want to break out across his face. He attempted to stifle one now as he said, “John, your courage is truly impressive.”
put him a bit off balance. Not that he discounted his own appeal with women (in fact he'd had a fair bit of success not only in London but across three continents over the course of his life). However, he also had to acknowledge that in his considerable number of past relationships, he'd never actually been standing next to Sherlock when he met any of his girlfriends. Was she not aware there was a tall, dark, and reportedly gorgeous detective in the room with them now? Maybe it was because Sherlock was in his pyjamas... But then Sherlock looked better in his pyjamas than most men did in a tux. Tosser.
John was in the kitchen, wearing one of Sherlock’s favourite striped jumpers, putting the kettle on. He turned at the sound of the door, eyes lighting when they rested on Sherlock’s face. He was momentarily taken aback as he witnessed, in reality, the exact scene he used to play in his mind when he was away from London. He walked into the kitchen, drawn to John as though they were magnetised.
Sherlock knew how to handle it. “I rarely do,” he said, pushing forward into John’s space and earning a flutter of his eyelashes which broke the glare. John looked up at him with renewed attention and Sherlock continued, “The better theory is this: Amy Elliot’s poisoning was a mistake. She wasn’t part of the plan. An unexpected casualty.”
“Simplicity!” Sherlock yelled, disappearing into his bedroom. When he arrived back in the living room he was carrying a black duffel bag. “While rarely useful in my work, it should never be entirely overlooked. John, you are the very reminder of simplicity.”
“Ok,” Moran said, standing up. “Here’s my decision. We’ll let fate decide. We know you have a penchant for miraculous escapes, so we’ll see if you can pull one out of your hat tonight.”
He ran his hand through Sherlock’s hair again and the detective’s eyes fell shut. John continued in steady stokes until Sherlock’s breathing slowed and evened—an unorthodox addition to his repertoire of patient care, but he supposed he had thrown out treating Sherlock like a patient the moment he’d kissed him, or rather the moment he’d climbed into bed with him. (House calls, maybe. Bed calls, never. At least not until now.)
“No?” she asked. Her smile showed her teeth. She backed off of Sherlock’s chair and moved toward John’s.
“That’s right,” Lestrade continued, “it’s my waking nightmare that one of these days you’re going to show up at Scotland Yard with a bunch of old ladies claiming some kind of criminal knitting network conspiracy, and the worst part is I’m going to
Sherlock felt his fingers clench the chair's arm. It was true; he hadn’t noticed. The information was there, subconsciously recorded; his mind had tried to warn him in the dream just a few days ago, lying on the living room floor, holding onto John:
Moran looked toward Russians. “My apologies for the interruption. I assure you it will be dealt with appropriately.”
Sherlock moved from where he'd been watching John to stand beside him. "Watch my feet," he said. "Do what I do."
Sherlock was clearly not enjoying being unaware of what John was talking about. John could have exploited this rare moment—holding information Sherlock didn’t have—as Sherlock would have done, but he was John, and he didn’t.
More than a little curious he opened it and pulled out one of the last things he could have expected John to hand him on the street in a brown paper bag.
Or perhaps it was just further evidence that John was indeed mad. Sherlock leapt to his feet and held out his hand. John took it, allowing Sherlock to help him to his feet.
He took Sherlock’s ID from his wallet. There was a twenty-four hour pharmacy a few blocks away. He cast a glance back at Sherlock’s bedroom. He would be back soon.
But Sherlock was ready for it. “I always know what you think; it’s rarely interesting and usually to do with tea.”
Sherlock’s grip was loose and John was able to spin around underneath him so that he was on his stomach. Before Sherlock could put enough pressure on him, John pulled his knees under him, and pushed up and back against Sherlock, throwing him off and standing.
Sherlock dipped his hand down and John felt the weight of his gun being lifted from the back of his jeans. His eyes fell shut.
“The papers haven’t even gone through yet,” Mary shot back at Sherlock. “I’m much closer to family than you are.”
Each time Sherlock entered it was clear that the warmth was emanating from John rather than the radiator, a mind palace defect perhaps, but the closer he moved toward John the warmer he felt, until he was standing directly in front of him and John would look up and the glow of his hair under the kitchen light and the brightness of his expression were enough to illuminate even the darkest places Sherlock found himself during those two years.
John pulled the sheets from the envelope and read out the relevant information. David Rodgers, thirty-five years old, lawyer: successful enough to afford a flat close to the park in Knightsbridge (the direction their cab was currently headed), unmarried, no children, no history of medical problems, no criminal record, nothing remarkable in his background that would make him a target for murder.
The dead man’s name was David Rodgers. Lestrade had spent the day back at the office acquiring the necessary information, making an extra copy of the file for Sherlock. The upper circles of Scotland Yard had been more than a little displeased to discover his cooperation with Sherlock in the past, but rather than terminate his working relationship with the consulting detective, he’d gone to considerable lengths to ensure they didn’t find out about it again. Donovan and Anderson, shocked to the core after Sherlock’s suicide (even despite it turning out to be fake), would not be running to any Chief Superintendents again anytime soon.
. But now, with the floodgates down between his conscious and subconscious mind, he could see it for what it was. Nearly all of Moriarty’s words and actions were either implicitly or explicitly sexual. A confrontation with a weakness that had nothing to do with Ricoletti or Moriarty but in fact had everything to do with John.
He felt Sherlock struggle briefly with something behind his back and then his hands were on him again, ungloved now, sliding through his hair, burning into the skin on the back of his neck, his face. Firm, gentle, the clever hands of a chemist.
John peeled his eyes open, brain rebelling at being dragged from sleep so early. Noise. Veritable racket. Danger? Battle? He rolled to his left and groaned. No,
“Because of the early age at which Sherlock learned the language, and because of Miss Mila, Czech seems to be tied to an emotional part of Sherlock’s mind. If he were ever to find himself in great
But as he passed through the corridor in the main building of the palace he paused at John's door. He looked at his watch and estimated the number of hours he'd been sleeping. Factoring in the lack of sleep from the previous two nights he grudgingly supposed he could allow his body a bit more time to rest. He opened the door.
John watched as Sherlock set the violin down on a stack of papers and wandered off behind him into the kitchen. He looked around the room and felt a pang of distress at the thought of all the cleaning he’d have to do. But beneath the haphazard hills of books and papers and dishes, it was still 221B.
Karina,” Sherlock explained as their cab wound through the London streets toward the strip club. “The woman we’re meeting tonight is Alexa. Probably not her real name. She’s worked at Monroe’s for a few years so she should have the information we need.”
John said he was wonderful and extraordinary and amazing. If someone like John could believe these things, then perhaps Sherlock’s ideas about himself weren’t entirely true.
He paused in front of the correct door this time. The last patient of the day. He would have to go home afterwards. He took a deep breath. He had forgiven Sherlock for so many things; he hoped Sherlock could forgive him for this.
“There we are,” Bauer said as she set the tea tray down on the coffee table. She sat down in a matching green armchair across from them. For John’s sake Sherlock made a half-effort restrain a grimace as he was forced to read, through scratches in the fabric, the various explicit scenes that had occurred there. His skill in deduction was one he wished he could at least occasionally turn off.
But on the other hand he knew the years were necessary. Without the girlfriends, even the wife, there wouldn’t be the same level of certainty he felt now. He knew with doubtless conviction that Sherlock was what he wanted, more than anyone or anything he’d ever wanted before. He held the side of Sherlock’s face, taking a moment to try to make himself believe it was real, that he could have this.
“I have something I want to say to you, and I want you to listen. Even if you completely disagree with it I want you to listen, and not say a word until I’m done speaking.”
He wouldn’t have survived long if it weren’t for Mycroft and his damned lists. Ever since that first night. Mycroft had found him; he didn’t know how. Wrecked and shaking—wrong doses; he was sure he hadn’t cared by that point. But still it wasn’t his worst overdose. Lestrade had found him for that one. It was a wakeup call that wouldn’t have lasted. For almost a year he’d stayed mostly sober (perhaps a few minor relapses using doses less than half of what he liked), but the needles sang to him at night and the familiar locations of his dealers pulled at him like a magnetic force no matter where he was on the city streets, growing stronger and harder to resist if he neared one.
“Home. Need a new strategy now that your bit of gallantry has put a ticking clock on our investigation.”
John went around to his side of the bed—he cringed a bit at the slip in thought—around to the left side of the bed and Sherlock lay back. John got into bed but didn’t lie down. He moved next to Sherlock, leaning on his hip and using his right arm to support himself. He tentatively reached his left hand out. Sherlock watched him but he didn’t stop his hand this time.
The skeleton face turned toward him. “These people are professionals, John. By all accounts they’ve been operating for years undetected. Such an amateur mistake is not likely.”
“Good afternoon, John!” Sherlock said, expression snapping from scrutinising to cheery in an instant.
John had no trouble finding his way to the bar. He had just paid for the whisky when the next dance started. He had a good view of the floor from the stool at the raised bar. He picked out Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson from among the crowd of dancers and almost choked on his drink.
—he would have made a plan. He would have involved John. Danger wasn’t nearly as enjoyable without John. And dying wouldn’t be any fun at all if it meant leaving him again—if it meant he couldn’t say goodbye.
Sherlock jumped to his feet and resumed pacing the room. He took a crooked path, as the items scattered about the floor made a straight one impossible.
“Sherlock,” John said, and Sherlock stopped and turned to look at him. Bright eyes, brighter than anything else around them. Blood ran down his neck staining his white shirt. “God, why do you wear such expensive shirts all the time? It’s not
Sherlock was a many-faceted being, John marvelled. Whenever you felt sure you knew him he showed you another side of his capabilities, possibilities. He was, in other words, fascinating. But John had always known that. He'd known it from the moment they met in the lab and the young scientist with the dark hair and flecked eyes had sent his head spinning. He'd been captivated enough to move in with him, to write a blog about him.
“Sherlock,” John croaked, voice scratchy from sleep as he sat up. “What are you doing? What time is it?”
Mycroft took a step forward to stop his brother—coma patients were not to be climbed on—but he wavered as Sherlock settled down without knocking out the IV or disturbing any of the equipment. He lay on his side with his head on John’s chest and his arm around him. Was Sherlock awake? He couldn’t be, or he would have noticed his presence in the room.
"We'll be in touch if we need anything more," John said, flicking his eyes back at Sherlock as he walked her to the door. He stepped forward, shaking her hand.
John was asleep, and Mary sat anxiously by the side of his bed. Her name might have been removed from the list of visitors approved to say after nine p.m. (Sherlock’s doing, no doubt), but it was midday on Wednesday, regular visiting hours, and she was resolved to stay until 8:59.
John’s head was bent over his and he was looking intensely into Sherlock’s face. He was still using a significant amount of pressure to hold him in place, though Sherlock had stopped resisting a while ago. John’s back was to the edge of the cliff, and behind him the sun was sinking into the water, leaving the sky scorched in its wake. It lit John’s hair, burning it red-gold.
John was silent, watching Sherlock pace. He’d thrown his suit jacket over the edge of the couch and was wearing one of his tight, button-up shirts. It was impossible not to notice the narrow length of his torso and where his belt rested low on his hips.
The officer returned and handed the file to Lestrade. He made to give it to Sherlock, who held out his hand, but stopped. “Let’s be quick about this one, all right?”
“It’s just—well, he’s Sherlock. I can’t have him offending everyone there. The ladies on the board are—let’s just say their sense of humour isn’t as good as mine.” Her voice picked up its insistence. “He’s
He breathed to calm himself and reached for Sherlock’s left hand with his right. Sherlock intertwined their fingers, locking their hands together. John felt a slight tingling where the recently healed cut in his palm was pressing against Sherlock’s: Mirror image scars that were neither the first to mark their skin nor would they be the last—the latest in the lines of silver thread that wove them together, visual evidence of the damage that connected them, deep and permanent.
“Dizzy,” John breathed. His head was spinning. His skin was burning. If he didn’t know better he would say it was—
“It’s a penguin,” Sherlock said a bit belatedly, but the setup for a joke had been there and he didn’t want it to go to waste entirely.
Add the last remaining variable—that John had fallen for Sherlock almost immediately, despite his brother’s frankly shocking list of flaws—and Sherlock had caved, falling for John in return. Mycroft had seen it the night John shot the cabbie.
Sherlock adjusted the microscope. “Thought experiment: Let’s say our dead men were poisoned not by the knife that gave them the scars, but by Karina’s lip gloss.”
“If it wasn’t meant to be a puzzle for me, why didn’t you tell me you were leaving?” Sherlock asked, looking up at John from his seat on the stairs.
John turned just in time to see Sherlock leap to his feet. He rushed at Sherlock but the detective was already whipping off his coat. He threw it in John’s face and used his momentary blindness to dive into his waist, tackling him to the ground. Apparently following John’s lead, because John hadn’t hit him, Sherlock didn’t hit John either, but instead braced his forearm across John’s collarbone, pinning him there.
“Tell him the truth? We’re private investigators and we believe thigh-scars are somehow linked to murders, and ask him to show us his legs.” It wasn’t until John finished speaking that he heard the full stupidity of his statement. Sherlock looked up from where he was slouched and the look was reprimand enough.
“You asked me once to come back. Just for you, you said. You asked me to come back and I did. It took a long time but I came back. And now I need you to do the same for me. Please, John, I need you to wake up. For me. I know it would be fair if you made me wait two years. I would, of course I would wait forever, because there will never be anyone else who—”
John stuffed his hands in his pockets and rocked back on his heels. Sherlock smirked inwardly at his own attempt at optimism. No, it wasn’t possible. Because he knew now that if John touched him his skin would burn. If John put his hands in his hair and his lips on his mouth he wouldn’t stop him. He had learned last night that all it took now was a caution-inhibiting drug to ask John to sleep in his bed. What would happen the next time there was alcohol or drugs? The two came up rather often in his work. He might not be able to stop himself from… And he would lose everything.
His work was brutal; the two years spent sabotaging Moriarty’s network were a torturous test of his physical endurance, which added strain to his mental stamina. And not having John with him only made things that much worse. He wasn’t lying when he returned and told John, “I’ve nearly been in contact so many times.”
The first door he came upon was slightly open, but a padlocked chain barred it. He glanced down. There was a cut chain lying in the dirt. Had Sherlock cut the it? Had someone re-chained the door shut? With burning veins John stepped back and scanned the building.
“It’s probable she didn’t know she was doing it.” Sherlock reached out and took hold of her wrist; he touched the blade in her hand. “The knives could have been coated in the poison without her knowing.”
He was stunned by the feeling. He wanted—needed—more. John was looking at him, dark blue eyes beneath blond fringe. He was here, truly present the way he hadn’t been when he was dividing his time to be with Mary. There was nothing between them now and yet he wasn’t close enough.
And he knew John wanted it too—a rather elementary deduction now that he could consider all of the evidence clearly. And he realised with some surprise that as much as he wanted to take from John he wanted to give him back doubly in return. He would give John whatever would make him happy. And if John wanted this, then the danger to his mind palace would be a necessary risk.
But John was too much the English gentlemen to say no. As he walked out onto the dance floor he silently cursed Mrs. Hudson with as many Sherlockian social catastrophes as could be pulled off in a single night.
He stopped pacing and looked around the flat. Things had undeniably gone downhill since John left. For one thing, there had always been space on the tables and worktops for his microscopes, or his petri dishes, or anything really. Now there was not. His laptop was balanced precariously on a stack of old newspapers and a few odd files. This was John’s fault, obviously.
Sherlock did not restrain the eye roll. "Dancing is not two independent sets of steps mashed together. You'll have to lead her."
“I’m not his caretaker.” Sherlock could hear the slight bristle in John’s voice. “And I can’t say I’m all that bothered about the secrets of a bunch of humourless adulterers.”
He gave her a half smile back. “Thanks, Mrs. Hudson,” he mumbled, gaze already sliding toward Sherlock’s door.
The finale of the song was a furious whirlwind of ecstatic notes and Sherlock tore through it as though he could tear it apart. When he hit the final note of the concerto he let it ring through the stillness of the room before opening his eyes and lowering his bow.
"It's not complicated," Sherlock said. He'd taken off his suit jacket and unbuttoned the top of his shirt. John was considerably more awful at this than he had anticipated.
while his sanity had apparently gone on a fifteen minute break. He’d lost the plot: the plot in which he was a heterosexual male living with an asexual (or
Touching. It was probably a good thing she hadn’t come to the wedding. What with Sherlock and a murderer and the bride being an undercover assassin, the last thing that wedding needed was Harry Watson.
Sherlock blinked down at the cookie in amazement. It wasn't just any cookie either. It was exactly the same kind as the one Sherlock had stolen from John more than half a year ago. They had been reviewing case notes at a café. John had bought a cookie with his coffee and when he stepped out to take a call from Mary Sherlock had decided he’d try a piece. It tasted good. Really good. By the time John returned to the table the cookie had vanished completely. Sherlock had shrugged as though the mystery were beyond his abilities.
The confusion of John’s sudden appearance was compounded by the haze of the drug still hanging heavily over his mind, and Sherlock found he wasn’t quick enough to stop his more irrational drives from taking over. He pulled John closer and dropped his face to his neck as though his body knew John’s scent was what it needed to calm it. It worked immediately. As he breathed he felt the tension in his muscles finally, blessedly unwinding.
John had stood up from the stool, catching Sherlock's arm to steady himself. Mrs. Hudson had smiled at how readily the two of them depended on each other, leaned on each other…
“You managed to avoid this kind of entanglement for a long time, but there’s nothing you can do about it now. Your feelings tie you to him, regardless of whether you pretend it isn’t so.”
He couldn’t ask him… But what if John chose it without being asked? He was here now, wasn’t he? Was it possible… Could it be that John had decided that he, Sherlock Holmes—a high-functioning sociopath who cared for John more than anything in his own disordered and necessarily limited way—was enough after all?
"You’re sure they weren’t self-inflicted? I’ve seen scarring like this before. The location is right for it, upper-thighs makes it easy to hide—"
John crossed his arms over his chest, angry with himself for having unconsciously started down this path. “It doesn’t matter. It’s stupid. You didn’t commit suicide; you didn’t die. It’s irrelevant now.”
He felt overwhelmed by the mess in the flat, and he hadn’t had a break from his routine at the surgery in ages. He and Mary hadn't even taken a honeymoon. They'd tentatively planned it for the winter following their wedding, but then Mary had turned out to be an assassin and shot Sherlock, and booking a Caribbean bungalow had somehow become less appealing than it had originally been.
“John,” Sherlock started. His voice was probably lower, or coarser than he meant it to be because John’s gaze snapped upward with questioning eyes.
John leaned on the back of his chair, staring at the message, thinking. Moran had had Sherlock in his grasp the other night at the warehouse. But he hadn’t killed him. Why? Was it possible they had let him go so he could try to save John? Some kind of test? John scoffed inwardly, it was more likely to ensure Sherlock would witness John’s death. That sounded more like Moriarty. Sick mind games.
Sherlock looked back at the ground. “But erm,” he hesitated, “it could also be because it’s not enough. They said I’m a sociopath. It made mummy cry. They said sociopaths don’t love as much as other people, but, John”—Sherlock looked up at him with large eyes—“I love you more than anything.”
“Now,” she said, moving closer to Sherlock. She put one foot on the edge of his chair and he had to tilt his head back to see her face. “What do you want to talk about?”
Sherlock had reappeared at John’s shoulder, and noticing his gaze had petulantly crossed his arms to deliver his anti-weekend tirade.
is for the progress of science,” Sherlock replied. “There is nothing scientifically productive about poor hoovering.”
A memory surfaced in his mind: Another time they’d been so close but at the same time impossibly separated. It was the cemetery. John reaching out and touching his gravestone. John had spoken to him. Sherlock was there, just a few metres away, watching. He could hear everything.
; John sitting alone at a table, his first sight of him after two years; getting to John through fire;
There was nothing for it. Sherlock would simply have to be stronger than his emotions, as he had always been. He knew now, beyond doubt, that he wanted more from John than just friendship, but he was also a master of concealment and deception. He could do it. His attraction to his flatmate was his problem, and he would deal with it himself. He wouldn’t have his relationship with John ruined over an inability to overcome a mental weakness. He could steel his mind over, double the reinforcements. A locked Feelings Closet could become a sealed Feelings Vault.
Those first patients chest xrays, god how little we knew in the beginning, that ominous "patchy diffuse alveolar infiltrates" which was curious in wave one was a death sentence in wave two.  And the markers, the d-dimers, the CRP, the ferritins - and nothing we really tried, no new findings we instituted seemed to really impact.
Sherlock moaned a little, slowly, as he was raised and then lowered onto the stretcher frame basket. The narcotic pain medicine which the medics had administered, John knew, was definitely helping.
A backpack was shoved into John's hand, the matching larger case pushed into the hallway, and almost an afterthought, all of a sudden, the door to the flat closed. John and Sherlock were all alone, in the hallway. On the other side of the door, muffled talking, Molly, Sam, Rosie, and Mrs. Hudson. Mrs. Hudson's voice spoke the only understandable words:
"It was presumed sequelae from mechanism of injury. No, I don't think we ever questioned it." John sighs. There was no reason to look farther, best they knew at the time. "Takes no routine meds. No active drug use of any type, and only occasional alcohol, best of my knowledge."
"No, I love it." He looked around a bit more, spying boxes and crates of handmade surgical hats, of headbands with buttons, and at the assorted ways they were already marked for the nurses stations. "This is a massive undertaking."
Both could feel more tension leave, settling in under the duvet in the darkness and stillness of the bedroom. John realised that, surprisingly, he thought he'd be able to sleep knowing Sherlock was safe beside him. "You'll wake me? If ...?" John could have finished the sentence any number of ways, but just left the word to encompass all of it. "If?"
It is not empty any longer, and John is surprisingly and overwhelmingly relieved to see that he now has company. A distraction, if nothing else, to take his mind off what is going on in that room, what is happening to Sherlock without him.
John casts another glance about the room. There are discarded venipuncture supplies, hastily thrown monitor cables hanging over one of the organiser hooks, a few dressings from IV cannulation kits, some IV tubing wrappers, and nothing else personally identifying.
"Might be too close - or in - the artery. Removing it, you could haemorrhage to death." John considered the logistics of moving him - Sherlock - to a safer, less windy, less vulnerable place in the house. At least the way the branch had splintered on the way through the roof and walls, he wasn't still pierced and connected to part of the tree. "I'm going to need to pull you away from the elements, here. Just ..." He'd been about to say relax. "... let me get you to a better area, a safer area, so I can see."
, yes." His smile met Sherlock's with a little embarrassment. "But mostly, I don't want to rush you." John tilted his head. "To rush either of us."
Sam had grown quite fond of John's fry-ups on the weekends, and particularly enjoyed those meals that included bacon. "No."
"What time --?" And mid-sentence, his head throbbed, his stomach rebelled, and between he and the nurse, they barely managed to get a basin to him in time.
"Indeed," she says with a perky raise of her eyebrows. "They did place that inferior vena cava filter, as I believe you already knew was a possibility. They had to wait until the alteplase was done."
John holds up a hand, says calmly and low, "Can you stop? Just stop it." From the chair next to Sherlock's bed, John takes a deep breath, hoping that even interrupting him may break the spiral. "Look, I know. I'm sorry. This wasn't anything we planned, either of us, and I know it's been very hard for you." He half expects Sherlock to launch another verbal attack, but he is simply sitting, his head tipped back, his eyes closed, his jaw clenched and tight in irritation. "But you've done amazing. You're almost there." Slowing down his words, the pace of what he wants to say in an effort to deescalate the emotions, John scrambles as he tries to decide what's most important to convey. "I have no reason to expect that things won't all come together, for tomorrow, all the pieces that will click, and by this time tomorrow, you should be home."
"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to worry you." They stood calmly, not coming closer just yet. "I'm sorry you woke up."
"It's ninety percent backwash. No thank you." Though he wrinkles his nose in disgust, Sherlock ruffles at Rosie's hair, briefly.
There were more flashes of lightning close together with the deep rumble of thunder - the storm was very close. John wondered about lunging for it, a resulting scuffle, which, given the man's lean body, John thought he
The trip to the ICU will only be a few hallways, two floors in the lift, another short hall, Rob tells them. No one else speaks.
"Exactly." She gestured at the monitor again and angled it so he could see it better, pointing to the top two green lines of Sherlock's ECG tracing, which was bouncing around in the low one-hundreds. "The rate is much improved with the diltiazem you're on. How are you feeling now, compared to earlier?"
"I met a police officer. Well, when I say met, it was more of a confrontation, where I solved the case but he didn't want to hear it. He tuned me out, can you imagine such madness?"
"Oh no," John agreed. "He's a lot of things, but never that." He pondered briefly the expensive toiletries, the posh accessories, the cost of his bespoke clothes. "Not cheap in any regard, actually." Keeping it light, John leaned his head back against the wall, smiling. The sense of relief dissipated from within his chest, settling. He took a deep breath while the nurse left. It felt like the first deep breath since ... since before all this happened.
"Text me I guess ..." John agreed that Sherlock probably would have been miserable. "I shouldn't be too late."
John waits for Sherlock as if preparing for trouble. He’s been nothing but impatient and cranky, laser focused on leaving the building as soon as possible. "Okay to resume sexual relations?" he finally asks, knowing that it is John's response that he wants. Which he gets, as John brings a hand up to his face, rubbing, blinking, at least in a small way trying to hide behind.
John Watson. Soldier, surgeon, blogger, partner, father. For Sameer, apparently he needed to find a way to fill in the gap, to become just a little bit more.
He didn't laugh, not outright, but the short puffs of air as he silently snickered were telling. It was unusual to get away with much from his live-in, consulting detective partner. "Made a phone call yesterday," he began, slowly, and then paused as Sherlock tilted toward him, throwing down the duvet for climate control before gathering him close, tucking John's head up against his shoulder, drawing him in as they both liked. "It's hard, over the phone, explaining that despite everything we can do, the outcome might not be what we want." He kept the details deliberately vague, thinking to himself about the man not much older than they were, but with comorbidities and the patient, overweight. "So sick." Idly, Sherlock brushed his thumb over John's temple, his fingers splaying out against John's head -
"I do not." Mycroft's smile did not flinch, but John suspected that he'd heard his brother's muttering.
"Somewhat," she replies. Dawn dims the lights so the room feels a little less intense. "So, Mr. Holmes, couple of things. Just listen okay?" Blue eyes, blinking, watch her from over the clear pliable, plastic of the face mask. "Think about, and take, deeper breaths." She pauses, standing where he can see her. "Think about getting air all the way down here," and she gestures along her own ribs, from shoulder to just above her waist. "If you take deeper breaths, you'll slow down, feel better, breathe easier. And move more air." She finds two pillows from the counter, offers one to John, and keeps speaking. "Sometimes people find it more relaxing to have their arms supported, like in a great easy chair?" Tucking one under the arm on her side of the bed, John does the same on his own side, keeping the IV lines from getting tangled. "See if you can just rest a bit, breathe easy."
Unsurprisingly, Sherlock remained mute, and John couldn't stop the rumble of playful disapproval deep in his chest -
John found that honesty was the best answer. "I don't know." Sameer didn't seem dissatisfied with that answer, and John saw an out so he took it. "But come to think of it, tea sounds like a nice idea to me. Are you interested too?"
Sameer, Sherlock took note, just lay quietly as the nurse cued John through a few basic orientation questions, a request for him to rate his headache pain, and an offer to use the toilet if needed.
"Nope. Sutures, gloves, bandages, haemostats. Tools of the trade." Local anaesthetic if he was lucky. John grabbed one of the throw blankets from the nearby couch, draped it carefully over Sherlock's upper body. "I'll be right back."
Sherlock's warm arm came behind John's back as their bodies meshed together, an arm and leg coming to rest across Sherlock's chest and thigh. There were times that touching in that position was a precursor to simply falling asleep, comfortable and warm and connected, their breathing slowing down as sleep overtook them. More often, like tonight, that simple touch led to firmer muscle tone, legs seeking, the faintest press becoming more interested. Insistent. Intimate. "You do realise," Sherlock said again, his mouth coming to rest against John's temple as he rolled his pelvis closer to the upward motion of John's knee - carefully, "that the rabbits are inanimate."
"You do realise that it's still flowing, and even, the equipment aside," John says casually, keeping his voice somewhat even key and reasonable, "there's Rosie."
Her voice emphasised the word chat, and John heard it in subtext. It became clearer, then, that it seemed Sherlock
I vividly remember being in the hallway outside one of the Covid units, texting Sherlock with my mobile in a plastic bag, just checking in, I don't recall the message. Nor does it matter.
And if we can spare providers - the nurses especially - from any more emotional consequence of what this has done to the landscape and climate of nursing and healthcare overall, it would be a good thing. Keeping them from resigning. Keeping their spirits up. Preventing a nursing shortage.
"All right." John didn't press for a reason, and Sameer had agreed. "All right, so I guess we should stop and pick up a few things on the way home."
John considered letting go of Sherlock's hand, opted not to. He did, however, shift so that his fingers were no longer on Sherlock's pulse point. Enjoying the peace of the moment, of being together, of the arrhythmia now absent, he also considered speaking but knew that Sherlock was groggy, probably forgetful, and not ready to retain any information he was given.
"I'm perfectly in control here." Unfortunately, it took a few tries for his eyes to focus. "I'm fine."
When John returns, Sherlock is a little subdued, but there has been progress in his absence. There is an empty med cup on the counter and he is sitting in the chair by the bed. His oxygen level is low and the flow rate has been turned up again, but he looks like he's doing all right. The urinal bottle has been moved, rinsed, and now sits off to the side, where he can reach it if he needs. Sheila is organising the room a bit, and grins as John enters.
When Sherlock wouldn't contact Mycroft to relay the news - and make his request - John took matters into his own hands. From Sherlock's laptop, he accessed Mycroft's contact information, touched a button, and ended up with a video phone call. Mostly, he was hoping that the brothers would be on their collectively better behaviour if the kids could hear both sides of the conversation. There were still times, though John wouldn't admit to it, he found more than a little amusement at how Sherlock and his brother interacted. And in this particularly instance, well, he had something riding on the outcome of the whole endeavor.
The nurse moved on to the next cubicle, leaving John there and Sherlock on his automatic monitors, oxygen, laying calmly on his back with his head up part way. For a moment, John let himself be grateful that he'd been allowed bedside, that the procedure was done, that there had been no clot, that normal heart rhythm had been restored. The nurse returned a few moments later when the bedside monitor alarmed, low respiratory rate and slightly low oxygen levels. "Just going to take some time to clear that. We usually joke when someone needs a lot that they're not a cheap date."
John finally exhaled, feeling the stress of the past few minutes, the tension in his chest, and he slid the headset off, tossed it on the desk in front of him. Fortunately, there wasn't much time left of his shift, and the console remained fairly quiet as his replacement arrived. After putting on his jacket, he headed out into the night, a strange combination of relieved and concerned. Without too much conscious thought, he caught the tube toward Barts. Knowing how slowly the wheels of emergency medicine turned particularly when combined with a mental health issue, he thought perhaps that Sherlock would still be there.
"I do have a suggestion, then. Nothing directly related to what we've been talking about. And truthfully, it's a little early in this process to be thinking about it, but it might be a good match for you."
John shrugged. "After working up an appetite in the cemetery," and Sherlock mimed a digging motion with an inquisitive pleading look about him, "by not unearthing any remains, sure why not?"
We are forever changed. Now that we know what "was coming" we have every right to be very afraid, very discouraged.
Sherlock smiles back at him with rampant relief, and they draw together again. There is a perfect spot for a couple of chairs, he realises, and mentions, "My grandmere used to sit here every morning with her coffee. Maybe some chairs?"
John chuckled just a little when Sherlock squeezed tighter until she squealed and pushed away. "I think, perhaps, Ro," he offered, "that maybe you were a little disappointed yourself?"
"You are not obligated. This is far bigger than one provider in one hospital of many in the city." Unconvinced, John waited, watched, listened. "Do you want me to absolve you of any responsibility?" John's faint smile answered that as a no thank you. "I'm certain you can find other ways to help. Tele-medicine this time, perhaps." John's shoulders responded to that, a faint non-committal rise but did not reject the idea outright. "Perhaps this wave is meant to see you riding it out here."
Sherlock takes a look around and a deep breath, which ends in a painful cough and a snarl of frustration. John has already arranged with Lydia to have Rosie out of the flat, just for the brief time as Sherlock arrives, tries to settle in, just to have slightly less stimulation, less chaos, less competition for John’s attention. For a brief moment, they stand still.
The walk to the nearest pub is quick, their conversation ridiculously, awkwardly shallow - Greg's day, footie, cases, weather, London - and it isn't until the food is served that John finally opens up, testing the waters.
Rob appears again, explains that it is change of shift, that he will be giving report and will come back in to introduce the new nurse. John turns to really see Sherlock, laying still, chest rising, falling, under support of the ventilator. And he doesn't fault Mycroft overmuch for wanting to get away. John doesn't particularly care to see Sherlock like this either, truth be told. The tubes, lines, wires, and monitors don't especially bother him, but the knowledge that none of it is remotely comfortable and that underneath it all is someone he cares about very deeply is ... disturbing. And it is unsettling that Sherlock is still, quiet, receptive, compliant even, and not fighting the therapies that have been instituted.
He takes stock of Sherlock's position, with his head just slightly elevated, which is nice as opposed to flat, an unexpected blessing of sorts. There is an IV infusing by gravity, just dripping at a moderate rate, to help clear the sedation and for quick blood pressure support if needed. The heparin infusion still running. He looks at the cardiac monitor, vital signs are okay, heart rate a little fast (upset, most likely) but his breathing seems baseline (slightly quick) and his oxygen delivery is the cannula still, so even at six liters, is still good for where they've been. His skin colour is his usual pale, and the blue line of his pulse oximetry has a numerical value of ninety-five.
Sameer removed a gift box he'd been hiding under the couch. He was grinning as he handed John the brightly wrapped, heavy box.
They exchanged polite hellos, and John offered for her to join them. She slid into the table across the aisle from them, keeping a bit of a distance away. "Pardon me if I don't get too close."
He holds Sherlock's warm hand, squeezes a few times, holds his eyes as long as he can before there is too much activity, too many people there to help. He takes a few steps backwards, watching medications be readied, restraints gently placed on Sherlock's wrists though not tied yet. The headboard of the bed is removed, the suction catheter and ambu bag be placed in the bed. All the activity is terrifying, and John hopes Sherlock is at least somewhat unaware of the entirety of it.
We are celebrating the marriage of my awesome older brother and his new wife, my new sister-in-law. Welcome to the family, Christine. Hope you're ready for an adventure. It’s so exciting, this day, this life ahead. Have to say, I’ve always wanted a sister. You are just perfect for Sam, you soften out his rough edges, and are not easily intimidated. So kudos to you for holding your own, Christine. Never change! Can you all imagine the stress of marrying into a family like this?  I mean, who wants to be in the same room with, let alone have dinner with someone who can deduce your fears and almost read your thoughts. Sam and I had to learn very early that you either had to never tell a lie or get incredibly good and sneaky at it. I'm not telling which one we got better at. Our little secret, right Sam?
On John's return, the lights in the sitting room were dimmed, and two tapers on the table cast a soft yellow glow about the room. John looked over with a trace of surprise at the table setting, the candles. "Just dinner. It's not exciting."
More than okay, John didn't say. With what he hoped was a casual expression, he nodded, smiled, and murmured, "I'm fine, thanks."
"Thanks, no really. Sherlock was sleeping, or sort of, and we're just waiting for a bed out of the ICU now."
Conversation is benign for a few minutes, Greg looking at them intently while Rosie chatters on, showing them some various things that were somehow relevant to her day. John laughs at her antics, tells her he misses her, makes faces that make her giggle. He plays peekaboo with her, just once, which she finds hysterical but Sherlock does not, and he reaches up to grab John's hands away with an admonition to stop being ridiculous.
So the nurse just helped me resynch the mobile and some tips for speech to text entry. Added some speech cues, taught it some sounds. Hopefully now it will recognise the difference between pain and paint. And Sherlock is now Sherlock. Because actually trying to text would be impossible with swollen fingers and one wing. Again it's late, Sherlock was here, and I wanted to kill time with some odd memories of the last ... well, I don't remember much. The nurses have helped but I lost almost a week.
The words sink in over a few seconds of silence. "That's creepy." John can hear Sherlock's head turn toward him. "What if I ...?"
They ended up going home with the bright yellow pair. And shin pads, and a practice ball, all matching.
"Thanks." The room plummeted into darkness, and there was some shifting of bodies and pillows and covers as they grew comfortable, sated, and sleepy. "I didn't realise how much I needed this tonight."
Chemotaxis: The movement of a motile cell or organism in a direction corresponding to a gradient of increasing concentration of a particular substance. It explains cell migration based on chemoattractant properties. It involves stimuli, receptors, and signaling. Chemotaxis, when combined with rheotaxis by a shark, for example, explains why a shark turns to swim into a current and then is driven to follow a scent such as blood in the water.
With more bravado than he was feeling, he stayed his ground, raised what he hoped was a somewhat playful eyebrow, and smiled. "Guess you'll never know."
"No, John. No I don't need a babysitter. I don't need to be monitored. I don't want anyone here. I don't want that prescription filled. I don't ..." The storm abruptly fizzled. "Never mind. Go ahead." The flatness to his tone was, John thought, concerning.
John tries to be patient, loses the battle. "I know I'm not sitting there watching the monitor, but someone is. I haven't seen afib, not once, since he's been here. No one's mentioned it." Dean gestures at him, a kind of 'he has a point' and Dr. Benson smiles and shrugs, his hands coming up as if protecting himself good-naturedly.
"Okay, then, I'll just go find some other patient's hair to shampoo." And John calls his bluff by turning, heading toward the door, and actually makes it into the hallway corridor before hearing Sherlock's voice.
"Sorry, no. It's just ... something we don't usually get to do, lounge around abed like this. You, shirtless. It's nice." John sipped, sighed, sipped again. "Ahhh, nectar of the gods, I swear it."
“I have a random name generator,” Sherlock explained, tapping his phone. “Tonight I’m Matthew Taylor and you’re Sean Bradley.”
The consulting criminal pouted. “All right, all right,” he drew the syllables out with his reluctance. “But think about it, Sherlock. You can’t continue like this”—he slid the goggles back on—“you know you can’t.” He put the snorkel in his mouth and pushed himself off the bookcase into the water.
He knew something was coming; whatever or whoever it was was just taking a criminally long time about it. Worthless criminals. Were they trying to torture him? The problem with having accumulated so many dangerously insane enemies was that there would always be someone only too gleeful for the opportunity to torture him.
“You’re saying the stabbing didn’t kill him.” Lestrade was always hyperaware of how clueless he sounded next to Sherlock. How could John stand it all the time?
Now there was no case, no argument. There could be no other meaning in the touch at all—no excuse for it—other than intimacy. Sherlock slowly closed his hand on John’s arm, feeling his lack of reaction like a physical ache. How many times had he seen John wake up and taken it for granted? When John napped on the couch, when Sherlock went up to his bedroom to wake him--But of course he’d taken it for granted. He’d never considered there could be a time when John might not—
He laid his head on his elbow on the side of the bed and continued to hold John’s wrist, fingers resting on his pulse point. He willed the steady beating of John’s heart to drive back the frenzy of thoughts that were gathering on the periphery of his mind—buzzing, angry, black swarms of thoughts. He knew he wouldn’t have the strength to keep them back this time. And he knew they would tear him apart.
John breathed hard through his nose. In, out, trying not to hyperventilate. If Sherlock was poisoned… But no… Something was off. Sherlock’s expression… But of course he would look like that if Moran had just told him the poison Sherlock had himself declared to be ‘genius’ and ‘unbeatable’ was running in his own veins… John held his head in his hands. Dizzy. He couldn’t breathe. Irreversible poison in Sherlock’s blood—no antidote—the idea ripped through him like jagged metal. It
Sherlock demonstrated the steps slowly, aware of John clumsily mimicking his movements beside him. Sherlock played the music and they continued. When John seemed to get the hang of it Sherlock stepped away. He folded his arms and watched the doctor move through the steps.
His schedule cleared for the week, he booked a room at a quaint inn in Ireland close to the internationally renowned Cliffs of Moher. He’d never been, and figured that with October being the off-season for tourism he’d be able to enjoy the views undisturbed by swarms of vacationing families.
“Nope,” he had said to Sherlock, shaking his head at the stairs leading to his bedroom. Falling on the first flight had not made him keen on a second. “Stairs can’t be just all the time.”
John wondered whether he would be able to get him to eat dinner tonight. He’d just decided he’d probably have the same chance of getting Sherlock to eat a teacup when he spoke again.
He swung on his coat and reached for the door, but he hesitated. He walked back to the coffee table and picked up a piece of toast. He chewed it, impatiently observing how long the process of chewing can take. He picked up the next piece.
The solider who met mortal danger with clear eyes and a steady hand was afraid of one thing: Sherlock’s death.
She handed the envelope to John. "I wrote my phone number and email on the back of the envelope in case you want to contact me—I mean, in case you need any more information."
What had been ambiguous in glances and gestures could now be direct, explicit and real. Now when his detective was in one of his sulkier moods between cases, instead of only setting tea mugs down at his side, he could press him back into his chair and kiss him until he remembered just how well he was loved.
“They get married, Sherlock,” he’d finally said when Sherlock made him spell it out on the phone. “I warned you: Don’t get involved.”
“Ok,” John said, returning to his laptop to type the note. “And how about the movers who stuffed the body into the armoire? Any more info on them?”
Five hours and half a pack of low-tar cigarettes later Sherlock discovered with finality that the poem was not a cypher. He had employed every method of cryptography he knew and yet it would not break. He was forced to face the inevitable conclusion: the poem was only a poem.
From Semtex to Szechuan in less than an hour. John was fine. Better than fine. He was running with the danger that kept his limp away and his hands steady.
The people at the dry cleaning service considered him the world’s best boyfriend and he’d given up trying to correct them. The clothes were clearly not his size and he had no other way to explain regularly picking up another man’s laundry. No one would understand the ‘my flatmate is a spoilt prat who, while being the world’s most genius detective, is actually incapable of managing basic adult tasks’ explanation.
Moran walked out of the building and returned a moment later accompanied by what looked like a bodybuilder.
John and Sherlock were sitting on the curb outside of St. Barts hospital and John was only vaguely aware he was dreaming.
John glanced over the words one more time. “It says you’re human. It says you’re allowed to love.” He shrugged, refolded the paper, and handed it back to Sherlock.
“We were both working that night,” she said. “But Karina did not kill them. She would never do that. I knew her better than anyone.”
His only choice then was to duck the man—get around him fast enough to get to the door. The road wasn’t far off; there was a slim chance he could make it, flag down a car... Sherlock scoffed inwardly. Even considering this possibility seemed stupidly optimistic, pathetically naïve.
“I’m afraid that, as usual, you are entirely missing the point.” The disappointment in Mycroft’s tone was something Sherlock had learned to tune out from an early age. “The theory regards love as a vulgar distraction for an idle mind and a dangerous weakness for a powerful one. It is illogical to make oneself vulnerable in exchange for an arrangement that can only end in loss and pain.”
Sherlock was sentimental about nothing, and John supposed his virginity wouldn’t be an exception. On the other hand, while the detective was a first rate actor, John knew there were some things that couldn’t be acted. If he was as contemptuous of physical affection as he seemed, and if he was as disinterested in Janine as he proved to be while barely sparing her unconscious, injured figure a glance as he swept past her into Magnussen’s office…
“Really.” The taut strain in the word might have had pain beneath it, but Molly would be embellishing if she said so. It was only one word.
Sandy hair catching glints of faded streetlight. An impulse to move his hand to John’s jaw. He strained against it, fingers clenching where they were locked on John’s arms. Didn’t he want to observe John’s reaction if he tipped his head back? Didn’t he want to know what kind of noise John might make if he bit his lip? Didn’t he want to trigger the same visceral part of John that switched on like a light at the right provocation? The part that would growl low, pushing Sherlock backward, tasting him in flashes of teeth and tongue—
Mrs. Hudson already knew Nathan Perry. He was a sportswriter for the BBC, a fact Gail wasn't letting anyone forget. He was younger than John, the same age as Sherlock, if she remembered correctly. He greeted her cheerfully.
“We’ll kill you anyway, if you don’t kill yourself. But I think you will. Actually, if you’re as self-centred as they say you are, you might even kill yourself before John dies so you don’t have to see it. I’m sure it would make John very, very sad, but as we've established, you don’t seem to care much about what happens to John.”
He nearly stumbles up the stairs, but Greg was ready for that and steadies him. The flat is hollow, empty, and ... morose, John thinks, as he plugs in his mobile to charge and crashes on the sofa. He hasn't the energy, inclination, or strength to go any further.
"All right." Her tentative expression let John know that she was still a little fearful. "I'll give it a go."
One of the nurses had been watching and approached, a smile of amusement and chagrin. "You must be John's partner." Brief introductions followed, and then the nurse lowered her voice and stealthily eyed the sleeping people in the room. "Vomited last about an hour ago. We have to wake him for neuro checks every so often. But since Sameer snuggled up with him, they've both been fine. I do have to go in now, though, so." Sherlock followed her and stood quietly, watching, as the nurse eyed the patient, checking the IV pump, the bedside monitor, and then brushed her hand over John's upper arm lightly. Her voice was gentle and hushed. "Dr. Watson?"
That evening, when John was tucking him in, he smiled at Sam's mama's photo that was still in the place of honour right next to his bed. The topic from earlier, John thought perhaps Sam had been a little quieter that evening. "So do you think much about family, or maybe friends or something, from when you lived in Afghanistan?"
The gaze Sherlock leveled at him was nearly murderous. "I'm not that bored." One brow raised in serious displeasure. "No one is ever
Sherlock was the one who had left the dye he'd been experimenting with in a spot where Rosie could reach. John had returned from tending to the laundry and saying hello to Mrs. Hudson, to find that Rosie had turned herself into a 4 year old canvas of very odd colour, head to toe, covered in speckely brown spots, black lines, completely stained hands, and a big grin.
Through the mobile, Sherlock could only be heard breathing, with somehow that even sounding annoyed, and the silence grew increasingly uncomfortable.
another patient in a non-Covid unit testing positive. And despite the surgical masks, there has been exposure of staff members. A positive staff member who might have shared a meal break across the room. More exposure. An outbreak in one of the administrative offices. Staff members family getting sick, community acquired. Modified quarantine, come to work anyway, we need you too much for you to do the right thing and stay home. ( ... or stay the fuck home, for some reason I censored myself - why bother?)
"How high was it before you called me, went to CT scan?" Kathy consults the paper then sets it back down, takes Sherlock's wrists and holds them flush against the mattress, and speaks directly to him. "Push up, hard."
... and when John belonged briefly to someone else and lived across town. But they decided it made more sense to share a flatrental. They were relatively compatible, friends for a long time, and one of them was budget conscious, so when the dust settled - John recovering from his grief and Sherlock from his brief stint in rehab (again) - that they once more shared the flat.
"All right," John said quickly, "all right." He swept his hands quickly down the other man's back, lightly brushing fingers over his form, searching for additional injuries that would prevent them from moving. It seemed that there was only the one very large segment of branch protruding through his punctured clothing and skin, most of it already broken off, from just below the knee. "Just listen to me and do exactly as I say."
"Not clever." Sherlock shook his head. "Not even especially cute." There was another soft snort. "Not to mention the wrong unit of measurement for us."
I want to ask my dads to stand up please. I just can't ... sorry, I thought I could ...  I wanted to take just a second, to honour you both, and say thanks for doing such a great job. The verdict might still be out on me - thanks for laughing on cue - but Sam, well ... he’s turned out amazing.
Coat hung, shoes off, backpack stowed, he pondered thunderstorms as a youth - Harry raging along with the storm, the dog hiding in the bathroom or between his feet, his mum exhausted - blasé. John had loved them.
Sam gave a half-hearted shrug of non-committal. "Loud. Just a storm." He didn't bother trying to use entire sentences at the moment and given the late hour, the storm, and Sameer's obviously being worried about something, John paid little attention to that as he hesitated in the doorway.
"Mycroft Holmes." He'd seen the caller ID of UCL Hospital, knew it was an update from one of the physicians, saw no reason to answer the phone any differently.
The heart monitor alarms then, with Sherlock's heart rate elevated again. His oxygen levels have been marginally acceptable but still low, and now with the higher heart rate and decreased cardiac output, the pulse oximetry readings begin to decline. "You okay?" John says.
The tension of the moment abated, and their skin connection was peaceful and intimate. Sherlock pressed his lips to John's temple. "Do you need," he began, his voice low, and he punctuated the sentence fragment with a slight tilt of his hip, "I mean, would you want ...?"
There is another nurse at the doorway, and Kathy steps over to talk with her, consulting about something else, so while she does, John picks up their joined hands. "You're going to be okay, you know. Progress."
"I am quiet." Sameer tucked up his legs, folding them up to his chest and lowering his head to his knees as if to prove it.
John will take care of me. I am choosing to let John take care of me. John needs to take care of me. Letting John take care of me is another means whereby I take care of John.
Rosie looked sharply at Molly, and although they were incredibly fond of each other, Rosie couldn't resist stirring the pot a bit, asking, "So how about you? Do
Sameer didn't particularly respond beyond a breathy 'thanks' but Rosie wasn't placated. "He's got more blue, and I need one!"
"Good morning dear," Mrs. Hudson offered, holding the plate out in Sherlock's direction only for him to make a sour face and reach for John's tea instead.
"What are you on about? Me being inconvenienced?" John couldn't stop the immediate tirade. "No, for your bloody information, I'm worried about your leg. About infection. About getting the fracture set, if there is one, I mean. And about damage that may need surgical repair. About ..." For all he wasn't going to borrow trouble, he couldn't stop, "... swelling that could prove not only costly to your leg but your life!" He tossed a thumb back at the shut-off area of the home. "Couldn't give a toss about the house. Not one. Repairable. Expensive. But expendable - whereas your leg ..."
Two snapshots, two similarities. Two images that would have been exquisitely painful for John if he were to concentrate on them. One he remembers. One, he only imagines.
With a small sigh, John pointed at the other paper, the detention slip. "You do have to serve this detention, though."
The dog had other things in mind, and selected Sherlock as sleeping partner of choice, though, digging at the doorway until John finally opened it before she chewed through the frame or dug a hole in the floor, then whining until she was picked up and put on the bed (both are denying that either did it or said it was okay), and then nosing at Sherlock's neck until he patted her.
Triage had grown to be a well-oiled machine, intake, tags, blood products, standing orders, a minimal phrase such as "head of the line" kicked up the process a bit as each person knew their role. John had usually scanned the more serious of the serious injuries, headed off to scrub while preparations were anticipated, patients prepped, cleaned, medicated, and readied. He'd learned quite efficiently however, to listen to the medic or the RN who truly only needed to draw his attention to one of the others - an ominous feeling, a bad vital sign, a lab result, sometimes only gut instinct. They trusted each other, they relied on each other. Those gut instincts, this team, after working together so long, were usually spot on.
The home health visitor had been thorough and positive that Sherlock was making progress, and Sherlock bristles when he hears her affirm that recovery is going to take quite some time, that he should be patient. John runs interference before Sherlock can speak irretrievably hurtful things. Mrs. Hudson brings them dinner, and Lydia stands by while John tucks Rosie into bed then she joins the men for a short time in front of the telly. Sherlock has warmed up to her quite a bit over the day, and John thinks that her leaving will be bittersweet. He knows it is good that they don't need the support any longer, but it is less stressful to have another (responsible) adult nearby. Her few belongings are already waiting in a case by the door.
They discussed zinc, vitamin C, plaquenil, azithromycin. If he never saw another chest X-ray with diffuse patchy bilateral infiltrates, he would be totally okay with that. The radiographic sentence of severity. Sometimes the patient looked symptomatic, and that was bad. Sometimes, the patient was compensating, tachypneic, but not overwhelmed yet. Somehow, that was worse, knowing it was coming, that the struggle was just around the bend.
"How many did you get this time?" Mycroft let the question hang and it took Sherlock a few moments before he actually heard and understood the question.
The notion that they should all be together hits hard then, and John feels the faint glimmer that the end is truly closer than it has ever been.
John is grateful for the affirmation, the summary, and the man's opinion about the plan going forward. "Waiting to hear about the PFO, if there's a procedure. And, well, hopefully he'll extubate later today." The thought of a feeding tube is disappointing although he knows that most of the newer, effective, maintenance oral anticoagulants have to be given by mouth. John feels like he is still listening from a distance, that the person they're speaking about is ... someone else, as if for so long he's been hearing bad news, more procedures, more studies, that the embolism is massive and he's unstable. Now, the improvement is welcome news and he feels a bit off-kilter. "But you're saying ..."
fountain was still standing and functional, the time and the years and the history embraced and not tossed over like yesterday’s news. One of them used the words ‘tribute to the past.’ As the older couple strolled slowly by, the visitors leaned in to each other, a temple kiss, a sigh of contentment.
Dr. Nguyen, the intensivist, comes to the doorway. "Radiologist already called, wet reading on the head CT is completely normal." She speaks slowly, lets the words sink in, looks specifically at John. "Hi John."
John cleared his throat just a little to get Sherlock's attention, and there was some quick questioning and reassurances going back and forth as they locked eyes. He looked over at Sameer. "Go on. I'm fine." John's sentence was quietly reassuring, although all of them in the room would have disputed the fact that John wasn't actually
She moved one hand back and was returning Sherlock's gaze, steadily, watching. They were both focused as her other hand showed no sign of pulling back.
"Look, if it's about the other day, I just don't want you to have to go through what Sherlock did, and --"
"That's better, a little. Relax. And fussing about a needle, you?" He made sure to keep his tone light as he deliberately did not elaborate.
John snorted quietly under his breath, responding immediately, "No." He felt both of their attentions focus on him, perhaps a little surprised at his standing up to them. "You're wearing oxygen," John explained. "Of course you can't bloody smoke in the hospital." Mycroft's brow raised, and he glanced between his brother and John, then resumed impatiently waiting. "No, I suppose you heard all the important bits."
"We're okay." John consulted his mobile for the time, pressed the off button on the telly remote. "Come on, I think it's time."
"Another hundred mcg of prop. Fifty of Fent." The anaesthesiologist laid his syringes in easy reach.
"Yes." John raised his chin a bit as he looked steadily back. As soon as he did it, he realised it was overcompensating.
Greg waits John out, and after a few minutes of easy silence, he drops the next one. "I'm retiring end of the month."
There had been news coverage, a few reporters, onlookers, staff, doctors, administrators, families, and bystanders with time to spare. The last patient was wheeled out by wheelchair and still looked slightly dazed, a bit overwhelmed, and uncomfortable with the attention. The ripple of applause that had started in the hallway outside the room of the covid unit, the last occupied room of the stepdown covid unit, had continued, interrupted only in the elevator, and now that it was outside, it had grown, spread, and echoed. There was a car waiting, doors opening, bags stowed, and one of the nurses helped the patient stand and take a few simple steps into the waiting vehicle. There was still oxygen, a tank, tubing, and this was swapped over from hospital issue to privately obtained. It was impossible to hear the words exchanged, but a brief conversation, a nod, a thank you, perhaps, and the patient was driven away, out of sight.
"I can still bake for you?" she asked, wriggling the tin in her hands. "I mean, it's biscotti. Those apricot ones you liked?" This she directed at Sherlock, who turned away slightly, his mouth scowling. He hadn't thought the measures completely necessary, had resisted John's efforts to let Mrs. Hudson know about it before it got to this face-to-face encounter. Obviously he was still annoyed about it.
From out at the desk, there is a burst of commotion as another ambulance crew comes in with more noise, family in tow, and there is shouting with slurred words and impending agitation. It is joined by the sound of others responding, assertive, protective. "I --" she begins and then disappears to help with whatever was obviously more urgent. There is a helpless and somewhat apologetic shrug of her shoulders, and John understands, he really does.
John stopped reading as he slipped off his boots - that he'd been wearing all throughout - and set them by the door.
Sherlock managed somehow to aggressively roll his eyes. Withdrawing his hand, he huffed, "Is that coffee for me?"
One morning he wondered if he'd been studying too hard, because he was absolutely certain he'd left his takeaway container in the refrigerator, but found it - empty - in the trash. And off to school he'd gone, when a few minutes down the road realised he'd left the tea kettle on. So he'd turned around, only to find that the kettle was not only off the burner, but empty. He had zero recollection of that, and given his very uncharacteristic forgetfulness, he made up his mind to pay more attention as he enjoyed having the place to himself.
John frowned slightly. "I didn't mean, do you have one. I need you to speak it." More silence followed. "Out loud."
Molly, Greg, Mycroft, Mrs. Hudson - all of whom stopped round to visit at intervals, even continuing to come back again despite Sherlock's atrocious treatment of them from time to time. Although even once he was beginning to recover, he still fussed interminably at his brother. Back to baseline, then, he and Mycroft.
"Rest a bit," John suggests, but it isn't long before a nurse comes in to check on them, followed shortly into the room by a respiratory therapist. A few minutes later, his oxygen level is being monitored again, his liter flow is turned up, and they are both cautioned to conserve Sherlock's energy.
Sherlock barely stirs when Rosie comes home, and after a bit she is prepared for her afternoon nap. She insists, and is actually quite adamant, that it is Sherlock's lap she wants to snuggle in, that Sherlock is to be the one to read to her. By this time, he is mostly awake and more agreeable than he's been in two weeks. And so John sits back while she cuddles up with Sherlock, her book in one hand and her stuffed blue bunny in the other. He reads carefully and slowly, his breathing even as she is nestled in the space between his hip and his arm, in the warm place under his chin. At the end of the book, he stops, turns his nose into her hair, inhales slowly.
"Did you ...?" John said quietly, realising that Sherlock had not only finished the laundry, hanging up what John had folded from a few days previously, but that the rest of John's shirts were also hanging in up his preferred orderly military profile, there in his closet. "Of course you did." The hanger snapped open and he pulled on the khakis, turning back to see Sherlock still watching him. "Why?"
Once the tube was out, the nurse suctioned the edges of his mouth to make sure it was clear, and the defibrillator was brought closer. The nurse and physician worked together then to apply rectangular gel-coated pads, one to Sherlock's sternum, the other to the area on his back directly behind that, and he was carefully rolled onto his back.
He held a computer-generated background check, a summary of employment, military missions, and a personal bio. He desperately needed not only someone who would be competent and attentive to Rosie's needs but more importantly someone that John would trust, that John would find dependable, whatever it would take to allow him to be in the moment while Sherlock was so ...
At the doorway, she'd joined him to press a business card into his hand. On it was her mobile number. "Use this if you have to."
"Okay," John said after a bit, seeing that he was in fact back on the cardiac monitor and that it was normal on all accounts. He waited, hopeful that Sherlock would keep explaining. "Did you have pain?" Eyes still closed, Sherlock shook his head. "Did the afib come back?"
"You do realise the detention is not for the shouting or the fighting." Sam frowned at John's words, so he explained, "It's for not talking to me, not getting the first paper signed."
Three adult faces were sporting smirks at that, as Mrs. Hudson made her way back downstairs, muttering something about them having to hoover on their own since she'd been denied access to the flat.
Sherlock turned on him. "Says the man with trust issues who chose med school because he couldn't fix his own family --"
"He was working a case for you. Did he, I mean, was he injured, or exposed to something?" John considered that perhaps Sherlock was just
Smiling, John nodded and considered where to lead the conversation next. "Is there a parallel, that we could think about and maybe help in a way that's fixing the problem for a long time rather than just, you know, giving people food?"
From the desk, two guards kept an eye on the night cameras, the screens, the intercoms, and their monitoring duties. One sipped his coffee. The other browsed the hospital email for anything remotely interesting. Nothing urgent - delete, delete, delete. Middle of the night excitement was a rarity and usually involved the occasional drunken brawl, out of control drug addict, or giving directions to those seeking bathrooms, exits, and all-night coffee. This night had been no exception - only a few interactions so far.
Blinking several times as if that would clear his mental capacity, John lay there not processing well. "My squad?" His voice, raspy and uneven, was even more distorted under the oxygen mask he wore.
Dr. Benson is a little skeptical. "I've never seen it. I'm not sure. I mean, I hear you, it makes sense. But ... well, we have to confirm it anyway." He presents his case, that it could just have been spasm, inflammation, other odd reasons and just a very unusual, rare coincidence that the arterial and venous clots both happened in close succession. "And it could have been afib. That could definitely explain it."
It was heavy, grounding, solid. It was security and the faintest little bit of restraint, of caution, of settling. Although he could have sat up immediately, tossed the heavy coverlet aside, he was not. He was choosing to let the weight anchor him, to submit, to allow himself to be led.
He counters with an expression of his own, more incredulous skepticism, to which Sherlock only nods.
He exhaled, willing his body to relax. Lower key, he smiled and hoped Sherlock could hear it in the words. "It's fine. I know you're exhausted. Rest well ..."
Now that Sherlock's recovery is complete, I am placing this in writing as we had discussed via telephone earlier today.
"Good. I'm here. We'll get through this." John keeps holding one of Sherlock's hands, takes his other, brushes at Sherlock's face, by his temple. Pale eyes continue to stare into John's. There is focus, recognition. Inwardly, John can feel nothing but relief, the worry somewhat squelched, suppressed, and now that he is awake, the relief is enormous. "You're all right. I'll explain everything soon." His words just keep flowing, slowly, calmly, quietly, and he is vaguely aware that the sedation is finally put on standby. Sherlock's fingers are firm, clinging, holding fast to John's hand. "Just breathe." Jack comes in and out, evaluating from time to time. John is afraid to turn even one moment of his focus, his concentration, off Sherlock to talk with him much.
He'd also learned to avoid drawing attention to himself, blending in. Personally, he'd had no troubles, but he'd heard of nurses or other providers being given a hard time wearing scrubs in public places.
"Well you asked," Sherlock snipes back at him. "Perhaps you should give me a list of things I'm allowed to ask for." He is embodying a defiant toddler stomping his feet, and impatiently he whinges, "Home. Or is that apparently too much to ask?"
Greg pulls out the item, sucks in a breath, and looks questioningly at John, murmurs, "Are you sure?"
"Idiot." John said nothing, let his sharp inhale be his reaction to the somewhat-familiar adjective. "Seriously. What do you think I'm here for? Decoration? If you need to unload, need to share something, have at it." His voice was a little rough, sleepy or perhaps because of his recumbent position. "I worry anyway. And probably wondering or speculating is worse than hearing about it." John's eyes drifted closed, and he turned so that he was laying still, supine, motionless on his back. "It's not fair, nor is it wise, for you to feel like you have to shoulder this alone. To protect me." Sherlock reached out a cool foot to rest it against John's calf, a slide of his hand and his fingers contacted John's arm, not holding or grasping, just a reminder of solidarity and support.
"I should have, yes. We meant to." John could see that she wasn't upset, especially. "So I'm telling you now. We're ... fond of each other. And well ..." For as many times as John had mentally rehearsed how he wanted to tell his daughter, he was a little tongue-tied. "While you were away, Sherlock had, well, we ... had a little scare. A health scare." Horrified, he stopped. "It was only two nights in the hospital." Peripherally, he was aware that Sherlock's hand touched his brow, chagrined. "Wait. I didn't ..." Glancing at Sherlock and hoping for rescue, he could only gesture and blink.
"Outside on the playground." The story came out slowly about a child from a higher grade level than Sam, had been making comments to him for over a week, complaining about foreigners, berating his clothes and his dark skin and blue eyes, telling others that they should avoid him. Calling him a refugee said in a sneering voice. Sam said he'd been trying to ignore it, trying to avoid the boy, until a few days previously, the day the first note was sent home, Sam told him to stop and they got into a yelling match. "He told me I don't belong here and that I should go home." Sam's voice was quiet, low, monotone. "He shoved me first. I pushed him back." Apparently the boy must have known that there was a playground monitor there, that they were being watched, and so he'd exaggerated it, sitting down with a cry and a very vocal complaint. Sam had been sent inside to his teacher.
"What did you expect, bringing me to a place like this with all these odd clues left about. What did you think was going to happen?"
"Call me if you need," she said in parting. There was an intensity there, a serious nature of the request.
"I'm saving that for you, if you don't get me out of here soon." The serious, thoughtful exchange lasts only several sentences, until the punchiness kicks back in.
We were talking and he asked if I thought it would be a good idea to stop in the I see you no wait for pity's sake no the other nursing unit to say thank you and good-bye. I barely recall anything about it and all of that is a bad association but he seems to really want to and to bring them coffee and a food basket. I mean I guess he and Rosie can leave from there just as easily when they go catch the train.
All too well he vividly recalled one notification from a newer Deputy Inspector Gregory Lestrade advising him that he'd found Sherlock, again, at a crime scene spouting off his mouth, impaired but ... there was something more. Something too precious to waste. He told him that an intervention was needed if any of them were going to prevent something serious - more serious - from happening. There had been something in his words, in his tone, in the sincerity that had rung true that had made Mycroft wondering at the DI's above-average insight.
"Don't be thinking that you have the market on bad days." Sherlock's gaze sharply cut to John, disbelieving and annoyed. John only smiled as he tilted his head. "I'm not saying your day - okay, or days weren't extremely hard. But ..."
John moved as if to stand up, and would have had Sherlock not placed a restraining arm on him. "Let him. He's got help there."
"Please, tell me what's bothering you?" Sameer frowned slightly, trying to process, and John clarified, "I want to help you understand, if I can." A soft breathy laugh. "I want to understand it with you."
"Nice to see you feeling better. And home." John doesn't belabour the point, sips at his tea. But he absolutely sees Sherlock blink rapidly a few times, his eyes quite moist. There is the faintest beginnings of a sweet and satisfied smile on Sherlock's lower lip.
Smoking cessation:  completely and permanently, no further smoking ever in your lifetime. Transdermal nicotine patch may be used, one patch per day following the steps exactly as prescribed by your physician. If further cessation modalities are needed, please discuss this at your first follow-up appointment.
"I refuse to be seen in public with that." The cane had been mostly unused, leaning on the corner of the couch.
A little curious, John glanced between, seeing the look of triumph on Sherlock's face and Mycroft back to his usual aloof and stoic. "And yet you continue to rise to the occasion." Sherlock sighed, then pressed a button to raise the head of the bed, sipped from the cup of water, still looking somewhat victorious. "Your contribution to helping time pass in this abysmal place is ... tolerated I suppose." From the bed, Sherlock groaned in mock misery before sitting upright again, ready for more. "Now, about your weight gain. You really need ..."
Once they were alone again, he turned to John. "Iocane. Never heard of it. Did you just make that up?"
Sherlock narrows an eye, looking every bit like he'd like to tear her to shreds for the sheer enjoyment. "Sherlock Holmes, age thirty seven. The month is May." He closes his eyes, squeezes them tight, and then when he opens them again, and raises his eyebrows. Then, he holds out both hands, making each into a fist before relaxing them. There is a pause, and they exchange challenging looks. "I believe this is your cue, I will follow your fingertip ... with
John spoke into the phone. "Electricity, no. Access?" John couldn't stop the chuckle albeit inappropriate. "Tree across the drive, actually." Although it wasn't light out, John went to the front door, listening to the much-calmer rain, less wind, and no further lightning or thunder. "Several
John gestured to the wall behind him and Sherlock's eyes followed. He went still, undoubtedly replaying the kiss, the same flashing images (hands, eyes, lips, tongue) that were searing John's mind.
“You said the biscuits were homemade. You often make biscuits but you don’t bother to say you made them because it’s obvious. Specifically mentioning that they’re homemade now is your subconscious way of emphasising that you put time and effort into something for us, which suggests we owe you something in return. Such as," he drawled for flourish, "a favour.”
“Billy,” John answered the unfinished question. “Got the list from him. Sherlock, I need to know what you’ve taken.”
John would have asked what other result Sherlock had expected from having a man the size of an elephant crushing his larynx, but Sherlock was already typing again. John checked his phone.
But the pool… What had it been about the pool? Something had affected him differently. Had John been afraid of Moriarty? Clearly not; he’d grabbed him at the first opportunity.
John was an idiot for not knowing, but it was obvious he cared for Sherlock a great deal. He looked at Sherlock like he was the most amazing person in the world, and the most important person in his world. It had broken her heart, seeing him at Sherlock’s funeral. She’d spent sleepless nights wondering if she should break the promise she’d made to Sherlock and just tell John he was alive. What did she owe Sherlock anyway? He’d never exactly been kind to her in the years they’d known each other. But in the end there had never been any question where her loyalties lay, and she had avoided John the best she could.
As self-absorbed as he might be, he was not oblivious to the fact that John sacrificed a lot for him. So regardless of his own feelings about giving up the only person he’d ever truly cared for, he had promised himself he wouldn’t wreck the marriage, and indeed vowed to John that he’d do everything in his power to support it. This was why he’d convinced John to forgive Mary after she’d shot him (though he hadn’t been as keen on her himself after that). And why he’d ignored the signs of the declining marriage afterward. He couldn’t acknowledge being such a consistently destructive force in John’s life.
But once John was dead there would be nothing to prevent Moran from killing Sherlock too. Lestrade might be able to send him to jail, but Mycroft had just confirmed jail wouldn’t hold him. He’d be back on the street soon enough, and he’d go after Sherlock.
The information was like a shot of morphine. Sherlock felt his entire body relax, and his leaden eyelids fell shut once again.
Sherlock always had reasons for his actions. Whatever they had been for asking John to stay last night, he was sure they didn’t involve a sudden romantic desire that had been entirely absent from the previous five years of their relationship. (
Sherlock had spent the last few hours in the study of his mind palace, as he usually did on the nights when he slept. Sherlock had lucid dreams; he'd had them since he was young. From the moment he fell asleep to the moment he woke he was aware he was dreaming. He could control his own words and actions almost as precisely as he could while conscious. And although he could control what others said and did too (this had afforded him many entertaining nights winning at chess while Mycroft wore a hat adorned with fruit), he typically allowed the people he met in his mind palace to speak freely; witnesses from his cases, suspects, murderers—he let them do and say what they would, and he was often able to obtain a clue, glean a detail from their speech or actions he had missed during the day.
Her brow lifted. "Okay," and her voice was just a little bit sing-songy, but it didn't strike him as problematic like it used to. "I just ..." His mind supplied the next phrase, sod it all, and he shoved back from the computer to stride down the hallway where the ambulance crew, all donned in their PPE, was bringing the patient out of the room. There was no monitor needed any longer, just the patient, dressed, and the oxygen. Over the nasal cannula, the patient was also wearing a mask, but his eyes were bright and crinkled with an effusive hidden smile that just barely overshadowed his anxiety.
The sizzle and tingle of withdrawal, of the search for the next hit, ebbed and flowed. Addiction for him was like tides of want and longing that built and crested with an all-consuming loud demand that eventually, ultimately crashed down, dissipating into small bubbles that festered and simmered until the next wave. In moments of introspection he couldn't decide which extreme he hated most.
He nodded but was quiet until they were standing in the sporting good store and Sameer was looking even more confused, his puzzled expression seeking out John for an explanation.
Sherlock's arms come around him, easily, slowly, naturally as they lie together in bed a few days later. He can feel relief, senses the sweat cooling on his skin, the elevated heart rate sliding back down to normal ranges, the faint tremor of John's chest as he sighs, also in relief. The physician preferred that they stay overnight, and so they’d done so, for which John is grateful, because Rosie within a few days had been back to her normal, sweet, healthy self.
, and then John gives himself a mental shake, the voice in his head whispering, fuck it. He comes closer, presses his lips warmly against Sherlock's, his hand finding his jaw, touching, holding, remembering the tube and the tape and feeling like he just never ever wants to leave. The kiss is unrushed, their exhales felt on the others skin, John's hand against Sherlock's chin, the side of his face, their noses close but not in the way. A little more suction, the parting of warm lips, the hint and the promise of more, and then very slowly, John pulls back.
The tube is crowded crossing London, and Sherlock sees a few people standing, a woman with graying hair and a kind face. He coughs a few times as he's done over the past several annoying days - drat these symptoms, must've picked up Rosie's cold, although his is a painful dry cough - and offers his seat to her. With a grateful smile, she eases into it and finally relaxes, her face giving indication that she's been having pain. Sherlock gives her a quick glance again,
"No." The surgeon offered a brief touch, his hand resting on John's unaffected, uninjured arm and he clearly would be moving along. Except that John spoke again. "Hey. Do a good job?" The man hesitated then smiled warmly as he nodded, and with a grimace John added, "It's just, I'm their doc. They'll be needing me."
John stretches out his neck again and flexes his stiff shoulder, settles into the chair, and sips at his tea to hide his smile.
John looks up each time the door opens, or each time someone passes by the desk, but even so, when he looks up at one such interruption in the doorway, he is gobsmacked to see Lydia there.
Ted chuckled then, a somewhat harsh sound. "Yes you are." He swatted at John's calf and earned another curse as a reward.
This directive is for your eyes only. Of course, this caution applies to any and all correspondence, present and future.
"Whoa, back up a moment. I didn't say anything about you helping him. Or not helping him. He needs your support, to be certain. But the problem is his, and until he appreciates that, is motivated from within to make some serious changes, nothing you provide ..."
They chatted for a few more minutes, set up a training plan - see one, do one, teach one but for hotline workers, John thought. Perusing the schedule, he noted that there was an upcoming liaison training session with a member of Scotland Yard, led by DI Gregory Lestrade.
This piece will begin to get better for John from this chapter on, and Sherlock in the next one is going to have his come to Jesus moment of shock where his brother fails to rescue him (although indirectly, of course Mycroft is waiting and watching nearby).
There was a mirror, and he double checked his gear, his garb. A surgical head covering was in a stack by the door, and this he donned too. He'd been issued a pair of clear, plastic goggles that wrapped around his eyes, protection from droplets and spray and aerosolised particles. These he put on, too. There would be more gear, an N95 in the rack by the nurses station. Outside each room, in racks and on tables, would be gloves, gowns, bonnets, procedure masks, face shields.
Faintly, there was an audibly breathed chuckle, and as John was trying to figure out what he'd missed, Sherlock spoke again with a hint of chagrin. "Earlier, you offered ..." and he didn't finish the phrase, to warm up my feet, "... and ..."
A puff of air leaving those bowed lips told John what he thought of that idea. "It's colder upstairs." One of the logs shifted and John poked it into a better position. "Tell me why again you got the bigger, warmer, downstairs bedroom?"
"Improving. As is concentration, so." John squinted a little. "Not quite back to baseline but progressing."
Sameer answered in Dari but with a grin back, and a few exchanges later they were swept away, laughing, the man's children also speaking together with Sameer. One of the children, a girl a bit older than Rosie, came to say hello and, then smiling, she commented that she admired her shoes.
Inhale, tight supraclavicular excursions. Exhale, intercostal tightness. Again in short order, and John knows that breathing like that is exhausting and often a little claustrophobic. "I was worried," and he clears his throat. "Scared, when I woke up. Before I knew you were right there next to me."
John chuckled, knowing that an answer of yes to that would guarantee he'd be schlepping back over in the wee hours, and took that as his impetus to leave. "See you."
His strides, the sounds of his shoes, the hallway, the doorway of Sherlock's room, the curtain, and moments later John surveys the scene. Not a crime scene by a long shot, but enough clues that he huffs out a breath through pursed lips as he looks around.
"I know you hate it." The tension in John's own chest settled, lowered, at Sherlock's acknowledgement. "Transport and all."
"No back seat passengers." His fingers pressed, wriggled, and John could feel his body already responding. Sherlock smirked. "How long's the drive?" John couldn't decide if Sherlock's calculated smile was sinister or impish.
"I do." His brows furrowed and the scowl revealing the personal cost. "I just hate that the science, the process, all the safety measures, were compromised --"
The trickling blood was dark and thick, for which John was ... somewhat glad. Venous as opposed to arterial, which would have been brighter, redder, and possibly still pulsating. Sherlock made a thick, guttural sound in his throat followed by a few retching motions. With another grab at the box of tissues, John held them toward Sherlock's mouth. "Yeah, you probably don't want to swallow that."
play. And I have for a long time now." The face got sour. "Well, not when you're making intentional screeching ugliness on the violin, but..." Sameer was nodding, agreeing that the screeching wasn't pleasant.
"True, not exactly." He wriggled his neck about, exhaled, tried to let the tension in his neck, his shoulders dissipate. "They can't even come in and see him. It's terrible."
John gets a look at the monitor then finally, trying to stay back out of the way and fully expecting that at any moment he will be banished from the room due to instability, policy, or just being present in the first moments where getting settled usually involves staff and patient only, taking disorder and chaos to a systematic, organised set-up and usually preferring to do that without an audience. Sherlock is still bundled under a few blankets and modalities, but the monitor, at least that, John can see.
Just under the marriage certificate were more documents from when Sameer first came to them, his scant medical records, his file that had been given them by the military liaison. He came to the folder containing Sameer's adoption papers, all signed, notarised, sealed, and bound. The report cover was seldom opened these days, and John could feel a warm glow inside as he did crack open the front page to see the certificate and legal writings. It included a notarised copy of Sameer's original birth certificate, listing both John and Laila, the date, and where in Afghanistan the birth registry had been filed though most of the writing was in Dari. The certificate of adoption had been issued on crisp, official beige paper and was much more formal looking, bold font, some gold-gilt edges to the form. It listed all the details of his birth - date and location, parents names, place of registry. Underneath the original particulars, the official register stated the adoptive parents as John Watson and Sherlock Holmes.
Three pairs of eyes were trained on the still unmoving form on the bed. Moments later, the sheet was adjusted only enough for Sherlock's arm to protrude, palm up. Both the nurse and phlebotomist looked at John questioningly. "Looks like permission to me." Silently, John shook his head, the grin unstoppable at this point as he kept his laughter from being audible. "They'll need to scan your wristband, too, on the other arm.
Dean's mobile chirps off again, and he apologetically connects, then waves at the rest of them - John, Greg, and the intensivist - gesturing to John with a pointed finger and making it quite obvious that he is to rest, and stay in touch, and then he disappears.
"I know. And I apologise for the pressure." Although he can't see it, Mycroft knew that the man's facial expression was unpleasant; lips drawn, eyes tight, perhaps teeth clenched. He has at least marginally offended this man, this friend, resource, and confidante. Time to soothe the ruffled feathers. "Your opinion means quite a lot to me."
, seemingly just after he'd fallen asleep, hating the cold other side of the bed, missing John, missing their routine, worried. For all the years of abysmal sleep hygiene, of not sleeping, and never enough restful hours, Sherlock was reconditioned to need it and to depend on John’s company, his influence, his habits, and often the warmth and proximity of his body, in order to bring it about.
The one hand that remained moved until only two of her fingers remained on the neck of the microscope.
Messenger RNA (mRNA) vaccines are not attenuated or inactivated virus but a piece of synthesised protein material that encodes an antigen (the spike protein for SARS-CoV-2), and teaches our immune system to elicit a response with antibody production (JAMA, 2020; 324(12). It mimics a natural infection without the need to be exposed to an actual pathogen. Other trials of mRNA vaccines include Zika, CMV, and rabies are in progress, as well as their use for various cancers.
Mycroft's alert system was highly sensitive and it had been refined over the years that very little would slip by him. Or if it did, not for long. It wasn't always real time, but usually pretty close, within a couple of hours.
Finally, he does press a kiss against her temple and tuck her in her cot before ambling down the stairs.
Studies indicate that nicotine can be both sedating and stimulating. Initially, there is a "kick," in which the adrenal glands sense a trigger and release a catecholamine, epinephrine. It causes tingling of the skin, an increase in heart rate, breathing, and blood pressure. This all occurs within minutes. There is an immediate release of glucose as well from stores within the liver. The pancreas is prompted to produce less insulin in order to ensure that the body is not robbed of glucose needed, that fight or flight reaction. Dopamine, a pleasure producing hormone, is also released. It is similar to that released following either heroin or cocaine use. There is an overall feeling of contentment. Stroke volume, myocardial oxygen demand and consumption rises. There may be a sense of euphoria, an increase in acetylcholine and norepinephrine which elicit wakefulness. Circulation is impacted, an increased clotting tendency, atherosclerosis, and an enlargement of the aorta. Levels of triglycerides and LDL and VLDL cholesterols tend to rise with ongoing use, and HDL cholesterol, the good variety, tends to be reduced.
"What, you can use the words erection and lube in a sentence but don't like to mention that you like it when I tug at your hair, when I hold your head still with my hands?"
Sherlock added a mock frown, attempted unsuccessfully to glare. "Absolutely not. And no dishes left out, no half-eaten ice cream."
"I have a couple hours left here. And then maybe we could take your leg, and your cane, out for a little walk."
His arrival was unexpected, and Mycroft felt the slightest twinge of unease at the uncommon arrival of Dr. Watson. Although his first inclination was to stand, he forced his body to stay relaxed into the leather chair as he looked up. Slow steady breath. "John."
Trying techs to speech. Might take a few minutes to figure-eight out. This is bloody ridiculous. Everything hurts. It's the middle of the night. I am so groggy, foggy. Hung over. Except not. No one sleep sin hospitals. Will sort this out late or. Scotland. I'm never coming back here. Thank full no memory of getting hit. Should try to get some sleep. Nurse just in, paying pills. No paint piles. Forget it. Sure lock will come back tomorrow. Sure lock. No. Sure lock. Not sure lock. I'm done. For fuck's sake. Now that types clearly, go figure. So I'll say that again because I can, for fuck's sake.
This is it!  Thanks for following along, for all the help and encouragement on this rather intense journey.
. "You look like you've had a very rough day." He took further note of the state of his clothes, the stubble on his jaw, the defeated look in his eyes. "Rough couple of days perhaps."
to the light. Phototropism causes the cells farthest from the light to elongate out of proportion to the cells nearer the light, angling the stem, stalk, or leaf in a particular direction.
The raging storm escalated, clearly had settled in directly over them, surrounding the property with heavy rain, thunder and lightning, the occasional tremor as a strike must have hit close by. The wind didn't seem to be able to make up its mind from what direction it was coming from, as the sounds from all sides seemed to take turns indicating the origin. Some of the gusts led to actual rattling of the window panes in the frames, and John suspected there would be at least a few leaks to deal with come morning. Most of the time was quiet, listening to the storm rage, and John picked at the food he'd heated.
John had just spent the better part of -- who knew how long, seemed like hours - the previous span of time tending to an injury he couldn't see well with sparse equipment, removing the foreign body (while thinking tourniquet and emergency preparedness) and he was particularly concerned at the quiet of the now unimpaled man. "It's very likely you fractured your fibula," John told him. "Given the mechanism of injury and the swelling."
The case manager chuckles. "I'm sure. But we are probably kicking you out of here, so you can't stay here any longer."
"I think it's a bad idea." Sherlock's disdain was evident in his words and especially his tone. "A terrible idea."
A few lights were lit, and John gained house entry using the keypad, then quickly entered another code on the inside that disabled the remote security. The house, more of an estate actually, was lavish and beyond what John's personal taste would be - but actually quite nice. Several hallways, all with vaulted ceilings, coalesced in a central hall, a roomy kitchen, sitting room, great room, formal dining room, lounge, foyer, and roomy entry with fireplace came together. All was quiet, though John did call out a quiet ‘hello’ as he strolled in. Nothing like surprising someone who actually had permission to be there, and who was not expecting another person.
I'm sure that our fictitious OTP would have been quite sensitive, going both directions, to the needs of the other.  I just wanted to dabble with that concept a little more, and this ... just sort of happened.
"Thank goodness," Greg said, rising up on his toes with a grand gesture as he spied them both. "I would insist that you take him home immediately, but ..." He cast his eyes toward the floor, where Sherlock had obviously recently flung the contents of several file folders to the floor, the starburst of papers draping about, some folded, some upside down, none of them in anything resembling the stack they'd just been in. "Clean this up, Sherlock. And then you're done here for today."
"All right. And of course, we don't have to ..." John stumbled over his words. "Just to sleep, or ..."
At his reassurance of her efforts, of the compassion and caring activity, that the nurses and providers indeed were going to feel special and loved, she relaxed a bit and showed him some of the more unusual donations. At one point, she reached into the box of headgear, and handed something out to him. "I actually thought of you for this one, if you want it?"
It is a sobering realisation that the mere act of moving, of sitting up is strenuous, and Sherlock's chest heaves a bit as he struggles to breathe for a few seconds after becoming upright. Sherlock manages to get into a tripod position, bracketing his chest by pushing up on his hands resting on his knees, in order to maximise chest expansion.
The insomnia was nothing new. Sherlock had warned him early on that his sleep patterns were irregular. That he didn't need much sleep. That he worked at all hours when the mood struck.
He shrugged, knowing he would be making up something ridiculous and on the receiving end of their scorn, but he was willing to sacrifice himself at least a little in the interest of them getting along. "It's obvious. A puppy." He picked up the newspaper he'd been reading and pointedly did not look at the looks of disdain at his pitiful attempt.
"Hmmm." John manages, his mind coming back on line. His body, though, he realises, is already quite aware of the proximity and thoughts of his bed partner. They are close, sharing warmth and the faint movements of chest rise, of breathing. He tips his head back just a bit, nudges at Sherlock's shoulder faintly. Both are wearing sleepy smiles in the very dim light, enjoying the closeness, savouring the anticipation.
The quiet gaze that met him was one of cool appraisal, of annoyance, and a surprising lack of energy. "Here are your things," the officer told him, handing over his long coat and his wallet. "Do you have any questions about when you need to contact your probation coordinator?"
The kindness of the comment landed harder than a blow to Sherlock, and he blinked away the nearness of actual tears, of emotion. "Understatement."
"Someone should have told me. Or you should have, at the beginning." The statistics, John realises, are a little sobering. Many patients have some lingering sensation of breathlessness after pulmonary embolism, something like sixty percent at six months out from the initial insult. John chooses not to remind him that the diagnosis was actually listed on his discharge summary, that long and sobering record of the hospitalisation, the severity, the complications.
For a few seconds, John could feel both of the visitors staring back at him, seeing those very same eyes, the colour and shape, in John's face.
" -- we were attacked. And in that moment, everything changed." John waited, listening to the silence on the line, the sound of someone outdoors, muted traffic. He wondered if his distraction, his conversation, was working. "You still there?"
A few names were spoken, the man introducing himself, his wife, their two sons and a daughter. "It is much nice to meet you." He smiled wanly then, corrected, "
"I understand," he said with a nod. Then, knowing all of them had multiple things to do, the doc stands. "So mentating, yes. Awake. Hypoxic as I said, sats high 80s on high flow. Tachypneic." He reaches out a hand. "Sorry for the rush, I have to finish, enter orders, facilitate getting him to ICU. And I know you want to see him."
"Come on, let me hear you," John whispered, tugging again at Sherlock's apparently very sensitive hair follicles. With his other hand, he let it splay down his chest, brushing lightly over the stripe of hair, dipping into his navel, going lower. He was rewarded by a delicious guttural groaning, the faint vibration of sounds trying to break forth.
Because Lestrade had realised early on that the price for Sherlock’s talents was an inability to make human connections. And as much as he envied Sherlock’s skill, he knew he would never choose to pay that price. Sherlock swanned around like it was nothing to him, and Lestrade would have believed it if it hadn’t been for that night—the night he’d seen the evidence. The evidence that the cost of being the perfect detective—tightly wound cogs and gears, spinning out deductions as accurately as a calculator, mechanical reasoning, no place for emotion—had devastating consequences, even for someone as strong as Sherlock.
John would have felt worse about it, but at the same time he knew he would’ve had to back out a long time ago if Sherlock’s morally or at least legally questionable methods bothered him on more than just a surface level. Sherlock’s plans worked, and this one was no exception. Now they had another body—a living one this time—with scars on his thighs.
was flashing mutely on the telly. John was intensely curious about how Sherlock was going to get them from here to a view of Tony’s bare legs. But Sherlock had been silent during the cab ride, which John knew meant he would (once again) have to find out in real time.
“Oh, I believe you, Mary,” Sherlock sneered. “I know for a fact you wouldn’t hesitate to kill me without any provocation at all.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and checked his watch. “Full effects of the drug kicking in now. Good to know.” He stood up from the crate and held out his hand.
John's eyes shot to Sherlock, who merely steepled his fingers together. He would play this close to his chest, John knew. He wouldn't let her know the possible importance of her information.
“Should have been eliminated,” Sherlock corrected. “If the case hadn’t been handled by a bunch of incompetent amateurs.” He shut his laptop and re-buttoned his suit jacket as he stood. “It seems the standards for Scotland Yard were even lower than they are today, if that’s possible. I suppose in those days virtually anyone could walk in and say, ‘Good morrow old chaps, by-the-by I fancy I’ll be a detective today!’”
to use it, the look he’d received had been sharp enough to slice his head off. He’d been informed, in no uncertain terms, that not to use readily available information just for the sake of not using it would be negligent and contemptible and moronic and whatever else John didn’t know because he’d already put in his earphones.
Sherlock stopped pacing. “I know you don’t like it when I call you an ‘idiot,’ but when you freely display a thought process at the level of tabloid-readers you make it difficult for me to give you any credit otherwise.”
He could call Lestrade, but he doubted Sherlock would involve the DI in something he wouldn’t even tell John about. Mycroft, definitely not. He knew it wouldn’t prevent him from calling them both in about five minutes if he couldn’t think of anything else.
“I didn’t believe the tabloids,” John snapped. “But Janine looked pretty comfortable sleeping in your bed when I found her there in her knickers, so I assumed—”
Sherlock leapt up from the chair and was at the wall of photographs in a few strides. He pointed to the pictures as he said their names.
The detective scrubbed his hand over his face. His skin was even paler than usual. When was the last time he’d eaten? With a sinking feeling like cold lead John realised that in the chaos of the ball, the strip club, the cemetery, he had forgotten to make Sherlock eat.
With cocaine he solved problems in whirlwinds of calculations too fast for any of the bad thoughts to catch him, speeding up time to evade the torturous drag of insipid minutes and hours. And with heroin—there was nothing else that could still his racing, self-destructive mind to such a blissful state of numbness. There was nothing else that could shut his thoughts up so completely.
He meant to turn and walk away; he was late already. But something about the song… He hadn’t heard this one before. And the way Sherlock was playing… There was a weight to it, an insistence, as though it were crying out to be heard. Was it possible to play a song so that it demanded attention more than another song? John didn’t know anything about the violin, but he felt himself pulled forward and he stepped back into the doorway soundlessly, not wanting to interrupt, not wanting Sherlock to stop playing.
John opened the door and took an involuntary step backward when he saw his ex-flatmate on the steps, a taxi idling behind him on the street. John hadn’t seen him in weeks; if he’d forgotten even a bit how arresting was the appearance of Sherlock Holmes, he was duly reminded now. The consulting detective was sharply dressed in an exquisite tux, thick black curls styled to perfection, standing on the doorstep with his hands in his pockets.
Sherlock flopped back against the pillows, the confrontation evidently having drained what little energy he had, “was my brother.”
“How are we going to question her while pretending we’re only there for sex? I suppose she won’t be interested in an interrogator/witness roleplay.” John chuckled at absurdity of the idea and Sherlock gave him a sideways glance.
When he turned around he found John asleep in the middle of the bedroom floor. He assumed it was because he knew in reality John was sleeping on the floor in the living room, but there was no need for this version to be sleeping on the floor as well. He had a perfectly good, queen-sized bed just a few feet away. Sherlock knelt down and put his hand on John's shoulder. John's eyes fluttered open.
“God damn it!” John whirled around and hit him. His left fist caught the side of Sherlock’s face hard enough that he dropped his arm.
Sherlock waited and finally John breathed. The deep inhale and long, shaking exhale had something to do with relief, panic, exhaustion, confusion, victory, and defeat.
In response Sherlock climbed up onto his lap and flipped over onto his back. Startled, Mycroft instinctively put his arms around the baby to support him. Sherlock was asleep in a minute and Mycroft felt a pull from behind his chest. From that moment on it was too late. He loved his little brother, and it would be his responsibility to teach and protect him, come what may.
They were shoved out the door into an alley, their coats thrown out after them. Sherlock, dexterous tosser, caught his before it hit the ground. John’s landed just a centimetre from a puddle. It had been raining all night and John felt the drops falling lightly on his shoulders. Fortunately it was a warm evening for October. He picked up his coat and went to re-button his shirt, but Sherlock grabbed his arm.
John did not want to talk about it, but he also knew that Mrs. Hudson wouldn’t rest until she’d wrung it out of him and then properly consoled him. So John sighed and said, “I killed her cats.”
He ran, desperate to break through the fog, to see something, anything. He needed to wake up. Where was Sherlock? He needed to hear his voice. But there was nothing beyond the fog. Soft, damp grass and thick, grey fog. He had to try to get out. Why hadn’t Sherlock come to see him? What if— But no. He couldn’t consider the possibility.
Initially she had considered whether she would be able to kill Mike Stamford and make it look like a workplace accident. But of course Sherlock would figure it out. The difficulty of being in love with the world’s most brilliant and beautiful detective: you can’t kill people to get to him.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock said, and he truly was. “I should have told you I was alive.” He really should have.
John looked at him, dazed and confused, hair mussed from where Sherlock had run his hands through, pupils large and black under the kitchen light. Sherlock looked helplessly, desperately at the only person he’d ever wanted.
He’d been getting nowhere on a murder investigation, and was feeling particularly hopeless about it when Sherlock walked through the door telling him the name of the murderer and the time and address where he would find him. With no other leads to go on Lestrade decided he may as well go off on a wild goose chase as sit banging his head against the desk in his office. He was amazed when the boy’s advice turned out not only to be sound, but entirely brilliant.
John went to the kitchen and took down two tumblers. He didn’t bother asking what Sherlock wanted. The official drink of 221B was Scotch and soda.
Sherlock leaned back again and scoffed, “There’s scarcely reason to be upset about a person living in Berlin. Granted it’s a dreary sort of place but it’s hardly cause for alarm.”
“His name is Carl Reeves,” Mycroft said as John drew out the photograph and criminal record. The guy was big, six-three according to the mugshot, and bulky, a typical strong-arm type. His head was shaved and he had a tattoo on his neck of playing cards: Two aces, diamonds and spades.
Sherlock stopped short and swung himself up onto the fence. He scaled it swiftly, climbed over, and dropped down on the other side. John didn’t need to be told to follow. Sherlock pulled a small torch from his pocket and they began to wander among the graves.
He slid into the bed and looked with concern at his sleeping flatmate. It was a good idea after all, John thought, closing his eyes. He wanted to be close to Sherlock tonight if he woke up in pain. And, at the very least, it was better for his neck than sleeping on the couch, which had been John’s original plan.
He wasn’t surprised. He didn’t give her enough credit to be able to act well enough to fool him—not an easy feat. So far only Moriarty and The Woman had been able to do it. No, she was genuine, everything from her stammering to her blushes—annoying but harmless. If she was working for someone she was doing it unwittingly. It wouldn’t take more than a gentle hand to help her connect the dots, even make her think she’d come up with the idea to go to Sherlock on her own. It wouldn’t be the first time a bad Samaritan had pointed him in the right direction. And if that was the case, so be it. The right direction was the right direction, regardless of who revealed the path. If someone with less than honorable intentions was waiting for him further down the road, he would meet him there.
I have no idea what brought him back; he should have been dead. So if you lie to me now, there will be nothing left of this fucked up marriage to salvage.
The amygdala of John's brain submitted a motion to panic, but his prefrontal cortex vetoed it. Sherlock was still asleep. His steady breathing, hot and humid against the skin at the base of John's throat, told him that much. But
The mention of the name set them off snickering again, and it was only by deep inhales and slow exhales through his nose that John managed to calm himself.
“No blood or vomit in my cab,” he warned, eyeing them as though they had come from some kind of warehouse rave party. “Or any other bodily fluids,” he added for good measure.
Sherlock fell backward into the grass on the cliff-side of the path and John landed on top of him, hands at his collar. Sherlock, having trained in boxing and judo, had extensive experience with hand-to-hand fighting and lighting fast reflexes. The second they hit the ground he rolled, flipping them over so that John lay on his back beneath him. John, however, had earned a reputation among his army regiment as the soldier to beat in the extracurricular wrestling matches. He was used to wrestling people taller than him, and instinctually he knew what to do.
The two of them watched Sherlock for a while. After walking back and forth across the alley at what would have appeared to be a leisurely stroll to anyone who didn’t know him, Sherlock finally bent down to examine the victim. Lestrade checked his watch again. Sherlock was agonisingly slow about this process. He knew he couldn’t complain—he knew he couldn’t do half as well in even double the time—but all the same, he couldn’t help rocking back on his heels impatiently as Sherlock took what seemed like ages to examine the body, and probably every spore floating around it.
John was jolted roughly awake as Sherlock leapt to his feet, untangling them in in one fluid motion.
And then Irene Adler had thrown him for a loop. Sherlock had reacted differently to her. Although nothing had come of it (as far as John knew), he had begun to wonder if it wasn’t that the world’s only consulting detective was asexual, but that there was no one good enough for him. No one clever enough, attractive enough, and challenging enough had crossed his path. Perhaps Irene had come the closest, but she was dead, and John doubted anyone could come as close again.
Sherlock often worked all night, but this was now the third day in a row and he hadn’t gone home, hadn’t slept, hadn’t rested since he'd started.
,” Moriarty snarled. “You know I used to think we were similar. I used to think you were on my level. But look at you now. You
John paused looking at the fashionably slim trousers and the sleek cut of the jacket. He’d seen this suit once before.
He couldn’t change his brother, but he could prepare him. He wouldn’t send the boy out into the battlefield snivelling and defenceless. He would give him the necessary armour to fight. The wind might rage around him, but Sherlock would remain standing. Mycroft would see to it.
"They're insisting you stay over at least another night for recovery. And you will, Sherlock. Try anything and you’ll find the nurses here are stronger than you’d expect.”
“The whole operation was clearly orchestrated by powerful people with resources. They were able to arrange a stabbing, a burglary, and have a car run off the road. The only problem was that Parker’s body was sent to the same funeral home as Riley and Elliot’s. The killer couldn’t have foreseen the coincidence. Or that the embalmer would be a fan of your blog and put the two together.”
She stood over him, straddling his chair. John kept his gaze firm, looking up at her face. She dipped down, rolling her hips with the music, giving him a lap dance. John took a deep breath. She was beautiful and he gathered he should probably look like he was into it for the sake of ‘distracting her’ or whatever the hell it was Sherlock had said he was supposed to be doing. But perhaps it was because they were on a case, or maybe it was just the inescapable unreality of strippers and prostitutes in general, but John found it more difficult to look like he was enjoying it than he might have thought. There were two talented actors in the room and he wasn’t one of them.
John was looking at Sherlock earnestly as he said, “You called me. You called me from the roof of the building. People who are determined to kill themselves don’t call someone. They write a note, maybe, because a note is concrete. It’s final. A note can’t argue with you. The people who call someone when they’re about to commit suicide are usually people who don’t really want to do it; they want someone to talk them out of it.”
"Exactly." Unrushed, John waited again. "So they closed it, and he should never have that kind of problem again. It's protective, that it's closed."
The concern, the tremble in his voice, sets off an alarm bell in John's mind. He reaches for the light, turns back in time to see Sherlock just beginning to ease back against the pillow, looking downward. His hand is at the top of his leg, over his pyjamas, and he is cringing and curled up tight, his knee coming up, guarding his body. Uncomfortable, alarmed, and - John sees - frightened. The position of his hand, protectively over the top of his thigh, on the outside of his lower abdomen is ominous, the way he is breathing is another clue. Uh oh.
"Mr. Holmes, I apologise if we somehow got off on the wrong foot. I assure you that you and I will work together to devise a few treatment options, in a few days when he is more awake and involved. But you and I can make as many plans as we want, but the only successful one will be the one that Sherlock agrees with." He gentled, his eye contact kind. "I know you have been his safety net for a long time. But perhaps this time, he needs to experience some of the consequence." At Mycroft's tilt of his head, acknowledging the comment, the man continued. "It is not an easy road, for either of you."
The man smiled, a warm and friendly smile that was heartfelt and wholly kind. He reached out a hand toward Sameer to shake it, and unleashed a few sentences in Dari. Sameer listened, enrapt, his smile also broad. He spoke so quickly that John of course didn't recognise a single syllable, but Sameer was enthralled. The man chuckled then, and gave a quick nod at John and Sherlock then addressed Sameer. "Your English is probably better than mine," the man said, teasingly.
"Jesus Christ," John says quickly, urgently reaching for a piece of gauze from the table "Hello, blood thinners, did you forget?" he complains as he presses the gauze over the rather readily flowing site, the trickle of blood deep red that touches the sheet before John can get to it.
He blinked, considering Rosie's expression - and he knew she would not be blowing on his cake, he could tell by her reluctant expression - and, ignoring his brother for the moment, he smiled and leaned closer. "You know what else is gross, Rosie?"
After softly clearing his throat, John pressed on. "It's okay to be angry at this. It's ... nothing you can control. And if you need to complain, I'm fine listening."
Sherlock leans down, carefully not to catch his IV on anything, takes the blanket and spreads it over them both. John scoots closer to the edge of the recliner so that they are near enough to feel each other's body heat. The movie, the beer, the pretzels, and the blanket are a nice combination. It's not the sitting room on Baker Street, not like sitting near each other on their couch, but it is satisfying all the same. Although they only speak a little, the words aren't necessary to enjoy where they are. Despite the warmth of the blanket and the company, John feels the chill of the room in his feet, tucks his toes under Sherlock's pyjama-clad calves.
That could be fixed, a request to his brother, along with some strongly worded fussing for having abandoned him. He weasled his way back to an abandoned building, recognised someone, borrowed a phone. Only to find that Mycroft was not taking his calls directly, and when he tried the work extensions, he met a stone wall there too. Even when he'd managed to coerce his way through a series of lies to Mycroft's PA, no amount of threats, cajoling, or complaining would get his call placed through. "I'll take a message," he kept hearing.
"We'll find out for you." Even in his current fog, John recognised the lie, that medical speak for 'we know but we're not telling you' and let his eyes close to unsuccessfully block out the bad news. "One thing at a time, okay, and we'll get started soon. Some nice general anaesthesia for you, a little nap, some hospital time ahead of you. You're just outside of Kabul." John nodded by rote, wondering which of his comrades had fallen, feeling the ache and burn in his chest as he fought down the emotion. "Do you have any questions?" At this John opened his eyes to find the surgeon backpedaling, remembering the question John had asked, about his buddies. "I mean, any
He had watched the monitors - prone, oxygen saturations 92% and often higher than that. As soon as they would supinate, back down to the low eighties.
So yeah, Christine, good luck with that. Or, maybe tonight at least, you're welcome would be more appropriate.
"It's just something little." Tamping down on his mild embarrassment, the awkwardness, John downplayed it best he could. "I thought it would ..."
John follows, stops to don a head covering that he takes from the rack Dr. Steinberg - Dean - stops at. He is a few paces behind as they enter the procedure room but turn immediately to the side hall, into the glass observation area. There are a few technicians, several others in scrubs, the intensivist, and of course some people actually working in the small room.
"No." Sherlock, there on the couch where John'd helped him get to, huffed out a breath but didn't otherwise resist as John wrapped the cuff. "Unnecessary."
Although John can't hear the words clearly, the reaction of the therapist and Dawn is an immediate bark of laughter.
"I have no need of a crayon from my brother." Sherlock cast another disdainful glance at John. "Now who's being ridiculous."
They have just left Sherlock's appointment with his primary doctor, which is one of the senior partners at the surgery at which John works. He's only taken short shifts so far, but is somewhat uneasy about it. Rosie has been with a minder, sometimes Molly, sometimes one of the other sitters John's used.
Sherlock set it down, while Mycroft stood, arms crossed, waiting. John watched while Sherlock began to unpack.
"We've used Skype for live translator resources on the computer if we've needed to, so someone will be available, and it's so easy, trust me. We don't need it much, the kid is already almost just absorbing English while he sleeps or something. He understands almost everything, and is more confident in his speaking. But having it available is peace of mind for all of us."
The parade to the door consists of Sherlock seated, a nurse pushing the chair, John following close behind, the volunteer with their bags, and the pre-arranged car is waiting at the kerb. The driver loads the bags into the boot, the volunteer disappears. John switches over the oxygen cannula to their own tank, and the nurse begins to help with the footrests, the wheelchair, with helping Sherlock stand up.
Dawn has been watching, and she tells John quietly, "It was worth a try, but he's not ready yet." Her fingers press some buttons on the IV medicine again, the propofol, and they watch over the next few minutes as Sherlock's whole body settles back down. John and Dawn finally make eye contact once Sherlock is resting again, perhaps mildly disappointed that the decrease in sedation was temporary but relieved he is calm again. "Maybe once he's able to sit up, it'll feel better." She checks again that everything is as it is supposed to be, the IV sites, the dressing at the groin, the quality of pulses in the arm with the stent in it, the breathing tube and vent settings. "Worth a try, but we'll stay the course until the time flat is done."
She pinches the tubing and there is a faint flashback of blood, which is good, but there is still a faint scowl on her face. "Site's three days old, they don't last forever. I'm going to ask our IV nurse to evaluate, possibly start a new one."
Sherlock silently grits his teeth, fusses with the sheet and blanket that rest over his stomach, and continues to say nothing.
"It does, of course, include presents though. But you and Rosie give them to papa and me." Sherlock's delivery was spot on, believable. "Sound good?" For a moment, Sam's eyes were wide as he considered the truth of the statement, and how he was going to manage something unexpected, like a gift. Sherlock pressed again, "Guess you both better get busy making something. Or finding someone to sponsor your shopping trip. Uncle Mycroft comes immediately to mind."
