They went up to the Gryffindor common room where Ron and Hermione had books and parchment spread out over the tables, and Hermione appeared to be writing a letter. There was no sign of John or Sherlock, but judging by the way Sherlock was looking at John during the meeting, Dean was sure they were spending some alone time together.
‘I grow tired of this Minister,’ Mycroft continued, then raised his voice so it filled the courtroom. ‘As you all know by now, Clause Seven of the Decree states that magic might be used before Muggles in exceptional circumstances, and as those exceptional circumstances include situations which threaten the life of wizard himself, or any other witches, wizards or Muggles present at the time-’
‘It was all right,’ John shrugged. He considered telling them about the vision he’d had of Voldemort, but a slight shake of the head from Sherlock changed his mind. ‘I think we were both just waiting for it to be over. My family already have a difficult enough time accepting that I’m a wizard. Trying to explain being a Seer is pretty much impossible.’
‘Of course you are. We are all in agreement that Mr Watson’s use of these spells falls precisely into the category of exceptional circumstances the clause describes?’
‘Dear old Hogwarts,’ he said, looking up at the castle. ‘How good it is to be here, how good… Vikto, come along, into the warmth… you don’t mind, Dumbledore? Viktor has a slight head cold…’
‘I want to go for a walk, you guys want to come?’ Dean asked, dusting his hands off once he dumped the last bag down.
‘What?’ said Mr Weasley, looking rather frightened and pulling the bed covers higher up his chest. ‘No, no - it’s nothing - it’s - I -’ He seemed to deflate under Mrs Weasley’s piercing gaze. ‘Well - now don’t get upset, Molly, but Augustus Pye had an idea… he’s a Trainee Healer, you know, lovely young chap and very interested in … um … complementary medicine … I mean, some of these old Muggle remedies… well, they’re called
Moody nodded, then looked at the cut on John’s head. ‘You should get Madam Pomfrey to look at that.’
As the evenings darkened, and the air became icy-cold, Dean noticed a sudden change in Castiel. His behaviour became erratic, one moment almost falling asleep during class, then next throwing a Quaffle furiously on the ground when he thought he messed up during Quidditch practice. He always insisted he was fine when Dean asked, but the bags under his eyes and the permanent frown between his eyebrows said otherwise.
about security. You couldn’t wish for a more enthusiastic Head of the Sports Department, though. He played Quidditch for England himself, you know. And he was the best Beater the Wimbourne Wasps ever had.’
‘Aaaah,’ said Ron, imitating Trelawney’s mystical whisper, ‘when two Neptunes appear in the sky, it is a sure sign that a midget in glasses is being born, Harry…’
Umbridge's toadlike smile widened. 'Of course,' she said sweetly, making yet another note. 'Well, if you could just predict something for me, then?'
Fred and George went to find their own compartment, and Dean sent Sam off to find some other first-years to make friends with.
‘What’s this all about, Cas?’ Dean asked, when Cas finally straightened up. ‘You panic every time someone’s mad, and sometimes not even at you. What happened to you, man?’
'Well, what can we do about that?' Ron yawned. ''S too late, isn't it? She got the job, she's here to stay. Fudge'll make sure of that.'
John shook his head vigorously, and Dean saw that he was sweating. ‘No. No, they can still be caught.’ He tried to pull away from Sherlock, but Sherlock gripped him tighter.
‘Only a week away!’ said Ernie Macmillan, emerging from the Great Hall. ‘I wonder if Cedric knows? Think I’ll go tell him…’
High-pitched, terrible, and accompanied by a twisted and agonised expression. John automatically shrank away from it, the screams encompassing all.
John’s ears pricked up, but he couldn’t help but feel that Sherlock would find better opportunity in eavesdropping on top secret Ministry business.
John shook his head. Lord Voldemort was the last person he wanted to see. He hesitated. He could leave now, but he couldn’t help but feel he needed to witness this. There had to be a reason he was here, so, though it was painful, he forced himself to stay.
‘Well, they’re Apparating, aren’t they?’ said Mrs Weasley, heaving the large pot over to the table and lading porridge into bowls. ‘So they can have a bit of a lie-in.’
Gabriel was spared having to answer by Professor McGonagall, who was coming down the stairs with her arms full of books.
Cas allowed himself a small smile, despite the seriousness of the situation. 'Someone has to keep it together, and I'm usually quite good in a crisis. Usually.' He shifted slightly closer to Dean. 'Give it a couple of hours, and I'm sure I'll be the same blubbering mess I always am.'
‘Maybe,’ said the witch. ‘That one’s always seemed a bit smarter than the others. She’s always escaping. Maybe she knows you like her.’
‘I did indeed. Magorian wanted to summon you here, as we used to, but I thought you were a little old for that.’
John walked beside Sherlock as they followed the lantern-lit trail. Despite already knowing the outcome of the match, he was thoroughly enjoying himself. The atmosphere of excitement was highly infectious, and soon all of them were chattering and joking loudly. They walked through the woods for about twenty minutes until they emerged in the shadow of the gigantic stadium. Though they could only see a fraction of the immense gold walls from where they were standing, they could tell that ten cathedrals could easily fit inside it.
‘Come here, then,’ said Dumbledore to the Weasleys, Harry, John and Sherlock. ‘And quickly, before anyone else joins us.’
John gasped quietly as everything around him pulsed, but there was too much going on around him for him to be able to focus.
Two desks had been crammed inside, and there was hardly any room for them to move past the overflowing filing cabinets.
He pulled back the curtains from around his bed, and saw that the rest of the boys had changed into their dress robes too. They were all fidgeting self-consciously, none moreso than Ron, but when John thought back to what his robes looked like before Dean altered them, it could have been a lot worse.
‘I no more suspect Madame Maxime than Hagrid,’ said Dumbledore. ‘I think it is possible that it is you who are prejudiced, Cornelius.’
They were all suddenly dazzled by a blinding white light as the Top Box was magically illuminated. Two wizards entered the box and handed Fudge an immense golden cup.
‘You don’t want to go to Divination either.’ John felt a playfulness in the back of his mind from Sherlock. ‘I’m not going to skip Divination.’
‘Yeah, that’s what I mean.’ John spooned some beef casserole onto their plates, and Hermione began eating at top speed again.
‘Yes, well, the idea was quite popular,’ Hermione said happily. ‘Ron, will you pull up some chairs?’
He broke off. His face was suddenly tense, alarmed. He turned sideways, apparently looking into the solid brick wall of the fireplace.
‘Dobby volunteered to return Harry Potter’s owl,’ Dobby said. ‘Professor Grubbly-Plank says she is all well now, sir.’
It was way too big for him, but he didn’t seem to mind. He wrapped it around himself and nodded. The two of them then sat down by the fire.
‘The ones that were killed by the giants?’ Sherlock said, his eyes widening. ‘I never knew they bred with humans.’
As they walked, people began emerging from their tents to cook breakfast. Some were attempting to light their fires the Muggle way, while others looked around furtively and conjured flames with their wands.
‘Well, it’s not for long,’ said Mr Weasley, peering at the four bunk-beds that had been squeezed into the bedroom. ‘I borrowed this from Perkins at the office. Doesn’t camp much anymore, poor fellow, he’s got lumbago.’ He picked up a dusty kettle and looked inside it. ‘We’ll need water…’
Just then, they heard Mr Diggory shout, ‘We’ve got them! There’s someone here! It’s – but – blimey…’
John slept through the whole day, only waking when the smell of food drifted up to him through the house.
John dug through his pockets and found the Sickles needed. Hermione beamed at him as she wrote his name down on another piece of parchment, and gave him a badge, which he pinned to the front of his robes.
Peeves stuck out his tongue, threw the rest of the balloons into the air, and zoomed off up the marble staircase.
Dean bit his lip and was just about to ask Harry for the Marauder’s Map, when Cas finally arrived with Padma Patil.
Sam ran down the ward, shoved Fudge out of the way, and slid down next to John. 'I can help,' he said breathlessly.
Umbridge blinked but recovered her poise almost instantly. 'Well, then, you should be able to tell me what Slinkhard says about counter-jinxes in Chapter Fifteen.'
Castiel’s wand was on the seat next to him, his hand resting over it, and it was glowing. Castiel’s eyes flashed over the top of his book at Malfoy, who gulped nervously.
'Ah, Fudge,' said Lucius, holding out his hand. 'How are you? I don't believe you've met my wife Narcissa? Or our son Draco?'
Their feet slammed into the ground and most of them fell over. Only Mr Weasley, Mr Diggory, Cedric and Dean retained their balance. The Portkey hit the ground with a heavy thud.
'And now,' he said, 'it is time for two of our number to recognise each other for what they are. Sirius… if you could resume your usual form.'
‘Come on, let’s get that tea,’ John said, pulling Sherlock towards the tearoom and sitting him down at a table.
‘These’re Nifflers,’ said Hagrid, when the class had gathered around. ‘Yeh find ‘em down mines mostly. They like sparkly stuff… there yeh go, look.’
‘What’s that supposed to mean?’ said Ron indignantly. ‘What sort of person cries while someone’s kissing them?’
‘The expert’s just upstairs with Dumbledore and then there’s going to be a little photoshoot. This is Rita Skeeter, she’s doing a small piece on the tournament for the
‘Thanks.’ Dean grinned, then said, ‘Oh,’ as Cas stopped in front of the silver swan painting, ‘you’re going up to Ravenclaw tonight?’
'Of course I do!' said Sirius. 'D'you think your father and I would've lain down and taken orders from an old hag like Umbridge?'
All he could hear was his and his mother's breathing, then both of them froze as they heard the front door open. One of them went upstairs, and the other two walked slowly along the hallway.
Cas let go of Dean’s hand and knelt down in front of John. ‘It’s all right,’ he murmured, putting a hand on John’s shoulder. ‘Here, I can make you feel better.’
Dean sidled up to John half way through a meeting under the pretence of helping him with the Impediment jinx.
Cas shook his head and held up the empty phial of potion he’d used on Charlie. ‘I’ll live,’ he said.
‘Maybe you know this already, but Seers are few and far between. They’re valuable, and devastating in the wrong hands. That’s why I’ve been personally assigned to protect them in the past.’
Cas gave him a sympathetic look then briefly held Dean's hand. 'I know how hard it is to feel safe sometimes,' he whispered.
‘There’s something I haven’t told you,’ Harry said. ‘On Sunday morning, I woke up and my scar was hurting again.
‘You’ll find out this evening, I expect,’ Mrs Weasley smiled. ‘It’s going to be very exciting. Mind you, I’m glad they’ve changed the rules.’
They were allowed to stay inside for break that day, due to the driving wind and rain, but instead of heading to the empty classroom that they had been allowed to use, Dean ran up to the dormitory and dug through his trunk. He found what he was looking for and smiled, shoving a small glass jar into his bag before hurrying back downstairs.
‘I think you saw previous champion of the Tournament, since you were looking at the Goblet when it happened.’
John was still holding his crystal ball, grimacing, lying across Sherlock’s lap. He had been trying to find Cas since dinner with no luck. 'Come here,' he said to Dean, beckoning him over, hoping to replicate the push Dean had given him at Grimmauld Place.
‘I did warn you,’ said a deep, amused voice, and everyone turned to see Dumbledore coming out of the Great Hall. ‘I suggest you both go up to the hospital wing. Castiel is getting quite adept at removing beards, having already tended to Miss Fawcett and Mr Summers this morning. Though I must say, neither of their beards were anything like as fine as yours.’
didn’t fall of, did you?’ said Mr Diggory amiably, slapping Cedric on the back. ‘Always modest, our Ced, always the gentleman… but the best man won, eh? One falls off his broom, one stays on, you don’t need to be a genius to work out which one’s the better flier!’
Dean patted a couple of the Nifflers that had come to investigate him. ‘They are,’ he agreed. ‘Cas, you know I'm your friend, right?’
She put her hands on his shoulders and took a few deep breaths. ‘I feel powerful wizard’s magic,’ she said. ‘It’s blocking your visions and weakening your ability to control them.’
‘Igor,’ Dumbledore began, but Karkaroff had drawn himself up, clutching his furs around him, looking livid.
Dean slept fitfully that night, taking a long time to fall asleep at all, and waking at a sharp cry from John in the early hours of the morning. He heard Sherlock shushing him quietly, and John muttering about a snake.
They were joined shortly by John, and then by Hermione, who was accompanied by what John thought was an almost transparent, misty cloud.
‘May I introduce our new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher,’ Dumbledore said brightly. ‘Professor Moody.’
Just then, Mrs Weasley quietly opened the door. ‘Oh, you’re already awake,’ she whispered, then moved over to wake up Harry and Ron.
Cas tucked Gabriel in as well. As soon as he was satisfied everyone was secure and comfortable, he finally went to bed himself, though he couldn't sleep through the adrenaline racing through him.
Hagrid got up, went across to the chest of drawers beside his bed and started searching for something inside it. They didn’t pay too much attention, until a truly horrible smell reached their nostrils.
‘Eurgh’ just about summed up the Blast-Ended-Skrewts. John peered into one of the crates and saw a clutch of what looked like deformed, shell-less lobsters. Horribly pale and slimy-looking, with legs sticking out at odd places, and no visible heads, there were about a hundred of them in each crate. At about six inches long, they crawled over each other, bumping blindly into the sides of the boxes. They gave off a very powerful smell of rotting fish, and every now and then, sparks flew out of the end of a Skrewt, propelling it forweard several inches.
‘Hi,’ said Fred, reaching the bar first and counting everyone, ‘could we have… twenty-seven Butterbeers, please?’
Cas looked down and John and Dean caught each other’s eye. Both were aware of the circumstances of his mother’s death.
‘Family argument, eh?’ smirked the blonde witch behind the desk. ‘You’re the third I’ve seen today… Spell Damage, fourth floor.’
They heard urgent voices as they approached the spot where the Portkeys were, and when they reached it, they found a crowd of witches and wizards gathered around Basil, the keeper of the Portkeys. Mr Weasley had a hurried discussion with him, and they were able to take an old tyre back to Stoatshead Hill before the sun had properly risen. They walked back down the hill to The Burrow, with many breaks for John and taking turns carrying his bag for him, thinking longingly of breakfast. They rounded a corner, and as The Burrow came into view, a cry echoed along the damp lane.
Just then, a highly excited, breathless voice called down the table, ‘Hiya, Harry!’ It was Colin Creevey.
There was a pleasant feeling of anticipation in the air that day. No one was particularly attentive in lessons.
‘No,’ said Moody, taking a swig from his flask. ‘Took a leaf out of your book, Potter. Summoned the map from my office into the Forest. He wasn’t anywhere on there.’
‘There are a select few at the Ministry who have been made aware. Your brother, for example, whose recent appointment as Head of the Department of Mysteries may prove to be a great asset. May I ask, are you avoiding saying her name for any particular reason?’
‘Oh, hi, Dean,’ Hermione said, when she saw him come in. ‘I’m just catching Cas up on what he missed in Ancient Runes today.’
Just then, the front door opened, footsteps came down the hall, and John suddenly found himself in a headlock.
‘Ow!’ said Hermione, tears pricking at her eyes. She tried to wipe it off with a napkin, but there were already so many sores all over her fingers that she looked as though she were wearing a pair of particularly knobbly gloves.
he yelled, smacking his bowl and goblet off the table, letting them clang to the floor, then stamping off the way John and Sherlock had gone.
‘I think you’d all better check you’ve packed everything and get ready for bed!’ said Mrs Weasley, breaking up the argument. ‘Come on, now, all of you…’
‘Oh yeah?’ said Moody quietly, limping forward a few steps. ‘Well, I know your father, boy… you tell him Moody’s keeping a close eye on his son… you tell him from me… now your Head of house will be Snape, will it?’
‘Let’s see,’ he said in his silkiest voice. ‘Fifty points from Gryffindor and a detention each for Potter and Weasley. Oh, and another twenty from Watson. Control your friends. Now, all of you, get inside.’
Once Cas was finished, Dean had him brew up a Cure for Boils. This time he chatted amiably with Cas, distracting him from his fear.
‘Just because you’ve got the emotional range of a teaspoon doesn’t mean we all have,’ Hermione said nastily, picking up her quill again.
They went outside just as a huge black car came purring up the driveway. It stopped short of the front steps and the passenger door opened.
Welcome back everyone! Thanks to Liesje2004, OtakuElf, Sam_the_Skald, VegasGranny and hhhellcat for the comments! See you again soon :)
Snape arrived on the very last day of the holidays, demanding to see Harry, and he came back up to his room to miserably inform them that he had to have extra lessons, in order to stop the visions he was having of Voldemort.
John was on his way to the library, dragging Dean with him and insisting that Dean do some homework. ‘You’ve got your O.W.Ls, Dean,’ he said.
‘Whatever it is, we’ll get to the bottom of it,’ Sam said soothingly. ‘Worrying about it now isn’t going to help anyone.’
‘It is no trouble, John,’ said Melly. She began bustling around, switching on the gas oven and washing out John’s bowl.
John's heart raced, and he pushed his mother even further into the shadows. He crawled closer to the one that had come into the kitchen, as quietly as possible in an attempt to catch them by surprise.
‘I’m not sure how much of a challenge Harry would have been anyway,’ said John. ‘You’re the best Chaser I’ve ever seen.’
Cas returned with a large bowl, and eventually everyone but Ron finished their homework, but no one wanted to go to bed until Harry came back.
John awoke the next morning and, though he had managed to get a relatively good night’s sleep, he sat up feeling nauseous. He was alone in the dormitory, so took his time getting dressed. He went down to breakfast, where Sam, Dean and Cas were eating.
John shook his head. ‘Nothing useful. I’ve seen the Dark Mark a lot, but whoever put Harry’s name in the Goblet knows how to block themself from me.’
She had picked up her wand from the table, and it emitted a loud squeak and turned into a large rubber mouse. ‘One of their fake wands again!’ she shouted. ‘How many times have I told them not to leave those lying around!’
‘When the delegates from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang arrive, they will be with us for the greater part of this year. I know that you will extend every courtesy to our foreign guests while they are with us, and will give your whole-hearted support to the Hogwarts champion when they are selected. And now, it is late, and I know how important it is to you all to be alert and rested as you enter your lessons tomorrow morning. Bedtime! Chop chop!’
‘Well, I… I don’ know why that’d be…’ said Hagrid, tugging nervously on his beard and again glancing towards the corner where the others were hiding. ‘Erm…’
‘Damn leg,’ Moody continued furiously. ‘Would have been here quicker… what’s happened? Snape said something about Crouch-’
Dean leaned down and muttered in her ear, ‘He was supposed to figure out how to get past the dragon on his own, too,’ and she grinned sheepishly.
‘They were wearing those masks,’ said John. ‘Those white ones, and they…’ He stopped himself from describing how they felt, but Madam Bones caught it anyway.
‘You’re my friend. I trust you, and besides, the whole school will know what happened to me by now. I don’t see any reason to keep hiding. And, Dean, you were right too. It
The class around them were whispering about what Neville had just done, but when Snape closed the door with an echoing bang, everyone immediately fell silent.
‘No, no, Mars is – is right there,’ John said. ‘It’s right there, and it’s – it’s very bright.’ He pinched the bridge of his nose and took a deep breath, trying to slow the spinning sensation that had accosted him. ‘Fine, I’ll change it.’ He tried to see what was causing the spinning, but could only see the night sky, in which Mars was shining particularly brightly. He ground his teeth, frustrated that he couldn’t see more.
‘The third task is a maze,’ he began. ‘That’s what they needed the Quidditch pitch for. It’s going to have obstacles and things, and the first one to the Cup wins.’
‘We were visiting Hagrid’s Nifflers, and then we heard Viktor yelling, so we came to look,’ Dean said.
'Yes, Harry,' Hermione said gently, 'but all the same, there's no point pretending that you're not good at Defence Against the Dark Arts, because you are. You were the only person last year who could throw off the Imperius Curse, you can produce a Patronus, you can do all sorts of stuff that full-grown wizards can't, Viktor always said-'
‘I really don’t think these lessons with Snape are working,’ Harry said, taking off his glasses to rub his eyes.
Dean thought about her anti-werewolf laws and the scars on his back itched. 'Okay. You don't have to tell anyone,' he relented.
‘Percy only just passed his test. Must’ve taken it at the same time as Gabriel,’ said George. ‘He’s been Apparating downstairs every morning since, just to prove he can.’
‘Breakfast!’ said Sirius loudly, jumping to his feet. ‘Where’s that accursed house-elf? Kreacher! KREACHER!’
‘That’s right,’ Sirius said encouragingly, ‘come on, let’s all… let’s all have a drink while we’re waiting.
‘Seems that way,’ Mr Weasley said, smiling wryly. ‘Let me introduce you to everyone. My son, Percy, he’s just started at the Ministry – and this is Fred, no, George, sorry –
Her hair was set in elaborate and rigid curls that contrasted with her heavy jaw. She wore jewelled spectacles and the fingers clutching her crocodile-skin handbag ended in two-inch nails painted crimson. As John was taking her in, he realised with a start that she shimmered slightly as he looked at her. Then she grabbed Harry and left the room with him.
‘Yeah, we thought Peeves seemed a bit hacked off about something,’ said Ron. ‘So what did he do in the kitchens?’
The building looked as if it used to be a large stone pigpen, but extra rooms had been added here and there, until it was several stories high and so crooked, the only way it could still be standing was if it was held up by magic. Five chimneys were perched on top of the red roof. A lopsided wooden sign stuck in the ground near the entrance read, THE BURROW.
Half an hour later, each of them had been given a complicated circular chart, and was attempting to fill in the position of the planets at the moment of their birth. John filled his in easily enough. Without the need to consult timetables or calculate any of the angles, he was finished fairly quickly.
‘The ones with any sense were keepin’ well outta Golgomath’s way, hidin’ out in caves roun’ the gully jus’ like we were. So we decided we’d go pokin’ around some o’ the caves by night an’ see if we couldn’ persuade a few o’ them.’
Then, to their surprise, Professor Moody announced that he would be putting the Imperius Curse on each of them in turn, to demonstrate its power and see whether or not they could resist its effects.
‘I’ve been seeing it for a while,’ John told them miserably, once Harry was finished. ‘But I couldn’t see who it was until earlier when we realised he was under an Invisibility Cloak.’
Stewart Ackerly took off the Hat and hurried into a seat at the Ravenclaw table, where everyone was applauding him. John caught a glimpse of Sherlock clapping lazily and fleetingly felt the urge to join the Ravenclaw table too.
Still unable to keep his mouth shut, Zacharias said, ‘What exactly makes Dean qualified anyway. Even if Harry’s done all this stuff, he hasn’t.’
Dean’s marks in all his lessons improved dramatically as soon as he started wearing his glasses. He could finally start focussing on the material he was reading, and even got a rare smile from Professor McGonagall. The only problem came when he was working in Defence Against the Dark Arts, and Umbridge came over to his desk.
‘Is it true,’ interrupted another Hufflepuff girl, looking at Harry, ‘that you can produce a Patronus?’
The barman froze in the act of wiping out a glass with a rag so dirty it looked as though it had never been washed. Possibly, he had never seen his pub so full.
‘Well, I’d better go. Wouldn’t want to miss the Ilvermorny boys,’ Jo said, flashing Dean a mischievous grin.
‘It’s her colour,’ Sherlock shrugged. ‘You must stop allowing her to affect you, things would be a lot clearer if you did.’
Dean had a bad feeling in the pit of his stomach. Cas would never miss Quidditch, so he made his way back out of the stands, thinking about where Cas might be. Madam Pomfrey would have shooed him out of the hospital wing, knowing how much he wanted to watch the match. Dean crawled under the Whomping Willow to check the Shrieking Shack, but it was empty. He sat on the wooden floor for a minute, thinking hard, and decided to check Hagrid’s cabin next. Hagrid hadn’t used it for months, but if Cas really needed it, he could get inside. Dean quietly unlocked the door, but it too was empty.
She turned away to look at Harry. ‘As I was saying, dear, you were clearly born under the baleful influence of Saturn,’ she said.
‘I’ve been watching the way you write. You were used to writing with those - those sticks that Muggles use, correct?’
Sam positively bounded up the stairs, followed by a grinning Dean. John and Sherlock were left downstairs with Mrs Weasley, while she set up a camp bed in the living room. She left them plenty of blankets and bid them goodnight, putting out the lights.
John got to his feet, though light-headed, and walked himself from the office. His head was hot, and he struggled to focus, but Sherlock held his hand the whole way back to Gryffindor Tower.
Sherlock, Dean, Sam, and Cas were all sitting at the far end of the Gryffindor table, all failing at concealing their own amusement.
They walked slowly back inside, but the Ball sounded as though it were beginning to wind down, so they decided to carry on past the Great Hall and up to Gryffindor Tower instead. They didn’t say much as they walked. Sherlock allowed John to cautiously explore the part of their minds that were connected, familiarising themselves with it. Sherlock had to admit, now that he had stopped closing John out, that things were a lot clearer for him now, too.
Sherlock bit his lip slightly, then opened his mouth. ‘I- I-’ but he cut himself off when they heard footsteps coming up the stairs.
Kingsley led them along the row, and into the cubicle at the very end, where many pictures of Sirius stared down at them.
generous contribution to St Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries, Arthur. He's here as my guest.'
‘Oh, yeah,’ Hagrid said brightly. ‘Glad yeh found the place all righ’! Well, as you can see - or, I dunno - can you? We’re doin’ Thestrals today -’
Dean put his arm in Cas's hand and watched in awe as he glowed again. The scrape on his arm healed completely, the bump on his head disappeared, and the throbbing in his hand faded away. 'That's amazing!' Dean exclaimed, examining his now smooth skin. 'You don't need a wand to heal?'
They knew the match was over when Gryffindors began to filter in and out of the common room. Cas got up and moved to the window, where he could watch the iron grey clouds outside.
‘No. Professor Umbridge went to the Minister, but fortunately for you, Professor McGonagall convinced him of the stress you’ve been under.’
‘It still isn’t working, you know,’ John said. ‘I can’t feel you. Maybe I’m doing it wrong. How do you do it?’
‘Hang on…’ the wizard said slowly, eyes darting from the silver badge on Harry’s chest up to his scar.
‘He should be here any moment,’ said Dumbledore. ‘Would you like to wait here and greet him, or would you prefer to step inside and warm up a trifle?’
‘Over here,’ Mr Weasley said gently, guiding them out of the steady stream of Ministry wizards and over to a desk situated below a sign saying
There was a deafening groan from the crowd; Krum's nose looked broken and there was blood everywhere. Mostafa did not blow his whistle, however, distracted as he was by the fire throwing Veela.
Several people screamed and Cas felt something white hot graze the side of his face. He spun around, but before he’d raised his wand again, another BANG, and a roar echoed through the Hall.
Castiel's touch seemed to have broken the spell that the Veela had on him, but now that he was looking, he realised he had never noticed how dazzlingly blue Cas's eyes were…
‘Alfie, come back here!’ another voice called. A red-haired girl of around fifteen ran over to them. ‘I’m so sorry, he gets really clingy sometimes-‘ She cut herself off and looked at them for a moment. ‘Castiel, is that you?’
The next morning, John and Sherlock hastily ate their breakfast and helped Melly put all their camping equipment by the front door.
‘So I’m hoping that I can ask you some questions, if you don’t mind? Since your powers are so strong, the side-effects are much more pronounced, so they’ll be easier to document.’
It was almost instantaneous. John was sucked into near darkness and took a moment to get his bearings. The fire was flickering and there was Bertha, hanging limply in the air. Wormtail swam into view, as did the grotesque, foetus-like Voldemort. His wand was raised and then came the screams.
Suddenly, Mr Weasley jumped to his feet, waving madly at the man coming towards them. ‘Ludo!’ he called. ‘Ludo, over here!’
‘Whatever you say, Dean,’ Sam sniggered, pulling out a box of matches. ‘Here, you try,’ he said, handing the matches to Mr Weasley.
Over the next few weeks, Harry spent most of his time worrying about Sirius, no matter how much John tried to reassure him that everything would be fine.
Hermione rolled her eyes and opened her mouth, but then the portrait hole opened and she took the Murtlap essence from Cas.
‘Mum found this stack of order forms when she was cleaning Fred and George’s room,’ Ron said quietly. ‘Price lists for stuff they’ve invented. Joke stuff, you know. Fake wands and trick sweets, loads of stuff. It was brilliant, I never knew they’d been inventing all that…’
They hurried up the spiral staircase behind the gargoyle, to Dumbledore’s polished oak door and brass knocker.
John took a deep breath, grounding himself in the present, and turned at the sound of clattering behind him.
Then was Bill. Surprisingly informal for someone who worked for the bank, he had a long ponytail, and a fang in one of his ears as an earring.
‘I have my reasons for using the boy, as I have already explained to you, and I will use no other. I have waited thirteen years. A few more months will make no difference. As for the protection surrounding the boy, I believe my plan will be effective. All that is needed is a little courage from you, Wormtail – courage you will find, unless you wish to feel the full extent of Lord Voldemort’s wrath- ‘
They walked along the corridor, through a set of double doors and found a rickety staircase lined with portraits of brutal-looking Healers. As they climbed it, the various Healers called out to them, diagnosing odd complaints and suggesting horrible remedies. Ron was seriously affronted when a medieval wizard called out that he clearly had a bad case of spattergroit.
He broke off, looking enquiringly at Professor Umbridge. As she was not much taller standing than sitting, there was a moment when nobody understood why Dumbledore had stopped talking, but then Professor Umbridge cleared her throat, '
‘Hey, I got an idea,’ Dean interrupted. ‘Let’s stop arguing about a damn house-elf and talk about what this Dark Mark thing is.’
It was quiet except for the rustling of leaves and the occasional, muffled explosion from the crates of Skrewts, so he closed his eyes, not thinking about anything in particular. Allowing himself to relax alone helped him clear his head, until he realised that now he had felt Sherlock once, he might not need to be touching him to do it again. He took his time, seeing no reason to rush, and thought about Sherlock. He let the memories, thoughts and feelings flow through him, without hanging on to any single one, until he noticed the real, present Sherlock, flickering in the corner of his eye. He waited, holding it in place, but not reaching for it, waiting for it to come to him.
Dean walked around the room, watching Cas out of the corner of his eye, until he came to Sam practising with the Creevey brothers.
It had snowed even more overnight, and they watched Hermione carve a path through the drifts to Hagrid’s cabin.
‘Ced’s talked about you, of course,’ said Mr Diggory. ‘Told us all about playing against you last year. I said to him, I said – Ced, that’ll be something to tell the grandkids, that will,
'Wrong!' cried Trelawney. 'Certainly not! I have been insulted, certainly… insinuations have been made against me… unfounded accusations levelled… but no, there is nothing wrong, certainly not!' She took a great, shuddering breath and looked away, angry tears spilling from under her glasses. 'I say nothing of sixteen years of devoted service… it has passed, apparently, unnoticed… but I shall not be insulted, no, I shall not!'
They had reached the very edge of the wood at the top of the field, where there was an empty space and three small signs that read, ‘Holmes’, ‘Weezly’, and ‘Winchester’.
Cornelius Fudge was standing beside Dumbledore’s desk, wearing his usual pinstriped cloak and holding his lime-green bowler hat.
‘We can all go and see him later. Bill’s sitting with him now; he’s going to take the morning off work.’
Dean started and threw his bag over his bag over his shoulder, going up to Professor McGonagall's desk.
‘It sings a different one every year,’ John told him, remembering that Harry had missed the last two Sorting Ceremonies.
Dean puffed out a breath, then grinned widely. ‘Wow, awesome.’ Dean took a step closer to Cas, but Cas stepped back again.
‘Yeah. I can’t really force it very far either way. Looking into the past is easier than the future. Sometimes it happens on its own, but when that happens, it’s really hard to tell what sort of time it is.’
‘Damn,’ Cas said softly, and they all turned to look at him. ‘I was hoping to get a real challenge against Harry.’
‘I don’t think so,’ said Sherlock. ‘I know Fred and George, and they’ll have done something loud and irritating to celebrate.’
‘Hey,’ Dean said, lowering his voice. ‘We’re having our first meeting tonight. Eight o’clock, seventh floor opposite that tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy being whacked by those trolls. Will you tell the other Ravenclaws on the list?’
He lay there, breathing heavily, heart racing, staring up at the dark canopy. Logically, he knew that Sam was completely fine, but he couldn’t seem to shake off the nightmare, so he pulled a mirror out from under his pillow and crept out of the dormitory, so he wouldn’t wake anyone else. Harry seemed to be having his own nightmare, and John’s bed was empty.
'I don't think you wanna be in there, either, man.' Dean resisted the urge to reach out and grab Cas. He'd never seen Cas this angry before. It was usually his fears that he lost control of, otherwise he was level-headed most of the time.
Molly dropped the shears, and they clanged loudly against the table. ‘Oh,’ Molly said, flustered. ‘I- yeah, okay, I’ll go with you.’
Lucius's lips curled as his eyes wandered over Hermione and John, but he didn't dare say anything in front of the Minister. Instead, the three of them continued on down the row.
The sound of thunderous footfalls reached them, and Hagrid came panting into sight with Fang at his heels. He was carrying his crossbow.
‘As you know, three champions compete in the Tournament, one each from participating schools. They will be marked on how well they perform each of the Tournament tests and the champion with the highest total after task three will win the Triwizard Cup. The champions will be chosen by an impartial selector… the Goblet of Fire.’
‘Well, I had a dream,’ said Harry. ‘A dream about Voldemort. He was torturing Wormtail. He got a letter from an owl. He said something like, Wormtail’s blunder had been repaired. He said someone was dead. Then he said, Wormtail wouldn’t be fed to the snake - there was a snake beside his chair. He said - he said he’d be feeding me to it, instead. Then he did the Cruciatus curse on Wormtail - and my scar hurt. It woke me up, it hurt so badly.’
‘Unbelievable. I can’t believe a teacher would actually make you participate in a lesson. McGonagall is just so unreasonable.’
At Dean's outburst, adrenaline rushed through Castiel's body until he was gasping for air, hands clutching the front of his robes so tightly his knuckles turned white. Then Sam's voice came through to him.
‘It’s enchanted,’ he said without being asked. ‘If you buckle it around a stack of book, it makes them weightless.’
am a faithful servant,’ said Wormtail, the merest trace of sullenness in his voice. ‘What of the Seer?’
When he was finished, they both went to recover their notes that allowed them out of the castle, first going to Madam Pomfrey for Cas’s, then Professor McGonagall for Dean’s.
John’s mother had decided that they should go to Diagon Alley together, just the two of them, so her full attention would be on him. He had been glad of this when all the magic and noise completely overwhelmed him. They’d worked together to figure out everything on John’s equipment list.
When John finally got to bed that night, his head was thick with fog and anything anyone said to him sounded garbled. Even lying down, he felt as though he were spinning. Only Sherlock’s cool fingers on his face made him feel better, and he kissed them as he fell asleep.
Dumbledore was in his usual seat, wearing deep purple robes scattered with silvery stars and a matching hat. His head was inclined towards the woman sitting next to him, who was talking in his ear. She had short, curly, mouse-brown hair, in which she had placed a horrible pink bow that matched the fluffy cardigan she was wearing over her robes. Then she turned her face, revealing pallid, toad like features, with a pair of prominent, pouchy eyes.
Dean woke early, so he could run downstairs and get Cas some breakfast. Cas was dressed when he returned, but he was limp against his pillows.
‘That is true,’ said Voldemort, sounding amused. ‘A stroke of brilliance I would not have thought possible of you, Wormtail – though, if truth be told, you were not aware how useful she would be when you caught her, were you?’
‘My dears, it is time for us to consider the stars,’ she said eventually. ‘The movements of the planets and the mysterious portents they reveal only to those who understand the steps of the celestial dance. Human destiny may be deciphered by the planetary rays.’
John sat up straighter, but still leaning against Sherlock, and squinted at the crystal ball. Neither of them spoke, but Sherlock stared at John intently, jaw clenched and eyebrow twitching. John bit his lip, holding the ball close to his face until his hands started shaking too hard for him to keep his grip on it. Sherlock took it from him and put it back into its velvet bag, and John slumped against him, eyes closed, shaking his head.
‘Neville-’ John stopped, pain blooming in his chest when he saw Neville. The same vision of a couple and the four shadowy figures floated past him. He shoved it away as hard as he could, but not enough to stop the terrible spasms. He was crying when it went away, and all the other boys but Neville were pointedly not looking at him, and talking quietly to each other.
Dean carried the success of the DA around like a warm glow in his chest over the next two weeks. He spent a portion of each meeting with Cas, coaching him on the offensive spells and helping him overcome his fears, just as he had with Cas’s potion making. Cas mastered the Impediment Jinx, and Dean was stuck in one spot for ten minutes, though Cas struggled with the Reductor Curse, refusing to cast it after his first attempt demolished half of the room. On the whole, though, Dean caught more smiles and lingering gazes from Cas as he wandered around the room, checking on everyone else.
‘Very well, well,’ said Fudge, his voice distorted by barely suppressed rage. ‘Cleared of all charges.’
‘Have it your own way, Potter,’ said Malfoy. ‘If you think they can’t spot a Mudblood, stay where you are.’
Lavender jumped and blushed. She had been showing Parvati her completed horoscope under the desk, which Moody’s magical eye could apparently see through.
John drank from the goblet that Sherlock pushed into his hands, and Sherlock helped him wipe away the rest of the blood on his face, while Dumbledore explained what a Pensieve was for. His brain felt as though it were rattling around inside his skull.
He found himself unable to drift off to sleep, but just lying there with Sherlock’s arms around him slowly drove away the fatigue and nausea, until John felt well enough to sit up for another cup of tea.
‘Whatever. Anyway, we’d better go. Get some food into this one,’ she said, nudging Alfie with her toe. ‘It’s so great to see you, Castiel.’ She hugged him again. ‘Keep in touch this time, okay? We miss you.’
The bell echoed across the wet grounds and the class separated: The Hufflepuffs up to Transfiguration and the Gryffindors over to Hagrid’s for Care of Magical Creatures.
Dean got himself as comfortable as he could sitting next to Cas. It was cold, especially without his cloak, but he knew he should keep Cas company. He didn’t say anything at all, and neither did Cas. They could hear the crowd cheering at the Quidditch pitch in the distance.
‘Okay, not to worry, I have a very good eye. Leave it to me,’ she smiled. She turned to the rack and started muttering to herself. She considered a set of black ones, but then put them back in favour of a deep, rich red set. ‘This could do the trick,’ she said. ‘Why don’t you boys go and put them on and we’ll see what alterations we need.’
Dean watched her go. ‘That’s awesome,’ he said, then the Gryffindor team got up from the table. ‘Good luck, Ronald!’ he called after Ron, who gave him a dirty look.
When John awoke the next morning, his headache was nothing more than a lingering irritation. He cracked his eyes open and was confronted by the wide, ugly face of Trevor the toad. He groaned and sat up. ‘Neville, I found Trevor,’ he said groggily.
‘Any time, Harry Potter, sir,’ said Dobby, looking delighted at Harry’s enthusiasm. ‘We could go now, if you like!’
‘Yeah, true.’ Then he felt something similar to his feet hitting the ground, and the spinning abruptly stopped. ‘Okay, I think that’s it now. Pass me some hot chocolate?’
Cas swallowed another phial of potion on their way up the stairs, and collapsed heavily onto his bed as soon as they reached it.
John groaned again, clapped a hand over his mouth and fled from the room, leaving Dean to flip absently through the book alone.
The boy rolled his eyes and brought some of the bags over to John and Sherlock. ‘Hey, I’m Sam,’ he said, smiling at them.
Dean stroked Cas’s cheek. ‘Okay, there's an empty classroom through that hidden passageway just down there. Get him in there, I’ll take care of this.’ Dean strode into the classroom, and stared down Umbridge.
It was cold in the stands, but Dean made himself comfortable enough by conjuring a small fire in a jar at his feet. He watched the pitch for a while as the Ravenclaw team shot out from the changing rooms. They all looked around in concern; Cas was missing.
John slid down in his seat next to Cas, turning a slight shade of green. Judging by his and Sherlock’s expressions, he must have been seeing Voldemort’s return again.
Dean blinked a few times. ‘How old are the books you’ve been reading?’ he said defensively. ‘That was changed decades ago.’
Hermione shrugged. ‘Now that Gryffindor have lost their best players, there’s nothing stopping Cas from steamrollering the other teams and winning the cup.’
Dean closed his eyes, and a pulse of power sent him flying backwards. He waited until the blazing light searing through his eyelids dissipated before opening them again, and he scrambled back to Cas.
'I'm sure I can manage that,' Cas said, though looking slightly surprised that Dean noticed what he did and didn't eat.
John nodded, closing his eyes. It was easy for him now. As soon as he reached for it, the vision of the dark corridor came to him. Pitch black as always, John found himself watching Nagini slither across the floor. He shivered involuntarily, but forced himself to look at the door she was sliding towards, rather than watching her as he usually did. Now that he knew what he was looking for, he searched for a disturbance in the air, a cloud like the one that concealed Barty Crouch Jr at the World Cup. He went closer to the door, and the edges of the cloud shifted in the dark. ‘I see it,’ he muttered.
It was nice to relax and just watch the Nifflers diving in and out of the mound of earth. Ron’s Niffler seemed to be the most efficient, running back and forth, and spitting gold coins out into his lap.
‘Sherlock, I’m going to be having these visions for the rest of my life. You have to sleep sometime, now go to bed.’
‘Ignore him, he’s just being grouchy,’ said John. ‘He pretends that he doesn’t need to sleep, then he stays awake for way too long and gets like this.’
Hagrid stared at her, clearly at a loss to understand why she was acting as though he did not understand normal English. Dean was shaking with anger by now.
John waved a hand. ‘I really like him. I also like teasing him, because he can hear me, and it’s funny.’
Sherlock just rested his head beside John, not daring to go to sleep while his mind was still being pulled in so many different directions.
‘The Sorting Hat did consider putting me in Ravenclaw, but it decided on Gryffindor in the end. So, does that mean we’re using the Galleons?’
'Ah, sir,' said Winky, shaking her head. 'Ah, sir, meaning no disrespect, sir, but I is not sure you is doing Dobby a favour, sir, when you is setting him free.'
'Okay, great. Will you do it with me? Let's just give it a try, okay? I'll count, come on… Deep breath, in-two-three-four, hold-two-three-four, out-two-three-four…'
John went limp, gasping for breath with tears streaming down his face, still clutching his chest. ‘He’s alive,’ he said breathlessly.
But then the flames inside the Goblet turned suddenly red, and John shuddered violently as a tongue of flame shot into the air. A charred piece of parchment fluttered out of it, which Dumbledore caught. The flames turned back to blue-white.
‘I’m sure he wasn’t in Privet Drive,’ said Harry. ‘But I was dreaming about him… him and Peter – you know, Wormtail. I can’t remember all of it now, but they were plotting to kill… someone.’
‘That woman’s got it in for the Ministry!’ said Percy furiously. ‘Last week she was saying we’re wasting our time quibbling about cauldron thickness, when we should be stamping out vampires. As if it wasn’t
Ollivander stood and stared at him for a while, head tilted. ‘Perhaps… But no… but maybe…’ He disappeared and they heard him rummaging around right at the back of the shop. When he came back, his brow was furrowed and he was holding a dusty old box, with the fabric peeling at the corners. He picked up the wand inside and held it for a moment. ‘Silver lime,’ he muttered. ‘It’s been a very long time since I sold one of these.’
father told me about it ages ago… He heard it from Cornelius Fudge. But then, Father’s always associated with the top people at the Ministry-‘ He was cut off by a glowing that caught his eye.
'Hermione, what's the password?' Dean said hurriedly, hopping from one foot to the other, staring up at the staff table.
‘The Tournament will be officially opened at the end of this feast,’ said Dumbledore. ‘I now invite you all to eat, drink, and make yourself at home!’ Then he sat down.
John insisted that Sherlock wear one of the dancing Shamrock hat, and he could not have looked less impressed.
John watched one of the Bludgers go. He remembered that Harry had once said he would make a good Beater, and smiled as he briefly entertained the idea.
Dean stopped and sighed. ‘I dont know, it’s just hard, I guess. I never really feel like I belong here, you know?’
Cas pulled Dean aside at the end of the lesson, looking nervously at his feet. ‘I wondered if - if you could study on your own after classes today,’ he said quietly. ‘I think I should perhaps get some rest.’
Just then, a laugh rang out behind them, and they turned to see Fred, George and Lee Jordan hurrying down the staircase, looking extremely excited.
Dean too went to bed, along with everyone but Harry, who stayed behind to clear up the bowl he'd smashed. He drew his curtains about his bed, and hoped that he wouldn't disturb the others with the nightmares that were sure to come that night.
'No, I can't. No one can know.' Cas wrapped his arms around himself. 'If Umbridge finds out, I don't know what she would do to me.'
‘Arthur, you know Mad-Eye Someone creeping into his yard in the dead of night? More likely there’s a very shellshocked cat wandering around somewhere, covered in potato peelings. But if the Improper Use of Magic lot get their hands on Mad-Eye, he’s had it – think of his record – we’ve got to get him off on a minor charge, something in your department – what are exploding dustbins worth?’
‘Let’s assume that you’ll be able to walk by morning, there’s still no way you can carry your bag, so I’ll come with you and help you with your books.’
The barman sidled towards them out of the back room. He was a grumpy-looking old man with a great deal of long grey hair and beard. He looked vaguely familiar.
Dean knew exactly what had happened and he could feel the static from Cas’s Shield Charm pushing him away. He waited until conversation resumed and Malfoy stomped away, seemingly no worse for wear.
Dean looked again at the window. ‘Oh!’ he said. It was snowing. His legs suddenly turned to jelly, and he felt as though he were walking in slow motion when he approached Cas. ‘Hey, take a walk with me?’
Dean grinned. Once the Ball was over, he was sure he could convince Cas to come out into the snow. ‘Yeah, he seems like he would like snow.’
‘Don’t worry about me, I’m not going anywhere like this. Madam Pomfrey will take care of me, and I just want - I just want some time alone. Is that all right?’
Mr Weasley made them all plates of food and John emerged from the tent, stretching, and hair stuck up on one side. ‘Oh, good, sausage and eggs, my favourite,’ he said, grabbing a plate.
They separated in the Entrance Hall, Sherlock leaving for Herbology, and the rest of them descending into the dungeons for Potions.
The Saturday before the First Task, they all met up in the Entrance Hall. Sherlock and Castiel were the first to arrive.
John sighed, disappointed. ‘So, you’re saying that I won’t be able to see whatever Voldemort doesn’t want me to see?’
I can’t,’ John finally forced out hoarsely. ‘Everyone’s looking at me.’ He shuddered as another piece of parchment shot out.
The door opened. Six Dementors entered this time, flanking a group of four people. They were each placed in one of the four chained chairs that now stood on the dungeon floor.
'See here, Dumbledore,' said Fudge, 'You-you can't seriously believe that. You-Know-Who - back? Come now, come now… certainly, Crouch may have
Mycroft pinched the bridge of his nose. ‘Now, the Wizengamot will be aware of the Death Eater incursion of the Quidditch World Cup only a year ago.’
But Mrs Weasley only smiled and waved. Before the train rounded the corner, the three of them had Disapparated.
‘Oh, Cas,’ Dean whispered, not bothering to stop his own tears. ‘It’s okay.’ For a while, Dean just watched Cas try and control himself, comforting him as best he could, shushing him gently. ‘He’s been the one doing this the whole time?’ Dean asked eventually.
She nodded, then set to work adjusting the fabric, pulling it in in places, trimming bits off in others. Once she had finished, she let him get dressed and he met Sherlock at the counter.
Then one morning, Dean went down the breakfast, and there was Castiel, a stack of books next to him at the table, a goblet of pumpkin juice, and a bowl of half-eaten, cold porridge.
‘I shouldn’t think so, Ludo. If the boy can’t even see how Potter’s name got into the Goblet, I doubt he will cause much of an issue,’ Mr Crouch said scornfully.
He had to stoop a lot more than he had before, but as he struggled through the passage, he saw a bright white light emanating from the end of it. It was so bright his eyes watered, and by the time he reached the opening, he had to close his eyes.
‘He does?’ Dean asked, throwing one at Harry, whose sharp Quidditch reflexes allowed him to duck just in time.
Soon, other people made their way over to the dance floor. John bit his lip, looking at Sherlock. He took a deep breath and opened his mouth, but lost his resolve, instead saying, 'Molly, do you want to dance?’
Bagman looked shocked. ‘Glad! I don’t know when I’ve had more fun! Still, it’s not as though we haven’t got anything to look forward to, eh, Barty? Eh? Plenty left to organise, eh?’
‘Oh no, this is too trivial for Aurors, it’ll be the ordinary Magical Law Enforcement Patrol - ah, this is Perkins.’
‘Percy’s enjoying work, then?’ said Harry, watching the Chudley Cannons flying in and out of their posters.
Castiel watched, unable to tear himself away, becoming more and more distressed with every bounce, until someone covered his eyes.
'He's a house-elf that used to work for the Malfoys,' Cas whispered back. 'He tried to warn Harry about the Chamber of Secrets, and Harry tricked Lucius Malfoy into freeing him.'
Cas picked one up and nibbled on the end of it. The company seemed to have cheered him up, so Dean sat quietly while they talked.
Then it became transparent, and they both bent closer to see the shapes that had appeared below the surface of the mysterious substance. It appeared to be an enormous room, and they were looking down at it through a circular window in the ceiling.
Sherlock watched him go, then switched his attention to the Goblet of Fire. Harry, Ron, Hermione and Dean were off to the side of the room, talking together.
John leaned back in his chair and was surprised when he saw the stars filling the ceiling, similarly to the charm showing the sky in the Great Hall. The stars were moving ever so slightly, but when he looked around at everyone else, he realised he was the only one seeing it.
‘If you’ve come to hear exactly what it looks like when Voldemort murders someone, I can’t help you,’ Harry said, his temper rising. ‘I don’t want to talk about Cedric Diggory, all right?’
A boy walked forward, visibly trembling from head to foot, picked up the Sorting Hat, put it on and sat on the stool.
Dean sighed. ‘I know what it’s like to think it’s your fault, believe me, but come on, Cas, you were what, five?’
Professor Umbridge was standing in front of the marble staircase, arms folded, smiling sweetly at them ‘Ah, there you are, Mr Edlund. I missed you in my class this morning.’
Cas blinked. ‘All right,’ he said, finally uncurling his legs and walking out of the portrait hole with Dean.
John took a deep breath to steady himself, Sherlock before him, and Mycroft standing in the doorway. He looked around and gasped. ‘Mum!’ he shouted, scrambling back into the kitchen. ‘Mum!’
Sherlock shook his head bitterly. ‘Because whatever he did affected my memory. I forget things, I’m slower than I was… I’m supposed to be there for you, to help you with your visions, but… My mind is all I have, John, I’m useless without it.’
Before anyone could move, Malfoy suddenly went flying across the room, and the Great Hall fell silent, looking around to see who had cast the spell, but no one had their wands drawn.
‘Potter and Watson have another hour of Potions to complete,’ Snape said coldly. ‘They will come upstairs when this class is finished.’
Dean squeezed Cas’s hand even tighter. ‘Please tell me,’ Dean said, welling up. ‘I can help you, please just tell me.’
The walls were lined with wooden bookcases and instead of chairs, there were large silk cushions on the floor. A set of shelves on the far end of the room carried a range of instruments such as Sneakoscopes, Secrecy Sensors, and a large, cracked Foe-Glass.
‘It seems like it’s decided for me,’ said John, taking the toad in his hands. It made no move to escape.
‘This is so cool!’ said Sam, when he came in with Colin and Dennis Creevey, then gave Dean a thumbs up before sitting on one of the cushions.
John jumped, having not noticed that Mr Ollivander had come over and stood beside him. ‘Hello, Mr Ollivander,’ he smiled. ‘How are you getting on?’
‘Fizzing Whizzbee,’ Sherlock said to the gargoyle that guarded the entrance. It leapt aside and allowed them up the stairs, where Sherlock hammered on the door.
'Sherlock didn't seem too happy about it,' Sam grimaced. 'I'd better go see if they're okay. See you later.'
The lesson ended and John gave Molly a quick hug. ‘Thanks,’ he said to her, then left for Care of Magical Creatures, where Hagrid tried to get them to take a Skrewt for a walk. John was one of the few that attempted it, until the Skrewt he was walking blasted off and he was yanked several feet through the air, as well as attaining some mild burns to his hands. By the time the day was over, he was thoroughly fed up. He trailed up to the castle behind the rest of the Gryffindors, and was stopped by Sherlock in the Entrance Hall.
A sound like someone staggering towards their clearing caused all of them to quickly look around, and Castiel to back away from the edge of the trees. They waited, stock still, listening to the sounds of uneven footsteps, which suddenly came to a halt.
‘Bagman wanted to tell us what’s happening at Hogwarts,’ Ron said grumpily. ‘At the World Cup, remember? But my own mother won’t say… John, you don’t think you could...?’
There was an appreciative laugh and an outbreak of applause as Dumbledore sat down neatly and threw his long beard over his shoulder so as to keep it out of his plate.
Well, there certainly will be rumours now she’s printed that.’ He heaved a great sigh. ‘Molly, I’m going to have to go into the office, this is going to take some smoothing over.’
‘Usually the texture of the cover, the inlay used for the title and the amount of gathered dust tells me all I need to know.’
Sorry for the long wait, it's been super busy at work, and as I've said before, this story has notes and timelines and things that I really need to focus on, so it's harder to jump between it and work. If you're still here, thanks for sticking around and I'll see you again soon!
‘Oh, thank goodness, thank goodness!’ Mrs Weasley, who had evidently been waiting for them in the front yard, came running towards them, a screwed up copy of
The wizard in baggy trousers accompanied them towards the gate to the campsite. He looked exhausted with deep, purple shadows under his eyes. Once out of earshot of Mr Roberts, he muttered to Mr Weasley, ‘Been having a lot of trouble with him. Needs a Memory Charm ten times a day to keep him happy. And Ludo Bagman’s not helping. Trotting around talking about Bludgers and Quaffles at the top of his voice, not a worry about anti-Muggle security. Blimey, I’ll be glad when this is all over. See you later, Arthur.’ He Disapparated.
For the next couple of days, all the members of the DA and the fifth year Ravenclaws took to carrying phials of potion around with them just for Cas, until Madam Pomfrey finally discharged him on Friday evening. The bleeding had stopped, and though Cas was covered in thick scabs and still sensitive, he’d been given permission to fly, so he immediately dragged Dean down to the Quidditch pitch.
Sam sighed. He grabbed the letter that Dean had crumpled up and put it in his pocket. 'This letter says that Dad has to stay on the road for a while. There's been a resurgence of Demons…' Sam trailed off.
They wandered down to breakfast, stretching and yawning. Food had only just begun to appear, making the tables look bare.
When they entered the candlelit Great Hall it was almost full. The Goblet of Fire had been moved; it was now sitting on the top table in front of Dumbledore’s empty seat.
‘You won’t get in trouble, don’t worry,’ Dean reassured. ‘It’s okay to do things you like, just for fun sometimes, you know?’
John leaned back in his chair, no longer hungry himself, but happy to listen to the buzz of conversation around him.
‘Because you’re not of age and you haven’t had your test,’ Mrs Weasley snapped. ‘And where have those girls got to?’ She bustled out of the room and up they heard her climbing the stairs.
‘I need to find a place where thirty-four people can practise Defence Against the Dark Arts without being found out by a teacher. Especially Professor Umbridge.’
‘Right,’ John mumbled. The image shifted. The shadow of wings appeared behind Castiel, then suddenly, all John could see was his piercing blue eyes. Everything turned white and he collapsed.
‘Listen, you dad’s been hurt while on duty for the Order and the circumstances are fishy enough without his children knowing about it seconds after it happened, you could seriously damage the Order’s-’ Sirius began.
John all of a sudden felt quite dizzy. He swayed and his vision flickered. ‘No, not now,’ he muttered, tightly clutching the table in an attempt to keep himself focused on the Great Hall.
‘He won’t come out of his dorm,’ Gabriel said in response to Dean’s questioning, after pelting Ron directly in the head with a snowball. ‘It’s a shame. He loves to throw snowballs.’
Just then, the door to the hospital wing opened, and in came Dumbledore, Harry, and Sirius in his dog form.
They set of across the deserted moor, unable to make out much through the mist. After about twenty minutes, a small, stone cottage swam into view. Beyond it, they could just make out the ghostly shapes of hundreds and hundreds of tents, rising up the gentle slope of a large field towards a dark wood on the horizon. They said goodbye to the Diggorys, and approached the cottage door.
'Ah, well, that figures,' said Sirius. 'Our information from inside the Ministry is that Fudge doesn't want you trained in combat.'
Hermione suddenly looked horrorstruck, glancing at Harry, Dean and Castiel, who were all wearing similar grim expressions.
Dean touched a hand to the back of his head and felt a wetness, where his head had connected with the wooden bookcase.
Welcome back everyone! thanks to hhhelcat and VashtaNerada for the comments, they really brighten up my day :) It's been four years since I started this series, how crazy is that! See you all next time!
'Looks like you're taking care of everyone tonight,' said Gabriel, looking around at all the occupied beds, and chairs.
‘You’re not the first one who’s had trouble with money. I had two try and pay me with great gold coins the size of hubcaps earlier.’
Welcome back everyone! Thanks to Liesje2004, OtakuElf, VegasGranny, hhhellcat, Sam_the_Skald and Novak26 for the comments!
‘I can’t. The Ministry restricted their lands again, so it’s dangerous for people to be around them right now.’
Neville seemed to understand what had just happened, and he aggressively shook his head, looking more than a little ill. He crossed the room back to his own bed and drew the curtains.
‘He said that the tournament is about the champions using all resources available to them, besides asking a teacher, so I suppose you count as a resource.’
They followed wordlessly as Magorian led them to the Starflame, where Elder Oseus was waiting for them.
Welcome back everyone! Thanks to Sam_the_Skald, VegasGranny, OtakuElf, Liesje2004 and hhhellcat for the comments! See you again soon :)
Mycroft sighed again. ‘Yes, of course, Madam Undersecretary, but I highly doubt that this is not something Madam Bones could have handled herself. We all trust her judgement, do we not?’
John, who had been leaning against the back of the sofa, grunted as though he had been kicked, and his fists curled up. ‘I’m fine,’ he forced out. ‘Carry on.’
The silvery light that had caught Harry’s eye was coming from the basin’s contents. They couldn’t tell whether the substance was liquid or gas. It was a bright, whitish silver, and it was moving ceaselessly; the surface of it became ruffled like water beneath wind, and then, like clouds, separated and swirled smoothly. It looked like light made liquid - or like wind made solid.
‘There could be a way around it. I’m not certain, but if there is one, I have no doubt that the two of you will be able to find it.’
‘When you’ve put your eyes back in,’ Hermione said briskly, ‘you’ll see who’s just arrived.’ She pointed up at the staff table.
'Now that is one perfect Cure for Boils,' Dean grinned, bottling some of it up. 'That's going right to Madam Pomfrey.'
'You've done everything you can for John tonight,' Cas said gently. 'Now everyone needs a good night's rest, including you.'
John settled himself at one with Molly, and they were joined by Dean and Katie. He stared around, looking up at the mistletoe, when he heard a small gasp from Molly, then someone sit at their table.
'Thank you very much, Professor Umbridge, that was most illuminating,' he said, giving her a small bow. 'Now, as I was saying, Quidditch tryouts will be held at the end of the month, so please notify your captains of your interest if you wish to participate. But now, it is time for bed, off you all pop!'
There had been no major incident so far, and he was starting to feel almost normal, until Castiel returned to the castle.
‘Excellent,’ said Mycroft. ‘I trust we won’t be forced through this mockery again, Minister? Very good.’ Mycroft turned on his heel, closely followed by John, who was more than happy to leave the chains behind, and swept from the dungeon.
John’s heart hammered in his chest, but it wasn’t the verdict he was worried about. His vision flickered violently pink and back again, and he was worried he might pass out in front of the whole court.
‘It’s one of my favourite books,’ Dean told him. ‘My mom used to read it to me. I brought it with me, ‘cause you’re helping me read, but I haven’t tried it yet. Can I read it to you?’
John squinted at the houses around. From what he could see, they didn’t look very welcoming. The paint on most of the doors was peeling, and there was litter strewn over the pavements
‘Because they hoodwinked a very powerful magical object!’ said Moody. ‘It would have needed an exceptionally strong Confundus Charm to bamboozle that Goblet into forgetting that only three schools compete in the Tournament… I’m guessing they submitted Potter’s name under a fourth school, to make sure he was the only one in his category…’
Mr Weasley shouted again. ‘That sort of behaviour seriously undermines wizard-Muggle relations! I spend half my life campaigning against the mistreatment of Muggles, and my own sons-‘
that the founders thought boys were less trustworthy than girls. Anyway, why were you trying to get in there?’
‘I’m fine, by the way,’ John said grumpily, extricating himself from Dean’s grip. He too had turned slightly grey.
‘You know how it is,’ said Dean. ‘Not quite as exciting as slogging around the country for months on end, but we got a nice place and Sam likes it, so it’s not so bad.’
Inside were about fifty badges, all of different colours, but all bearing the same letters: S.P.E.W.
‘He’s not here,’ said Mrs Weasley angrily. ‘This is a hospital wing, Minister, don’t you think you’d do better to-’
‘But it was still sealed and everything,’ said Harry. ‘And no one would understand what it meant if they didn’t know where we’d spoken to him before, would they?’
Dean put a hand on John's shoulder, not finding it terribly difficult to think about Castiel, and John fixed his tired eyes on the fog within the crystal. Dean watched as the blood drained from his face and he grabbed Sherlock’s arm.
Two of the elder Weasleys stood up and introduced themselves. First was Charlie. Freckly, weather-beaten, and just as red-haired as the rest of his family. He shook everyone’s hand and the large, shiny burn on his upper arm indicated his work as a dragon tamer.
A huddle of teenagers in their pyjamas were arguing a little way along the path. When they saw Hermione and the boys, a girl with thick, curly hair turned and said quickly, ‘O
‘Very well, very well,’ Snape snapped. ‘Leave your things here, I want you both back down here to test your antidotes.’
‘That doesn’t count,’ Dean puffed, also arriving on level ground. ‘You know I hate being up early, and besides, I’m carrying more weight. I got the tent’
‘Of course I have. These powers don’t come without a price,’ John said, descending back into his bad mood.
'That's the thing about being the son of an Auror,' said Dean. 'You never feel safe. Not really.' Dean cleared his throat and shook himself out of it. 'How are you so calm anyway? No offense, but I thought you'd be the first to panic.'
The sun dimmed and John crawled under the covers. His mother came in and put a plate of sandwiches on his bedside table, but he didn’t have much of an appetite.
Dean waited until Cas had disappeared behind the painting and wandered back to Gryffindor Tower, whistling with a spring in his step.
‘Time to go upstairs, I think,’ Sherlock said. ‘Though, a visit to Madam Pomfrey first might not be remiss.’
‘Right.’ Dean stared at him for a moment, then grinned. ‘Come meet my brother, he’s just in the kitchen.’ Dean led him through the door, leaving John and Sherlock outside.
Dean groaned and stomped from the Hall. He knew he wouldn't get any further that night, so he climbed the marble staircase. He briefly thought of Professor Umbridge and grimaced. If her teaching in any way involved her awful views on werewolves, centaurs, and other creatures, then they would be in trouble. His scars prickled uncomfortably.
The pub reappeared but he was still burning up and he couldn't force his lungs to take in enough air.
‘She’s going with Neville,’ John said from the other side of the room. He was curled up in a chair under the window, looking miserable.
At that moment, both John and Frank noticed a flickering light in one of the top windows of the large manor house outside. Frank began muttering angrily and limped up the stairs as fast as he could to get dressed. John waited for him in the kitchen, staring at the flickering light with a sense of unease.
‘Oh, stood over there, did they?’ said Mr Crouch, turning his popping eyes on Hermione. ‘Said an incantation, did they? You seem very well informed about how the Mark is summoned, missy.’
Once all the food had been consumed, Dumbledore stood, and asked everyone to do the same. When they did, he waved his wand, and all the tables zoomed out to the edges of the room, leaving the floor clear. He then conjured a stage, with accompanying instruments, and the Weird Sisters trooped out onto it, their clothes artfully ripped. They picked up their instruments and struck up a slow, mournful tune.
Umbridge wheeled around and strode the length of the cabin, looking around carefully. She bent and peered under the bed. She opened Hagrid’s cupboards and passed within inches of Harry, Ron and Hermione. After looking carefully inside the enormous cauldron Hagrid used for cooking, she wheeled around again and said, ‘What has happened to you? How did you sustain such injuries?’
‘But what were Voldemort’s – sorry – You-Know-Who’s supporters up to, levitating Muggles?’ said Harry. ‘What’s the point?’
John leaned over to kiss Sherlock’s cheek, and climbed out of bed, taking his time to get dressed. He quietly made his way to the kitchen, where he found Mr and Mrs Weasley, Sirius, Lupin and Tonks already sitting around the table.
He did the same with Cedric, Krum and Harry’s wands and didn’t seem to find an issue with any of them.
Cas nodded and grabbed Dean’s arm, hugging it as tightly as he could without pressing it against his wounds.
John rubbed his eyes, trying to clear his head. ‘Yeah, am I doing something wrong? I tried to use my power tonight, and up until now I thought I was getting better at it, but then nothing happened. Nothing at all.’
Dumbledore then marched over to another portrait, this time of a clever-looking wizard with a pointed beard, who had been painted wearing the Slytherin colours of green and silver and was apparently so deeply asleep that he could not hear Dumbledore’s voice.
‘Do not lie, sir!’ Crouch shouted, wand pointed at Sherlock. ‘You have been discovered at the scene of the crime!’
‘This dog will be staying with Harry,’ Dumbledore said simply. ‘I assure you, he is very well trained.’
John dropped his gaze to the chair in the centre of the room, the arms of which were covered in chains. He’d seen those very same chains spring to life and bind whoever sat in the chair. Even now, he saw a figure sitting in it, flashing between all the people he’d seen sit there before. He stared at it, frozen to the spot, until he felt Mycroft’s hand on his shoulder and the figure disappeared.
They began to make a lap around the lake. Sherlock eventually did launch into a list of the lake species’ and their magical properties. He seemed quite happy to talk about that, so John listened in silence, not really taking in much, until they were almost back to where they had started.
As if they'd been listening, the band started playing another slow song, so John squared his shoulders, took a breath, and started across the room.
Sorry guys, but this one's on the backburner for now. It's more work than my other stories and I have less time to write it in now, but don't worry, I am still working on it, it'll just take me a bit longer now :) See you again next time.
There was another cold surge, and Sherlock suddenly realised what it was. He glanced at John, who nodded slightly.
‘Oh! There was a plaque above the front door. It was dark so I couldn’t be sure, but it might have said “Riddle”.’
Dean had guessed correctly, but missed the whole thing, chasing Cas out into the newly-grown rose garden outside. The bushes had been illuminated with live fairies, and he could hear people all around, but couldn’t see Cas anywhere. He wandered around, past Hagrid and Madame Maxime, until he came to a shadowy alcove, and found Cas sitting on the bench there, hugging himself. He sighed and sat down next to Cas.
Just then, there was another knock at the door and Professor McGonagall burst in wearing her tartan dressing gown, accompanied by an extremely ill-looking Harry, and an anxious Ron.
‘To Grubbly-Plank,’ said Harry. ‘And I met McGonagall… she said communications in and out of the castle are being watched.’
Sherlock and John guided him outside. He took some deep shuddering breaths, leaning up against the house. ‘Thank you,’ he said breathlessly.
But at that moment, there was a deafening rumble of thunder, and the doors of the Great Hall banged open.
Neville nodded nervously. Moody then reached into his jar for another spider, which he placed on the desk.
‘Let’s get those and a plain one of each as well, in case we change our minds,’ said Sherlock, picking up four boxes.
Also, I realise that this is like the third or fourth John going off on his own tangent but I really enjoy writing him so idk, I hope you like it.
They made their way to the edge of the Forest, where John always felt stronger, as well as for shelter from the biting wind.
Slowly, a ship rose out of the water, gleaming in the moonlight, and glided towards the bank. A few moments later, they heard the splash of the anchor being thrown out, and the thud of a plank on the bank.
Despite Dean’s best efforts, he could not convince Cas to attend the Ball in the days leading up to Christmas, nor could Cas convince any of the others to do their homework.
The shamrock dissipated and the leprechauns flew down and sat cross-legged on their side of the pitch to watch the match.
The two of them wrote their names on scraps of parchment, and made their way down to the Entrance Hall. It was the early hours of the morning, and they were the only two around. They both hesitated at the edge of the Age Line, then Cedric stepped over it.
The Ravenclaws were all waiting in the classroom, arguing with each other. Cas had been laid on a few desks pushed together.
The words were no sooner out of his mouth than the doors of the Great Hall opened again, and silence fell. Professor McGonagall lead a long line of first-years up to the top of the hall, so wet they appeared to have swum across the lake rather than sailed it. All of them were shivering with a combination of cold and nerves as they filed along the staff table and came to a halt in a line facing the rest of the school- all of them but the smallest of the lot, a boy with mousey hair, who was wrapped in Hagrid’s moleskin overcoat. His small face protruded from over the collar, looking painfully excited. When he had lined up with his terrified-looking peers, he caught Colin Creevey’s eye, gave a double thumbs up and mouthed, ‘I fell in the lake!’ He looked positively delighted about it.
The rest of them sat in silence. Sirius suggested, without any real conviction, that they all go to bed, but the Weasleys’ looks of disgust were answer enough.
‘Well here, let me take a look at it.’ He reached out and touched the hem of Cas’s shirt, but he jerked away.
‘Yeah, and that’s not a stupid name at all,’ Ron said. ‘Ginny named him,’ he explained. ‘She reckons it’s sweet. I tried to change it, but it’s too late, he won’t answer to anything else. So now he’s Pig. I’ve got to keep him up here because he annoys Errol and Hermes. He annoys me, too, come to think of it.’
‘Oh no, I’m not allowed. Good luck!’ He and John both slumped against the wall, watching Harry turn the iron handle, and step inside the courtroom.
‘Dad went on a fishing trip, but Raphael’s in our tent. He’s not happy about being here,’ she said with a sly smile.
‘John, dear, we’re getting ready to go to St Mungo’s, are you coming with us?’ came Mrs Weasley’s voice.
‘I do not like Apparating,’ said Dean, sitting down with his porridge. ‘I went side-along with my dad once and it sucked.’
A couple hours passed. Sherlock showed the Winchesters where they’d be staying and Melly began preparing lunch. The doorbell rang just as Melly put a plate of sandwiches down on the kitchen table.
Welcome back everyone! Thanks to OtakuElf, Suektlsn, VegasGranny, ReallyVeryGay, Dansel13 and hhhellcat for the comments!
‘She had one,’ said Mr Diggory. ‘I found her holding one, Ludo. Iff it’s all right with you, Mr Crouch, I think we should hear what she’s got to say for herself.’
Krum tried to sit up, but Cas made him lie still. ‘He attacked me!’ Krum said in English when he saw Dumbledore. ‘That old madman attacked me! I vos looking around to  see vare Potter had gone and he attacked me from behind!’
he heard Sherlock whisper in the back of his mind. He was too tired to send anything back, but he wanted to stay.
‘Right, well, we’ll try to find somewhere,’ said Hermione. ‘We’ll send a message round to everyone when we’ve got a time and a place for the first meeting.’
They got up from the table and John let Sherlock lead the way, as he had never been to Dumbledore’s office. He stopped them in front of in front of an extremely ugly stone gargoyle.
He closed his eyes to concentrate on that alone. It got slightly clearer and he managed to identify it as a vague annoyance before it slipped away. He gasped and opened his eyes.
‘’Course I am,’ Dean said softly. ‘I just gotta go get some stuff. I’ll be back once your bandages are done.’
‘Sure.’ Jo smiled again, and the blonde witch blew Cas a kiss, before they all hurried back to their tent.
‘Yes, sir,’ said John. He and Sherlock carefully stood up, still feeling extremely ill, then made their way out into the grounds.
enter. Screw all those guys who’re in it for that stuff. Show people that the best way to get anywhere is by being a good guy and working hard.’
Dean examined what little he could see of Cas’s face. He looked pale, and there was a twitch in his cheek.
A group of Hufflepuffs were clutching at each other, weak with laughter, and each holding a half-eaten chocolate biscuit. Gabriel, too, was laughing, though it seemed more as though he was laughing at them. They fell out of their seats onto the stone floor, still laughing, until Gabriel waved his wand over them. They climbed back into their seats, breathless but grinning, and put their biscuits down.
'Which means you'd have been harder to overhear,' said Sirius. 'You've got a lot to learn, Hermione.'
The Beaters on both sides were now acting without mercy. Volkov and Vulchanov in particular seemed not to care whether their clubs made contact with Bludger or human as they swung them violently through the air. Dimitrov shot straight at Moran, who had the Quaffle, nearly knocking her off her broom.
Just then, Madam Pomfrey emerged and bustled over to them. ‘Let’s get these bandages changed,’ she said.
‘Sure, I do,’ said Dean. ‘Your dad’s an expert on No-Maj – Muggle – relations and law. MACUSA consults with him on lots of things, and we generally model our laws after the ones he’s written. You guys didn’t know that?’
‘What?’ Cas pulled his coat off and said, ‘Damn,’ at the blood that had seeped through his shirt, beige sweater vest and his coat.
‘Yeah, the DA’s good,’ said Ginny. ‘Only, let’s make it stand for Dumbledore’s Army, because that’s the Ministry’s worst fear, isn’t it?’
Joh, too, was feeling a lot more relaxed. He turned his head to look at Sherlock and his breath caught in his throat. Perhaps it was the light, or the spell given off by the Veela, but Sherlock's skin suddenly looked so soft and smooth that John had to resist the urge to reach out and stroke his cheek. John bit his lip and tore his gaze away, stomach churning in a mixture of fear and a strange longing he had never felt before.
Meanwhile, Hermione became furious with the lot of them, and repeatedly went between them and Ron to try and force them to talk again. Harry outright refused, as did Sherlock and Dean. John almost felt like talking to him a few times, but then someone would glare at him and he would be reminded that everyone, including Ron, believed that he had helped Harry cheat his way into the tournament.
‘Now, look here, Hermione!’ said Percy. ‘A high-ranking Ministry official like Mr Crouch deserves unswerving obedience from his servants-‘
‘Neither am I.’ John laughed at Sherlock’s indignation in the back of his head. ‘He helps me,’ he added at her frown. ‘I like him. He’ll do.’
‘No! Mother, no! I didn’t do it, I didn’t do it, I didn’t know! Don’t send me there, don’t let him!’
John’s cheeks burned, knowing exactly what Sherlock had been about to say, and briefly returned the sentiment.
In the very middle of the row sat Cornelius Fudge, to his left a square-jawed witch wearing a monocle, and on his right was another witch, but she was sitting so far back on her bench that her face was in shadow.
Dean hauled his cauldron downstairs with him, and Cas waited while he ate a bacon sandwich for breakfast. When Dean was finished eating, they left the Great Hall, and Cas turned towards the dungeons, but stopped when he noticed Dean going the opposite way.
Welcome back everyone! Apologies for taking so long due to some technical issues. My laptop is getting on a bit so please be patient with her :L Thanks to hhhelcat for the comment!
As always, I'll add a preview to this story, so you'll all get a notification when I post the first chapter.
‘No,’ said Dumbledore, ‘Floo powder is not safe at the moment, the Network is being watched. You will be taking a Portkey.’ He indicated the old kettle lying innocently on the desk. ‘We are just waiting for Phineas Nigellus to report back… I want to be sure that the coast is clear before sending you -’
Dean snorted. ‘Please, you’re only doing this because Sherlock won’t come with you anymore and now you can’t have your secret makeout sessions in the Restricted Section.’
in the Tournament in the firs’ place. Worried! I dunno when I seen Dumbledore more worried than he’s bin lately. An’ you!’ Hagrid said suddenly angrily to Harry, who looked up at him, taken aback. ‘What were yeh doin’, wanderin’ off with ruddy Krum? He’s from Durmstrang, Harry! Coulda jinxed yeh right there, couldn’ he? Hasn’ Moody taught yeh nothin’? ‘Magine lettin’ him lure yeh off on yer own-’
Cas put down his wand, but rested it on the seat next to him rather than putting it away in his robes.
Karkaroff beckoned forward one of his students and John was shocked to see the curved nose and thick black eyebrows of Viktor Krum.
Sherlock kept an arm around John's shoulders while Dumbledore told them that neither Bagman nor Snape had been accused of Dark activity since the trials.
Dean put his glasses away and they went down to the Great Hall together, where Cas ate a whole bowl of soup, before he went on his patrol.
Throughout the week, the castle underwent a thorough cleaning, even the portraits and suits of armour receiving a scrubbing, and all the teachers became snappy and tense.
Mr Weasley came clattering into the living room, his robes on backwards. ‘What’s wrong, Amos?’ he said.
Angeline, however, said quickly, ‘The Quidditch season’s about to start, we need team practices too!’
Dean was glad when it was over, his stomach had started to rumble, and John pushed his arm away just as Dumbledore rose to begin the feast.
She glanced at them and nodded, then stared at the door, clutching her bag tightly and waiting. Eventually, she was called inside as well.
‘Well, I think you might be surprised how many people would be interested in what you have to say,’ Hermione said seriously. ‘Look, you know the first weekend of October’s a Hogsmeade weekend? How would it be if we tell anyone who’s interested to meet us in the village and we can talk it over?’
John considered her face and was reminded of the year before when Crookshanks had decided Hermione would be his owner.
‘No!’ Harry said angrily. ‘I was having a dream at first about something completely different, something stupid… and then this interrupted it. It was real. Mr Weasley was asleep on the floor and he was attacked by a gigantic snake.’
The glittering plates in front of them didn't have any food on them yet, but there were menus neatly places on the middle of the tables. John looked around to see what they were supposed to do, and he saw Dumbledore at the head table look down at his plate and clearly say 'Pork chops.’ They appeared on his plate, and everyone in the room copied him. It seemed like a lot of extra effort on behalf of the House-elves, but when John looked over at Hermione, she seemed not to care for once.
Later on that day, Dean had gone to collect Castiel from the hospital wing, and they were walking across the Entrance Hall together, when a hush fell. The crowd parted before them and they came to a halt as Fleur Delacour appeared.
‘Okay, we’ll do that after we pick up our robes. I think you need some new school ones anyway. Your ones from last year are too short.’
‘It’s all right,’ Cas said with a sigh. ‘He thinks I’m possessed by a Demon, so the devil’s trap is to stop it escaping. And he banished angels from saving me because I don’t deserve it.’
'If you say so,' Cas said, warily watching him set a fire under the cauldron. 'How should we start?'
Sherlock and John were no longer paying attention. John was howling into Sherlock's robes, his knuckles white as he balled his fists, and Sherlock stopped holding back his own tears.
Once everyone, bar Cas, finally returned to Gryffindor Tower, Fred and George had thrown a party in Harry’s honour, with mountains of food, flagons of pumpkin juice, and bottles of Butterbeer scattered over ever surface. They let off a few Wet-Start fireworks, so the air was filled with sparks and stars. Dean Thomas put up several, impressive banners that he had drawn himself, most depicting Harry circling the Horntail, but a few showed Cedric’s face on fire.
'I think you should go,' Cas said. 'It's clearly important, otherwise he would never ask you to leave the castle so late at night.'
Dean ran a hand through his hair. ‘And what’s with that - that sigil on his chest? I mean, the one on his back is a devil’s trap, I know one of those when I see one, but… It looks like Enochian, but not any I’ve seen before.’
They bumped into a crowd at the entrance and John stood on his toes, trying to see what was going on.
‘I’ll be havin’ a few words with her, an’ all,’ said Hagrid, stomping up the stairs. ‘The less you lot ‘ave ter do with these foreigners, the happier yeh’ll be. Yeh can’t trust any of ‘em.’
‘Er – but maybe this is not the time… no… where was I? Ah yes, the Triwizard Tournament… well, some of you will not know what this Tournament involves, so I hope that those who
‘Look,’ said Hermione, intervening swiftly, ‘that’s not what this meeting was supposed to be about-’
‘Our short-term aims,’ said Hermione, speaking over Ron, ‘are to secure house-elves fair wages and working conditions. Our long-term aims include changing the laws about non-wand-use, and trying to get an elf into the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, because they’re shockingly underrepresented.’
'I don't think he could move much anyway, even if he wanted to.' Sherlock turned his attention back to John, and Dumbledore left. He could John beginning to recover, but the numbness yielded to pain. Sherlock trembled as it rampaged through John, and then himself, and John groaned in his sleep. Though it hurt, Sherlock chanced a short nap, now that John was strong enough to hold himself together, at least for a little while.
‘Yeah, but that’s not actually to do homework. Cas is helping me actually get it done so I don’t fail my O.W.L,’ Dean said.
His heart hammered in his chest as he watched her get closer to Mr Weasley, and he looked around desperately for the help that was supposed to be coming. ‘Hurry up,’ he muttered. He looked down at Nagini, instinctively stepping away from her, despite not really being there. She was horrible to look at. She blurred as she moved, but she seemed heavy, as though dragging something with her. Her tongue flicked in and out, she had clearly noticed Mr Weasley, but she didn’t attack straight away. He held his breath. Maybe she wouldn’t attack him after all.
‘You’ve had an owl,’ Ron said to Harry, pointing at Harry’s bed, where Grace was sitting patiently. ‘And we’ve got our detentions tomorrow night, Snape’s dungeon.’ He then walked straight out of the room, not looking at either of them.
John finally gave in and looked around the Entrance Hall. Sherlock was not there, but he could see Harry and Ron with Parvati and Padma Patil. Harry, Ron and Padma all looked extremely uncomfortable, though Parvati was waving around excitedly, her many golden bangles jangling on her wrist.
'I appreciate your concern. We should get back.' Cas ate one more cracker and got to his feet, leading the way back up to the castle, repairing the bed frame on his way out.
Tiny Dennis Creevey staggered forward, tripping over Hagrid’s moleskin, just as Hagrid himself sidled into the Hall through a door behind the teachers’ table. He winked at them as he sat down, and watched Dennis Creevey putting the Sorting Hat on. The rip at the brim opened wide-
‘Disciplinary hearing on the twelfth of August,’ said Fudge in a ringing voice, and Mycroft sighed audibly beside John., ‘into offences committed under the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Undrage Sorcery and the International Statute of Secrecy by John Hamish Watson, resident at number twenty-two, Kings Road, Chelmsford, Essex.
Ron put an arm around Hermione, leading her away, and soon the only ones left were Sherlock, John and Sam.
Sherlock didn't get the jolt he always got from John whenever Bertha Jorkins was mentioned, but he supposed he could have missed it between the waves of agony crashing between them.
‘Oh yeah,’ said Hagrid, throwing an uneasy glance at Umbridge’s clipboard, but ploughing on valiantly. ‘Yeah, I was gonna tell yeh how come we got a herd. Yeah, so, we started off with a male an’ five females. This one,’ he patted the first horse to have appeared, ‘name o’ Tenebrus, he’s my special favourite, firs’ one born here in the Forest-’
Dean nodded. ‘Well, thanks for looking, I guess. Mince pie?’ He offered one from the plate he’d been aimlessly carrying around.
‘What is it, Potter? Where does it hurt?’ Professor McGonagall asked, hurrying across the dormitory in her tartan dressing gown.
‘Oh well,’ said Hermione, buried in her letter once more, ‘you’ll have plenty of opportunities to ask her.’
Hermione was sitting across from him and saw him turn ghostly white. Her own expression dropped from that of excitement to deep concern. ‘What’s wrong?’ she whispered.
Cas nodded, lip wobbling. He reached inside his robes and pulled out his necklace, then closed his eyes. ‘It’s been a long day,’ he said. ‘I want to go to bed.’
'Oh,' Dean said, glancing at Sherlock, who had also noticed Cas's almost casual mention of his mother.
Sherlock quickly read the letter and tutted. 'He says Umbridge isn't his concern and he has far more important things to be doing than forcing the toad woman to teach us properly.' He handed the letter to John. 'See if you can see the important things he's meant to be doing.'
‘Because Cho spends half her time crying these days,’ said Hermione, still scribbling on her parchment. ‘She does it at mealtimes, in the loos, all over the place.’
Cas grabbed a Quaffle and Summoned his broom once they were in the stadium. He lifted off the ground and rose gracefully into the air.
‘It was a competition of sorts that my mother and uncle had. They competed to find the best angel names.’ Cas explained. ‘So we all have them.’
'And here all the way from Egypt, our referee: acclaimed chairwizard of the International Association of Quidditch, Hassan Mostafa!'
When he arrived in the dormitory, it was to a tense atmosphere. Seamus and Harry were already hidden behind their curtains, and John was holding his pajamas limply in his hands.
‘Nothing much,’ John said hurriedly, ‘just one of the centaurs telling him he’ll be okay. It was a while ago now.’
‘I wonder who that could be,’ said Mrs Weasley as she came out of the kitchen. She opened the front door and they heard a familiar voice.
‘Oh, the usual,’ Nick shrugged. ‘Wreaked havoc and mayhem. Pots and pans everywhere. Place swimming in soup. Terrified the house-elves out of their wits-‘
‘Do you find,’ said Umbridge in a ringing voice to Pansy Parkinson, ‘that you are able to understand Professor Hagrid when he talks?’
He finally recognised it as Sherlock’s voice and followed it until the ante-chamber flickered back into view.
Meanwhile, Hermione was skimming eagerly through her velvet-covered, tasselled programme. '"A display from the team mascots will precede the match",' she read aloud.
Umbridge was standing in the doorway wearing her green tweed cloak and matching hat with earflaps. Lips pursed, she leaned back to see Hagrid’s face; she barely reached his navel.
A hand appeared, groping around amongst the flames. A stubby, short-fingered hand, covered in ugly old-fashioned rings.
It took another twenty minutes and a cup of water before it subsided, and John pulled himself together, hurrying to Dumbledore’s office.
Harry considered it for a moment, then said,' Yeah, but I don't think anyone else will want to be taught by me. I'm a nutter, remember?'
Dean knew before even opening the book that it was all rubbish, but he knew that Cas would want him to take it as an opportunity to practice reading, so he flipped to the chapter and got started.
It was a crisp morning, just the way Dean liked it, but just as stepped onto the grass, Sherlock and John barged past him, each of them soaking wet.
Cas and Dean finished their week of detention, and December arrived, bringing with it more snow and an avalanche of homework for the fifth-years.
There was a murmur of impressed agreement around the table. There was no denying that, at least, they had all been spectating throughout the tasks.
‘I tell you what,’ said the witch. ‘If you take her, I’ll give you her tank environment for free. I’ve had enough of her hanging around, if I’m honest with you.’
'Oh yes, the Ministry wants a thorough understanding of teachers' - er - backgrounds.' She then turned away, walked over to Pansy Parkinson and began questioning her about the lesson.
‘Better go,’ John said as the others got to their feet. ‘See you later.’ He gave Sherlock a quick peck then followed the others out, albeit slightly shakily.
John balled up his fists and tried to see past the fog in his mind, but it was no good. It was as if a wall had been put up and he had no way through it.
‘Today’s not bad… outside all morning,’ said Ron, running his finger down the Monday column of his timetable. ‘Herbology with the Hufflepuffs and Care of Magical Creatures… Damn, still with the Slytherins…’
John then saw Castiel attempting to sneak past him. ‘Cas!’ he called, stopping him at the foot of the marble staircase.
‘You will take them back to school, Hagrid,’ Dumbledore repeated firmly. ‘Take them right up to Gryffindor Tower. I want you all to stay there - unless you need to be elsewhere, Castiel?’ Dumbledore gave Cas a meaningful look.
'Good morning, Professor Trelawney,' said Umbridge, with her wide smile. 'You received my note, I trust? Giving the time and date of your inspection?'
‘Gabriel is a master of making you believe it wasn’t him,’ Fred said. ‘Rule one, by the way, never eat anything Gabriel gives you.’
‘It’s an Invisibility Cloak,’ he said, grabbing John by the shoulders. ‘That’s why you can’t see who Nagini is attacking, they’re under an Invisibility Cloak!’
‘This is so cool,’ Sam said. ‘It looks like you can tell what people are feeling through their letters. That’s amazing, John, I don’t think anyone else can do that. I gotta go write some of this down, see ya.’ Sam gathered everything up and hurried away, leaving John preoccupied with his thoughts and feeling strangely alone.
‘Well, it’s an old-fashioned rule,’ said Hermione, as she slid neatly onto the rug in front of them, ‘but it says in
'Well,' Hermione said tentatively. 'You know, I was thinking today that maybe the time's come when we should just - just do it ourselves.'
‘Yep,’ said Fred, grinning at her. ‘The house-elves are dead helpful. They’d bring me a roast ox if I said I was peckish.’
‘Good morning, Dean,’ Cas said quietly, lightly brushing his hand against Dean’s. ‘Will you go to breakfast with me?’
'That's okay, it's not due yet, we can look at it another time. Besides, I'm pretty confident about this one.'
‘It’s June, nineteen ninety-five,’ Sherlock said softly, lifting him up. ‘We’re in Professor Dumbledore’s office.’
Cas shivered, straining to contain his magic. 'I'm supposed to come here when it's too much, to let it out safely. But it's just getting stronger.'
‘I was hoping to hear from Dumbledore today. But I suppose it’ll have to wait now.’ He sighed and took Dolly and her tank from Sherlock. ‘Come on. Let’s finish our lunch, then we can go over to the Weasleys’.’
‘Yes,’ John said in what was meant to be a firm voice, but came out as more of a cracked whisper. ‘I just need this to stop being so… constant.’
‘They organised the Triwizard Tournament, didn’t they?’ said Hermione. ‘I suppose they wanted to be here to see it start.’
Mr Diggory emerged from the trees carrying a tiny, limp figure in his arms. It was Winky. Mr Diggory lay her at Mr Crouch’s feet and waited with everyone else for his reaction.
missed it. We spent too much time hoping it would be okay and we almost lost him. What he needs is support. There’s no point fighting about it now.’
giving him instructions, Cornelius,' Dumbledore said. 'Those people's deaths were mere by-products of a plan to restore Voldemort to his full strength again. The plan succeeded. Voldemort has been restored to his body.'
Cas had his eyes closed and his hands over his ears, but he was breathing rhythmically in the way that Dean had taught him.
They all dropped their bags to the ground and got started on erecting their tents. Sam and Dean appeared to have done it many times before, and their tent was up within minutes so they moved on to help Mr Weasley with both of his.
But he looked neither angry nor worried. On the contrary, he was looking at Harry with distinct pride.
‘Mind yer own business,’ Hagrid said angrily. ‘Now, if yeh’ve finished asking stupid questions, everyone gather roun’.’ He dropped the cow and stepped back. ‘Now, they’ll be attracted by the smell o’ the meat but I’m goin’ ter give ‘em a call anyway, ‘cause they’ll like ter know it’s me.’
Hermione didn’t turn up for Herbology, and John relied on Molly heavily as his energy waned. It was all he could do to walk down to Hagrid’s hut, and sit down in front of it with a thump.
John nodded, though it was almost indistinguishable from his violent shivering. He closed his eyes. ‘I saw them,’ he stammered. ‘All the other Seers he…’
John could barely stand walking around Hogwarts over the next few weeks. The Slytherins had all taken great delight in both his and Harry's articles in the
and Dobby the house-elf appeared in the middle of the room, Hedwig on his tiny arm. His large, pointed ears were sticking out from underneath what looked like every item of clothing Hermione had made.
Suddenly there was a faint popping sound and Mr Weasley appeared in the kitchen. Fred quickly shoved the sweet out of sight.
All the things he should have seen whilst in the memory all tried to show themselves at once, and John dropped to the floor.
‘Yes, but it also means the teachers are trying to show off. Professor McGonagall actually made me Transfigure a porcupine the other day.’
Cas slowly put out all the torches, walking around the room, flicking his wand. He straightened everyone's blankets and gently stroked Harry and John's foreheads as he passed them, hoping to calm their dreams.
‘It’s likely you would have been anyway,’ said Sherlock. ‘You’ve never been to the Ministry. I imagine something will crop up when you see it.’
‘Mornin’!’ Hagrid said, grinning at them. ‘Better wait fer the Slytherins, they won’ want ter miss this – Blast-Ended-Skrewts!’
'I think Hagrid's already doing that,' Sherlock told him. 'So technically, you won't have done anything wrong.'
Gabriel’s smile slid away. ‘Listen, guys, he’s been having a really tough time lately, and it’s all a little much for him. You don’t need to worry about him, he’s somewhere safe and quiet.’
asleep,’ said Harry, ‘but it wasn’t an ordinary dream… it was real… I saw it happen.’ He took a deep breath. ‘Ron’s dad - Mr Weasley - has been attacked by a giant snake.’
Cas nodded, sipping his hot chocolate. He hadn’t moved from his spot before the fire when Dean came back down. ‘Sit next to me, Dean,’ he murmured.
He could hear his mother shouting, but he cared very little for it, he just walked towards the front door. The front door slammed open before he could reach it, and the curse suddenly lifted.
‘Ludo, we need to meet with the Bulgarians, you know,’ said Mr Crouch sharply, cutting across Bagman’s remarks. ‘Thank you for the tea, Weatherby.’ He pushed his undrunk tea back at Percy and waited for Bagman to struggle to his feet.
John was beginning to gain some semblance of control over himself and became vaguely aware of his surroundings.
Dean’s mouth dropped open, and even Cas was shocked enough to drop his hands. They sat in silence for a moment, but then Dean felt they were intruding on something private, so he pointedly cleared his throat.
More wizards were joining the marching group, laughing and pointing up at the floating bodies. Tents crumpled and fell as the marching crowd swelled. Once or twice one of the marchers blasted a tent out of their way. Several caught fire. The screaming grew louder.
Ron said, looking as though he couldn’t believe his ears. ‘Hermione, he’s one of the best Seekers in the world! I had no idea he was still at school!’
Winky looked horrified at the idea. 'House-elves is not paid, sir! No, no, no. I says, next thing I hear, you is up in front of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, like some common goblin.'
For a few seconds, Mr Crouch remained transfixed as he stared down at Winky. ‘This- cannot – be,’ he said. ‘No-‘ He strode off to the place Winky had been found.
‘And you’re sure they’re trained, are you?’ said Malfoy, the panic in his voice even more pronounced. ‘Only, it wouldn’t be the first time you’d brought wild stuff to class, would it?’
'I know you do, but you're so smart you could make any potion you want. We just have to get you more comfortable with the actual making part. We'll do the ones you like first and get a good base to work from.'
John took a deep breath and repeated the process. This time Sherlock caught him as he flew out of the fireplace. ‘One day I’ll do that and not fall over, he said, dusting himself down once again.
‘Whew,’ panted Mr Weasley. ‘Well, we’ve made good time – we’ve got ten minutes… Now we just need the Portkey,’ he said, squinting at the ground. ‘It won’t be big, come on…’
‘You remembered to bring the screen for Cas?’ said the boy, standing on his toes to see into the boot.
‘Hello, there, Arthur,’ said Basil wearily. ‘Not on duty, eh? It’s all right for some… we’ve been here all night… you’d better get out of the way, we’ve got a big party coming in from the Black Forest at five fifteen. Hang on, I’ll find your campsite… Weasley… Weasley…’ He consulted his parchment list. ‘Yes, here we are. Weasley, Holmes and Winchester, about a quarter of a mile’s walk over there, first field you come to. Site manager’s called Mr Roberts. Diggory… second field… ask for Mr Payne.’
John made a noise of discomfort from the sofa he was sitting and they all turned to see him rubbing his chest, wincing.
‘We would never,’ George grinned, and the two of them ran off to their room, presumably to stash the parchment somewhere.
They unpacked all their books at the table by the window, away from everyone else, and quietly got to work.
‘Mother!’ screamed the boy, and the wispy little witch beside Crouch sobbed harder, rocking backwards and forwards. ‘Mother, stop him, Mother, I didn’t do it, it wasn’t me!’
Cas put away his wand, seemingly satisfied with John’s condition, then went back to Gabriel without a word.
Suddenly, John felt something in the back of his head. An intense relief flooded through him, but it wasn’t his. Before he knew it, waves of images and feelings crashed around in his mind and in front of his eyes. Images of himself but, he realised, from Sherlock’s point of view. Of him smiling, and warmth radiating from it; of him collapsed on the floor of the Shrieking Shack, and fear and uncertainty.
‘No, Cas, wait-’ Dean stood up, but it was too late. He sighed. ‘I’ll talk to him tomorrow,’ he said to himself. Then he too walked past John and Sherlock. ‘Nice, by the way,’ he said to them, giving them a thumbs up.
'She's right,' John blurted out, causing everyone in the room to turn and stare at him. 'I'd be careful if I were you.'
Umbridge did not follow Professor McGonagall around as she had Trelawney; perhaps she realised Professor McGonagall would not permit it. She did, however, take many more notes while sitting in her corner, and when Professor McGonagall finally told them all to pack away, she rose with a grim expression on her face.
‘Because I recognised one of ‘em,’ Hagrid growled. ‘Macnair, remember him? Bloke they sent ter kill Buckbeak? Maniac, he is. Likes killin’ as much as Golgomath; no wonder they were gettin’ on so well.’
‘Always the same,’ said Mr Weasley, smiling, ‘we can’t resist showing off when we get together. Ah, here we are, look, this is us.’
There were about fifty of them, all wearing plum-coloured robes with an elaborately worked silver ‘W’ on the left side of the chest, all of them staring down their noses at him.
Then Dean leaned over and looked Lucius straight in the eye with a big smile on his face. 'Actually, Mr Malfoy,' he said quietly, 'we're all here because we have friends and people like us. See, we don't have to throw money at everything to make things work for us. Of course, Draco would know all about that, right?' Dean's gaze switched to Draco. 'Since he got on the Slytherin team because people liked him and thought he was good, right?' Dean's smile widened as Draco turned slightly pink, then leaned back in his seat.
They were swiftly joined by Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ginny, and the door swung closed behind them just as Mrs Weasley shrieked, ‘WHAT DO YOU MEAN, THAT’S THE GENERAL IDEA?’
was sat in the chair. It had dark, raw skin and floppy limbs, but the worst part was the face. Scaled, flat, and noseless, it looked more snake than human.
‘How was it?’ said Sherlock. ‘We already know that he needs Harry for something, so he won’t be looking for a way to enter him, would he? He wouldn’t want to risk Harry’s death.’
‘It’s an easy day,’ he tried to reassure Sherlock, but his hoarse, cracked voice did nothing to help things. ‘Molly will help me in Herbology, and later is Magical Creatures.’
A warm glow filled Dean’s chest. ‘You really think so?’ he said. ‘Even though - you know - this stuff is hard for me?’ He gestured at the papers in front of them.
Hagrid lifted him up and carried him outside, and they were followed out by the rest of their group.
Sherlock helped John out of his chair. Cas stepped in front of them and handed John one more potion. ‘For nightmares,’ he said, before leaving the tent.
John threw on some clothes, only pausing for a moment when the Dark Mark spiked through his head again.
Visitors to the Ministry are expected to submit to a search and present their wands for registration at the security desk, which is located at the far end of the Atrium.’
The uproar from the Hufflepuff table was incredible. Every single one of them had jumped to their feet, screaming and stomping.
Professor McGonagall then unrolled a large roll of parchment. ‘When I call out your name, you will put on the Hat and sit on the stool,’ she told the first-years. ‘When the Hat announces your house, you will go and sit at the appropriate table.
‘But they’re really really unlucky!’ interrupted Parvati, looking alarmed. ‘They’re supposed to bring all sorts of misfortune on people who seem them. Professor Trelawney told me once-’
'You and Umbridge have got something in common,' Harry said to Hermione, when they met on the way to Defence Against the Dark Arts. 'She obviously reckons Trelawney's an old fraud too… looks like she's put her on probation.'
John smirked and looked over at Fred and George, whose identical dumbstruck expressions turned into pure glee.
The Fat Lady was fast asleep in her frame by the time they reached her, so John had to shout ‘Fairy Lights!’ at her to wake her up. She grumbled, but didn’t open her eyes, and just let them in.
Then the room exploded with sound moments later, as Harry disappeared into the door behind the top table, along with most of the teachers. Several people ran between tables, including Castiel and Sam.
‘Well… making it look like he knows everything,’ Ron snarled. ‘Dad could get a promotion any time he wants… he just likes it where he is…’
One by one, the Bulgarians filed between the rows of seats, and Bagman called out their names as each of them shook hands with their own Minister, then with Fudge.
Fred put his hands over his face, Fred and Ginny got up and hugged their mother, and Ron gave a short, shaky laugh and downed the rest of his Butterbeer.
He stumbled on the spot when he finally did drag himself to his feet, but continued onwards until they reached the familiar trees of the Forest.
he cried, holding his head. ‘What’s happening?’ Then he recognised the sensation and panic rose in his chest. ‘No,’ he stammered. ‘No, no, no, not again.’ He was yanked away from the room and fell through images upon images, none of them clear, and all slipping away too quickly. Drawn ever further, he couldn’t find his way back, until he felt Sherlock in the distance.
'How do you do? How do you do?' said Fudge. 'Let's see, introductions. You know Arthur Weasley, I daresay?'
But Professor McGonagall’s voice drowned out Fudge’s. 'The moment that - that thing entered the room,' she screamed, pointing at Fudge, trembling all over, 'it swooped down on Crouch and - and -'
‘My Lord, I must speak! All through our journey I have gone over the plan in my head – my Lord, Bertha Jorkins’s disappearance will not go unnoticed for long, and if we proceed, if I curse- ‘
He sloped away into the frame of the portrait and disappeared from view at the very moment the office door opened again. Fred, George and Ginny were ushered inside by Professor McGonagall, all three of them looking dishevelled and shocked, still in their nightclothes.
‘Of course he isn’t!’ said Trelawney, looking thoroughly excited. ‘What was it, Potter? A premonition? An apparition? What did you see?’
the killing curse.’ He put his hand back in the jar and pulled out the last, frantic spider. He put it on the desk, raised his wand and roared, ‘
John snorted. He’d barely come into his power at all the last time he’d seen Lupin. ‘Unfortunately.’ John took a sip of his tea, and another man came through the front door.
‘Finally, I wish to impress upon any of you wishing to compete that this Tournament is not to be entered lightly. Once a champion has been selected by the Goblet of Fire, they are obliged to see the Tournament through to the end. The placing of your name in the Goblet constitutes a binding magical contract. There can be no change of heart once you have become champion. Please be very sure, therefore, that you are whole-heartedly prepared to play, before you drop your name in the Goblet. Now, I think it is time for bed. Goodnight to you all.’
‘Look,’ Harry said, and everyone fell silent at once, ‘I don’t want to sound like I’m trying to be modest or anything, but… I had a lot of help with all that stuff…’
Might have gone slightly overboard with this one, but I hope you all enjoyed it anyway, and I'll see you again next time!
John nodded, resigned to the fact that this would most likely be the first question people asked him from now on.
