“It’s not a special day, and it’s been fine so far, thank you for asking,” Sherlock replied rather more sarcastically than usual. “It would be even better if you were to focus on the case and answer my question.”
John’s eyes opened slowly but as soon as he saw their hands he must have remembered where he was because he quickly sat up and looked at Sherlock, relief spreading across his face when he noticed his eyes were open. John sat back in his chair, letting go of Sherlock’s hand as he did so. Sherlock tried to hide his disappointment.
Mrs Hudson happily obliged his request and they spent the rest of the afternoon in the kitchen. Sherlock was determined to learn so that he could do everything himself when the time came, hopefully John would be pleased.
It was a few minutes before either of them said anything. John rolled off of Sherlock and laid on his side next to the detective.
Before Sherlock pulled away John grabbed him by the back of the neck and brought their lips together again, only for a few short seconds, and then let go of the detective.
John swallowed, trying to keep the tears at bay. It wasn’t often that he cried, if at all, but the proposal and now the ring- which for some reason he hadn’t been expecting- brought all these emotions tumbling down around him and he could barely control himself. He nodded slightly.
The good doctor came back into the room- still completely naked, Sherlock noted happily- with a large tray filled with food. Anything and everything that Sherlock might want to eat, including their own little indulgence.
Sherlock was shocked at Lestrade's words. He knew it was true, of course, but he was surprised that Lestrade had voiced them. Perhaps John had been worse off than Sherlock originally thought.
John shot out of his chair like a maniac and raced over to where Sherlock had been standing just a few seconds ago. Had it been real, or was it all in his head? It seemed real enough to him, but he'd been holding on to Sherlock seconds ago. Where had he gone? And when did Lestrade get here? "He was here. He was right here, I saw him. I saw him, I spoke to him. Where did he go?" he shouted at Lestrade, who was looking more and more confused by the second. "He was right here."
John smirked, pleased that he had been able to distract the great Sherlock Holmes. “Why don’t we go upstairs like I suggested earlier?”
After having a shower and getting dressed he said goodbye to Sherlock, who was still staring intently at the case file, and left for work.
Sherlock used his free hand to tip John’s head back and kissed him passionately. John groaned into his mouth with each movement of Sherlock’s hand. The detective was now languidly stroking John’s cock and trying to match the rhythm of his thrusting into Sherlock’s hand. “I want that in me,” Sherlock pleaded.
They slowly pulled apart and Sherlock looked at John before quietly asking, "Does this mean you forgive me?"
They both lay side by side now, John's hands reaching out to Sherlock and tracing every part of his body he could reach as they continued reveling in their new found intimacy. Sherlock cupped John's face and brought them together in another kiss. This was deeper, longer and more passionate than the last.
John tried to stifle a laugh at the look on Sherlock’s face. The detective looked both annoyed and amused at the same, a very interesting combination. It was clear he wanted to know about the case, but he seemed to want to humour John, so he just let it be.
He saw the detective swallow nervously- now that the tables were turned he wasn't quite as confident- but he didn't seem to object to John's advances. He crawled to where Sherlock was seated in the middle of the bed and tenderly lay him down with his head on the pillow. He then went on to remove the detective's trousers, seeing as his shirt had been previously discarded, and looked up at Sherlock before determining whether or not he should remove anything else.
Meanwhile Sherlock had managed to undo John’s trousers and went straight for the doctor’s arse. He squeezed, hard, and the response was a loud moan from John. “Do that again.”
He walked over to him and wrapped his arms firmly around the detective. "Happy Valentine's day, Sherlock."
John reluctantly let go of Sherlock and got up, picking up the ringing phone on his way out of the room, silently hoping that it wouldn’t wake up the detective.
Mycroft's case had been a blessing. Sherlock had spent the next three days completely absorbed, carrying out experiments at all hours and spending just about all his time pouring over the details. He would take the occasional break to eat, through John's forceful reminders, but otherwise was constantly working. Even though John had been terribly busy at the surgery this week and had been unable to join Sherlock in the investigation he still received regular updates.
It had been strange at first to share a bed with Sherlock, but now John could honestly say he had never been happier. From the moment they met the detective had intrigued him, but John daren't push their relationship any further after Sherlock told him he was married to his work. But as the months went on their resolve to deny their feelings for each other started to crumble. Sherlock had come to rely on John more and more, and John found that he couldn't hide his emotions as well as before, and Sherlock was, as always, extremely observant. He noticed John's longing looks, the lingering touches and he found himself wishing John would stop denying them what they both so clearly wanted. And so one day after a particularly exciting case Sherlock had finally given in and pinned the doctor against the wall of their hallway and fervently kissed him, hoping he hadn't misread the signs. As always, his observations had been accurate and so John and Sherlock became what others had already deemed them for a long time; a couple.
John hesitated only slightly before closing the door to Sherlock's room and going over to the bed. He could never say no to Sherlock, much less when he said please.
Now that John had Sherlock well and naked under him he couldn’t help but marvel at the detective’s body. He had seen Sherlock partially naked before- he loved to walk around the flat in just a sheet- but this was different. This was Sherlock giving himself over to John. This was Sherlock trusting John Watson with everything that he was.
There were cases that were easily solved after a few experiments and examinations, some that didn't even require them to leave the crime scene, but this one was not one of them. After identifying the suspect Sherlock and John had to chase him through street after street, using Sherlock's brilliant mind to cut him off, and then finally deliver him to Scotland Yard.
As soon as they reached the waiting room the detective inspector had started pacing up and down, unable to stay still for longer than five minutes. Even Mycroft was unusually agitated, tapping his umbrella and his foot on the floor, probably to keep himself from pacing along with Lestrade.
Lestrade moved over from his place at the door and sat next to Sherlock, his arms crossed disapprovingly.
Lestrade looked John in the eye and in a soft voice said, "John, Sherlock's gone, you know that. You were just dreaming."
As soon as they arrived at Baker Street, Sherlock went straight to the bathroom to wash off the hospital scent. When he came out, freshly dressed in his pyjamas and dressing gown, he was met with a quiet John sitting on the sofa.
He finally arrived at his destination and after taking a deep breath to steady himself for the conversation he was about to have he walked in and was unsurprised when he was lead directly to Mycroft's office. On the way there his thoughts kept reverting back to Sherlock and his little escapade last night. He wished Sherlock had stayed. That way he wouldn't have to go looking for him today and lose more time that they could be spending together.
John simply rubbed his back, hoping to bring what little comfort he could. When Sherlock was finished he collapsed back on John’s chest and the doctor placed his hand on Sherlock’s forehead. The migraines didn’t usually get this bad and he was starting to wonder if maybe they were an underlying symptom to something else.
John slowly removed his fingers from inside Sherlock, receiving a grunt of disapproval in spite of the knowledge that they would soon be replaced with something much better. John kissed Sherlock, his lips moving slowly across the detective's, not in their usual desperate kisses, but a soft loving kiss that spoke of a deeper affection between the two. He lined himself up with Sherlock. "Ready?" he asked.
John removed Sherlock's hand from his mouth and started carefully removing his arm from the sling so that he could take his shirt off completely. "Sherlock, help me out here," he said, when Sherlock left him to do all the work.
"I tracked them down again, after I recovered, and contacted the agency. They took care of them." Sherlock wrapped his dressing gown around himself with shaking hands, the results of too much caffeine, too little sleep and frayed nerves. "It was my fault, John. If I'd known there were two of them, if I'd paid attention, none of that would have happened."
Hours later when Sherlock had satisfied his need to conduct strange experiments he had finally settled down on the sofa with John. He had his legs folded under him and his head on John’s chest. John, in turn, had wrapped his right arm around Sherlock and was slowly stroking his arm up and down with his fingers. Their hands were entwined on John’s lap, fingers twitching and fidgeting with one another absentmindedly.
He gently extricated himself from the bed and put on his dressing gown. In much the same routine he had acquired for the last few days he walked downstairs, grabbed a cigarette out of his newly purchased packet and lit it. He slumped down on the sofa, exhausted. He took a long drag out of his cigarette, arm falling over the side of the sofa in relaxation, and started blowing out smoke rings.
“John?” Sherlock called out hesitantly. He walked slowly towards the sofa, his eyes trained intently on his flatmate. “I need to tell you something.”
They stayed cuddled up in bed for hours. John had fallen asleep soon after, clearly still recovering from his late nights at the surgery, but Sherlock stayed alert. He felt tired, and more than once his eyelids had drooped and he found it extremely hard to open them again, but he was determined to stay awake. Every time he closed his eyes all he saw was the boy and a flash of silver. He didn't want to let those memories out, they were locked away in his mind palace, in a place far away where all the terrible memories he had not been able to delete were.
And while much didn’t happen, John wasn’t surprised. He hadn’t expected Sherlock to plan anything exuberant and while part of him wanted to go out somewhere, and maybe get a few drinks, he didn’t want to have to leave Sherlock’s side. At the end of the day, just as he was about to get up to make dinner, there was a quick knock on their door before Lestrade walked in.
"I don't remember much after I blacked out," Sherlock continued, "I just know that I was found and taken to a hospital. They questioned me, having found the boy's body, and I told them that I had found two men threatening the boy in an alley and tried to get involved. They believed me, of course, there was no one to counter my story."
He was snapped out of his reverie by the sound of Lestrade calling out for an ambulance. The detective inspector was running towards Sherlock and the boy, his parents following closely behind, which was when John realized that only seconds had passed since he saw Sherlock landing on the ground and heard the sickening thump as Sherlock's head impacted on the floor.
He even found it hard now to go to sleep. He had never had what could be called a normal sleeping pattern, staying up days on end when he was on a case, sleeping for long hours when he wasn't, but now he found it hard to go to sleep at all. His mind was racing, having nothing to concentrate on it chose instead to take everything in. Every sight, every sound and every smell that reached him. He couldn't shut his mind off, couldn't stop it twisting in on itself, no matter how hard he tried to concentrate on a specific thing.
“We shouldn’t have to,” Sherlock replied. Before John had a chance to question what he said he was pushed forward slightly so that Sherlock could reach over the bathtub into his discarded trousers.
He stayed in the shower for a good half an hour, spending most of his time just standing under the cascading water until he heard Mrs Hudson walk into the flat. She had left by the time he got out, wrapped around his towel and Sherlock's dressing gown, but she'd left him some lunch on the kitchen table.
John couldn’t get those words out of his own head. But what really shocked him was how casual Sherlock sounded. As though there was no question that John would be there. Whether in reality or in Sherlock’s head, John would always be by his side.
Sherlock slid the ring easily into John’s finger and pressed a small kiss to John’s lips when he was finished, still holding his hand. “It’s been in the family for years. I never thought I’d used it.”
An hour later John was coming up to the house in Lestrade's car which was filled with boxes of evidence they had for Sherlock to look over. They brought everything upstairs and for the remainder of the day Sherlock took everything out and settled it on every surface he could find. The living room was filled with papers and evidence, as was the kitchen and Sherlock was now even using his room to work.
Sherlock weakly shook his head. “It did… at first,” he puffed out painfully, finding it frustrating that he couldn’t communicate. “N-not anymore… though.”
When the sickening motion finally settled he felt hands working at him again, the cold latex again his skin, a light shining into his eyes, the pinprick of a needle on his arm. He moaned and tried to swat the hands away but it was useless. He could hear voices around him, comforting him, grounding him, but he still couldn’t make out the words.
He ran to the nurses’ station and asked if any of them knew where Sherlock was, but no one did. He ran up and down the hallway looking everywhere for Sherlock. He searched every room, the bathrooms, even the waiting room but didn't find Sherlock anywhere. He ran back to his room hoping that the detective had finished his stroll and had returned and on the way there he found Lestrade.
“I know, but still… just try, oh-” John cut off when Sherlock squeezed his muscles around him and started biting his neck. “That’s not fair,” he complained, once he could speak again.
Luckily he was able to get into a cab fairly quickly and once he arrived at the hospital he ran all the way to Sherlock's room where Lestrade was still sitting going through his paperwork.
John then wrapped his legs around Sherlock's back and they both groaned as Sherlock entered John even more, his hips moving at a quicker pace now as John interlocked his ankles and met Sherlock's thrusts.
He jumped off the bed and kissed Sherlock's lips lightly before announcing that he was going to the bathroom. How many times did he dream of that mouth? How many dreams had he had about him and Sherlock doing exactly what he'd just done? He felt silly for thinking it, but it really was a dream come true, in every sense. He had Sherlock back, with none of the restrictions of before. He was Sherlock's and Sherlock was his.
"Sherlock, please stop!" John shouted. He stood in front of Sherlock trying once again to block his path.
When the laughter finally subsided he turned around and lay back down on Sherlock’s chest, content to lie in the warm water for a little longer. Sherlock held him tightly in his arms, unwilling to let go of John.
At first he told himself that he was waiting for the right woman to come along, afterwards he told himself that if he jumped into a serious commitment after coming out of a stressful event it wouldn’t be real, but after meeting Sherlock Holmes his life became one stressful event after another. As his feeling for his flatmate grew more than a little platonic he completely disregarded the thought of marriage. He always assumed he would be too busy, or the one person he would never be too busy for just wouldn’t be interested.
Darkness surrounded him and he felt the comforting presence of the chair beneath him again and the warmth of something soft being carefully folded into his hands. Seconds later, or what he judged to be seconds later, he heard his name being called. He felt a warm pressure on his shoulder, shaking him, calling him. Another call of his name. Louder. More insistent. He suddenly sat up, snapped back into consciousness.
"Don't stop!" the detective complained. But John just sat there, eyes roaming all over Sherlock. He felt a heat rising within him; not just pleasure but another sensation altogether. "John, what's wrong?" Sherlock asked, once John failed to move.
John took a deep breath before replying. "Need I remind you what you were doing before you passed out?"
The detective nodded encouragingly and John continued to remove his clothing until he was lying utterly naked and completely at John's mercy.
John slowly walked in, military tread in place, trying to keep his emotions in check. Ignoring Mycroft's offer to sit down he chose instead to stand in front of the desk where Mycroft had positioned himself. Before he had a chance to comment on the unexpected visit John decided to cut right down to business. "Where is he?"
"I agree. We've got plenty of time for that," John said and sat up in bed. He grabbed a pillow and placed it between his legs before motioning for Sherlock to lay his head on top of it. The detective looked confused for a second but quickly followed John's instructions.
“Alright, alright,” Lestrade conceded, raising his hands in surrender, “you shouldn’t be so cranky; it’s your birthday after all, enjoy it.”
He was afraid, so afraid that he would bring bad news. That he was about to tell them Sherlock hadn't made it, or that he was in a coma, or that there wasn't anything they could do. John felt the sudden urge to run out of the hospital screaming, he couldn't take it if the news were bad but the uncertainty and the glimmer of hope he had kept him in place.
There, the words they had never spoken. Never spoken, but always thought. Everything they felt for each other melted down into three simple little words. Three simple words that made John's heart clench. He'd never realised how much he had wanted to hear those words until this very second, and how important it was that he return them.
"Just stay still, Sherlock. Stop moving." Sherlock lay back down, now grasping John's hand as he took shallow breaths and tried his best not to pass out. "That's it," John urged, "You're doing great, just stay with me, Sherlock." Sherlock’s grip on John’s hands lightened slightly as he finally managed to breathe a little better, though it was still painful.
It came as a big surprise to John to find out that Sherlock was a snuggler. He'd never given much thought to the subject but he after waking up this morning he assumed that Sherlock would be gone. The detective had always been unable to stay still for very long, unless he was thinking, and became bored and restless between cases, but it seemed he was more than happy to spend his time in bed with John.
"I followed him out of the motel, even though the route he was taking was completely different, and into an alley which was conveniently away from any buildings or houses."
"They'll kill me if they find me in here," John said as Sherlock shuffled to the side in an attempt to make room for John.
The detective, in typical Sherlock fashion, rolled his eyes. "Oh, dull," he said, in his usual languid drawl.
Suddenly a look of pure joy settled itself on John’s face. He gently laid his hand on Sherlock’s cheek and the detective leaned into it. “I need you,” Sherlock said softly, kissing John once again. “I want you.”
"Is this what you had in mind for dessert?" John asked as Sherlock swiped his tongue over his neck and John groaned in satisfaction. He had a weak spot for Sherlock's tongue; the things that man did with it were beyond amazing.
They had been working on a case for the last week. It had been an especially difficult one and Sherlock hadn't slowed down since it started. He had spent most of his time at St. Bart's experimenting and after a week of non-stop investigating and deducing he had finally solved it. John had spent most of that time worrying about Sherlock, seeing as the consulting detective had no time for such mindless concerns as to those of his transport. He hadn't slept in the last four days and had barely eaten anything, claiming that digestion slowed him down and he needed to think.
He watched as she looked between him and the monitors, frowning when the drugs didn’t do what they should be doing. He could feel his breathing getting slower, but he wasn’t sure that was a good thing. If his lungs couldn’t get enough air, surely he should be making a bit more of an effort, but he was exhausted. He saw but didn’t feel the needle going into his hand, and watched as Lauren’s lips moved. He had no idea what she was saying.
"Well, the case isn't over yet so maybe you could bring him by again tomorrow, come with him to make sure he doesn't do anything stupid."
"I think it's my turn to take care of you tonight," Sherlock said and then finally took John in his mouth. John bucked his hips forward, moving himself further into Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock's position made it rather difficult for him to move so John did all the work. He thrust gently in and out of Sherlock's mouth, his hands white from all the pressure he was putting on the headboard. His head was hanging low, looking down at Sherlock, and when their eyes met John had to make a valiant effort not to lose control right then.
Mrs Hudson, who was still on the phone with a frantic John, couldn’t keep a whimper from leaving her mouth as she watched Sherlock being pulled onto the floor, dragging a litany of wires with him. The machine beeped incessantly now, Sherlock’s saturation levels having long since dipped below normal, even with the oxygen he was being provided.
"I was just enjoying the view," Sherlock replied before stepping into the shower and closing the curtain behind him. Once inside the shower John moved over so that Sherlock was underneath the spray of hot- or in Sherlock's assessment, scolding hot- water.
"Sherlock..." John started, already exasperated by the detective's attitude towards his own well-being.
John somehow managed to climb onto the bed without disturbing Sherlock or any of the apparatus he was connected to. He laid his arm across the pillow and Sherlock shuffled under it, laying his head on John's shoulder and holding John's free hand.
Sherlock huffed in annoyance at his own inability to go to sleep. He was exhausted but he just couldn't shut off. His mind kept whirling back and forth, taking in and deducing everything, even in the dark. He sat up suddenly, ready to get out of bed but felt John's arm reach out to him.
Sherlock still struggled with the concept of emotion sometimes, especially guilt. He'd never cared about anyone enough to elicit the emotion, but lately he found himself experiencing it often. The first time was when he saw the state John was in on Sherlock's birthday. He never thought John would be so affected by his death and seeing him in that state had hurt so much that he couldn't stay. He couldn't see the pain in John's eyes anymore, or deduce the fact that John had spent the day drinking by himself. It hurt too much to see John in that condition, but the next day had been even worse. He couldn't concentrate on anything and had found himself back at Baker Street, just waiting until John returned home.
John could see that Sherlock was feeling self-conscious so he hopped off the bed and went to the top drawer, quickly finding what he was looking for. Before he returned he slipped off his pants and looked up to see Sherlock unabashedly gazing up at him.
There hadn’t been any particular reason for keeping the details from Sherlock, but in a way it was John’s little present for him.
John stood by nervously as Sherlock slowly pealed the wrapping paper away from the box containing a brand new violin case. He didn’t know what else to get Sherlock aside from possibly some fresh organs, but that was usually Molly’s doing, and he wanted to get him something he could keep.
John sat up slightly, balancing himself on one elbow while he brought Sherlock down closer to him with the other. He kissed Sherlock, lightly at first, and then more passionately, pouring all the love and understanding and reassurance that he could into that kiss. Sherlock should know that John would never say no to him- to being with him- would never reject him. The thought was unfathomable.
"Would everyone just stop telling me to calm down!" John stopped dead in his tracks when he saw Sherlock scrunching his eyes and hissing in pain. He ran over to the bed and put his hand on Sherlock's shoulder. "What's wrong?"
John was always there to ground him. He wasn't afraid to talk to Sherlock and tell him he had done something wrong, he wasn't afraid to show his true self to the detective and most of all he was always there when Sherlock needed him, regardless of whether or not he wanted to admit it. Loyal John, always a warm and comfortable presence. He had now taken up permanent residence in Sherlock's mind palace and Sherlock had no intention of letting him go. After all, he'd be lost without his blogger.
John and Lestrade both shot him a disbelieving look. It was clear that he was not fine, and John was more than allowed to fret after everything that Sherlock had been through. But Sherlock was being Sherlock, as always, and refused to let any semblance of weakness show.
"Best, Valentine's, ever," John groaned out between thrusts. He slowly removed his head from Sherlock's shoulder and kissed him, lips lingering for a long time, just moving slowly across Sherlock's while Sherlock moved inside him.
Even though John wasn't a smoker he had tried it before. He walked over to the kitchen, used a match to light up the cigarette and took a long drag, filling his lungs, and then finally blowing the smoke out. He was accustomed to the feeling, but he didn't do it now out of pleasure, but rather as a comfort. It was his own, albeit extremely unhealthy, way to feel close to Sherlock again. They no longer solved crimes, he no longer blogged about it and Sherlock definitely no longer forgot his pants.
It wasn't an entirely new feeling. This kind of thing had happened before, but this time it felt different. Whenever Sherlock would act particularly reckless on a case and get himself injured John would always take care of him at home and Sherlock would often end up falling asleep on the nearest comfortable surface which sometimes happened to be John's bed. Those nights John would stay up and watch Sherlock for a few moments, making sure his friend was still alive and fighting the urge to run his hands through the detective's curls in a rare show affection which Sherlock would surely despise. This time, however, John didn't think that would be enough. He needed to reassure himself of his friend's presence, needed to feel Sherlock's pulse beneath his fingers as definite proof that he was really there, and really alive.
There was a warmth spreading throughout his body that was not due to John’s comforting touch. Sherlock tried to figure out what it was, and to figure out what exactly had happened, but he couldn’t remember much.
Sherlock being a light sleeper started shifting in bed. He moved upwards until his head rested on John's shoulder and the doctor started running his hands through the detective's curls. He felt Sherlock sighing against him. He closed his eyes, letting the sensation travel through his body. He felt calmer now that John was around. Somehow everything felt better when he was with John, which was why the last few months had been so hard for him to bear. John hadn't been the only one suffering.
Lestrade went to sit down in their living room while John went back upstairs to convince Sherlock to come down. When he walked into the living room Sherlock was still spread across the bed looking rather debauched. John pulled his shirt back on and adjusted his trousers to look more presentable, at the same time informing Sherlock of their visitor. After a few more pleas and threats on John's part Sherlock finally put on his clothes and went down to meet Lestrade.
Sherlock, as always, had settled himself rather comfortably around John with his head on John's shoulder and his left arm wrapped around his waist. John, in turn, settled his hand on top of Sherlock's and faintly whispered "Goodnight, Sherlock." before delivering a gentle kiss to the detective's temple.
He knocked before entering seeing as Sherlock was probably getting dressed. He'd text Mycroft after leaving the hospital the day before telling him that Sherlock was leaving and Mycroft had insisted on going to Baker Street to collect Sherlock's clothes so he was ready the next day by the time John arrived. John had insisted that he could take them to Sherlock in the morning but Mycroft didn't relent and John had a feeling he was just using the clothes as an excuse to see his brother again.
After their exhilarating and tiring session in the shower they found themselves lying comfortably under the covers of their bed. John had taken advantage of the fact that Sherlock's head was settled on his chest and kept running his hands through the detective's still damp curls. Sherlock seemed to love this, if the quiet satisfied sounds he was making were anything to go by.
"Today, as soon as you left for work, but Mrs Hudson gave me some cooking lessons last week," he admitted.
Matt removed the mask from Sherlock’s face, and relief flooded through everyone in the room when they heard Sherlock take a deep breath. It ended with a coughing fit which left him raspy and weak, but Lauren quickly placed the oxygen mask back over his face.
He quickened the pace and felt Sherlock gasp in pleasure. The moans, though still slightly muffled, were getting louder and louder as John pushed Sherlock to the very edge once again. Finally, Sherlock could no longer contain himself. Letting go of the sheets he grabbed the pillow and pulled it over his face muffling his moans as John brought him to the peak of excitement. As the shudders racking his body subsided and his breathing started evening out he threw the pillow to the bottom of the bed and sighed in contentment. He looked over at John who was sitting back on his heels, still positioned between Sherlock's legs, and smiled. Even though Sherlock had had these experiences before none of them compared to what he'd just had with John. Nothing and no one ever compared to John.
He felt his breathing becoming more and more accelerated until he was sure he really was hyperventilating. He put his head between his knees and attempted to calm himself down and tried to take deep breaths. After a while he felt his breathing return to a more acceptable rate and tried to get his thoughts in order. Sherlock was alive. John had seen him. John had hugged him.
It was then that John realized his eyes were closed. He slowly opened them and noted that the bottle of whisky was gone. A quick look around the room showed him that the currently half empty bottle was on the floor next to his chair, almost as if someone had pried it out of his hands and placed it there. He threw his head back on the chair and took a deep breath. What he heard next made his blood run cold.
Sherlock jumped out of bed and ran to the bathroom where he shouted for John to join in. After their shower they dressed quickly and John made breakfast while Sherlock made tea.
In the end Sherlock ended up staying curled up on the sofa, but John didn’t mind. He was starting to feel worried about Sherlock. He’d been on a case for the past five days which meant, as usual, that he’d barely eaten or slept, not properly anyway, and it was clearly getting to him. When he finally finished he took the plates over to Sherlock and sat down next to him watching telly.
Soon enough Sherlock felt himself drifting off. Not only had he not eaten for two days he hadn’t gotten much sleep either. He went to bed every night now, with John, which was a big improvement from the time when he used to spend days on end awake, just taking the occasional nap on the sofa.
"I don't want to sound like I'm controlling you, I just want you to take better care of yourself." John buried his head on Sherlock's shoulder and the detective wrapped his arms tightly around him.
Sherlock let the words hang in the air for a moment. He knew that his reply was going to cause uproar, but he also knew that John knew him well enough not to expect Sherlock to back down.
John hands were roaming over Sherlock's back, unhappy with the amount of clothes the detective was still wearing. Sherlock's tongue was in his mouth again, his left hand on the back of John's neck pushing him flush against the detective.
"Irrelevant." Sherlock remarked, before gathering the plates in the tray and carrying it all into the kitchen, but before he could make it to the door John interrupted him.
“Right,” John nodded. He sat back on his heels and poured some lube onto one of his fingers. When Sherlock saw what he was doing he brought his knees up and spread his legs slightly but his knees were still joined.
After Matt handed her the bag, she busied herself with setting up her equipment and, as always, the sight of a needle seemed to alarm everyone in the room.
Sherlock eyed the bottle of lube critically before nodding. John opened it and applied a generous amount to his fingers. "Lay down," he told Sherlock.
"Of course I did, you idiot," John replied affectionately and brought Sherlock over to the table where he was sat with his friends. "C'mon, I want you to meet some of the guys."
Sherlock looked taken aback only for a second and then his face split in a wide smile which showed just how satisfied he was with the knowledge that John was having a dream about the two of them. “And what exactly were we doing in that dream”?
He dropped a soft kiss on the detective’s lips before lying down next to him on the bed. “You’ll be alright, just try to get some sleep.”
Mycroft had, of course, been informed of the situation and had joined Lestrade and John at the hospital, much to John's surprise.
Sherlock was still slumped against him when John stopped and placed his hands on the detective’s shoulders, squeezing slightly to get his attention. “We should go, Lestrade’s waiting.”
Sherlock closed his eyes as soon as he felt John's lips on him and reveled in the touch. It had been years since he allowed anyone to comfort him, but after all the lonely, miserable months he spent away from John he allowed himself to accept the sentiment rather than push away.
There was no point in arguing, he really was tired after four consecutive days and nights spent working the case. Sighing, he got up and made his way to their room, John following closely behind him. Once there they both quickly changed into their pyjamas and slipped into bed. It wasn't often that they went to bed together; most nights Sherlock would stay up all night working on a case or simply take a quick nap on the sofa, but in those few occasions when they did John found that sleep dragged him under much more quickly.
"You're missing the point. I finally have a case, something to keep my mind occupied," he said. "Though you did a wonderful job earlier as well."
"I was waiting for my idiot boyfriend to realize he needs to sleep like the rest of us." Sherlock's and John's gazes met and they both smiled at the term. John continued, "Besides, I'm tired of going to bed alone."
"I like to think you keep me in shape," John said, and they both laughed as they made their way upstairs.
Sherlock willed himself to stop fidgeting, and slowly settled his hand on John’s knee. He waited, carefully watching John’s expression, and when his friend didn’t pull away from the touch Sherlock started edging closer. “Just one more thing,” he whispered. He was dangerously close to John, but even so he leaned further towards him, still watching for John’s reaction.
"They've started giving him oral medication," John replied, "it doesn't act as quickly as what he had before. I'm assuming that's it?"
John let go of his worries over Sherlock's state of mind and smiled broadly at him, finding his idea endearing, regardless of the reason behind it. "So, is this going to be out first date?"
A call of his name snapped him out of his thoughts. Mycroft was standing inside his office with the door open, wearing his usual three piece suit and politely disdainful smile. "What can I do for you, John?" he asked, signalling for John to join him in the room.
John sighed and made breakfast just for himself but still prepared some tea for Sherlock. It was the one thing he could convince him to have when he was working on a case. He left it on Sherlock's desk and start preparing himself for work.
Sherlock suddenly stopped. He felt dizzy and hot. Too hot even given the circumstances. He sat back of his heels and tried to look at John through his blurred vision.
Sherlock kept a close eye on the time, monitoring John for any physical change. The wound was no longer bleeding, John’s skin wasn’t as pale and his breathing was normal. Even so, Sherlock couldn’t relax entirely and paid more attention to John’s sleeping form than he did to the telly he had turned on, mostly for background noise.
The shock that passed over his brother's face at his honest and blatant plea would have been amusing had he not been so nervous. Mycroft signaled for Sherlock to come in and sit down before he closed the door and sat at his own desk. Sherlock, however, decided to start pacing the room in agitation instead of sitting down.
Sherlock was startled for a second as John suddenly came into his line of vision, only to be snapped back into action when the bat connected with John’s head instead of his own. John went down, crumpled on the floor, and Sherlock threw himself at the thief.
She seemed to think about it for a moment, glancing back and forth between the paramedics and Sherlock before deciding that he would be in good hands. “I’ll be right over there, my boy,” she said to Sherlock as she dropped a kiss on his forehead, to which he barely reacted. She tried not to let it alarm her. “I’m going to get John for you. He’ll be here in no time, you’ll see.”
Sherlock exited the room and closed the door behind him. He walked cautiously down to the main flat until he reached the kitchen where he knew John had hidden the bottle of whisky he had drunk on Sherlock's birthday. He took a swig straight from the bottle and felt it burn a path down his throat. It felt good, and he finally got a glass out of the cupboard and poured himself a drink. He took shot after shot, trying to numb the pain he felt, both physical and emotional. If John knew he would probably tell Sherlock that he should talk about it, and that was one of the reasons why he didn't want to, because if anyone could get him to talk, it was John.
"That would be lovely. He'll get bored just sitting at home and there's no way he's going back to work until that concussion's fully healed."
But Sherlock was not deterred. In between kisses he said, "Yes, I can see that." and started slipping his own dressing gown off of John when it became an obstruction to hot wet trail he was leaving down his body.
"John," Lestrade interrupted, "why don't you go get Sherlock's doctor, tell him he's awake, and I'll stay with him.
He walked over to Sherlock who had resumed his pacing and settled his hands over his brother's shoulders, effectively stopping him in place. In an extremely rare show of affection that neither would forget he embraced his brother lightly. "Congratulations, Sherlock."
They were both watching telly one night, John sitting on the sofa with Sherlock spread across it, his head on John's lap. The day had been a quiet one, as per usual, and after a short walk to the park, which Sherlock had endured under duress, they had dinner at Angelo's and returned home shortly afterwards.
"What?" Sherlock asked, worried that John had somehow ensured that Sherlock wouldn't be allowed out of his room, not that it would stop him but he would still rather not have to run away again, especially after seeing how upset John had been this time.
John caught his eye and grinned broadly. "I don't think either of us have to worry about endurance, do you?"
After finishing their respective tasks they settled back on the sofa in the same position as before. John wrapped the ice pack around a towel once again and gently placed it on Sherlock's ribs. The detective hissed slightly when the ice made contact but settle back comfortable on John's lap, his hand resting on the ice pack so that he could control its position.
Deciding that there was absolutely no point in hiding it from John anymore Sherlock finally confessed. “My head hurts. It’s been hurting all day, that’s why I stopped that experiment.”
The flat was teeming with memories of Sherlock. The bullet holes he'd shot into the wall when he was bored, the marks on the table, the case files that would never be reviewed... John felt overwhelmed by the memories once again and reached for the bottle only to realize he had left it in the kitchen. He got up and retrieved it before collapsing on his chair again. He had drunk more than he originally thought but the deep sadness he felt today engulfed him and he continued to drink. He felt like there was a hole in his chest; a Sherlock sized hole and there was nothing that could fill it. He clutched his Union Jack pillow, and he drank, and he cried, and he remembered.
"What do you want, Mycroft?" he asked, trying to prevent any vulnerability from seeping into his tone.
He was still looking out the window when he felt John come up behind him. The doctor wrapped his arms around the detective's waist and pressed himself closer. Sherlock took one last drag of his cigarette before stubbing it out on the outside of the window ledge and throwing it out the window. He then twisted himself around, his back to the open window, and wrapped his arms tightly around John's neck. He put his head on John's shoulder.
He ran his fingers slowly across Sherlock's ribs, careful not to hurt him, and then brushed his lips over them gently. "Do they still hurt?"
Matt was preparing to tape down the IV once it was ready, but he looked up at her. “What’s your name, sweetheart?”
He crawled his way back up Sherlock’s body, his hands roaming over his thighs, and started littering his navel with kisses.
When the laughter subsided John picked himself up and helped Sherlock off the floor. As soon as he did so Sherlock threw him down on the bed and climbed on top of him, a wide grin plastered on his face.
But he'd finally been able to get John to go home after a little convincing and the promise of looking after Sherlock while he was away. Lestrade had been sitting by his bedside for the last six hours. Luckily all he had to do today was paperwork which he had delivered at the hospital so he could work and look after Sherlock at the same time. It seemed John had been more tired than he claimed, but Lestrade was relieved that John was still at home, hopefully asleep. There wasn't much either of them could do at the hospital, not until Sherlock woke up anyway, at which point John would be the best person to have at the hospital because Sherlock would be fighting to go home the second he woke up.
Sherlock pouted but acquiesced. He could tell that John was getting impatient as well but cared too much about not wanting to hurt Sherlock that he was not going to skip any of the preparation. Sherlock felt a rush of something warm passing over him. John, despite his usual protestations about Sherlock’s behaviour, truly cared and worried for him. He couldn’t say that about many people in the world.
"Come on, let's get you to bed." He said as he attempted to drag Sherlock out of his chair and towards their room.
John continued moving in and out, alternating between long, languid thrusts and quicker more intense ones, trying to prolong Sherlock's pleasure. A particularly well-aimed thrust had Sherlock shouted in elation. Never had he felt a sensation quite the same as that and he wanted to feel it again. Noting Sherlock's response John aimed for the exact same spot over and over again, increasing his tempo and intensity the closer he got to his release.
John cupped Sherlock's face with his hands and brought it up to meet his own. Sherlock's gaze settled on John and he felt butterflies in his stomach at the sheer intensity of it; at the unadulterated and fierce need in his eyes.
"It wasn't, Lestrade. He's back and I'm going to find him now." He heard Lestrade sigh on the other end and interrupted him before he could say anything. "Look, I know what it sounds like, I really do. Just give me today. I will find him and then you'll see that I'm right."
“It’s alright, Sherlock. Don’t worry, I’m here,” he said as he went back to stroking Sherlock’s back soothingly, “I’m here and I’ll look out for you. It’s not like it was before, you have me now.”
Hours later, as they lay in bed ready to fall asleep again with Sherlock cocooned under John's arm and their hands joined together on top of John's chest, they both finally seemed to realize how utterly content they would be to just lay in each other’s arms for the rest of their lives. A realization that sparked something in Sherlock's mind, as realizations often did.
“Yeah, of course,” John grabbed hold of the monitor, sneaking a peak at the readings more often than was strictly necessary. The paramedics carefully manoeuvred Sherlock down the stairs, trying not to bump into any of the tight corners of the building.
Everyone waited with baited breath as Sherlock seemed to slowly come back to life. He blinked up at John, his eyes still slightly glazed, and gave him a weak semblance of a smile before shutting them. A strangled laugh left John’s mouth, the anxiety and fear of the last few minutes still making him tense. “You’re okay, Sherlock,” he said as he stroked the detective’s face. “God, you scared me.”
Sherlock looked up, surprised at John's observation. Of course he was still here. John was here, so of course he was here as well. "Where else would I be?"
It was then that the doorbell rang and John decided to give Sherlock the time he had asked for. "I'll be right back."
"No!" John cut him off sharply. "Listen to me. Will you listen?" Sherlock nodded. "Those men would have killed anyone who got in their way. It just happened that you were there to witness it. Regardless of what you did or what you said they couldn't let that boy walk out of there alive. He saw their faces, he was a liability. You know the kind of people Moriarty hired. They killed him and left you for dead, and no matter what you did nothing would have changed."
“You were there,” Sherlock said again, more firmly this time, “you distracted me from the pain and you took care of me. Thank you.”
"Shit. I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, Sherlock," he pleaded as he kissed Sherlock softly in the temple, "I was just so worried about you when I didn't see you, why did you go there?"
Instead of replying, Sherlock sucked at John's neck with intensely, effectively clearing John's mind from any thought aside from Sherlock's mouth and his magnificent tongue.
"Yeah, I'm sorry about that. I just..." he cleared his throat, trying to hide his embarrassment over what happened the previous night. "It was a tough day. And hmm, thank you for checking up on me."
John nodded eagerly. He could feel the progress Sherlock’s hands were making around his body and he felt the thrum of excitement building up. He still couldn’t quite believe this was happening, that after so long dancing around each other they had finally admitted that there was more between them than just friendship. And, God, was he glad they had finally given in.
After their late breakfast they both got dressed and went to the park. The day was relatively sunny- as sunny as London could be- and John insisted that they go out for at least an hour. Regardless of his insistence that he wasn’t expecting anything John had booked a table for them at a restaurant which he managed to steer Sherlock towards during their walk without raising suspicion.
Sherlock felt suddenly empty as John removed his fingers from within him. He was about to protest when he realised what John was doing.
Mycroft's eyes snapped up at John's declaration. He opened his mouth as if to speak and then closed it again without saying anything. This struck John as odd as he'd never seen Mycroft hesitant about anything before. His personal query was answered at Mycroft's next words. "He's really alive then. I wasn't sure," he mused, more to himself than to John.
The noises from the outside world and the light brought him back to consciousness and he stared down at the peaceful face of one Sherlock Holmes. He could never get tired of watching him like this. It was one of the very rare occasions where Sherlock looked truly relaxed. Even when they were laying on the sofa quietly John could tell Sherlock was always thinking and it showed on the twitch of his lips or the nearly imperceptible narrowing of his eyes. Now though, his muscles were completely relaxed, all soft features and sharp bones. John thought he'd never seen anything so beautiful; a contradiction.
“Shh, I know, Sherlock,” John said, bringing his hand up to cup the detective’s face, “I’m okay, there’s nothing to worry about.”
"Yes," John replied, thankful for the change of subject, "I looked for him all afternoon and when I came home I found him here, just waiting for me."
"Oh, Sherlock," John breathed, touched and surprised at all the trouble Sherlock had gone through. He had never seen Sherlock do anything like this, but now he finally understood why. It also explained the odd questions and the missing food, which was a relief.
John’s eyes snapped open just in time to see Sherlock looming over him. He looked scared. His muscles were tense, his lower lip was trembling and his eyes were watery.
“You didn’t honestly think you were going to spend your birthday at home, did you?” Before John had a chance to answer Lestrade shoved John’s coat at him and nearly pushed him out the door.
At that moment John started stirring. Sherlock knew that the second John woke up he would let go of his hand so he braced himself for the disappointment.
"Cocaine," Sherlock admitted. It wasn’t exactly what he’d needed, but it was the only thing he could safely get his hands on. He knew there was no point lying to John. John always knew, and lying about it would just make him angry and even more upset than he already was.
Sherlock nodded, utterly unable to respond verbally, not with what John was doing to him right now. It was an exquisitely pleasurable sensation and he couldn't stop thinking about the fact that it was going to get even better.
John tried to tell himself that over and over again as he saw a tired looking doctor directing himself towards them.
"I..." Sherlock hesitated, "I just wondered if you'd changed your mind after what I did this past month."
There were times when Sherlock's clear distaste for everyone's 'funny little brains' irritated John. Not because they affected him personally, he knew that his mind could never work like Sherlock's, but he always hoped that Sherlock would be more tactful in his responses. It was one of the many things that had changed since Sherlock's return. He hadn't changed at all when it came to working with the Yard- especially Donovan and Anderson- but when he was around the house and John was being particularly ignorant about something Sherlock would call him out on it with a smirk playing at his lips, instead of with irritation in his voice. John thought that maybe Sherlock had missed correcting him while he had been away, alone, traveling the world and hunting down criminals, but they didn't speak about that time anymore.
Molly ended up staying for nearly two hours. Sherlock was pleased with the company, as was Molly, and they spent most of the time discussing Sherlock's deductions of the staff and patients they could see until Sherlock's doctor came in and told him they were about to remove his chest tube.
Sherlock had now officially moved into John's room. It seemed logical seeing as they had spent every night together since Sherlock's return and the room upstairs provided them with more privacy. Even so, Sherlock had been curious as to what state his own room was in, and walking in one day he noticed that nothing, not a single thing, had changed at all, something he had enquired John about as soon as he had noticed it.
It had been hours since Sherlock had been brought it, or at least it seemed like hours. Sylvia and her son had come in at one point and asked John how Sherlock was, but he hadn’t said anything. Lestrade had told them what little they knew and after expressing her gratitude for what Sherlock had done they had both left. John only acknowledged their presence long enough to see that the young boy was fine. Sherlock had saved him. He couldn't concentrate on anything apart from the fact that he wasn't with Sherlock. That he didn't know what was going on and that he couldn't help. He could have been sitting here for just five minutes for all he knew, just staring at the wall and hoping that Sherlock would make it.
John felt his breath catch in his throat when he saw the position Sherlock was in. It was like before the fall, when Sherlock would sit in his chair thinking and deducing away. The image that John never thought he would see again was happening right before his eyes and it filled him with happiness.
John got up from the sofa and stretched before joining Sherlock in the kitchen. “There are some leftovers in the fridge. I’ll take care of it.”
Sherlock didn’t seem to realise the implication of what he had just said. John sat with his mouth hanging slightly open as he listened to Sherlock rationalising John’s presence.
“Do you still want to take the tablets?” John asked. He didn’t want to force Sherlock into anything, but the suggestion alone would tell Sherlock that John thought he should, and he hoped that would get him to say yes.
Sherlock let go of John and cupped his face and in his hands, bringing his lips to his own in one deep long kiss. When he let go he left his hands in place and rested his forehead on John’s, their breaths mingling in their close proximity.
Lestrade chuckled, amused at Sherlock's attempt to change the subject. He knew that Lestrade wasn't happy with what he'd done, he wasn't as angry as John, of course, but he still intended on saying something to Sherlock.
When morning came he quietly left the bed once again to prepare breakfast. John was still out to the world when Sherlock returned to the bedroom but the scent of coffee seemed to awaken him.
At that moment Mycroft walked back in with a nurse and Sherlock's doctor. "That's something to be discussed, brother dear."
John felt his heart clench. This was as close as Sherlock Holmes would come to asking for help. "Come here," he said, and pulled Sherlock down to his chest, his hands cupping the back of his head. He laid a kiss atop Sherlock's head, grabbed him by the shoulders and pulled him back slightly, forcing Sherlock to face him. "We can get through this, you and me, together. But I need you to talk to me, Sherlock. Please."
"Good morning," John said, looking down at Sherlock with a smile on his face. "No nightmares tonight."
"As if you didn't do that on purpose." It wasn't the first time that they had left marks on the others body, but John had no way of hiding this one. Sherlock's hips were often marked with John's fingers, as were his thighs but then John could never resist marking Sherlock's pale skin.
“It’s not like she doesn’t know what we do in here, John,” Sherlock said, as though reading his mind.
“For today, it was perfect,” John replied, “I got to spend time with you, I got to have a few drinks with my mates, and now I have you for the rest of the night.”
Sherlock opened his eyes slightly and the first thing he saw was John laying on his side facing him, his hand outstretched towards the detective. John's eyes bore into him with a fierce intensity, as if John was afraid that Sherlock would disappear if he looked away. In that moment his thoughts took an unexpected turn. He could very easily get used to waking up to this everyday. He'd never felt as close to someone as he did to John and the realization that maybe what he felt for his flatmate was more than friendship had been creeping up on him for a few months before his suicide. And now was the time to act on those feelings, to take a leap of faith and show John how he truly felt.
John fretted while he waited. He prepared his tea and then settled for watching some telly while he waited for Sherlock to reply. Thankfully he didn't have to wait too long.
Mycroft walked slowly over to the chair next to Sherlock and sat down. "I'm merely inquiring into your well-being, you know how I worry."
It was only then that John became conscious of how little clothing he was wearing. "It's in my room, I was just about to have a shower," he replied unconvincingly.
And for a second John was floored. Not because Sherlock had, literally, just opened himself up to him, but because of the look of complete and utter trust on the detective’s face. Even if Sherlock hadn’t voiced it out loud John could see that Sherlock trusted him unconditionally.
"So you never thought about marriage before, not with any of the abundant collection of girlfriend's you've had in the past?"
“We’re going to give you oxygen and some medication to help with your breathing. But before that I need to listen to your lungs, okay?”
In the distance he could hear muffled whimpers and he shot out of bed, only taking time to put on his dressing gown before running straight to the bathroom where the sound seemed to be coming from.
John was proven right not five minutes later when the thief came to a sudden stop in an alleyway not ten minutes from Baker Street.
He'd intended on making it over here earlier but had been working late at the Yard going over some paperwork. He knew today would be rough for John but he hadn't expected anything like this. John had been adamant that he'd seen Sherlock, but that was impossible. Lestrade spotted the half empty bottle on the floor. Sighing he turned around, ready to head out again. He had to talk to John about what happened, but that would have to wait until tomorrow. Now there was nothing else he could do for his friend. Looking back at John one last time he quietly left the flat, closing the door behind him.
John never thought he would see Sherlock like this, so pliant, so submissive, but John seemed to have that effect on him. When John was around Sherlock was always a little more careful with his words- a little more human- if only because John would call him out on it, but this was completely different. This was Sherlock Holmes completely bare, stripped of his usual defences. Everything was out in the open for John to see. The wanton desire, the pleasure, the need.
There was one thing though, that John had fervently insisted that Sherlock needed to promise; that he would be exceedingly cautious about losing or damaging his wedding ring. To this day Sherlock hadn’t had to remove it once.
"I will, and I have. I just got distracted today. I've been sitting around here for weeks not doing anything, I just needed a case!"
It was clear that Lestrade wanted John out of the room, for one reason or another. "I don't know what you're going to say, but be nice," he warned, before squeezing Sherlock's hand in reassurance and kissing the top of his head.
He could feel heat all around him and hear the screeching yell of sirens and people. Through the haze of his own thoughts he heard someone shout
How lucky Sherlock had been that John had only been a few streets away. Had gotten there just in time. Had managed to mostly catch Sherlock as he jumped out the window of a burning building.
He woke up early and took a quick shower before fixing himself a cup of tea. He didn't make one for Sherlock because he was still asleep, and John hoped he stayed that way because he still needed his rest. Before leaving he quickly nipped upstairs to kiss Sherlock goodbye, and even though he tried to be quiet Sherlock started stirring in bed.
"I don't think so. Does that mean you'll actually come with me when I go shopping?" John asked hopefully.
"That was amazing, John! Did you feel it? You must have, of course you did," Sherlock said as he paced around the living room still wearing his coat and scarf.
They walked slowly, hand-in-hand, until they reached Angelo's where they were lead to a corner table, away from most clients, and John was glad for the privacy. Angelo, who didn't seem at all surprised to find out that Sherlock was alive, brought a candle over to their table and winked at John before leaving; this time he didn't protest.
It had been tough the last couple of days for John to watch Sherlock lying motionless in bed with wires and a chest tube protruding from his body. As a doctor he knew that they were necessary, and he knew that Sherlock was going to be okay, but he needed to see him awake. He couldn't stop reliving the moment the car hit Sherlock and all the fear and pain that had gone through him. He thought he'd lost Sherlock for good this time.
“I know, me neither,” John replied. He hooked his fingers under Sherlock’s pants and started pushing them down his body.
She had been polite and helpful with him as always, and then even managed to talk while they worked and Sherlock hadn't found it dull at all. Perhaps that was because they were talking about John. When he told John he was going to see Molly the doctor had suggested that he tell Molly about their relationship as she had the right to know. Sherlock had done so and was relieved to see that she didn't seem hurt or likely to burst into tears. Instead she had smiled brightly up and him, congratulated him and even hugged him.
John shivered a little; he was enjoying it, he most definitely was, and that was his fear. That he would enjoy it too much, that they would both enjoy it too much and end up doing something that they probably shouldn't be doing quite just yet. Sherlock had only just come back and already they couldn't let go of one another.
John nearly lost his balance as Sherlock wrapped both his legs around John’s hips. “Give me a bit of warning next time.”
He started leaving a trail of kisses down John's neck, taking special care when he reached his pulse point. John squirmed under his ministrations and tried to control his breathing, but the detective was making short work of his composure and soon John was struggling to contain a moan as Sherlock nipped and sucked at his neck.
John was frozen in place, shock completely overtaking his body at the view in front of him. He had never even entertained the possibility that Sherlock might have come back to Baker Street. He assumed he would have been hiding out somewhere, but he never thought Sherlock would come back home. He'd spent the entire day roaming around London looking for him, ready to confront him about everything that had happened that dreadful day, but now that he was here John didn't know what to do. His best friend was asleep on his bed and the only thing going through John's mind right now was an overwhelming urge to join him. To just lay in bed with Sherlock, to convince himself that he really was here and that this wasn't just another dream.
John, being a doctor, knew that rest was the best thing for Sherlock at the moment, but something inside him wouldn't let him rest. Lestrade assumed it was because of what had happened at St. Bart's. Sherlock's death had hit them all hard, but John had suffered the most. Not only because he was the closest to Sherlock but also because he had been there. Sherlock's accident now must have dredged up all those memories and John was on full-alert.
He snapped his head towards the call of his name to see Lestrade hovering over him with a cup of coffee in his hand, which he prompted John to take.
Sherlock huffed in annoying but complied. It was obvious that John was being serious, and he didn't want John to leave. But there was something he wanted to say, a request he daren't ask for fear of showing his weakness. He was still afraid of having nightmares, and John had been the only thing that had been able to keep them at bay. Sherlock was sure that he would only be able to chase the dreams away if John stayed in with him.
"Where else would I go?" John smiled softly at the detective, his panic slightly less now that Sherlock could breathe. "John?"
"I finally tracked him down to a small town and went to confront him. I thought it would be simple. I would find him, take him to the... agency I'd be working with, and then I'd be free to go after the rest of them, but it wasn't. I got my own room and surveyed him, learned his habits so I could go after him."
When Sherlock noticed that John had fallen asleep on the sofa he walked over to him and wrapped a blanket tightly around the doctor. He didn't want to wake him up and drag him to bed. John had been busy between work and Sherlock, and now Sherlock's work, and he hoped that John would be able to catch up on his sleep this weekend.
Sherlock's head lay in John's lap, his legs stretched and his feet dangling off the edge of the bed. John himself was nearly sitting up against the headboard, his hands resting on Sherlock's soft curls. The night before, after Sherlock found John at the pub, had been spent entirely in bed where they had stroked and kissed every inch of the others body, reveling in the sensations under their fingertips and the sounds elicited from lips muffled by the soft sheets and pillows.
When they finally broke apart Sherlock rested his forehead against John’s, eyes open, staring intensely into his husband’s. “I’m never leaving you again, John. I love you.”
By the second week Sherlock was absolutely climbing the walls in boredom. He needed a case! He couldn't just sit around the flat all day doing nothing, it was going to drive him crazy. John had suggested many different things Sherlock could do which mostly included reading or cleaning the flat, neither of which Sherlock seemed inclined to do.
"I'm not sure yet," replied John, "but I'll need to ask the doctor as soon as possible because I know Sherlock's going to be climbing the walls in a few hours."
By the time John was standing up, leaning heavily against Sherlock, Lestrade and his team had finally arrived.
John woke up, as usual, to the sound of morning London. He heard sirens and car horns in the distance and realized that morning had come and he still had Sherlock Holmes in his arms. A feeling of overwhelming happiness engulfed him and he smiled broadly to himself, but faithful to his ever restless nature driven by his curiosity he started shifting in bed with excitement of what today would bring. He would finally find out what had happened all those months ago,and what finally brought Sherlock back to him. If he was honest with himself he was more nervous than excited for the discovery, but after he had all the facts they could finally start building their life back up again. John was taking the fact that Sherlock hadn't run off again last night when John joined him in bed as a sign that maybe Sherlock felt something for him as well.
John stood up and crossed the small distance between the two armchairs before straddling Sherlock and wrapping his arms around the detective. “It was beautiful, I couldn’t have asked for anything better. Thank you.” He pulled back and kissed Sherlock on the lips, his hands quickly moving to the back of the detective’s head to find the right angle to deepen the kiss. Sherlock’s tongue met his and soon the room was filled with little moans being pulled out of John.
The relief that had come from finally asking John to marry him was quickly replaced with sheer and utter panic after John didn’t reply. He just sat there looking completely dumbfound and not moving a single muscle.
“Nothing’s wrong,” Sherlock reassured him, seeing John’s guarded expression. He took a seat next to him. “I just wanted to say thank you, for saving my life again.”
"Oh, that," Sherlock tried to dismiss, "Mrs Hudson needed something for her dinner and I told her to take whatever she needed."
They both sat there, frozen, staring intently into one another's eyes while John held Sherlock by the arms. He briefly wondered if they were moving too quickly before thinking back to all the time they spent apart and the slow build up of their relationship. He'd waited long enough. John hesitated only slightly before leaning forwards and kissing Sherlock right on the lips, effectively shutting him up. Much like John, Sherlock hesitated only for a moment before returning the kiss.
Sherlock moved his hands over John's back again and again, putting pressure and massaging every muscle and working away at the pulled one. Once he was satisfied it was as good as it was going to get he started working on John's neck and his shoulders, applying the same attention.
John moved his hand agonizingly slowly down Sherlock's chest and sneaked it between Sherlock's legs. The detective gasped in pleasure and arched his back slightly which drove him further into John's hand.
Suddenly Sherlock got up and made for the door, grabbing his coat on the way. "We're going out," he declared, and walked out, barely giving John time to get his own coat and follow him.
He lay his head down on the pillow, Sherlock's dressing gown wrapped tightly around him, and drew the covers up and within a few short minutes was sound asleep.
One of the paramedics started grabbing equipment and turning on beeping machines, while the other kneeled in front of their patient. “Hello, Sherlock. I’m Lauren and this is Matt,” she introduced, all the while observing Sherlock’s breathing and taking his pulse. “Can you tell me if this has happened before?”
“Well, maybe not all of it,” John laughed. Sherlock had looked truly terrified when he had spotted Mrs Hudson. It was a bit like getting caught by his mum, after all. “Were you too distracted to deduce that she hadn’t left yet?” John teased.
"I do know, but if anything like that happens he's going to need you home to look after him. You won't be able to find him now, John. He'll come home to you when he's ready."
“That feels so good,” Sherlock moaned. His legs felt like jelly and he was slightly concerned about how well they would hold him up if John kept going. So he grabbed hold of John’s hair and pulled lightly, guiding John’s lips up to his own once again.
Sherlock seemed to relax from his frantic state and sank back into the sofa. “I dreamed that I couldn’t wake you up. You just slept and slept and no matter what I did you wouldn’t come back to me.”
"Guess I'm not exciting enough for you then," John said as he slipped off his jacket. He watched in amusement as Sherlock stopped his pacing and turned to look at him, mouth agape.
Sherlock resigned himself to the fact that he had to tell John his story. "I was in France," he started, "going after one of Moriarty's men. I'd been chasing him from country to country for weeks but I kept losing him. I had to find him before he discovered I was alive and carried out his orders. He was the one assigned to take out Lestrade, and I was afraid he would go back to London to kill him, or worse, that he would reveal my secret and you and Mrs Hudson would die as well."
He got in the shower and sighed heavily as the hot water hit his aching muscles, relaxing him. For a few seconds he was able to forget the worry of the last few days and simply shut off. No thinking, no worrying, just some much needed peace and quiet.
Sherlock was surprised to enjoy the quieter days with John, but then so much surprised him about John. How he could look so innocent and be so deadly, how mundane he looked on the outside but how exquisite he was on the inside, how he accepted for Sherlock for who he was but couldn't tolerate a single bad comment being thrown his way. Everything about John surprised him, and he was more than happy to spend the rest of his life being surprised.
John woke up the next morning with a pounding in his head. He closed his eyes against the light shining in through the windows and stretched as far as he could manage, trying to work the kinks out of his muscles. He decided that staying on the sofa quietly for a few more minutes was his best course of action, and as he lay there he tried to make sense of what happened last night. Not surprisingly he didn't remember much. He remembered coming home and grabbing a bottle of whisky. He remembered smoking a cigarette and drinking and very vaguely remembered seeing Lestrade. Aside from that everything was a haze of alcohol and sadness, but then it was unlikely much else had happened anyway.
And so it was only a few seconds later that he felt himself being dragged under to unconsciousness. His mind finally quiet, he was able to fall asleep.
John grabbed the duvet and, hugging Sherlock from behind, cocooned the two of them within. “Is that better?”
It was now, five hours later, that John finally realized how much he'd missed this. The rush of adrenaline that came from the chase was exhilarating and he was glad he could share it with Sherlock again.
Sherlock moved his hands accordingly and John groaned in pain as he massaged the sore muscle. He stopped suddenly, spun John around and kissed him. "Get the tea, go upstairs and wait for me," Sherlock said.
Sherlock sighed in resignation. It was clear that John was not going to let this go, and maybe he could get him through this. He knew if anyone could, it was John.
He knew it would please John, and it certainly pleased Molly. He had grown to appreciate her after she helped him fake his death and even though she knew he was alive she had still been quite surprised when he had showed up at the lab while he was working on Mycroft's case.
It was clearly what she needed to hear. She finally looked up at him and smiled widely, "Oh, that's good to know and I just didn't want to impose when I came here. Like I said, I just wanted to make sure you were alright. Maybe I should leave now." She grabbed her bag and was about to get up when Sherlock's arm shot out and grabbed her wrist.
He was pleased when he noted John leaning closer and closer to him, both men meeting somewhere in the middle.
Before he could talk himself out of it Sherlock closed the distance between them and softly touched his lips to John’s.
John pulled away from the hug to marvel once again at everything Sherlock had done. He hadn't entirely forgotten it was Valentine's Day but he wasn't sure whether or not Sherlock wanted to celebrate and since he was working that day he decided that they would just have a quiet evening in. But it seemed Sherlock had other plans, and had taken care of everything himself.
He tried to stay conscious, knowing that as soon as he gave up so would his lungs, but it was becoming impossible. Every breath was wrenched out of his chest painfully as his airway constricted further and further, his lungs trying to scrape along without oxygen. He coughed around the mask, watching as it fogged less and less. He drifted off and thought of John.
“Where is it?” John asked as he stumbled out of the bed. Sherlock’s semi-naked form and his eagerness were getting to him, and he was more than ready.
They spent the remainder of the afternoon- or what little was left of it- eating the food John had made for them. At some point the tray was discarded on the floor and the whipped cream was pulled out. Sherlock squirted it all over John's body and then licked it slowly and diligently, enjoying the taste in his mouth and John's little moans of pleasure as Sherlock's tongue darted out and made contact with his skin.
He vowed to himself to be more careful from now on. If one small concussion could bring his mind down with worry he couldn’t imagine what John would have felt like when he was in his position.
Even though John thrived on the rush of adrenaline provided by their cases he was more than happy with the calm that had settled over 221B.
Thankfully there was a knock at the door that interrupted any insult that Sherlock might be ready to direct his way. The detective snapped out of his sulk immediately and ran down the stairs. "I got it!" he shouted, before John even managed to walk back into the living room from the kitchen where he'd been preparing an early dinner.
He felt Sherlock thrust his hips in time with John's in an unspoken request for John to go faster. And so he did. He quickened the pace, slipping in and out of Sherlock with ease, each thrust bringing a wave of earth-shattering pleasure to both of them.
But Sherlock wouldn’t move, only to shake his head. “Please, you know it’ll help. I hate seeing you like this.”
Sherlock, who always reacted to praise, simply lay there with a nervous smile on his face. He was used to John complimenting his mind, calling him brilliant and amazing and a genius. But he couldn’t remember the last time someone had called him beautiful.
John stood up on shaky legs and started waking towards Sherlock. "You're here," he whispered, in a wistful tone.
John narrowed his eyes at Sherlock, trying to decipher whether or not he was being serious, but the barely contained smile told John that he was, in fact, joking. "Is that a challenge?" John asked, slowly advancing towards Sherlock.
John knew he wouldn't be able to get anything else out of Sherlock. He couldn't blame him for being out on a case even though John had told him not to. Sherlock had been home from the hospital for two weeks now and had only worked on old case files, an actual case with a crime scene must have been too appealing for him to say no.
After his chest tube was removed Sherlock finally felt free. There was nothing connected to him that he would get in too much trouble for disconnecting and he could finally walk around. And seeing as John wasn't here yet he decided to do just that. There was only one problem with that. Sherlock didn't tell anyone where he was going so when John got to the hospital and saw the empty bed he panicked.
"Oh please, as if you didn't already know that. Now, are you going to answer my question or continue to bore me?"
Many of the things he had learnt would probably be deemed unimportant by most, but to John they meant everything. Sherlock Holmes, the most reserved and mysterious man he knew had chosen to share his life with him in every way possible and he was grateful. No matter how unconventional Sherlock could be John had grown rather fond of his idiosyncrasies. In fact, he intended to explore one of his favourite ones this morning. As it turned out Sherlock was completely unable to resist an invitation to have sex in the shower. This had often become a vital distraction when Sherlock didn't have any cases to keep him occupied, and John was about to test how effective it still was.
“Yes, you do,” Sherlock confirmed and slid one arm under John’s back and the other under his knees and, bringing himself to a standing position, carried a surprised John Watson up the stairs.
"Alright then." John let go of Sherlock and went to the kitchen to make some tea and breakfast. "Have you eaten anything yet?"
"Would you mind telling John what's going on before you leave? He'll start worry if I don't answer and I really want to get this thing off me as soon as possible," he said pointing at the chest tube.
Their lips met once again in a quick kiss and they wrapped their arms around each other, John's chin resting on Sherlock's head which was lying against John's chest. After a brief squeeze they detached themselves, Sherlock sitting back on his heels on the bed.
“No, I’m staying here. Go out, have fun. I’ll be here when you get back,” he said reassuringly and kissed John lightly before nudging him towards the waiting Lestrade.
There had been many times when John Watson had thought about marriage. When he got his first girlfriend he wondered if they would remain together long enough to contemplate the union, when his sister got married he started questioning whether or not he would ever do the same and as he lay bleeding surrounded by gunfire he resigned himself to the fact that maybe marriage just wasn’t in the cards for him.
They both moved fluidly around the kitchen. John went back to his post by the stove as Sherlock got two plates and some cutlery out of the corresponding cupboard and drawer and placed them next to the stove. He grabbed the two mugs of tea and took them over to table. He was joined by John not a minute afterwards with two plates of food which they promptly started eating.
“I thought she’d already left,” Sherlock continued. He still looked a little dazed. “She saw all of that, didn’t she?”
“We’ll have to wait and see.” Sherlock turned around, arms thrown around John and head buried in the crook of his neck. “Are you feeling any better?”
Deciding that the detective had suffered long enough John let go of Sherlock’s cock and instead grabbed his thigh and lifted it over his own shoulder. Now he really started moving, going as deep as he could manage and as quickly as they could both take it.
It blew swiftly across his face, and he took a moment to appreciate the fresh air. It felt like years since he’d been outside of the confining hallways of the hospital, but in fact it had only been a few days.
John sighed in relief. "Thanks for staying with him," he said, as he sat down on the chair on the opposite side of Sherlock.
Sherlock felt his hands shaking and curled them into fists. John, noticing his distress, reached out and wrapped his hands around Sherlock's fists and smiled encouragingly, urging him to continue his story.
"Alright, give me a minute!" John quickly slipped his jacket on and ran down the stairs to meet Sherlock who was already hailing a cab.
He spoke quietly, having just been roused by a very pleasant feeling on his neck. "John, what are you doing?"
Without needing to be told twice the detective went back to sleep, nuzzling John’s neck from behind.
Before Sherlock had time to really start panicking John looked down and held Sherlock’s right hand, which had been laying stiffly by his side. He placed a gentle kiss on their intertwined hands before leaning closer to Sherlock and finally, painfully slowly, entering him.
"John," Mycroft called out, trying to get the man's attention again, "tell me everything that happened."
John sighed but didn’t argue any further. Sherlock’s neck was in his direct line of sight and he was more than a little distracted.
He couldn't wait to go back to Baker Street. He hated being in the hospital, though he recognized how necessary it may have been. He didn't like the fact that when he was in the hospital his every move was controlled by a number of doctors and nurses who told him to sleep all the time, and worse, dictated when he could see John. Being away from John was the worst part about being stuck in a hospital. Even though he spent most of his time here with Sherlock it was different than being in the comfort of their own home stretched across their sofa watching telly or discussing a case, though his current position definitely made him feel more at home than anything he'd done while at the hospital.
All the while John was watching him and his mouth fell open comically when Sherlock revealed a ring. When the detective sat back down he looked up at John smiling widely and picked up his hand, holding it gently in his own.
Tense minutes passed while the three gazed between Sherlock and the monitors, Mrs Hudson forgotten for the moment as she sobbed quietly in the corner. Minutes when Matt squeezed the bag less often, when the machine beeped a bit more steadily, when Sherlock’s chest rose and fell a little more often.
"Marriage. Why do people get married if they don't intend on staying faithful for any length of time?" As he spoke he opened his eyes and stared intently at John, trying to gauge John's attitude.
John's heart melted at Sherlock's words. Not only did he overlook the fact that Sherlock himself had been hurt and had saved the boy's life, all he pointed out was the fact that it had upset John. "You saved someone's life, Sherlock, and you survived. That's all that matters to me."
John did as he was told and when he reached the bedroom he got dressed in his pyjamas and waited for Sherlock to come back. He'd been enjoying the massage but he was reluctant to ask Sherlock for help so he just lay down in bed and tried to get comfortable.
The scene around them spoke of how the last few moments must have gone for their patient. A dressing gown and blanket lay carelessly discarded on the sofa. The coffee table was housing an untouched tray of tea and biscuits as well as several empty glasses of water. Even more tellingly, next to the tray sat a blue inhaler, probably long since effective, and a mobile flashing with unanswered calls from someone named John.
He looked down to see John’s hand wrapped tightly around his own bandaged one. John was asleep, sitting in an uncomfortable looking hospital chair and slumped over Sherlock’s bed.
“What is it, Sherlock?” John asked, concerned. Hesitation was not a usual trait in the great Sherlock Holmes.
She received no response, though he was still breathing. If only just. “Matt, I need the adrenaline. And we need to get him on the floor,” she stated grimly.
"Sherlock, I'm back!" John called out from the stairs, carrying two bags of shopping in his hands. He set them down on the kitchen and went over to Sherlock, laid a kiss on his lips and returned to the kitchen to put the shopping away when he finally noticed something odd. "Have you been cooking?" John asked.
The realisation hit him, and it took only a couple of seconds for a steady look of resolution to settle over his face, and he marched decisively towards Sherlock. “I’m a doctor, what can I do to help?”
Mycroft looked incredibly surprised when he saw Sherlock standing at the door of his office though Sherlock wasn't certain how genuine the surprise was.
Mycroft looked Sherlock in the eye, and for a second the detective thought he saw a flash of hurt cross his brother's eyes and he regretted his harsh comment. Was it possible that Mycroft was here just to see if he was okay? Surely he'd been kept up to date with his condition, an appearance by the man himself was unnecessary.
"I won't let them," Sherlock replied in a voice so firm that John found himself smiling at him fondly. Whoever still believed Sherlock was a sociopath clearly didn't know the man. But John knew him, he knew the real Sherlock; the one that made tea for John when he came home late, the one that listened to John rant about his coworkers, the one who loved him.
He was sitting quiet and straight back on his chair, his eyes staring off into the distance. While Lestrade was used to being ignored by Sherlock, especially when he was thinking, he was worried that John’s injury had upset Sherlock more than he’d let on- not that he would ever admit that it had upset him in the first place.
Tomorrow- or in this case later on in the morning- Sherlock would prepare a nice big breakfast for John and simply laze around the flat. They'd done that quite a lot lately, but it had been because of Sherlock's injuries. Now it was time for Sherlock to take care of John for a change; to make him tea and lunch and cover him with blankets and kisses and watch crap telly with him.
Sherlock craned his head up to meet John, their lips brushing softly before they went in for a kiss. Sherlock’s and John’s hands tightened together, John hugged him closer to his chest needing to feel his husband next to him.
He was still on top of John, his air now messy from having John running his hands over it repeatedly. He grabbed one of John's hand with his own and pinned it over the doctor's head as they continued kissing.
His hair was still wet when he arrived in the kitchen and immediately went over to the fridge and took the milk out, placing it next to the two mugs John had already prepared, ready for when the kettle finished boiling. On the stove sat a pan filled with bacon and eggs which Sherlock kept an eye on as John finished preparing the tea.
"I think we've waited long enough," John replied and saw Lestrade nod his understanding. "I'll go get Sherlock, I'm sure he'll be able to explain things to you better than I am."
John ceased his pacing as he realized someone had been calling his name. His head snapped up and he looked at Mycroft who was wearing an expression of concern on his face and approaching John in a defensive manner. It was only then that John realized how he must look, pacing up and down the office talking about his dead flatmate.
Instead of replying John walked over to stand in front of Sherlock and started running his hands through the detective’s still wet curls doing his best to try to tame them in place. He would take any excuse he could to play with Sherlock’s hair, and the detective didn’t seem to mind either. He had his head in John’s chest as he continued running his hands through it slowly untangling it and watching as it curled back into place once his hands moved.
"I'm in the bathroom," came a muffled reply. It was only then that Sherlock heard the tell-tale sound of the water running.
"You feel so good, John," Sherlock groaned out. One of his hands left John's hips and wrapped itself around John's length. John whimpered and then started shouting in pleasure as Sherlock moved in and out of him and ran his hand up and down his length, tightening his grip every so often.
They both skittered across the floor, the thief trying to hold on to the bat and Sherlock trying to pry it out of his hands.
It was only two hours later when he woke up. He didn’t realize why at first until he felt the empty hand and the cold side of the bed next to him. He sat up, rubbing his eyes, and tried to listen for anything out of place.
Sherlock did, and was rewarded with a playful bite to his nipple. “I want to touch you,” he pleaded. His hands continued roaming under John’s trousers, making their way underneath his pants. “Can I?”
Sherlock hummed in understanding and soon felt a slight pressure on his temples. John's careful fingers were rubbing small circles, gently, and he had to admit that it calmed him greatly. After a while John's hands moved, and he started rubbing patterns softly around Sherlock's eyes.
They all stood around the two unmoving forms, Lestrade and the boy's parents softly calling out the boy’s name, trying to wake him up. Sylvia cupped her son's cheek and called out for him as tears ran down her face. Slowly the boy's eyes opened and he called his mother's name and everyone breathed out a collective sigh of relief. Everyone but John; Sherlock was still unmoving.
Sherlock moaned as John began licking his way down his neck. As much as John had fantasised about this moment he hadn’t thought about how much he would love all the little noises Sherlock was making. He was delighting in the gasps and bitten off moans coming out of his flatmate’s mouth as he bit into the pale flesh.
"And you called me in," Sherlock mused. It was probably a simple enough case, but Lestrade was usually swamped so he asked for Sherlock's help. "Where's the package?"
"Of course you are, John! You're most exciting, but this is different. It keeps me busy, it keeps me sane."
He only managed a curt nod before he heard John and the doctor approaching in the doorway, but Lestrade seemed satisfied.
In one of the rare days where John went to work at the clinic Sherlock went over to the Diogenes Club to meet with Mycroft. He wasn't fond of the idea as he knew his brother would be terribly smug about the whole thing, but he was his brother, and even if only due to family obligation he would help him.
As soon as his head hit the pillow he felt a wave of exhaustion travel through his body, and he only wished whatever John had planned would help him sleep.
"Of course it's a bloody rhetorical question, come here," John said as he motioned for Sherlock to lay his head on John's lap.
John sat down on his chair, enjoying the beautiful notes Sherlock was playing and observing him playing them. He had a soft smile on his face and his eyebrows furrowed in concentration. When he finally finished he set the violin down carefully on his brand new case and then sat down on his own chair across from John.
The detective opened his eyes only a fraction and looked up at John. “I’m not, I was just resting my eyes.” He sat up slightly, balancing himself on his elbows and pushing forwards on the sofa so that his feet now hung over the edge in an unspoken invitation for John to join him.
"I love you too." he said, and promptly dropped his lips to Sherlock's once again, but just before they met he heard Sherlock mutter under his breath.
Sherlock threw his head back and moaned. He loved the feeling of John’s mouth on his skin, but he didn’t feel like he could wait much longer. They had drawn this out for too long already and he was starting to get a little impatient. “John, I can’t wait much longer,” he groaned.
When he woke up the next morning Sherlock was still asleep. He slowly slipped out of bed trying not to wake him and put the kettle on in the kitchen. He prepared two mugs of tea while he waited and just as he was about to go into the room to check on Sherlock the detective walked out looking ruffled and surprisingly well-rested.
“That’s not why I was there.” John looked into Sherlock’s eyes, locking their gazes together. “Did you forget?”
Lestrade grinned as they both watched Sherlock sitting on the sofa intently reading through the first case file. "You're welcome."
There were a few seconds when he heard the noise outside clearly again and felt a slight dip before it was muffled once more. The fog in his mind was slowly lifting and now that the pain and the noise weren’t as overwhelming he risked opening his eyes and what he saw brought a whole other level of relief with it.
"Good morning," he announced and made his way over to the bathroom. Sherlock did not respond; he didn't even seem to have noticed John coming into the room, which was unusual.
"I got it!" Sherlock shouted from the living room. "I solved it, John!" When he received no reply he walked over to the kitchen looking for John. He had been there just a second ago. "John, where are you?" he shouted, louder this time.
It was unwise to smother him with concern; Sherlock was always wary of sentiment, and so John had learnt ways to keep an eye on him without Sherlock feeling trapped. It didn't always work though. There were times when Sherlock would become sullen and spend whole days locked in his room without making any noise, something that John had previously relied upon to assure him Sherlock was still breathing. In those times John would be climbing the walls, worried sick that Sherlock was lying on the floor unconscious and needed his help, so no matter how annoyed Sherlock might be he always found an excuse to weave into the room and check on him.
He unbuttoned Sherlock's trousers and tugged at him until he lifted his hips and allowed John to bring them all the way down and off, followed by his shoes and socks.
“Sherlock?” he called out softly, not wanting to startle him, but the detective kept staring ahead. Lestrade put his hand on his shoulder and called out to him again. “Sherlock?”
John sighed in resignation and started walking up the stairs. As he was about to thank Mrs Hudson she cut him off.
"Maybe you'll make it up to me tonight," John whispered in Sherlock's ear, and felt him shiver and harden against him.
"Just calm down, John, we'll find him," Lestrade said, "Go to his room in case he comes back and I'm going to have a look around as well. I'll text you if I find him."
“We should go upstairs,” John suggested. He didn’t exactly feel comfortable snogging Sherlock in the hallway. He much preferred doing that in one of their bedrooms.
John was left outside while they put everything away and set up what they needed to for the short trip to the hospital. It was then, as he waited in the cold outside 221B, that it finally hit him.
Lestrade and Sherlock were discussing everything that had happened on that dreadful day all over again. Lestrade insisting that he needed to know every little detail so that he could reinstate Sherlock, it was the only way they would be able to work together again and they all knew what Sherlock was like without his job.
Sherlock adjusted the sling on his arm into a more comfortable position and then lay his head back on the pillow and closed his eyes.
"I..." he stammered, not wanting to admit defeat, but knowing that John was right to worry and demand he improve his eating habits, "will keep the outcome of this particular instance in mind."
"Of course, dear. I'll make you something to eat." Mrs Hudson replied, and was already at her door when John managed to get a word in.
That stopped John in his tracks. He crawled over Sherlock's body and narrowed his eyes at him. "What's that supposed to mean?"
Sherlock turned around and kissed John softly in the lips. "I missed you." John smiled, surprised at the spontaneous show of affection. "I'll be waiting for you," Sherlock said with a wink and made his way up the stairs.
"No buts. I love you, Sherlock, okay? I love you and I'm here for you and you have no excuse to not talk to me about this. Don't you trust me?"
But Sherlock seemed to have other things in mind. He rocked his hips slightly. “Not too slowly, I don’t think I can take it.”
John frowned. He knew it must have been difficult for Sherlock to work up the courage to propose but he never would have thought that Sherlock might have been worried about rejection. “And why would I do that?”
"Alright, alright," John conceded, "Can you at least make tea without breaking any of the mugs?" Sherlock shot him a stern look from across the kitchen. "Please?" John added, and Sherlock turned around and start preparing the tea.
Sherlock knew it was true but it was so difficult to face his nightmares, even though he knew it was the only thing that could help. Maybe something else could, he thought to himself. It was becoming harder and harder each day to ignore the pull of his addiction.
“Oh, I don’t know,” she seemed distressed at the thought. “John usually goes. That’s his fiancée, you know!”
He knew Sherlock's birthday was going to be tough but he didn't expect to have drunk himself into oblivion. But then there were so many memories, it was no surprise that was what it took nowadays to get him through the rough nights. He would spent nearly every night thrashing in his sleep. There were the odd nights when he was so exhausted that he actually managed a peaceful night's sleep, but those were rare occurrences. Every other night his dreams were filled with blood and loss. They alternated between Afghanistan and Sherlock's death, but the worse nights were when the two would morph together and he would find himself trying to save Sherlock in the middle of a desert. He never once succeeded and instead was forced to relive the moment of his friend's death over and over again, looking down at Sherlock as he took his last breaths and whispered,
Sherlock, ever the master of disguise, had been able to keep John in the dark in regards to his birthday party. When the day finally came Sherlock got up early and made breakfast which he took up to their bedroom and delivered to a sleepy John. The rest of the day was spent mostly kissing, cuddling and lazing about the flat.
It wasn't all bad though. After the transition their relationship had taken John had discovered a completely new side to Sherlock; it turned out he could be romantic after all. Though as with anything Sherlock Holmes's idea of romanticism was very different to everyone else's. Romance for Sherlock was holding the crime scene tape up so John could pass, stopping during an investigation so John could eat or bringing John's gun along when he had forgotten it. It didn't take long for John to realise that Sherlock had been doing that for a long time, since the very beginning even. The signs had all been there but he had been too afraid to act on his feelings. Aside from Mrs. Hudson, Sherlock never cared what anyone else thought or even acknowledged their existence beyond necessity, but not with John. He was always conscious of John, and John was always by his side.
He finally succeeded in ridding the man of his weapon and ensuring he wasn’t going to cause any more trouble. He pinned his arms together with one hand and in a fit of rage used the other to punch the man so hard he knocked him unconscious.
Deciding not to dwell on it anymore he walked back upstairs and brought their dinner over to the living room. He turned the telly on and ate silently after placing Sherlock’s plate in front of him, but the detective made no move towards it. “Sherlock, your food’s ready.”
"I just wanted to get some air. I've been confined to this stupid bed for ages and I thought I'd take advantage of the fact that I can finally move."
He hadn’t planned anything overly complicated. He was nervous enough as it was, there was no point in making more trouble for himself. Even so, he thought he’d planned a pleasant day, hopefully one that John wouldn’t forget.
His mouth dropped open when he saw the state the kitchen was in. It wasn't clean, it was immaculate. There were no experiments anywhere, the dishes were clean and put away in the respective cupboard and the table was set. There were two plates and the corresponding cutlery as well as two glasses of wine.
not know?" he shouted and started pacing the length of the room trying to quell his rising panic. If Mycroft didn't know where Sherlock was then it was going to be next to impossible to find him again, not if he didn't want to be found. And given his abrupt departure the night before it seemed he wasn't very preoccupied with John's state of mind after seeing his apparently dead flatmate standing in the middle of the living room.
Sherlock sat up and yawned while stretching his arms over his head. He looked over at John. Hunched shoulders, drooping eyelids, bloodshot eyes, prolonged blinking and a failed attempt at stifling a yawn. Conclusion, John had recently been asleep and going by his posture and stiffness, on the sofa. "Why didn't you go to bed?"
Sherlock kneeled down next to him, his hand going straight to the trickle of blood emanating from the doctor’s forehead. “John, are you alright?” He cupped John’s face with his other hand and waited for him to open his eyes fully so Sherlock could check his pupils.
He figured Sherlock would have gone to Mycroft for help. It must certainly be easier to fake one's death when one's brother was practically the British government. The last time John had spoken to Mycroft was a week after Sherlock's death. He had come over to Baker Street to apologize once again for having told Moriarty everything about Sherlock. But John had been so numbed from the pain, racked with guilt at not being able to talk Sherlock down from that ledge, that he had simply ignored Mycroft until he went away.
He should have known better than to think he could predict life with Sherlock Holmes. His thoughts had vaguely wondered back to marriage after Sherlock’s casual mention. In retrospect it was clear he should have realised there was something strange about that. Sherlock liked to complain about everything, that was never surprising, but it wasn’t often that he asked how John felt about it. He usually assumed John agreed or waited until he voiced his opinion. That time, however, he had asked John rather eagerly, clearly anticipating the response. But John’s mind had missed the strangeness of Sherlock’s behaviour in lieu of the strangeness of the question itself.
It erupted from his head, creating a rippling sensation down his body and making him gasp for breath. His lungs were burning and he frantically clawed at his throat, desperate to take in a deep breath, but it was useless.
“Yeah, he’s fine.” John replied. “He’s been a bit restless lately, but I’d rather he didn’t go back to work fully for a few more days, at least.”
“Of course he’s going to be fine,” Sherlock snapped. He couldn’t even fathom a scenario where John was not fine because it was just too painful to think about. Even so it had been scary to see John go down. Not only because he’d always viewed John as a soldier who could take care of himself but also because it had happened when John had been trying to save him.
“His sats are 78% and he’s tachycardic,” Matt relayed as he set up a nebuliser mask with the drugs to help Sherlock.
John walked out to the main flat, contentment written plainly on his features, until he was met with an unexpected visitor.
John watched alarmingly as Sherlock got up from the sofa and swayed before finally settling down on it again and resting his head on his hands. The doctor walked over quickly and once again kneeled down in front of Sherlock.
Lestrade feigned ignorance. "I have no idea what you're talking about," he said and John left the room in search of Sherlock's doctor.
Sherlock's hands started working away at John's shirt while his mouth occupied John's, teeth and tongue clashing in a needy kiss. Sherlock wasn't deterred by the fact that he technically only had one working arm and soon had John's shirt completely off.
After he finished recalling the events he looked up at John with a sad look in his eyes. "I know this isn't much comfort, but I did it for you, John. I did it for my friends. And I tried to tell you as much as I could, I told you it was a magic trick." John's eyes widened at Sherlock's confession. He thought back to that dreadful phone call; he still remembered everything that Sherlock had told him, like the words had been permanently seared into his brain.
"Woah, woah, woah, Sherlock, wait!" John interrupted, "First of all, I already forgave you for what you did on your birthday, secondly I'm used to the sulking, thirdly-"
"I'm afraid you won't be able to leave until the chest tube is removed, Mr Holmes," his doctor said.
When he walked back inside their room he saw Sherlock laying stomach down completely stretched across the bed.
After a while John repositioned the ice pack, noting how still Sherlock was. He peered down through the detective's curls and saw that his eyes were closed and his breathing was even; he'd fallen asleep.
Lauren removed her stethoscope from her ears, settling it over her shoulders. “I can hear a wheeze on the apex of the right lung, and decreased breath sounds on both bases,” she observed worriedly. She took the mask from Matt as he cranked up the oxygen and placed it over Sherlock’s face. “This is going to relax your airway and help with your breathing, Sherlock.”
Sherlock told Lestrade everything he knew, everything he'd done and everything Moriarty had said. John had excused himself after making a cup of tea for everyone. He didn't want to listen to this anymore. It was too difficult and was bringing back too many bad memories. Memories he had tried to suppress in his waking hours because they were all he ever saw in his dreams- his nightmares.
He took his shoes and jacket off and placed them on the floor, then walked towards the bed and settled himself slowly next to the detective, trying not to wake him up. He maneuvered himself so that he was also beneath the blanket but not quite touching Sherlock. This would just have to do for now. In the morning they would talk about everything left unsaid. Sherlock owed him an explanation and John owed it to himself to try and work out the complicated mess of feelings he felt for his friend.
Eventually John pulled away from Sherlock. Their breathing was rapid, their faces were flushed and their lips were swollen from the passionate kisses but they both had smiles on their faces. And right then, in that moment, they didn't need anything else in the world to be happy.
He gazed around the room quickly and John noted how Lestrade and Sherlock shared an amused look before the detective inspector’s eyes fell on him. John was mildly worried.
The combination of John squeezing around him, his length over Sherlock's stomach and his mouth biting into his neck brought him over the edge completely.
John was spread across it with Sherlock between his legs, head leaning back against John’s chest and stroking his partner’s leg with his violinist fingers. “Don’t ever say that again, John.”
He heard Sherlock groaning in pain and looked down at the detective to see him once again clutching at his chest with his free hand. It was clear that breathing was becoming a more arduous affair as the seconds went by. John just wanted the ambulance to get there. Sherlock needed to go to the hospital, there was nothing John could do for him here except keep him awake, and he could see Sherlock wasn’t going to be able to do that for much longer and it worried him.
They fell into bed together, Sherlock in his pyjamas and dressing gown and John in his pants, which he thought was an unfair advantage for his partner.
John nudged over closer to Sherlock and took the detective’s hand in his own. “Sherlock, I’m not expecting anything special today, alright? You don’t have to worry about anything.”
As soon as he did so he felt John run his hands soothingly through his curls. Sherlock relaxed into the touch, his eyes closing and his breath leaving him in a prolonged sigh of relaxation.
The detective threw his head back on the pillow and opened his mouth in pure pleasure, but no sound came out. John watched from above, moving slowly, as the emotions crossed Sherlock’s face. He’d been worried at first that this would make Sherlock’s migraine worse, but it was clear now that the discomfort and pain were gone, giving way only to pleasure.
Lestrade laughed at John's observation. They both knew Sherlock was terrible at staying still for any length of time, much less in a hospital where there was nothing for him to do.
While Lauren observed Sherlock’s losing battle with his lungs, Matt attached him to their monitoring. They both frowned at the readings, though they were unsurprised by them given their patient’s appearance.
John stood quietly at the door, contemplating whether or not to wake Sherlock up, but before a decision could be made Sherlock himself interrupted.
Eventually he pulled away, clearing his throat and looking at John for the first time since he had entered the room. "What are you doing here?" he asked, "You have work in the morning."
John smiled down at him, confident that Sherlock understood why John had reacted the way he did. He didn't want to control Sherlock, far from it, he was glad that Sherlock had gotten some time away from the stuffy hospital environment, but it was impossible for him not to worry when he didn't know where he was.
His breath came in quick succession and he had to concentrate in order to try to bring his heart rate back to normal. John seemed similarly affected, though not as intensely as Sherlock,
Time passed surprisingly quickly. After months spent away from John, Sherlock was now painfully aware of his absence. There had been many times in the past when Sherlock hadn’t noticed John going out, even if he told him beforehand. Now, however, there were very few times when the detective didn’t know where John was.
John woke up to Sherlock shifting in bed. The detective was twisting and turning, as much as he could in his injured state, and trying to stifle moans of pain, which did not go unnoticed by John. "What hurts, Sherlock?"
He dropped a soft kiss on the detective's curls and fell asleep to the sound of Sherlock's heartbeat.
After considering this Sherlock chose to heed Lestrade's advice. "I believe I'm due for another dose of pain medication. Perhaps you could inquire into that."
"Of course not, don't be absurd," Sherlock replied with a huff. "I'm just curious as to why a handsome man like you who's had a significant amount of lovers has never thought to take the relationship to the next step. Or have you"?
Sherlock didn't reply. Instead he ducked under John's outstretched arm, made his way to the kitchen and grabbed his coat. As he walking down the stairs to leave the flat he heard John running after him.
Sherlock opened his mouth to reply but only go out the words "The cases..." before John cut him off. "Yes, all pressing until they're solved, I know. I just want to go to sleep, I'm tired and so are you, don't even try to deny it."
But then he thought back to all the times he'd been hurt or in danger and how Mycroft always found an excuse to see him afterwards, often under the pretense of a case or information. Whether it was after Sherlock almost took that pill, or after the explosion in Baker Street, or after the incident with the CIA Mycroft was always there, though never actually admitting he was there simply just to check on his brother.
John was, as always, quick in his shower but Sherlock lingered even after John left to get dressed. He stood under the spray of hot water, thinking back to the last few months. It hadn’t taken long to organise the wedding, thanks to the combined forces of Mycroft and Mrs Hudson, and while he was glad for it that did leave him with less time to get prepared mentally. He’d been the one to do the proposing but that didn’t mean he wasn’t nervous about the idea of marriage, because he was. But every time he started worrying that something would go wrong, or one of them would change their mind, or that he didn’t know what he was getting himself into John was always there.
For all his self-confidence and arrogance in the face of insults and danger Sherlock had always been worried that he wouldn’t be a good partner for John. Sentiment had never been his area but John had certainly helped him navigate his feelings. Not only that but John brought out the need for Sherlock to express his own feelings for him, something he had never wanted to do before. There weren’t many people out there he liked- certainly no one he liked as much as John- but he tolerated a few. However, when John was around he always felt the need to tell him, or at least show him, how much Sherlock appreciated and loved him.
Sherlock sighed from his position on the sofa. He had his head on John's lap and his legs dangling off the edge. "Why do people insist on being so dull?"
He came down to find photos and papers spilled all over the floor and stuck to the walls. Sherlock himself was dressed in just his trousers and shirt and was running between his laptop and the papers spilled on the floor. This time though, he did notice John coming into the room.
He quickly nodded and hurried down the stairs. While he was gone, Lauren listened to Sherlock’s lungs once again and watched as the colour slowly returned to his face. Next to her John was trying not to collapse in relief as he watched Sherlock breathing on his own. He still looked pale and exhausted, and his breath hitched every so often, but the drugs had finally kicked in and the oxygen was helping.
John slipped his tongue inside Sherlock's mouth and heard the detective moan in pleasure. Sherlock opened his mouth further, allowing John better access. Their hands roamed over the other's body, every inch they could reach, until John grabbed Sherlock by the shoulders and pushed him down onto the bed. Their towels had slipped off them in their initial entrance to the room and they were now both completely naked.
The words had barely left his mouth when he felt John wrap his lips around him. Sherlock couldn't stop a moan of sheer pleasure from escaping his lips. John didn't hold back, which meant that Sherlock was quickly losing his battle with self-control. He licked and sucked at Sherlock with an intensity that the detective had seldom experienced. It wasn't long until his legs could no longer support his weight and he felt them give way. He slipped down to the shower floor, thus disengaging John from him.
"Don't play games with me, Mycroft," he snapped, "He showed up and then left just as quickly and I want to know where the hell he is."
But John was clearly not amused. He pulled his pyjama trousers on and got out of bed. Sherlock's brain was still a little fuzzy and so it took him a lot longer than he would care to admit to realize that John was simply picking up the previously discarded breakfast tray. He quickly came back to bed and set the tray down across Sherlock's lap before sitting next to him on the bed.
Sherlock could hear the conversations going on around him, but didn’t have the energy to react to them. He felt detached from the whole thing, unable to communicate and barely able to comprehend what was going on. He could hear the worry in poor Mrs Hudson’s voice as she spoke to one of the paramedics, asking questions they didn’t have the answers to. On the few occasions when he could keep his eyes open, he could see the concentration masking worry on Lauren’s face.
His fiancée was laid out slack on their living room floor, drugs being pumped into his body while someone did most of his breathing for him. It was unnerving to watch, made even worse by the fact that John knew exactly what was going on in his body for things to have gotten this bad. He knew that Sherlock’s airway was becoming narrower by the second, the spasms and inflammation leaving no space for oxygen to enter. He knew that Sherlock’s brain was receiving what little oxygen he was getting into him. He knew that Sherlock’s body was too exhausted to breathe as often, or as deeply, as it should.
They finally emerged from the kiss breathing heavily, slightly flushed, and content. Their foreheads touched and their eyes opened and John saw Sherlock grinning widely against his lips. "What are you so happy about?"
John raised himself up to his feet, feeling victorious when he was able to do so without swaying. “I will ask you again, are you eating?”
Now she seemed a lot more hesitant of him, and he wondered if he really looked that fragile. She had been quiet and withdrawn when she made her way over to the chair and he wondered if it would rude to ask if she was upset or if he should do it. If John were here he'd know what to do.
"I need you to sit up now." But Sherlock didn't move, though John saw an almost imperceptible smirk on the detective's face. "Sherlock," John warned, "if you play nice I'll get you some old case files tomorrow."
“Very impressive, John,” Sherlock noted after they had sat down at their table, “I thought you really just wanted to go for a walk.”
Preoccupied with his own inner turmoil, John didn't notice Sherlock shifting in bed. He'd been stirring slightly for the last few minutes, just before John arrived, after having spent most of the afternoon hiding out in John's bedroom waiting for him in fear that Mrs Hudson would come up to the flat looking for John and find him instead. When he arrived the first thing he did was lay down on John's bed. After spending months away from his friend and their home he was feeling lonely and couldn't wait until John came home so that they could finally see each other again. But John had been out all day and Sherlock couldn't resist the pull of sleep as the exhaustion of the last few months finally caught up to him and he slumped down on the bed. As soon as his head hit the pillow he felt John's lingering scent- not something most people would pick up on, but then he wasn't most people- and he fell asleep at once.
And he’d assumed correctly. While Sherlock may be reluctant to go to bed at times, once he found himself there it was rather difficult to get him out, especially when he had a certain army doctor in his arms. “I still don’t want to get out of bed.”
John poured gel over his hands, which he then placed all over Sherlock. He started at the top, massing Sherlock's shoulders for a short amount of time, then slowly moving down the detective's chest and arms. He then crouched down and started applying the shower gel to Sherlock's feet and legs.
"I..." Sherlock hesitated, still stunned at the lack of mockery from his brother, "I don't know what to do," he finally admitted.
Never in his whole life had he even considered the thought of marriage, and seldom had he allowed himself to contemplate a relationship with anyone. He never thought he would be happy to spend so much time with any one person or that they would reciprocate the feeling, but John Watson was in a league of his own. He was everything Sherlock never thought he would have, and he turned out to be just what he needed. Someone who enjoyed the same things he did, someone who could appreciate him and not expect him to change but at the same time felt comfortable enough telling Sherlock whenever he did something that was a bit not good. And Sherlock cared enough to listen, which was what surprised him the most.
It was then that Sherlock felt John shifting in their shared bed. The doctor yawned loudly and stretched as far as he could in the confined space. "Who were you talking to?"
Within a few minutes they were both fighting off sleep again. They were both tired and just wanted to rest, but they had a long night ahead of them. No matter how many times John claimed he was fine he knew that Sherlock would diligently wake him up every two hours until neither of them managed to fall asleep again.
Dinner was delicious, as expected, and between the two of them they easily finished the bottle of wine, even though John argued that Sherlock shouldn't be drinking. When they finished they cleared the table. John was just putting his glass of wine in the sink when all of a sudden Sherlock grabbed him by the shoulders, spun him around and trapped him between himself and the table.
John hopped out of bed and went to the kitchen to gather some ice packs, which he had luckily thought to buy before Sherlock came back home, and a towel. He then remembered Sherlock's medication and somehow managed to balance the ice packs, the towel, the tablets and the glass of water and made his way back upstairs. He handed the tablets to Sherlock along with the glass of water and Sherlock took them without question and handed them back to John.
"Nothing," Sherlock started and John shot him a questioning look, "I'm not finished, alright? I was going to say nothing's wrong, I'm just in some pain."
He got up and washed the plate and cutlery before setting them down on the tray Mrs Hudson had brought up; he would take them downstairs before he left for the hospital again, he just needed to get changed.
After about ten minutes Sherlock finally came back into the living room. He had taken off his shoes and suit jacket and was looking rather warm.
His eyes closed and his fists clenched as he felt the ground drop out from beneath him. The combination of the noise, the bright lights and the pain was too much and he tried to shut everything out. He needed to figure out what was going on but his brain failed to work out anything beyond
A week later, on Monday, John returned to work. He'd taken some time off to stay with Sherlock while he recovered from his more serious injuries, and even though he would still rather stay at home with him he knew he needed to go back to work. He loved spending time with Sherlock but now that he had his old case files he spent most of his time working and John spent most of his time updating his blog and fussing over Sherlock.
John just grinned and finished putting on the condom. He looked very serious for a second, but didn’t say anything. He just kneeled over Sherlock, looking deep into his eyes.
He reluctantly left Sherlock’s side while the paramedics moved around the room decisively, splitting the backboard in two and rolling Sherlock onto it before putting it together again. They covered him in blankets, tucking all the wires into them before wrapping the straps safely around him.
“Ah, fuck,” Sherlock nearly screamed. John had wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s cock and was stroking him firmly. He knew he couldn’t keep it up for long but it was priceless to see Sherlock reduced to a quivering mess right beneath him.
John kept moving his fingers in and out, slowly working Sherlock until he was ready. It was clear after a while that what John was doing wasn't enough and Sherlock needed more. "John," Sherlock gasped, "I need you."
He heard Sherlock groaning from the living room as he sat up on the sofa, rubbing his stiff neck as best as he could. “Of course I will. I just needed to finish that case, which I have now.”
Sherlock swallowed visibly and his breath hitched as John moved his hands forwards, grabbing hold of Sherlock and rubbing his hands painstakingly slowly over his length. The detective threw his head back against the tiled wall as John applied is gentle touch.
“What the hell happened here?” Lestrade asked as soon as he saw the pale and bloodied John Watson and the unconscious thief on the floor.
John stood frozen in shock, still clutching Sherlock's coat. Sherlock was sprawled out on the floor, the boy still wrapped in his arms now hanging loosely over the boy's back. Both were unmoving.
"Thanks but I don't think that's a good idea, not yet anyway. He had a pretty nasty head wound and he needs to rest and you know what he's like, won't stop until he's solved them all."
Whilst on the phone with Lestrade he had managed to get into a cab and told the cabbie to take him to the Diogenes Club. It was the only place he knew he might find Mycroft and he was hoping he would be there today because John couldn't spend another day away from Sherlock knowing that his friend was alive. All the months he spent alone, trying to get used to living in an empty flat with memories of Sherlock everywhere had been excruciating, but he couldn't bear to move away. He had spent the first week after Sherlock's death with Harry- Mycroft had come by when he returned- but soon the interrogations at Scotland Yard had started and he wanted to go home again. It seemed he always found an excuse not to move away and soon he resigned himself to the fact that he just couldn't because it would be accepting Sherlock's absence, the fact that he was never coming back again, and he couldn't do that to himself.
"Lovely," John slurred. His eyes were closed, his breathing was slow and he felt completely relaxed. Sherlock was doing an amazing job with his hands and John wondered where he'd learned all of that.
There was just something about John Watson that turned him from Sherlock Holmes the world’s only consulting detective to Sherlock Holmes the world’s most compliant partner. It went completely against Sherlock’s nature. He was always defying orders, doing the exact opposite of what he was asked or just outright ignoring requests, but not when it came to John. Whenever John asked him to do something he would comply- sometimes unwillingly, sometimes not- but he would always do it because he knew John only had his best interest in mind and would only become increasingly worried if Sherlock didn’t do what he asked, and Sherlock wanted to make sure John was always happy.
He made dinner, leaving an extra plate for Sherlock for when he came home, and ate quietly by himself. He was glad that Sherlock had something to work on and to keep him distracted, he just hoped that he didn't push himself too much.
"I'm fine with that," Sherlock said as he dragged John into a cab, "but right now Lestrade is waiting for us at the crime scene."
“My head hurts and it will continue to hurt until the pain is done. In the meantime, I would really appreciate a distraction.”
Sherlock could only nod. John was gently rocking back and forth and the sensation was exquisite. All the drugs in the world couldn’t compare to the feeling of having John Watson lavish you with attention, kiss you softly, stroke you, fuck you, love you.
“About what?” John asked, surprised that Sherlock was voicing such a thought, no matter what it was about.
It was a habit they had both gotten into, cutting each other off before anything could be said, because they no longer needed words to communicate. For a long time they had used simple looks to convey entire conversations. Now, they used their touch to convey their feelings. The need, the fear, the desire. It seemed wrong to break the spell with words- useless words- because they both knew how unquestionably they relied on each other and how they complemented each other. And though neither of them had said it yet they knew they loved each other. Perhaps they never would said it, not in those exact terms at least, but the sentiment was there, in every look and every touch and every silent request. Sentiment. Feelings. Something Sherlock had always been opposed to. The grit on the lens, the fly in the ointment.
After undoing the belt John's hands moved up to the detective's shoulders and slowly travelled down his arms, taking the dressing gown with them. He removed his own trousers and so they both stood in the middle of their room completely naked, their arousal evident.
“Get the hell away from me!” the thief shouted, the baseball bat tightly gripped in his hands and raised above his head. He didn’t look very steady on his feet and the bat kept swinging lightly backwards and forwards. John was rather hoping he would swing wildly and collapse on the floor. It seemed likely enough.
John checked the time over and over again for the next five hours, but Sherlock still hadn't shown up. By 2am he decided to go to bed and hope that Sherlock would be back by morning. He was not disappointed.
There were times when he wondered if his feelings for Sherlock weren't entirely platonic. Surely seeing his friend alive and well should be enough reassurance without him feeling the need to touch him. But he felt so protective of Sherlock, he cared so deeply for him, that he needed more now. More than just the occasional brush of hands as he handed him his tea, more than the controlled doctor's touch he used when treating him, he just needed more but he wasn't sure if Sherlock was ready for any of that. He'd said before that he didn't want to be in a relationship and it was extremely unlikely that he returned John's feelings, but after everything they had been through John had to at least try.
Lauren hoped she was being overcautious as she inserted another IV into Sherlock’s other arm, but it was always better to be prepared for the worst. While doing so she watched John, noting that a steely resolve had settled on his face. This man appeared unshaken as he watched the proceedings in front of him. But Lauren knew that beneath that mask John must be completely overwhelmed with worry. Army doctor or not, it was never the same when it was someone you loved.
"I've got that case tomorrow, for Lestrade," he hesitated, "It's Sunday and I know you don't have work. Would you come with me, John? It would be most helpful to have you there."
John grunted slightly and curled up under Sherlock’s arm even more, but Sherlock’s was having none of it. He needed John to wake up now. “Wake up, John! Please!”
Sherlock broke off when John kissed him abruptly on the lips, effectively shutting him up. He struggled for a second or two, adamant that he needed to get his point across, but gave in soon enough and just relinquished himself to the sensation. John only broke off once he was certain Sherlock was going to shut up and let him speak.
He informed the nurses that Sherlock had been found and would return to his room shortly and then sat down on one of the chairs, trying to calm his nerves.
"How about you let me be the judge of that?" John asked as he settled beside Sherlock and checked him over. He took his pulse and his blood pressure, noting, thankfully, that both were fine. He then started checking over Sherlock's previous injuries, namely his ribs and his arm. "Did you hurt yourself when you fell?"
"You should go home for a bit, John." Lestrade coaxed, "Take a shower, have something to eat, get some sleep maybe."
Lestrade looked down at Sherlock's sleeping form, taking in all the wires and machines that helped keep him alive. The last two days had been awful. On one hand he was worried about Sherlock and whether or not he would make it through, on the other he was worried about John, who looked just about ready to keel over. He hadn't left Sherlock's side since day one and had barely slept or eaten, all behaviours that he usually chastised Sherlock for.
They deposited Sherlock on the trolley which was waiting for them right in front of 221B. They all ignored the stares of curious passer-by’s, focussing instead on getting Sherlock out of the cold and into the ambulance.
John chuckled and gently nudged Sherlock's head out of his lap. The detective collapsed back on the pillow after John left the bed. "I'll be right back," he said as he left the room.
John didn’t even have to ask what he wanted. He knew there was an experiment Sherlock wanted to do that John would have said no to at any other time, but he had promised after all, that Sherlock could do whatever experiments he wanted on his birthday.
When Sherlock proposed John suddenly saw their whole life together, side-by-side in vivid detail, something he had never allowed himself to do before. He had been utterly unprepared for it and the question had frozen him on the spot, something he now realised was probably a bit not good and had most likely worried Sherlock. But there hadn’t been a shadow of doubt in his mind when he had said yes; yes to spending the rest of his life with the madman, yes to showing the world how much they truly meant to each other, yes to officially becoming Sherlock’s other half. Not that they needed marriage to tell them any of that, they’d known that long before, when they realised how much they truly meant to each other and how much they complemented each other. The detective and the doctor, side by side.
"Go home, talk to Mrs. Hudson, I'm sure she's worried. I'll be here in case he wakes up, and then in a few hours you can come back."
concussion, Sherlock. And no, that was not the reason why I didn’t wake up. I didn’t wake up because…” John struggled for a second, not entirely sure how to tell Sherlock the real reason without sounding overly sentimental, but the look on Sherlock’s face said he better hurry up and give him a good reason before he rushed him off to the hospital again. “I was having a really nice dream about us and I didn’t want to wake up, alright?”
"Is that so?" John asked, disbelief clear in his tone. "How about the fact that you're still having to take regular medication, meaning you'll need to eat regularly which you will forget to if you're working, the fact that your arm is in a cast and in a sling which will prevent you from doing any running whatsoever as well as most experiments you will most likely deem necessary to conduct to finish the case as well as the fact that you're still recovering from your broken ribs?"
"John!" Sherlock suddenly called out and John halted his movement immediately and looked at Sherlock to make sure he was okay. What he saw was not at all what he expected. Sherlock had a glint in his eye and a smile on his face that spoke of true and unabashed affection.
he thought to himself as he pushed Sherlock off him yet again. This time however, Sherlock didn't lunge at him again but instead remained seated with a confident smile on his face.
His mind was torn in two. The doctor part of him telling him that Sherlock was being taken care of, that he would be fine, that his injuries weren't that grave. The other part however, the helpless loved one waiting for news, was thinking up all kinds of scenarios, reliving the accident, imaging possible outcomes.
Slowly Sherlock put the case down and walked over to John. He laid a soft kiss on his lips before finally replying. “I love it. Thank you, John.” He then strode purposefully over to the window where his violin was kept and using the bow motioned for John to sit down. As soon as he did so Sherlock positioned himself, closed his eyes and began to play.
Sherlock had been waiting since the crime scene to do that to John. It may have taken months and months but the heated glances and not so subtle comments had stopped being enough for either of them, and now here they were. The detective hadn’t even waited until they were inside the building to throw himself at John.
John nodded his understanding. Sherlock barely ever stopped when he was at home and he'd been lying in that bed for days now, with a chest tube, no less, which made moving pretty much impossible. No wonder he had jumped at the first chance to get away from the room for a while.
John’s smile disappeared and his brow started furrowing slightly. Sherlock took it as a sign that he was finally waking up. “John, wake up, come on.”
"No. Why are you so concerned about this all of a sudden?" It wasn't exactly unusual for Sherlock to bring up any of a number of random subjects up when John was trying to watch telly, but this wasn't one he ever thought they would be discussing. But now that he really thought about it the idea did sound appealing. But Sherlock had already clearly voiced his displeasure, and John allowed his hopes to simmer down again.
“It’s too bright,” Sherlock complained. He then turned around so that he was facing the back of the sofa instead of the telly, his head still lying in John’s lap. “It makes my eyes hurt.”
"No, I'm doing it, Sherlock. Just lie down and rest," John said as he made his way towards the kitchen.
Sherlock allowed himself a brief second of relief when he heard the car brakes screeching, but his hope quickly faded when he realized the car was too close to the boy. He surged forward and only just managed to grab the boy and wrap his arms around him, offering what little protection he could, as he took on the impact of the car.
He grudgingly accepted the fact that he would need to talk to someone before actually proposing, if only to make sure he didn't completely mess it up, and started evaluating his choices. Lestrade would tease him incessantly, Mrs Hudson and Molly would both beam so much every time they saw them together they would probably give everything away in a heartbeat. There was no one else; he would have to go to Mycroft.
Now, back at 221B Baker Street John had hoped that Sherlock would listen to his pleas and finally slow down; but to no avail. The detective was on his so called post-case high and had decided to start a new experiment. John didn't even want to know what it involved. The more he knew the more compelled he would feel to throw it away and that would only cause trouble. He decided instead to make a cup of tea for each of them and settle down to watch some television. He knew that Sherlock's body would soon give in to exhaustion and he would have to be there to drag him back to bed- their bed.
John rummaged around in the kitchen for a minute before coming back with some paracetamol and a glass of water. “So that I can give you something that will help. That way you can stop being in pain and I can stop worrying about you.”
John's advice went unheard. When he returned from the bathroom after his shower he found Sherlock, still sitting on the sofa, slumped over the case files on the table.
When it was time John made dinner for them both while Sherlock napped. They ate their dinner in comfortable silence and when they both finished Sherlock managed to convince John to go to bed without clearing up first.
"Come in, John," Sherlock shouted as he tried to get his broken arm through his shirt. "Shit, fuck, ow!" he swore, when he jolted his arm too much.
John’s eyes diverted from Sherlock to the thief who had swung the baseball bat backwards, ready to strike. Realising that the baseball bat was heading towards Sherlock- more importantly towards Sherlock’s head- he raced forwards and tried to snatch it out of the man’s hand before it hit the target.
Sherlock woke up with a start. He was gasping, which was painful, his head was throbbing, which was painful, and he could hear the heart monitor beeping quickly. At first he didn’t recognize the room he was in, hence his slight panic, but a quick look around the room finally settled his nerves once he realized he was in the hospital. He looked to the side, thankfully noting that John was still asleep, and shut his eyes once again. He shifted slightly in bed, wondering if he was due for another dose of pain medication any time soon. He certainly felt like he needed it.
"What? Ow, ow, that hurts!" Sherlock said as he clutched at his ribs. John walked over to the couch and supported him as they walked up the stairs to their room.
Regardless of this, the taxi ride was quiet. Emotions had always been an unspoken part of their friendship and it seemed neither one felt comfortable changing that.
By the end of the day the case was solved and they headed back home. As soon as they got in Sherlock took off his coat and scarf and turned towards John with an eager look in his eyes.
They were tucked beneath the sheets, Sherlock's head resting on John's chest. "Just try to get some sleep, I'll be here if anything happens." John told him, hoping that the small reminder would be enough to keep the nightmares away for at least one night.
Sherlock delighted as John’s cock sprang free. He was enjoying all the touching, feeling John’s skin against his own, but it was even better now that he could see. He traced a finger from John’s inner thigh, slowly, until he reached his balls. He heard John suck in a breath as Sherlock stroked and caressed them, taking them in his hand.
But nevertheless he took his time in stretching Sherlock. He rocked his finger gently back and forth, waiting until he felt little resistance so that he could add another one.
John was pliant and quiet beneath him and Sherlock wondered if he'd fallen asleep. When he finished the massage he put his dressing gown on and laid himself over John's back, covering him completely. He started laying soft kisses along John's shoulders and as much of his neck as he could reach until he felt the doctor stirring beneath him.
John thought the offer over in his head. It definitely sounded exactly like what they both needed. John hadn't actually worked a case with Sherlock properly yet and it was clear that the detective was eager to go back to work. "I take it you really need his help."
Exactly two hours later he sat up, pushing John up with him, and started kissing his partner slowly, from his shoulder, up his neck and all the way to his lips. By that time John was awake and started kissing back. He turned around, bracing himself on either side of Sherlock’s arm, and threw them both back down on the sofa.
Wait. John quickly thought back to last night when he and Sherlock had left the living room after their quick nap. They had each put their pyjamas on before finally going to bed, so why exactly was Sherlock so wrapped up? Deciding to explore this peculiarity for himself John climbed onto the bed and straddled Sherlock. He placed his hands on his shoulders and slowly pulled the sheets down, noticing that no shred of fabric was forthcoming. At some point during John's absence Sherlock must have disposed of his clothing. It was unlikely that he had felt too hot given the fact that he was currently cocooned in bed. It was equally unlikely that he was uncomfortable because he had only just disposed of his pyjamas. John's conclusion was that Sherlock was trying to tell him something, and so he nuzzled Sherlock's hair and ran his hands up and down the detective's now exposed body.
Lestrade nodded, “As long as he’s okay.” He seemed to hesitate for a moment, hand on the doorknob but still. “Are you alright? I know it must have been tough.”
Sherlock just looked down, avoiding looking John in the eye. He knew what he would see there; pity, disapproval, and worst of all disappointment.
Exhaustion made them both succumb to sleep instantly. John slept more deeply and less fitfully than Sherlock though. The detective knew that he had to wake John up in two hours and had regulated his internal alarm clock accordingly.
John grabbed Sherlock’s hand and started making his way upstairs. When they finally reached their flat they both took off their jackets. John had to make a conscious effort not to pounce on Sherlock when the detective laid down on the sofa and finished unbuttoning his shirt.
When they arrived at home Sherlock decided to finally ask John something that had been on his mind all day. "Would it be acceptable for me to spend tonight with you... in your room?"
His discharge from hospital had been surprisingly painless, and mostly due to the fact that John had threatened Sherlock if he didn’t behave.
He’d never been a violent person- aside from that one time he threw a man out the window, but he’d had his reasons- but whenever someone tried to hurt the ones he loved he couldn’t control the anger and let it out until he was sure they weren’t going to cause any more trouble.
"Oh God, yes," Sherlock replied as he got up from the shower, with John's assistance, and turned off the water.
“High,” the detective replied, somewhat apprehensively. “Though I’m not entirely sure why, since I didn’t take anything.” He eyed John with an intensity, silently asking for an explanation as to what had happened. It was disconcerting waking up feeling like this when it wasn’t his own doing.
Sherlock had tried to start a number of different experiments, but he found that he had no interest in any of them. Without a case to apply his knowledge to the experiments seemed useless. He had tried composing again, but that was only helpful when he was trying to think, and that required a case. He had finally settled for just playing his violin at all hours. Melancholy melodies were wretched from the strings of his instrument; a reflection of his own state of mind.
The honesty in Sherlock's voice took John by surprise and for a few seconds he was left speechless. He'd harboured feelings for Sherlock for a long time, but he never thought that the detective had done the same for him. "I never knew," he whispered quietly.
Sherlock smiled at the term. This was exactly what he needed. He just needed his life to go back to normal, working cases with John by his side, and he would be fine. Just the two of them against the rest of the world.
John chuckled to himself, happy to see Sherlock in such a good mood. He made himself a cup of tea and then sat quietly in his chair sipping it. Today had been hectic and he'd had to stay behind well after hours to take care of some paperwork. He was tired and he just wanted to relax and not have to worry about anything for the next couple of days. After finishing his tea he placed the mug in the sink and walked up the stairs to their room.
"Perhaps today, but we'll have to keep you under observation for a little longer. But you need rest, which is what I suggest you do now."
They managed to both have a shower and not get Sherlock's cast wet. John was left to do most of the work, which didn't bother him, and after their shower John quickly got dressed, leaving Sherlock to dress himself as per his request, and went downstairs to make breakfast.
"Good, because you're lucky I found you so soon or John would have throttled you when you came back to your room." Lestrade smirked and Sherlock had the decency to look slightly ashamed at what he'd done. "Maybe this way you'll remember to tell someone where you're going before running off."
John and Sherlock were looking intently at one another, enjoying the looks of pure pleasure on the others face. Sherlock was extremely pleased with himself when he brushed John's prostate and instead of moaning John shut his eyes and opened his mouth, unable to make a sound. Sherlock took the opportunity and slid his tongue inside John's mouth, tasting him, filling him.
"Yes," Sherlock admitted rather shyly. He had been planning this for a few days, as a way to show John how grateful he was for looking after him, and as a way for them to spend a pleasant evening. "Happy Valentine's day."
Luckily no one came in to tell him to leave and he rethought his strategy of lying there without sleeping. He was still tired from all the time spent by Sherlock's bedside while he was unconscious and he could use a little sleep.
"You should know better than to think you can get away with all this talking while we're trying to have sex," Sherlock replied, and gave John's hand one final tug and didn't stop pulling until they were in their bedroom.
It wasn't long after that he heard John walking down the stairs from their room. Luckily he'd finished his cigarette by that time- not that John wouldn't notice the smell.
Sherlock had been quiet and still for the most part, but when the adverts came on and the telly flashed especially bright he curled up on himself, shutting his eyes tightly, and moaned.
His best friend, his lover, his fiancée, had almost died on their living room floor. His lungs almost giving up on being lungs. His heart would have followed closely behind. He had been
After what seemed like an eternity John finally blinked, his hand moved from Sherlock’s face to his hair and John closed the small distance between them, bringing his lips together with Sherlock’s. When he finally pulled away he uttered a single word, wrapping them both in warmth and desire and love.
"Thirdly you had one slip up, you've been doing great since and lastly, why are you apologising about the accident? It wasn't your fault."
With his thoughts concentrated on the proposal and their anniversary Sherlock barely noticed when John walked in the door.
"I know, thank you." John said as he walked over to Sherlock and wrapped his arms around his neck. Sherlock placed his own hands on John's hips just as John reached up and kissed him. It was a gentle and soft brush of lips which ended much too quickly and left Sherlock longing for more.
Matt was packing up the last of their equipment, getting ready to help Lauren. He picked up the monitor and handed it to John. “Can you take this while we carry him down the stairs?”
John approached Sherlock and shook his shoulder lightly. "Sherlock," he called out, "wake up, let's get you to bed."
Deciding that a direct approach would be best he opened the curtains, letting all the morning light in, and stripped the sheets off Sherlock’s body in one swift move. The detective woke up, clearly annoyed at the light and cold, and started shouting at John.
But now all that was swept away. He was certain that he could do this with John by his side. He knew that he belonged by John’s side, and together they could face anything. Sherlock was stronger when they were together; he could concentrate more, he was more human, more caring and more himself. He didn’t feel the need to hide part of himself behind a mask anymore because he felt accepted, and that gave him the strength to face whatever was out there in the world for him.
Sherlock ate his breakfast diligently and without complaint. He finished just before John and sat quietly watching him. As John was about to eat his last bite he looked up and was met with a pair of glasz eyes staring intently at him. His hand paused halfway to his mouth and he couldn't help but stare back. It was yet another habit they had both gotten into, but this one had started long before they were together. Whether John was trying to tell Sherlock something was 'a bit not good', or concocting a lie to protect him or trying to figure out whether or not Sherlock was being honest they always shared a look. A look that conveyed everything they couldn't, or simply wouldn't, put into words. It was, as always, a battle of wills; neither one wanting to give in but both knowing that sooner or later one would have to, and in the end, not unpredictably, it was John.
"Sherlock," John said, as he pushed the detective off him for the third time, "I really think we should get up now."
A man sat hunched on the sofa in the living room, clearly struggling for breath. The wheeze which accompanied each breath he took was audible even from the entrance. In front of him kneeled an older woman, who was running her small hand up and down his back. She looked over at the new arrivals, relief clear in her expression. “It’s okay, Sherlock,” she soothed, “the paramedics are here now, they’ll take care of you.”
He felt an unprecedented rage well up inside him until he reminded himself that the man that was to blame for all the pain and suffering they had endured was now dead.
“I know, John. I know,” Sherlock replied. Little did John know what Sherlock was truly worried about. But the detective was glad to know that his proposal would come as a surprise, John definitely wasn’t expecting anything at all.
Sherlock's phone suddenly went off as Molly was about to leave. The doctor eyed the phone gravely and Sherlock handed it to Molly.
“I don’t want to have to go through that again, John. I can’t, I-” his voice broke and he collapsed onto John again.
John woke up to the shrilling sound of his phone cutting through his dreams. He immediately jumped up in bed and answered it.
When they finished their breakfast John barely had time to put the plates and mugs away before Sherlock was shouting for him.
“For looking after me today,” John replied. He needed Sherlock to know how grateful he was that he’d been taking care of him, especially when it would take away a good night’s sleep from him.
Sherlock woke up the next morning and before he even opened his eyes he realized he was not alone. It was too early for the doctor's round and he knew the nurse had been here already by the fact that he woke up without feeling any pain. It wasn't John, or Sherlock's hand would not be empty, and it was too early for Lestrade to be here. The perfume he smelled from across the room told him it was a woman and the fact that John wasn't here and Mrs Hudson wouldn't come to the hospital without him told Sherlock exactly who was waiting for him to wake up.
John wasn’t entirely surprised. After all Mycroft himself had announced it to the whole of Buckingham Palace to hear, but he had never asked Sherlock about it directly. “That’s fine, Sherlock. Any time you want to stop all you have to do is tell me, alright?”
John walked over to the oven and took out a delicious looking lasagna. "You did all this by yourself?"
Even though John hadn't found Sherlock he decided to return home. He arrived back at Baker Street late at night after going out for dinner by himself. He didn't feel like cooking- didn't feel like doing much of anything- but he needed to eat something seeing as the only real meal he'd had all day had been his quick breakfast.
Mycroft nodded his understanding before leaving the flat, hoping that his small gesture would allow his brother's life to return to normal before something went monumentally wrong.
John eyed him critically for a moment, worried that Sherlock was coming down with something. “You should get some rest then. Go to bed, and hopefully you’ll feel better in the morning.”
John came home on Friday to an empty flat. This surprised him because Sherlock rarely went out, and whenever he did he always text John first. After putting the kettle on he sat down on his chair and pulled his phone out.
Sherlock kept working John, moving his fingers in and out until John was crying out in sheer need; need for Sherlock, need for more. Sherlock withdrew his fingers and grabbed the lube from the floor. Just as he was about to slick himself up John grabbed his hand.
When he woke up again he looked down at Sherlock to see a pair of eyes staring intently at him. Sherlock's hands were clutching at John's who were now resting on the detective's pale and exposed chest. When Sherlock saw John looking down at him he smiled a sleepy smile back at John's radiant one.
“Don’t ever say you didn’t do anything- you did everything. You were there for me when I needed you, no matter what you were doing or what time it was.”
“Sherlock,” she watched as his eyes met hers, “we had to help you with your breathing for a little while there, but you seem to be doing that all by yourself now which is good news. But we still need to get you to the hospital, okay?”
John took Sherlock's hand in his own and used the other to cup the detective's face. He leaned up and closed his eyes before closing the distance between the two and bringing Sherlock's lips together with his own.
John, still slightly dazed, was lying on the bed but noting Sherlock's absence balanced himself on his elbows and looked up.
They spent the next couple of hours quietly in Mycroft's office discussing preparations. Sherlock was surprised at how much Mycroft seemed to know about proposals, though he was certain that he had never had occasion to contemplate them. Nevertheless his knowledge was gratefully accepted and Sherlock finally decided that he was going to propose on their six month anniversary, which just so happened to be the day after John's birthday. He had just under three months to think of the perfect opportunity, to plan it and also to plan John's birthday. He still didn't know if John would say yes, but he did know, without a shadow of a doubt, that this was what he wanted, and he would try his hardest to make it come true.
"No, no. I saw him!" John shook his had briskly. "He was right here. I know he was! He was back. He came back for me." His voice trailed off, getting lower and lower as he sank to the floor. Lestrade quickly grabbed John by the shoulders before he collapsed and then something unexpected happened. John buried his head in Lestrade's chest and cried. His body slumped, all energy gone, all self-control dissolved. He cried and he cried, not being able to hold anything in anymore, until he had nothing left inside him. He whispered Sherlock's name over and over again and Lestrade held on to him, trying to keep him from falling apart completely.
"Nope, there will be time for details later. Now's the time for celebration," Sherlock said with a mischievous wink.
John’s mouth gaped open. “That was two days ago, Sherlock! Are you honestly telling me you haven’t eaten since then”? He didn’t know whether he should be worried, angry or impressed that the man was still standing- or in this case at least conscious.
"It is, Sherlock, but it's going to take a while. Let's get you in the shower," he said as he continued to lead Sherlock towards the bathroom.
He fell limply over Sherlock, both of them utterly spent and covered in sweat, but completely content.
John dropped the shopping bags off in the kitchen before going back into the living room and kneeling beside Sherlock, questioning the detective’s current situation seeing as he never stopped in the middle on an experiment and he rarely ever napped in the middle of the afternoon.
John looked between the two detectives, growing ever more concerned about what they had planned. “Ready for what, exactly?”
John lingered over Sherlock for a few seconds before finally sitting down in front of the detective. He grabbed one of Sherlock's hands and held it in his own. He placed his other hand gently on Sherlock's chin and forced him to look John in the eye.
He was infinitely relived that John had said yes and that he hadn’t pushed things too far or too early. John really wanted this for them. And soon after that realisation came the happiness. Looking forward to all the years spent solving crimes by John’s side, looking forward to all the time they would spend together, all the things they would do.
The detective opened his eyes and smiled up at John, but he still looked uncomfortable. "Sling," he muttered pointing at the floor.
It was then that the ambulance thankfully arrived and Lestrade pulled John out of the way so that the paramedics could get to work. One of them started working on Sherlock and the other was checking over the boy.
John simply smiled and finished his coffee. They made their way back to Sherlock's room where he saw the doctor had left already and Sherlock seemed to be asleep.
John broke the kiss and got off the bed and after taking off his trousers, socks and shoes returned to his position over Sherlock, now only wearing his pants. Once again, he thought about how Sherlock was wearing too many clothes and decided to deal with that fact immediately.
"Why was that?" It was question John had asked himself over and over again. For someone who took every chance he got to correct people, Sherlock had never once tried to explain the fat that he and John were not actually a couple.
"Sherlock," John called out and Sherlock twitched and widened in eyes in attention, "when was the last time you slept through the night?"
What John hadn’t been counting on was the fact that the man would find a rusted old baseball bat in said alley and proceed to threaten to bash Sherlock’s head in. As always John’s military habits- and his more protective side- kicked in and he stood a little straighter, eyeing the distance between Sherlock and the thief quickly and trying to find a way out without getting either himself or the detective injured.
He turned the telly off with the remote and carefully grabbed Sherlock under the armpits and brought him flush against his chest. The detective was pliant under his arms, clearly concentrating all his energy on hiding what was wrong rather than trying to get comfortable or actually doing something proactive that might help alleviate whatever was wrong with him.
The doctor shook his head and smiled lovingly down at Sherlock. "Absolutely nothing," he replied, "everything's perfect." He then reached across Sherlock, opened the bedside table drawer and removed something from within, which he then presented to Sherlock. "May I?"
"Do you honestly think that any scenario where you tie me to a chair is going to end with me eating and not with you on your knees?"
It was the reason why Sherlock’s migraines ever got that bad. He refused to take medication until he couldn’t think or do anything because he was always worried about anything that might trigger a relapse, but John knew that, which was why he was the only one that knew where the tablets were in the flat and always kept a close eye on the dosage he gave Sherlock.
Breathing a sigh of relief for being allowed to stay like this he relaxed into the embrace. He never thought he'd want this, being this close to someone both physically and emotionally had never been appealing to him. But John had come along and changed so much of him.
John put his plate down and closed the case file Sherlock was looking at, placed it on top of the others and took them over to the kitchen table. "I don't want to treat you like a child, but if you don't eat I will hide those case files." Sherlock made a mildly displeased sound before he grabbed the plate and started shoveling the food down as quickly as possible. "You might want to try breathing," John suggested.
After dinner he put the plates away and washed them before coming back into the living room. Sherlock had changed into his pyjamas and dressing gown and was once again lying across the sofa, now with his eyes closed. John turned the telly on before walking over to the sofa.
The paramedics worked quickly and efficiently and soon Sherlock was strapped down on the ambulance, ready to be taken to the hospital. Before John could say anything Lestrade had found out what hospital they were taking him to and carted John off to his car unceremoniously and followed the ambulance.
“What was that?” He grasped Sherlock’s hands in one of his own and lifted his chin up to look him in the eye. “What’s the matter now?”
"Shh, it's okay," John soothed, running his hands over Sherlock's curls, "I know you are. I'm not mad. Just please,
As he made his way upstairs he heard thrashing and muffed shouts coming from inside the room. He quickened his pace and when he opened the door he saw Sherlock thrashing in his sleep, the sheets tangled all around him. He was shouting 'let him go' over and over again and kept lashing out at an invisible assailant. Another nightmare, though clearly much worse than the one last night.
