“My friend! Your contempt for romance is a sight to behold,” Thor announced with a big laugh, perching himself on the armrest of Tony’s armchair where he seemed blissfully ignorant of just how much of his bulk encroached on Tony’s personal space. “Truly. Jesus wept.”
“You amaze me,” Steve whispered with a smile, answering Tony’s unspoken question.
“Incredible body. A great dick, solid John Legend.”
Historically, surprises that follow six weeks of missed dates and flimsy excuses weren’t the kind of surprises Tony liked.
Tony followed before he had a chance to doubt himself.
together, they always migrated upstairs when it was just the two of them.
“Over,” Jan said without hesitation. “Skinny jeans don’t suit you, Steve. Don’t go there. But, remember to give these time. Feel them out: break them in before extended use.”
It took all of Tony’s strength to resist averting his eyes in his shame. He had been so caught up in looking forward to basking in Steve’s anchoring affection that he hadn’t put two and two together. As a teen, Steve had found his dad executed and heartlessly discarded. He did the only thing he could have then, he carried his father’s body back so that he could receive a deserved resting place. Then for his mother to keep her illness from him, leaving him to watch her waste away over several days. Tony couldn’t imagine the trauma. As much as he missed his own mother, Tony had never known her, and Howard… well, Howard’s only role in Tony’s life had been to point out Tony’s faults and weaknesses - every way Tony needed to improve to deserve the throne. His two nannies had lived long, healthy lives that were filled with love, family, and friends outside of the palace.
your match.”
“Bucky’s been scary-good at the sugar baby talk, you’d be proud,” she said after a pull from her drink. “I never thanked you for taking time off to help us.”
“Alright, boss. Fine. Let’s go find you a husband.”
“I’m a realist,” Tony said, sensible as ever, but he didn’t linger on the thought. “Whatever, we should start looking for somewhere to sleep. It will be morning soon.”
For better or worse, it was shaping up to be a quick case. When Romanov called her first witness to the stand, one of Hansen and Barnes’s shared accountants told the court that he had found two large sums of money paid out on the dates in question. The amounts paid were reflected in the bank statements offered by both sex workers as evidence.
“Do you expect me to address your behavior without knowing anything about you? Why, you are both strangers to me,” Dr. Odinson pointed out, “I wouldn’t know you from Blanche, Rose, or Dorothy. Turner or Hooch. Now, we can sit here and look at each other’s noses as long as you like for 375 dollars an hour, but I do not believe that will solve any of your problems.”
When Steve had told him about the demonstration as an educational presentation, Tony had drawn from his own experiences and anticipated an auditorium, or something akin to a lecture hall. But when they were taken to the event hall to meet the other masters and their human pets, it was set up like a feast in a banqueting hall. The orange lighting was gentle and warm, and all around the room tables were laden with food and drinks.
Steve blinked back at him. He had never seen Tony malfunction before. Steve slowly moved his hand from left to right in front of Tony to see if he could get Tony to stop staring at him. Could the black suit be reminding him of Batman?
Tony stared back at him as if he couldn’t believe Steve was speaking such words to him, and like some comic animation, a deep blush rose in Tony’s cheeks. But instead of looking away or shying away from eye contact, Tony seemed spell-bound, and smiled back at Steve as if no other words had ever made him happier.
Tony froze. “This isn’t what it looks like,” he said at the same time as Steve smirked and assured Clint that, “this is exactly what it looks like.”
“You’re not wearing a jersey either,” he whispered against Steve’s neck, his breath hot and wet over Steve’s skin. It was all Steve could do to resist squirming, or shaking Tony off. “Are you getting one, too?”
Steve smiled at his question and took a moment to do the math. “Eleven years maybe? Unless I was already seventeen, I don’t remember,” he admitted, speaking around the interruption of the war. His father had been drafted when Steve was seventeen, and he had refused to let Joseph go alone. “I don’t remember the last day specifically, those days”—those happy, peaceful days before a living nightmare took over his life—“they bleed into each other. But we had a lot of fun.”
On top of him, Tony moaned under his breath from the satisfaction of being filled, and blindly he mouthed and drooled all over Steve’s neck.
“There is no misunderstanding, Stark!” Steve snapped at him without breaking his stride. “I’ve had it with enhancing my calm! I’m going to find Rumlow and enhance his calm instead.”
Steve snorted at the question, and with a sleepy slur in his voice, he blatantly lied. “Oh, yeah. Much nicer.”
“I don’t think this is going to work out,” Tony reported bitterly. “I overshot it big time, he’s a millionaire or something.”
Sometimes they met up at Tony’s place, a one-bedroom in the Lower East Side of Manhattan. It was smaller and noisier than Steve’s place, but Steve secretly coveted those mornings when he would wake up in Tony’s bed, surrounded by the spicy, clean scent that was so quintessentially Tony. He never felt as lazy or as spoiled as he did those mornings, watching Tony puttering around his kitchen in the nude through the French doors.
“Tell me you’ve got lube, Tony,” Steve moaned into Tony’s skin between sloppy, wet kisses. His spit tickling down the long column of Tony’s neck and left Tony arching into Steve’s firm bulk in a full-bodied shudder.
“And what’s this rumor we’re hearing, that you sent your copy of the book to Peter Parker?” Josh wondered with curious excitement. “When I caught up with him in, in November I think, he said that you shared notes with him on how to interpret the story?”
Tony’s private hoard of toys - affectionately called his treasure chest - was his pride and joy. He began his dutiful hunt for the best that money could buy in his mid-teens, and by now he had curated a cache boasting enough variety and exclusive collectibles to make Gillian Anderson blush.
Tony laughed quietly and mouthed at Steve’s lips with a playful bite. “Then will you let me take you to bed and tell you about my day?”
That, more than the LaWsp, made Tony cringe with discomfort. “Seriously?”
The jut of Steve’s jaw said everything. He knew his back was against the wall; he knew this was bigger than himself. This was bigger than his ex.
Steve crouched down and started the process of unlatching the locked manhole cover when Bruce seemed to finally realize that this wasn’t all a terrible nightmare.
“Now I am,” Brock admitted, leaning back against the counter so he could look his fill of Steve in his couture leather armor and beckoning him closer. Steve eagerly followed his lead, standing between Brock’s knees until they were so close they could speak in whispers.
“Captain Steven Grant Rogers, I am the Chief Director of Police Nicholas Fury,” the Chief said in a raised voice that had Tony stepping aside immediately. “We did not thaw you for a family reunion. You should be grateful Lieutenant Tony Stark did a probe on your relations at all. This is about you and Brock Rumlow. You may otherwise know him as Crossbones.”
“Then I hope she’s busy,” he mumbled mutinously, toeing the line between resignation and petulance. “If you only knew how nosey she can be—”
“Are you making struffoli?” Bucky asked as soon as Steve brought the wrapped up ball out of the fridge.
“Mr. Stark, are you there?” he heard Steve call through the phone. “This is not your fault. The murderer is to blame, not you. But you can be a part of ending it. Each of the victims deserve justice, Mr. Stark. You can help us give them that. Give closure to their families.”
. They looked like they went on forever. His jeans hugged him in a way that drew Steve’s eye without being obscene. It didn’t matter that he hadn’t seen Tony in weeks, Steve still remembered the firm, supple strength of Tony’s thighs where he’d held him down, where his whole world had come apart and come together all at once. Where he’d held on for dear life with all his hope in sight.
Tony looked at the calendar in his phone. May 16, graduation. May 18, move back home. May 21, Orientation at R&D. Steve’s happy daydreams about what their summer together could be like washed over him, so clear and vivid, and yet so implausible. Tony didn’t catch any specific words Steve was saying, but he didn’t have to. He shared the same dreams. Taking breaks from the workshop to visit Steve at the office. Meeting the doctors and therapists on site, Steve’s bosses and his colleagues who would be part of introducing Steve to his future career in physical therapy.
Tony almost missed it. “Huh?”
“It—hell, I wish I knew,” Steve moaned in complaint. “He said he wanted me to respect him, and wanted to take it slow. Carter, he didn’t stay the night. Who does that, what does that even mean?”
Steve put Tony’s clothes away in the hamper and tried to pick up around the room a little while before returning to the bathroom to join Tony in the tub. He undressed quickly, then carefully urged Tony to sit up and lean forward so he could slide in behind him. The water threatened to overflow, and Steve was careful not to make any sudden movements as he bundled Tony up in his arms and nuzzled into greasy hair.
- Golden Globes ceremony, Steve and Tony attend together; the former is very much anxious and excited about who might take home Best Actor in Motion Picture Drama, while the latter is convinced De Niro is taking it home for
“No, mein Schafes,” Steve said with a warm smile, “this we can do at home.”
“Very convincing,” Tony noted, to which Steve only gave him a flat look in return.
was i the only one who saw steve’s cameo in
“You don’t fuck me in the next ten seconds,” Tony hissed, mildly breathless from the pressure of his position weighing on his torso, “so help me god, Steve, I will smack you with every dildo under the—”
“I think we can do better,” he decided then, closing the boxes up and stretching to put them away on the wide ledge of the bed. Steve pressed a kiss to Tony’s shoulder and hummed softly in agreement, then slowly, careful of his stiff back, stood up again to hang their towels over the Tony’s old desk chair.
“Let us look at it for two minutes,” one of them dared to tell him, as if they hadn’t already spent twenty minutes poking at the four devices Steve had brought in for testing. “This is a simple problem—”
Tony made a face as he considered Steve’s argument. “Makes sense,” he agreed in the end, somewhat defeated. “Fine, okay. So, it
“Why don’t we see how your rivalry works off screen,” Carl continued suggestively, and Tony inhaled deeply in an effort to look more awake and curious. “We have a game we like to play called Initial Reaction. I will call out these randomly generated initials, and the first one to think of an actor or actress with those initials wins the point. First to seven wins the game.”
“Were you raised in a barn, child?” she chided. “You two wash your hands and come set the table.”
“Okay,” Steve smiled at him, relieved that Tony finally understood.
The thoughts kept circling through his groggy, bristling mind, and finally Steve rolled onto his back and stared up at the ceiling. He had been so near sleep a few seconds ago, but now he was wide awake with no hope of sleep in sight. There was no reason for him to be bothered about his friend having met someone and started a new relationship. He’d been happy as hell for Bucky when he and that stunt woman went from seriously dating to seriously engaged. Bucky, who’d been his friend since the first day of drama school, who Steve never went a week without texting or emailing or talking to somehow. Hell, even after he introduced Bucky and Sam on the set of
If Steve looked confused before, he was outright dumbfounded now. “...did you think Benedita and I?”
Steve didn’t look that convinced. “Do people announce engagements anymore? I thought only old world people did that.”
“What is
Steve choked on a gasp of Tony’s name. Wide-eyed, he watched Tony’s eyes close in pleasure, mesmerized by the sheer contentment in Tony’s expression. Then, Tony swallowed. There was no intention behind it, no attempt to coax another round out of Steve. It was enough intimacy to keep Steve’s mind from wandering and weighing on him, and Tony seemed comforted with his one task, glad and at peace with the weight of Steve’s soft cock on his tongue, filling his mouth.
My face is fine Tony
“You’re so hot,” Tony moaned in his sleepy-heavy voice. A faint blush rose in Steve’s cheeks, and he ducked his head before Tony caught his bashful smile. “Steeeeeeve,” he whined, reaching for Steve’s carefully styled hair and giving it an impatient tug. “You know you’re hot… fuck, you’re so hot, and this uniform… god, you should’ve waked me up by fucking me in your uniform.”
“Any siblings?”
“Then how about this,” Tony wondered out loud. “‘At least I’ll be there, and if shit goes down, we’ll go paint the town red’? Hit the bars, maybe get lucky—whatever, you and me, it’ll be great.”
“For the record,” Tony murmured between playful little kisses, “still clean.”
“Steve—please,” he whimpered breathlessly, tugging feebly at Steve’s hair until Steve relented and released his cock. “Fucking—you’re, fuck, you’re
“Just because it’s unexpected doesn’t mean I won’t enjoy it. I’ve never had Greek food,” Steve pointed out with a smile. “Order whatever you think I’ll like.”
Steve would hardly believe he wasn’t dreaming. Here was Tony, Tony who got him, understood how he moved and his strengths and his weaknesses. So he had no doubts when he sent everyone packing; in the end, it was just the small team closest to Steve, his sparring partners, the medic and physio, and Tony, drumming Steve through basics, re-familiarizing himself with Steve. And one by one, as people on the team beg off from exhaustion, Tony dismisses them individually, never as the full team, requiring everyone to work as long as they can, until even Steve's sparring partners are all gone. And by then, Tony takes the striking pad up himself and drills Steve on further, in part to see how far he can push Steve, but in part also because he doesn't want to end their time together. It wouldn't be until night time, when even Steve was swaying on his feet, that Tony would call it off, tell him to get back to the hotel and rest. But Steve wouldn't want to so readily admit he's exhausted; this was his chance to impress Tony, and he wouldn’t want to let him go either.  Steve would stay, hesitate, pouring sweat, standing but only just. Tony would be giving him advice on what to do in future, how to get what he needs out of his trainer and manager, but Steve wouldn’t really be listening as much as he was just waiting for his turn to talk. He knows what he's supposed to say: he was supposed to be grateful, to say 'thanks for today, I appreciate your advice,' but when the words left his lips, he was begging Tony not to go, to please not leave him, not again. Tony was the one Steve wanted next to him when he stepped into the ring next week.
“I don’t care about ‘all men,’
Tony shrugged, and he was already queueing up the computer with an innocent smile. “We do not have an appointment yet.”
Tony’s breath caught audibly when Steve grasped one side of his ass firmly in his ungloved hand, keeping him spread while he rubbed warm lube over his hole. Tony’s body was still loose from Steve’s cock earlier that morning, and now, Steve’s thumb slipped in easily. He tugged and rubbed at Tony’s firm rim, slathering him with lube before pushing in with two fingers, pumping slow and steady.
Then just like that, he removed his hands, leaving Tony slumped and weak-limbed with needful lust.
Steve covered one of Tony’s hands with his own, and he gave it a grateful squeeze. “It’s only two more days, sweetheart,” he said in a calmer, steadier voice. “I can survive unwanted looks and words for two days.”
“They’re not faster than cheetahs!” Harvey disagreed, and Tony gently squeezed Harvey's shoulder in a reminder to calm down. Harvey turned to him instead and asked, “Mr. Tony, isn’t it true that cheetahs are super fast?”
“Think you can ride the Captain that long?”
“If I wasn’t so happy to see you, darling,” she said over him with a big smile, pulling him into a tight hug even as he grouched and grumbled, “you’d be getting hell for calling yourself ‘company’.”
Tony grew more and more pale with every word Steve spoke, and almost looked nauseous by the end. “Captain Steven Grant Rogers,” he interjected suddenly, horrified. “Are… you are speaking of, of. Of fluid transfer?”
“I did,” Steve confirmed shamelessly. “And the latkes? I’d go back tomorrow, it was so good.”
. That look someone had captured in a screenshot and posted on ONTD to stoke Steve’s deepest, most repressed insecurities.
He left plenty of space between his caption and the picture so the picture wouldn’t pop up on Steve’s lock screen. But if he didn’t know there was a picture attached, Steve might be less inclined to respond quickly, and that was irritating. Tony glared at his phone for all the ten seconds he managed to be patient before trying something different.
“Not great? If that’s not great, what is?”
Fear rose with such force in Tony’s chest that it nearly choked him. “Steve Rogers, don’t!” he cried, and Steve turned to him with a questioning look. “Perhaps it is not the flesh of children, but do you see any cattle here? We are literally standing above excrement, this is not a sanitary environment for meal preparation. Do not risk your health so needlessly.”
“Jane would look at me like that,” Thor said with a sigh, looking down into his refreshed pint. “I miss her, Bruce.”
“Where are we going?”
“But I didn’t do anything Stephanie hadn’t already done,” Clint observed quietly, “how did I break the curse?”
The discrepancy in their schedules meant that when Steve sat up in bed on Monday morning to shut off his 5:30 alarm, the first thing he saw was Tony huddling further into the bedsheets. It wasn't even that Tony was particularly provocative in the morning; he was sluggish, he was difficult to wake, and he cocooned himself so fervently in the sheets that there was nothing visible left to tempt Steve but his wild bedhead.
The laws of supply and demand had never been more engaging. “Sweetheart, you got yourself a deal.”
Tony closed his eyes and bit his lip to keep from laughing in Steve’s face. But clearly, Steve could still feel and hear his amusement; he leaned in with a big grin to kiss Tony’s smiling lips. A moment later, Steve shuffled up in bed until he was partially sitting up, and he pulled Tony in closer again to hold Tony in his arms.
“Yeah,” he replied with a quiet confidence. “Yeah, we can trust him.”
“Right,” Tony agreed, counting off on his fingers, “his clenching jaw, kissing without consent as a sign of jealousy, being territorial. It’s everyday stuff that people ignore, but they’re important warning signs.”
“I need to tell you something,” Steve said before Tony could ask what was up. “It’s important.”
“Right, okay. Listen. Here’s the thing,” Tony said with feigned confidence, speaking quietly in case of active eavesdropping. “Uh, wait. What do you want first: the good news or the bad news?”
“Such a drama queen,” Steve observed sagely, and when Tony came around to help him out of the car, Steve perhaps leaned on him more than necessary. The grunt of effort that escaped Tony when he tried to haul most of Steve’s 240 uncooperative pounds to the door was worth it.
was loud and Tony’s answering moan of satisfaction was immediate. Steve could feel the tension building in his own body, a flustering heat coiling somewhere deep and filthy within him.
Carol turned and gave Tony the seething look that promised him he’d be thrown over the balcony into the pool in a heartbeat if he didn’t stop. Tony was intelligent enough to take the hint. He shut his mouth, cleared his throat, and smiled down into his cup of coffee.
Bucky and Rhodey quickly learned that the only chance they had of reining in their respective monarchs was to join forces. By combining their efforts and bridging their communication, at least one of them was always likely to know where both of them were. When Rhodey spotted Steve and Tony dancing in a dark corner of a club where Tony had only meant to get a drink, his first action was to text Bucky to let him know Steve was safe. When Bucky woke to the sound of an unusual crash in Steve’s apartment and rushed in to eliminate the threat, he found the two of them giggling in a tangle of bedsheets on the floor beside the bed, rubbing their heads where they had clearly tumbled over the edge like overeager teenagers. Bucky had cursed them out and stalked back to his own place where he texted Rhodey to let him know both idiots were safe from everything except their own damn selves.
“What about hyphenated initials?” Tony wondered, “would Joseph Gordon-Levitt count for JG?”
“How was the sex?” Bruce prompted then, and he gave Tony a sympathetic look. “Is that what was wrong?”
“Tony?” he asked quietly.
It took a moment for Steve to absorb Tony’s reply, but Tony saw the moment the tension bled out of Steve’s straining grip, and the gratifying look of pleasant surprise in his expression.
“Cashews, and infantilizing pet names.”
Occasionally, every day.
“I, em. I wasn’t aware that we had an assignment.”
Silence answered him from the closet. Steve took one step out and stared across his dorm room at him, stone faced. “What.”
Steve blinked at his phone, read the messages over twice, then quickly glanced up at the crowd milling around him. He wasn’t sure what he was expecting, but even as he tried to find Tony, something in his stomach curdled.
“Lately I feel like there is nothing special about me,” he was telling the computer.
Steve swallowed slowly and tried to steady himself. There were tears in his eyes, but all he had to do was breathe deeply to keep his cool and stop the tears from falling.
“Then don’t,” Tony begged. “Steve, what are—Steve?”
The tension of his stretch, of being folded into this position, accentuated the girth of Steve’s already thick cock, and Tony squeezed his eyes shut, whimpering and clawing at the cushions as he tried to breathe through the intrusion. A sob heaved through him again; he had been so close to release and now it was almost too much and too little all at once—his whole body had been singing moments earlier, excitement and pleasure tickling down his spine and everywhere Steve touched him, but now his entire world had narrowed down to the heavy, unyielding pressure stretching him apart and leaving him no space to breathe.
“I mean we’ve been good about talking about what we want and like before, this should be no different,” he reminded Tony. Whether it was instinct or Steve’s sixth sense, he absently stroked his fingers down and up the back of Tony’s neck in a gentle, comforting caress. Tony shuddered at the touch and couldn’t help but relax and lean into it.
“Anyone who can give consent and who our readers can relate to,” Tony replied for lack of a better answer. “I’m not trying to fall in love, I just need two or three dates.”
“No, Your Majesty,” Orfeo promised after a beat of silence. “They were for swollen stitches, sir. I feel better. I can’t believe you said my name,” he mumbled to himself in the end.
"Who do you think can do the low plank for longer, a yogi or a pilates—pilati?” Graham wondered innocently, then turned back to his audience with an encouraging look. “Ladies and gentlemen, wouldn’t we like to know?”
“An open secret when you start in this industry is that if you look different enough, they have to tailor your clothes for the jobs you do. And since it won’t fit anyone else after that, you get to keep them,” Tony started to say, half to the audience, and half to Graham. “Me, I happen to be average in every way - you pick up a medium shirt anywhere in the world and it will fit me. Everything, except my, uh, my ‘rear,’ as you put it. It is the only reason that suit hangs in my closet now. So, at least it’s not just along for the ride, it’s earning its keep, too.”
Brock gazed up at him with a grin, pitying in his amusement. “Steve, what are you talking about? Why would you want to do that?”
“You must search with compassion,” Clint gently pointed out. “How many men who have searched do you think have searched for her with genuine compassion?”
The first finger had been easy; two fingers was a tight fit. Though, the way Tony desperately cried for release, he didn’t seem to mind. Steve continued his direct assault now with two fingers, pumping into him and curling his fingers to begin the stretch before he dared to scissor his fingers inside Tony’s body. There was a whimper and a twitch of hesitation in Tony’s eager hips when Steve spread his two fingers wide at his hole, forcing the tight ring of muscle to accommodate the stretch.
It wasn’t news; Steve had made his feelings clear on multiple occasions in the months leading up to Tony’s graduation. But his faith in Tony always had the same effect, and even now, in a relatively unfamiliar campus, Tony desperately wanted to find a corner where they could hide and he could express his sudden inspiration of gratitude.
The lewd sound of slick, slapping flesh ended abruptly, and Tony immediately leaned forward to give Steve his attention. “Darling? What—what’s wrong?” he choked out. There was no hesitation or frustration in his tone, even though his voice was unsteady and strained with need.
The blond gave him a look of rueful amusement. “How cheap do you think this shirt was?”
The more he grasped for words and tried to explain himself, the more Steve realized that Tony was as nervous as he was. Maybe they were in the same boat of wishful thinking after all.
In the end, he waved off the officer and knocked on the door. He was armed, after all. He could take care of himself.
“I don’t like this divide and conquer plan they’ve got going, we should all be doing promotions together,” Steve said after his first sip. “Did you get to talk to any of them before they left?”
The museum was housed in Governor Pierce’s compound, a sleek, conical glass building comprised of his offices, his administrative staff, and a cultural history reflecting humanity’s moral decay and New Yorseylvania’s resurrection from the ashes.
“According to Swinney v. Neubert, Swinney, who was also a private sperm donor, was allowed visitation rights as long as he came to terms with the hours set by the parents. So if we’re sticking to past precedent, Mr. Latimer wasn’t stalking, he was clearly within his rights to ask for visitation.”
“Professor Hawley, could we speak?” she asked, speaking as if Steve wasn’t shivering in a cold sweat and Professor Hawley didn’t look like a spooked horse. “It is about the case; I have a concern about the—oh, Steve, do you mind?” she said, finally noticing him. “I’d like to speak with the professor in private.”
“Also, for the record: this face? It’s all mine,” he said, smirking with a heaping serving of pride. “This isn’t the magnum opus of some plastic surgeon, I really am this devastatingly handsome.”
Tony pursed his lips to keep from grinning at Steve’s unusually pouty voice, and instead made a show of rolling his eyes. “
“The first guy took him to some charity event at an art museum, so—”
“He is the first man whom I have met who feels like an equal,” Steve said without much trouble. Evidently, unlike Tony, Steve knew how to prepare for a meeting. “He is someone I feel I could speak to, and share my thoughts with without needing to explain myself. My career is important to me, and my sense is that his career is important to him,” Steve added, looking at Tony then, giving him a chance to interrupt if he wanted to. But Tony only watched Steve with a curious and mildly confused expression. “I respect that in a partner. He is kind to strangers, and when I needed him, he was there for me, without being asked. I could learn from him; I could be better, with him.”
Steve had heard rumors now and then about King Howard and the man he was before he lost his Queen. He had been adventurous and bold before he met the young
“Medic!” Steve shouted at the people who milled around him without offering any help. “Medic! He needs a medic!”
“Is it possible to be this lonely?” Bucky wondered between bites of his second hot dog. “Do you think it’s a permanent condition or it happens to you when you’re not paying attention?”
Steve reached around and pinched Tony’s nipple hard to recenter his focus, and the pain helped Tony to distance himself from the frightening alien audience. He whimpered softly and immediately closed his eyes, struggling to get his feet up on the bench for leverage as Steve had told him. Slowly, with the uncoordinated, slow pace of a novice, Tony pushed himself up and then down again until he found a stumbling rhythm he could maintain, fucking himself on Steve’s cock for all to see.
“And spare no details in your report! Take measurements. Remember, some of us are now living vicariously through you.”
: Mention of miscarriages, and minor character death.
“I’m serious, Tony.”
He spun around to glare at the nearest screen, and sure enough, the Red Wings had won the match.
“I’ll never be good enough for you, will I?”
Strangely enough, Steve found that he could relate to that. After all, was that not what he had done on a smaller scale at the gym, pushing his body against the unlikeliest odds? The effort and determination of a sickly foster kid to grow strong could not be greater than a boy training to wrestle animals ten times his size.
He watched her saunter away, a fantasy coiled in the masterful sway of her hips. Unlike him, Romanov was allowed into Q’s control room without delay. 006 always got what she wanted.
“Think of your children!” Tony said, but both Natasha and Bucky suddenly turned furious glares at him. “What?” he said quietly, “they always say that on cinematic discs.”
He was so far gone that he barely noticed when Steve's massaging fingers pressed into his ass, finger fucking him full of slick lubricant. First one thick finger, then two, until Steve could scissor his fingers and stretch Tony's tight hole to its new limit. Immediately and instinctively he tried to jerk free, but Steve held him there despite his soft cries of discomfort. Tony's hard, twitching cock flagged, and his casually spread thighs clamped together in an instinctive effort to push Steve's hand away, but still Steve didn’t release him.
“No,” Steve mumbled, blindly reaching back where he could feel Tony kneeling behind him. “No, pl’s.”
“Oh, wow,” Stark said softly in his surprise, his gaze catching on their detective’s badges as he eyed them both curiously. “What can I do for New York’s Finest?”
It was embarrassing how long Tony took to realize what she meant.
He closed the conference room door behind him and made his way around the table until he could pull a chair up for Tony to sit in again. Tony eventually complied, and Steve sat down beside him.
“But, uh. You know,” Clint eventually continued, “I’m glad you’re good with them, because, it, it’s important, you know, that my best man knows how to do fix ties. And, things. So, you know, since you can and all, I thought maybe you…”
“I’m just—just humor me here, okay?” Tony pleaded in undertone. Distantly, in the background of the call, Steve could make out loud voices and quiet music, and all at once Steve could picture Tony so clearly, worried and hiding away in the corner of some bar to make this call.
That, finally, distracted Tony from Clint’s enormous, blunt teeth. “You’re—you’re a fugitive?” he stammered.
There, in Tony’s protective embrace, Steve dared to voice his fears. “I’m never leaving you and my mom alone together,
But despite their people’s continued blessings, the King and Queen were repeatedly denied the gift they wanted above all. As the years passed, the king’s counsel grew more explicit in their advice to find a new Queen, one who could provide a healthy heir. On every occasion, the King refused.
“Steve, listen. I love you, I just can't marry you. You have no idea the pressure I’m under from my family: I come from five generations of senators. My brother is in the top three at Yale Law. He just got engaged to a Vanderbilt! That’s the kind of person I need to marry,” he added more gently. “An Eisenhower, a Kensington, a Kennedy. Not a first-generation college student who pays his bills as an underwear and swimsuit model.
“Not from where I’m sitting.”
In his new-found spare time, Steve reached out to the small but reliable group of seedy contacts he had. He needed to learn the most efficient way to harvest Tony’s hormones, pheromones, and bodily fluids, but also, perhaps most importantly, where to sell it.
“Broke contact?” Steve echoed in disbelief. “Contact? You call that—I haven’t touched you yet, what was that, Tony?”
“It’s a serious question,” Bucky reminded them both with his perfect poker face.
Unaware of any of Steve’s inner turmoil, Tony only blinked at Bucky in confusion. “Anything like what?”
“They won’t let us fish around in their membership data without good cause, not with their elite clientele,” Steve sighed, scrubbing his hands over tired eyes. Once he’d regrouped, he stole a quick, instinctive glance at his partner before turning back to Tony. “If you can connect any of the victims to these other websites, I’ll get a warrant for their data.”
When Clint finally could blink the blinding light out of his eyes and his vision adjusted to the early light of dawn, it was no longer Stephanie, the beautiful, young blonde who was with him in his cell: in front of him stood instead was a tall, muscular blond man. He had Stephanie’s blue eyes, the same nose, and the same mouth, but where she had soft curves, he had firm angles and planes of muscle, and where she had been lithe and supple, his frame all but bulged with muscle honed either in the hunt, or in combat.
“Alright, okay. Sure,” he finally said. “We’ll all just die, I guess.“
“Steve! If you’re not going to teach him a lesson, then I will—”
So when on Valentine’s Day Bucky got a call from Rhodey, he already knew what his counterpart had to say. He dropped what he was doing and picked up the phone with a tired sigh.
“I think I will need your help with some of these pages, Tony. They’re going over my head.”
Tony smiled brightly and laughed quietly to himself, but there was something about what Stephen said that he hadn’t thought of before. “You know, it’s a difficult movie to describe without giving too much away, but that’s maybe the best description I’ve heard yet,” Tony observed after a thoughtful pause. “This is a conflicted love letter to our current government, to the hate and the exclusion and what we are allowing our country to become. Many of us have to really grapple with what it means to be Americans today. A lot of us live in fear of our own country. These are the narratives that the writers distilled through the experiences of the main character - my character - Sebastián, who is… institutionalized?”
Rather than looking upset or disappointed, Jane nodded to herself as she mulled it over. “These rockets and shuttles, they made it possible for people to travel into space?”
After all, it wasn’t only billionaires who could use a break from day to day stress.
“It is water. Drink it,” Tony said as he pressed a tall cup with a straw into Steve’s hands. Steve looked at the cup, then looked at Tony. Slowly, he started to believe he was alive again.
“Due to the numerous hijacked and disappearing planes in the mid-21st, our thoughtful leader Governor Alexander G. Pierce deemed the risk too great to passenger life and unaccounted collateral damage. We are safe here,” she added, though after a short pause she quietly added, “but sometimes, I wonder if it would not be worth the risk to see the stars.”
Steve couldn’t believe his eyes. “You should visit more often,” he said to Tony under his breath. “This is a miracle.”
“We got three daddies on the hook, Steve had his first dates Sunday and today. You should see him now, he’s lost a lot of bulk these past two weeks. He looks like a budget Ryan Reynolds in the right light.”
Those were words Steve had only ever heard in his wildest fantasies. As warm and cozy as they were right now, he could easily have shoved Tony right to the floor in his excitement to read the latest Stark Adventures smut.
Steve was tall for a diver, but he was limber and he was graceful. Even from the balcony seats the diving platform looked much, much too high for any reasonable person to jump off of, and Steve did it
Nobody asked any questions when Tony finally excused himself from the lab early. It had been five hours since the attack, and after all this silence, Tony’s only remaining hope was that Steve was one of the many injured. He could not focus, not on his work or on the people around him; even opening his office took a few tries before he managed to wrench the key in the right direction. If he was going to be miserable, he might as well be miserable at home.
“The professionals call it a work-life balance,” Tony rumbled playfully once he pulled away, panting softly again against Steve’s parted lips. “You’re a big part of that, Steve. I want to marry you; I want you in my corner, full stop. You took seven months off to be with me before this,” Tony reminded him. “Did you regret it?”
“Your sister isn’t!” he cried with sudden excitement, his whole expression lighting up. “I can marry her.”
Steve was sliding the bookmark into place and moving to get off the couch when Tony straddled his thighs and dropped into Steve’s lap. Steve’s arms came around him easily, and with a quiet laugh Steve nuzzled into Tony’s shoulder. “That bad?”
“What are you talking about?” Clint called back, and in clear contrast to Tony’s heartache and shame, Clint was genuinely confused. “Stephanie isn’t the Last Chief.”
Sam nodded and echoed her sentiment. “There’s a lot of fish in the sea, Steve. Take it from someone who learned it the hard way: you don’t always need to reel in the one that’s fighting back.”
Dr. Odinson nodded and scratched some notes down for his reference. “To be clear, you have not been in a relationship in which you trusted your partner for eight years?”
Steve’s nightmares had only been Tony’s first glimpse into PTSD. He had known of it in theory, of course, and respected the survivors who struggled with it every day, but he had never before seen how it consumed their peace and happiness. Steve had been safe and happy - there was no place safer than their palace, and the crowd at the Christmas market had been nothing but friendly and welcoming. Steve had been so pleased that he could carry on conversations with young Mächtingen, and he had enjoyed seconds and thirds of so much of the food. Maybe it was the cold that had stayed with him, or the obscured, dark faces of people in the night-time crowd, or the sheer number of people they saw. There was no way to know what had triggered him, and the thought of how many men and women of old Terrini still suffered from PTSD unseen weighed on Tony’s heart. He had learned what worked for his Steve, but the three million people who now recognized him as king needed their individual, attentive care.
The audience burst into applause and laughing whoops of triumph, and Steve couldn’t help but preen just a little for them. Across the desk, Jimmy chuckled and shook his head. “I think I would, too, if a man like that was running behind me!”
Tony was still shell-shocked, so it was Clint who stepped up to ask, “Mom, can we see some proof of life for Steve?”
Steve guided his ass up, and boneless as he was, Tony whimpered and complied.
“When,” Steve whispered, his voice hoarse from fear. He remembered the last time he saw his father, leading a small group of soldiers into the night. He remembered finding his father’s body days later in an unmarked mass grave with the rest of his men. He remembered carrying his father back to their camp, he remembered making the call to his mother.
“We’ve been together ten years,” she said, starting the story from the very beginning. “He’d only started his company then. We married the next year, after he’d made his first ten million. Money was the most important thing to him, then; he didn’t have it easy growing up, and sometimes, when he’d had enough to drink, he’d tell me he was afraid I’d leave if he had no money… it didn’t matter how many times I reminded him I’d met him before the money, how it didn’t matter. When I got pregnant with Nora he finally started to think about his drinking as a problem. He didn’t want to become like his father. And when he’s there, he is such a good father,” she added with a bittersweet smile.
Ever since their wedding, the day before the summer solstice had become one of the most difficult days to work. Focusing on anything approaching productivity was nearly impossible, mostly because all Tony was good for was counting down the minutes until the transformation of his fully grown, brave war veteran of a husband into a playful, competitive force of nature.
“Yeah,” Tony said with a quiet, thoughtful expression. “Not sure I could do this without you, Steve. Not sure I’d want to.”
On an unremarkable night in spring, only weeks after their official engagement, Tony felt the change in Steve for the first time. They slept in Tony’s quarters then, and that night had been cold enough that they both pulled some layers on for warmth before getting under the covers. Tony wouldn’t remember what they talked about before drifting off, or who fell asleep first. All he remembered was the inexplicable alarm and spike of adrenaline that had woken him up in the dead of night, how tense Steve’s gentle arm had become. The soft touch of his fingers on Tony’s hip had grown firm and vicious in his sleep, his strong fingers seizing a fistful of Tony’s ass hard enough to bruise.
Tony sat on Steve’s bed, watching him pack. “Why do you have to go?”
Tony surged up after him and threw his arms around Steve, chasing his kisses with a hungry, biting greed—in one heartbeat, he seated himself in Steve’s lap, and in the next, Steve pushed back, pressing Tony down into the mattress on his side and crowding around him possessively, biting into the crook of Tony’s neck and thrusting his cock against Tony’s ass eagerly, grunting with the need to be inside him already.
,” Tony struggled to correct, blushing faintly even though he tried to pretend he wasn’t embarrassed. “We are life-long fans of the comic books. When Rhodey had the bull installed, he picked a round air mattress that looked like Captain America’s shield.”
An icy chill washed down Steve’s back, and he struggled to outwardly keep himself as calm as possible.
; this was week’s worth of work lost in a few lousy seconds. But worst of all, he was Tony fucking Stark. How was he supposed to face anybody after
Before Steve had to ask, Patrick did him the favor of tossing him his laptop. Steve sat up and typed Tony’s name into the Google search box immediately.
“I feel cold just looking at you,” Steve said under his breath, draping the blanket around his boyfriend before taking Tony’s hands in his to help warm him up by squeezing and rubbing feeling back into them. “What do you have in those bags, anyway? Is there anything left in your apartment?”
“Alright, Tony. Dinner on Monday,” Steve said instead. “I’ll be ready by seven.”
“Enough!” Carter snapped, shutting Steve up at once. “It has been a week and we’ve made no goddamn progress, Rogers. The Commissioner does not feel one author’s circumstances outweigh the threat to the city at large, and I for one don’t disagree with him. Take your meeting at the 62nd tonight, then go home. Tomorrow you hand over the task force operations to the FBI. I’ll give you two more days with the letters, but that’s final. Am I understood?”
“Doesn’t sound like that’s what he wants,” Bucky pointed out, and Sarah perked up.
The only difference was that this time around he was glad to be free of them. Even the thought of cheating on Steve made him sick to his stomach - Steve who loved him fiercely and fearlessly, Steve who would do anything for him if Tony only asked. Any attempt to spend time with such heartless lunatics was an insult to his man and his relationship, and Tony counted himself lucky to be free of their toxic lifestyles.
Steve leapt to his feet and threw himself at his friend who had collapsed in his seat in tears. Bucky spun around in his seat as soon as Steve’s arms were around him and hugged him back like a drowning man who’d finally been thrown a lifeline. He’d been so close to losing his family, and Steve couldn’t begin to imagine how overwhelming that kind of fear might be. So he did what little he could: held on tight, and offered quiet reassurances when he could that this was real - nobody would ever try to take his children away from him again.
“Boy, are they going to love you,” Tony drawled sarcastically, drawing a surprised laugh out of Steve. “I don’t even know how you could make that any worse. Vegan?”
“This feels nice,” he admitted, rubbing at the end of a pair of silk boxers. “Not worth one eighty-five, but it’s nice.”
“Yes, and who do you usually pick up with that kind of outfit?” Sharon interrupted him to point out.
Steve strangled the wheel until his knuckles started to turn white, but despite his evident temper, he somehow resisted shouting. Instead, he calmly bit out, “Why not?”
They fell into a easy, if a little stilted, exchange, and, forgotten, Steve started to relax. He peered at the two dogs that just wouldn’t give up on him, trying to push them away without being too obvious in his dislike for smelly, slobbery creatures, when he heard his name out of the blue.
When Rhodes checked on Tony shortly after, Tony explained Steve’s absence by saying he’d gone to bed early and sent Rhodes away to enjoy dinner with the rest of his team. Nobody could have guessed Steve was already in Tony’s bed, and that he had no intention of leaving until the next morning.
“I love you Tony, but you’re reckless,” Pepper told him, both kind and direct with her response. “First it was puberty, then you were a teenager, and then you couldn’t stop winning—there are people who care about you who don’t want to see you hurt—”
Tony practically draped himself across the desk to tell Jane everything he knew, whispering urgently as if he simply couldn’t get the words out fast enough. “According to the archival discs, these and many more acts of epic bravery are all true. His earliest tenure as Captain America was back in the 1940s—over 200 years ago! In that time, his nefarious nemesis was none other than Johann Schmidt, briefly a close confidant of the most despicable, loathsome specimen of our species. You know of whom I speak,” he said quietly after a brief pause. “I will not utter his name.”
Butterflies of excitement fluttered to life in Steve’s heart until he was light-headed with joy. ‘Future.’ A world of possibilities lived in that single little word, and man, what a future they had ahead of them. When Steve had listened to his mom and put his high school job on hold to go to college, he imagined that the best outcome was getting out on the other side debt-free and with a dependable office job. Never in his wildest dreams had Steve imagined that he’d run into the man of his dreams while getting drinks during the intermission of a comedy show on campus.
“Of course,” Steve said with great pride, “and you know I fully support that, right? You’re going to do so many great things, Brock.”
Steve’s valiant brain short circuited. In one moment he was desperately trying to think of how to cover his lap without giving away the obvious, and in the other, he couldn’t think of what word was the opposite of
“Tony, they’re starting an archery contest,” Steve said while Tony tried to covertly spear some of the grilled figs off his plate. “What do you think?”
With Steve’s endorsement, Tony joined the dozen other archers lined up for the contest. Onlookers cheered with excitement and applauded to see their king participating in his first event, until Bucky took his place beside Tony in the competition and a silence fell over the crowd. Tony stared slack jawed in genuine surprise, and around them their audience suddenly roared with laughter and applause to see the king’s own bodyguard coming in as a challenger.
In the silence that Steve allowed between them, Tony stopped what he was doing and looked up. He looked anything but surprised or betrayed. He looked like he had been expecting this visit for some time.
“I will hurt you,” Bruce warned him and finally dumped the bran muffin he’d been torturing himself with, then sat back with a happy cup of tea.
“Steve,” he said with a forced calm. “Did you and Tony have plans tonight?”
“So,” Steve said eventually, frowning as he struggled to find the words. “How will I know where to start? I don’t mind compromising, I just—”
was the highest grossing film last year, so it’s safe to say people know your name around the world. Have you had a chance to enjoy that? Because, tell me if this is right, you did four movies in ten months?” Stephen asked in mild awe, glancing at his card for confirmation.
The pets rested with their masters beside them and watched as benches were brought in to fill one half of the room. A few of the hopeful future harvesters had already trickled in to take the seats at the front. Tony dared to hope at first that there wouldn’t be so many of them, but it seemed that a large cluster of their audience turned up together in a wave of bright-eyed, bushy-tailed humanoids.
“That’s a clever question, but I won’t fall for it,” Steve replied in a quiet voice, in the hopes that Tony wouldn’t be offended. Instead, Tony laughed at being caught, and by the time they got on the fourth escalator, he had buried his cold nose in the warm, soft skin in the crook of Steve’s neck.
Tony blinked down at the phone, genuinely blindsided. “You—you do?”
“Do they use them to fight lions, too?” Harvey wanted to know, but Flora seemed upset by the thought.
That didn’t mean
“Nothing like that, Steve,” Tony eventually sighed while Steve strained to catch the cues Tony tried to hide. “Thor and Danvers confirmed it: we don’t know how, but Thanos is history, and—that’s done, okay? This is about you and the samples we started working on two years ago - remember, after Future-You said Hydra kept him alive and used him? Bruce and I started working on a formula that could sedate super soldiers for that worst-case scenario?”
“It was only an hour ago,” Steve muttered, finally stopping his anxious pacing to drop and sprawl on his couch.
“No… no, you’re right. Guess he’s more resilient than I expected,” Tony mused to himself, working through the problem Bruce had pointed out. “We’re—I don’t know what we’re doing tomorrow, but he’s weird about PDA, like no—no disrupting the peace. Hates bad attention. Think that’s how I’ll get him.”
“Thor?” he called through the door as he knocked obnoxiously. “Thor, open up, it’s Father Christmas, I need you to come out here and be a good boy at work!”
Steve was going over the last few briefs of the day when Bucky came in to report where they were on the car. The lab was still working on the car itself, but two witnesses had seen a man dumping the car into the river. It had been dark and rainy that night, but they were both convinced it was a man in a grey hoodie, and he wasn’t noticeably tall or short, or obese. He was average in every way.
Steve jogged across the road, then came to an awkward stop in front of him. He tried to smile, but Tony only nodded in greeting.
“Dispatcher: all nearby units, ProtecServe Madison and 57th,” Fury told the weeping man behind the service desk. “Officers, pull yourselves together! There is nothing to fear now. The heinous criminal will be back in the ice and a forgotten memory by the time you’re home to supper with your families.”
“Maybe they’re getting married?” Natasha thought out loud, though she was least familiar with them.
“I would’ve killed for that line!” he whimpered through his laughter, and it took Miriam a moment to catch up with the rest and remember that Tony was there for his role as Dracula.
Steve could only stare back at Tony. “You turned me into a
He let Tony lead the way, and he did his best to ignore the unexpectedly domestic building they were walking into, if questionably shabby. They trudged up the stairs in silence, until Tony led them down the hallway to a door with a new welcome mat.
Without another word, Tony pushed his way off the deep, plush, and entirely too comfortable couch. He placed the water bottle on the coffee table and picked up his loafers, and walked himself out.
Detectives AU, wherein they're detectives in the same precinct, and Steve & Tony are still fairly new as a couple. Tony wants to do right by Steve for his birthday, despite lack of foresight. Inspired by Brooklyn 99.
Not until Steve leaned in close, and caught his eyes through the mirror.
“Her loss.”
It took a little time, but together they adjusted the seat, visors, and monitors in the car to accommodate Steve’s height until he was comfortable. Tony talked him through it step by step, and to his continued amazement, Steve learned it almost faster than Tony could teach him. Soon, the dashboard’s navigation system came on and they were on their way as Steve easily followed its instructions to merge the car into the ambling morning traffic.
The heat really wasn’t all that bad, but after just ten minutes of digging, the layers had to come off. He pulled off his long sleeves and tossed it into the back of the truck.
The mission was a failure in so many ways.
, he only tasted the promise of orgasm without its blissful release. He keened and arched his back, desperate for a new angle, anything, until Steve shifted his grip from Tony’s thigh to his calf, forcing his leg straight and adding to the tension of his position.
Whether it finally was his cut off sob that did it, or if Steve was getting to the end of his rope as well, finally, it worked. With a soft reminder to keep his eyes closed, Steve withdrew his fingers from Tony’s ass, took a moment to roll on a condom and slick himself up before finally lining up and breaching Tony’s body.
When that didn't happen, Tony made up his mind quick enough.
It was easy to stay organized with the structure Pepper had developed over the years. Over the next several hours, Tony and the two detectives pored over box after box of nasty fan letters, only coming up for breath when lunch arrived, courtesy of Tony Stark. He hadn’t known what to get, so he’d ordered a little of everything - Chinese, pizza, sushi - but he’d made sure to include the one universal police food: powdered jelly donuts.
Stephanie frowned, but she was too thrown by Tony’s behavior to know who to respond. Tony had never treated her with such disdain. She kneeled beside him on the dirt floor of the cell, hoping that would at least make Tony look at her.
None of Steve’s thoughts led anywhere fruitful before Tony came through as promised. In a short laconic message Tony identified the nurse he’d dealt with as Richard Kline.
The four men turned as one to look at Natasha with varying looks of confusion, interest, and fatigue.
“I just got back from New York,” Rhodes told Steve calmly. Steve wouldn’t look at him again, but he did hold his hand up when Bucky started barking in reply, wordlessly asking his friend to be quiet. “Listen, I know he hurt you, man. But the way he’s hurting… this has been on his mind for months. I don’t know what lies his parents pushed on him this time, but this isn’t something he’s chosen to do, Steve. I don’t know how that’ll help, but just… it wasn’t anything you did, alright?”
“I know it can be smaller. I was almost there, I could feel it, I could see it in the math—I could see it, but I couldn’t do it. I’d pushed it as far as I could bringing quantum mechanics and relativity together, but it wasn’t enough. Of course, I couldn’t show Howard, it’s too easy to weaponize. So, I reached out to CERN. They invited me to try again at their facilities, and I took my prototype with me. That was two months ago,” Tony finished with a quiet voice, then he reached into his back pocket to pull out his phone. Without a word, he laid it on the table between them and nudged it closer to Steve.
“On what planet is that not funny!” he wheezed with laughter.
“Ma, I gotta go!” Steve said so fast it might as well have been a single word. He closed the file and dug in his notes until he finally found what he needed.
Happy in his sudden clarity, Tony finally noticed the name trace had turned up one e known KGB alias. Yelena Belova was a Black Widow.
“What is this, Tony?” Steve asked even as he sat the bags down on his desk to snoop around. One was stuffed with chicken wings and Chinese food containers, and the other had two six packs of beer. “You carried all of this up from the parking lot? Tony—”
“I’m not patronizing you, Steve,” Tony told him, gentling his tone as if he knew it was a sore subject. “Patronizing you would be hacking into the database and fixing your grades. And trust me, that’s infinitely easier than driving across the bridge and checking into a hotel. I can’t do much to help, but if you’d just fucking let me, I can help you in economics, and take you away from your snoring roommate for a few nights before you do something insanely physical.”
Tony opened his mouth to speak, but found he couldn’t decide on what to say. He liked too much of what was so naturally coming together between them, and the more he allowed himself to consider the possibilities of uniting their kingdoms under a shared rule, the more he found he preferred it to the shortcomings present.
“You self-righteous, egotistical faggot!” he bellowed in his rage, and every head in the office turned in their direction. Steve was the last to turn and face him, and his was the only expression that was indifferent to the whole fanfare.
The urge to put it on was overwhelming, and Tony hurried to give it back before he acted impulsively on a matter that deserved serious, careful thought.
“And should you need guidance on the acts that follow,” Thor added to the consensus of murmured agreement, “I have millennia of experience with all variations of your kind. With Jane’s permission, of course, I could demonstrate—in fact, she, too, is exceptionally talented, you could learn a great deal—”
For those unfamiliar with Cooper Union, it is an incredible and a historic institution of the arts in New York City that's been there since 1859. It's relevant in the context of this story because
“You are my friend and steadfast mentor, Lieutenant Tony Stark,” Jane replied without hesitation. “On this occasion that I may help you in return, I gladly accept. Captain Steven G. Rogers,” she said as she stepped up to the desk where Steve was working. “If you do not require food or use of lavatories, I request that we depart at once. We have much to accomplish and little time to do so.”
Only silence answered him for some time.
“Grunt twice if you’re in the hospital.”
“Steve?” Tony called, then looked at his mom. “He okay?”
Steve couldn’t stop smiling even as he laughed and said, “Tony, it’s only 1pm.”
“Your parents, are they still married?”
He released Steve’s soft cock from his lips with great care, then sat up to look around them. Only the other masters remained with their respective pets.
“Come on,” he said quietly, kneeling on the bed long enough to gather Tony up in his arms and lifting him up. This time he walked with confidence, because he knew exactly where he wanted to go.
“He kissed me—
“Is that the kind of thing fancy schools teach you?” Clint asked with a little grin, hanging up his hat on a hook before wandering through to the kitchen. Steve followed him, increasingly amused by Clint’s continued surprise at how clean everything was.
Since his dusted memories and spiraling emotions stopped him from following the primary line of reasoning - when, where, who, how, why - Steve changed tact and focused on the physical space around him. Small, concrete facts he could build on. Using the smallest possible movements that hopefully wouldn’t alert anyone who might be watching, Steve determined that his hands were zip-tied behind his back and his ankles were tied with rope to something metallic. The room was cold - that kind of wet, freezing chill he could feel down to his bones - and to make matters worse, Steve could feel the slick gloss of the floor against his whole body, meaning that he’d been stripped naked.
Before Steve could ask what he was doing, he saw Dummy come prancing around the corner, making a beeline for Tony.
“Yeah, pretty sure it was supposed to be about the both of us,” Tony drawled. “Bye, Steve.”
Thor disagreed.
Tony’s laughter calmed then, his expression warming with a smile Steve hadn’t seen before, and somehow, over the inexplicable gallop of his own heartbeat, Steve heard Tony’s answer.
After a long day of foraging, gardening, and walking the perimeter of the swampland he called home, Tony could finally sit back in the peaceful silence to enjoy his dinner. While the wind pounded against the wooden walls and the closed shutters of his sturdy little cottage, a fire crackled in the hearth, and Tony could enjoy his smoked water-snake in relative peace. If he didn’t chew it too carefully, it didn’t taste too bad either—chewy, sure, but pleasantly bland with his turnip mash.
Steve smiled, and stole a tender, lingering kiss while Tony was still turned his way. “You have my word. You’ve had it since college, sweetheart, I’m not going anywhere.”
“Then why don’t I deserve to share a more serious life with you, Brock?”
,’ and started the coveted task of unwrapping his lover. It was fairly easy business unzipping his jacket and getting one naked arm out of its sleeve, but Steve was snoozing on his side, trapping his other arm.
Tony put on another of the jeans his mother had bought him, one that didn’t have two days worth of grime and sweat caked into it, and found the oldest church-appropriate button up in his closet. It was a little short at the sleeves, but it fit, so he buttoned it up, tucked it in, and picked a tie.
“Tony?”
“They don’t all look like me and you,” Steve warned him before they left his home for the first time. “Only a few of us do; that’s why we’re hired to visit your kind by—what did you call it?”
By contrast, from its shared history with Bavaria and Bohemia, Machtberg embraced Christmas with vibrant markets and hardy food. Antique gilded carousels were assembled in parks and town squares all across the kingdom, inviting families to celebrate the festivities of the season. Everywhere the smell of flavorful sausages, roasting chestnuts, and mulled wine filled the air, and no expense was spared to add the sparkle of excitement in every child’s eyes.
“It’s, it’s our,” Tony tried again, wheezing through the laughter and the hapless tears. Steve’s eyes went immediately for the sheet of paper Tony had pulled out of the FedEx envelope, and without a second thought took it from Tony’s hands.
the captain is packing
“I never thought I’d hear you call me that again,” Tony whispered, his words warm with affection but catching on a sob that threatened to overtake him. “I love you, too, Steve, and I promise I will never leave you in the dark again.”
Steve acknowledged Tony with a shaky nod. Tony continued talking - promising that they’d monitor him, that they’d confirm whether the same was going on with Bucky when they put him under on Friday - but none of it contended with the thoughts at the forefront of Steve’s mind.
“Never,” Steve promised, but Jane continued without so much as acknowledging his answer.
He was so caught up in what Steve’s mouth was doing that he didn’t notice Steve’s free hand reaching for his cock. It was only a gentle, leisurely touch at first, but it quickly built into a tight grip and fast strokes, milking the orgasm out of him.
When he returned at the end of his shift, Steve left the four canisters he was assigned to fill that night. The sleeping human and his additional two canisters, he carried home with him.
“You’re a stranger I still love, Steve,” he confessed on a soft breath. “Kiss me so I can know you again.”
“No, not at all,” Steve grinned, and taking Tony’s hand in his own again after the security check, he led the way to the escalators with a newfound eagerness. “It’s only going to make my surprise better.”
As Steve’s breathing evened out, Tony covered him with a soft weighted blanket. It was as if he’d been waiting at the ready to make sure Steve had every chance to catch his breath without allowing him to go cold. Despite wanting to feel Tony’s every last touch, the added warmth and comforting pressure of the blanket left Steve drifting away. Tony freed his legs one at a time, moving from ankle, to knee, to thigh with gentle hands and endless kisses. Gently, he helped stretch Steve’s legs out, massaging the aches and tension out of his legs with the same lavender oil from Steve’s anointment. The deep pressure of Tony’s strong, confident fingers kindled an undercurrent of lust through the satisfied haze Steve had lost himself to, and distantly he felt that all familiar heat coiling at the base of his spine, and his cock valiantly twitched in a feeble attempt for another go.
“Sweetheart, you hungry?” Steve whispered, rubbing his big palm over Tony’s lower back. He wasn’t digging in with his fingers or his knuckles yet, but the firm pressure and warmth of Steve’s hand helped soothe some tension from Tony’s stubborn muscles.
“Now is good,” Tony rushed to say before
“People go through the roof when gas prices get close to three dollars per gallon, meanwhile, this shit is—is, what, 90—no, 88 dollars per gallon! Who does that!”
Without a look back at Tony and his horse, Steve turned the key in the ignition. He knew what he had to do.
Color rose in Steve’s cheeks at the words pouring out of Tony’s mouth, and he ducked his head with a bashful smile. He took a moment to steady himself before he could look up and meet Tony’s eyes.
Served him right.
“Don’t sell yourself short,” Steve assured him after a brief silence. “You’re sweeter than you think.”
“Because he showed me the pages last night, he hasn’t even finished it,” Steve explained as calmly as he could. “I know this scene, Buck. He wrote that scene after we slept together, but the draft isn’t far enough along to describe tying up the legs. I only know about it because the victim is posed like me.”
“This is body against body,” Tony replied. “In chess, your opponent’s potential is equal to yours. You're both people. But your power against a bull… the odds are impossible. It’s chess against the computer, or math against Stephen Hawking.”
“Don’t you take that tone of voice with your mother, boy.”
“Or you could put the phone down on speakerphone and let me eavesdrop,” Tony suggested in a conspiratorial whisper, making no effort to hide how amused he was. Steve snorted quietly and rolled his eyes to himself, but said nothing. Instead, he thumbed speakerphone on and put the phone down on the island counter to help Bucky unload his loot on the table.
Stephanie stared at Tony with an agitated frown, as if she just couldn’t accept what he was saying. “But,” she started to say, but her voice trailed to silence almost immediately. Briefly, she glanced in the direction of her dragon, and when she looked back at Tony again, there was a clear resolution in her determined gaze.
Steve gave him a moment to let the embarrassment pass, but Bucky wouldn’t stop frowning into his M&Ms. “Give me that,” he finally said, plucking the bag out of Bucky’s hands and carrying it on to their kitchen.
“Sir, yessir,” Steve growled back, panting softly for catching his breath. He pressed closer eagerly to reach Tony’s lips again, but Tony’s grip of his hair held firm with the faintest distance between them. Steve mewled irritably under his breath, but since he couldn’t reach his prize with his lips, he swept his tongue over Tony’s lips for an obscene, indulgent taste.
“So, what you’re saying is, if we want to interrupt her binding ceremony,” Tony said as patiently as he could manage, “you can stop the Chief from turning us into asses?”
“Then we don’t go to Lumine,” he suggested, including himself in Steve’s plan as if there had never been another alternative. “The border to Bavaria is the closest. It’ll be confusing as hell, I don’t think there is a law in place for a king to be outside the kingdom under martial law since he’s the judge, jury, and executioner, but—”
“No, he’s in admin,” Jane explained, too busy taking in the perfectly decadent view to notice the kaleidoscope of emotions flickering across Tony’s face. “Higher up in management; Thor said he’s basically the guy who makes the pediatric department go.”
Tony was already out of breath and begging for him. “I miss you, my love,” he whispered hoarsely, looking through the camera into Steve’s eyes. Steve’s breath caught in his throat, and mindlessly he reached down to press the heel of his palm over his aching cock before he lost his mind.
Steve quirked his head when Tony really paused after asking for his attention, and Steve gently nudged Tony’s foot under the table with the toe of his boot to urge him on. “Yeah?”
“You're the best and I can't wait to eat, like, half a pan, before it goes cold,
“Steve, thank you,” Tony said just as their food arrived. There was a brief pause in their conversation as all the plates were arranged on the table between them, and a quick plan of attack was agreed upon.
Tony mewled helplessly, when in one continuous motion, Steve pulled out, flipped Tony onto his belly, and fucked into him again. They weren’t the shallow rolls of Steve’s hips from before, but slow, full-length thrusts that bled the tension from Tony’s muscles and warmed his body with the promise of euphoria that Tony almost didn’t feel the smooth, blunt object pressing against the stretched rim of his ass where it strained to accommodate the girth of Steve’s thick cock.
“Sir is already on his way,” JARVIS reported without remorse while Bucky shoved the pillow away to look at Steve like he was crazy.
Tony frowned a little at Steve’s question, then stepped in a little closer to quietly ask, “Were you not able to use the facilities at the prison, Steve Rogers?”
Bucky hummed quietly in what Steve could only assume was surprise. “Thank you, Mr. Stark,” Steve said, pleasantly surprised himself. “Who else has been with you from the start? Family or partners, colleagues, collaborators?”
“I don’t,” Tony tried to explain as he panted for breath. “I don’t like so, so many kisses in the morning.”
Tony tossed and turned all night, and finally gave up on sleep around six the next morning. He rolled over and grabbed his phone off his night stand before so much as thinking about facing the world. Among a variety of email notifications and news updates were two sole messages that had come in from Steve around four in the morning.
reference one of my books, would you let me use that username? As inspiration, of course,” he clarified with a straight expression - or what passed for a straight expression when one was still giggling and wiping tears away.
From breathless kisses in Tony’s office to eager, roaming hands in the library, they finally made their way to the living room in a laughing, tangled mass.
It might have worked on most people, but Carol knew Tony. More importantly, Carol knew how Tony and Steve got around each other in fancy dress, and the way Tony looked in his smart tuxedo Carol wouldn’t trust a word out of his mouth.
“Steve?” Tony asked when Steve hadn’t moved or looked away from his wound for some time. “Baby, hey, I’m alive it’s ok, just bleeding like an uncooked ham so if you could call an ambulance instead of throwing up or something, that’d be nice. Great, actually. Steve? Hey, Steve?”
“Let me touch you, sweetheart, please,” Steve whispered, reaching with his fingers to stroke up and down the exposed cleft of Tony’s ass. His cock was already hard between them, the head wet with precum; it would have been so easy to take what he wanted.
Whether Steve was giving in to his possessive or protective streak didn’t matter, because he never failed to reduce Tony to a hot, giddy mess. Tony would invite his touch and hold him close any way he could, whether he’d squeeze his legs around Steve’s waist, curl his arms around Steve’s neck, or as on one memorable occasion, smack Steve in the face and hold on to his hair.
Once invited, Jane strode into the Lieutenant’s office and quickly circled palms with Tony in greeting.
The next thing he knew, Tony’s world consisted of the spicy, comforting smell of Steve’s cologne, he was floating in a warm cocoon, and he felt happier than he had for as long as he could remember.
“Water, please,” Tony called after him, and he toed his shoes off and made himself comfortable in the corner section of the couch by the time Steve came back with two water bottles and sat down beside him.
“Oh,” Steve quietly said after a beat. “Was it an RSVP thing?”
“Look of his arms, love,” Colin murmured in his deep, lyrical accent, and like a moth to the flame, Tony felt himself leaning after his voice with a shameless smile. “I’d rather take my chances with you, if it’s all the same to you.”
He had dreamt for so long for this chance, for this moment to steward and to earn his place as a gold status adult. The stewardship was a silver class citizen’s chance to prove that they saw themselves as part of society, as something bigger than themselves. The stewardship was not for the benefit of the citizen ascending to gold status, but for the juvenile being mentored. The steward was only ever meant to be selfless and giving.
“‘s okay,” he snickered quietly, “Next time.”
“Please! Oh, lord, of course come in, Your Majesty,” Orfeo rushed to say, but when he tried to sit up out of respect, he abruptly stiffened and grunted in discomfort. Tony hurried in and sat the platter down.
“I’m not going back to modeling after this season,” he said as calmly as he could. “I’m going to law school instead. Harvard Law.”
“It will be my genuine pleasure.”
At the intersection of Madison and 57th, Brock slid out of Cho’s car and wandered to the nearest CompuKiosk, whistling and pleased as punch. All around him, people stopped and stared at the fitted jeans and skin-tight muscle shirt he wore that clearly advertised the strength and size of his body to anyone who looked.
With one hand still protectively cradled around Tony’s face, Steve accepted the one-way communicator he was given. He considered it briefly while eyeing his pet, peacefully resting with his head in Steve’s lap and Steve’s cock pillowed on his tongue. Tony was obedient and eager to please, but Steve had no way to know how Tony would react to an audience of hundreds.
Tony pulled the cruiser into a small lot attached to a tall, glossy building full of overhanging greenery, small waterfalls, and spacious balconies. There were only four open parking spaces in front of the building, and Tony pulled into one seemingly at random. Steve watched as the steering wheel retracted into the dashboard, and as they made their way onto the curb, the parking spot smoothly separated from the rest of the pavement and sunk underground, carrying the car to an unseen parking facility beneath them while another slab of pavement moved into place to expect the next resident’s conveyance vehicle.
Steve looked down at his glass with a frown. There was no question in his mind why Clint would do such a thing, but just hearing more about how there were foster families out there who loved all their children made him bitter with envy.
“Are you going to make us guess?” Barnes asked dryly.
“You,” Brock replied, dumbfounded. “You got into Harvard Law?”
“That’s why it’s funny,” Steve managed through his laughter, wiping his stray tears away. Tony smacked him on the shoulder and called him an ass, but that only set Steve off again, giggling helplessly.
Tony was rich.
“Kneel, my honorable Chief, and Stephanie,” an Elder instructed in a gentle voice, and before the entire tribe, Chief Talia and Stephanie kneeled on the grass at the Elder’s feet for the ceremony. She took Stephanie’s right hand and the Chief’s left hand, then laid one over the other. With a long, woven red silk rope, she bound their forearms, wrists, and hands together. “As we reflect on—”
When they reached the restaurant, Steve’s jaw dropped. The marble building gleamed under the light of numerous spotlights, and the stained glass windows inset across the pediment were backlit to highlight the various scenery of farmers and families who smiling labored to harvest the crops presumably intended for Taco Bell’s culinary feast. The crowning feature of the restaurant building was the glass dome that climbed high over the trees, and even from the car, Steve could make out the waiters in their white tuxedos and bedazzled sombreros carrying silver trays of food to the fortunate few who could dine at the top.
He gave Tony an ultimatum: stay in New York with Steve, or move to Virginia and make the most of his chance with the Feds.
Tony ached from the tips of his fingers to the bottom of his heart. Steve was not his family or his lover, his pain was not Tony’s to bear. But Steve clutched onto his Bucky with such desperation that it weighed on Tony’s soul. He couldn’t understand if Steve was holding on so fiercely because he was afraid of losing his friend again, or if he was afraid of being left behind. Steve hadn’t grieved at the Cryo-Prison when Tony told him his world had passed him by, so to see him grieve so openly and so deeply made him wonder when, if ever, Steve had truly felt safe or supported in Tony’s company.
“What would make you happier, Stark?” Steve asked when Tony put down his empty glass of ice cubes. “Sartorial range is my middle name. Dumb lumberjack? Dumb jock? Dumb construction—”
“As you say,” Tony sighed in agreement, then turned to look at his anxious partner. “Bruce Banner, my friend. I will not allow you to endanger your eligibility to sow offspring. I formally request that you return to the precinct and inform them of our plan.”
“A dinner date can’t be leftovers until, what, the tenth date?” Tony decided without so much as asking for input. “I wanted to take you to the Factory Bar. They have these apple and bacon dumplings I thought you might like.”
He was typing up an assignment for Levinson’s class when a knock on his door caught his attention.
Steve gentled his grip and eased Tony back onto the mattress to lean over him, braced on his hands and knees to press a soft kiss to Tony’s forearm. “Babe?” he whispered softly in his concern. “Is it, um. You okay?”
As he came up, the first thing Tony noticed were the man’s broad, muscular shoulders. Firm, beefy biceps flexed from the effort of helping to lift Tony into a seated position. Already the man was unfairly attractive, Tony didn’t need to look up and see that strong jawline and defined cheekbones and blue, observant eyes. Marple must have found him mid-jog; his Under Armour clung to the firm definition of his body and his skin was still damp and flushed from exertion.
“Tony!” he hissed, getting a hand up at the last second to brace their impact before the ledge of the workstation dug into Tony’s back.
“Brock Rumlow,” Tony read quietly to himself as Fury marched over to his terminal to verify that it was, in fact, saying the same thing that was being projected onto the wall.
For his first day of classes, Steve made an added effort to look presentable. His favorite pair of slim-fit Dior jeans with a blue-grey button-up rolled up to his elbows would have been a smart choice for any occasion, but first impressions were important. He dug through his closet until he found a brown wool Herringbone Tweed vest. It was a vintage piece that had been altered for him for one of his earlier photoshoots, and while at the time he’d worn it open over a pair of gunmetal grey speedos, it was one of the few vests that closed over his chest to define his slim waist and his broad shoulders without drawing unnecessary attention to his pecs.
was loud and deeply satisfying, and under him, Steve felt the vibrations of Tony’s groan of relief.
“I did call to ask you out to dinner yesterday, didn’t I?” Tony replied with a playful smile. “This wasn’t exactly what I had in mind, so we can’t count this one, but—”
“What I’ve done? I gave a whole fucking community a hero!” Tony snarled in reply. “For the kids who are struggling to be themselves because they don’t fit the mold, they can look back and remember when they watched you score the penalty that got us our first Olympic medal in 2020. And now you’re the man who isn’t going to let some archaic, backwards country stop you from representing our country. Don’t—they don’t need athletes who come out in suicide notes or, or when it’s convenient, after retirement. You’re a hero to people right now, when they need to believe in you.”
“Did you intentionally miss your second shot?” Tony was asking as they regrouped, and as one of the few people comfortable enough to do so, Bucky blatantly rolled his eyes at him.
“I am—fuck, sorry doesn’t even begin to; I shouldn’t have asked, Steve, this was yours—”
All too soon, Steve pulled his fingers free, leaving Tony's twitching, gaping hole exposed between his spread thighs. Close to his first orgasm in weeks, Tony nearly shouted in frustration, but Steve wouldn’t let him have it. All he did was adjust Tony’s position and rub slow, soothing circles over his lower back.
Eventually, they learned that these men were a mixed group of hired mercenaries who had laid a trap for Tony near the royal stables, where he often walked alone. Under regular circumstances, Tony’s absence would never have gone unnoticed. But after months of countless disappearing acts and consistent and intentionally limited communication with his security, Tony’s silence was tolerated longer than protocol demanded. Rhodes’ unusually relaxed attitude had allowed these men to get their target as far as Eisenturm’s airport. Had that plane been able to land, they may not have recovered Tony so easily.
“I don’t know what you have against this dinner, Tony,” he said as casually as he could. “I think it’s great.”
This time, Tony looked somewhat less confused, but he smiled at him again. A real smile, the ones that warmed Steve’s ears and made his toes curl with joy.
“Ducks,” Tony stage-whispered, and while most kids were invested in snacktime and chasing each other around the playground in Peter and MJ’s care, Tony’s own group tip-toed a little closer around him to hear. “Did you know that most birds don’t actually have penises? Ducks are an exception. And the Lake Duck in Argentina, in South America, has one of the longest penises in the world.”
Under the guise of settling his head more comfortably, Tony twisted in Steve’s arms to see him better. As was his preference (and Tony’s preference, too), Steve avoided clothes to the extent that he could. So as Tony settled there were no layers between them to obscure the long, bold lines of Steve’s neck, or the wide, graceful sweep of his clavicle. It didn’t matter how often Tony looked his fill, Steve always managed to take his breath away. Tony had seen Steve grow from a sweet college student who was still learning about himself and the world, into this fundamentally good, kind man who showered him with affection and love every day. A thoughtful man, a humble man; Tony’s faithful shield against the storm.
“Steve Rogers, perhaps you—”
Without missing a beat, Tony let Steve spread himself, and with a light squeeze, he encouraged Steve to use both hands. Steve obliged without thinking, spreading his ass as much as he could, and Tony answered by diving in with newfound enthusiasm. Steve groaned against the pillow he’d been biting into, loud and deep like a wounded animal. Tony hummed in the middle of some aggressive sucking around the rim of his hole, then before Steve knew it, replaced his mouth with one slick finger.
Tony struggled with how to explain his jumble of insecurities. “I wear your dog tags,” he eventually managed. “They mean the world to me, because they’re yours and they remind me of what we have. You don’t do that with anything I’ve given you, and I thought it was because you had that with someone else,” he finished lamely. “Someone so special you wouldn’t tell me about them.”
“Look, I’m starving,” he explained, and sure enough, they were illegally parked outside of the Shake Shack. “Circle the block, I’ll call you when I’m out.”
Nights quickly became rotten without Tony. Steve couldn’t compare tossing and turning to his trauma from the war, but stewing in his fears of Tony neglecting his own health and overextending himself left Steve feeling more restless and exhausted with every passing day. Still, he wouldn’t consider the option of ending his assignment early to go home. Every added investor in Tony’s latest product lowered the cost of public services in Consone, so every time Coulson offered to new meetings or negotiations, Steve agreed.
it felt good, and he knew Steve was intimately familiar with that particular expression on Tony’s face. He stroked slowly, drawing it out, occasionally grinding the heel of his palm against the tip until he hissed from the grazing hint of pain and sudden spark of pleasure. He did it again, filming himself as he rubbed his palm in small circles over the head of his cock and he threw his head back, even biting his lip in a shameless show of indulgent desire.
Thor gave Bruce and his drink a curious look. “How much have you had, my friend?”
“I can buy a new mattress,” Tony said, but the idea still made him grimace. “Uh. Commission a new bed?”
Steve didn’t have to like it, he could only nod and agree.
“What, did I have to spell it out for you?” Steve replied with a broad grin. Maybe he should have been worried about his lack of transparency, but what was the point in lying to himself? He was downright pleased that the coincidences hadn’t gone over Tony’s head. “I told you I would be the best professional reference of your life.”
“Not sex, Tony,” Steve interjected gently, smirking a little at Tony’s assumption. “If you’re sore, I can help. My hands are better,” he assured him when Tony opened his mouth to reply. “It’s been hours, I feel fine.”
A grim, determined expression.
Patrick meant well, Steve reminded himself. He wasn’t the most tactful guy on the planet, but he meant well. That didn’t mean Steve’s hands didn’t itch to punch his roommate in the teeth. The pain of it would have been welcome, even.
“What the fuck?”
“Boy, did I bring you into this world just so you could die when your horse trips in a gopher hole?”
“No,” he said slowly, still processing what Fury had said. “No, this—deported? That can’t be right. I’m not even an immigrant—I’m from
“I like that comparison, Naser. The lions are close, let’s go look at them,” Tony said after a few seconds of thought. The kids stuck to Tony like glue every time he talked about the animals or answered their questions, and Tony had quickly learned to use this to his advantage: they only moved from one exhibit to the next when there was a story to keep the kids’ attention.
Maybe Tony would be more than a romance; maybe there were other people in Steve’s life who would come to love his passion, his generosity, his kindness.
But despite Tony’s attempts to goad Steve on, to urge him closer or to deepen their kiss, Steve only pinned him down, keeping Tony from seeking his pleasure by rolling or grinding his hips against Steve. Tony grunted and sighed until finally submitting to Steve’s lead and melting back into the mattress. Steve smirked as he mouthed at Tony’s pouting lips, until finally he coaxed a reluctant smile from Tony. Soon, Tony’s meager resistance withered away, and he wetted and parted his lips under Steve’s beseeching little kisses. Steve wasted no time deepening their kiss and sweeping his tongue over Tony’s to taste him again. Their kiss was endless and unhurried, until Steve briefly pulled away to find the lube he’d left nearby.
Note: Canon-typical violence.
Tony narrowed his eyes and gave him a
“And we already have a plan,” Natasha reminded him, waiting for Steve to look at her. She held his gaze for a long, steadying beat, his ever-present anchor. She inclined her head just so, her green light for the patchwork plan they’d thrown together, and already Steve felt better about it.
Through the haze of confusion and mild alarm, Tony felt Steve’s familiar touch brush over his puffy, exposed hole. The slick lubricant felt wonderful with the added warmth of Steve’s fingers, but after the abuse he’d taken for hours on end, even the gentle prodding of two fingers left Tony hissing with discomfort. His hole opened easily now, stretched repeatedly and persistently by overeager students, but his body was sore, fucked raw after numerous harvests.
He looked right at Tony when he spouted the most sincere, kind-hearted, bullshit known to man—he sounded so earnest, too, that Tony nearly believed him! Jane swooned vicariously, then beamed at Tony with a smile to rival the brightest stars.
“Flatterer,” he muttered and crossed his arms over his chest.
“Touch me,” Tony whispered,
“Fantastic kisser,” Tony guessed, hypnotized from across the room by the tempting curve of Steve’s smile, his full bottom lip, and the sly mischief revealed in his smirk. His wife was a lucky woman and Tony implicitly hated her, just a little.
“Clearly. I mean,
“I like this time of day,” Tony told Steve, apropos of nothing. Steve turned so he could lean back against the railing, and gently he guided Tony to stand between his legs so he could wrap Tony up in his arms. Tony followed easily, leaning into Steve and nosing at his throat before stretching to press a lingering kiss to Steve’s lips.
“Yeah,
Steve couldn’t help but shrug. “He was always Bruce to me.”
At Steve’s first touch, Tony pushed and grunted until he could stretch out on the bed with his head in Steve’s lap.
With a heave, Steve rose to his feet, carrying the weight of the three assailants on his back. He threw them either way, kicking one in the gut, punching the other two as they fell off of him like insects.
Tony could neither read minds or allow Steve to simply walk away. He had no choice but to chase after Steve.
“As I was saying before I was rudely interrupted,” Fury said as he began the meeting again. “The computers have completed their analyses and calculations. They have determined that Brock Rumlow will appear next in order to acquire pharmaceuticals for unsanctioned narcotics development, and later in his subsequent recruitment of a crime syndicate. The best opportunity for apprehending Brock Rumlow is in the first stage of his villainous crimes. I want patrol groups of eight lieutenants positioned at every chemical laboratory—”
Steve followed Tony’s lead on autopilot until the hallway opened into a tidy, but cramped bedroom. A four-poster bed was pushed up against the far wall almost as an afterthought, while the rest of the space was devoted to a deep workshop bench and its miscellaneous cabinets and shelving. Something Steve could barely identify as a saddle was the only project currently out, along with a handful of tools that were strewn around it on the bench, as if Tony had only gotten up from his work a few minutes ago.
Tony’s mortified heart dropped, and when he saw Steve's shoulders hunch inward, a chill washed over his back.
“You didn’t have to pay,” was all Tony managed to say as he adjusted his long-sleeved t-shirt and pulled his jacket on again. Steve meant to interrupt him, but something familiar around Tony’s neck caught the light just right and suddenly, Steve couldn’t stop staring.
Steve followed Tony to the Red, White, and Brew, but the closer they got, the heavier his guilt became. As tired and ready to be alone with Tony as he was, he couldn't help feeling uncomfortable about rushing Tony back to the ranch.
Steve bypassed his living room and made straight for the bathroom. Before he had any second thoughts, Steve turned on the taps and left the tub to fill with steaming hot water. He made a quick detour to the kitchen to warm up leftover pizza in the oven. All that was left was choosing a book. He was in the middle of a Stephen King classic, but after all this time with the Tony Stark, he had no interest in horror stories. He wanted romance, he wanted theatrical adventures to carry him away, if only for a few pages.
“Phil takes the best photographs of you, my love,” Tony mentioned with laughter bright in his eyes, a tangential thought that interrupted his loving farewell. “Did he say he shared a picture of you before your meeting today? You know how I love the picture he took of us at the wedding. You had never looked so handsome, and still they had not adorned you with all your medals and honors. But I look at you now and I still cannot believe my luck. Around the world people exalt a bold new leader. At home, people grow increasingly proud and grateful of you. To think you feared your hard work would not pay off,” he teased in the end, pleased and smug all at once, like he always was when Steve feared he’d never learn, or that he would embarrass Tony and their people somehow.
“You sure about this?” Tony asked Steve one last time. Steve smiled and nodded in return, but even so, something wasn’t right. He was too tense, and his thoughts were somewhere far away. “Steve?”
Clint nickered quietly as he considered Tony’s question. He glanced at the closed door of the quiet little cottage, then looked at him with something akin to a smile. “Well. You opened the door to a stranger in the storm, didn’t you?”
“You’ll do what?” the other voice growled, and Steve could hear the shuffling of popcorn, clothes, and then the grateful creaking of a seat as whoever Tony had picked a fight with got to his feet.
“The Commander Rogers voice,” Tony snickered, turning a little red at the thought. “The voice that got a promotion, yes. I know it. He tries! It doesn’t—well. Let’s just say it’s more effective when we’re not fighting, but I already know he isn’t really angry if he’s raising his voice, so it’s not as intimidating as he wants it to be.”
Steve smiled down at the cooking eggs as Tony continued reading and resumed his quiet humming - something he probably didn’t notice he did, but that Steve coveted deeply in these quiet moments they shared.
Curiosity, affection, and a touch of exasperation quickly pushed aside the last traces of insecurity that had clawed their way into Steve’s thoughts. “That’s a first. You’re asking for permission?” Steve teased. “Who are you and where is Tony Stark?”
Now, all he had to do was wait.
“Thursday night, you and Thor cook dinner. Sam picks the movie. Clint signals our exit; we leave individually in alphabetic order, six minute intervals, Clint’s last, and we each grab a newbie on the way out. James, you’re on standby in the kitchen in case Steve needs an extraction. Got it, Cap?”
Steve made a face and finally stepped aside to show him the empty fridge. “This is the first time I’ve been home in two months. The only thing that hasn’t expired is my ice and my champagne.”
“Our initiatives are of no worth without people such as yourself, madame,” Tony said after a brief silence. Just because he and Steve felt something was important never meant that others would see the intention behind their decisions. His heart ached with wonder and gratitude to hear Agneta talk so warmly of her experience.
“She is smitten,” Bruce murmured, almost in shock. “How did he do it?”
He slept fitfully that night only to be startled awake at the crack of dawn on Monday morning by someone pounding on his door. Disoriented and barely awake, Steve threw on some clothes and stumbled to see what had happened.
At the first sign of vulnerability, Tony tugged his leg free and pulled away. Before Steve realized what was happening, Tony had pushed him down onto his back and straddled his hips with a devious smirk.
He picked it up anyway.
Was he proposing already? Was that how Tony was going to be delivered from an extended case of blue balls? But he couldn’t say yes just for sex, Steve deserved better. Tony could do better.
“Let’s start small, figure out what you like,” he said with a smile, tugging the shirt out of his pants to take off and toss aside. His hat followed. “Work our way up from there.”
,” Tony bit out, his voice high and choking with need, “fucking—god, so gorge—you’re incredible—”
After that first night, Steve and Tony’s conversations grew shorter and increasingly sporadic. Televised interviews and panels discussing the future of accessible sustainable energy occupied every spare minute of Steve’s time outside of their political agenda, so despite his best efforts, he wasn’t able to catch more than a quick phone conversation with Tony until the following night. But instead of his sleepwarm husband, a staff member eventually informed Steve that his husband was unreachable in his workshop.
Steve pulled his phone out to text him a cease and desist when he noticed Bucky was already typing a message.
