“I’m sorry, what?” Dean couldn’t be hearing right, government-issued identification did not fall out of the sky, not for anyone. Especially not for retired spies on the run.
“What the hell is your problem Dean?” He snapped back, and then he stopped to look at his brother, really look. He looked…. awful. “Dean, what’s going on here, what am I missing?”
He walked further into the room and circled so he could take it all in.  The trim and closet doors had been repainted clean white, the bed, dresser, and side tables were made of reclaimed wood giving them a weathered look that coordinated with the grey walls.
He tossed the Motrin and water back; it would do until he could get another drink.  Might as well go face the music with Sam first. Sam was probably also tired of his shit.  He wondered if there was a record for the number of people a person could drive away in a week. He’s got Eileen now, so he knows it’s only a matter of time before he walks too, Dean could almost smell Sam’s desperation to get out whenever he was around him lately.
That brought a smile back to Cas’s face.  “Technically Dean, you never proposed to me, so you can’t propose ‘again.’”
“No. I told him before the Empty took me, but there was no time for us to talk about it.  I knew that it wasn’t really fair, to do that to him. But telling him was what summoned the Empty, it was the only way I could think to save him. I never would have told him otherwise. I don’t regret telling him, I never expected to come back.  I regret now that it seems to irrevocably harmed our friendship”
This time, Cas was already seated at the table, waiting for him. Two bowls of what looked like chicken noodle soup with grilled cheese on the side, and two mugs of coffee. “It’s canned soup, I’m still learning to cook, I figured you’d prefer this over a burnt offering.”
“Honestly? I’ve been following your career for a while, we have similar goals. Or at least we had. I don’t think I’ll ever be a lobbyist now but if I can help you get your bill introduced that will be enough.” Cas always preferred being transparent, and there was no point hiding his motivation to participate in this charade.
Cas held those green eyes with his blue ones for a long time. The open smile never wavered. Finally, after deciding it couldn’t actually get any more embarrassing than it already was, he relented.
Outside of the Impala and standing by the slightly raised cement pathway that ran along the row of motel room doors, Sam gave Cas a lingering hug.
He missed Cas, missed his quiet presence in the bunker, missed having someone to watch movies with. He was a better sparring partner in the gym than Sam and always seemed to know when Dean was going to need something. So, fuck him for leaving, right? It was not like he had to go; Dean didn’t tell him to…he just didn’t ask him
“It feels different now. Sam is gone and we are together. This place was our first stable home since the fire when we were kids and there’s a lot of good memories here. But there’s a lot of bad ones too, and right now it doesn’t feel like coming home so much as it feels like emptiness and loss.”  He squeezed Cas’ hand in his. “I know it’s a strange ask, but can we sleep somewhere else tonight? Maybe a motel back on the highway? I’m just not ready to be back here right now. This thing that we have finally is new and good and I just don’t want to bring it here.”
“That.” The taller brother stood and walked to the door, quickly confirming the identity of the visitor and opening it. A gruff-looking angry bear of a man entered, older with a salt and pepper beard and a commanding presence. Skipping any niceties, he walked right in and let his displeasure be known.
“Fine, I’m not a high-priced hooker. But that’s not why I called red, Dean. Did you hear what else I said?”
“Alright, everything from the waist up along with your shoes and socks. Then, I want you kneeling on that pillow in the ‘present’ position exactly as I had instructed. Face the living room please.” Although Castiel kind of wanted to stay and watch the man strip out of his tailored suit jacket and dress shirt, he sensed that Dean seemed to need a bit of space to prepare. That was fair, this was a big step and a lot to process for a novice. Being honest with himself, he needed a pause as well, he’d never felt so drawn to a sub so quickly, and never one from the business side of his life. It was going to take discipline on his part to keep the lines from blurring. “I’m going to the kitchen and will be back in a moment.”
“Dude, didn’t you hear Sam? We’re “angel married”; I agreed to the bond, don’t you think that means I feel the same way?”
“Dammit Sam, get your gear and go.” Sam was caught of guard by the intensity of Dean’s words and more than a little pissed. He loved his brother but sometimes he was sick of his shit.
“I found a spare toothbrush in your bathroom cupboard, hope that’s ok?” He announced his return to the group, all eyes focusing on him.
Dean didn’t know who the fuck Castiel Novak was, but the photo of the man entering and leaving the condo was definitely ‘James’. And fuck, wasn’t this a damn shame because he liked James. Really liked James, like they had some kind of connection or bond that he couldn’t put his finger on. They’d only met that once, but he’d been looking forward to seeing him again in the worst way. Dom for hire or not, James had gotten under his skin and the itch hadn’t left.
“You’ll agree to their ridiculous idea and marry me just so we can introduce a bill?” Dean wasn’t sure he was hearing right, it was like he’d fallen into the twilight zone.
“Listen to Cas, he’s right. He called me after he found you last night and he’s right.  I’m so sorry that I let it get this bad. I’m so sorry Dean.” He was crying openly now, he looked about as traumatized as Dean felt.
Letting the silence linger a bit longer, he took a few bites of his salad.  Cas never had a problem with awkward silences, hell there was a picture of him in the dictionary next to the definition.  He chewed thoughtfully while considering exactly what the best plan of attack had to be here.  Too hard and he was pretty sure Cas was going to walk, to soft and the trajectory they were on would remain unchanged.  Neither outcome was acceptable.  Sam knew that the only weakness Cas had was Dean, which, coincidentally was often his greatest strength.  Cas was always the best version of himself when he was protecting Dean, Sam had seen this time and again.  When all hope was lost, he’d show up to Dean, even sacrificing himself. Maybe this was the way through.  He put down his fork and cleared his throat.  Might as well rip the band-aid off.
“Like I’d let you go through this alone. I left as soon as I could. Called Jody on the way.” He searched Dean’s face and looked down to catch the duffle in Dean’s hand, piecing together that he’d been about to leave. Looking back into his brother’s eyes, he took on a questioning expression. “Have you heard anything?”
“Charlie, get your camera ready.” Cas stepped up to Dean, projecting that same sense of assuredness he’d used with Dean when they had first met. Dean, for his part, stood in place, green eyes focused only on him as he waited for whatever Cas was going to do next.
Cas never did answer and Dean figured that was as good as it was going to get until he got coffee into him.  Starting in the old industrial kitchen, he efficiently prepped a large pot of coffee to brew and then circled back to the bathroom while waiting for it to finish. That done, he made his way back to the kitchen and prepped a tray. Two mugs, cream, sugar, and a few muffins that he had made yesterday. The sheets needed washing today so who was Dean to mind a few stray crumbs? Lastly, he squeezed the whole pot onto the tray once it was finished. There was no need to leave the pot out for his brother. Sam had spent the whole evening at Eileen’s and probably wouldn’t return until much later in the day, if not tomorrow.
“Uh, sure.” Dean reached into the end pocket, drew his hand out, and shoved it back in quickly, but not quickly enough. “You bring lube on all your hunts now?”
Cas did, helping him stand and trying not to wince empathetically when he heard Dean’s kneecaps do their familiar cracking noise. Folding Dean into his arms he kissed him hungrily, chasing his own taste on Dean’s tongue. That particular move had become Cas’ signature, and Dean found it to be incredibly hot. His own neglected cock twitched in anticipation. He ground up against Cas’ thigh and broke the kiss. As much as he would have liked otherwise, this had to be continued later.
“You’re wasting your time Congressman, Castiel stopped being my son a long time ago. Now he’s just a liability. A disgusting liability, but I guess you are too now?”
On some level Dean knew Sam was right, he tapped his fingers on the tabletop lightly and chewed his bottom lip, considering how to move forward. After a moment he nodded in agreement.  “Yeah, that would probably be the best way Sam.  I’d like to do it alone.  Thanks.”
This was the point of the evening Dean had actually been dreading the most. They were stuck here for the duration, mingling and making polite small talk with people he mostly didn’t know. Although from the side glances they were getting, they knew him and Cas.
“It’s more than ok. Just let me know when you’d like to meet again. I’m going into my office now to email you some material to read before our next time. You can let yourself out when you are ready.” It struck him that he wanted to touch the man once more before he left, but he didn’t have an excuse and it wasn’t how he usually ran things. Resolved, he threw his shoulders back and gave him his most professional smile. “I am genuinely looking forward to our next time together.”
“Has memory foam? Yes Dean, how could I forget?” Cas smiled and tried to pull Dean a bit closer although it really wasn’t possible. “Anything for you Dean, you just have to ask.”
4:37, the phone rang. Dean grabbed it from the bedside table and sat up. The caller ID indicated that it was Jody and his heart lurched in his chest. Please let it be good news, he offered up in one more silent prayer. Please let it be good news.
“Oh.” Dean writhed in place, it felt so good, so incredibly good. In response, Castiel started to bob his head, drawing the heat up and down his shaft. His tongue working everything in its path.
“You are NOT poison. You matter. Your life is precious.  Do not ever say otherwise again. Are we clear on that?” Shocked because that was the last thing Dean had actually expected to hear at that moment, he froze in place.  “I pulled you from Hell and literally stitched your soul back together with my own grace, I know who you are and who you are not. I have not sacrificed and waited for you all of this time because you were not worthy of being loved, I did it because you were. You are.”
They say that your life passes in front of your eyes before you die. Cas didn’t know if that was true, but he did think about Jimmy again. About how he must have felt just before he died. Was it like this, he wondered. And then he thought about trusting green eyes surrounded by a sprinkling of freckles and felt a sense of regret for what would never be.
New Year’s Day. A day that was traditionally known for its new beginnings and fresh starts. Dean was determined to find a way to squeeze every single drop of good out of the coming year. After all, they all deserved it. Not just Dean and Cas but Sam and Eileen too. There was no time like the present to get started.
“Seriously, Cas, thank you. You did all of this for me, I can’t think of a single reason why.  You were free and clear and I am nothing but a liability.”
“Cas, I hope you can hear me, that wherever you are, it's not too late. I should've stopped you. You're everything to me, but I just let you go. 'Cause it was easier than admitting I was wrong.”
Very gently and almost sweetly, Cas pressed his lips against Dean’s and held them until he heard the telltale click from Charlie’s camera go off a few times. Pulling back slightly, he placed his left hand in mirror pose of his right on Dean’s other check, ring prominent.  He leaned his forehead against Dean’s for a few moments, waiting for Charlie to snap a few more.
“That, and to take the target off my back, yes.” Cas was so matter of fact about it that they could have been discussing the laundry.
to calm down. Probably a drinker, looked like a whiskey and beer kind of guy vs the expensive scotch drinkers he usually worked with.  He could already tell that the man needed an outlet, and if the meeting went well, he suspected that he might be able to help him.
“Here’s what we know.” She pointed to the newspaper and the manila envelope on the table. ”Right now everyone is reading the morning news and finding out that Castiel is basically a kinky prostitute to Washington’s elite, and that there’s supposedly evidence out there proving that Dean is a customer. Until a copy of this photo or others like it comes out, it’s all hearsay. Those of us in this room know for certain that the article is true.”
Which left him puzzling over the worst of what had been happening. Cas. Fucking Cas. “I guess it’s time for me to move on” really meant he was moving on. Because Dean was checking his tracking app multiple times a day to locate him. Except he didn’t want to locate him. Cas could stay gone for all he cared. They were done, Cas had walked out, and Dean Winchester didn’t beg.
And there it was, no pretence, all the cards on the table.  Cas looked down at his now cold waffle, trying to figure out what to say next.  He swallowed, his throat had a lump in it and tears pricked his eyes.  Could it get worse? I guess it could because here we are.  He struggled to find the words, any words really.  What do you say when all your secrets are laid bare before the world?
“What don’t I know? You were a sleeper agent?” Everyone knew about the Illegals Program, Russian agents so deeply embedded into US society that they lived as Americans for decades. Their assignment was to get close to government officials, academics, and anyone else who might give them valuable intel to send back home. The FBI had squashed a huge ring in 2010 called ‘Operation Ghost Stories’, but he and Cas were well entrenched in EU operations by then.
“Hey man, I had the ring. YOU jumped the gun and ruined my surprise.  Still counts.”   This triggered their never-ending, but always light-hearted debate.  The truth of it was that Sam had played them both, convincing them to propose on the same night over dinner.  Cas had won out by about 15 seconds, so it was basically a tie.  Regardless, the mood was lightened, and they laughed through the rest of their meal.
“I don’t know if that’s true at all Cas, but you make me want it to be.”  Almost shyly he framed Cas’s face with his hands and leaned in kiss him, and then resting their foreheads back together. He sighed feeling like maybe, finally, things were going to be ok.  “Where do we go from here?”
Dean canted his hips and ground against Cas, his arousal obvious through denim. The hitch in Cas’s breath was audible, and the only encouragement Dean needed to lean in and possess his mouth exactly the way he had just imagined doing. If he had thought Cas’s skin tasted like heaven, his mouth weakened him at the knees, and he groaned into the kiss. Dean imagined that this was what it must be like to be starving until you’d given up hope, only to be given a life-saving meal at the last hour. Which, his brain answered, was pretty much exactly what was happening.
“Dean, ‘Flight of the Bumblebee’ is notoriously hard to play on the violin. On trombone, it should be almost impossible. The chromatic runs of sixteenth notes require a great deal technical ability.”
Three hours and a few hundred dollars later they made their way back into the kitchen, Cas grinning like a kid at Christmas and carrying a tiny little puff of orange and white fur, its green eyes looking up at Cas warily while it mewed. Dean followed carrying a litter box, a bag of litter, cat food, and a giant bag of toys and accessories that he was certain they didn’t need but didn’t have the heart to say no to.
It was…exactly how Dean expected it to be.  Reverently he stepped into the dimly lit space and shut the door behind him. Dragging his eyes over everything at once, he soaked it all into his memory.  That last person in this room had been Cas, the last person to sit on the slightly mussed bed, the last to casually toss a paperback on the nightstand and to leave a blue tie - poorly knotted at that, lying on the top of the dresser.  All Cas.
Cas walked down to the end where everyone else was and took the stool a few places over from John. His back was to the window, but he didn’t want to see what was happening out there anyway, it was too much to ask.  John was the predator he was protecting Dean from tonight. He made sure that he sat close enough to John to converse casually and was easy listening distance from the table as well.   The bartender placed a slightly too warm bottle of domestic beer in front of him and he took an easy sip, looking like that was the only reason he had to be there.
“Just do it, alright?” And then Sam shot him those puppy dog eyes. “Trust me, Dean, if this works the way I hope it will, we’ll get through this.”
In the next moment, he would have given anything for the floor to open up and swallow him whole. It was Mr. July. Shit. He looked at the merchandise in front of him, calendar, open to the seventh month, those green eyes currently looking at him both from the calendar and from the man standing behind him. Shit, Shit. Shit. Death could just take him right now.
If Dean was the person Castiel suspected he was, he’d have no trouble meeting those needs for him. In fact, he was already looking forward to it. Married or not, he wanted more scening with him. He just had to play his cards right.
Grabbing a pile of boxers and a few t-shirts he turned towards the dresser and pulled the top drawer.  For the second time in as many days Dean froze in place, apparently Cas had a thing for leaving messages from the grave.  The drawer held a small wooden box, and old book that Dean would bet his last dollar was the very same one Sam had torn up the bunker to find, and another envelope with his name on it.  His whole world felt like it was tilting on its axis again, he didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.  What had Castiel been up to?
“Maybe next time you see him you should give him a promise ring or something, sounds like you’re dating.”
“Seriously? He pissed his pants? Nice.”  Cas had no response, and Dean didn’t feel like he wanted to know any more than that, so they sat in pensive silence for a few moments.  “Cas, the world never had to show me kindness because I have you, and you are so much better.  You literally rescued me from Hell, died for me, and traveled back in time to protect me.  I love you so fucking much and it will never be enough to match what you’ve done for me.”
Jody had indeed done him a solid and let the recovery team know that her consultant was coming by and to offer any and all assistance. In fact, they didn’t even have to pull out their fake badges and do their regular spiel. The report from the site lead was straightforward with their operating theory: damaged and abandoned vehicle found in the ditch, a fair amount of blood in the cab, the driver was from out of state and suspected to be at high risk for self-harm. They figured that when the driver survived the crash, he’d made his way to the reservoir a hundred yards away and walked in. They’d been there since early morning looking to recover a body.
“Not intentionally. I don’t know where he is, and right now, I don’t want to know.” Dean was more than a little afraid that if he knew where Cas was, he’d be unable to stop himself from going to him. He was still hurt and angry. He didn’t want to have to see Cas and deal with this right now. He felt naked and vulnerable as it was. “I think it’s best if we leave it. He hasn’t answered any of your messages, and he definitely won’t be reaching out to me. Let sleeping dogs lie.”
He would have lunged for Crowley right then and there but Cas cut through the haze of anger by reaching his arm around him, pulling him close, and tapping him three times on the shoulder. That got his attention.
“Cas, you saved me the moment I met you and you’ve been saving me ever since. I don’t ever want to be without you.  I know I haven’t always treated you right, but I promise to do better, to be better, for you. My whole life, I’ve never loved anyone the way I love you.”
, loosely translated, nothing but the truth. Rowena crafted it herself, so there is nothing in any of our other books to give us more information.” Sam was fidgeting in his seat; Dean could clearly see that there was more to tell.
“OK Cas, let’s try again.  About everything…”  Sip of coffee and a deep breath.  He reached across the table and rested his hand on top of Cas’s, while he stared back at him intently, waiting. “About everything…”
“It’s the canary in the coal mine for all of us. A mass melting of Yukutia’s perma-frost would have a devastating effect by releasing stored greenhouse gases.” Dean saw respect on the ambassador’s face.
"Ебаный ты блядский сукин сын!" Cas’ grabbed the keys out of the ignition and was out of the car before Dean could blink. He jumped out and followed, curious to see what the hell was going on.
“Whatever you say, Dean.”  Cas nodded towards the folded-up newspaper and looked back at Dean. “Did you bring me breakfast in bed just so you could tell me about a hunt?”
Hanging the towel up, he grabbed Cas by the hand and led him back out towards the bedroom, both mostly dry but completely naked.  The door was still shut and Dean paused while Cas moved up behind him.
The phone booth was off to the side, closer to the gas part of Gas ‘N Sip than it was to the store. Dean vaguely remembered another time in another life when he’d been searching for his angel at a Gas ‘N Sip. To bring him home.
He had done exactly as asked. His clothes were neatly folded and placed on the couch with his shoes on the floor beside. He was kneeling on the pillow, facing away from him, and holding himself in perfect position. A
“Just hear me out, ok? I love you and I’m not going anywhere. You’re it for me, understand? And I’m not letting you go either, so the only option left here is for us to move forward together.  I…uh, thought we could have a fresh start together, maybe…”
“Merci. J’étais très surpris de vous voir dans les journaux cette semaine. Ce n’est pas dans votre genre d’être si public avec vos affaires. Je ne crois pas un mot de ce qu’ils disent sur le fait que vous êtes un gigolo mais je dirai que vous faites un couple formidable avec votre époux. Vous devriez étouffer les rumeurs et renverser DC. Bien vous fasse.”
Dean looked at him warily, he didn’t really like having his privacy breached. “Not sure how I feel about that guys.”
Dean didn’t answer, didn’t say a word. Sam watched him, his pose remaining casual, but every muscle tensed in case Dean lost his temper. He didn’t. He glared at Sam, stood up – knocking his chair over in the process and walked out of the room. Both knowing that he was going back to his bedroom to check the duffle bag. Sam might have scored the winning blow to prove his point, but it didn’t feel like a victory. Not even a little. The atmosphere Dean left behind was somber and serious.
“Understood.” Both men answered in unison. Idly Cas thought that being alone with Dean for the rest of the week would be anything but a hardship.
When an answer still isn’t forthcoming he places the box on the kitchen table before quickly throwing out the ruined food and rinsing the pan. The extractor fan has nearly made short work of the smoke so Cas turns it off then opens the window to air out the smell, too.
do that to me again!” He threw his arms around Cas and held him tight. Like he was the most precious thing in Dean’s world. Because he was.
“What’s in it for you?” Dean absolutely didn’t trust him. Crowley gave him a long, measured look and Dean could have sworn he saw a flash of vulnerability.
Sam pulled back and gave his brother a cheeky grin, Dean’s eyes widened, and he blushed furiously. He grinned back at his brother. “Bitch”
Everything hurt, Dean felt like absolute shit. He opened his eyes briefly and then shut them again, it felt like the lights from a god damned surgical suite was shining on his face.  Way too bright.  He squeezed his eyes shut and then blinked a few times trying to adjust.  Another morning just like every other morning, he could tell from the way his tongue felt furry and swollen along with the incessant pounding in his head that he must have had one hell of a night last night.
“Later then, I can wait.” Cas just sat, watching him with solemn blue eyes and a hint of sadness since he knew how hard this was for Dean.  Years ago, after they had finally cut the shit and gotten together, they had both agreed that they had wasted time and caused each other too much hurt by holding back and refusing to communicate.  Making it this far had only worked because they’d made a commitment to talk about things honestly, like adults, in real time and not after bottling things until they simmered into anger.  It was almost never easy, but always worth it.  He squeezed Dean’s hand and let them sit in comfortable silence, no intention to push or rush whatever it was Dean was working up to.
The next hour was a flurry of activity, Sam went to work drawing up the agreement while Charlie went over the press release. It was going to say that they had met when Dean first moved to DC but had kept it a secret, and it was going to be released along with a shot of them as happy newlyweds. Benny and Jack returned with all of Castiel’s belongings, sadly contained in only three boxes and a laptop bag. Castiel and Charlie worked together to effectively shut down all of Castiel’s presence on the internet, legal or otherwise. She was surprised with the caliber of his security; digital fingerprints indicated that several attempts had been made to break into his accounts since the story broke but they’d stood firm. With her help, everything was taken down and stored elsewhere. She assured him that the information was now safer than a Swiss Bank.
His breath caught, perhaps it even hitched.  The drawer was empty save for a single manilla envelope.  Across the envelope, boldly written in Cas’s angelic script was one word.  Dean.
John had been deathly quiet while the men talked.  “It sounds to me like you’re both a couple of fags, maybe I should kick the shit out of you both for fucking around with an underage kid.”
“So good for me.” He reluctantly took his hand back and picked up the glass of sparkling ice water. “Now, let’s see you have a drink. I want you to close your eyes and feel the cool sensation all the way down.”
It felt good to have purpose and a plan, something to do other than sit around the bunker and miss Cas.  Even if it led to nothing (although he seriously doubted Cas would go to the trouble of sending him on a wild goose chase), this was the lightest he had felt in months, and perhaps that, in itself, would be enough.
“When I came back to the bunker last night, do you know where I found you?” It was a quietly spoken question but definitely also a loaded one.
You didn’t have to tell him twice! He was so enthusiastic that he forgot to address Castiel before hurrying off to obey. The dom let it pass, though. Dean had been perfect otherwise and was still learning.
He hung up before Sam could really answer. He’d wasted enough time, and this was his last, best, shot.
“I dunno guys, that’s far out there even for you two.” He looked at both his brother and Charlie who had steered him right every single time before today. “You sure there’s no other way?”
“Cas, I’m going to tell you something that I’ve never told anyone.  Not even Dean. And I need you to promise me that you won’t ever let on that you know ok?”
Castiel stopped, his back to Dean. He didn’t turn around; he didn’t have any hope that this was going to end well, and he didn’t want Dean to see how hurt he was. Even an angel has some dignity. “Go ahead.”
“Because there’s a healing element, and it’s the reason why the sigil was deemed too dangerous. The sigil was designed as a military application, it was meant to rescue wounded angels through the bond, and then heal them using the healthier angel’s grace.”
He hung up and looked at the phone. 4:39, two minutes. It took two minutes to change everything. What was he going to do now? Sam, he might as well let sleep. There would be enough to do later.
His greatest fear had always been that of being left alone. It had caused him to forge a codependent relationship with Sam and had kept him emotionally shunted off from just about everyone else for most of his adult life. Adult being a subjective term since he never actually got to be a kid.  He can re-write that now, any and all of it.
“Hello Dean. How are you feeling this morning?” Cas smiled at him with a look he had never seen before. His expression was open and the smile itself reached his eyes, crinkling his laugh lines.
“Yeah, fair enough. Thanks.” Sam watched Dean carefully. “I just wondered if you were keeping to yourself because you were…still upset about Cas?”
“I’ll do my best to make it happen, Cas. If we can pull this off, you’ll get the credit for being part of it. Losing Jimmy won’t be in vain.”
He was not going to waste any more time, that world outside the window? He had helped make that happen, he had fought and bled – and died – more than once – so the world could keep circling in its boring and predictable way.  He had earned a piece of that boredom, and now that he didn’t have to worry about Dean, he was going to take it.  Eileen, kids, white picket fence, maybe writing up some new books on lore or some kind of gig where he could teach hunters but not actually hunt.  He was done with the life and wanted out.
Married. To Dean Winchester. He didn’t see that coming. Naomi was going to have kittens, and that thought alone caused him to tip up one side of his mouth and smile. Bitch, he hoped she choked on the news. She had refused to acknowledge Jimmy was gay, even in death, his soon to be very public marriage was going to humiliate her.
*A: Es ist immer wieder eine Freude, jemanden zu treffen, der genauso leidenschaftlich gegenüber den Naturwissenschaften und dem, was sie Gutes tun können, wie ich. Sagen Sie mir doch bitte, wo Sie so ausgezeichnet Deutsch sprechen gelernt haben? (It's always a pleasure to meet someone who is just as passionate about science and what it can do for good as I am. Would you please tell me where you learned to speak German so well?)
It was dark by the time the Impala pulled into the motel parking lot. The air had cooled, and clouds had obscured the moon and most of the stars. Not the rain kind of clouds, the kind that just hung there and crowded out the light. It was dark and dismal and mirrored exactly how Dean was feeling. He grabbed his duffle again, he hated it by now. When he got back to the bunker, he was going to burn it. He trudged back into the sad and dingy motel room where he figured he’d wait and hope and pray until the sun came up and decide what to do next.
Cas paused in the doorway, one hand on the knob, the other by his side. Dean watched him take a few breaths to compose himself, and then he turned to look at Dean on the floor. Dean wanted to stop him from leaving, but he couldn’t move or speak. He didn’t know if it was the spell or his own panic, but whatever it was, he was stuck in place.
Everyone was spurred into action, the boutonnieres were pinned in place. Charlie pulled a camera out of her bag and set it up to take photos they could release to the media. Benny and Jack were invited to come back up and witness but declined to keep an eye on the large group of media that was starting to assemble out front of the building. Given the complacency of the guard in the parking garage earlier, Cas thought maybe that was for the best.
“Don’t worry, it won’t be anything extreme. As I said, it’s just a small test to see if we work well together. I’m going to teach you how to present, but only partially unclothed, and then I’m going to feed you. After that, we will be done for today.  Are you ok to proceed?”
“Aww Sammy I didn’t want you to worry. I’m fine, really. It’s a just sometimes…when I drink too much and get stuck in my head. Don’t worry.”
Cas sighed and responded by answering the kiss in kind. This was more than Dean had ever hoped for, definitely more than he ever thought possible. But bubbles were meant to burst, and Dean couldn’t resist a reality check. He withdrew slightly and gave Cas a soft but questioning look.
And then, there was the food. They each had a shelf in the fridge for their respective food choices. Dean’s shelf was filled with cheese, bacon, eggs, processed meats, and pretty much anything else that would belong on a ‘top ten foods to avoid’ list. Sam kept his shelf stocked up with salads, cut-up vegetables, fruit, yogurt, and fresh smoothies for healthy snacking. All week he had noticed that the food on his shelf was disappearing, and Dean’s dishes looked suspiciously uneaten. He was pretty sure he’d even found smoothie remnants in a glass that was definitely not from himself. Not that he could ask though. Dean seemed to be avoiding sharing any kind of mealtime together. They’d crossed paths over coffee this morning, but Dean had hightailed it out of the kitchen at Mach 1.
“Good boy.”  Castiel reached across the table and stroked his forearm. His keen eye didn’t miss the way his skin had responded to the feather-light touch, hairs standing up in the wake of his fingers. “I think that we are going to work very well together.”
“Charlie was very clear, together or on our own, and it’s a little hard to dom myself, so yes. I want to scene with you.”  Cas placed his glass on the end table and used the freed hand to place it on Dean’s thigh. “I don’t want to assume anything, but to be honest, I felt a connection between us when we first met, and I know that I can help you with the same issues that brought you to me in the first place. I’d like to see what we could do together, I suspect that it would be very satisfying for both of us.”
After two weeks, Dean finally called Sam to say that they were on the way back.  No wedding date set, but that was a technicality to be revisited when they were good and ready. They were together now and were going to stay that way and Sam was free from having to deal with their shit ever again. Sam told Dean that he was thrilled and also that he had moved out of the bunker over the past two weeks and in with Eileen. He had figured that if they hadn’t worked it out, he didn’t want to live with the pining anymore, and if they had worked it out, he didn’t want to be there while they were having loud sex down the hall.  Either way, Sam wanted to be with Eileen, so that’s what he did.
“I had a twin brother, Jimmy. We were inseparable, but he was always so much more confident and assured. We were both gay, but he was openly out and proud well before me and suffered the brunt of our family’s rejection and disapproval.” Talking about Jimmy always stung, and sharing his story, even in this context, always cost him something emotionally. “He was beaten and stabbed by two men outside of a prominent gay bar one night as he was leaving. He bled out in minutes.”
If he was being honest with himself, Dean was already a little bit worried that he was falling for Cas, but watching him dork out somehow melted his heart even further. This was Cas and not Castiel, but he was starting to see how the two fit together. He liked both, he wanted both. Technically, he had them. But how was he going to keep them? He was damn well going to try.
That done, he removed his suit from today. The stress sweat hadn’t been kind and it went in the pile that would need to go straight to the cleaners. Cas’ was probably in a similar state and he made a mental note to make sure Charlie would take care of this before their first public event.
Pure panic coursed through his veins, followed by a sense of dread.  Oh god, what did he do last night? What did they do? Not that he didn’t want to, he did, he so did, but not like this, not when he was too drunk to even remember it. “Cas, did we, uh did anything, I mean I had a lot to drink after you left, did uh anything happen that maybe I might want to know about?”
He disconnected the call and still kneeling before Dean, placed a hand on each of his knees, searching Deans face to gauge which emotions battling inside were going to win over. After a moment it was clear that sorrow was going to be the victor.
Dean had crossed maybe a third of the way through the lot before John stepped out of the shadows and approached him from behind.  One hard punch to the back of his head and Dean hit the ground hard, skull cracking against the pavement. That explained the fuzzy account of what happened.  John kicked him in the ribs once before grabbing the denim at his shoulder and dragging him back towards where Cas was waiting.  “What the fuck do you think you’re doing out here boy?  You a fucking disgusting piece of trash, leaving your brother all alone so you can what? Whore yourself?  What a goddamned embarrassment you are.”
“That’s what I’ve been trying to tell you, Dean. I can’t do anything, there are no counteractive spells, and I don’t even think it times out. You have to be honest. With yourself, and with…people. I think that’s the only way you’ll get control of your body back when it happens.”
Another sip of coffee, getting out was not going to be that quick or easy.  But with Cas back (he sent up a silent thank you prayer to Jack), he had hope that it wouldn’t be long.  From the corner of his eye he saw the waitress coming with his order, her name was Sarah if he remembered correctly.  They’d eaten here more than a few times over the years, and she had always been good at her job, striking the perfect balance between friendly and efficient.
“There’s one book I need, an original manuscript on Enochian sigils. I know we have it, I’ve looked everywhere for weeks.  There’s only one place left where it could be Dean.”
“It’s a damn shame your political career got shot to hell, kid.” He let go of Castiel’s hand and nodded. “Seein’ as we’re gonna be family, you might as well call me Bobby.”
What he needed to say, couldn’t be said in front of Sam. He hadn’t told Sam what had happened between Cas and him in the dungeon, it was too private, too painful when it looked like Cas had been gone for good. His angel was back, and he was never going to let him out of his sight again. The only problem was that he wanted to tell Cas without an audience, so he didn’t say he wanted to say, he said what was safe.
And there it was, confirmation that he really had made a mistake in coming back. Dean would never be able to give him what he longed for the most, and while he had thought that would be ok. Now that it was reality, it was not.  He had to finish this.
“You must understand, Dean, that I assumed after Budapest we would both be marked. And we have been. The only difference between you and me was that I already had an idea of what to do and where to go. When I negotiated my agreement with Canada for safe haven, I included you in the package. I expected that you would likely need it.”
Ten minutes later, Dean returned, Sam having waited in place the entire time because he’d been fairly certain he’d come back. Dean picked up his chair and sat back down.
Dean looked at the floor and then looked back at Sam and then back at the floor. He took a deep breath and Sam swore he heard Dean mumble “here goes nothing” under his breath. He took another deep breath.
Dean watched him pull onto the main road and head west, away from the town. Knowing there was really only one road in and out of the town, and Cas was on it, he wasted no time in getting into the Impala and headed down the road after him.
Doing his best to break the tension, he had jokingly asked Dean and Cas if they were going to take advantage of their “more profound bond” and shut him out of hunting trips moving forward. To say that went over like a lead balloon was an understatement. Cas had put his fork down and stood up from the table.
Dean sipped his coffee and stared at Cas over the rim. Everything about him looked casual...his clothing, his messy hair, his stubble.  All of it, Dean knew, was carefully put together to make him look relaxed and unintimidating to better blend in. Dean would know, he did the exact same thing. Had been doing it every day since he retired. Blend in, be entirely forgettable.
The tone had changed and darkened between those two conversations and Cas’s intent was a lot clearer this time, especially since he had ditched his phone too. And Dean knew, he knew exactly what was going through Cas’s mind because it was the exact same thing that had run through his mind a thousand times over the years.
“You sent me the coordinates remember?” Sam paused for a second, hand holding the spatula poised over the pan while he opened his mouth to speak and then shut it again. “Dean, I know that it’s Cas you want to see right now and not me.  He’s down there waiting for you to wake up. You go, I’ll bring the coffee when it’s done, and then we can talk, ok? “
Deciding he’d ring his copy through later, he grabbed the box and his earbuds, and headed into the aisles to find a place on the shelves for the rest of the calendars. This was the typical time of day for a lull in business, he didn’t expect any customers for the next while. Subsequently, he selected an 80’s love rock anthems playlist on his phone and went to work moving things around to make space.
Silence. Cas regarded him quietly. He rubbed his thumbs over the top of Deans hands in a gesture that was reassuring. He turned the left to weave his fingers with Dean’s, the right he removed briefly to hit the facetime button on the phone, and then went back to thread those fingers through Dean’s as well.  The gesture is meant to be intimate and loving, but Dean knows that the grip is still firm enough to hold him in place.  He couldn’t leave if he wanted to, at least not without making a scene.  And he was a little afraid, thinking he probably will want to.  Especially when Sam joins them through facetime.
The kiss wasn’t rushed or frantic, it was easy, a mutual discovery of taste and touch. Somewhere in the back of Cas’ brain an alarm tripped telling him that he was crossing the safety boundaries he had put in place, but his body didn’t care. He felt deep contentment in Dean’s presence and he’d already made up his mind that he was going to lean into this experience and wring every last bit of good out of it. Starting with Dean’s kisses if he played his cards right and got more than this one.
“I know. I’m sorry I let you think that.” He took their joined hands, brought them to his lips, and kissed Cas’s knuckles. His green eyes looked into Cas’s blue ones again and searched for understanding. “If you let me, I promise I’ll never make you feel that way ever again.”
“Fuck.” Dean dropped to the ground, his knees hitting the asphalt with enough force that there’d be bruises tomorrow. He wasn’t consciously aware of that though, at the moment all he was aware of was the fact that his nose was bleeding everywhere and was probably broken. The white-hot pain along with the force of the punch had him seeing stars. Cas hadn’t held back.
At a minimum, he at least had a chance to text Sam over lunch, letting him know what happened and where he was heading. He didn’t get any sympathy for his troubles though.
Castiel obliges. Behind closed eyelids, he can tell when Dean turns the light on, but that’s it. There’s a shuffling noise, like Dean is trying to drag something out of the closet, followed by a pained groan, and for a moment, Castiel is worried enough he considers just skipping the surprise part to go help Dean, but then Dean is saying, ‘got it, got it,’ and so he relaxes again.
Dean made quick work of cleaning the rest and had Cas turn once more to rinse the soap away.  Stepping out of the shower he dried quickly while Cas finished up and waited for him to step out.  Standing before him on the bathmat Dean took the fluffy towel and dried Cas’s hair with a quick rub, then moved to soak up the water droplets from his torso and limbs.  Cas watched wordlessly while Dean knelt before him, drying each of his legs and once done, pausing in front of his cock.  It had softened somewhat since being washed, but not all the way.  Looking up at Cas, he smiled and then moved forward to kiss it softly.  Beads of water rolled down the shaft and Dean gently swiped his tongue across the soft skin to collect them.
That car crash is still the worst day of Castiel’s life. Getting the call from the hospital, rushing there and not knowing if Dean was alive, not being allowed to even see him because Castiel was not listed as his next of kin back then…Castiel still has nightmares about it. It took Dean a week to wake up from the coma. It took him even longer to recover.
“What do you mean ‘not exactly”? You worked just about every op I did and they were all in Europe.” True, there were a few ops where their paths didn’t cross, but they had been few and far between. But Canada?
“Well, officiating a shotgun wedding always was on my bucket list. Although this ain’t exactly what I had in mind. That being said, when Sam called me and asked this morning, of course, there’s nowhere I’d rather be. And let’s tell the truth, getting hitched by the Kansas State Attorney General is going to put a little oomph into your press release. All in, I’m glad to be here, son.”
Dean shifted from side to side slightly so Cas would loosen his grip and eased himself down the bed, twisting at the same time so they were positioned face to face.  Cas’s arm was still resting over his torso, hand now on his shoulder blade, encouraging Dean to get closer as if that were possible.  Clearly, Dean thought to himself, he wasn’t the only cuddler in this relationship.
So yeah, given the spell, maybe everything had worked out for the best. If Cas hadn’t contacted them by now, he wasn’t going to. Maybe he could be honest about everything else and ignore this one corner of his private life. The universe owed him at least that much, didn’t it?
“Later. Talk first. ” It came out pretty close to a growl, he swallowed and started again. Squaring his shoulders so Dean would pay attention and not try to distract him.
Dean went red and Sam wasn’t sure if it was from anger or frustration, but he was definitely unhappy. Very unhappy. Anger won out briefly because he exploded and came towards Sam as though to shove him out the door, and then he abruptly turned.
“Good. Now go into our room and clear out one drawer and part of your closet for my things. Then I want you to go and have a shower, long enough to relax some of the tension in your neck and shoulders. Stay there until I join you.”
Cas sat back on his heels but stayed planted between Dean’s thighs. He took himself in hand and stroked at a rapid pace, his eyes not leaving Dean once. It was clear that he got pleasure from seeing Dean sated and satisfied. All Dean could do was lay there and hold his gaze, neither speaking but both saying volumes.
Dean goes through withdrawal, Cas continues to upset the dynamics, and Sam has to process how he feels about it.
“Not quite. Make no mistake, outside of Michel, any attention I received tonight was due to you. You’re a bigger deal than you think you are.” Cas was looking at him so intensely that Dean almost wanted to hide from it. Instead, he scoffed and took another drink.
There was some high-quality eye candy right there. A quick flip through all of the months confirmed his suspicions that he was holding one giant thirst trap, but mercy, Mr. July was in a category all by himself.  Like most of the photos, he was shirtless and wearing his turnout trousers, but that is where the similarities ended. The perfectly symmetrical, green-eyed firefighter’s muscles had muscles, his skin was dusted with freckles, and soot was artfully smudged across his cheek and clavicle.  He had an unusual pentacle and flame tattoo over his heart and was holding a tiny scrap of fluff that might have been the cutest puppy he’d ever seen.
“The one thing I can’t resist is a delicious cock fresh from the shower. Do you have one of those for me, Dean?” Castiel slowly sunk to his knees.
“Not real, like the fact that you like top forty music, that you like salad sometimes, that you like men as well as women.” Exasperated, Sam threw his own hands up in the air and waved them around for emphasis. Apparently, he was done with the Dean Winchester denial show. “Newsflash, nobody cares if you want to smell like my coconut shampoo and drink green smoothies. The world isn’t going to end if you play music that was written within the last decade, and I’d be delighted as fuck if you pulled your head out of your ass and told Ca…” He caught himself and then carried on anyway. Might as well save them both time and drive the point home. “Screw it…told CAS that you loved him!”
Crowley took out his phone and opened it. Moving over to stand beside Adler, he scrolled through his images until he apparently found the one he wanted.
, or body, soul, and mind. From what I can tell, any time your conscious mind is acting contrary to what your body and soul wants, your body overrides things.”
“Dean, you can’t embarrass us more than that news article did. This is damage control. It will be fine.”
“I’ll admit that I was pissed at first, but after hearing Benny describe the abduction attempt it’s clear that you are just as much a victim as I am. At this point, we can only make the best of a bad situation.”
That look crossed Cas’s face again, Dean now solidly recognized it as the one where he wasn’t getting all of the finer details.
He froze again, remembering the past few days. Cas coming back and leaving again, the night he got blackout drunk, Sam and Cas’s “intervention”, the hospital, and the medication they had given him to weather withdrawal.  It must have worked out of his system now too, because everything was clear.  Clear enough at least because he could feel Cas snuggled up behind him, chest to back, legs tangled in his own, arm swung over his side pulling him close, hips pushed against his ass, and his breath tickling the back of his neck.
So maybe he could go along with the day-to-day stuff, but the rest? Fessing up to a chicken salad over a cheeseburger probably wouldn’t be a big deal in the long run; how was he going to do that with the big things though? The feelings he didn’t even want to admit to himself?
There was a three-second pause while Dean let that sink in. This must have been what Crowley was talking about. He took a side look at the other dignitaries who were watching their exchange closely. This was a test.
“Let me start, Dean, by saying I’m still very upset with you. What you did was reckless and shows complete disrespect for everything we’ve been working towards. It’s going to take me a while to get over it, and probably some groveling on your part.” Charlie was right and Dean knew it, a lot of people had put in a lot of hard work to get him here and he’d disappointed all of them. Even with groveling, he’d never be able to fully make amends.
“What have you got for me, Sam?” Dean was quickly up and walking back towards the small kitchen table.
You didn’t have to ask him twice, Dean was up and out of the room before Cas had barely had time to finish the sentence. His dick was all in, he knew that with absolute certainty. He was halfway down the hall before he heard Cas’ deep rumbling voice call after him.
Before it could escalate further, the trucker from the alley made his way back into the restaurant and sat back down with his friend.  Maybe a little bit drunk, or maybe just in a real good mood after his back alley encounter, he wasn’t the least bit discreet.
“C’mon Cas, wake up sweetheart.  I need you here with me.” He held him close, thumb brushing across his cheek, down to the corner of his mouth, and back up again.
So, no one was more shocked than he was when the waitress successfully called him out on his mistake. He saw the salad on the menu, he’d actually wanted it, but in a million years he never would have intentionally ordered it in front of Sam.
Which was why Sam was shocked when he made his way to Rowena’s office and found Dean casually munching from a bowl of candy on her desk. There was no way Rowena would leave a bowl of candy on her desk to snack on, Dean should have known that.
Sam knew Dean, and he was right, it was a lost cause in as much that he wouldn’t be persuaded.  With a longsuffering sigh, he reluctantly agreed. “Ok Dean, what does the book say?”
“You’ve done your homework, Michael. I’m very impressed.”  Dean didn’t need to know that Castiel knew who he was, so he called him by his pseudonym. Again with the slight blush, Castiel could not wait to get into a full scene with him. “We are almost done there, and then we will have one more thing to do, which I suspect you will enjoy very much. Alright?”
Copying Dean, he took the ring and slid it onto Dean’s left hand, stopping at the same spot on his ring finger.
Cas sipped his coffee and watched him over the rim like he was composing himself before diving into his story.
to. And why should he? He was still pissed at Cas; it was his fault that Jack killed his mom. And he damn well resented the fact that his secrecy and scheming brought him to the place where Dean was the one to pull a gun on the kid before Chuck killed him. And then he had changed the plan, so Sam ended up having to kill Rowena to close the fissure to Hell. If anyone should be abandoning anyone around here, it should have been him leaving Cas. Cas’s actions always came back on Dean, leaving him with the emotional mess to clean up, so yeah, fuck him. He was done with the Dean and Cas shit show.
Cas finished washing and drying his hands and turned to face Dean whose legs were bracketing his.  Leaning back against the counter, he placed his right hand on Dean’s cheek, his left he reached around to place on Dean’s hip, pulling him in for a kiss.
When they had fought and Cas had left the bunker, Cas had said a number of things that Dean didn’t deny, and secretly liked using to hurt Cas the way he’d been hurting.
Dean looked at Castiel, his cerulean blue eyes were taking him in just as closely. They were on the precipice of a huge decision and trying to measure if they knew enough about each other to make the lie work. Dean knew for a fact that he didn’t, had only just learned the guy’s name, and otherwise only knew what he’d read in the paper. Looking at him though, there was just something, he couldn’t explain. Dean relied on instinct and experience for most of his decision-making, and while he had very little experience with Castiel, his instincts were telling him it was going to be ok.  They stared at each other for a long time, breaking it up only when Sam cleared his throat.
Midnight came and went, one, two in the morning. The A/C unit was cycling on and off not so much because Dean found it hot, but because the unit was stuffy and at least it kept the air moving around. Three seemed like the longest hour. Too early to wake up, too late to pretend any sleep at this point would be useful before morning.
Rowena. This was Rowena’s doing. This and the music. It had to be. He had to get back to the bunker and dig into Rowena’s books.
“Happy anniversary,” Castiel repeats, chipper enough for the both of them. He turns off the water and gives Dean a soft kiss, cupping his cheek. “I love you, baby.”
“Yes, I mean anything that I used with a particular client was always discarded when our business arrangement ended, but there was still some standard equipment that was pricey and I’d rather not have to replace or leave it to get stolen.”
“I learned how to love from you, And I would never dishonor that. I was going to leave you because that’s what I thought you wanted. But I would never do that to you, to Sam, or to Jack’s memory. Time is so fleeting, I would never.”
Sam opened the door slightly and peeked his head around just in case Dean wasn’t kidding. Nobody needed that kind of trauma. Seeing that it was safe, he opened the door the rest of the way and entered the room.
That was reasonable Dean supposed, but what would that mean for them? Were they supposed to go around acting married? For how long? Again, each answer begat more questions and his head was starting to hurt. Dean picked up his fork and tried to eat while his brain worked to make sense of things. Hard to believe that only a few hours ago his biggest concern was getting to the coffee shop before they ran out of pie for the day.
“I liked it there, I did. It was a friendly school, and I was enjoying that feeling of being normal.  Dean was 16 at that point, pretty much done with the whole school scene, so he just hung out at the motel, made sure there was food to eat and did whatever to take care of things you know? Dad had said that Dean wasn’t ready to face a vamp and didn’t bother bringing him along, his job was me. It was a really great time Cas, we hung out, we laughed, and it just felt good to have some stability.”
Turning his hands upward in supplication, Dean shrugs and replies, "It's a classic. Besides, you're my Smalls."
Lost at sea might be the best way to describe what he was feeling. There was something about the tone of voice Cas used – Dean knew he was serious. Whatever, this was weird as shit, he might as well play along.  He took a forkful and ate it, expecting a hard rubbery mess because everybody knew that Cas can’t cook worth a damn.
“OK I know it doesn’t look like much, but I uh, I went the other day to check it out.  It needs a lot of work but the structure is sound.”
“Ohh.”  He probably wasn’t supposed to, but he canted his hips again, desperate for more. Cas responded by bringing his hand back to cup his balls and apply gentle pressure and humming along his entire shaft at the same time.
“’M so grateful for everything you’ve done for me this year,” Dean continues, lips now pressed against Castiel’s neck again. “I thought it’s time you start doing things for
And just to prove that a person can change without even realizing it, Dean opened the door and walked back into the bunker two and half weeks after he had left and stilled by the upper railing. Sam’s absence could be tangibly felt, but it was more. The ancient ventilation system whirred, and the recycled air smelled the same as always. The war room below stood ready and waiting and everything was exactly how it had always been. The only thing that was different, was Dean himself.
Cas closed his eyes briefly, another tear rolling down his cheek while Dean studied his face looking for the answers to questions he didn’t know how to ask. He rested his forehead against Cas’s and drew in a breath.
“Good. Now, Cas, do you promise to do your best to do right by Dean for as long as you’re together? Are you willing to be supportive and encouraging, and give Dean the opportunity to be the same?
It was a clear image, and there was no denying who it was and what they were doing. ‘James’ was sitting on a chair with Dean kneeling at his feet, being hand-fed. The angle clearly showed his back, with all of the scars. Sam would have known instantly it was really Dean.
The silence sat heavily between them for a little longer. The bill came and they left a generous tip. Next on the plan was going back to the motel they’d booked. Hopefully, catch some sleep while they waited for news.
This trip to Rowena’s was meant to be an easy and light diversion. A small road trip with a stop for pie that would have them collecting some of the rarest and most powerful books and objects in her apartment. She’d left everything to Sam, she’d told him that. More than anything he wanted to keep everything safe, and long-term storage in the bunker was the safest place on the planet.
There was no response to that outside of Dean lifting the glass he had previously provided to his lips and taking a long drink. Castiel watched his throat move as he swallowed the water, he had rules about how he interacted with his clients, to separate professional and personal - but this client? Well, this one he could easily imagine breaking every last one...that mouth alone begged to be kissed.
Dean shot a playful grin his way before sitting down and grabbing a slice. “You trying to get into my pants hot stuff?  ‘Cause it’s working.”
Both men were sprawled out on the large brown reclining sofa. It had been a splurge when shopping for furniture, and it had only arrived today but was already proving itself to be a worthy investment.  With padding in all of the right places, they rested while taking in the sight of unopened boxes as far as the eye could see.
The flip side was that Cas himself needed corroboration. He’d stuck his neck out for him to even get the identity set up, and had been made to disclose his supposed existence to the people he needed to interact with. Dean could do him a solid in return. Being fake married for a little while wouldn’t kill him. It might actually be nice, really nice. A window on something he had never expected for himself. Worst case scenario, they could part ways in Canada and Cas could tell everyone he had walked out on him.
That stopped the laughter, they were both big men, but it was clear to them both that John was dangerous and picking a fight with him wouldn’t go well.  Not-Henry answered while Henry opened his wallet to leave some cash on the table for their meal. They knew it was time to go. “Well, if anybody gave a shit about him, he wouldn’t be out there to begin with, underage or no.  Kid’s hungry by the looks of him, the twenty I gave him will fill his belly for a day at least.  And don’t fool yourself, he likes cock.  It’s a real win-win situation.”  Making a fast exit together Not-Henry threw his parting words over his shoulder on the way out. “Why don’t you give him a twenty yourself and ask him to show you exactly how much.”
“No, Charlie. Stop right there. I made my own decision and got us into this mess. You don’t know his story, so you’re not going to judge him for it. Pretty sure that’s not why you brought him here, so move on.” In his peripheral vision, he could tell that Castiel was stunned to see Dean coming to his defense. For that matter, Charlie herself seemed stupefied at the steel in his voice and was very briefly at a loss for words. She swallowed and nodded.
“Thank you for telling me that Dean, I know how difficult that was.  May I ask you how old you were at the time?”
Three long seconds of silence, and then Cas heard a crash and the sound of breaking glass coming from the direction of 7B.  The dungeon, of course. The place where he had both told Dean he loved him, and then left him alone to deal with it.  It made sense that he would go back there if he thought Cas had left him again.
Dean looked around the room, everybody he loved was right here. Cas, unwavering, stood by his side with his own ocean blue eyes sparkling and crinkling with joy at the corners. For years, when he was still an angel there were times when Dean could feel the energy from his grace radiating between them.  Cas no longer had any grace, but Dean could swear that he felt it in that moment.
“I’ll go wait in the Impala. Can you have them get the truck towed back to the bunker? Make up some kind of story?” It was Cas’s truck, he’d fix it. He needed to fix it. Even if Cas never drove it again, Dean would do this for him.
He reached over and took Cas’ hand, lacing their fingers together. Drawing them up to his mouth he met Cas’ eyes and kissed the back of his hand.
“This is a two bedroom condo, but the second bedroom is my workout room.” He felt almost sheepish saying it, but it was the truth. “I don’t have a spare bed.”
Dean bit his lip, trying to figure out what he could say next to get through this with minimal damage to his psyche.
And so we come to the end. I have thoroughly enjoyed writing these two and hope that you've enjoyed getting to know them as well.
“Fine. I’ll go. I’m only here because Sam told me it was important to talk to you. He was obviously mistaken.” He turned to leave, and that was the moment Dean would later tell you that all hell broke loose.
“Yeah, I know.” Dean waited a few seconds to see if Sam was going to say anything else. When he didn’t, he kept going. “Listen, I’m not saying you’re right and I’m not saying you’re wrong. But this is a hell of a mess, so how do we fix it?”
“How do you think I would l feel, how Sam would feel if anything happened to you Dean?” Cas squeezed his hands again.  Dean was embarrassed to be laid bare like this, but also maybe a little relieved to have everything out on the table.
Cas grabs the box, since he doesn’t want Dean to see it before he’s ready to give it to him, and leaves the kitchen behind.
He straightened up just a little and waited. Dean followed his instructions. He channeled all of the feelings he had been having for Cas earlier and put them into this one look. Cas’ expression softened in return and that was when Dean reciprocated the kiss.
They cleared the end of the tall rows that had been blocking some of their vision. The laneway opened into a larger gravel parking area that had about a half dozen cars and pick-up trucks parked. From their new vantage, Dean could see a small bonfire and about a dozen people circling it between the barn and the house. Shitty music was playing on an outdoor speaker. That told him that the dozen or so people were teenagers.
“Hey, you gonna ask me for directions? My bag isn’t this far out of town.” Dean was tense, he did not like the feeling of being out of control of the situation. It went against all of his internal wiring.
“Read it.” She pointed to the paper that he was still clutching to his chest. “Read the fucking front page headline, please.” She crossed her arms across her chest and waited. If looks could kill…Dean turned the paper over and unfolded it so he could see the front page.
Cas’s face lit up with a sunny smile so wide that Dean couldn’t even remember the last time he’d seen him that happy.
Dean took wide strides, crossing the distance between them quickly. Cas’s clipped steps ate up the rest of the gap and they were face-to-face all too soon. Standing toe to toe, Cas dropped his duffle to the ground. There was no greeting, his face was set as though it was in stone, no discernable evidence that the two of them had shared a decade of friendship. Nothing.
“I left as soon as I could after I found your location. I slept in my car for a few hours in the early morning, but I’ve been awake more or less since sunrise yesterday.”
The powerful orgasm rocked through Cas in spurts and waves, Dean held him there and swallowed every drop. He refused to let go until Cas started to soften, licking him clean and kissing his head gently before tucking him back into his boxer briefs and pulling his pants back up.
“What the fuck were you thinking, Dean?” Yeah, she was mad. Sam just crossed his arms behind the red-head and let her speak for both of them apparently. He stared at them both, dumbfounded.
“I’ll drink it if you keep me company. Deal?” Cas handed over the coffee and sat beside him, being careful not to jostle the bed and cause the coffee to spill. Dean took a sip and murmured his appreciation. “Perfect, I could get used to this.”
Propping himself up against the headboard, he cracked the first beer and sipped it while looking for something to watch on tv. There wasn’t a whole hell of a lot on, but he eventually settled on a marathon of Friends. He wasn’t in the mood for anything heavier and didn’t feel like having to pay too much attention to anything else right now. He wondered how far Cas had gotten; if he stayed the night anywhere or used the fact that he didn’t really need to sleep to drive through the night. He could be anywhere by the time Dean woke up in the morning, which was just as well.
One look up at the angel and Dean could see his smug smile. Cas understood very well just how touch starved Dean was, and he was happy to oblige. He kissed Dean on the top of his head and Dean melted into the casual show of affection.
Slipping in beside him, Castiel drew Dean close and wrapped him in his arms. As far as wedding nights went, Dean had no complaints.
“Hey Sammy, you been here all night?”  The coffee was already made, and from the smell of it, not too long ago.  He poured himself a cup and went to sit with his brother.  “How’s the research coming?”
They ate in silence for a little bit, not awkward, but pensive.  Cas was a perpetually patient angel and Dean figured it was always going to be up to him to break the ice for conversations like this.
“Hey, if it was a nine-hour drive to get to me, and a nine-hour drive back, how long have you been awake for?”
“Today is obviously an exception. I would also like to say thank you to all of you, I did not really understand what it meant to be part of a family and have friends until I came here. You have all given me a place to belong…” He paused and looked at Dean with a tender smile. “Especially you Dean, and I am grateful.  I am also supposed to tell you that we have plenty of food and drinks, and lots of empty rooms. You are all welcome to stay for an extended party and sleep here if needed.” That done, he directed his attention back to Jody.
“You are incredible, I can’t wait to explore them all with you.” Dean felt his face heat up from the attention. It had been a simple thing to do, yet his dom was so pleased with him. He would do his very best to always make Castiel this happy.
Sam was still standing, along with Benny and Jack. Everyone looked at him expectantly for the next cue. Still very much directing the flow of things, he ran a hand through his shaggy hair and let out a determined sigh.
They sat awkwardly for a few moments, eating their breakfast and finishing their coffees. Dean got up and refilled the mugs, bringing them back to bed to try again.  He felt a little more in control of the situation at hand and hoped he could do this right.  He perched back up on the bed beside Cas and gave him a cocky grin.
Castiel smiled and followed him, still carrying a paper bag.  “Naples.” Setting it on the table he walked over to the cupboard to grab two plates, two wine glasses, and a corkscrew.  Back at the table he set to work uncorking the bottle and pouring them each a glass of red.   Dean stood still in the center of the floor watching him quietly the whole time.
There was also a gorgeous little herb garden that Dean visited daily. Fresh parsley, basil, oregano, rosemary, or sage made their way into their nightly meals, pestos prepped ahead and frozen for winter, and mint made into mojitos when they had guests who wanted something other than beer.
“Yes, James.” Ah, we were back to a subtle blush now and it was very sweet to behold. He noted that he’d immediately fallen into addressing him properly without being asked. Dean might be a novice to BDSM, but clearly, he seemed naturally wired for it.
Two episodes and only one beer later, there was a knock on the door. He got up to answer, knowing, just
What they hadn’t shown, was an unmarked poorly cleared, and almost invisible single lane dirt road cutting into the forest in the same general direction that he had to hike in. Betting on a hunch and silently apologizing to baby, he nosed the car towards the lane, deciding to follow it as long as it generally traveled in the same direction he was headed.  Even if he had to leave the car on the lane to continue on foot, there was no one around to see or care. This really was literally the middle of buttfuck nowhere.
The bed had four sturdy posts at the end of its headboard and footboard. Discreetly, although now that he could see them, it was obvious, there was a wrought iron band on each one. Affixed to the bands were some pretty serious looking rings.  Eyes widening at that particular and really hot concept, he shot a look at Cas who had been watching and waiting for a response.
Bringing the gear in, he dropped his bag on the bed and brought the rations to the kitchen.  He had enough food for a week if it came to it, and while it wasn’t gourmet it would do.  Now that he was here and adjusting to the surprise, he wanted to stay a few days.  It felt good to be away from the bunker anyway.
“Every day with you is special,” Castiel reminded him, pulling him in for a brief hug, careful of his wounds.
He's done, absolutely had enough. Dean's tired and honestly would rather be curled up in bed before he has to deal with the potential fallout of Castiel finding that their anniversary is ruined beyond repair.
“What’s it look like? Netflix and chill…without the chill. Sadly.” Dean looked more agitated than sad, he rubbed the back of his neck and pretended to be more interested in what was on the screen instead of looking at his brother.
He turned the water on and shucked off his briefs. He wasn’t even sure why he’d worn them. If he’d been alone he would have been walking around naked. Cas had already told him that he expected him to be naked when they were doing scenes, he wondered what he’d been doing subconsciously. Whatever, it had been a day full of surprises and his brain was probably overtaxed, just like he felt. He stepped into the shower and turned up the temperature until it was as hot as he could bear. His muscles were tense and the heat felt good. He closed his eyes and leaned his head against the cool stone while the spray pummeled his back. He let his mind drift as the day’s stresses seemed to swirl down the drain.
“Six months. I told the government we had recently married and I’ve told everyone else that we married before moving. That way any potential errors in our story can be ignored for being newlyweds.”
“I’m sorry Sam, I uh…, well, would you please do me a favor and take of for a few days? I uh, want to spend some time alone…with Cas…” Dean lifted his eyes to look at Sam, there was a pleading look that Sam had never seen before.
“Cas, if he didn’t have a chance to say anything when you told him how you felt, how can you know that he doesn’t feel the same way back? Because everything I have ever seen between you tells me the exact opposite.”
Dean sits on the floor surrounded by wilting roses and a smashed vase. Water seeps into the leg of his slacks, but it doesn't make him get up. Not even the notion of Castiel coming through the door any moment gets him up.
Silence hung between them in the old industrial kitchen for a few long minutes while Dean took deep breaths to contain himself.  Sam knew he was asking for something impossibly hard of Dean, but maybe he needed to face it.  “Tell you what, I’m going for a long run, then heading to Eileen’s for a few days.  You don’t have to do it right now, but maybe while I’m gone?  Would that be ok?”
They turn their focus back to dinner and, soon enough, they have a perfect carbonara on the table. While Dean digs through the fridge to find beers, Castiel quickly cleans the bloody napkins and replaces them with cleans ones—not swan-shaped, but Castiel never got the hang of folding them all fancy, and, at the end of the day, it doesn’t even really matter. While he does so, he takes the time to hide his present. Dean’s mood has definitely improved, Castiel notes with relief, leaning over the table to steal a kiss, but the gift will have to wait just a little longer. The burger disaster and Dean’s near-meltdown are still too fresh in both their minds.
Ah, yes now he did.  He not so delicately moved out of his embrace and sat upon the edge of the bed. “I’m good now, thanks.”
Cas stopped where he was kneeling in the dirt and turned back towards the house. “I’ll be there in ten minutes.”
“Well, he’s a good reference. Let’s move on then.”  He opened up his tablet to review the agreement that he had shared with Dean in advance. The man had completed the form, and only a review was necessary. He’d been surprised to see that impact play was firmly in the no category, very uncommon for his typical clientele.  “I’ve read your list of preferences as well as those kinks you wish to avoid.  I also see that you have a long list of things that you are open to exploring but don’t have a definitive answer for yet.”
“Like I said, I was only 12 right, so there’s a lot I didn’t know.  But I realized that Dean and Phil weren’t just friends.  I mean every night Dean would have a shower and change before he went over to hang out. Phil’s room was next to ours and the walls were thin, so I could hear them watching movies and laughing while I did homework in our room.  By the time Dean would come back, I’d be in bed asleep. But this one night I wasn’t, and I heard Dean come in, except he wasn’t alone at the door.  Phil was with him and I saw them kissing in the doorway, like really kissing, Cas. Dean broke it off and told him that he didn’t want to wake me up and had to go. And then he kissed him once more and he left.  I never let on that I saw it and pretended to be asleep, but 100% Dean and Phil were making out.”
Dean felt himself preen under the affirmation; he was making Castiel happy already. There was a knock at the door. Checking his watch he realized that it must be Benny to escort them to the SUV.
“You got a car? If they know where I live, they know what I’m driving. I’ve got a go-bag stashed if you can get us there.” Cas nodded once, towards a nondescript beige sedan parked on the main street. They’d be driving away from Dean’s place and heading out of town within seconds. “She’s ugly, but she’s perfect. Let’s go.”
Never turning, not even for a quick side glance, Castiel walked away. Down the hall, up the steps, out the door. Out of Dean’s life.
The brothers looked at each other, this was as close to a chick flick moment as Dean wanted to get. Frankly, he was exhausted. He needed the conversation to end, at least for a bit, so he could process whatever the hell being honest looked like. Sam, to Dean's relief, seemed to recognize that maybe they’d already covered a lot of uncomfortable territory today and Dean needed a break.
Holding it close, he decided that he was finished in the room for now.  Standing in the doorway, he surveyed the room again, almost identically to when he had first entered.  The bed was a little more messed up because of him but everything else was being left as he had found it. He hit the light switch to the left once again and gently shut the door behind him.
Dean stood under the hot water for a luxuriously long time, scrubbing every inch of skin at least twice as if trying to wash away a lifetime of regret and bad choices. The heat and shower pulse relaxed the tension in his neck and shoulders that had been sitting there for as long as he could reasonably remember.  He could have stayed all day, but Cas was waiting for him and that was more than enough enticement to get out, get dressed, and make his way towards the kitchen. Fresh start he told himself under his breath as he followed the smell of brewing coffee, feeling more than a little nervous about how things were going to unfold. Even a sure thing can be a scary thing.
“Cas, Stop! I know I messed up but you have to at least hear me out. You can’t lea…” A lump formed in Dean’s throat, stopping his words briefly. “You can’t leave without giving me a chance to explain.”
Dean’s color deepened, he might have revealed a little too much there because that was exactly what he was hoping Cas was thinking when he looked at him like that. Not that he could just come right out and ask, that would be too embarrassing, but yeah, he hoped that Cas was picking up on the silent message he was sending.
Dishes done, he dried his wet hands on a dishtowel and slid open the window.  “Hey, handsome! Want some lunch?”
“Ah yes, look at this one. The lighting makes it clear as day, don’t you think? Do you suppose your wife Patricia would like a copy?” Adler’s eyes bugged at whatever Crowley showed him. “Oooo, this is a good one. That would probably look lovely framed over your bed, what do you think? Shall I send it?”
“I hate you so much,” Sam chuckled, getting back up and giving his brother a hug before he got out of the car and threw his backpack on. He closed the door gently, leading forward and poking his head through the window so that he could hand his brother the homework he had neglected on the table this morning. Dean reached his arm out and gratefully took his homework, shooting finger guns at Sam and giving him a smile. Sam just shook his head, the lopsided grin on his face didn’t leave as he walked away, making Dean’s day.
"Oh... Cas, your boyfriend I presume, isn't doing very good," she paused before continuing, "let's just say he might not wake up."
“No, but time sure as hell will!” Dean yelled before running to get everything else together. Before Sam knew it, he was being pushed out the door and towards the impala that Dean seemed to love more than his life and pie put together. Sam chuckled knowing that although Dean loved his impala more than almost anything in the world, Dean would always drop anything and everything for his little brother. Dean locked the door and unlocked the impala, reminding Sam to be gentle with his baby. Dean hopped into the car around the same time Sam did, the brothers closing their doors in unison. Dean started up the car and sped off, running a few stop signs along the way. Sam swallowed the rest of his toast--Dean had finished his earlier--and began to put his notebooks away in his bag.
Once we got to school, we hopped out of the Impala and ran off to class. We had our classes together and absolutely loved the arrangement.  We giggled as we ran across the school, racing to see who would be the fastest today. I got to my locker first and Gabe huffed once he caught up, grumbling something about it not being fair and me having long legs. I chucked and towered over him to tease him.
“And, I said hello. Told you I’m Dean Winchester and thought you would make a good friend. Mentioned that dad moved into town because we needed to run from our troubles and you never questioned me otherwise,” I smiled fondly.
“Okay! I have no idea. Maybe it's because of some lady I made out with on accident and told to get out of my car,” Dean questioned.
His voice trailed off and he started directly behind me. I tilted my head and cracked it back to see that someone was standing outside. They were walking their dog and stopped out of curiosity to observe that was going on. Dad immediately closed the door, angrier this time.
I smiled and jumped out of bed, I woke up two hours earlier than usual so that I could carry out my plan. I snuck downstairs, careful that I didn't make much noise. Once I got downstairs, I smiled fondly at the kitchen and rushed to grab all the stuff. I opened up the cabinet door under the sink and pulled out my sticky concoction. I needed to make sure I had something sticky enough to make sure everything was decently stuck to everyone. I tried not to giggle while I opened up the pantry door and brought out sugar, edible glitter, and lollipops.
“Still,” I looked at him with sharp eyes letting him know that we may have known each other for a long time but I still wanted a relationship.
I stopped in front of the house. It was big and painted while. It was kept clean and the lawn was starting to decay but it was still the bright green I knew it to be. I walked up to the steps and pulled out one of my copies of the keys to the house. Sam and I both got two copies once dad left and we had some backups made and others hidden in case too. I went to put the key in but that’s when I realized it, dad’s car.
"Cas!" I heard Dean's familiar voice from across the apartment. "Yes, Dean?" I responded as I searched through all the boxes. We had just moved into an apartment together. We thought that since we were both going to the same high school and needed to get away from our homes, it would be financially easier to rent out an apartment together. "Gabe and Sammy are going to come over and help us unpack. Then we are going to head over to the diner." Dean's cucumber green eyes landed on my vibrant blue eyes for a second before they flew across the room. "Okay! Guess we will have to see the two bringers of destruction soon." I sighed thinking about the last time Gabe and Sam got together to prank the both of us. "Yep! I'll leave you to it and make sure to hurry your feathery-" "Dean!" "What!?" I glared at him, which somehow answered his question. I picked up my box and took it over to my room while Dean followed silently behind. We dropped my boxes off into my room before doing the same to his. We worked in comfortable silence before the doorbell rang. "I'LL GET IT!" I screamed from across the room as I ran trying to get to the door before Dean. Dean sprinted across the room and towards the door. Before I could stop myself, I tripped and flew right at him causing us to go stumbling across the room. "It's open." Dean groaned as I tried to get out of the wrapped-up mess we were. His leg was hooked around mine while he laid on my arm. I could feel my other arm stuck between our legs. His free hand was rubbing the side of his head that had collided against the wall. His other hand was stuck between us. I heard someone open the door while I allowed my head to drop onto Dean's chest. I let out an exasperated sigh once I gave up trying to get out of the knot we were in. Dean laughed as he watched me struggle. "Dean, what do you think you're doing?" Sam said with just as much of the amount of sass as Gabe has candy. "DOGPILE!" I hear Gabe scream as he and Sam come running at us. I bit down on Dean's leather jacket as I fought back a scream. I felt the pain hit me and it hit me hard. Suddenly, I heard a loud pop in my arm. I shook the pain off even though it felt like a thousand knives were going through me when I moved it. Dean must've heard the noise because he struggled and failed as he tried to push Sam and Gabe off. I smiled weakly at him before remembering I had a voice and yelling at them to get off. I quickly added for them to help Dean and me unravel ourselves. As soon as they got up, I felt some of the pain and pressure leave my arm. I let out a relieved sigh. Once they pulled Dean and me apart, Dean immediately checked my arm to make sure it was okay. "DUDE!!!" Dean said with a gasp. "You fractured my little angel's arm!" "What!?" I said confused. "GABE!!!" Sam whined. "It wasn't me you oversized moose!" Gabe replied defensively. "With all the candy you eat, you are just as bad as me!" Sam stuck his tongue out at Gabe. Gabe ran over and licked it quickly before Sam got the chance to retract it. Gabe winked at Sam's shocked face reviving lots of oohs and awws. "Well, are you going to help us unpack or not?" I said frustrated with my hungry stomach. Sam and Gabe let out groans before retreating to our rooms. Gabe went into mine and Sam went into Dean's. I could hear Sam teasing Dean before asking him what had happened before they opened the door. I laughed to myself as I thought about my clumsiness. Before long, we had finished unpacking and we were on our way to the diner. Ash, Jo, Ellen, and Bobby are all going to be there today. I smiled fondly when I thought about how kind they all are to me. Even though they are Dean's family, they treat me like family too. It must be because they've known me for so long. But like they said, family doesn't end in blood. We ordered what we normally do before a lovely brunette walked over to our table. Sam and Gabe exchanged looks as they watched her walk over like she owned the place. I looked at them confused while they just smiled and shrugged. "Hey Dean," she said with a bright smile, "you still up for tonight?" She winked at him and his cheeks turned slightly pink. "Umm..." Dean's voice trailed off as he looked at me shyly before turning his attention back at her. "Yea, seven, tonight, my place." He smiled as he wrote down our apartment number and address on a napkin. He handed it back to her with a smirk. I got up, cleared my throat, and excused myself, not wanting to hear the rest of the conversation. I walked over to the restroom and opened one of the stall doors. I sulked in and sat in deep thought on top of the closed toilet seat. I have had a crush on Dean for a while now. At first, it started off as a friendship, then we became best friends, and soon family. Those feelings then developed into more. I always pushed it away not wanting to confront the sad truth that Dean would never like me that way. I silently sobbed with my head in my hands. I sat there for about five minutes before I heard the bathroom door open up allowing someone to walk in. I whipped my eyes as I pretended to get up from finishing and flushed the toilet. I pulled out my phone and checked my eyes to make sure that it wasn't visible that I had been crying. I sighed, I have cried a lot growing up and have learned a thing or two about hiding the fact that I had been crying. I've hidden it so much I guess my body had gotten used to the fact that it needed to remain hidden. "Are you okay?" I heard Sam's voice echo throughout the bathroom. There was the smallest hint of empathy and worry in his voice. "Of course, I just needed to use the restroom." I looked down and realized that my fly was undone. Thank goodness, I thought to myself as I loudly zipped it back up. I hoped that it was loud enough for Sam to hear and use as proof that I had indeed been using the restroom. "Okay, whatever you say." I walked out of the restroom to find Sam washing his hands. I leaned over the one on his left and decided to do the same. I smiled, thankful for the silence. We exchanged a look that said more than a million words ever could. A few years ago, I had told Sam how I felt about Dean. I've always trusted him and he's confided in me as well. He said he understood and revealed the fact that he had feelings for my brother. We have been there for each other ever since always there in case one of us needed to let it out. We walked back out to find that Dean and Lisa had left to go out for a walk by the park. Gabe smiled at Sam the second he saw him and ran over to drag him back to the booth. I laughed as I watched Sam get confused with all the mixed signals he was getting. If I was him, I would be confused too. We always knew that Gabe was pansexual, it just confused us on whether or not he liked Sam too. "So, what's with Lisa?" I watched Gabe look at Sam for help. Sam just pushed Gabe and motioned for him to tell me. "Dean and Lisa have been dating for a while now, but they haven't told anyone. Dean's keeping it a secret from you. Dean didn't want to make you uncomfortable or make you feel like your friendship was going to die out." Gabe sighed, he knew how I felt about Dean too. I didn't tell him but he figured it out. Most people assumed Dean and I were dating but it was just how close our friendship was. "Yea, but don't worry, he's probably going to figure out how quick she is to move on and go onto another guy. She isn't the most faithful person, maybe when she's older she'll straighten out." Sam looked at me hopefully. I smiled at him and gave them a hug, thankful that they were always there for me. Once we were done eating, I got the check and paid for all of us. Dean was supposed to pay but he didn't leave any money. I guess he got so caught up in the presence of his girlfriend which he didn't tell me— his best friend, that's always been there for him, and showed him nothing but loyalty, love, and respect— about. We walked home once we realized that Dean also took the keys of the impala with him. I smiled weakly while Gabe and Sam tried cheering me up along the way, telling me jokes and funny stories while making a fool out of themselves. We got home and I allowed Sam and Gabe to spend the night. They stayed in my room while I grabbed some blankets and took the couch. I didn't bother changing or taking a shower and just went to bed before Dean and Lisa could get home.
The sink was white and medium sized. There were handles and each side for hot and cold and a button on the top that said start/stop to get the water going. It was motion activated as well but I guess some people don’t want to put up with it assuming that you’re done. There was also a motion pad for the temperature where you simply move your hand up and down directly in front of it to adjust the temperature. The higher you went, the warmer it would go and vise versa. There was a stool underneath it in case anyone needed a boost to reach. On either side of it there was a way to dry your hands. To the left of the sink, there was a hand dryer and it had levels on the side that determined how hard/cold you wanted the air to come out. The dispenser also had motion activated adjustments and other buttons I wouldn’t want to complicate my life with. To the right, there was a paper towel dispenser. The paper towels were purple and I was worried that perhaps they would dye my hands purple. Above the sink, there’s a soap dispenser that’s motion activated, however, if you decided you didn’t want to wait for it to catch onto your motion there was a button to press for it to simply squirt out.
Sam grumbled as he walked away. He grabbed Gabe’s arm and yanked him off the floor. I watched as the poor kid got dragged to Sam’s room. He seemed pretty content as he sucked on his sucker and Sam averted to grabbing his leg instead. I chuckled to myself as I watched them go into Cas’ room.
I turned a corner into an alley to get some peace and quiet and immediately regretted that. There, standing in front of me, was Crowley and his group. I tried back back away and run but before I knew it, they were on me.
“Who is to say there has to be an error? What if it all goes smoothly and you’re just blinded with all the light,” I questioned.
“Lisa, she goes from one guy to the next,” Cas started, “she likes motorcycle guys. She’d hit up just about any guy that walks up to her first at the bar.”
“ you guys have no idea how much work it took me to get all this through!” Gabe exclaimed, panting between each word.
I ran upstairs to Luc's room first and set up the trap. I spread lines all over his room to make sure that I could get Luc good. Once I was done, I left him his own little treat. I snickered as I snuck off to Balthy and Sam's room. I set up some sugar bombs for them to wake up to along with a chopped rotten fish in the curtain pole. They'd never find it there and it would take them a while to realize what was hiding in their room. I ran back over to the kitchen and I made sure to neatly place all of the stink bombs that would take a bit to be set off.
“Fine, I won’t then,” I pouted and looked at Sammy Who is now sending me a look that told me I was probably going to regret saying what I just did.
"Wake up!" I heard someone say as their body fell onto mine. I groaned remembering how much my arm hurt when pressure was applied to it. I hadn't moved it much the other day but I could tell it was already getting better, I'm a pretty fast healer. It's almost inhuman.
I smiled and drank my drink ,saving my food for someone else considering I had already eaten enough. I gave them a quick thank you and hugged them goodbye before walking out. I walked down a block or two before finding a homeless man on the side of the road begging for whatever charity a person could offer. I approached him and gave him a kind hello before offering him my food. His bright smile warmed my heart as his enthusiasm took over and he eagerly said yes. He took my food while thanking me and I took off my sweater which I chose to wear under my trench coat today. Thankfully, I always carried an extra pair of jeans in the hidden pocket inside my trench coat after a pranking incident with Sam and Gabe occured. I handed him my sweater and jeans and fiddled through the inside of my pockets before finally finding a comb and a bunch of tiny portable unused mouthwash that I used when I wanted to get out of the house quickly. I handed him them and sat down when he started the conversation, grateful for all that I had done for him. He was a kind man, I learned that he had lost his job and his girlfriend had recently left him so he had no one left to help him. His mother had passed away a few years before and his father left when he was younger. He has been homeless for a while now and was grateful for someone willing to talk to him and help him out. I chatted with him for a while before promising to come back the next day. I left and walked towards the library feeling happy that I could help someone again. I normally gave people in need some food and whatever else I could.
"Stop it! You're going to leave a mark!" Luc pushed my hand off and I rolled off the bed and out the door, leaving Luc in the room.
“Like a Pope declaring war on black cats because of his belief that they were related to Satan. Of course, this backfired and only ended up resulting in a higher population of rats that carried plagues,” Dean added.
I woke up early and went straight to the kitchen, I wanted to make sure I could make some food for all of us before school started. I mixed the batter together and dropped circles of pancake mix onto the hot skillet. I could hear Cas waking up and wandering into the shower. I wondered what he looked like and my mind began to wander... No! He's just my friend and he doesn't see me that way anyways, plus, I have a girlfriend.
“Dean Winchester, there’s been a delay in your visit and I’m sorry to have to say this but you’re going to have to return another day. We are doing our best right now but we’ve mixed up our schedule slightly and we are all bruised up. With our staff making room in the morgue and others are busy with cleaning. We have our doctors occupied with surgeries and assisting. There’s more but I would hate to waste your time with the details. Perhaps, you could come back at another time. I know it seems harsh but we are being very careful with this one.”
They led me towards a room and so far I was winning the battle to stay awake. I could see them opening the door and up until now I hadn’t realized that my head was gushing out blood. I could feel the warmth of the sticky liquid. The doctors held my head up and began to get to work. I heard them say something about the risks that come with  putting me down without it happening naturally are too high. They grabbed needles and metal things I’ll never be able to name. They poked me and sewed me together. They used some sucky  thing that looked somewhat like what a dentist used to get rid of some of the blood. I passed out before I could continue observing what they were doing and as I did I heard one of them say it was about time.
“Alright, you can come. Sammy is being a bit of a prick right now and just ran off with some girl, Eileen.”
"Hey, I need to talk to you," I said, snapping myself out of my thoughts and back into the real world.
I doubt Cas likes me back and that’s why I can’t tell him. He would hate me. Leave me. He would ridicule me and expose me to the world. I love Cas and I can’t risk losing him. But I just did. It’s all my fault. Today, I’m waiting for Cas. It’s a Friday and I just got out of school. Sam decided to head with Gabe to some diner for grub- I hope Adam got to go with them.
Sometimes, it's not about the words. Sometimes, it's not about how you can express yourself with a few carefully picked remarks. It's about the choices you make, the things you change. Sometimes, it's about trying. Sometimes, it's about doing good on your word. No one deserves pain or suffering. No one deserves to feel like they do either. But changing that mentality takes time, it takes time to realize your own worth. But others can see that worth, others can see what an amazing person you are. Sometimes, others can see it and they use it to their advantage. Sometimes people use you, sometimes people play you. Sometimes they say sorry and promise it won't happen again but it does. Words aren't everything, actions are. The changes made are what matters. What matters is how you show you care not how you state you care. What matters is proving that a person matters to you not telling them. What matters is trying to help the other person and realizing when you've gone too far. If you can see that you're hurting the person you love, then it means you don't care enough to try to. If you don't take it seriously when the person tells you something, it means you aren't as close as expected. If you can't respect it when someone tells you to stop or pause for a moment, then that person, that person deserves someone who loves them. If you can't make good on your words, promises, and responsibilities, then it means that you need to fix some things. But if someone can't fix those things, that means they don't care enough to. If someone is doing all those things to you, then maybe you give them a chance. You give them a chance because everyone deserves a chance. You give them a chance because everyone wants to feel loved. You give them a chance because you love them. You don't give them a chance because you feel like you have to. You don't give them a chance because you feel like you deserve the pain. Because guess what, you don't deserve the pain. No one deserves pain. If you gave that person a chance, or two, or three, or maybe even some more, and they still haven't made good on their promises, then you should rethink your approach. If the person truly loved you, they wouldn't want to hurt you, they wouldn't want to cause you pain, they would want to change. But if that person did not change and continued to harm you, you should relook your things. If that person can't respect you and love you and treat you right then that person was never made for you. No one deserves pain and no one should think that they do either, but no one should cause others pain either. You may love that person and you may have a good connection with them, but is that connection truly as close as you thought? Does that person truly care about you as much as you do? Are you with that person because they care or because you feel it is your duty to be there? Sorry doesn't change things. You could say sorry to someone and not mean it. You could say sorry to someone and mean it but soon you've said it so much and that person has tolerated you so much that the words that were once meant to be a promise is now just a regular thing. Sorry might seem to be a strong word and it can be but it's not always accurate, people don't always make good on their words. Sometimes, it's about showing people you care, proving it to them. Sometimes it's about making sacrifices for those people because you care about them. If that person isn't willing or simply can't make that sacrifice then honey, you deserve better. You might love a person but sometimes it's not about that love. Sometimes it's about you. No one deserves pain and no one deserves to be unhappy. You should love yourself and others. If you aren't good as a person, then you take that time for yourself to make yourself a better person because darn it, you are worth it. Sometimes, you have to give people time to change themselves before you can let them in. Sometimes you have to do it for yourself and for them.
“Oh! Don’t pull that with us, Gabe! You’re always saying how someone fluttery eyed you and stuff during class. Don’t go putting false ideas in Sam’s poor little brain!” Ana squealed.
His raven hair draped perfectly over his head, proofing up an inch just right. It was spiked up and messy in all the right places. Little strands of hair fell over his forehead.  I wanted to go over and tuck them back in their place, giving him small little kisses in the process. He looked as if he just woke up, which he did, or as if he just did the dirty.
“Sam and Eileen?” Castiel asked, he seemed surprised, glancing at Dean before walking towards the Chevy Impala.
I woke up and saw that Meg was by the foot of my bed. She seemed to be sweeping the floors and making sure everything was nice and neat.
Much as I love Lisa and as much as I know she loves me, I know it’s not the same. Our hearts don’t love each other the same. Our love doesn’t match. Our commitment isn’t the same, my commitment lies with Cas. I don’t know if she knows that yet or if she is still in denial. I don’t even know if I know it yet. But I do know that I want my rest of my days to be spent with Cas. I want to be able to hold him in my arms, I want to be able to kiss him till the sun don’t shine no more. I want to be able to spend all my time with him until I have my very last breath. I want to grow old with him and get kids.
“Oh yea, it’s not like we can just change your rooms and monitors for a breakup,” Meg said, stating the obvious.
We got to Baby and I opened the door for her. She got in gracefully and it wasn’t until I saw a picture of Cas on my sun visor when I pulled it down. That’s when I snapped out of the trance and kindly told her to get out of the car.
Truth is, I've had a crush on Gabe for a while. I'm not so sure if he likes me back but I sure hope he does. I've been getting mixed signals and my mind is all over the place trying to figure out what's what and what's real. With Gabe, you can really never know when something is a prank or real. I sure learned that the hard way...
“Awe, couples goals! Hashtag Destiel!” Sam shouted and then hit a button on his phone, “This is totally going to make the shippers go crazy.”
I hopped in the car and waited for her to finish up guzzling down her well earned juice. Once I heard the soft click indicating that it was done, I got out and finished her up. Getting back into Baby was great and I turned the key starting her up so I could get her near Sammy and ready to go. I hit the gas as I did a 180 in order to try to get the right direction when I heard a thump. I looked into my rear view and realized that I hit something large. Perhaps a shelf or something?
Anyways, as I was saying, I’m waiting out in the waiting room to see what’s up with Cas. No one has told me anything about what’s been up with him recently and his Dad says it’s best I don’t. Today, I had a good talk with Chuck and he said that I can visit him but I have to prepare myself. I’m not even sure if that means he’s dead or alive but I’m nervous and terrified. The nurses keep looking at me with pity and lots of empathetic looks are being thrown my way. I’m not sure why but they seem sad for me; I feel almost as if they know who I am.
The rest of the day went very smoothly. I didn't get much more trouble. I did get some insults thrown at me but nothing physical. I was happy to see Sam and Gabe come out with grins on their faces when they pulled me into a hug.
“Well, she walked me to my car and got in and then kissed me. Then I told her to get out and sent her out of Baby,” Dean murmured.
Dean ultimately decided on a cheeseburger before glancing up to look at his date. Dean was surprised when he looked up to see Castiel Novak staring up at him with wide eyes, examining him, taking him in. Dean wanted to say something but he felt like the wind had been knocked out of him, his breath was caught in his throat. He placed his menu down before taking in a breath and deciding to play it cool.
"Hey Novak!" I heard an all too familiar voice yell from down the hall. I looked around eager for an exit only to find out that I was cornered. I looked back at my school bullies as I collapsed on the floor and let their beatings take over. I sobbed once it was done. Their kicks and insults flooded  my brain. Their punches beat me down more than usual. I crawled into the bathroom and fumbled through my pocket.
"I gotta head over to the bathroom but I'll head back over soon!" I call out while running off towards the bathroom.
“Okay Dean. We will be here! Be safe,” Sammy was silent for a bit until the realization hit him, “oh! Be careful! Are you planning on moving in there?”
Lisa got up and walked out the door, leaving all five of us to look at each other wondering if that just happened.
“Smell you later, Winchester,” Cas said, tripping Dean and making his way out of the room. Dean got up and threw his bag on, brushing himself off and entering the hallway.
I don’t remember all the details of how we got together but I know I was happy as hell to have her. She always was bright and had a smile on her face. Her bright smile turned into a devilish grin as she approached me. Her hips swing side to side and her hair wrapped around her finger as she twirls it. She looked happy but up to no good.
“Yea... I get it. Hey, Charlie is a friend of mine. What do you say we get together and make this work for her?” Cas suggested.
“So, I heard your dad’s going to be gone for a few days if not a week. Said he was going to be out doing a job but that he would be back to see me. I talked to him some more and he said I could stay the night if I wanted. Of course, I said yes. Now…” she used her spare hand to make a motion as if she was showing the entire room, “we have this all to ourselves.”
I woke up drenched in sweat and filled with fear. I immediately got up and went to Sammy's room and asked him if I could fall asleep with him. I curled up next to him and held him tight as I fell asleep yet again.
I walked out of the stall and put the blade back into my pocket. I washed my hands and let out a gasp when I turned around to see Dean. I pulled my sleeves down but by then it was too late. He knew. He knew everything.
“Nah, don’t worry about it. I’m sure there are plenty of other hot men that he could go for. Hell, he’s pansexual so he’s got every fish in the sea.”
I dodged over to the side and watched amused when he rammed into the wall. His anger now turning to rage. I could practically see the steam coming out of his ears as his head turned to look at me. I bolted up the stairs, down the hall, and into Sammy's room.
“What are you doing here?” Dean asked, slightly surprised considering he had originally believed Cas to be straight.
I circled my finger around a bruise under Cas' lip and I could tell Cas was trying to process it all. Before he could object, I quickly grabbed some ointment and bandages from the cabinet and started cleaning him up a bit. Although the nurses were trying, Cas wasn't in the best shape and they had to act quickly. That meant they didn't have time to worry about small cuts or anything.
“Alright,” he sighed, he knew how much this date meant to Charlie, specifically the girl behind it. Dean hadn’t come to know who the mystery girl was but he knew Charlie had something for her and he wasn’t about to get in the way of a possible love story. Sure, he wasn’t into all those chick flick moments but with Charlie, he just wanted to see her happy and if going on one simple date meant that she would be then so be it.
"Ask what?" I questioned, pretending to not know what he was talking about. Normally, Dean calls me Angel or Giraffe. Crowley had come up with the nickname giraffe and Dean had thought nothing of it. At first, it hurt that Crowley was teasing me and making fun of me, but once Dean started using the name and used it lovingly- for the most part-  I liked it. I never really liked giving Crowley the satisfaction of knowing his words had an impact on me.
I shuffled over to my bed and opened up my curtains, no longer wanting them closed. For a moment, I let the confusion overwhelm me before I closed my eyes and did the same. When I opened them, Cas was still there. He shined bright like the stars on a dark and starry night. I knew this boy had won my heart and maybe, just maybe, he would shake the world at his feet and let me have a glimpse of his light.
“Well, although he fought for their rights, his family had owned slaves as well and he didn’t exactly treat all his followers kindly. Hence the assasination attempt before the one that went successful when a woman stabbed him in the chest with a seven inch letter opener. He partook in adultery and he may even be an accomplice to sexual assault. Or what about the fact that he abused women? Are we going to ignore the FBI report that says he laughed and offered advice as he watched  his friend forcing a woman into intercourse? So many good things are said about Martin Luther King Jr. and yet the bad is never exposed into the light, why?” Dean said, as he looked, and met his teacher’s gaze, holding it for a moment before his professor tore away.
Soon, the curtains of my eyes closed and I fell asleep leaving those two love birds to discuss little things the man was clearly clueless to. Just like my Cas. Not not mine- yet.
When dad left, he didn’t completely leave and pack his bags. He’s just gone most of the time and didn’t have time to take care of us. He hoped that the Novak family could take us in and keep him updated while disciplining us. Things didn’t work out that way and as it turns out, Chuck didn’t agree with my dad’s way of doing things. Chuck says that whenever John has the sudden realization that he has kids hit every once in a while, he just tells him that things are going well and the kids are behaving. Dad not being here doesn’t necessarily mean the house isn’t there. We still own the house and dad is well off with money he just never bothered sending any. I guess he was just too occupied.
"Cas!?" I lunged onto Cas and hugged him tight but pulled back when he went into a fit of coughing and groaning in pain.
Oh. My. Jack. I forgot about Lisa. Oh my gosh! I forgot to call Adam! I lifted my head up from Cas’ chest, careful not to be too rough. I placed a small kiss on his chin before setting my head back down on Cas’ cozy chest. I kissed his warm chest softly.
“That couldn’t have been put better, I’m going to head out and leave you all be. I’ll be back at lunch and Dean?” Meg turned her attention to Dean and he glanced up at her, he still had a bewildered look on his face.
“Oh, I have no clue. I mean, I love her, but it's not the same, it’s more of a best friend type love. I don’t even know why I started dating her in the first place. Seemed like a good idea at the moment,” Dean sighed, “now I don’t know how to let her down easy.”
When I walked in, I was taken by surprise. Cas wasn't awake and he didn't look any better than before, if anything he looked worse. I looked over at the nurse with a concerned face and her face quickly went from embarrassment to pity.
Cas looked at me, he was nothing but smiles and giggles. Sam cheered in the background as he ranted about Gabe and Adam being doubtful with the rest. Sam proceeded to call the Novak family along with Adam. He told them about how he always had hope and how he always knew how it was going to happen. Samandriel laughed, saying that he knew there was some serious tension and was glad he wasn’t crazy. Lucifer shouted gibberish and Uriel pouted along with Baltahzar. They all continued to freak out and more people began to interject. Gabe was very caught up on the fact that he now owed Sam forty dollars.
I could hear the noise of what sounded like air conditioning and the faint volume of a television. The person listening seemed to struggle with their breathing and whenever they seemed to move they would let out a grunt of pain, sometimes even a quiet yet high pitched yell. It seemed as if they didn’t want to draw much attention to themselves and didn’t want to bother the nurses and doctors. Once I heard them let out a muffled scream, I looked down and pushed the call for assistance button. I really hope the poor dude is alright.
Gadreel seemed exhausted but he was trying. Most of the siblings didn't like him much and looked down on him, but I could tell that he tried. Some others could tell too, they gave him a chance and learned he isn't all that bad. People just never allowed him to prove himself.
“For example, the government poisoning alcohol during the prohibition resulting in many losing their lives,” Dean added.
“You had just moved over here with your dad, you were young, wild, careless, and a free spirit. You weren’t afraid to be yourself and always went around speaking your mind. Back then, no one was brave enough to walk up to you but everyone wanted to be your friend. I wanted to be your friend. Before I could go over and introduce myself, you strided right on over, stuck your hand out, and-” Cas spoke, his eyes and mind going to the past.
I walked to my bed and realized that the curtains to the mystery man were open. I let curiosity consume the best of me and stole a quick glance. I gasped when I saw that sitting right next to my bed there was the man that I loved more than anyone in this world, Cas. His gaze flickered my way and his eyes widened before he closed them and shook his head. It was a few seconds before he opened them again and realized I was right there. Wait, does this mean Cas has a girlfriend???
"I'm gonna go home! See you guys tomorrow!" Cas ran off before Gabe and I got the chance to question him.
Oh my gosh, Bee and I can move in together. We can have our own home without having to pay for much and Sam, Adam, and Gabe can move in too! I smiled happily thinking about Cas and how much I missed him. Soon, that smile was whipped off my face when I realized I don’t know what’s happening with Cas or if he’s even alive for that matter.
I let out of breath I did not know I was holding in. Meg sighed, closing the door and sunk back into her chair. Sam rested his back down on his pillow again.
“Thank you. Baby is one of my most prized possessions. Anyone touches them and…” Dean’s eyes went dark as he thought about all the things he would do to someone that so much as scratched the car. He couldn’t even bear the thought of someone stealing her.
Walking through the doors, Dean Winchester spotted Castiel Novak, his enemy and worst nightmare. He groaned, watching Novak turn his head to look at him, their eyes meeting each other’s. Castiel smiled, winking at Dean Winchester before turning back around and holding his hand behind his back. Dean’s eyes trailed down to look at Castiel’s hands, rolling his eyes when he saw that he flipped him off. He walked passed the man, flicking him on the side of the head before making his way to class. He plopped in his chair and dropped his bag next to his seat, waiting for his professor to walk through the doors and announce the beginning of class. Dean always flew through this class because it was easy as pie, better than a piece of cake. He folded his arms over the table and rested his head, eventually growing tired and falling asleep.
“We have a curtain,” Dean sassed, getting up and covering us up with the curtain. He snickered, coming back and crawling next to me. I took this opportunity to move myself so that I was resting my head on his chest. His breath was softly brushing against my hair, sending warm currents throughout my body. I closed my eyes as I took in this pleasant feeling, never wanting it to end. He rested his head on mine and closed his eyes. I could feel my body starting to fall asleep but I fought the urge, not wanting to lose the battle. Dean didn’t make anything easier as he ran his hands through my hair, whispering soft and kind things into my ear.
“Dean! Where have you been! Boy! I’m talking to you! I come home today and I hear that you ain’t been staying with the Novak’s. At least your brother can listen to me! That kid is a good kid unlike you and I am sick and tired of your bull..”
After class was over, Dean got up and slung his leather jacket over his shoulder, picking up his bag with one hand. He walked out the door and then suddenly, someone pulled him off to the side. Dean was surprised to say the least but tried his best to maintain self control and not go straight into punch first, talk later. The second he saw the smallest big of red hair, Dean sighed. He wished Charlie would just talk to him and not frighten him, but he was starting to get used to it.
With that, they ran out of my room and downstairs. Gabe and I exchanged looks while heading down the stairs after the others. We sprinted into the kitchen, grabbed some breakfast, and ran outside.
They got to class and went to their seats, Dean didn’t pay much attention to this once, truth be told he didn’t pay any attention at all. Lunch was up next and all he could think about was how hungry he was. He turned his phone on, began recording,  rested his head on the wall, and fell asleep. Sleep always managed to make time go by faster and his dreams were always unique ones, consisting of monsters and weapons.
“Have a nice day, Sammy!” Dean yelled before driving away to go park his baby. Sam waved, racing up the stairs and through the doors. Dean adjusted the necklace Sam had given him when they were younger and their father was out on a trip, leaving Dean to care for themselves once again. It was a fond memory of Dean’s, it was Christmas time and Dean had tried his best to make it seem as if their father had stopped by and dropped some presents off for Sam but the younger one knew better and gave his older brother the present that he had originally intended for his father. They spent their day talking and eating some of the food that Dean had stolen, they spoke about their dreams and where they saw themselves in future years. Dean never took the necklace off and always kept it on him, he would murder anyone that tried to take it from him because of the emotional value it held.
“Sammy!” Dean screamed, throwing on his clothes as quickly as possible whilst his alarm blared Asia. He ran down the hall and to the kitchen, the toaster dinged, indicating that the toast was ready. Sam’s footsteps could be heard as he stumbled down the stairs, his backpack thrown over one shoulder and notebooks were under his other. Dean grabbed the scorching toast from the machine, tossing them from hand to hand as he raced over to the paper towels. He dropped them on separate pieces and tossed them in the freezer so that they could cool off while he made his lunch for the day. Asia was still audible from downstairs and despite the annoyance that it was causing, Sam sulked over to the fridge and pulled out the ingredients needed to make a sandwich. Dean finished in no time and raced back to his room, he turned off the alarm and grabbed his bag before returning to the kitchen and tossing his food in a paper bag. He grabbed one from Sam as well and tossed in some snacks and fruits while the giant had his back turned. Dean shoved Sam’s sandwich in a plastic bag before throwing it into his paper bag, sprinting to the fridge and pulling out their toast, it was still warm but it would have to do. He tossed Sam his toast and shoved his in his mouth. Dean then shook the few crumbs on the paper towels and tossed them into the paper bags.
Crowley looked around and his eyes went wide when they settled on me. He shifted around and he immediately shoved his hands in his pockets. I got up from the floor and handed my jacket to Cas so he could be warm.
“Don’t go about mixing yourself up with me,” I laughed before settling down again, my ribs hurting from the amount of air I was inhaling and exhaling.
Soon, Meg walked into the room. Oh. My. Cas. I looked at Cas and could immediately tell he hadn’t thought that through. We had both been so caught up thinking about stealing me from Lisa, that we forgot about stealing Cas from Meg.
I woke up in a room and I’m not quite sure where I am. I can see some turquoise looking curtains surrounding me, preventing me from observing too much. There was a heart monitor attached to me as well as an IV. I could see a chair or two by the side of my bed and a table yet again filled with things I can’t or don’t know how to recall the name of. Fluids I’ve never seen before were placed strategically on the tray. I looked at the light blue hospital walls and back at the familiar floor. Have I seen a room like this before? This is all too familiar. Fuck. Too bad I can’t see with these curtains.
When I found some sense of thought and feeling, I was aware of how much my body hurt and how scared I was. I slowly got off the ground pushing myself up. My hands, painfully cutting open with the sharp shards of glass on the floor. My body trembled with the effort and soon enough I was able to drag myself across the floor. I don’t know how long I’ve been out or where dad went but I don’t want to figure that out the hard way.
I ran back up the stairs and into Zach and Raph's room. I snuck in very quietly not wanting to wake them up. I set up glitter bombs and stuck some marbles under their mattress where they couldn't move. I laughed as I watched them squirm uncontrollably in bed. I ran back out and that's when I heard it, the high pitched scream.
“Yes? Oh- I mean, if that’s alright with you,” Dean said, I could hear sadness in his tone and I did not want to make him anything but happy.
Not long later, I heard the familiar and all too beautiful rumbling of Baby. I looked up to see Sammy in the driver's seat. I would have growled at him to get out had I not been in the situation I was in; instead I nodded my head at him and watched as he got out.
Cas tilted his head before responding, “I guess it would be like riding on a road you know best. The breeze brushing against you face, hair flying in the wind, sun kissing your skin, and a warm smile because you know exactly where it’s going to take you and yet you don’t know at the same time.”
“No! Bee! I’m sorry, Baby,” I gave him puppy eyes as I pleaded for his forgiveness, “I Just didn’t think that part through, took me by surprise. Of course, I will. Everyone deserves to know. I want the world to know I am yours. I want the world to know your mine.”
“I know,” I glanced down, “but not everyday can be a good day and sometimes we have to remember to cherish the littlest things in this world.”
Afterwards, I went upstairs to take a nap and watch some television. I popped on my bed and popped a sucker in my mouth. I smiled while scrolling through my phone and looking at pictures of Sammy instead.  My eyelids began to feel heavy and soon sleep consumed me.
This day was harder than most. I didn’t know when the sun was gonna rise back up or when it was going to set. I didn’t know when the night was going to come. I didn’t know when it was going to finish. I didn’t know when the day would come or when the night would shine. I wanted my sun to shine bright for me. I wanted my stars back. I wanted the clouds, and the rainbows, and I wanted rain. I want all of it. But, as it turns out, not all things are as simple as made seem. Though I did find out where my heart lies and where I want all my ends to meet, it’s not that simple. People get hurt easily.
“Yea, anyways, the girl is making things complicated and said she would only get with Charlie if we hit things off and if you said good things about me. Something about a good judge of character and stuff associated with what kind of friends you have. I don’t know. I just know that I’m not about to get in the way of Charlie’s love life because I either screw up or refuse to go on some date. What about you?”
"Elvis..." Dean said as he opened the door and smiled a toothy grin. I leaped back into the curtains and fell inside the bathtub. I sighed thinking about how clumsy I was while Dean laughed at me. Once he was done laughing, he helped me up and out of the curtain. I hid my face in embarrassment the entire time. He tossed me the towel and I changed into my clothes. He looked entertained while he threw off his clothes and hopped into the shower. Once I finished, I picked up my stuff and closed the door behind me leaving Dean to hum his tunes alone.
Next to it, there seemed to be a cot of sorts. I’m not quite sure what its  purpose is but it seemed very professional. Between the toilet and the cot there was an adjustable wall curtain- I’m not entirely sure what it’s called. The hard and bouncy fabric was blue and the pipes that kept it all together were white. It was folded up at the moment and reminded me of a  gymnastic mat.
“Well, we haven’t exactly been on the best terms for a while and I really wanted to fix that. I know I’ve been a jerk lately. I’m sorry about everything. I just want to fix things.” Castiel lowered his head, his nervous habits were suddenly beginning to make themselves present as Castiel waited for an answer.
“I’m not,” Dean looked at me shocked and with a look of fake betrayal. He wrapped his arms around me, embracing me in a warm and loving hug. I expected him to retreat his arms but they stayed there and before long I was out like a light. Although this light wasn’t fully gone and I was partly awake. I could hear Dean telling the others to be quiet because I was sleeping. I could hear them grumbling but not fighting back, knowing I need my sleep. I could hear and feel Dean shuffle around slightly before settling down and falling asleep. Once I heard the soft breaths coming out of his mouth, I allowed myself to fully go out. I didn’t mind this one bit. Perhaps, I could sleep with Dean like this more often. Perhaps, Dean would want to sleep like this more often. I just hope that soon we will be able to be in our own room, in our own home. I kissed Dean’s hand subconsciously before I had fully fallen asleep.
All three of us burst out laughing and Dean had to climb into his bed so he wouldn’t roll on top of me with all his laughter. Just then, Meg strolled in. I completely forgot about Meg and suddenly my eyes widened. I looked at Sam and Dean and they both seemed to have the same expression on their face. We had all completely forgotten about Meg.
The punches came hard and steady. From what I could tell, the first one hit me in the face and the rest just went on. I woke up to a small puddle of blood that was very slowly growing with the amount of blood trickling out of my mouth. I spat most of the blood in my mouth up and tried to get up. A sharp sensation knocked me back down and I heard a groan escape my lips as I hit the ground.
