I produced them from my bag.  We settled into a small truce, and played Gin Rummy as we were, upon the bed, quite oddly intimate.  We spoke little, but it was an easy silence, and I was grateful, given what had passed before.  I speculated as to what Holmes might have meant:
“Well then, my dear fellow, so I shall.”
I thought for a brief moment.  “You were alone.  Pike chanced his luck.”
doing here?”
“I see,” said Holmes.  “Mr. Dawkins, what is this 'tour' that you are thinking of?”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Oh, yes,” said he, “you must travel back on Friday with Tobias.”
I took hold of his elbow.  I steered him to his chair, and pushed him into it.
“You're dreaming,” Sherlock Holmes snapped – and I came to with a start to find him standing to the side of me.  “And whatever you are dreaming, I don't think I want to know.”
“Hardly perfect,” said he, as he rinsed out the cloth.  “I am battleworn now.  I have scars.  I have lines.”  He pointed.  “Grey hairs.”
“You are correct,” I said.  “Did Gregson tell you that?”
“My god.  I'm sleeping with a dollymop.”
“And just how long have you been standing there?” he asked.
He said nothing, but nodded, and we returned to our chairs.  Holmes touched the tie-pin, gently, as if to check it was still there.
“What is the time?”
“Well, thank you, Mycroft,” said my friend.  “And that is all?”
Rose Lane was quaint and picturesque.  Tiny, stone-built cottages, with chimneys puffing whorls of smoke, and scents of fresh bread baking from the open kitchen windows.  Number-three's gate was wide open.  I stepped inside and looked around.  A pretty place to live, albeit needing some attention: the grass was overgrown; the wood sills crumbling and flaking.
“There has to be a reason why you asked,” I said, persistent.
My friend chuckled.
“It's close enough.  Sit down.”
, the respected volume written and published in 1882 by Dr. Algernon Flyte, once more lay displaced from the bookshelf.
“I am all right,” he snapped.  “Just leave me be.  Do you have nothing to do?”
I closed my mouth, my feelings hurt.  “I was doing my best to help, Holmes.”
have is a pile of tat.”
(Cold hands warm up, eventually.)
“I assure you that I am,” I said.  I offered him the stick.  “You have a go.”
Yet later, after dinner, just the two of us, I remembered the filled boxes on the landing.
“Of course.”
I held the envelope, and looked at it.  I frowned and looked again.
“Oh, well, um, yes,” I said, “that's true.”
The impudence!  So why, then, was my stomach flipping coins; why had my fingers turned to gelatin?
“Well, quite.  I'm loath to toss around my heart as if it were on some elastic cord and easily retrievable.  I've not the time nor yet the patience.”
“Yes.  No.  Perhaps.  But no.”
“Oh, he's well.  He's had his breakfast, so the missus says.  He's missing you, I think.  He wants his dad.”
“Where is the
“That will be wonderful,” I told him.  We did not speak of the last evening, which made me wonder if my friend had read between the lines and realised, at last, that my ineptitude with close female attention was not attributed to diffidence.  Well, time would tell.  I had far greater things to occupy my mind.
“Two engraved gold pocket watches, one silver chain, a silver locket and a key fob, John,” he said.  “And that was just today.  Mr. Figgis informs me that these past weeks he has accepted three signet rings, a silver compass timepiece and a pair of diamond earrings from this fellow.  What does
I paused, a little dumbstruck.  “Do you want me to?”
“No.”  Through tight-clenched teeth.
“You are conniving,” said my friend.
And I withdrew.  I laid my head upon his shoulder, and we shuddered in a unison that startled us, I think.
“What ho, Watson,” the enigma said, “I have a case, it seems, thank goodness.  I was going mad.  But all is saved.  An errant spouse!”
“They are in Spanish.”
I was rapt by this unravelling.  “Who was the fellow, Holmes?”
“'Why, Mr. Holmes,' said she, 'however could you know about my vertebrae?'.
“I want him.  Oh, god help me, but
He was all motion; undulation.  His cries were low-pitched; wanton, needy, and his legs curled up around me, and I felt his heat, his hardness, his desire.
“Might I tempt you with cake?”
Our loving most often concludes in this way: with he on his back, or his elbows and knees, accepting me in, fully wanton.
We finished breakfast, and said farewell to the friends and family remaining, then took our bags and strapped them to the waiting carriage which would take us to the station.  We spoke little on the way there, and once ensconced in our compartment, we spoke a fair deal less than that.  Once we reached London, and the train had called a halt, we called to action.
.  She is affectionate, regrettably.  You followed us?” I added then, in disbelief.  “But, how?”
He gave a nervous giggle.  “So many have said quite as much, and yet still I survive,” he confessed.  “May my luck never run out.”  He patted my hand.  “I am very proud of you, you know, my dear fellow.  You are very deserving of your... thing.”
“Oh!” said Mr. Dawkins, “You surely mean a carving, or a tumblestone?”
“Yes, I like it,” he said, frowning.
I helped to replace the bundles in the safe.
“There's Uncle Rufus,” noted Mycroft.  “And now he's in for it, I think.”
We watched as she hobbled away down the hall, still singing her lullaby menu.
I still recall the spring of 1885 as being an extraordinary season.  Indeed, the year in its entirety shall remain within my memory as holding much of great exception.  Unbeknownst to me, and quite beside it proudly hosting the strange tale that I shall now attempt to relate, 1885 was a year of catalyst – when my dear friend, Sherlock Holmes, realised himself in what he might have called a “false position”: the great quandary of falling in love for the first time.
“All right.”  A pause.  “Last night was grand, John.”
“Well, he packed up and left, didn't he.  His place has been gutted empty, not a table nor a chair there now.  Didn't leave a forwarding address either, no.  Just scooted out of town, and no-one knows where.  His mutt's with the next door neighbour now, I'm told.  Silly fool got into a mess, that's all I can think.  Owed someone too much money, aye.  He always was a tad nutty in the putty.”
“Yes – and you said that about the teapot too, remember,” I reminded him.  “And we both know what became of
“I cannot help it,” I replied, lowering my voice.  “You are bewitching.”
I stepped into the room.  The fellow moved towards the fireplace.  “I lit a fire,” he said self-consciously, as if half seeking my approval.
“Ho', Watson!  What are
And standing by the barren hearth, a cigarette in his left hand, Holmes proceeded to do just that.  Victor started from his seat, pale-faced, at several revelations.  Gregson placed an arm around him, whispered to him, held him tight.  Of the money, Holmes as promised made no mention.
He looked at me askance, then.  “Whereas you would wish to do the same, but upstairs in our room,” said he, a sharp twinkle in his eye.
“Watson,” said he.  “Why were...?”
Holmes paused while scooping butter, knife aloft, frozen in motion.
.  That is true, to a point.  He is so mired within his gossip that he fails to see the wider world.  Still, it's useful for me, for as fool as he is, he is a fount of information on every scandal one could mention.  He assisted in my last case – that affair with Mrs. Bannering.”
“You did not tell him,” I said, in thought.
“Show me,” I demanded.
pounds, as a matter of fact.  Mrs. Hudson does make such excellent puddings.  Not that my weight is any of your business.”
“If these phials are spelling the danger, then I don't like it, John, not in the least,” he replied.  “Look at them.  Look once again.  And now think.  Think back.”
I held up my hand to halt the onslaught of words, for I was feeling much affected.  I was not well acquainted with the lady, but had found her, on our brief meeting, to be a kind and gentle character, and I knew she was beloved of her nephew, who was surely suffering the keen loss.
“Of course I spoke with him.  He was not at all pleased to see me, I assure you, although his dog was in near ecstasy.  I made it only as far as the hallway; he would not entertain having me further inside his dump.  So we stood there as a couple of skittles and said all that we had to.  He was much angered by Pike's deception, and he made it very clear that he would stop at nothing now.  He has nothing to lose, John, you see.  He has no stability, no position, no family bond, for his dishonour has shamed his poor mother who wants nothing more to do with him.  He will not listen to reason.  He threw some charming insults in my direction, and that was that.”
“Which room shall we use for ourselves?” I enquired.  “I suppose the one at the front.”
“Oh dear,” said Holmes.  He walked to the door, pulled it open, and gestured.  “It's been a pleasure to meet you.”
He chuckled heartily.  “You've breakfasted already?  Very well.  Come smoke a pipe with me, at least.  I've barely had the time for that, what with your clanging on the bell at this ungodly hour.”
Dissatisfied, at least, until the telegram.  It was from Mr. Sherlock Holmes, inviting me to 221B Baker Street, pertaining to the murder of the Hon. Cole Ramsey.
“Someone with whom I think I could foresee a future,” I said honestly.
“Yes, Mr.... Holmes.  But however did you know that?  Research?  What for, when it is not any of your business?  Where is Mrs. Burroughs, now?”
Holmes never spoke a truer word.
“Now, now,” said he, “I see you all in conflab, and I wonder what about.  It is viewing by appointment, sirs, viewing by appointment.  There is a fee, you know.”
“And aggravate the wound into bleeding again, very likely,” I said.  “No.”  I removed my scissors and my tweezers from the bag.  “Holmes, if you could just...?”
Holmes nodded, and was quiet for a moment.  “Mine are too,” he whispered then.  “But not pneumonia.”  He paused.  “I rarely speak of them.  I don't know that I'm comfortable in doing so.”  An anxious movement with his cup that almost caused his tea to spill proved a distraction long enough to change the subject, blot the sentiment.
His handsome face now puckered up as if in pain.
My friend exhaled a plume of pique, and paused to nibble on a fingernail.  “Is that important?  I suppose you'd think so, because you're nosey.  I'm surprised you didn't hear it, with your eagle ear.”
This made him giggle all the more.
My friend chuckled.  “My telegram from Cuba.  A reply from the Hernández tobacco company, who very willingly provided me with certain mail order details of that particular brand of cigarette to this country this past year.  I told you, John, that those cigarettes were rare.  Two deliveries only, these twelve months, and both to personal addresses.  The first was to an old fellow up in the far reaches of Scotland, so never mind about him.  The second was to an 'E. Bruce', at a post office box in Surrey three months ago.”
I craned my neck, for I was curious to see.
you here?”
He bristled; waved behind him to a table crammed with pipes and glass and bottles filled with acids.  “I am an
I loved him all the more for that.  I waited, and I did not press my want on him.  He closed the gap, and touched his mouth to mine.  It was the lightest of sensations, but the touch-paper was lit and my nerve endings were in flame.  We exchanged kisses, dry and delicate, and nose bumps; our hands were in each other's hair.  His tongue, then – questing! – searching for my own.  We danced a pirouette, and drew apart.  I watched him, as that brain of his began to whirr and analyse.  He closed his eyes and settled back, and sighed.
.  It is comfortable and quiet, and their menu is really very good.  Eight o'clock!” he said, and waved a finger in the air.
,” I said, stroking down his thigh, feeling the ripple of the hair and the goosebumping of the flesh.
“Oh!” I was delighted.  “Oh, Holmes, that will be marvellous.  Are you sure that you can manage?  Do you have everything you need?”
We made it to the dining room with five minutes still to spare.  Victor Burroughs was at table, albeit looking rather green.  He waved a hand in muted greeting.  As it dropped back to the cloth it made a lunge for a toast triangle.
“I can do precisely neither of those things,” said he.  “The skull is all that I have left to remind me of my poor father.  It is not the skull that is the problem.  It is the dooming messages in my dreams.  Well, I can see that I have wasted your valuable time.  I shall waste it no longer.  Good evening to you, Mr. Holmes.”
that, like all the others.  (
“One more day!” he wailed.  He stopped abruptly then, seeing my face.  “I mean to say, that's very good.  Thank you.”
I hurried out to fetch the decanter and a glass.  By the time I had returned it appeared my friend had briefly outlined certain details to our guests, for both were listening intently to the monologue.
“Do you suppose we'll have adventures, still?”
“How simply glorious,” he replied.  “'Bugalugs' must have taken a fancy to you.  Now, which asylum would you prefer I place you into?”
“Yes,” I replied, “it is, and you're hogging the fire, Holmes.”
', I swear to god...”
“Watson, you ate all the toast.”
“Oh no, that fizzled out,” said he.  “The scoundrel stole my wallet
I stretched and yawned and cast about for my watch.  It was a quarter past seven exactly.  I could hear no movement elsewhere in the house, and had to wonder if our host's head was just as woolly.  My mouth was dry; I licked my lips and swallowed air.
“Well, no.  But that may change?”
We spoke a little, more, about the strangeness of our day.  I confessed to a lingering disquiet at my experience with the skull, which my friend was quick to pooh-pooh.  Holmes had, of course, no patience with any 'thing' that was not flat-footed on the ground.  He did not believe in ghosts and he did not believe in magic, and he most certainly was sceptical upon the subject of crystal skulls.
I didn't care to read on further.  Consultant this, consultant that.  I made my way on down the corridor until I reached a door.  I tapped and entered.  There he was, my fellow seated at his desk.  At the last moment I observed that he was not alone: a tall and dark-dressed gentleman was standing to one side and thumbing briskly through a notebook.  Both men turned their heads to glance at me.
“He is a dangerous friend now.”
not.”  He tossed his head.  “I'd rather stay in here with you.”  He stopped abruptly, as if his tongue had bolted for the open stable door and left its groom behind.  “I mean to say,” he added swiftly, “what with the weather, and the cold, and all this nuisance with
with which to weigh it down?”  He smiled and touched my hand.  “You choose.  You have good taste, apparently.”
“My god,” said Holmes, “what's this?”
I heard Holmes sigh and scrabble at the bookshelf.  He heaved down a monstrous tome and commenced to flick through many pages.  He was momentarily distracted by
I chuckled softly.  “Do you two not get along?”
“John, wait,” said he, “our man has just disappeared inside that building.”
a hundred,” he corrected.  “Go on.”
He joined me, almost sulking, picked up a slice of toast and smeared across it with the faintest trace of butter.  I poured us each a cup of coffee, and we sat there by the window looking out into the morning hum.
“Don't joke about it,” he said warningly, “you know, or I just might.”  He sat down on the bed and looked at me.  “Will you be standing there all night?”
I grunted something incoherent, and he chuckled.  “It's only five o'clock, it's early yet.”
“Are you all right?” I asked, concerned.  “As we did not see you yesterday evening?”
“Please do so,” he said quietly.
My palms were clammy; my head was hot.
, but apparently
“This is escalating quickly, John,” said he.
“No!” said Holmes.  “No, no, no, no, no.”
The evening weather was glorious, still.  The three of us sauntered, inhaling the sweet scented stock by the sides of the lane.  But of the mysterious lady in black we did not see a sign.
He stirred, a little.
“Thank you,” I said.  I raised the cup to my lips.  The smell was astringent.  I took a small sip.  The taste was far worse.
do it, Watson,” said he with a flinch.  “I am not sure what to say.”
“He said nothing,” I snapped quickly.  “He was most affable.”  (Not quite, but still.)
He kissed me again.  His tongue probed.  He withdrew.  “Oranges.”  His nose crinkled.
“So what confuses you?” he asked, as we trod that now familiar street to the main road.
“It is just how he is,” I whispered.  “Do not fret yourself about it.  Holmes will reveal all when he is ready.”
“I believe that I shall miss them,” remarked Victor, as the front door closed much later, shutting out the dark blue night.  “I think that I shall write, or send a card to obtain their forwarding address, if they are really so intent in moving on.”
“You'll let all the flies of London in,” said he.
“Goodbye,” he said, with more than a degree of stern finality.
“Good afternoon,” said Mrs. Oaks, again.
“Thank you so much for clearing that up,” said my friend, with a smile.
Ten minutes later, I had written some instructions, left some powders and a tall carafe of water, and was back out in the hallway where Sherlock Holmes was standing, hovering.
” I said, in panic.  “It is unusable!”
friends.”
“My goodness,” I said, “that feels so much better already.”  I beamed up at Curtin, my man with the scissors.  “So what news are you able to share with us, Mr. Curtin?  Has your wife managed to find any relief from her symptoms of palsy?”
“Remind me not to listen to a word you say again,” said Holmes.
“But... Holmes...!  That is... but...!”
“I don't need platitudes,” said he.  “How many fellows have you been with?”
I saw the corners of his mouth twitch, and his hands begin to recommence their flutter from the safety of their pockets.  “Yes,” he said.  “I think I am.”
(Such are the conversations between two selfish bachelors.)
“Holmes!” I exclaimed.  “Holmes!”
“For heaven's sake.  You're pulchritudinous.”
“I have found something,” he said, his tone triumphant.  “Behind a sofa cushion, of all places.”
“They each reside in a far corner of London,” said he, huffing.  “Hence why it is now past three o'clock, blast it.  I have been racing around tracking each of them down.  An absolute waste of time, might I add.  Two of the fellows are abroad on separate business, their wives informed me.  The third is a wheelchair-bound octogenarian.  The fourth gentleman was run down by a carriage last week, and is in the infirmary with two broken legs.”
He shook his head, but smiling now.  “Another time, perhaps.”  He rose and tidied up his paperwork, returned the volumes to the shelf.  When all was clear, he nodded briefly and, without a further word, walked to his bedroom door and disappeared within.
“I say,” said he, “I'm sorry for the drips.”
My friend went the one way while I went the other.  The house was quite still, not a footstep nor creak could I hear as I made my traverse to the study.  The door was unlocked.  I stepped inside and circumnavigated the rust-brown blood stains to the desk.  I replaced the address book just as Holmes had asked.  With a feeling of accomplishment, I made ready to leave.
“Not just the once, I hope,” said he.  “Oh god, John, please...”
He waged a battle with himself for just a minute.  “Then I accept,” he said at last.  “Thank you,” he added.  It appeared that there was more that he might say, indeed, his mouth opened and closed, but further words did not spring forth.
“They are not mine,” I said, confused.
“This phial is also labelled, but with the initial 'L',” said he.
...  Watson, release me, I beg of you.  I shall not attempt it again.”
“Until the morning,” I replied.
Adams found me by the egg dish.  “Morning, Watson,” he said cheerfully.  “How goes it, on your end?”
“Oh!” I said then.  “Oh, my.  Holmes!  Do you remember...?”
“How many hives?” I asked him.
He shook his head.
“That is right.  It was a month ago.  But how did you come to hear of that?”
He eyed me warily.  “All right.”  He transferred clothes – the few he had – to the spare hangers.  I turned away towards the window while he changed his shirt and collar.
“It is beautiful now,” I said, wonder-struck.
“Bring them over here,” I said.  Somehow I managed to play mother, and I poured the tea for both of us.  We set the cups aside.  “I've disappointed you,” I said.
I chuckled.  “As I said, we are very lucky.  Let us hope she is as good a cook as Mrs. Hudson swears she is.”
As Dawkins himself was 'unusual' enough, I informed my friend that the notion had not registered particularly.  “It is just a piece of jewellery,” I said – and yawned.  It had been a long and tiring morning, with a large and sating lunch.  I felt in need of a nap.
Stamford shrugged.  “His eyes are everywhere.  He doesn't talk, but lord, the man will look.”
it with these people and their blackmail?  They are always so exceptionally tiresome.”
We walked up the path and turned the key in the lock.
, did you put it on that way?”
I looked down sadly at my breakfast, half uneaten.  I might have argued, but I did not.  Within two minutes we were both upon the stair and heading out, our hats clamped down upon our heads to protect us from the damping mist.
And he just smiled and shook his head, and squinting at me – for the sun was bright upon his face – rose from the bench and beckoned to me that perhaps we should move on.
“Yes,” I said, flatly.  It was the first lie I'd told him.  The first, not the last.
“Perhaps a little,” I admitted.  “It was silly of me.  I am sure you didn't mean to--”
“Just look at you,” I whispered.  “You were made to take me in.”
“It won't,” I said, my heart racing to fury in my chest.  “Oh, Holmes, it absolutely won't.”
Stamford bared his teeth uncomfortably.  “Ah, Watson, what a mess, eh?  Did it do you any good?”
We wended inside at a later point, with breakfast being served for early risers, and we found ourselves the first.  Fried mushrooms, eggs on toast, I took my heaping plate to sit beside my friend.  “Will you not eat?” I said.
Holmes nipped my earlobe with his free hand.  “Come on, John.”
“Yes.  Near Pall Mall.  Something of a coincidence, don't you think, eh?  I wonder if it is the same fellow.  Well, there is only one way to find out.”  Holmes glanced at his watch.  “It is a little late now.  Where do the hours fly away to?  Mr. Dawkins shall be our first port of call tomorrow morning.  In the meantime, I think that I shall research the wealthier private stone and gem collectors in the city.  I hope there are not too many.”  He sighed and rubbed his temples.
“Holmes,” I said, “look.”
We were quiet for some moments.  Oaks came to clear the dishes, and we listened to him clatter in the kitchen and around the house, finishing his chore-work.  Looking from the window at the front, my eyebrows rose to meet my hairline, for there again, as like some pale insistent ghost, was Mr. Parrow, by the hedge.  I started sideways for the door, my temper rising at the impudence.  Holmes by this point had observed, and was closely at my heels – although confound it, he was smiling at my spluttered stamping folly.
“You'll what?”  I lurched towards him, but he vanished through the door.  I heard the bathroom door swing to, then the sound of running water.  The little man forgotten – temporarily – I tracked my friend down to the threshold.  He had soaked a bathroom flannel and was now briskly wiping down.  He raised his head and winked.  “Don't dare.”
“I know.”  We pulled apart.  “You're having second thoughts?”
All of these years I have learned patience, but it has cost me half my sanity.
A pause.  A stasis 'twixt the shudder.  “Yes.”
He regarded me, and shook his head.  “Why don't you take a
,” I continued, averting my discomfort, “the great British public – and perhaps those beyond our fair isle – shall know a great deal about you.  Whatever medium is popular at that time, even beyond the theatre –  imagine! – will perhaps take you for their inspiration.”
“We have to make it stop,” said Holmes, his face creased up in anguish.  “Is there something you can put in her tea, Watson?  Do you have any sedatives?”
“Well, so how much do you know?” said Chico Bruce.  “If you found out both our name and our address, then it must be almost everything.  My real mother – Augusta – was unmarried when she had me.  I was adopted straightaway, I'm told, to a loving ma and pa who were unable to have any children of their own, and who already knew Augusta very slightly.  I grew up in Cuba, which is far away from here.  Our family knew precious little Spanish, as strange as that might seem.  My old pa knew enough to manage.  He died when I was seven.  I had to try my best to earn my keep.  I took a job, yes, even then, it was tough labour for a boy.  And I never learned to read nor write.  My ma took care of that for me.  She'd read me fairytales and all the like, and write my letters too.  She tried to teach me, but I never got the hang of how she told me.  I never went to school, you see.  But that doesn't mean I'm ignorant.”
“Yes, that is so,” said Holmes, and boldly.  “That didn't take you very long.”
That didn't help my bumptious stalk, which now jerked upright once again.
“Tomorrow?  I have no plans as yet.  Will you be requiring my assistance?”
“How on earth should I know, Holmes, for goodness sake?  This is a hun--
He flinched just a little.
“I borrowed it.  There is a difference.  I shall return it later this afternoon.  Or tomorrow.  Lestrade could not
I looked at my friend to see his eyes were burning brightly.
Two cigarette stubs and a burnt edge of paper.
(I took any small opportunity to scrutinise him, I confess.)
“Holmes, you told me earlier that the village would know nothing.”  – I paused to mop my forehead, as the sun shone down, relentless.  –   “Why did you say that, and how do you know?”
I found myself drawn to the jewellery display, an octagonal case to one side of the counter.  Holmes tutted and sighed (for he loathed most forms of shopping), and left me alone to my browse.  I was only five minutes, but his face was a pinched irritation by the time I rejoined him back out on the street.
I heaped my plate with toast and scrambled eggs, and poured a cup of steaming coffee which I sipped as Holmes sat down to join me, keen and spruce and affable.
I ordered the roast beef.
“Er, yes, I'm sure, most probably.  Good evening, then.”  We trotted both of us away up to my quarters, where the pup commenced to snuffle and to gambol, happy to be home at last, I think.  I took a change of clothes, and a small supper made of cold cuts, buttered bread, and boiled potatoes, all the while my thoughts returning to the friend I'd made today.  A flash of guilt.  I swiftly quelled it.  Quite ridiculous.
I stood behind him, placed my hands upon his shoulders, felt the fragile jut of collarbone beneath the woven cotton of his shirt.  “I'm going to make you come,” I whispered in his ear.  He dropped his head and moaned.
“I will tell you, then,” I said, “just who he was, and what he meant to me.”  I paused.  “If you would wish me to?”
“One moment, please,” said Dawkins.  “I cannot do all things at once, and someone has to watch the shop.  Stone, I trust you, sir, here is the key.  Please do be careful.”
“Oh!  Yes.  The snuff helps me to think, you know.  To remember.  And I need to remember.  Although I would far rather prefer not.  I have been having terrible dreams, Mr. Holmes.”
say.”
,” he spluttered out.  “And what of Mrs. Hudson?”
I bit my lip.  Should I be truthful, or evasive?  “I'm here for Holmes,” I said, deciding on the former.
“Langdale Pike,” my friend intoned, “what a fine morning to be seeing you.”
“John,” said he, “I have no words.”
He waved my concern to one side and strode across to the mantel, and from there to his chair.
“Holmes,” I said, “that was most impolite.”
“I want the lad to move in with me, in the city, but I'm cautious, because you know how tongues can wag,” said the Inspector.  He lit a cigarette and drew the window a few inches further down.  “He is still living in that squalid place, and I know mine is scarcely better, but some nights when he's away from me I miss him something terrible.”
“Destroying the evidence,” my friend repeated, a glum expression on his face.
He smiled a little, his eyes a slit.  “Oh now, I see that Mr. Holmes failed to reveal to you the details of our meeting of a month ago.  How discreet he is.  A gentleman.  There should be more of his ilk around.”
“You,” I said.  “You and animals.  You are very good with them, you know.”
We moved across, and sat.  Here Holmes seemed greatly ill at ease.  “You must be wondering what this is all about,” he said.  “Do you recall, a while ago, you declared you were unshockable?”
“I should not be thinking of plates in the first place,” said Holmes.  “It was your idea for a springtime picnic, not mine.”
I heard him sigh.
I would have replied to the last, except at that moment Sherlock Holmes erupted from the office and grasped me firmly by the shoulder.
What, then, within this room to throw my light upon?  The old sideboard, with the used breakfast tray upon it.  The table, laid in white, and strewn with newspapers and crumbs.  The sofa, chairs, and writing desks, the latter bare; all bare, the papers, pens and books, all packed away.  In the middle of the room: several large boxes, tied and bound.
His hand clamps to stop me.  Shy, his cheeks pink as he blinks up at me.
“Pay them no mind,” my friend said pleasantly.  “Now, it is true I have no knowledge of the tarot, as you say.  If my name was not discussed, then I wish you might expound upon your theory.  Otherwise it's wild conjecture, as I'm sure you would agree.”
“I knew it,” he said, smiling.  “From your bearing, and your jacket cuffs.  They're frayed,” he added, helpfully.  “As are the laces on your boots.”
My army days had better luck, but we had best not speak of that.
“There is nothing to keep us in Surrey,” replied Chico.  “I have some gardening work in the village next but yonder, but it won't last for very long.  We could move around a bit or we might go back to Cuba, mightn't we, ma?”
He nodded.  “Yes.”  He pushed me gently on my back and sat astride me.  I looked up at him; his beauty held my breath.  I told him so.  He flushed and turned his head away.
would.
“It is too early in the afternoon for an arm-wrestle, Watson,” said he.
“Absolutely not!” I said.  I dropped the book and turned to stare at him.  “Do you do that very often?”
“Well, you were not here,” I said.  “And you should know my appetite by now.”
“Tell me of Mycroft,” I said at last, between the main course and dessert.  “Why do you two not get along?”
look– oh, just be quiet...”
“Thank you very much,” I said, offended.
I was halfway down the path before I realised the figure had withdrawn.  I wrenched the gate and stepped onto the path.  Mr. Parrow was retreating somewhat hastily; I all but ran and caught him by the upper arm, twisting him around with no small force to meet a pair of green eyes fixed on me and blinking in alarm.
“Come in,” said Holmes.  “Sit down for just one moment, Mrs. Oaks.”
These theories subdued me.  “I do not believe that Mrs. Barker could be capable of such a vicious crime,” I said, rubbing my chin.  “She seems such a gentle soul.  And, why, anyone can see that she has become a nervous wreck.  I suspect Dawkins.  He is the one with the skull, after all.”  I paused to think.  “But I can't think why the lady would cover for her cousin, when she speaks of him so dismissively.  Oh!  Holmes!  Do you think it is blackmail?”
Mrs. Barker renewed her weeping.  “No sir.”
“Because where others merely see,” said Holmes, “I, of course,
“Yes,” said Sherlock Holmes, all of a sudden, minutes later.
“And how is Lestrade?”
Holmes tutted.  “I don't know.  It just seemed like a good id--”
I slipped a knife under the flap, withdrew the sheet, and read the words.  My eyes grew wider.  “Goodness me,” I said aloud.  I took a quick look at my watch: it was mid-afternoon.  I snatched my hat and coat, picked up my bag, and left the office; took a cab north-west which dropped me off at Crawford Street.  I knocked upon the door of number 23, and gazed up at the gleaming new brass plate.
“You want me,” he said quietly.
“I did not mind it,” he said then.
“Do you, John, really?”
The gentleman stood back, thereby allowing me to pass.  I squinted up at him, my eyes adjusting slowly to the gloom within the hallway.  He was tall – at least six feet – and in his mid-20s, I should say, and primly dressed, last and not least – I had to note – strikingly handsome.  He fixed me with a cool grey stare.  “Dr. John Watson,” he said slowly.
The flight seemed endless. It was physically very hard for a human, especially a child, to endure it, let alone emotionally. Sherlock felt ill and lost consciousness at least twice more. When he was conscious, he tried his best to disconnect himself from his hurting, yet numb with cold, body, attempting to memorise things he could see from above: forests, rivers, villages, fields… Would it help him in any way to have this fragmentary knowledge of the huge area between his home and the place, whatever it was, at the end of this unwanted journey? It was better than nothing.
His own pained noises seemed to have awakened him. His entire left side felt battered. He heard others discussing how to get him to the lake. Instead of letting them go on with their ideas, he got up again, which felt nearly impossible at first. Every movement he made worsened the pain in his broken wing, even though he did his best not to move the wing itself. He ended up throwing his good wing over Henry’s back for support and they were walking together, the mute swan patient and careful enough to move without haste or much rocking. It seemed a bit odd that Henry had come to help so close to the barrier, as he was just as terrified of the hounds as Sherlock was, as if them being potentially close enough to catch his scent was already a harbinger of certain death. Sherlock could feel the mute swan's body tensing up every time the frustrated hounds made louder, more sudden noises. Sherlock himself was probably too shocked to react in the same way.
John actually liked the idea. Mike knew him well enough to propose something that he knew would work. The portly man himself refused to go with him, because he was bad at hunting, as he was quick to remind, and had some unfinished business. Both Bill and Lestrade, however, were happy to accompany their Prince the very next day.
A couple of weeks after he’d started spending his whole time as a human in the chapel with his books and the violin, he was approached by Jeanne-Victoire, who was a rather pious person and one of a very few whooper swans in the flock. She offered him help with cleaning the place, in return for the opportunity to pray in the chapel on a regular basis. Throughout the years, he had heard her murmuring prayers at the lake a few times. Some others, who still believed in the same higher powers, despite being deprived of everything they had known and cherished, did it as well, but, to his relief, they didn’t ask Sherlock to let them into the chapel, too. He doubted he wouldn’t have lashed out soon enough if someone else intruded his place. Jeanne-Victoire alone was more than enough for his meagre patience.
Until the sonogram.
‘I need to go’. John had no time to find Mary to excuse himself either, which was why he had no idea that she was no longer in this hall.
‘I appreciate you not causing it harm’, was all he could answer. The stranger rubbed his face with his palms slightly.
‘You may see me changing. But you have to promise me something’.
I also absolutely recommend to you see these Dying Swan performances:
‘John!’ he exclaimed. The blond man was immediately concerned. Sherlock must have looked terrible.
‘I couldn’t agree more’, Sherlock shrugged and then got up with a bit of effort. ‘Don’t come closer’, he warned.
‘So do I’, Sherlock whispered. He sounded pained and, suddenly, looked smaller than he was, paler than he usually was, meeker. John couldn’t help it, he turned the taller man to face him and embraced him with both arms, sharing his warmth, care and sympathy. There was a small sob from the younger man, and the Prince tightened his arms round him. And then his lips were on the pale neck above the white, lace collar, sticking out from under the collar of the black, snug-fitting velvet jacket. The spikey, but soft, lace brushed against the corner of his mouth and his cheek. He couldn’t stop himself from leaning up and kissing the full, soft lips. Sherlock inhaled sharply through his nose and went limp in his arms, letting him do whatever he wanted to do. It was passionate and heartfelt, and very intimate. But, apparently, as soon as the realisation struck, he started squirming in John’s arms, breaking the kiss abruptly. The Prince’s heart fell, as he, too, realised, what he had just done. Sherlock quickly pushed himself away from him, rather than pushed John away from himself. His eyes were full of panic. Appalled, he tried to say something, but nothing came out. He gave up on trying, turned brusquely and headed to the exit, his gait fast and determined. It took John a few seconds to react before he followed.
Once he heard some rustling noise somewhere behind the barrier, he jumped and his heart stuttered with uneasiness. He knew this place and he knew where exactly the barrier was, so he could tell that he was inside the ‘swan zone’, where hounds couldn’t get him. He double-checked it to be sure. But, even being in a safe territory, if he saw a hound anywhere nearby, he’d fly away. He really didn’t want to encounter any of those beasts, especially now that he was about to become weak and disoriented by the transformation for a short while. He went back to searching for his perfect sample of moss, or two, but remained on his guard. More noise from not far away made him look for the source again. He was suddenly aware that those weren’t the sounds that hounds produced. Once he concentrated on listening, he quickly realised that only a bipedal creature could make them. Intrigued, but slightly scared, too, he risked moving closer to the ‘fence’, aware that he was close to leaving the safe area. He looked around to make sure nothing was about to attack him. And then, unexpectedly, there was a human, moving quietly from behind the trees. The man was holding a crossbow in his hands. Sherlock was about to curl up, hoping that he wouldn’t be seen in the dark, but it was too late, as the stranger was looking straight at him, at first with confusion and then in awe.
‘No, it’s fine, as long as it stays where it is’, Sherlock replied. His eyes took notice of every single move the man made. It seemed the stranger was slightly struggling with a limp, and Sherlock couldn’t explain the feeling of déjà vu that washed over him at that and other little things he noticed about the hunter. He had already deduced that the man had strong moral principles, and it made him relax a bit more.
Yes, it was best to get it over with. Once another song ended, he gestured for the musicians to stop playing before he approached the Queen’s throne. She looked excited, trying and failing to keep her face straight. He’d attracted a lot of attention by now, and he did, in fact, manage to look composed.
The truth was, he hadn’t had long after being sent to Eastern Europe. He’d seen no point in postponing the inevitable, so he’d planned to commit suicide and to be dead before the plane landed (
There were some real swans, wild geese and other birds settling down at the lake now and then, but they mostly stayed away, as if feeling that they were living next to entirely different, suspicious creatures, no matter how similarly they looked. The real birds were free and could fly anywhere they wanted, leave the forest, migrate, not affected by the barrier. From time to time, Sherlock attacked them, chasing them away, if they settled down too close to his liking. He didn’t want any additional noise from them and their annoying offspring, nor did he want any possible deceases or parasites they might carry that could affect him or other human-swans, which would lead to him being affected anyway. And, maybe, he also had some misplaced anger at the birds that he was cursed to look similar to. Unlike the other humans turned into swans, being a black swan, he had the advantage of making louder noises. He was more vocal than mute or whooper swans. In combination with his angry wing-slapping, like he had seen in other birds when they fought, it was enough to make the unwanted guests move, sooner or later, and recreate their nests elsewhere, if they’d even had time to start building any. He knew that the wings of a swan were a good weapon that could deliver painful and powerful blows. And those birds he had driven away felt safer on the other side of the lake anyway, away from the strange flock. The lake was large enough to feed and house all of them.
place and nobody was welcome. He wondered if it was just him being his usual anti-social self or there was actually something in him from a swan, making him so territorial. He concluded that it was just him, desiring to have his own space, as always. He didn’t share. Unless… Unless what? It was as if there could have been a person (or
As anyone would expect, Sherlock was hiding under the roots, in his own time-tested hiding place that kept him dry. He could see the shivering cygnet from there and it just didn’t sit well with him. He ended up calling the boy, who hesitantly left his useless ‘shelter’ and clumsily, due to the wind, started moving towards the crowned swan, whom he could barely see from the outside, but certainly knew where he was. When the cygnet was at the roots and could peek inside the shelter, he looked at the adult swan questioningly. Without saying anything, Sherlock raised his wing in invitation for Archie to get underneath it and hide there. He wasn’t too young and small of a swanling, but there was enough room under an adult swan’s wing to shelter him. The cygnet shook some water off of himself before getting into the hideout and, just as wordlessly, made himself comfortable at Sherlock’s side before the older swan lowered the wing, hiding the boy snuggly underneath, so he was practically wrapped up by Sherlock’s body from all sides. The older swan felt the cygnet squirming slightly and curling up before relaxing into the warmth, his shivering abated soon enough, as he was getting dry and warm. Sherlock himself needed some time to get used to the contact before relaxing as well. The silent comfort worked both ways. It was good, for once, to have a kindred spirit so close and to let the sounds of rain lull him into slumber. Soon enough, they were both asleep.
‘Hello…’ he murmured, hesitantly and looked at Sherlock for guidance.
He loved his girl. Just one glance at that sonogram before passing it to Sherlock had told the detective all he needed to know, not that he’d had any doubts before. In fact, the knowledge was the reason Sherlock had been so determined to convince John to come back to his wife, instead of letting his own jealousy and selfishness rule him. John deserved better.
Time was running fast, as Sherlock tried his best to enjoy his and John’s friendship, at least as much as he was capable of enjoying anything at all at this point. John still knew something was very different and very wrong. Sometimes it was clear he wanted to try asking again, but refrained, knowing that, just as before, Sherlock wouldn’t answer. Perhaps, it was also due to the way the younger man always tensed if he deduced that the Prince wanted to start a serious conversation. Thankfully, it was discouraging enough for John to postpone the talk over and over again.
Sherlock was nervous. He’d barely rested the entire day, wondering if John was going to visit again. Unthinkable… They’d known each other for mere hours, even though Sherlock felt like he’d known him for years, without having any memories of it, and it had nothing to do with his deductions, at least conscious ones. But seeing John was something he really wanted to experience again.
I'm excited about the fact that I no longer have any doubts where the whole thing is going and that I don't have to choose between two ideas. I absolutely enjoy writing this story and I'd hate to lose the potential it has, in my opinion (yes, I know it's not a modest thing to say at all ;) ). Just one ending no longer seems enough to me. You can very well blame the ballet!
“You're right, it is,” I said.  I closed the door.  I waited; tense, unsure.
“I cannot yet say,” replied Holmes.  “Although several pertinent facts do stand out.”
I nodded.  “Yes.  I told you, it was quite casual.”
He smiled up at me and winked.  “I love your optimism, John.”
“Come back here,” I said.
Which, might I point out, was not a particularly auspicious opening for a benevolent conversation.  Rather repetitive, in fact.”
He shook his head violently, looking somewhat appalled.
“Yes.  The more so, as they are not particularly intimate, having quarrelled in the past.  Dawkins immediately realised the potential of what he was holding, and believed it might be better used and more profitable in the long term as a mystical 'prop'.  So – one or both of them is lying.  Talmadge died intestate.  Mrs. Barker holds no claim to anything.  Which is why it is odd that she did not attempt to make a profit from what she took.  Let us go and revisit the lady now, and see what she has to say.  These are murky waters, Watson.”
“Please talk to me,” I said.  “A problem shared is a problem halved – is that not so?”
“John, do you remember PC Spencer?”
He sat back in his chair and fixed me with a strange regard.  I wondered what he might be thinking, if it was not about the toast.  Holmes sipped his coffee and refused the ham and eggs.  After an interval, he rose up to light his pipe.  He stood there at the mantel, sucking in that noxious residue and appearing in a quandary.
, Mr. Holmes.”  The fellow fluttered his small hands.  “Hence my intrusion, please forgive me, but I did not wish to bother you.”
I blinked at Holmes.  “I have been... well,” I said.  I huffed a laugh, and shook my head.  “That is a lie.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Eva Worthington was Mycroft's lady friend, I was informed.  She was a bonny thing, and barely five feet tall, with raven hair in ringlets, and a blue dress trimmed with lace and crystal jewels.  We exchanged pleasantries, and watched as Aunt Rufina spied her husband from the corner of one eye, so thus to scurry off, her high-pitched trill berating him at volume.
“I love you too,” said he.  “It will be torture, but we'll have to manage, won't we?”
“What is it?” I asked.  “We are close to Pall Mall.  The shop is in the next street.”
“There is a drainpipe,” said my friend.  He leaned out further.  “It seems secure and has not been wrenched apart from its fixing.”
“So, now explain the rest of it,” I said.  “Or face my wrath.”
“Open it and see.”
Victor stared down at the terrier.  He nodded, then brightened.
“I feel we should be honest with each other,” I said slowly, “if we are to live together in close quarters such as this.  I also feel that I can trust you, as Stamford spoke so highly of you, and I should hope you might afford me the same confidence in time.”  I hesitated, for Holmes's brows had knit, and his mouth had downturned into a strange grimace that alarmed me.  “Perhaps I say too much,” I added softly, in embarrassment.
“Oh, three or four, at least, I'd say,” said my young friend.  “But Mycroft can afford them.  He was promoted, did you know?”
“He seems a solid fellow,” I replied.  “Is
“Yes,” said Holmes.  “I think so.  I will test out my theory later.”
Victor's face was troubled.  He skittered close behind us as we headed for the front gate and the lane.
Holmes nodded curtly.  “Yes, I think so.  Thank you,” he added.  “I hope to receive a reply to one or more of my telegrams.  There are other things besides.  It is too late to do anything now.”
I felt his lips upon my forehead.  The softest kiss, and the slightest touch upon my cheek.
“But John,
My friend rolled his eyes.
“Holmes, the egg hunt,” I said nervously.  “Are we still doing it, or...?”
“Mycroft,” (Holmes was stern.)  “Confess!”
I watched him as he walked away towards the Pinchin Road.  I took a table in the window of the Tabernacle Tea-Rooms, and made my order for a large pot of Earl Grey and a roast beef sandwich that I could not taste at all.
“I bought lubricant,” he whispered.
I winced.  “I'm sorry.”
That diabolical fellow, what's-his-name... Eldritch!”
“So where will you be making enquiries, Holmes?”
“It's the plates,” I replied.  “In the knapsack.”
“For Mrs. Hudson, at any rate,” I replied, “when we tramp it in upon her hearth rug.”
We had had too much to drink, perhaps.  Our faces both were flushed, our eyes were bright and over-keen; our tongues were loose.  I looked at Holmes.  He cocked an eyebrow, leaning forward.  “
“Of course,” said my friend.  “That is what I do.”
We found ourselves back in the hall.  Holmes took my elbow and steered me safely to the sitting-room.
“I have hollow legs,” I said.  “Just watch.  I'll be going back for seconds.”
,” said he, in half-complaint.  He wriggled down to take me in.  He whined and wriggled still some more, 'til by degrees I found him hooked and fully seated.  “
The fellow swivelled on his stool and cast a squinted glance around him at his cabinets.
The old woman stepped forward.  She gripped onto her bag as a means of defence; a kid-leather shield to deflect all of our scrutiny.
“Mr. Oaks,” said Holmes, “if you would like – and I am sure Dr. Watson will agree with me – it might serve you well for longer here.  If you are amenable, that is.  Dresses and bonnets not required.”
“Well, what the hell about it?  You only went to take a look at that old milquetoast.  Did Holmes upset you?  That's what he's like.”  He looked the sharper at me then.  “What did he say to you?”
“Ha ha!”  The lady laughed.  Her boot heels clicked in some delight upon the carriage floor.  “I don't know if I'd call him
,” he said snappily.
“Might you read it aloud?”
“Well, I feel anything but,” said he, with the teapot in mid-air and pouring a cupful.  “I pray to heaven we don't have a client while I'm in this state.”
“I should hope that Mr. Holmes has some clear notion.”
in those damned telegrams?  Sherlock, you've no idea...”
“You should be so lucky to find out,” I said.  I watched him flush and fumble, drop his cards, and clear his throat; and I considered that the greatest win of all.
“Holmes,” I said.
you were an invert?  Birds of a feather, my dear comrade.  If I had really cared to damage you, I might have done so before now.  That
He looked at me.  “My brain's still
have are good snowboots.”
I thought hard for a moment.
“So am I,” said he.  “My handwriting is
The fortnight passed slowly.  Holmes commented no more upon the subject, although I noticed at odd intervals that he would glance towards my desk, and from my desk across to me, whereupon his face would alter to an expression inexplicable.  In all other ways he quite behaved himself, indeed was fairly quieter than usual.  Believe me, as a fellow who has lived with this pale lunatic for more years than he has sense, these peaceful interludes are bliss.
At that juncture, Mrs. Hudson arrived with a telegram.
We laughed then, and the sound was sweet and calming.
“I think I will,” said he.
Holmes, by this point, was as fluid as an annelid – though far more handsome of a specimen – and he bucked and curled beneath me, panting, making me see stars...
I thought of all the times that we had walked here, passed this very spot in companionable silence or happy, disputatious talk.  I remembered all our favoured routes, the stalls that we might stop by and the vendors we might greet.  These all were precious memories to me; I hoped that Holmes might think so too, if he should think of them at all.
Inside, a wooden box, dull and unpolished, a tight brass catch upon the lid.  Under the lid, a bed of ruffled velvet; and on that, a small glass phial.
“Most likely he heard our own enquiry at the counter, and was passing comment to his friends.  Or it was a coincidence.”
I left him to his work and returned inside the house, rubbing my hands against the chill.  The library and its maelstrom kept me busy for a while.  Within two hours it was bearing some resemblance to its name, the books shelved neatly in good order, and our writing desks prepared.  Satisfied, I checked my pocket-watch: four-thirty.  It was nearly time for Mrs. Oaks to pay us her visit for the evening.  Of course, that set me back to thinking of the morning – which I had successfully forgotten to this point.  I wished I might forget it more.  I lit the lamps, and stepped outside to the back yard, the air a nip, the sky a woven web of murk.  I poked my head around the door of the outbuilding.
I dare say that if you, the reader, found yourself with Holmes's backside at your disposal, you might not stop either; and I am a man who finds temptation somewhat difficult.
“You are thinking of accepting Talmadge's case after all?” I asked in surprise.
He did so, gasping, desperate.  He waited, then.  We might have been a photograph, quite frozen, space and time, but for the heaving of his stomach, and the rising and the falling of my chest.  I tipped the oil onto my fingers, and advanced.  I kissed his mouth, I kissed his throat, I nipped his shoulders, and he moaned.  I scraped his chest with avid teeth, I stroked and probed and placed my fingers where he wanted them.  He shivered, base and absolute.  “
“John can do that,” said Holmes.  “Thank you, Victor.”
“The same to you,” said he.  He wandered off.  I noticed Cooper scowling at us from afar, and puzzled as to why he was so sour of a sudden.  Avoiding his trajectory, I wound my way to Holmes, who'd eaten little but was on his third or fourth cup of hot coffee.  He beckoned me to sit.
We slept, a little; a few hours at least.  And then, when we awoke, we did it all over again.  In the small hours of the morning we were tucked into each other, sometimes asleep and often not, just breathing, waiting for the dawn for some strange reason, where we could proclaim at last, now,
we should,” my fine friend said.  “Good gracious, Watson, what is a dinner without a tart or pie or
“Oh!”  My curiosity was tickled.  “And who might that be?”
“Watson, don't be nosey.”
“I remember this,” he said, struck by nostalgia, his hand emerging from the tumble with a wooden child's sword.
“You don't at all.”  He yawned again.  “Do you even
A knock at the door.
Holmes bounded out of his chair and hovered over my shoulder.  His displeasure was clear.  “For some woman.”
“Please explain it to me, Holmes.”
five hundred and three buttons nicely.  You rip at my few like a maniac.”
for you, John, that's all you need to know.  We'll work out all the rest of it.”
Victor Burroughs took three steps into the room.  He held out his hand to Holmes, who grasped it firmly, held his shoulder, murmured his sincere condolences.  I did the same, and inadequately I am sure, but our friend seemed grateful and most moved.
“Are things still going well with... you know?”
Holmes and I so rarely spoke of the lives we had lived before we met.  Of his own family, I knew nothing, and so presumed them as non-existent as he had mine.  The loss of roots, of permanence; a gnaw within me, biting still.
The dog looked at us both.  It seemed almost to grin; its tongue lolled from the side of its mouth as it panted.
“That's right,” said the fellow.  “That's just what you said.  We had saved up some money, so we sailed here on luck and on hope, Mr. Holmes.  Ma was able to remember some small details of Augusta, and it took a little time but in the end I tracked her down.  Then, of course, I was too skeered and awkward to say anything about it.”
“Go home, John,” he said, “I insist now.  I must go and see Spencer, and I must go there alone.”
“I think I might, Holmes, if you wouldn't mind.”  I climbed the stairs, and there they were, unmoved from early morning.  I sat cross-legged at the first one, and set to leafing through the documents.  Old policies and statements, pinned invoices, remittance sheets.  “This is all dull,” I said.  “I can't see anything of import.”  And then I stopped.  And Holmes beside me stilled in accord.  I plucked a bundle from the middle of the box.
It is as my friend says.  I am a savage, and a man who finds temptation somewhat difficult.
“My name is Sherlock Holmes,” my friend said, smiling, “and this man here is Dr. John Watson, who has already spent half his wallet here this morning and now returns for a second bout.”  To appreciative laughter, Holmes continued: “You all seem very taken with this emporium.  Might I ask what holds you here?”
When I returned a little later, the sitting-room was peaceful.  The curtains had been drawn, the fire was blazing, and the table set for tea.  My friend was leafing through the yellowback novel I had left upon my chair arm.
“Holmes...!”
“Ah, Doctor,” said he, “well, you shouldn't have said that.  Victor heard the pair of you in the Blue Room, going at it like the clappers, or so he told me confidentially, bless his heart.  Keep the noise down, can you, eh, tonight, so that folks can get some sleep?  Ha ha!”
Mr. Oaks looked up.  “I need the money desperate,” said he.  “That's why I'm still dressed up and talking like a fool.  I guessed I'd carry on until I found a job elsewhere to suit my trade or otherwise.  I didn't mean no harm, sirs.  I really meant no harm at all.  And I don't know how you found me out, but I hope you aren't so angry.”
what this is all about?”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“May I come in?” he enquired again.
“Are all your old toys in these boxes?” I enquired, quite fascinated.
“No, no,” I said, “I meant, you have removed all the hair from every inch of both legs?”
Mr. Sloan – bearded, dressed in brown, with an umbrella in his hand – took three long strides into the room.
Holmes crossed the sitting-room, all flailing arms and shedding waistcoats as he shucked down to his shirt sleeves.  “Phew!” said he.  “Oh, phew!  That is much better.”  He sat beside me on the sill and lit a cigarette.
I kissed him; smoothed his hair back.  “I think you will.”
choose to utter more than six words on, was how he came to know of you and your
“I'll have the same,” said Sherlock Holmes.  He thrust our menus at the waiter and, with elbows on the table, focused all his concentration on the cutlery in front of him.
“But--”
to understand that your behaviour is abhorrent, and I only want your word that you'll not bother him again.”
He cuffs me lightly.  “You wretch.”  His tone is fond.  “So were you.”
, but I have no doubt that I could find them.  You should see some of the bottles!  Liqueurs I never heard the name of, and in simply frightful colours.  Pinks and blues and greens.  They must have been hidden there for years.  Would you care to...?”
We stripped the bed of all its coverings, to leave just one thin base sheet and the pillows.
He flinched.  His mouth became a moue.  He affected his attention onto the coffee pot.  He poured one cup quite pointedly.  He tried to hide the sugar bowl.
“I'd understand a little better, if it were Easter,” I said slowly.
“That's what I mean,” said Sherlock Holmes, “you've no decorum.”  But he winked at me, and so my feelings were not hurt at all.
was the name.  Well, sir, you mustn't crouch down like a beetle.  Sit up on this chair I have set for you.  That's better.  John, if you might fetch the brandy, please.  Thank you.”
“Are you quite all right now, sir?” asked Holmes.  “Is there anything else we can do?”
“What are they?”
– who could tell where he'd end up, apart from somewhere at the bottom, soaking wet, and likely dead?”
“All right.”  I looked at Holmes, then back to Gregson.  “If I'm not back in time for lunch...?”
Oaks shrugged.  “Selling Macassar oils, most likely.  Ha!  Mrs. Donald from the inn told me his name.”  Oaks scratched his head.  “A Mr. Parrow, yes, that's right.  That's all I know.  Now, let me scrub these new potatoes and we'll get 'em on the boil, what do you say.”
according to your mindset, there is a fine morality of sorts.  The deserving always fall.  Those on the side of the greater good should not need to rue their...
“You are already mine,” I said, and took his mouth, and so we carried on, until the mantel clock took an affront and told us sternly between chimes that we should part and go to bed.
“You had better,” he said.  “Lay back down, John.”
“You can help by not asking absurd questions.”
“To hell with that.”
“You won't find any liquorice there,” I informed him.
On Saturday I dressed absurdly early for the concert, then sat twiddling my thumbs, all of a fidget, until the clock said I might leave.  My heart was spinning as I made my way as quickly as I could to Covent Garden, where the buzz of eager patrons bound for the theatre and the halls rang as sweet music to my ears.  The Wagner hall was popular; the lobby was a maelstrom, and my eyes searched frantically, my mind now spinning doubt and fret.  But there he was: by a tall pot plant that he still dwarfed by comparison, and smoking a thin cigarette, and seeming most at ease (unlike my anxious self).
“Holmes?”
“Thank you, Watson, for your advice, as sound as usual.  I shall bear it in mind.”
appetite today, for some strange reason.”  He looked at me.  “I love you, John.”
“The truth.  If it is as I suspect, I shall be savage.”
“I most certainly am
.”  He brushed my cheek.  “So you're the first.  That other fellow was just practice.”  And he smiled, and kissed me softly.
He looked at me.  “I can never tell when you are poking fun,” he said in a complaining tone.
“What do you have to say then, Holmes?”
We both were quiet for a moment.  All the strangeness of the day seemed to converge and pool around us, and I had so many thoughts inside my head I hardly knew where to begin with them.  Holmes's mentioning of Gregson made me cautious now, however, and so I kept my lips shut tight and did not venture any folly.
“What will you do about the servants?” I asked.  “How much longer will you stay here?”
“Mr. Holmes,” said she, “I know that it was you, for the dear doctor here would not dream of sullying my bowls in such a fashion.”
The fellow laughed – it sounded bitter – and he shook his head.
“All right.”
We took turns in assaulting the swinging moustache with a keenness that increased with each deft blow.  If Mrs. Hudson had chanced to check on us, she would have run for the police, such was our grim determination to destroy, to desecrate the paper beast.
“Yes,” I said.  “Here we are.  But what do we do now?”
“Do go on,” my friend said, tight-lipped.
I made a mental note to take revenge for that remark.
I nodded, trying my utmost to appear somewhat cognisant.  “Mrs. Barker has a poor memory?” I suggested.
“By all means, go ahead,” said our friend.  “You have the freedom of the house.”
“Damn you,” said he, the red now rising in his cheeks, “I said that way back when.”
“The clever fellow, he had thought through his plan very well in advance.  As a friend of Eugene Dawkins, he had heard some idle conversation all pertaining to the skull, of how it had entered the possession of the master of Dawkins' cousin, Matilda Barker.  As an enthusiast of crystal and of jasper in particular, Stone realised immediately the worth and history of the object – for its previous owner, Talmadge's father, had written of his treasure in a great many collectors' articles in the years before his death.  Jacob Stone began to plot.  But if he should steal it from Talmadge, the son, how could he get away with it?  Talmadge would involve the police, and there would be no way to sell it, nor to make any useful gain by its possession.
to scan the headline columns.  I was looking around our sitting-room and thinking that perhaps a fresh lick of paint might do it good, even a new rug upon the floor to replace the threadbare old, when I heard a sharp intake of breath and a soft curse of exclamation.
“Yes, Holmes,” I said, as the door of Scotland Yard clicked shut behind us, “you must be careful.”  I looked to left and right.  “Please don't tell me that we are going to that filthy fellow's home?”
(Oh, very well – I puffed my chest as a proud peacock on display.)
“Nothing of import,” said my friend.
sent the telegram,” I said, half in a huff.
“Eagle
.  It was the most seductive act I'd ever seen, or heard, or dreamed of.
I do, it's not like this.”
“What's this?” I asked.  “A secret room?”
“John, I love you,” he said clearly.  “I never thought I'd say those words, but here they are, and they're surprising me as much as they must you.”
His expression became panicked.  “
“Damn it,” he said.
The piñata jiggled stoically.
“Perhaps.  The way you look at me...”
“Oh, I don't know.”  He stood.  I heard him shuck away his jacket and his waistcoat, and his shoes upon the rug.  The bed creaked as he joined me, and we lay there, closely intimate, while listening to the rain.  After an interval, I felt his fingers tracing a light trail along my collarbone, with his breath upon my neck.  Those fingers dallied at my shirt-front, and slipped inside. I gasped aloud.  “Your hands are
“I would rather have my cigarette,” said he, with eyebrows raised.  He lit one standing by the fireplace, and exhaled plumes into the air.
“I see,” said Holmes.
“No,” said Mrs. Oaks.  She scrubbed at her eyes, raw and red from the chill.  “You are both very kind.  It won't happen again.”  She got to her feet.  It seemed she was debating if she might chivvy us away.  “Ham and eggs,” said she with meaning.  Then, removing an ill-fitting mitten she wiped her nose upon the wool.  “Or eggs and ham.  You has a choice.  HAH!”
“I am eating toast,” declared poor Victor.  “It is about all that I can manage.”  He waved his hand again, in the direction of the dishes: toast and sausages, and eggs and lean back bacon.  “But do please help yourselves.  It all looks very good.”
“No, we should not.”
Mrs. Hudson waved me in and led me through.  “It is so
“Perhaps.”
Disgruntled, we were cast back onto the street.  Holmes looked up at the windows and the drainpipe that stretched downward from the gutter to the ground.
“The Gypsy May reads tarot cards,” said Mr. Sloan – who had not noticed our sudden snap to fast attention – “and she read a spread for me, at my request.  Good gracious me, those cards!  If you had seen them, Mr. Holmes.  They pointed fair and square at you, there's no denying, although not mentioning you by name, of course.  I don't know if you're aware of how the tarot works?  Oh, well.  The Emperor, The Tower, Death, and others, they all popped their heads up.  It's you, Mr. Holmes, and your life is at risk, I just know it.”
“Your dog, as well,” he said.  “Mrs. Hudson is so fond of him already.”
“It is quite all right, Holmes,” I told him.  My heart fluttered and ricocheted, cavorted and fainted.
“No,” I agreed.  “You hoard things here.  And that is why this room's a mess.”  He looked so stately, fine and graceful, standing there in just his shirt-sleeves, hands perched neatly on his hips, his legs apart and primed for battle.  I had loved him for a long time; ever patient, ever silent, ever hoping. And yet my hope dwindled a little more each day, as dust or sand might renegotiate its place within the heart.  “Where should we start?”
He eased himself away and off the bed.  Affecting a demureness that served to make me thrice as hard, he shucked off his braces, and so slowly – as if time itself had ceased – removed his shirt.  He stopped to look at me again.
, not the damned cake.  Stop gazing at it.”
, it doesn't matter?  It matters very mu--”
“Yes, it was.  Do you really think me so unobservant that I should not have noticed on first inspection?  The criminal was aware that perhaps their trail lacked credibility, and so sought to compound it.”
,” he exclaimed, “now here
“Spoil books for people?”
I spent an hour there; we talked of other things, and played a game of cards.  With promises to meet again some time, I left and returned home.  I wondered, would we do so? – or if this was a catalyst; the axis which would find us fading from each other's lives.
“What curl?” I pleaded.  “And
“What did you dream?”
I found myself annoyed with Holmes – a familiar occurrence – and I raked a hand across my head in agitation.  The tufts each made a break for freedom from the furrows of the comb.  They landed every which way and at right angles to my crown.
“February,” my friend said suddenly – between a sally of loud grunts – “is quite intolerable.”
“No, yes, no, no, and no,” replied poor Mrs. Hudson, sorely tried.  The door clicked smartly in her wake.  We were alone again together.  I half wished that we were not.
Our friend cast a pair of anxious eyes to me, then to the window, to the outside and the lawn and back again.
through the crack.
,” I replied.  We set to chuckling again.  “I wouldn't care a jot if I never set eyes on him again – and yet I must do so tomorrow.  Pray for me, Stamford.”
“Thank you, no, I am all right,” said he.  “I just had a dizzy spell, and –
He circled the small study, taking close note of the desk and drawers, the pictures on the walls, the bowing bookshelves.  At length, he left the room and off into – I assumed – the main bedroom.  Five minutes had elapsed before he returned.
“You will always have that, Holmes,” I said.
“Would you object if I make contact with you later, at some point?  About the case,” he added swiftly.
“And now they are all on the floor,” I said dryly, observing the maelstrom as it searched for more data.  “What are you looking for, exactly?”
Holmes stood.
I laughed; demurred.  “You'd slap my face.”
“You're incorrect,” said Holmes.  “At least, as regards the latter.  Note the position of the body.  And see, the drawer of that small bureau quite close to Ramsey has been pulled open.”
“I know I will,” said he.
There was a luncheon, quite delicious, with light wines and paler spritzers.  There were people, in their hundreds, and the stage set out before us.  I eyed the speaker's podium, the table with awards, the pomp and glory.
And now, my hands upon him, easing the stitches from his flesh.  His breath was rapid now.  I was surprised he had not voiced a loud complaint about the sting.
Shy, almost, he drew out his prick, with some small effort, for it was quite as hard as mine.
Inside: another wooden box – the third – with the same velvet, and a blood-filled, labelled phial.
“A little bird,” my friend replied.  “Might you tell us the reason why?”
“Holmes, are we... have I... have I ruined everything?”
Billy, fully grown, no longer dropping all his aitches, no longer sniffing on his sleeve, or cracking our best crockery.
“Chico,” Holmes exclaimed.  “So
“Any movement?”
“What?  The...?  Why, yes, I believe so.”  Burroughs scratched at his head, a sharp, nervous movement.  “But what have you found?  What was it you wrote in your notebook?  Mr. Holmes!”  His voice rose at the last.
Holmes sighed.  “He cared a little more for you than you for him.  Which really begs the question, are you nervous of commitment?”
“These country folk are singularly unobservant,” said Sherlock Holmes.  He looked to Victor.  “Are you all right, my boy?”
“I had a wonderful dream last night.  Oh!  And a telegram arrived from Victor.  You will never guess.  It is over there, I put it on the breakfast table.”
And then – this time, at last – a sign of life.  The light went out.  The house was dark completely now, and answer came there none.
“Why, it's Mr. Holmes!” exclaimed the police constable.  “I might have guessed that you would show up.  Inspector Lestrade is in the study, I believe.  On the second floor.  Is he expecting you?”
“Nonsense,” Holmes replied, wiping his lips upon his napkin.  “There is still a greater mystery here, and Victor, with your permission I should like to pursue it to its end.”
The wine was light and fresh and flavourful.  I drank it rather quickly, felt it buzz inside my head and exchange greetings with the bother that had taken up prior residence.
“No-one who would be silly enough to send me a silly card, anyway,” he continued, tucking his legs up and under him, and clasping his ankles.  “Unless Mrs. Hudson finally goes completely doolally.”
“Ever since our trip to France, do you remember?”
“I'll thank you kindly not to tell me what to do.”
There he was, the scoundrel, curled up in the bow window and looking out as if he didn't have a care in the whole world.  He spun his head upon our entry and sprang up straight.  His small eyes blinked, his large mouth flapped for a few seconds in surprise.
“It is too warm for gloves now,” he exclaimed.  “Remind me the next time before I go out.  They are an absolute nuisance to store in one's pocket.”
,” he exclaimed.  “What a great fool I am.”
I copied Stone's manoeuvre, and closed my eyes as he had done.  What I thought, I could not say.  What I felt, perhaps: in my left palm, the faintest tingle, growing stronger.  I opened my eyes, removed my hands.
I laughed.  “I wish you luck with that,” I said.  “He seems the toughest nut; I doubt that you will crack him.”
“Will you hold me?” he asked quietly.
“Watson!” he said.  “Watson!”  He beckoned wildly.  “Come into the sitting-room!”
“Why do you not like Gregson?” I asked, if only to break the formidable silence.
“E.L.” I said, considering.  “An elevated liver?”
He smiled, and stroked my wrist.  “I can still feel you, John.  Inside.”
the memory, expostulations, feeling wretched.  I knew whatever else might happen, that there'd be no means of functioning as usual today.  I washed and dressed, and hastened down to find Miss Marsh, if she was in.  Her desk was empty, so I penned a scribbled note that I was unavailable for practice, and if she might please ask Dr. Anstruther next door if he could deal with all my patients for the day.  I drank a cup of tea.  I left the surgery, and headed off to 221B Baker Street.
After breakfast, I spent three hours and wrote close to a thousand words.  I decided that might be enough.  I had included some life history, a large amount of modesty, and hearty thanks to the voting public, my patient and loyal publisher, and
I shook my head.  “But we saw her just this morning!  She was alive!  I just don't understand.”
“I have made myself aerodynamic,” said he.
How about a small series of retirement stories, within this small universe that I've already set?
I wanted terribly to kiss him then.  I wondered if he'd mind, and I imagined that he would.
“All right.”  Resigned.  I shrugged myself into my coat.  “Holmes, once I have... cleared things up... we'll meet again, and...?”
“I'm sorry,” he blurted.  “I can't remember whatever it was that I said, but I'm sorry.”
“It's quite all right.” I left and closed the door, returning to my room.  For a long spell there was stone silence, then a raised muttering, and finally, two voices at high decibel.  Who was coming off the worse for it, I could not tell, but then: “
“Well, well,” said Mycroft Holmes, “this is a very pretty mess.”
I leapt to turn the key, a grand frustration in the scheme of things.  I joined Holmes on the bed again.
“At least Baker Street has thicker walls.  John, do you remember the Lake District?”
I am atop the sheets.  I roll over, as close as I can to him.  He turns his chin up, accepts a soft kiss.  A kiss that will deepen and render us breathless.  I know for certain that I shall never tire of this: his kiss, his skin, his touch, his love.
“You little weasel, Pike,” I said.  “So is this blackmail, then?  A threat?”
, John, for heaven's sake.  Come, now, finish your pipe, for we ought to unpack our night bags and advise Mrs. Hudson.”
My head ached fiercely.
“I like it well,” I said.  “It seems most comfortable.  Thank you for the invitation, once again.”
“If you like.”
I looked around.  “You're going to crack the safe?”
The club appeared to be deserted.  We exchanged a few words with the genial attendant at Reception, and then passed through into the corridor beyond.  Holmes was silent, which spelled misfortune for the fellow in the furthermost room.
“Perhaps I shall,” he murmured.  “But then again, perhaps, I won't.”
Supple fingers pulled my shirt, undid my braces and my trousers, all the rest of it; then two grey eyes upon me, fair agog.  “
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Poison,” I said, my mind whirling.  “Holmes, she must have been poisoned!”
“May I call you John?” he asked, tapping his fingers on the table in a fidget.  “That is, if you don't mind?”
He recoiled.  “No!  You do it.”
And at eight sharp, we sat to dinner, and we spoke yet more of everything and nothing.  Mrs. Hudson was so kind to make a lentil stew; I coaxed my friend to take a bowl.  He did so, at my chafing, and he liked it well enough.  Our talk was merry, with the wine, and I neglected all the voices in my head that asked me
“You might have tossed it out,” I said.  Holmes made a noise of mild anxiety.  He kicked a box.  He eased himself out of his jacket, hung it neatly on the door peg, whence he turned around to look at me.  “Watson,” he said slowly, “I
He said nothing, but reached down for my book.  He held it out as an offering.
The gentleman nodded.  “Yes sir, that I am.  I am the owner of this establishment.”
“What is it?”
, on embossed letterhead.  I shall buy her a quarter of pink sugar pigs.  I shall attach a 'please' and a 'thank you' to every sentence.”  He shuddered.  “What
“I don't quite understand,” I said.  “It was
“Last night you wanted me,” he snapped.  He swept a hand across his face and through his hair.  His features softened.  “And I wanted you,” he said.
“Mr. Joel was once Miss Josephine,” said Holmes.
I moved across.  I jutted up against him, teasing, promising, but immotile.  “You will have to do better than that.  You will beg.”
“It is a letter from Langdale Pike,” said Holmes.  “In green ink, yet again.  Or rather, this time it's a warning.”
“Yes,” I said.  I did not move.  I felt his hand upon my shoulder, and his thumb caress the hot skin of my throat, which bobbed and swallowed with desire.
I carried the book to my chair and sat down, and so started to read.  At some point, between a paragraph upon the mechanics of crystal carving and how such techniques may have changed through the ages, I fell asleep.
I heard him tut.
I stepped in front of him.  “I'm glad you came,” I said, all butterflies and silliness.
“So we set to thinking, and I decided that I'd help the best I could.  I didn't reckon that you'd like a man about the place for cooking or for cleaning, so I dressed up in Martha's clothes, and found a bonnet that hid my face quite well enough, and well, my voice was never so deep that it might be a struggle to raise it higher.
“Anyway,” I continued, by now warming to my theme, “you are a fine one to be talking of peculiar.  You, with your tobacco stuffed in the toe of an old slipper!  And you, who has made a pretty mess already of the mantelpiece, stabbing at your letters with a jack-knife!  And you, who--”
Holmes waved a hand to brush the awkward question far away from him.  “I didn't hear a smash,” he said.  “I was in the middle of a
I was quiet then.  The penny dropped, as the saying goes.  We climbed into a cab and rattled on upon our way.
“I don't suppose that you do,” I replied.  I picked up the paper and pretended to read.  From behind my spread broadsheet I heard tiny puffs, as of nostrils exhaling in pique.  I stifled a chuckle.  “Is it your intention to carry on like this all evening?”
“I see them, Holmes!  I see them!”
“This is mine now, John,” he said, smiling.  “I need to rest my eyelids.”
“Holmes,” I said.  “I absolutely cannot grow my hair.  I must go to the barber, or I shall go mad.  So what can we do?”
I laid back again.  I beckoned him.  “I am an eager pupil.”
“I have absolutely no idea,” said Holmes.  “Come on, John, let's go home.”
It was to my surprise, therefore, that I returned home one autumn evening to find him curled up in his chair, fairly obscured and resembling no more than a tan and grey cloth-covered hump.  A thin wraith of smoke curled out from a low point on his person.  A slender hand poked forth above it and wiggled out a merry greeting.
“Please, Mr. Holmes, do read this letter.  It is of the same handwriting as the others, but I do not understand what it can be about.  It was pushed through the letterbox last evening.”
How extremely difficult to keep one's mind upon the task.
“Adams,” I said, “I'm glad you're here.  I must admit, I feel a little lost.”
“Watson, you are an absolute nuisance,” said he.  “You do not allow me a shred of my privacy.”
“That's much better,” said my friend.  I saw him visibly relax.
We shook hands firmly, and he flitted off.  I took the other path and hailed a hansom, and so travelled back to Scotland Yard to finish up my day.  I thought of Holmes all of the way: the arch savant; the vain aesthete.  I hoped and prayed that he would contact me as promised, for I realised in my eagerness I'd not procured his own address – and how to do so, now, without suspicion?
“And so are you.”
“Phantoms tend not to leave bootmark impressions,” said Holmes.
I looked, and looked again, and did my best.
Holmes paused to light his pipe.
“Yes, the skull.  It is a life-sized carved red jasper.  My dear father passed away some months ago, and left it to me in his will.  He was eighty years old, Mr. Holmes.  That is a ripe age, is it not?  He had developed a sneeze, which turned into a cough, and before anyone knew it, he had-- well, now, you are surely not interested in hearing about that.  The fact is, I came into possession of the skull, and I believe it is doing its absolute best to tell me something.”
“Holmes,” I said, “I have been desperate.”  I dared not step into the room more than a fraction, so I hovered at the threshold, watching anxious for a sign.
“You must give me the curl,” he declared.
“Then we shall not place a foot in your way,” said my friend.  “Our best wishes for your future, Mr. Bruce.”
A minor trifle that involved a trip to Surrey kept Holmes busy for the following two days.  It was successful, by his own account, although his knuckles had been barked and his suit jacket had been torn.  The latter went to Mrs. Hudson for repair, whereas the former came to me at my insistence, and I assumed my doctor's hat.  Holmes sat before me patiently while I fussed with salve and bandages, and scolded him for recklessness.
Holmes shifted slightly.  “Everything?”
“What should I explain?  Can you not apply my methods, John?”
We both stared at the initial that was hand-printed on the label: 'O'.
I rolled my eyes as both men puffed their chests as peacocks on display.
“How long have
Holmes came to help me move the boxes, and we loaded them upon a hansom carriage.  We sat inside, the two of us, each contemplating just how far we'd come in such a little time.
The lady looked at me severely.  “I would far rather that you were my errant husband,” she replied.  “He missed the train.  Otherwise, we would be three.”  She sighed, and ruffled in her bag again.  “I have mislaid my lozenges as well.  I'm very cross.”
Gregson chuckled.  “You would make a terrible liar, Dr. Watson,” said he.  “I checked those drawers the very first thing this morning.  They contained no address book then.”  He moved closer towards me.  “Did you remove the book yesterday?  Take it away from the premises?”
I strode across to light all of our lamps.
“Ha!” said Holmes.  “Just as I thought.”  He held it out for me to see.  “The letter 'V'.”
“Are you actually going to sleep?”
“I haven't yet.”
“Thank you for telling me,” I said, as I could sense that he would not say any more upon the subject, or at least not for the while.
“Good morning, Holmes.  Did you sleep well?”
“I say there, I do apologise,” said he, “I was hardly paying any mind, and then there you were, and – oh!  Why, it is Dr. Watson.  Good morning to you.  How are you keeping?”
“I know.”
“We have a mutual acquaintance,” I replied.  “I've met Mycroft several times.  He seems quite amiable.”
“I shall look forward.”
“Are you feeling unwell, Holmes?”
I started, shocked, in some blind panic that I had said something aloud he might have heard.
A big thank you to everyone who has read, commented, and/or thrown kudos at this story.  It's my first “retirement” fic, so I was a little apprehensive, but perhaps without cause.  You've all been so lovely.  In which direction should I head next?  That's where YOU come in.  Which era of Holmes & Watson do you enjoy the most, and want to read more of?
“What were you
“Eh?  What's that mean?”
“The brandy's talking,” he said quietly.
“It is you who is the savage, and not I, I now discover,” said my friend.
“It will catch up with you,” I smiled.  “One day, sooner or later.”
“A day of coincidence,” I agreed.  “Two visitors who apparently both commune with that strange gypsy, and seek your advice on the same day.  Is there more to it, do you think?”
“But Holmes, last night...”
“My god, I love you,” I said, kissing him again.
“Yes,” I said, and prayed he would not probe me any further.  And then, because I could not resist, despite all that he had said before, with its scorn and all its mockery:  “Have you?”
Two young and handsome fellows crossed the path in front of us.  They were, perhaps, sixteen, and lithe and merry in their shirt-sleeves marked with grass-stains from a dew-soaked rough and tumble.  I wondered if Holmes had resembled one or the other when he was that age.  I wished I might have known him then: the small seed yet to become the mighty oak.
I frowned and looked across at Holmes, who was flipping through his notebook choosing to pay us little mind.
“That book is dreadful,” he said suddenly.  “Do you want to know the ending?”
“Watson, where are you?  Watson!”
This pleased my friend, for he emitted a small chirrup of delight.
“That is good,” I replied.  “Would you care for some company?”
going to be solved if I am in the hospital with a concussion.  I
“Indeed?”  I sipped my drink.  “And what's his name?”
“Perhaps we should talk about this,” I said, very aware of the state we were in.
“Holmes, I am sorry – I fell asleep,” I blurted out.  “What time is it?  When did you return?”
“Well, shall we?”  And he swung his hand towards the door.  I nodded, mute.  We stepped together to the landing, down the stairs and to the street.  He linked his arm with mine.  We walked at a slow pace, and I was happy, brimming over, and I wondered if he felt the same as I, right now, this instant.
A sudden flash of memory, unbidden, pale and fractured.  I blinked.
,” he said.
“A letter may follow,” said Holmes, quite unruffled.  “I suppose we must wait.”
And I bowed, and turned away, and headed on back up the stairs to fresh insanity; the oddest smile upon my face.
.  It is all a question of meeting the right chap, wouldn't you say?”
“Whatever it is that you are doing, I must urge you to be careful, Mr. Holmes,” said the Inspector.
Holmes sighed and linked my arm once more.  He drew me back towards our cottage, and we were quiet as we huffed through the white ruffle at our feet, and quieter still as we stepped in and shook our coats and stamped our boots.
“I regret that he might not,” I replied.  “It appears there is nothing suitable at present.”
unusual.  Imported from Cuba and rarely seen in this country.”
It was a banquet, yes, most certainly.  Ten courses, that began with soup, at some point roast asparagus, later still a fragrant bouillabaisse, so ending with a fruit sorbet.  Holmes ate quite lightly, I observed; I did the same, for nerves in part, and a dislike of overeating in the main before... exertion.  Surreptitiously, I slid my hand beneath the tablecloth, to place it on my friend's right thigh.  I let it rest there, as a promise of my own.  He flushed and fidgeted, and stumbled over words, to my amusement.  The evening was convivial; our group had had a fine weekend by all accounts.  Mycroft voiced the hope that it was not the last that we should spend together.
I wanted him so badly I could feel it in my viscera.
“That would be lovely,” I agreed.  “Thank you so much.”
didn't send the blood straight to my rod, I had no small idea
I followed at a pace.  Mycroft was standing on the gravel near the entrance, overseeing the departure of the Coopers.  He smiled quietly on seeing us.
“As sure as I
Holmes's brows were drawn in thought.  “And did you find Talmadge's key?”
Holmes pressed a finger to his lips.  “You have applied my methods well.”
My friend sighed.
“Hogwash,” said he.
It seemed that we spent many of our mornings in just this fashion, and the taller the mail pile then the richer the game.  Holmes's moods would fluctuate from one missive to the next, and his reactions unpredictable.  I thought perhaps it might be wise to retrieve the Newton invoice.  Mahogany and hinges, and all of those things that must do good the damage, may well be expensive, but I had scant desire for my own face or for that of my friend's to land into sharp contact with Newton's right-hook.
you?  What on earth?”
going to wear some clothes, I hope,” I said, as I pulled open a drawer to remove a handful of shirts.
“One last drink?” said he, “or are you turning in?”
“Your nose is cold,” I said.
Stamford and Martineau exchanged a furtive glance.
Langdale Pike whisked the top from the engraved silver dish.  A fresh baked cake sat iced and timorous within.
At extreme close quarters with our landlady, I took two steps back from the surprise.  Her hand was raised, outstretched to make her rap upon the door; it froze there now as if debating what to do.
We faced each other, stood our ground.
“Put it in me,” he said, growling.
,” said Holmes.  “It's utterly horrid.”
“Of a moustache,” I finished, dully.
We started off again.
“I haven't been with anyone in years,” he said.  “I never felt the need.”
“Really?  I would have thought that--”
The draw I felt to him was heady and magnetic; somewhat alarming, if the truth be told.  I prickled with the urge to set my sail.  “You are too comely to be unattached,” I told him.
read Meredith, and Poe.  I can't
“THIS CURL,” he boomed.  His eyes narrowed.  “It just appeared,” he explained.  “When you ruffled your hair.”
“I think I will,” I said.  I told him of my day; of that infuriating man.
“Who is it from?” Holmes enquired.
I leapt for the hall, unlocked and drew open, to find –
“Incomplete data,” said he.
“Oh, same as usual.  Interrogatory.  Annoying.”  Holmes combed his hair.  “Age does not mellow him.”  He looked at me.  “Well, shall we?  Are you ready?”
was Aunt Rufina,” replied Mycroft.  “She is quite mad.  She's lost her husband
“And he has done so,” replied Adams.  “That's not the issue any longer.  In the midst of that, he told me something of himself, and
Holmes reached out across the table, took my hand and squeezed it briefly.
“Yes!  Think back, Watson!  Something that Dawkins said.”  Holmes reached for his coat and hat once more.  “I must go out.  I don't know how long I shall be.”
I was disturbed all the same, but said nothing.  A rude awakening, I thought, after the night that we had spent: our blissful 'goat's jigg'; of re-entwining, and of his yielding; the sweet reward after the coquetry.
to me, John?”  And he started to laugh.  “I don't know where I am.”  His eyes dropped to my tenting.  He inhaled and cast a sharp glance at my face.
“I suppose you are a crack shot,” I remarked, once we were at the Billiard table and were chalking up our cues.
“No, sir, I do not.  I have been so upset about it all, I just could not bear to remain.  Although, of course, I shall keep my position until Mr. Burroughs decides what must be done.”  She clasped and wrung her hands.  “I am living with my sister in the village, sir.”
We drew back around a corner, waiting.  This area was quieter than the main street.  The intermingling scents that wafted from the nearby butcher and the baker sited opposite were first acrid and then powder sweet.  Rusty nosed the air and whined.  Somewhere close by, a barrel or a crate crashed to the ground, startling the animal.  He began to yip and paw the door.
We both laughed.
“No.  I deduced it.”  A small pause.  “That's what I do.”
“That's better,” said my room-mate.  “Almost dashing.”
Lestrade doing?”
“No, you don't see,” said Holmes.  “That is exactly my point.  I have done a very clever thing, which will help me to catch Hoggerty.”  He rubbed his hands together then.  “He will be so surprised.”
“Well, Montague Street, naturally.  Good gracious me, what
“Yes,” said Holmes.  “We shall step right on through then.”
“A what?  Well, no, of course not.  Can I help in any way?”
“Watson...”
“There should be two?” I said.
I shut the door on the chuntering pair and moved across to my friend.  It was only then that I set eyes on the safe and its contents.
“Yes.  He held your corner.  You should thank him, later on.”
I sat opposite my friend and lit my own, less toxic, pipe.  “Yes, well,” I said, “the town was busy, and I was slow, and I was thinking to myself how I shall miss it.”
“We might have made some story up, I don't know what, some fabrication.  But it was too late, and Martha sickened worse, and then... and then, you know what happened, Mr. Holmes, Dr. Watson, sir.”
“Where are we
Was it so dreadful of me, then, to feel a sharp reverb of triumph?
He chuckled.  “Yes.”
“Just one more letter,” said Sherlock Holmes, “and I shall know.”
Our landlady was by now at the top step, and pushing open the door of the sitting-room.
“I've had another day,” I said.  I told him everything and more.  He listened carefully.
My friend huffed softly.  “Which would beg the question as to why they might be standing in our doorway in the first place,” he replied.  Then:  “I
I made a sympathetic cluck and bowed my head.
never does anything,” said Holmes.  “Not personally.  And I rather doubt that he would tell you, even if you asked him nicely.”
And he scooted to his chair-edge, and I scooted so to mine, and we both sat there, tense and coiled, perchance to pounce.
“Holmes, you are revolting.”
“It was recommended that we ask for you in person,” said Sherlock Holmes.  “Our friend informed us that you are an eminent force in the field of antiques.”
“Most amusing, Mr. Holmes,” said he.  “With an attitude like that, you should be grateful you get anything at all from us.”  The Inspector motioned at his paper pile.  “There is plenty, as you can see, but it is nothing we can't handle.”
biographer.”
heart!
“Green ink!”
Easing trousers and a flash of thin white cotton over narrow hips, now a dark dune on the floor, he stepped aside quite naked.  He raised his arms a fraction from his sides, as if to say:
I thought.  I stared down at the envelope.
He blinked.  “To ask me out?”
“Research never ends,” he said.  “Good morning.”
“Possibly.”
I paused to gaze around me at the blues, the greens, the yellows, and to marvel at the beauty of such nature that surrounded us.  The warm and gentle breeze, the mellow birdsong, and, from far away, the faintest twitter of the town that we had left to trek thus far.
“No.”
“I want to show you something interesting today,” my friend said suddenly.  “You'll like it, I've no doubt.”
“How can I shush,” said he, “with all the things you're
“I like a man who is prepared,” I said.  I paused to add a little to my fingers.  I leaned over, kissed his mouth, caressed his flesh; became distracted by his succulence.  At length, we separated.  I rolled off the bed.  I stripped, without self-consciousness.  Holmes watched me with avidity.  As I removed my underwear, his eyes popped in his head.
the weather,” said Adams.  “So let's go and have lunch, and to heck with it all.”
It may have taken minutes, although in fact it felt like hours, but at length the piñata buckled, split, tore asunder, and gave way.  All of these things at once, in fact, for its contents sprang to freedom like fifty cross jack-in-the-boxes.  We cowered to deflect the mighty onslaught of our prize.  Eventually, the tumult came to its climax, and we stood up straight again.
“Max would adore it,” I said, chuckling.  “All three of us would spoil him so.”
He tore the letter open without waiting for my reply.  A two sheet missive in neat, blue script, that he commenced to keenly read.  He frowned and sighed and sucked air through his teeth at short intervals.
And so it carried on, my head a boomerang from side to side, my both ears pummelled senseless, until I chanced to spy the clock upon the mantelpiece.
“Not very long,” I managed to reply.  “I am most sorry for the--”
,” and “
“Oh, by a woman.  'Her' name is Marybelle LaRoux.”  Holmes laughed again.  “If Mycroft knew that I had found them, and had read them all, I don't know what he'd do.”
“Holmes!” I said.  “Holmes!”
“What?” said he.  “I can see what they are.  Mayan daggers.”
We stared, then, at each other.
“Mess, mess, mess,” he crooned.  “It's all you think about.”
I wrestled it from his iron grasp, and took it to the window where the light might offer vantage.
And my hand curls around him, and I hear his soft gasp, feel the jolt of his hips as my thumb circles and traces.  He is perfect.  He is everything.  He is the one.
...”  He broke off laughing.  “John, I love you.  You're with me.  That's all that matters in the end.”
“Can I help - oh, hi Sherlock. Come to get inked? Or got another disgusting dead body to show me?” Elaine notices him in the doorway.
It then end, it’s Sherlock who finally, one late night in bed,sags, “Just ask me.”
“Right,” John replies tightly, turning his body slightly away, as if the mere thought of being in such close proximity to Sherlock is abhorrent to him.
“Yes,” he says. “I am not ready now, but when I ask, do you promise to tell me the truth?”
I need some space. I know you’re sorry, but I just need some space right now.
For almost a solid thirty seconds, the only sound in the room is Rosie’s activities, while John glares at Sherlock. He looks… wild, somehow. Like a feral dog having been caught out. Sherlock senses something in the air shifting, and dangerously so. It’s too late to backpedal now, though - the stupid words are out of his mouth before he’s even thought them through, so he has to stand by it. He holds his chin up in defiance.
“Sherlock,” John complains in mock-exasperation and Sherlock sniggers.
. John can’t believe how his life has turned around. A few months ago, he was miserable, alone in his flat in the suburbs and now, he has a lap full of the love of his life, who’s currently almost squirming in contentment.
Right. This is ridiculous, but what isn’t ridiculous about you and me? I just called to say… I’ve met someone. She’s very pretty and very clever and I think you might’ve actually liked her, which is the ironic part. You might’ve just approved of this one. So, there’s that. Not saying I’ve moved on or something. Well, you can’t move on from… whatever it is we were. Just wanted to let you know. And get your blessing, I suppose, in a way.
“No. We talked about this.”
John buys the toy three weeks after getting together with Sherlock. He hides it in a drawer and doesn’t think about it for a little while. He doesn’t want to take it out too soon. He knows they need to establish trust first, which they do over and over again, until John finds himself thinking of the toy more and more often. At first, he wonders how to bring it up, if he should talk about it with Sherlock first or surprise him. Surely the last option would add to the pleasure, but the building up could also be quite nice.
God, I’m absolute pants at this. Ignore that. See you soon.
Sherlock nods, biting into his toast before replying, “She has some body parts that might interest me.”
“Why?”
Once they’re finally -
And Sherlock, I love you so much. I can’t imagine what it must be like in 221B. I wasn’t able to stay there while you were gone, and I’m not sure I could do it now more than ever. What you’re doing for me, love, is beyond words. I love you, please never forget that I do. I love you, and I miss you, and I want nothing more than to be with you. I know you’re saying weekends are not an option, but if you ever change your mind, I’ll be there every Friday night to snuggle close against you and let our bodies find each other in many ways.
he wants nothing more than to stay here all day with Sherlock, but he can’t. Can he?
Before he can think twice, Sherlock hits dial. It rings only twice.
Sherlock goes still.
Where the bloody hell are you? I’ve been everywhere and nobody has seen you. I swear, Sherlock, if you’ve done something stupid, I’ll kill you myself!
“The first time I imagined sleeping in the same bed as you wasn’t long after I moved in,” John murmurs.
“Hmm?” John answers, dropping a small kiss on Sherlock’s clavicle.
“I don’t know if I can do that, John.”
For a brief moment, as they wait for the teller to ring up all their purchases, their eyes meet. It’s not a question, but a statement
“John, John, you’re gonna need—”
John looks down at this bowl. “I’d say he’s
“I know.”
John don’t be so boring. NO. I’m CLEAN. SH
John reaches for his curls, stroking slowly. God, how he loves him. “I just… I need…” He starts, searching for words. He knows he can ask anything, that Sherlock would be there and understand, but still, it all suddenly feels so heavy.
“This is -” he starts.
Because it’s them and Sherlock wouldn’t want them any other way, the slow and soft turns back to heat and passion the second John is inside him, neither of them able to control any of it. Sherlock moans and cries out John’s name until he’s so close that it almost aches not to be coming. But John, wonderful, breathtaking John kisses him while pushing once more into him and they’re both finally finding their release.
Sherlock muffles something against his neck, making John laugh again.
“Doesn’t happen?” Sherlock frowns, alarm bells sounding quite clearly in his Mind Palace at the words.
Take care of yourself.
He’s reading the first one before he can stop himself. Each word Sherlock wrote down is making his chest ache a little more, and by the time he reaches the end, he can barely hold himself up. He closes the drawer with shaking hands, refusing to read any more letters. He shouldn’t have read that one in the first place, not without Sherlock’s consent. He had told him, the very day he got here, that he didn’t want to show him. And now John understood why perfectly. Those letters are as personal, as raw as the ones he wrote himself, never to be read.
Sherlock’s eyes flutter closed as he nods, “Yes.”
Before there is anything Sherlock can do, John is right up against him, mouth hungry and warm against his. It takes another second or so before Sherlock can react and for a long moment there is only heat and passion. Sherlock’s hand travels up and down John’s body as if to learn it again, searching for any changes to commit to memory.
They immediately find each other’s hands as they start on their walk and the minutes pass by pleasantly enough, the crisp late morning air creating a comfortable temperature to walk in.
“What shall we order?” John responds, gripping Sherlock’s hand back, leading him to the bed.
And it’s like old times, almost, if old times were a little bit uncomfortable.
“You had fantasies about me?”
“The animation is not that great.”
“John, I -”
“A sordid combination of all three,” Sherlock murmurs, voice creaky with disuse and strain. “They - you were… you...”
One part of his attraction to John that he’s been more open with - if only to himself - is the physical side. There’s no harm in admitting you find your friend and flatmate handsome, after all. And if that attraction led to him rediscovering certain parts of himself in the still of the night under the covers of his bed, well, that’s nobody’s business but his own.
It should feel odd, or at least new to wake up this way, but all John can feel is a sense of
How could it not be?
Elements such as?
They’re quiet in the car, the heat that rose between them back on the stairs of their home having settled for now. John looks out the window, tracking where they are by the landmarks they pass, some of them barely recognisable in their current, decaying states. He forms
Sorry. I know you hate smiley faces.
“I just. Everybody always said how clever I am. They used the term
and before he knows it, a bubble of emotion makes itself known, his breath hitching and eyes spilling over.
then he’ll understand.
Sherlock
“Sherlock?”
“We do,” John says, placing a soft kiss to Sherlock’s neck.
“You kissed me,” Sherlock whispers. “I woke up almost tasting that kiss.”
“Well,” John says, by way of explanation. Nothing like
Making you angry was never my intention. I was merely trying to make you realise what you’re doing to yourself, but as you repeatedly explained, you’re an adult and therefore free to live your life the way you want. Just as I am free to express my opinion and concern. It never felt to me as if I was trying to be your
“You can say okay, John,” Sherlock huffs out, rolling his eyes.
“I wouldn’t say I love it,” John replies, “but it’s part of the game.”
Taking him by surprise, Sherlock slowly begins to remove his shirt, eyes fixed on him, questioning. John, frozen in place, realises he should be doing the same. He gets rid of both shirt and pants without breaking eye contact, remaining covered by the sheet and waiting for Sherlock. They stare back at each other, completely naked and just inches apart. John exhales loudly, a small smile blooming on Sherlock’s lips.
John smiles, eyes still closed, “I’m glad you did.”
“Maybe… Maybe I could check on the inbox, see if there’s something there for us.”
It had been only a little journey to get to this point - them, unpacking all of John’s belongings and moving him back where he belongs, the sealed boxes the briefest of reminders that this hasn’t always been John’s home, but also a reminder that it’s being rectified - for good.
John closes his eyes, something close to a sob escaping him. “It always comes back to this, all the time, not telling you sooner.”
I love you too. SH
Silence.
“Rosie?” Sherlock asks, eyes narrowing.
No answer, silence only filling the room and, apparently, the entire flat.
- to know that I’m yours, but you’re also mine. I don’t want there to ever be any doubt about that.”
“In five minutes,” John says into Sherlock’s hair, his tone low and menacing, but Sherlock knows he’s just playing, “we’re going to get up and we’re going to sort out Rosie’s room then we’re going to fetch her from downstairs and eat dinner together as a family. And tomorrow we get rid of all these boxes. Is that clear?”
“You know you are too, right?” Sherlock asks after a moment, beginning to turn inside his arms until they’re facing.
“Yes. Me too,” Sherlock asserts, more confidently this time.
“Alright, I guess,” John sighs, not going into further details.
Sherlock squeezes his hand again and leans into him slightly, bumping his shoulder with his own.
He sits back down, eyes wide. John turns around and a little shiver runs down Sherlock’s spine at the sight of him. He’s incensed. He takes a step forward and Sherlock can’t help it; he flinches lightly. At that, John’s expression changes, softens up. He looks regretful.
Sherlock links his arm through John’s in response.
John Watson
friend in the world was a good idea? Fuck you.
I better ask Lestrade for a case because waiting combined with boredom is not good for my drug use. SH
John smiles and catches Sherlock by the arm as he walks away. “What about my kiss?”
“John, please, no one was there.”
“We have some news,” Sherlock says, coming inside.
“About your tattoo, yes. About your family. About your childhood. Your army days. All of it. Any of it, really.”
It’s sloppy and a bit awkward and his neck feels like it’s at an odd angle and he doesn’t know what to do with his hands but it’s still
“What is your maternal grandmother’s name?” Sherlock shoots out without preamble.
“I’m thinking rosé, what about you?” Sherlock asks, focusing back on the menu.
John Watson
“Sorry to disappoint you, mate, but if you pick such a small design, it’s not going to take very long. Maybe next time I can design something more ornate for you and we can have you in this chair for longer.”
John nods, “No more secrets.”
“I want to tell people,” he says. “I want every-bloody-body to know.”
“Sherlock, I —”
“But that’s behind us now, yeah? If you’d like?” John quickly, surreptitiously wipes the side of his eye with his middle finger.
“I just. I know I said it before, and you know me, I do hate to be redundant, but I can’t believe… I never imagined this. I knew I loved you, I just didn’t -” he quickly snaps his mouth shut at the sight of John’s shocked expression. He looks horrified and Sherlock wants to hide under the table, out of sight, possibly for forever.
Why aren’t you asleep?
“Doctor Watson, are you - are you
John chuckles and lifts himself up to discard of the offending garment, settling his weight back down on Sherlock, their bare torsos blissfully meeting each other’s.
Two whole days.
“Listen, John, we don’t have to —”
“Just like that?” Sherlock asks.
, Sherlock had amended, but only once she’d gone and John was the only one still around to hear it. If it had reached them in London, what was to stop it from finding them on another continent?).
“Well, you can add another first that’s happening right now,” John sighs, looking at the time. “First time she sleeps in so late.”
“What I meant to say is… Me too,” he says, and forces himself to look John directly in his eyes, seeming to lose himself in the greys and browns and blues for a second.
“John,” Sherlock whispers, silent questions in his eyes.
Don’t thank me for last night, love, that was just an appetiser. The main meal will arrive tonight, after dinner, if you know what I mean…
brief
But not like this. I can’t keep it all to myself anymore. I tried, oh I tried. You saw how I failed, showing up drunk on your doorstep, even then not brave enough to tell you. You have every right to hate me, you know. To resent me for what I did to you. I still can’t understand it myself, can’t look at a glass of scotch without wanting to drink it. I have a problem, Sherlock. One only you can fix if I ever could ask you, properly, not with half sentences and disguised sentiment.
Sherlock looks over at John, who happens to be looking at him, too. It used to be like this, before. They’d think the same thing at the same time and meet each other’s eyes, grins barely covered.
Afterwards, they had taken her to a little family cafe where she could play on puffy colourful blocks and wordlessly fight with other children over whose turn it was to play with a single wooden puzzle piece. With their coffees in front of them, they had spoken frankly, for the very first time, about Sherlock’s position in John’s little family of two. Sherlock was just telling John where they’d need to set up childproofing on plugs and tricky cupboards when John smiled and simply said, “She loves you too, you know.”
The waiter comes to take their orders. John waits until he’s gone before leaning closer over the table.
Sherlock’s lips brush his skin as he replies, “But without me, you do.”
Sherlock, still on the chair, seems engrossed in the emails. Just like Mark apparently, considering how closely he’s leaning against Sherlock’s back. John takes a deep breath in, desperate to calm down the part of him already burning low in his abdomen. He’s been in situations as such before, so he’s already learnt how to control his own temper and he is not about to ruin it all even more by being jealous.
“Of course.”
“I should get back to…”
John chuckles again. Sherlock loves the sound of John happy. “No. Not
Later that night, John texts again.
One of Mycroft’s minions pulls up outside exactly as he steps out the front door with his luggage. He has just said goodbye to a semi-hysterical Mrs Hudson (“You’ll call, won’t you dear?”) and fired off a quick text to Lestrade.
By the time John is downstairs with Rosie at seven o’clock, Sherlock has sweated through one shirt and is well on his way through the one he’s wearing. He has spent the entire day thinking up a myriad of plausible sequences of events and most of them lead to the moment after dinner when something of a more… physical nature might happen. He has calculated that about 84% of the possibilities lead that way, with the other 16% being pretty evenly split up into the possibility of a catastrophic disaster or being interrupted by a case. He easily discards the former 8%, having decided the previous day not to dwell on those odds. If he were a betting man (and he sometimes is, especially considering the fact that the majority of the population consists of people too stupid to adequately identify and separate good odds from bad), he’d bet on the 84%. Which leaves him sweaty and anxious and just a little bit curiously turned on.
Sherlock opens his eyes and finds John looking down at him, smiling fondly. It’s all Sherlock can do not to burst into sobs. The utter emotion and relief he feels is answered in John’s expression and it’s like coming home after years and years or wandering through the desert.
“I think I do.”
John lets out another sigh. “I know. It’s too bloody far from here, from you. I don’t even know what I’ll do there. Julian said I could stay at his place, but still, I’m no-”
When John is finally buried deep inside of Sherlock, he lets out a little puff of air and leans down to capture Sherlock’s mouth in his, never breaking apart for more than a few seconds until they finally both climax almost soundlessly, emotion pouring right out of their mouths and bodies into the other’s, Sherlock’s hands in John’s hair and John’s hands on Sherlock’s chest.
“I saw it in the antique shop,” Sherlock explains, looking down at the medical case. “I made sure to take it away before you could see it.”
“I will too, love.”
John nods slowly, “I do, yes. But I want you more, I want us more than anything. I won’t go, Sherlock, if it means I’ll lose what we’re slowly building together. You know that, right?”
“Well, maybe I am a romantic after all.”
“I did, yes, in some way. It was never the same, though,” John breathes deeply through his nose, clearly struggling to let the words out. It’s never easy to speak in retrospect where the dead are concerned, Sherlock knows. “It couldn’t ever have been the same as the way I felt about you. I was completely gone on you, Sherlock, and, as terrible as this sounds, she was a poor substitute. But I did love her, and I made sure to honour the commitment I’d made to her and to our unborn child. And then. And then… Well, you know.”
Despite their current state of nakedness, John seems to catch on to the lack of sexual intentions and doesn’t make a move, waiting patiently. Suddenly nervous, Sherlock inhales deeply before opening the door, letting John get in first.
Most of all, he wonders what he’s going to do to finally let it all go.
“I know I can’t. But I’ve asked you not to. Make of that what you will.”
They stay indoors as much as possible, leaving only for provisions. They wear on each other, nerves stretched thin with everything said and unsaid. They are each other’s only company, Mrs Hudson having left sixteen weeks ago to accompany her sister and brother-in-law to America, where the dust hadn’t reached (
John huffs out a light laugh, a sweet thing that Sherlock wants to capture and bottle and hold onto forever and a day.
It becomes their new ritual, eating together this way. Breakfast, lunch and dinner are now Sherlock’s favorite parts of the day and he waits eagerly for them. John is now fully committed to the new case, sometimes leaving notes he’s written for Sherlock to see. They solve it within three days, John’s excitement making the whole process even better.
“Sherlock?”
They’re still in bed, the sun having just risen, and the flat still quiet. Sherlock considers the question a moment, slowly stroking John’s back up and down.
“Sherlock! John!”
“Of what?”
“Around lunch?”
“What happened?”
“Now, what is this
“I think you’re doing a great job already,” John smiled, brushing Sherlock’s curls from his forehead.
John tries his best not to go too still, a drunk Sherlock still perfectly able to deduce him.
They make quick work of getting dressed, each keeping their hands to themselves. John places the cupcakes on a plate while Sherlock grabs a bottle of milk. They go down to Mrs Hudson’s, knocking.
it’s so hot, so dry, so acrid, only offhandedly mention that it is:
(...)
“And th-then?”
Mycroft did tell Sherlock, around the same time Mrs Hudson left, that some squatters had taken refuge in it, but he never bothered to relay the message to John.
Sherlock is breathing heavily in his ear, still rocking against him and both of his hands now on John’s arse. This is only the third time they’ve tried shower sex, and if it’s not the most practical place to taste and touch all of each other, John finds that he really, really likes it. He loves the feeling of Sherlock shaking in his arms, so very warm and wanting. He loves the way their bodies slide together, so easily, making it harder to take it slow.
“They don’t hurt,” Sherlock says, tensing at the contact of John’s hand anyway. “Not anymore.”
“You’re the one who moved away, John.” Sherlock’s tone is bitter, almost angry.
WELL!? SH
“I know. I think, though, that the sooner we accept that part of it, the better. Else we’ll drive ourselves mad with the could-have-beens. God knows I’ve spent my fair share of time feeling sorry for all the horrible things we’ve had to endure. We made a lot of mistakes, between the two of us, but we’re here now, aren’t we? I think that’s more important.”
“We could start with breakfast,” John offers, slowly bringing Sherlock’s face up.
“I am so very happy, too,” he says, thinking about snogging Sherlock in front of his parents.
He abandons Sherlock on the sofa, feeling suddenly much more hopeful. Unfortunately, it doesn’t last long. The instant they step out of the Airbnb, Sherlock is back to his strange behavior. He spends the entire ride to the park on his phone, typing and typing, not once looking up at him. John keeps his mouth shut, thinking back on the way Sherlock’s lips had moved against his just this morning. Someone who doesn’t want a relationship doesn’t kiss back that way, right?
Air filling his lungs again, John allows himself to relax. He knows where he is, knows exactly who the person in bed with him is, knows all too much the - still breathtaking - reason they’re currently lying there together.
He sits down next to him, by the fire, and takes the rather large gift in Sherlock’s hand. He’s surprised by how light it turns out to be, and with a wide grin, he sets to unwrapping it.
John snaps back to attention and they continue down the aisle, helplessly picking out a bunch of things they’re now certain they’ll never even begin to consume.
You my have noticed that the rating changed. Maybe there'll be a bonus chapter about their first time, but we're not sure yet!
“What’s this, then?” John asks teasingly as Sherlock enters the flat and his stomach drops. All his research is out. Papers with the little design drawn on it all in different ways. His laptop with the tabs on tattoo symbols open. He can feel his cheeks heating up and doesn’t know how to respond.
John leans down to pick her up, kissing her for long seconds and breathing her in. “It’ll be alright, sweetheart,” he whispers against her skin. Rosie smashes her toy against his chest, mumbling, and for just a second, John believes in his own lie.
“We complete each other,” Sherlock teased, rolling his eyes.
“Fine, just…”
John faces him, kisses him on the mouth, just once. Quieting the melancholy, if for a moment. It’s the most natural thing in the world, really, to make this tiny leap in what has been a history of restraint.
“I wasn’t hungry, John.”
John smiles, kissing his curls and sighing, “We should go get her before she starts crying. It’s time for breakfast anyway.”
He leans in a bit closer, the scent of smoke slowly drifting away as Sherlock finishes his cigarette. John lets his eyes fall closed, head resting against Sherlock’s arm. Once again, he can’t help but wonder what he ever did to get to this moment right now. What he ever did to get to experience all that’s still going to happen.
“Sherlock,” John says simply and, where Sherlock feels unsure and dizzy, John is steadfast and bold. His soldier. His John.
Sherlock protests without really meaning it if you ask him, but John doesn’t have the time to tease him more about it, a hand sliding down his stomach. His breath catches at the feeling of Sherlock’s fingers closing around his cock, and he exhales loudly, hoping his morning breath isn’t too bad. But Sherlock doesn’t seem to mind at all, eyes now directed towards the space between their bodies, looking at his own hand around John.
He can already feel Sherlock’s growing erection against his, each of their hurried movements making the desire build and build inside him, and John cries out as Sherlock locks both legs around his waist.
“And?”
“Sherlock,” Mycroft halts him in his steps.
He doesn’t wait for an answer, choosing to walk instead of waiting a minute more here for a cab, Mark saying his goodbye as he does.
“More than okay,” Sherlock whispers back. “Almost too okay.”
done is let you down and blame you and - and beat you!” John raises his voice, punctuating his point by punching his left fist on the already-worn armrest of his chair.
“You frightened me.”
“You are obviously wondering if a second attempt at penetrative sex will be as brilliant as the first one,” Sherlock breathes out, sounding much too serious.
John can only lean in a little more, bending his head to give Sherlock a better look. He takes advantage of this new position to close his eyes. Sherlock’s hands are getting even warmer, or maybe it’s just John’s body reacting to the prolonged touch. In any case, John finds himself wishing Sherlock would never take them off of him.
Four days, three hours and a couple of seconds.
Give her a tight squeeze from me. SH
Sherlock wraps an arm around her shoulder, bringing her closer so that she can rest her head on his shoulder.
Silence again, but this time filled with something so heavy that John has to hold his breath.
He has a few ideas as to what the tattoo could mean, but nothing concrete. His mind shuffles through images and sounds, smells and tastes, rejecting almost everything as implausible. He takes his time with each one, pinning them onto the John in his mind, but none seem to fit. John is a simple man, military. Doctor, soldier, friend, father, husband(?). The most obvious thing that springs to mind is morse code, the little line and dot representing one of many alternatives. An N. If read the other way, an A. Perhaps a T and an E. The most likely of these is initials read forwards, so T.E., considering people often get tattoos purely for sentimental reasons, coupled with the infinity sign. He files away the possibility of N for another time.
“Out. Molly has a body she wants me to examine. Could be interesting.”
“Couldn’t go outside,” he motions to the window opposite them and omits the
John Watson
“Mummy is expecting us to be late, I’m sure,” Sherlock says, starting the engine.
“Welcome home, John.”
Sighing, John gets to his feet, padding to the small kitchen to get a glass of water. Keeping the lights off, he searches the cupboard for a glass, hitting his foot against a sharp angle and cursing out loud. He’s still jumping in place when sudden brightness forces his eyes closed, cursing again.
Once home, he takes out his luggage bag and places it on the bed. He folds his trousers and shirts and pants and socks, neatly, methodically, and places them inside. He packs his toiletries in a designer toiletry bag and zips it up with precision. He’s a surgeon at work, excising the tumour called love with exact motions.
Sherlock frowns at him. “Everyone?”
Sherlock disappears into the kitchen, making rather a lot of noise in there before coming back empty handed. John frowns, the tableau looking all too familiar.
John Watson
I just dont’ want to mess it up. SH
brief
John feels an ache spread throughout his entire chest. “I know.”
“Sherlock…” Tanya sighs.
“Ready?” John asks, his head lined up with Sherlock’s entrance.
“I…” he clears his throat. “I also wanted to apologize for the case the other day. I feel like I’ve ruined it and I… well, I just wanted to say… that.”
“There’s nothing to be sorry for.”
“Just focus on my breathing,” Sherlock says, eyes fixed on him. “It’ll be alright.”
John shakes his head. “No, you’re right, it’s not.”
“In a way, maybe. It might be silly and completely self-commiserating, but it’s comforting to think that it had to happen this way. It softens the blow, I think. Especially considering the main regret is the time we wasted; I don’t want to waste any more time feeling bad about it. I just want to move forward with you. That’s all I want.”
“Are you bringing
Letting out a quiet laugh, John replies.
John’s smile widens. It is still so very new, being able to ask Sherlock to dinner and meaning it as a date. The idea has been growing inside his head for a few days, not sure if Sherlock would even like going on a date, but then practically all the dinners they shared over the years had been dates. Sounds like Sherlock had been pondering the same question all along.
“Yes.”
a chat.
“I see,” he says, writhing lightly beneath John’s body.
I look forward to it. SH
“Hi,” John interrupts, and it appears he has been standing there for quite some time. He hands him a coffee, which Sherlock accepts with a nod of thanks.
“Hi.” Casual. Too casual. Why is he so casual?
I haven’t told you about the hours I spent wondering what was happening inside your head. Was I imagining the stares? Was I reading too much into your smiles? Was it all just what I wanted to see? Were you thinking about me constantly, too? Were you wondering what I was thinking? Or did you read it all on me already and just didn’t say so? Silently telling me it would never happen?
The ignition takes three tries until it catches.
brief
He’s still dressed, his shirt hanging out of his trousers and traces of his pillow on his cheek. Lying in bed fully awake then, just like him. John forgets entirely about his hurt toes and asks,
Sherlock nods, walking around the table and kissing Rosie’s foreheads softly. “That’s what I told her, yes.”
Sherlock studies him for a long moment. John can see the moment he gives up, his body melting against his until John can no longer see his face.
“Yeah, I get it. After everything you’ve done for me. After everything you’ve shared with me. I never asked for any of it, though, did I?” John says and it’s cruel and it hurts and Sherlock hates him in this moment more than he’s ever hated him before; even more than the day he said “I do” to another woman.
Hi! Long time, no speak. Just wondering if you’re around. Might stop by later for a cuppa if you’re available. Let me know.
I need time, too. I’m still not ready. Hell, I’ve barely been clean for a month now. SH
“Sherlock? What is it?” John almost trips over his own words, rushing to ask. Sherlock realises only now that it is well past 2am and he shouldn’t have worried John this way, but it’s too late now.
“Maybe, yeah.”
people are always going on about and committing crimes over. I want dinner and a movie (barring, of course, anything remotely similar to those James Bond films you were always trying to force me into). I want kisses and hand-holding and, yes, even sex. All the things I thought to hold myself above for all these years.
“And I owe you now. Is that it?”
“Yes,” he barks out again. This time, he reaches for John’s hand as Elaine shows him the sterilised needle. John smiles and takes the petitioning hand, allowing Sherlock to squeeze tight even though the pain hasn’t begun yet.
True to himself, Sherlock begins to mumble nonsense, words mixed together inside his mouth. John holds on to him tightly as they walk home, loving the warmth of Sherlock’s body against his own.
“In here!”
“Wait,” he replies, pulling John down for a kiss that he urgently, desperately needs, to which John is only too happy to oblige. He digs his heels into John’s arse then, with a commanding, “Now,” and John just smiles and pushes in slightly, allowing Sherlock to stretch around him once more.
. He has thought about it ever since meeting Sherlock, wondering what it would be like, imagining the sounds and caresses and sensations way too many times. He has thought about it in the past weeks, making Sherlock his so many times, and wondering just how it would feel to be the one being claimed.
I think you’d love me for anything right now. SH
“I know,” John replies, avoiding his eyes and focusing on the files in Mike’s hand instead. “So, what did you think?”
He wonders if Sherlock is conducting an experiment, something he barely indulges in anymore. When John asked him why once, he said, with the too-flippant wave of a hand, that with scarce resources, experiments aren’t the priority. John knows the truth is that he can’t stomach engaging in something pleasurable while people outside perish. He’s just not that man anymore (he probably never was, John has to remind himself. The machine he once saw was part of the comfortably familiar facade).
I must confess, this is the third time I’m writing this letter.
“I didn’t exactly see Mrs Hudson, she just pushed me up the stairs, really,” John says, unable to stop smiling. “And I didn’t really have the time to talk to Lestrade before he forgot us in Slough.”
It seems as though John is on the same track, because once again, he has his hand on Sherlock’s thigh under the table, moving higher and higher, tracing almost-hypnotic patterns as he makes his way towards his goal. Before he gets there, though, Sherlock can’t help but blurt out:
“Are you okay?”
I felt it very early on, and figured it out not too long after. I made you believe that I didn’t feel things that way and, God, how I wish that were true. How I wish I didn’t long for you like the man in the desert for an oasis. How I wish I could wake up in the morning and have another thought that isn’t you, you,
John Watson
“Morning, love,” John smiles, turning to glance at him.
Sherlock looks at him, as if to challenge him to do so before saying, “Don’t you dare.”
I worry about everything. SH
“I mean a proper kiss?”
It won’t change. You have to trust me on that.
Fuck. I don’t even know why I’m writing this letter. You’ve ignored all of my texts and calls, why would it be different with this?
“I think we’d better go. Rosie needs to nap soon.”
Sherlock folds his coat over his arm and ruffles his hair in frustration. “You can’t stop me from going.”
Sherlock nods, going for the door, and John follows, bracing himself for whatever might happen next. They don’t exchange a word until they reach the beach, walking in silence for another ten minutes or so before Sherlock finally asks, “So?”
And I know we can be brilliant together.
You came back and you brought back so much with you. And yes, I was angry. So angry, Sherlock. I wanted to shake you, to ask you how you dared doing this to me, to ask you if I meant so little to you that you chose to left me behind. I still wonder sometimes.
be simple and easy. His phone vibrates three times more before he retrieves it.
You’re all that I need. SH
“It did,” John murmurs, the tips of his fingers playing with Sherlock’s hair.
“How was your day?” Sherlock asks, despite already knowing.
“I’m so sorry,” John barely breathes out, choking on the words and the sentiment.
He immediately seeks Sherlock’s eyes, not exactly sure what has gotten into him. For God’s sake, it feels as if he’s been snapping at him for a bloody week now, and surely Sherlock isn’t gonna take it much longer. It’s already quite a miracle he hasn’t snapped back already. But no, Sherlock stands there, watching him with infinite patience in his eyes, and John feels like a complete idiot.
John chuckles, “Maybe. Is that a bad thing?”
“Yes. I wish… I wish it hadn’t taken this long for us to get here. I wish we hadn’t taken the very long way ‘round to get to this point. Death and marriage and misery. Never saying anything for all that time. Leaving, then coming back to you and her. Her... What was it all for, in the end? It just seems so pointless somehow. We both suffered so much and-”
Closer.
“You have no idea,” Sherlock smiles.
“Ready.”
OK. SH
“Are we really supposed to believe a squirrel is to blame? Just because he wanted to hide some nuts?”
“Then we take all the time we need to think of an answer for the other. It doesn’t have to be tonight. We just have to promise to be completely honest.”
“Shit,” John says, gripping the steering wheel tighter. “I’m in way over my head, aren’t I?”
I think there might be elements that you’re missing. That I was maybe missing, too. SH
s - slippers worn only once and left outside the door by a wealthy widow, one of a pair of earrings dropped on a stair by a man having an affair every Tuesday afternoon when his wife thought he was at work. As grateful as he is for Sherlock granting them this reprieve from the ghosts back home for a short spell, John still isn’t sure that they haven’t followed them here.
Sherlock frowns at him, “Is it really that late already?”
“Good,” he returned.
“Now?”
, so very them, and John loves every second of it.
Somehow, Sherlock has enough material to talk about for the rest of the entire trip, explaining to John in great detail the first failures of the author and, of course, his breakthroughs, too. John listens carefully, finding that he’d rather like to read the journal too, after all. Sherlock is just finishing on what he expects to read in the new journals when they park in front of the Holmes’ house.
Hello
“A hour,” Sherlock replies, his voice barely a whisper, and John marvels at the feeling of his breath against his lips. “My nose was itchy.”
“Want to do it?” John asks, barely keeping himself from kissing him right now.
John stops, feeling breathless. He looks up to find Sherlock staring at him.
(Don’t start me thinking about these other things).
On the way out the door, he can’t help but notice Sherlock steal a quick glance at Mrs Hudson’s front door.
But I should make it clear now: caring for you was never, and will never be, a way to give my life a purpose.
“Sherlock?” John calls again, a bit worried now. He grabs his shirt and pants from the floor, putting them on quickly. “Sherlock, are you in there?”
One more thing, Sherlock.
John holds him closer, messy curls now tickling his face. “I have a proposition for you. You can refuse if you want.”
Sherlock is shaking now, his entire body so very fragile in John's arms.
and none on else. I want to be inside you, but either way is perfectly fine by me too.
I meant it. I want to be yours.
absolutely necessary.”
“Well, because I met some mad bugger in a lab one day and he completely changed my life and I had more and more fantasies about shagging him senseless through this very mattress, that’s why,” John smiles, and he cups Sherlock’s face in his hand, his eyes full of fondness. “What about you? When did you have your big sexuality crisis?”
“You can tell me anything,” John states and Sherlock kisses his chest in gratitude.
“I want to be inside you,” John pants, leaning over just enough to kiss him. “But watching you like this is also so perfect.”
And that marks the end of this story! Thank you for all the comments ands kudos!!
John helps her on and gives her the dummy that she’s reaching out for. He turns around to glare at Sherlock, who suddenly urgently needs to stare down at the fading carpet.
“Do you, now?” John asks, smiling even more while turning in Sherlock’s arms. He pushes back the hair on Sherlock’s forehead, leaning in for a lazy kiss. “What am I thinking about?”
John is silent for a moment.
I’d like that. SH
- much. I shouldn’t be on the telephone with you, stupid, stupid,
“I hope…” John starts. “Before... you said that our relationship has never been entirely reciprocal and I just hope that that’s changed. I hope I’ve been able to express just how much...”
“Or I could rub your head while you find out and let me watch in peace.”
John Watson
As he watches John tuck Rosie’s blanket around her tiny now-sleeping frame, he can’t help but silently thank every deity he knows of for giving him somebody who is not just a friend or a lover, but somebody who means something much more than any of those things could ever encompass. Somebody who means more than conversations or sex or even love. Somebody who means
s and
John rolls his eyes, “She isn’t going to faint. Is she?”
“Still bored?” he breathes onto Sherlock’s already-hardening cock.
The shelves are sparse, even though it’s not quite quarter past eight yet. John wonders if people have been and gone already or if they were never quite full in the first place. Sherlock deduces to himself that it’s the latter.
Juss got back to the flat. I think I drank too -
He raises his eyebrows, silently willing him to speak.
It made me want to run back to you. I want to take that bloody needle out of your hands, to put an end to this nonsense and ask if you could forget about all the harm I’ve caused you. I want to be able to look at you in the eyes and not remember the way your jaw felt against my fist as I hit you again and again. It still haunts my nights. I can’t turn off the light without seeing you there, on the floor, and realising I was the one who beat you.
Oh. Was it okay? Did I go too far? I’m sorry if I did, I just thought I could share some of that with you.
since the very beginning.
I’m not saying I can explain what happened Saturday - I’m not sure I fully understand it yet, but I think we both know what the real issue was. We were trying too hard, Sherlock. I was so scared, so very afraid of ruining everything that suddenly I didn’t know how to act around you. For God’s sake, I didn’t even kiss you. You were there, at the bloody train station and you were so damn beautiful, and I didn’t even kiss you. Oh trust me, I wanted to. That’s all I could think of while we drove to Bill’s place, but I had no idea how. Could I just reach for your hand, pull you closer and seal our lips? I knew I was allowed to, you told me in your letters you wanted it just as much, but I couldn’t move.
Two weeks later, they’re sat on the red carpet of the living room of 221B surrounded by boxes and bags and the setting sun’s light coming in weakly through the windows and Sherlock hasn’t felt this tired in a very long time. He might even manage a full eight hours tonight, he thinks. There isn’t a part of him that doesn’t ache right now, including his mind, if that’s possible. Even though they had the help of professional movers and Molly, Lestrade and Mrs Hudson (Mycroft had dropped by for an hour or so, but had mostly supervised and been a generally controlling prat so Sherlock had told him to piss off eventually), they’ve done the brunt of the heavy lifting themselves in their eagerness to get it over with and not waste a second more not living with one another. They’ve spent the previous couple of days planning for the move, but couldn’t really do much while John was at work.
John Watson
“I didn’t know you’ve read Shakespeare.”
Sherlock blushes. John is barely able to resist the urge to kiss him right there, right now. They haven’t talked much about what they told each other the night before. John would have liked to ask about Sherlock’s half confession, not having stopped wondering what it meant exactly. But he doesn’t want to ruin what’s building between them. Sherlock looks comfortable here, at ease, and John wants nothing more than for this date to be absolutely perfect.
John hides his smile. “Sure, yes.”
John Watson
Sherlock glares at him, mouth forming a hard line. Luckily, John can do this all day. He lifts his chin up, rising to the challenge.
“That much was rather obvious, yes.”
(I have been counting). SH
Sherlock sighs, a dozen ideas running through his head. He has been thinking about what he’d want to do since the lockdown had begun, and yet none seem good enough right now. Working a case, yes of course he was craving it, but also simply taking a walk in the park. But mostly, he wants to take a plane far, far away from this flat. Surely he couldn’t say
He doesn’t anything as he swallows around the lump in his throat, holding Sherlock just a little harder.
(Just like her dad)
“It’s perfect,” John cuts him off, taking off his jacket and feeling better already.
He frowns. “She called?”
Rosie is completely oblivious to his staring and continues to bang two toys together happily, but John feels like it’s much harder to breathe all of a sudden. He can’t go away for six months. He just got here, he just came home, just found his way back to Sherlock. He doesn’t want to go, doesn’t want to have to wake up alone in bed for six bloody months. Not now that he knows what it feels like to have Sherlock’s body pressed against his every morning. He needs this, needs to have him close all the time.
“This is for you,” Sherlock says, forcing John back to the present.
“You promised you wouldn’t go out unless it was absolutely necessary.
John knows better than to ask and fetches his keys from the little side table in the entrance hall. Sherlock follows him down the stairs, his sudden good spirits indicated in the way he hops over the last three steps to make a little crash on the landing. John knows that sound well. A promising lead or an adrenaline-spiked conclusion to a long case could spur it on. How fond he had been of those moments without calling it fondness. How desperately he clings to them like frost to the Spring-bitten leaves.
“This is what I was afraid of. I’m not a baby. I may be… that… but it isn’t because I’m too
“Right. Well. Good,” Sherlock mumbles awkwardly.
“I don’t want any secrets between us anymore,” John says, moving closer. “I want you to read them, want you to know.”
Sherlock brushes their mouths together, “That can be arranged.”
Can’t sleep. Was just wondering. SH Why are you awake? SH
John Watson
Sherlock? You’re scaring me, love.
I miss you today. Well, actually, I miss you every buggering day but today was especially difficult. It’s gone on a year now. Don’t know if I’m supposed to celebrate you or mourn you more. I’ve never really done this before. I don’t know how. I wish I could hear your voice just one more time, and not from your sodding answering machine. I wish I could smell you. See you laugh. Watch you sleep. Even hear you sulk. Christ, anything is better than this. Anything. I miss you, Sherlock. I’ll always miss you.
Sometimes I wonder if I managed to explain to you what this training means. I wonder if you understood why I had to go, why I made that choice even if it was breaking each and every part of me. Maybe it’s time I tell you about my father, if you haven’t already deduced it all…
“What about going out tonight? Maybe dinner?” Mark suddenly asks, and John doesn’t need to turn around to know who he’s asking.
