"Terrible headache," he told Anne. "Can’t bear the sun at all. I’m sorry about the match, but I think I'd better be in town."
Row upon row of scales – now shining almost with iridescence, now sunk in flat opacity – shifted and transformed with every small movement the creature made. It was extraordinarily fine-looking.
"I don't know. Might be. Mightn't. We can’t know the future. I know what we do today. We clear out of here and get a decent breakfast and we go down to Penge or whatever you want and see those lads of yours. You tell them you've changed your mind about emigrating and are taking a job with Mr Holmes instead. I'll come with you. I don't care. I'll see anyone, face anything. If they want to guess, let them. I'm fed up. Cancel your ticket, I'll repay for it and that's our start of getting free. Then we'll do the next thing, and so on, and so on. It's a risk, so's everything else, and we'll only live once."
If Sherlock had known that he and Victor would only be properly together for a single night and day, he thought that he would not have chosen to spend it careering about like a fool, but in rather more intimate pursuits. He did not know that he had in fact spent it perfectly—he was too young to detect the triviality of contact for contact's sake. He would have surfeited passion; excess was his nature. When he was much older, he realized how well Fate had served him. The one embrace in the darkness, the one long day in the light and the wind, were twin columns, each useless without the other. And all the agony of separation that he went through now, instead of destroying, was to fulfill. He tried to answer Victor’s horrible letter. Already he feared to ring false. In the evening he received another, composed of the words "Sherlock! I love you too well to compromise you any further. We must stop now, stop and forget. The consequences don’t bear thinking about. But please—please write back. I can’t bear this."
. To keep himself from going mad, he set up various combinations of switching devices connected to electrical timers, and spent hours trying, with all his marvelous quickness of muscular control, to cut shorter and ever shorter the time between the opening and the closing of the switch. At last he had worked it down to an open period of one one-hundredth of a second. Only then was he satisfied.
In that instant, the world around him was suddenly flooded with an agonizingly bright light. He staggered, almost fell to his knees, unable to see a source.
: But recently new information has come to light and it seems that I may have been mistaken in several assumptions I have made.
: Oh, and I also wanted to pass along a number. Friend of mine, I think you’ll like her. Give her a ring.
Sherlock cleared his throat. "You mentioned that your vision is different, now?" he asked, returning to more familiar territory.
Not a week later, Sherlock was called to the telephone by his landlady. He raised the instrument it to his ear, and, after a year of silence, heard the voice of his only friend.
"It's hard to say. Hard to remember, almost. I can't..." his scales rustled in apparent agitation. "I don't know what I feel like when I'm well."
"No. There'll be enough money to keep us while we have a look round. I'm not a fool, nor are you. We won't be starving. I've thought out that much, while I was awake in the night and you weren't."
They swirled across the bridge and into the road. Sherlock said, "Now we'll go to Hell." The machine was powerful, he reckless naturally. It leapt forward into the fens and the receding dome of die sky. They became a giddy cloud of dust, a stench, and a roar to the world, but the air they breathed was pure, and all the noise they heard was the long drawn cheer of the wind. They cared for no one, they were outside humanity, and death, had it come, would only have continued their pursuit of a retreating horizon. A tower, a town—it had been Godstow—were behind them, in front the same sky, paling at last as though heralding the sea. "Right turn," again, then "left," "right," until all sense of direction was gone. There was a rip, a grate. Sherlock took no notice. A noise arose as of a thousand pebbles being shaken together between his legs. No accident occurred, but the machine came to a standstill among the dark black fields. The song of the lark was heard, the trail of dust began to settle behind them. They were alone.
, at that, in a perfectly human male, ordinary, British sort of voice – was profoundly shocking.  The evidence of his eyes told him one thing: told him that this was something foreign – something incomprehensibly other. But the evidence of his ears said something quite different, and the experience of such dissonance made him unsettled, almost dizzy. He shook his head. He'd been declaiming the possibility of similar phenomena for years -- since he was sent down by the idiots in Oxford, in fact -- but only theoretically, as a thought experiment more than anything else.  The instant he’d heard of the creature's discovery, and of his brother's execrable treatment of it, he'd been desperate to see it.
"Look here man, that's ridiculous." He advanced into the darkness hospitably, still holding his book. "Anne'll be furious with me if you don't stay." Then he detected a core of blackness in the surrounding gloom, and, suddenly uneasy, exclaimed, "I hope nothing's wrong."
An immense silence, as of death, encircled the young man, and as he was going out to meet a contact at Scotland Yard one day it struck him that he really would be better off dead. What was the use of anything? Eating? Working? Playing stupid games with stupider people? That was all he did or had ever done.
The body of John Watson reclined in a massive armchair, the fingers of his right hand lightly touching those of his left, his head cocked as if listening attentively to something within himself. It was a strange, unnatural posture, Sherlock thought -- more unnatural even than the sound of John's voice emanating from the body of an alien creature. Sherlock Holmes strode up and down the room, trying – as he had been for the last several hours – to convince the recalcitrant creature to accede to his request. His unruly curls standing on end, he spoke savagely around the burning end of yet another reeking cigarette.
The strange pair had ended up sitting on the floor, face to face, with just the thin pane of glass between them. Sherlock heard relief in John's voice: relief that he finally had someone to talk to -- someone who actually cared to listen and even believe his strange story. Sherlock could not think of when he had had enjoyed himself more -- or felt more alive. Talking with the creature was extraordinary. After his initial, understandable hesitation, John Watson seemed to accept that Sherlock's motivations and methods were quite different from his brother's, and warmed to the man who apparently wished only to help him.
: Unless, of course, you could assist me with one or two small matters? Nothing very interesting, I’m afraid, but the legwork involved – well.
At that instant, a peal of thunder rang out near-simultaneously with a sudden flash of lightning. Watson’s hands tightened on his arms; it was as if an electric current passed through the chain of insignificant events, illuminated them with unbearable brightness, and smashed immediately back into darkness, leaving them dazed.
“I—thank you.” Sherlock knew he shouldn’t trust this declaration from a creature who was so entirely in his power, but he did all the same. “I shall strive to be worthy.”
He hissed through his teeth. "Is it painful?" It didn't occur to him until later that this was an uncharacteristic and unscientific question for him to ask first.
As the term went on he decided to speak to Trevor. He valued words highly, having so lately discovered their power. Why should he suffer and cause his friend suffering, when words might put all right? He heard himself saying, "I don’t know what I was thinking, I was out of my mind," and Trevor replying, "Is that so? Then I forgive you," and to the ardour of youth such a conversation seemed possible, though somehow he did not conceive it as leading to joy. He made several attempts, but partly through his own reticence, partly through Trevor's, they failed. If he went round, the door was sported, or else there were people inside; should he enter, Trevor left when the other guests did. He invited him to meals—he could never come; he offered to lift him again to their laboratory, but an excuse was made. Even if they met in the court, Trevor would affect to have forgotten something and run past him or away. He was surprised their friends did not notice the change, but few undergraduates are observant—they have too much to discover within themselves and it was a don who remarked that Trevor had stopped honeymooning with that strange Holmes person.
As he wandered about, Watson came up, touched his cap, and inquired whether he would shoot tomorrow. Obviously he would, since it seemed to be the required activity, but the question had been asked in order to pave the way for a conversation.
Sherlock looked like an immense animal in his dark wool coat—a dangerous one, with wild eyes. He slipped it off as soon as they were alone in Victor’s study, and came up smiling coldly. "So, you don't love me?" he challenged.
We can only interpret by our experiences. Sherlock could understand muddle, not change. "You only think you've changed because you’ve been ill," he said, smiling. "Simple logic. You’ll be right again soon."
They walked arm in arm or arm around shoulder now, and still Sherlock’s skin fizzed at their touch. When they sat it was nearly always in the same position—Trevor in a chair, and Sherlock at his feet, leaning against his chair. In the world of their friends this attracted no notice. Trevor would sometimes stroke Sherlock's hair. It made him quite breathless, which he strove to hide.
“Perhaps not.” While speaking, he caught sight of a winged Assyrian bull, and his expression altered into amused wonder.
"Rather not! London for me," said Sherlock, his hand again brushing against corduroys. “I can’t imagine ever living anywhere else.”
Mycroft was amused and asked him what examples of treachery he had seen. He replied that he had made many observations of grown-up people, and had concluded that one way or another, grown-ups were always cheating and dissembling. Losing his schoolboy manner, he began to talk like an adult, enumerating instances of deceptions he had observed: Mr. Sargent, who had cheated on his university exams; Leonard Blakely who lied about where he went every Wednesday evening; even the headmaster, whose vocal Christian piety somehow never extended to tithes or volunteerism.
There was a flurry of noise as the creature moved, then. Not the rustling of clothing or the crack of joints or even the groan of a grown man picking himself up off of the floor. It was not an animal sound; not an insect sound; yet it was organic -- alive. This was a series of muted clicks, as of tiny bits of metal bumping and rubbing against each other. And then--it was not quite that, either. Sherlock had never heard the like of it. He could feel that sound taking up residence under his skin, like fingernails scratching across a chalk board. He shivered, but the frisson he felt was not at all unpleasant.
"Now what will you wear, sir, I wonder?" inquired Archie, returning. "You'll put on your cricketing flannels straight away perhaps; that rather than the tweed."
But the next encounter took place too soon for Sherlock to have properly jettisoned his emotions. With half a dozen others he was starting for the chamber concert after hall when Trevor came up beside him.
A sound interjected itself unwelcomely between the two men. Mycroft, Sherlock registered. Mycroft clearing his throat.
"Absolutely not," he was saying. "I'm leaving at eight o'clock tonight. I have other responsibilities that I can no longer neglect. My advice to you is to do the same. Nothing else!
: We’re really happy. And Sherlock tells me that it’s down to you. I’m not sure what you did, but thank you. You’re a good man. Better than we deserve.
Towards the end of term they touched upon a yet more delicate subject. They attended the Dean's translation class, and when one of the men was forging quietly ahead Mr Cornwallis observed in a flat toneless voice: "Omit: a reference to the unspeakable vice of the Greeks." Sherlock observed afterwards that he ought to lose his fellowship for such intellectual cowardice.
And then there was nothing at all left to do. The team sat silently in the lab, watching the clock creep forwards with agonizing slowness.
He took up his clipboard and his satchel of instruments and walked to the plexiglass wall that divided the room into two identical halves: white, sterile, empty, neatly separating observer and observed. The only difference, Sherlock reflected, was that his side had a door through which he had the freedom to depart at any time. The creature had no such escape.
There was a knock on the passage door. Sherlock started; Victor sprang away, but called "Come in!" with a carefully indifferent voice. A housemaid entered with hot water.
Mycroft nodded. It was a better answer than he’d hoped for. “I have something else I’d like to speak with you about, as well. What do you suppose the world—the world of grown-up people is like?"
"My name is Holmes. Sherlock Holmes," he said, as brightly as he could. "And if you tell me your name, I'll promise not to poke at you at all."
"As I said before, I'm not here to get advice, nor to talk about thoughts and ideas either. I'm flesh and blood, if you'll condescend to such low things—"
He entered the estate at its lower end, through a gap in the hedge, and it struck him for the first time how derelict it was, how unfit to set standards or control the future. In the haze of the afternoon light, a bird called, animals scuttled, he hurried on until he saw the pond glimmering, and black against it the trysting place, and heard the water sipping. He was here, or almost here. Still confident, he lifted up his voice and called John.
If obliged to ask himself, "What's all this?" Sherlock would have replied, "Mycroft advised me long ago of the wisdom of feigning social relations. Well! I have found a tolerable fellow at last and I am following his advice!” But he allowed himself to ask nothing, and merely went ahead with his mouth and his mind determinedly shut. Each day with its contradictions slipped into the abyss, and he carefully ignored the fact that he was actually in danger of developing an attachment of the sort Mycroft had warned him against. To him, now, nothing else mattered. If he worked well in class and impressed his tutors, it was only a by-product, to which he had devoted no care. To ascend, to stretch a hand up the mountainside until a hand catches it, was the end for which he unconsciously strove. He forgot the hysteria of his first night and his strange recovery. They were steps which he kicked behind him. He never even thought of tenderness and emotion; his considerations about Trevor remained strategic. Trevor didn't dislike him, he was sure. That was all he wanted. One thing at a time. He didn't so much as have hopes, for hope distracts, and he had a great deal to see to.
He waved the glass aside. The storm must burst. "But you mustn't talk to me like this," he continued. "It increases my difficulties."
"Give," he said roughly, and jerked the records from under Trevor's arm. No other conversation passed, but their arms jostled together as they walked, and Sherlock felt the contact fizz over his skin. He’d never felt anything quite like it.
They harmonized in the darkness. The quietness of the hour suited them, and by mutual, unspoken decision they walked on together for a time. Sherlock was followed by a strange sense of well-being which lasted until he reached the house and Watson took his leave.
"Sherlock dear, I wanted just to show I hadn't forgotten the past. Don't let's mention it ever again, but I wanted to show just this once."
The next day was even drearier and the only thing to be said in its favour was that it had the unreality of a nightmare. Archie woke him with incessant chatter, the rain dribbled, and in the sacred name of sport they were urged after rabbits over the Penge estate. Sometimes they shot the rabbits, sometimes missed them, sometimes they tried ferrets and nets. The rabbits needed keeping down and perhaps that was why the entertainment had been forced on them: there was a prudent strain in Victor. They returned to lunch and Sherlock thought to escape to his room for the afternoon, but Archie thought the company had better go after the bunnies again, and he was too depressed to refuse. The rain was now less, on the other hand the mist was thicker, the mud stickier, and towards tea time they lost a ferret. Dinner arrived at eight, but so did the politicians, and after dinner the drawing-room ceiling dripped into basins and saucers. Then to the Russet Room, the same weather, the same despair.
"Hmmmm," Molly nodded, distracted. "But Sherlock, won't the magnetic field arising from the inoson reactions heat the apparatus to an unusable degree?"
: Don’t be ridiculous. I talk to him constantly. I talk to him when he's not even in the same room as me.
"Curtains drawn, sir, nice air, nice day for the match," said Archie entering in some excitement with the tea. He looked at the head of black hair that was all the visitor showed. No answer came, and, disappointed of a morning chat, he gathered up the dinner-jacket and its appurtenances, and took them away to brush. Sherlock sat up and drank a cup of tea. His mind began to race. Had Archie meant anything by "Curtains drawn, sir"? Did he suspect?
"Play for me," the creature said. "I'd love to hear you, to hear something--human. Please, Sherlock?"
But the creature was speaking. "I'm -- I'm not proud of this, but I'm. I'm terrified. Utterly. I can't -- I can't look at myself and not see myself. I think I'm going mad."
"Please," Sherlock amended. "I'd like to see what they've done to you. It will help me to formulate arguments to my brother on why these barbaric procedures must stop."
Sherlock hit it sooner than he expected—a most awful whack—and exclaimed "Oh damnation" loudly, while the panels quivered.
Trevor refused; he said, "A movement isn't like a separate piece—you can't repeat it"—an unintelligible excuse, Sherlock thought, but apparently acceptable. He played the Largo instead, which was far from jolly, and then eleven struck and Sinclare poured out some whiskey. He and Trevor were in for the same examination, and talked shop, while Sherlock listened and watched. His shock had never ceased. He saw that Trevor was not only clever, but had a tranquil and orderly brain. He knew what he wanted to read, where he was weak, and how far the officials could help him. He had neither blind faith in tutors and lectures, nor the contempt professed by fellows like Wilkes. "You can always learn something from an older man, even if he hasn't read the latest Germans," he was telling Sinclare. They argued a little about Sophocles, then in low water Trevor said it was a pose in "us undergraduates" to ignore him and advised Sinclare to re-read the Ajax with his eye on the characters rather than the author; he would learn more that way, both about Greek grammar and life.
The lights were out, except in Sinclare’s room. Twelve struck, then a quarter past. For a whole hour he might have been watching for Trevor. Presently there was a noise on the staircase and the neat little figure ran out with a gown round its throat and books in its hand. It was the moment for which he had waited, but he found himself strolling away. Trevor went to his rooms behind him. The opportunity was passing.
Their eyes locked. Sherlock felt he was beginning to get used to the strange dark pools of the alien's eyes. They were fascinating -- and beautiful.
When Sherlock arrived home from his dinner with Mycroft, there was a telegram waiting on his tray. His heart gave a great leap in his chest and he seized it with no little trepidation, almost trembling as he opened it.
Sherlock somewhat objected to the characterization of his love as base, but as this attitude accorded precisely with the formative advice his brother Mycroft had given him as a youth, Sherlock did not resist very much.
The problem was, Sherlock reflected, that he did rather miss the lips and hands. Other parts, as well, no matter how he strove not to—to say nothing of the firmness that had, on at least one occasion, made his circle just. Cocaine he found to be the perfect antidote to the strange state of emotional fulfillment tempered by intense physical and psychic dissatisfaction that Victor so often provoked in him. It was as if the drug allowed a more perfect separation of his brain from his body; it allowed each to be stimulated in an entirely different way. He had begun to obtain his own supply of the stuff shortly after coming to London, finding he required rather more than Victor was able to provide him with. By now, he was regularly injecting himself with a seven percent solution he concocted himself. It both pleased and calmed his body, while delighting and speeding his mind. More and more often, he found himself turning to his little vial. Often when he doped he imagined Mycroft cheering him on; Victor’s fingers pushing the plunger.
But John made no reply. It wasn't the opening he wanted. He pretended not to understand the allusion, and sneezed again. The roar echoed down vestibules, and his face, convulsed and distorted, took a sudden appearance of hunger.
"Where've my clothes gone?" He seemed dazed. "It's so late. I haven’t got a razor even, I didn't reckon staying the night. ... I ought—I got to catch a train at once or the lad’s will be thinking things."
And if it wasn't still raining! Wet morning after yesterday's downpour, wet on the roofs and the Museum, at home and on the greenwood. Controlling himself and choosing his words very carefully, Sherlock said, "This is just what I want to talk about. Why don't we arrange so as we do meet again?"
Victor disliked the form of the question. "No one. It was a—a sudden change in me. I cannot explain it. When I woke from my fever, I was different." He began to relate his experiences.
Sherlock was seated in his usual place, on the floor alongside the glass partition in Mycroft’s lab, watching John’s strange scales bristle and quiver in intoxicatingly beautiful patterns that Sherlock thought must denote acute mental distress. He did not mention his delight at the beauty to John, having learned from his previous experience that such would not be well received. His rapt observation was entirely covert.
"Did you ever dream you'd a friend, John?” Sherlock was dreamy, half conscious and half elsewhere. “Nothing else but just 'my friend', he trying to help you and you him. A friend," he repeated, sentimental suddenly. "Someone to last your whole life and you his, belonging to each other, body and soul. I suppose such a thing can't really happen outside sleep."
No more was said at the time, but Sherlock was free of a subject that — since that awkward conversation with Mycroft many years ago — he had never mentioned to any living soul. He hadn't known it could be mentioned, and when Cornwallis did so in the middle of class, a small breath of liberty touched him.
Some days later, he was able to pen a response: "Consider it forgotten." Letters distort even more quickly than silence. A terror seized Victor that something was going wrong with Sherlock. Knowing his mercurial temperament, he feared that he might do something rash,and just before his exam he got leave to run down to town. Sherlock lunched with him. It was horrible. Both were tired, and they had chosen a restaurant where they could not hear themselves speak. "I haven't enjoyed it," said Victor when he wished goodbye. Sherlock felt relieved. He had pretended to himself that he had enjoyed it, and thus increased his misery. They agreed that they would confine themselves to facts in their letters, and only write when anything was urgent. The emotional strain relaxed, and Sherlock, nearer to brain fever than he supposed, slept for a full day and night.
"Mmm, I'll be sure to take your professional opinion as a hired lacky under advisement," Sherlock said, stepping past him into the darkened hallway beyond.
Sherlock looked at him, aghast. “Friends? You know what the boys are like, Mycroft. Slow as slugs and dull to boot.” He did not add “cruel” and “violent” to his list of complaints, taking that as read. “Why on earth would I wish to spend a single second more than I must in their company?”
Things continued on in the manner for some time. Sherlock was not exactly content with his life, but he had moved into a little flat of his own in Montague Street and was developing his studies into an interesting and largely self-invented practice that he termed “the science of deduction.” Between that and time spent with Victor, he endured well enough--although no one could have said he thrived.
"Thank you, sir. It seems rather strange…" His voice was different in the dark and the out-of-doors: dreamy and musing.
Rapidly, Sherlock began to speak: "You're a medical doctor, so you have scientific training. Stop me if I lose you -- I don't expect to. Of the varieties of molecules identified in the interstellar medium, 84 are based on carbon while only eight are based on silicon. Of those eight compounds, four also include carbon within them. The cosmic abundance of carbon to silicon is roughly 10 to 1. This may suggest a greater variety of complex carbon compounds throughout the cosmos, providing less of a foundation on which to build silicon-based biologies, at least under the conditions prevalent on the surface of Earth.  However, it is my contention that silicon compounds may possibly be biologically useful under temperatures or pressures found on different terrestrial planets, either in conjunction with or in a role less directly analogous to carbon. Polysilanols, for example, are soluble in liquid nitrogen, suggesting that they could play a role in very low temperature biochemistry. There are others, as well, of course. The universe is infinite, and our understanding infinitesimal."
It had been an ordinary talk, he told himself, entirely ordinary. They’d been caught out just in time. He must cultivate a breeziness against their next meeting, lest he frighten Trevor away; lest he expose himself. He must not allow himself to feel too strongly. He must not begin to care.
When the appointed day arrived, Sherlock went down to Southampton to see the Normannia off. It was a ridiculous thing to do—useless, undignified, risky, and he had not the least intention of going when he left home. It was an action rooted less in conscious decision than in instinct. When suddenly the hunger that tormented him nightly came into the open and demanded its prey, he forgot everything except John’s face and body, and took the only means of seeing them. He did not want to speak to his lover or to hear his voice or to touch him—all that part was over—only to recapture his image before it vanished for ever. Poor wretched John! Who could blame him, how could he have acted differently? But oh, the wretchedness it was causing them both.
: Don’t be upset with him. Be upset with me. I shouldn’t have mentioned Tom. I understand that it’s… not the done thing.
He too was impersonal, but he had not got off the chair. His fingers remained on Victor's head, in his hair, but his mood had changed from anger to quiet concern. He was neither angry nor afraid, only desperate to understand.
"I'm pleased with it," admitted Sherlock. "Without friction, the plates will rotate freely more than a thousand times per minute on the primary impulse, as against a few minutes in the old type; and under load they are many thousands of times as sensitive."
“Well, well,” Mycroft said when he had heard all. “The situation is not as ominous as I feared. Such a man would be unlikely to bring public charge against you. Blackmail, of course, is another matter entirely, but we shall bide our time. It may be that we have nothing to fear.”
Mycroft sighed. “I did try to warn you,” he began. He was very angry with his brother’s idiocy and mule-headedness, but hid his emotion behind a facade of resignation. “Well, perhaps it's all for the best,” he said. “What do you want with a university degree? It won’t teach you anything you don’t already know—or can’t teach yourself in a week or two of applied effort, God knows. Waste of time for a mind like yours. Get into harness at once, hmm? Quite right to insult the Dean, as well.” (This last was sarcasm.) “And I assume you won’t apologize?”
Sherlock snorted. "You wouldn't care a jot for what you can learn from it if you weren't convinced it would give us a tactical advantage over the Russians in weapons development -- and consolidate your power over the Prime Minster."
"I thank you," Mycroft said into the painfully bright light, "and accept your word, on behalf of Earth. If you could inform us as to the technology and procedures used to return John Watson's consciousness to his own body, we shall consider this matter most peaceably and satisfactorily resolved."
"Hullo Sherlock, come in. Why this thusness?" he asked, a little annoyed, and not troubling to smile since his face was in shadow. "Good to see you back, hope you're better. Unluckily I'm a bit occupied, but the Russet Room's not. Come in and sleep here as before. So glad to see you."
She outlined for him, as nearly as she could, the exact position of the object she had seen, and he calculated rapidly.
He did not know what lay ahead. He was entering into a state that would only end with impotence or death. Victor had postponed it, but also, Victor had been the catalyst for it. It had been understood between them that their love, though including the body, should not gratify it, and the understanding had proceeded from Victor. He had been nearest to words on the first night at Penge, when he refused Sherlock's kiss. He had been quite right, too. Entirely right. Then had been framed the rule that brought the golden age of their happiness, and would have sufficed till death, had Sherlock not ruined it. In his despair, Sherlock could see only the perfect contentment of this half-imagined past, and the highest happiness he could dream was a return to it. As he sat in his laboratory working, he could not see the vast curve of his life, still less the shade of Mycroft sitting opposite: sitting alone and reconsidering, touched with an astonished sort of envy. Alone in his own study in Whitehall, Mycroft was wondering for the first time about the potential of the flesh to educate the spirit, as his had never been educated. Might the flesh even develop the sluggish heart and the slack mind against their will? He was suddenly, uncomfortably uncertain.
But John Watson had a temper, and it took more than a string of pretty words to assuage it. “Mr. Holmes,” he said, “You speak well. You speak like a gentleman. Your behaviour is something else entirely, as I have reason to know."
"You're beastly hard," blurted Sherlock, "you don't know what it is to have a mind in a mess, and it makes you very hard."
He stopped up in his room till dinner, fighting with ghosts he had loved. Could he persist in his new philosophy of entire restraint? Was it not his duty to do so, though body and soul would be—violated? With the world as it is, one must love or decay. How could he make that choice?
The creature’s scales rippled. “Am. Was. I don’t know. But I know you don’t mean to harm me. And you’re the only person who talks to me like a man. I—I missed it. I missed you.”
Every time his mind slowed down enough to reflect upon their situation, fear lanced through his veins. They would be very, very lucky if his plan worked out as promised.
"I've missed two lectures already," remarked Sherlock late the next morning. He and Trever were lazily smoking in bed. Sherlock could not stop touching his friend’s skin.
Sherlock smiled, his eyes crinkling with pleasure. It was unusual for him to have a scientific ally, and he felt unexpectedly relieved to have won her over.
Two floors below them, Gregory Lestrade heaved an aggrieved sigh and downed the last of his coffee.  He'd wondered how long it would take for Sherlock Holmes to receive his anonymous tipoff. His life, he reflected wryly, had just got a lot more complicated.
Wilkes’s rooms were at the end of a short passage; which since it contained no obstacle was unlighted, and visitors slid along the wall until they hit the door.
Mycroft clenched his jaw and said nothing. He never spoke to the creature -- not anymore. Caring was a luxury he could no longer afford.
: Things have been a bit of a mess for me for a long time, but I think they’re finally starting to make sense again. I’m really –
But the creature again shook its head in a strangely human gesture.  "I don't know why you would believe me, but by God you're the only person to really listen to me since this whole nightmare began. I must try to make you understand," the strange creature whispered. "I think I must be mad. My name is John Watson, and a Martian has stolen my body."
Sherlock nodded and took up his violin. The rest of the night was passed pleasantly in the communion of song.
: Sherlock, you need to sort this out with John. I can’t do it for you. Just – get yourself together and deal with it like the rest of us adults.
"Look at you fidget! I'll teach you to fidget." He wasn't angry any more, nor jealous. The British Museum had cured that. This was holiday, London with Sherlock, all troubles over, and he wanted to drowse and waste time, and tease and make love.
He spoke far more fluently than his level of comfort would have allowed, had he not spent the previous evening carefully selecting and rehearsing his words. Sherlock asked no questions: he only said, "I see, I see, I see," and Mycroft took him at his word. He examined him. The replies were satisfactory. They boy's memory was excellent and—so curious a fabric is the human—his intelligence was likely to surpass Mycroft’s own in maturity, a surface flicker growing to a mighty beacon. In the end he did ask one or two questions about sex, and they were specific and scientific in nature. Mycroft was much pleased.
Sherlock snorted. “I regard it as a point of pure scholarship. The Greeks, or most of them, were that way inclined, and to omit it is to omit the mainstay of Athenian society. You've read the Symposium?”
"I hear everything you say," said Sherlock thoughtfully, and continued in exactly the same tone: "Watson, why do you think it's 'natural' to care both for women and men? You wrote so in your letter. It isn't natural for me. I have really got to think that 'natural' only means oneself."
Sherlock, however, felt a stab of sudden panic. "John?" he cried abruptly, rising swiftly and scanning the cluster of prone bodies now stirring on the ground where they fell. "John?"
"We must wade this," he said. "We can't go round or we shall never get anywhere. Sherlock, look—we must keep in a bee line south."
"Even so." Sherlock took careful notes on his clipboard. "One never knows which piece of data could turn out to be vital."
Molly sighed and turned back to her station. Sherlock was quite correct, of course -- the results were nonsensical in the extreme, and suggested nothing more than the fact that her instrumentation had failed. Still, she knew better than to disturb a Holmes brother in thought.
A familiar clatter in the hall made the maintenance men pause their conversation. Sherlock Holmes, self-proclaimed "consulting xenophysicist," rushed past them without a glance. He had a reputation for ill temper, and they knew better than to get in his way. As soon as he'd disappeared around the corner, they relaxed against the wall, relighting their cigarettes.
"I play," he said rapidly, removing a violin from the case and placing it carefully under his chin. As he tuned the instrument, he babbled. "I know it's not the same as experiencing the outside world, but perhaps it will be better than nothing. I haven't played for an audience in -- in many years. You'll excuse me, I know, if I overstep or play too shabbily."
“Well—are you?” Sherlock’s vertiginous feeling of bewilderment returned. Victor’s behaviour was inconsistent; he could make neither heads nor tails of it.
"Pluck be damned," said Sherlock, tugging John into a corner. He bent down and kissed him. For long minutes, they were insensible to their surroundings, knowing only the imperative of their bodies to be together, close as possible and closer, even, than that.
"Listen,” Sherlock said suddenly, earnestly. “I'm glad you wrote to me the second time. I liked both your letters. I'm not offended—you've never done anything wrong. I'll tell you straight out I enjoyed being with you, if that's the trouble. Is it? I want you to tell me. I just don't know."
The creature growled, slammed his fist once more into the glass, and retreated to the back of his chamber where it hunched down, hiding as much of itself as it could from view. He refused to speak to Sherlock again for the rest of that night.
There was a sudden crack -- like thunder, but less organic, more machine-like -- and the eerie red alien light flashed blindingly. Sherlock, along with all the other humans, pressed his hands to his eyes in agony, the sensory input too vast, too
"No, one can't," agreed Sherlock, speaking with difficulty and with the sense that he had lost his bearings. He felt relief when Archie finally left him in peace, but it was overshadowed by the thought of the happy Trevors and the breakfast table. As he dressed, the trickle of discomfort gathered force. Though not a dandy, he had the suburban gentleman's usual show of toilet appliances, and they all seemed alien. Then the gong boomed, and just as he was going down to breakfast he saw a flake of mud close to the window sill. Watson had been careful, but not careful enough. His head spun. He was headachy and faint when, clothed all in white, he at last descended to take his place in society.
"Alright," he said, his voice sounding strangely gentle in his ears. "In that case, John, I'm going to tell you what
John was on the ground. He'd apparently been crawling towards the glass partition when he'd lost all strength and collapsed.
They sat on a grassy embankment. Above them the waters of a dyke moved imperceptibly, and reflected interminable willow trees. Man, who had created the whole landscape, was nowhere to be seen. They ate what little food they’d brought, and drank a bottle of blanc-de-blanc between them, before drugging again and lying back in the grass, contented and euphoric. Trevor was asleep in ten minutes, but Sherlock couldn’t fathom giving up this feeling of utter contentment for unconsciousness, and lay up by the water, smoking. A farmer's cart appeared, and it did occur to him to ask which county they were in. But he said nothing, nor did the farmer appear to notice him. When Trevor awoke it was past three. "We shall want some tea soon," was his contribution.
Sherlock looked at him with some friendliness, and they entered the building. As they did so, John raised his head and sneezed like a lion.
"Oh, for heaven's sake!" Sherlock exclaimed. "Do you wish for my help? Or shall I leave? Don't waste my time with this ridiculous shilly-shallying. I must see it. I must!" He all but stamped his foot.
Sherlock approached this most dangerous day without any plan at all. He did not inform Mycroft of the rendez-vous. It would have been prudent, perhaps, to have an ally, and yet he wished—he felt he must—face John alone. He had no expectation of what might happen, yet something kept rippling in his mind like muscles beneath a healthy skin. It was a new, strange sensation, entirely unfamiliar to him. When he saw John's face glowing through the dirty air his own tingled slightly, and he determined not to strike until (unless?) he was struck. "Here you are," he said, raising a pair of gloves to his hat. "This rain's the limit. Let's have a talk inside."
"Thank you, Molly. It was -- in all honesty, I wouldn't have thought of that precise combination without John's ideas on diametric refraction.
"Yesterday you cut chapel, four lectures, including my own translation class, and hall. You have done this sort of thing before. It's unnecessary to add impertinence, don't you think? Well? No reply? You will go down and inform your father of the reason. I shall inform him too. Until you write me a letter of apology, I shall not recommend your readmission to the college in October. Catch the twelve o'clock."
At his touch, so warm and alive and real, Sherlock loosed an involuntary sob. Watson started back in alarm and Sherlock’s eyes were wet, but Sherlock pulled him inexorably down once more.
?" Sherlock breathed, utterly stymied. How could anything -- anyone -- not want to look upon such a fascinating collection of oddities and impossibilities? He himself was rapt before it. Imagine -- imagine existing inside such a body!
Sherlock laughed. “I believe I have heard that advice before.” He was suddenly feeling very well. Very well indeed. He supposed it was the cocaine. "Listen, Vic. I want to say this. I need to tell you. I have always been like the Greeks. I have always known it."
Mycroft nodded. “I stand by that advice as both prudent and wise in a general sense. In your particular case, however, it has caused harm. I have seen it in your misery these past years. I have thought long and hard upon the matter, and have concluded that my advice to you was ill-judged, given your particular constitution and sensibilities. I apologize that I did not foresee it. I cannot give my blessing to this endeavour with Watson, exactly, but I shall do what I can for you. I am not without resources. I would only see you happy, Sherlock.”
“This has been a serious business, hasn’t it? And no need for it after all.” John’s eyes crinkled when he smiled, and Sherlock was instantly captivated.
On this occasion, Mycroft had come down to Winchester with the express desire to have a "good talk" with Sherlock. The headmaster had requested this as a special favour, following several subtle yet concerning reports about some of the the boy’s stranger and more misanthropic tendencies. Knowing that Holmes
Sherlock felt utter vertigo. He was a child again; he was back in the smoking-room at home with Victor; he was in Mycroft’s study; he was kissing John; he was spinning; his mind was chaos.
“Listen, are you quite sure it’s finished with Trevor?” John asked roughly against his mouth when they finally broke apart. “I couldn’t bear to think of you with him.”
"I'll lock it." As he did so, the feeling of awkwardness returned. Was this how he kept to his resolutions? And yet, he could not resist the temptation waiting for him in his bed; could not force himself away.
“Ah,” Mycroft said, mind racing. He needed to buy some time. “What makes you think I have a creature of any sort?”
Slowly, the creature pulled itself up and shuffled closer to the glass. When it arrived at the transparent barrier that comprised its prison, it stopped and turned around, facing the rear of the chamber. The sounds it made grew muted, but did not cease. Tiny waves, almost liquid, ran over its skin in rhythm with its -- respirations? It hadn't sounded like this before. Looking more closely, Sherlock realized that what had seemed smooth from a distance was in reality a network of closely interlocking scales, so tiny as to be nearly indistinguishable to the naked human eye. Scales? What
Mycroft sighed and glanced at his watch. The project was already running grievously behind schedule. How often, he wondered, would he be called upon to deliver these platitudes? He had known that Lestrade would take some finessing, but had not thought his brother would demand such reassurance. And the Prime Minister would not accept further delays.
“Sherlock?” She spoke again, louder this time, and determined not to leave him alone with his thoughts. “I want to help the creature – Dr. Watson, I mean – too, but I’ve no idea where to start. Let’s work together –something! Where can we start? We can't just sit here and twiddle our thumbs!"
He snorted. "That's only because the vast majority of people are idiots -- not least of all, my brother." He eyed Molly speculatively. "So what's he up to? What are these tests and procedures John spoke of? What are they doing that hurts him so?"
Sherlock knelt beside him. The tension in John’s body was obvious. His face was screwed up; his hands clenched where they lay on the ground beside him, and his shoulders were drawn up around his ears.
John laughed cynically and continued to dress. "You talk like someone who's never had to earn his living," he said, “someone who’s never gone hungry. I won’t be a servant my whole life, Sherlock. I won’t do it. I can make something of myself in India. I can become someone, same as you are. It’s a pity the ship leaves so soon, but we must face up to reality.”
"Nothing. Nothing at all. I keep telling you! Just like I told them. You have to believe me!" His voice was rising in panic once more, and Sherlock raised a soothing hand.
"I want to try to maximise your memory via visual stimulation. Try to visualize what you saw. Can you picture it? The street? The cafe? As much detail as you can!"
Sherlock groaned and pulled at his hair. He then spoke rapidly: "I received an anonymous tip through my janitorial information network that my brother is working on something--big. Having seen facility notes on the situation, I now require firsthand experience of the, er, specimen in question. Given that there is an 87.3% chance that one of you two is in fact the anonymous source" -- here, Greg shifted slightly on his feet and Sherlock shot him a sharp glance -- "I'd suggest you pull yourselves together and
"Oh, yes? And how bloody long do you imagine it would last before the law sat up and took notice? The police are your bread and butter, Sherlock! What about your job?”
John stood brooding for a moment. "Tomorrow's Thursday, isn't it? Friday's the packing, Saturday the Normannia sails from Southampton."
The station was five miles on. When they reached it the sun was low, and they were not back in Oxford till after hall. All this last part of the day was perfect. The train, for some unknown reason, was full, and they sat close together, talking quietly under the hubbub, and smiling. When they parted it was in the ordinary way: neither had an impulse to say anything special. The whole day had been ordinary. Yet it had never come before to either of them, nor was it to be repeated.
: Everyone hates my flat. There is absolutely nothing to like about my flat. Why do you think I’m always at Baker Street?
Sherlock was silent for a moment. “Homosexuals, you mean.” He’d heard the word in schoolyard taunts and whispers.
Mycroft removed his hands from his ears and shakily stood. He nodded his head. Behind him, the door to the building swung open and Lestrade stepped out guiding the manacled human body of John Watson. He half-dragged, half-carried the limp body into the circle of light. Meanwhile, Molly Hooper wheeled out a great mass covered in a thin blanket and lying on a gurney--the alien Traveller Tryoquatt Erklits. She halted beside John Watson's body.
He rubbed his eyes. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d slept. He’d need to soon, he knew, but it could wait a little longer. God knew, the creature wouldn’t live much longer regardless of his interventions. It was a kindness, perhaps.
“Oh, your Mr Trevor's engaged to be married," he remarked thoughtlessly after a time, without looking up from the society page. "I will tell you the name of the lady: Anne Woods, daughter of Sir H. Woods. Hum! Not a terrible match."
Sherlock wasn't gone when she returned, of course. She hadn't really imagined that he would be -- not with a case like this on offer. He pounced on her the instant she set foot through the door.
vital, even. The desire was the same: to consume, and by consuming, to know. Physically, intellectually, scientifically, sexually – there was little enough difference, when it came right down to it, but he’d never experienced the heady merger of all forms of desire at once before. Recognizing the impulse for the insanity it was – knowing what it might look like – knowing, even, what the consequences could be – Sherlock acknowledged to himself that he wanted John Watson in every way that a person could want. He stared helplessly at his notebook, at a loss for words. He’d learned how to penetrate the creature’s skin, and science hadn’t had a thing to do with it.
The blossoms opposite disappeared and reappeared, and again Victor felt that his friend, swaying to and fro in front of them, was essential night. A voice said, "Tell me, shall I tell her this? I'm in love with your gamekeeper"—a remark so unexpected and meaningless to him that he said, "Who?" and blinked stupidly.
When Sherlock next entered the creature's lab, it was 48 hours later and he hadn't slept a wink nor had he consumed more than a cupful of milky tea and a couple of biscuits (on Molly's insistence). His entire existence, mind and body, were focused, laser-like, on the vital work he had to perform if he had a chance of saving John Watson. For all his confident words to Molly, he knew that the likelihood of success was vanishingly small. He'd never admit it in front of Anderson, but he knew his theories were untested and his equipment a Frankensteinian amalgamation of parts scavenged from various contacts and Mycroft's rubbish bins.
"Just leave it, will you? You've never done anything to be ashamed of, yet. Keep it that way, my dear friend. Please. Think of me. Think of our futures."
Lestrade shook his head in wonder. "Now, hang on, Sherlock. You know I can't open up Mr. Holmes's personal lab just... on your say-so. It's more than my--"
"You have two days to prepare. And Sherlock, please remember: you’ve brought this on yourself. We depart on Saturday."
Sherlock smiled and began to play. Thinking to provide a comforting soundscape for the agitated creature, he began with Chopin. Insipid, he'd always thought, but the effect the music had on the creature was immediate and profound. The strange movements of his scales stilled, and their colour began to level out into an opaque blue, shot through with a thread of deep purple so rich it almost appeared to glow. He played through several nocturnes, Massenet's "Meditation" from Thaïs, and some unfashionably early Debussy. Quite unexpectedly, Sherlock found himself enjoying this performance in a way he never had before: it felt as if the notes left his hands, his instrument, and landed on John almost like a touch, gentle and soothing. Watching John’s response, he adapted his own playing, tempo and tone. Gradually, there coalesced a tenuous feedback loop between them: music, colour, sound, and even – sensation.
Unable to part yet ignorant of what could next come, they strode raging through the last glimmering of the sordid day; night, ever one in her quality, came finally, and Sherlock recovered his self-control and could look at the new material that passion had gained for him. In a deserted square, against railings that encircled some trees, they came to a halt, and Sherlock cursed the cold drizzle.
Victor said, "I should have gone through life half awake if you'd had the decency to leave me alone. Awake intellectually, yes, and emotionally in a way; but here—" He pointed with his pipe stem to his heart; and both smiled. "Perhaps we woke up one another. I’d like to think that any way."
The Dean sent Sherlock down. Mr Cornwallis was not a severe official, and the boy was clearly brilliant when he chose to apply himself, but he could not overlook so gross a breach of discipline. "And why did you not stop when I called you, Holmes?" Sherlock made no answer, did not even look sorry. He had a smouldering eye, and Mr Cornwallis, though much annoyed, realized that he was confronted with a man. In a dead, bloodless way, he even guessed what had happened.
"Visual inspection," he chided himself under his breath. He was no green junior tech, he was Sherlock Holmes – the greatest consulting xenophysicist in the world! (Admittedly also the only one, but he knew himself to be extraordinarily brilliant, regardless.) He turned the full power of his observational faculties on the creature before him, taking careful notes all the while.
Sherlock strolled for another hour in the shrubbery. His encounter with Watson had heated him. He felt himself unaccountably drawn to the man, and knew that this was an early test of his resolve. What did it matter to him whether Watson’s eyes were cobalt or pewter or midnight blue? Why should the pleasing shape of his shoulder linger in Sherlock’s mind, or the timbre of his voice? It was nothing to him, nothing. He walked on. Ah, the lovely scents of nature, those bushes where you could hide, that sky as black as the bushes! They were turning away from him. Indoors was his place and there he'd moulder, a respectable pillar of society who has never had the chance to misbehave. The alley that he was pacing opened through a swing gate into the park, but the damp there might muddy his shoes, so he felt bound to return. As he turned he struck against corduroys, and was held for a moment by both elbows; it was again Watson, for there was evidently no avoiding the man.
Victor flinched. "It’s late, Sherlock. Why are you here? I asked you not to come," he said, averting his eyes.
: I would so love to be of assistance, but I’m afraid I’m quite busy today and simply haven’t the time.
Sherlock arrived in the evening. He had travelled straight from the London flat he shared with Mycroft, and the change to Penge was immense. Victor had met him at the station and was with him in the brougham, but then so was a Mrs Sheepshanks, who had arrived by his train. Mrs Sheepshanks had a maid, following behind with her luggage and his in a cab, and he wondered whether he ought to have brought a servant too. The lodge gate was held by a little girl. Mrs Sheepshanks wished everyone curtsied. Victor trod on his foot when she said this, but he wasn't sure whether accidentally. He was sure of nothing. When they approached he mistook the back for the front, and prepared to open the door. Mrs Sheepshanks said, "Oh, but that's complimentary."
"Here he is, Sherlock!" Molly cried. "Right here--he covered almost half the visiplate! It was incredibly clear."
When he saw Sherlock, his entire body sagged back into the wall, all the tightness in his strange body seeming to disperse.
that parts of Mars might be up to 90% silica: reminiscent of the effect of hot spring water or steam coming into contact with volcanic rocks. Is this not an environment that is favorable to life? The silica may have been produced by the interaction of soil with acid vapors produced by volcanic activity in the presence of water. Based on Earth analogs, hydrothermal systems on Mars would be highly attractive for their potential for supporting the development and evolution of biological organisms."
fill a gap, sir?” a voice asked from nowhere. Sherlock started. It was the gamekeeper, Watson, peering over his shoulder.
, I suppose, but our work will be more efficient with your cooperation. Look in this mirror. Just look at yourself! This is you, man! You must believe the evidence of your own --" he winced. Were those even eyes? "You must believe the evidence!"
“The point is,” Mycorft resumed in his own voice, “that the ‘crown of life’ is not available to all of us.”
He had taken to sleeping badly during the past year, and knew as soon as he lay down that this would be a night of danger. The events of the last hour had excited him, and clashed against the certainties in his mind. How vivid, if complex, were his impressions, how the tangle of flowers and fruit wreathed his brain! Objects he had never seen, he could see tonight, though curtained in tightly. Ah to get out to them! Ah for darkness—not the darkness of a house which coops up a man among furniture, but the darkness where he can be free! Vain wish! Sherlock rose from his bed and drew the curtains and fell on his knees, leaning his chin upon the window sill and allowing the raindrops to sprinkle his hair. His tears mingled with the rain, his body sang with sorrow, and all was one.
"No, we won't." He pushed him away, then heaved, pulled him close, put forth violence, and embraced as if the world was ending. "You'll remember that anyway." He got out and looked down out of the grayness, his arms hanging empty. It was as if he wished to be remembered thus.
He leapt into the viewing station and pulled the visiplate towards himself. “No trace of chromatic, spherical, or astigmatic aberration," he reported in surprise. "The refracting system is invisible--it seems as though nothing intervenes between the eye and the object."
"No—no. I hadn't guessed, not so much at least. You're all right, Sherlock." He did not change the subject but developed it into abstract and theoretical terms. "Look at that picture, for instance. I love it because, like the painter himself, I love the subject. I don't judge it with eyes of the normal man. There seem two roads for arriving at Beauty—one is in common, and all the world has reached Michelangelo by it, but the other is private to me and a few more. We come to him by both roads. On the other hand Greuze—his subject matter repels me. I can only get to him down one road. The rest of the world finds two."
Sherlock smiled, helplessly charmed. "Clarinet?" he murmured. "A criminally under-appreciated instrument."
Sherlock walked off in disgust. He filled a pipe with the tobacco that he had smoked for the last six years, and watched Romance wither. John was not a hero or god, but a man embedded in society like himself, and this journey to India would make him far happier than life in exile with Sherlock ever could.
At the 47-minute mark, Sherlock returned to the facility with an apparently human body in tow: weak and feeble, barely conscious. He sprinted to Mycroft’s office, but was summarily ejected by a firm Gregory Lestrade, who filled Sherlock in on the situation.
finished, gentlemen?" he asked, and there was a surprising (and utterly galling) tone of amusement in his voice. "We need to get Mr. Watson to medical immediately. We have no idea what the physiological ramifications of his recent misadventure might be, nor the after-effects of enduring such an ordeal."
Never having had a friend before, Sherlock had an overwhelming desire to impress Trevor. He wanted to show his friend that he had something to offer, and where formerly he would have kept silent he began to talk, talk. Always observant, he made wilder and wilder deductions about their fellows, running off strings of logic astonishing in their virtuosity. Very often Trevor made no reply and Sherlock would be terrified lest he was losing him and redouble his efforts. He had heard it said, "Trevor's all right as long as you amuse him, then he drops you," and feared lest by exhibiting what he thought of as his true, abhorrent nature he was bringing on what he tried to avoid. But he could not stop. The craving for notice grew overwhelming, so he talked, talked.
He shivered as he came to the end of the song. In the charged silence, the creature closed its eyes and sighed deeply.
A nature such as Sherlock Holmes’s can appear insensitive. It has been trained to believe that emotion is unnatural, and to resist the invader. Once gripped, it feels acutely, and its sensations in love are particularly profound. Given time, it can know and impart ecstasy; given time, it can sink to the heart of Hell. Thus it was that Sherlock’s agony began as regret; sleepless nights and lonely days must intensify it into a frenzy that consumed him. It worked inwards, till it touched the root whence body and soul both spring, the "I" that he had been taught to obscure, and, realized at last, doubled its power and grew superhuman. For it might have been joy. New worlds broke loose in him at this, and he saw from the vastness of the ruin what pleasure he had lost, what communion. They did not speak again for two days. Trevor would have made it longer, but most of their friends were now in common, and they were bound to meet. Realizing this, he wrote Sherlock an icy note suggesting that it would be a public convenience if they behaved as if nothing had happened. He added, "I shall be obliged if you will not mention your criminal morbidity to anyone else, lest it impugn me by association. I am sure you will do this from the sensible way in which you conduct yourself, generally."
"It occurs to me that inoson might have other applications as a visualizer if we run it through a series of astron energy protocols. It may be possible to install a very complete fifth-order projector right here in the lab--or rather, on the roof above the lab--that would allow us to scan for energy discrepancies. It would require a very particular lens array..." He broke off, staring into space.
Mr. West looked startled but made a very wise decision in not arguing. The nurse stood in the door way now.
On Friday night Sherlock was surprised when, instead of waiting until midnight, at quarter past eleven John slid to his knees and shoved his way between Sherlock’s legs.
When John disappeared with her up the stairs at nine Sherlock took the opportunity to examine the flat.
Fifteen minutes had passed before Sherlock reappeared in the living room. He cast a quick glance at John, face sheepish, before walking back to his chair.
Taylor nodded. “Yes… sorta.” Her hand subconsciously traveled to her elbow as she said it. June hadn’t been fond of the drugs.
“Well you’ll need to get used to it.” Sherlock told him bluntly. He softened the messaged by kissing John’s temple. “Unless we hire a nanny, you’ll have to stay behind sometimes.”
Willa, being her precious and precocious self, pointed at the menu. “I want the prawns.” She declared.
Harry didn’t like the way the text sounded, it was odd of her to ask for anything other than pictures from every visit and copies of the ones John bothered to email her. Harry didn’t mind doing that because she knew how stubborn and pigheaded John could be. If he perceived that he’d been wronged by you it was entirely in his character to pretend you didn’t exist, Harry suspected the only reason he’d never disowned her was simply because they were the last of their family. Without her he would have no relations, other than Willa of course, and John was always sentimental.
Two colorful drawings on the refrigerator, a stack of primary colored plastic cups sat in the sink waiting to be washed and there were black pen marks climbing a door frame. Three small jackets of varying weights hung on the coat tree with John’s. An orange stuffed cat was half pushed down into the back of the sofa and several small toys had disappeared beneath it. A bin of Legos sat on one of the lower book shelves along with dozens of children’s books.
I know I said this was the last chapter but I couldn't do all I wanted in one go so this is the SECOND to last chapter. I'm posting the final chapter as well, since I've already written it out.
Sherlock let out a guttural growl and stepped forward raising the rod but Hadeon’s attentions were fixed on John.
Harry shrugged and played with the hem of her shirt. “Two stitches, not much damage. Head wounds bleed a lot.” She told them and idly rubbed at a dried spot of blood on her blouse. She hoped it was her blood, she hadn’t seen what they’d done to Willa.
“Sir,” Jessica called as she pushed open the door to Mycroft’s office just a crack. She hadn’t knocked but everyone knew the fastest way to find oneself unemployed was by barging into his office without an invitation.
He looked tired, or rather downright exhausted as if he hadn’t slept properly in months (or years). His black hair was longer than John had ever seen it and the curls were squashed on one side and unruly on the other. The lack of product or styling was alarming but John realized Sherlock probably hadn’t had time for his grooming routine wherever he’d been. There wasn’t a lick of grey embedded in the ebony locks and John subconsciously ran a hand through his own hair, not missing how Sherlock’s eyes flickered up to it.
When their cases began attracting attention Irene had tethered herself to Europe, listening as big bad men bent one by one under Mummy Mary’s demands. Most of those men came to her because, as horrible as it was criminality was still such a misogynistic field, the men who willingly bent under Mary wanted to be bent under Irene as well.
Mycroft sighed but the skin around his eyes softened. “The marriage was annulled seven months after you left. Mary is in the wind, not even I can find her. John had asked if he and the child could move back to Baker Street once the marriage dissolved. A request I could hardly deny him.”
John was not looking forward to his trainings. The scheduling of them meant he had to leave the afternoon before they even started and he hated having to be away any longer than necessary.
“But,” Mycroft confessed, “I have received information that suggests Harriet may know more about this situation than we’d first believed.”
Sherlock moved down to his neck, paying special attention to the spaces between his vertebrae. He nipped and sucked along John’s right shoulder hard enough in some places to leave marks. When he traveled along his left Sherlock immediately dropped down to the gunshot wound. He spent a long time there tracing the scar with his tongue, whirling it around in the center where the most scar tissue sat. John bit down on the urge to shiver. Anytime John had his shirt off Sherlock was drawn to the scar like a moth to the flame constantly kissing and touching it.
Seconds later Willa rounded the corner carrying her hair brush and plastic box of hair ties. “Papa, will you do my hair?”
A desk with a new computer was placed by the window and two brown leather high back chairs were placed near to the fire place. The small table between the chairs already boasted a notepad and a cup of pens.
John sighed. “Yes, it was, but we’ve really got to be going now.” He grabbed hold of Sherlock’s arm and dragged him down the hall.
To anyone else this might not have been a big deal, adding someone’s name onto your child’s school forms, but for them this was huge.
By the time Sherlock emerged, his hair tamed into an image of its former self, John had settled everything.
Sherlock went back to the teasing, punishment for John’s audacity to muffle his cries. Until, again, without warning he pressed his tongue into the ring of muscle.
Thomas nodded in understanding. “Ah the things we do for kids.” She then held out the stack of files to him. “It’s fairly cut and dry though, dad definitely did it.”
It seemed she'd only been asleep a few minutes when Janine was roughly shaking her awake. Willa's eyes weren't as heavy this time and she blinked them open at Janine, it took her a moment to realize that room was much brighter than last time.
Hello, all! Just a quick note. If you haven't noticed I had to revise the previous chapter because I wrote the entire thing in the wrong tense. While it's fundamentally the same 500+ words magically appeared during the editing.
“There is plenty to do and the grounds are expansive, but of course, if you wish we never have to leave the suite.” Sherlock told him as they entered the hotel.
John considered the question as he took a bite of his salad. “Well that’s a bit complicated because you really usually only get stepparents if you already have two parents.”
You might notice that this chapter is a bit different than it was. It's fundamentally the same but muuuuch prettier.
“I never said I wasn’t interested in your cock. I said I had sufficient data on how it tasted.” Sherlock corrected.
“The mother?” John cried suddenly. “That’s why you were asking about how they managed his medicine while he was with her. She seemed so upset at the funeral though.”
Sherlock was mostly convinced he’d gotten all of the flour out of his hair. He would have been washing Willa's hair out for days if he hadn't covered it.
He’d never had the opportunity to watch her sleep like this. She rarely napped and when she did he was usually joining her, not taking the time to study her.
The night before he was to be sent home those same men appeared in his hospital room. He was threatened, not just with a dirty record but with his life, if he spoke to anyone about the missions they’d run.
"Aside from being a few thousand pounds short by dawn and having walked most of London, there's not much to see," Mycroft said finally after he realized Greg was waiting on him.
“Would you like to come see?” Sherlock asked bedding down to Willa’s height and tapping her nose. The news had put him in an extremely good mood.
“Willa was born less than a week after you left and I think that was a blessing. She filled my days and kept me too busy to worry about you properly. I think, though, that the first sign of something wrong was that if she knew I was home Mary never did a thing for Willa. Never cuddled her or played peek-a-boo when I was around, didn’t want to feed her or give her a bath. After Willa learned to smile socially it was always aimed at me, like she knew she never really had her mother’s attentions.” John continued.
They’d been at the restaurant with Aunt Harry for her birthday. Papa had let her order prawns and didn’t even complain when she hadn’t finished them. She remembered taking Aunt Harry’s hand to go to the bathroom but she couldn’t remember anything after that.
At first John hadn’t paid attention to what Sherlock had gotten on their little side trip to get Willa, he’d stayed in the car. Admittedly it took him two weeks to catch on to what Sherlock was up to.
“Right. She’s gorgeous but she couldn’t tell you the difference between George Orwell and George Gershwin.” Greer said as if that explained things.
John turned his head so Sherlock wouldn’t see him smile though he knew the other man knew anyway. Sherlock distinct vehemence against Santa made sense now. He’d seen photos of Sherlock as a child during one of his few interactions with his parents. He could imagine that small boy who was already so intelligent feeling upset and betrayed when his elder brother, who he’d worshipped at the time, told him everyone had been lying to him. He knew Sherlock well enough to know that that hurt would have carried in to the future.
“I’m quite aware of what I’m saying, John,” He said tersely, “but I’m still saying it. Will you meet us at the hospital?”
He marched back up to the car a stretcher with a body bag passed him, and he slowed down once again to take a deep breath. Surprisingly he found Mycroft leaned up against the car looking absorbed in his mobile once again, Greg knew his husband’s shams when he saw them.
Sherlock still looked unsure. “But I love you and everything I’ve done over the last six years was to protect you. I have never wanted to cross those lines.”
This was what got the other man’s eyes to open. “What is it?” He asked even though his eyes weren’t even focused yet, a response learned after years of constantly being on alert as a detective.
“She’d been dead the whole time.” John called to Sherlock as he showered that afternoon, finally having broken away from the police and there collecting of the body.
Sherlock’s head snapped up as the whole time he hadn’t stopped staring at the hair in his hand. He instinctively clutched it to his chest and shook his head. “No.”
“I’m sorry?” Aunt Harry asked, her voice had gone all high pitched, it made the hairs on the back of Willa’s neck stand up.
John found himself attempting Mycroft’s pseudo parenting technique the following morning. He quickly learned that the older man had indeed been correct. Willa might not have been Sherlock but she was exceptionally clever and John felt he wasn’t even being particularly biased in that opinion.
Sherlock, clearly doubting John’s competency as a doctor at this point, frown and asked, “are you sure?”
Janine stepped in front of her holding a silver foil packet and a bottle of water. When she held them out to Willa it took her a moment to realize she was being given her breakfast. Obediently she took it and managed only to wrinkle up her nose a bit when she realized that they were cherry pop-tarts.
Sherlock shook his head. “I don’t think he’s mad at me. We’ve got a case and one of our leads got away. John is upset about it.” He didn’t lie to her, finding Mary
Erik stared at the table as he spoke. “Noah’s diabetic but he’s got an insulin pump. All morning we were getting high blood sugar warnings so I thought that’s why he was complaining of a stomach ache. By the afternoon I figured the damn thing had to be broken because his sugar wasn’t going down so I finger tested him. I turned off the pump and gave him a bolus
Janine tried talking to her again after she’d rinsed out all the dye and scrubbed her head with shampoo that somehow managed to burn Willa’s eyes even though she’d never opened them. She was roughly scrubbing her hair with an old towel when she exclaimed, “oh look at that, you’ve got some curls.”
“No dear, I think John needs a partner. He’s got his village what with your brother, his husband, Molly, and myself but he needs someone closer to share all the intimate details of being a parent with.” She explained patting his hand gently.
After ten minutes of dozing, listening to John’s controlled breathing, Sherlock couldn’t take it any longer.
Small hands rested on Sherlock’s back before the pillow was snatched away. “I know you’re awake.” Willa told him leaning down so she was looking directly in his eyes.
He was restless being on his own. It was different than his few glorious moments of peace at Baker Street. There, no doubt the second he got bored then he could find Sherlock or Willa or even Mrs. Hudson to talk to. He was already texting Sherlock incessantly, there was no one else.
“You, love,” John said as he rolled onto his side with a great deal of theatrics, “now get to go pick up Willa from Mrs. Hudson’s.”
Willa was lying on the floor reading when John walked in. She held up her hand with the plaster. “I cut my hand.”
“Would you like to see the best part?” Sherlock asked sounding like a kid at Christmas. John worried momentarily about what he might consider the ‘best part’.
John wasn’t sure what to make of the sleeping together incident. It certainly made his argument to Mrs. Hudson that it wasn’t ‘like that’ invalid since they actually did sleep in the bed at the same time. It wasn’t that John minded. Sherlock wasn’t a bad bedmate. He didn’t steal the covers or roll into John’s space, in fact the only contact they’d had all night was the light pressure of Sherlock’s fingers between his shoulder blades.
Sherlock recoiled. John sighed again, softer and he reached out a hand and began rubbing small circles into Sherlock’s back.
John huffed out a laugh. “Not this time.” He couldn’t resist wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s neck and dragging him down for yet another hug.
John nodded. “I don’t want her to be a brat but I don’t want her to be teased for being poor… well poor in comparison to most of the children in her class.”
She was quiet for a little then and John growing frustrated with his wardrobe pulled open another drawer.
“In the meantime, you can have an ice lolly since your throat is sore.” John told Willa and she climbed off the table heading straight for the freezer.
Sherlock went into the bedroom and Willa was still asleep. He read through the file once again and nothing of interest jumped out at him so he resorted to the internet.
John rolled his eyes. “After your homework. You know you could finish it in five minutes if you would just do it.”
John shrugged. “I’ve got the day off and Willa’s at school. I thought I would do some Christmas shopping.”
Willa agreed to sleep in her own room and this time it was Sherlock who pretended not to notice when John gave her a slightly higher than normal dose of Benadryl before bed. They both stayed in her room until she fell asleep, neither of them really knowing who’s benefit it was for.
“You said it only gave us one bottle, that’s how vending machines work. So why did you say that?” Sherlock repeated and stopped walking.
The next morning Willa agreed to stay home with him. Sherlock wasn’t sure if she’d recognized his need to keep her with him or if she honestly wanted to stay.
“I love you too.” Sherlock said because even if he was annoyed at John right now he did truly love him.
Gregory nodded, more food having gone into his mouth. “They cut her hair it seems, I put an issue out to the rest of the yard about that.”
“At the time, he was my friend.” Sherlock agreed drawing John back to now. “You were right when you said you were filling in for it but I think you should know that you do a much better job at being my friend.”
He’d had already known a great deal about John. The man had never had any issue in walking from the shower wrapped only in a towel or a dressing gown. He’d also gotten used to changing in front of other’s, probably in the army, and frequently paid no mind to if Sherlock was in the room. Sherlock had stared whenever he knew John wasn’t paying attention.
Greg rolled the words around in his mind before deciding, “yeah, alright, I’ll come out. Text me the address?”
A world where he had just been another soldier suicide, a quickly forgotten reminder of the injustices of war. The Sherlock Holmes of that world would have certainly be dead by now as well.
“Playground. It’s definitely broken and she hit her head, lost consciousness so probably a concussion.” Sherlock explained.
Her door was open and from the hall Sherlock could tell there had been major changes made to the room. Centered above the white upholstered daybed was a soft pink crown that seemed very fitting for the girl. The rest of her furniture was excellent quality and made of matching white wood including the desk she clearly spent a great deal of time at.
“Fire took out just the top floor of an abandoned building, said it was intentionally set with an accelerant. Did some questioning and some of the neighbors reported seeing lights up there the past few nights, except there’s no power running to the building and there was nothing up there.”
The woman who walked in was gorgeous and probably about half his age. Greg was always somewhat amused by the fact that nearly every one of Mycroft's assistants were pretty women. The kind of women Greg wouldn't really mind having wait on him hand and foot. In the beginning, during the early stages of their courtship, he may have been a bit jealous and more than slightly suspicious of this fact. Over time he'd come to realize his darling husband would have little knowledge of what to do with a naked woman aside from handing her a coat.
Her face was better than anything Sherlock had ever seen up until this moment and there was absolutely no way he would ever say no to her. “Yes, of course. Willa I would be honored to become your Papa.” She made another squealing noise, right by his ear, but Sherlock didn’t mind. He hugged her closer to him.
After that, Greg had stood in the doorway intercepting officers and either answering their questions himself or directing them elsewhere. John truly wasn’t sure where they were being shooed off to, but the only important thing was that they were no longer near him.
Sherlock nodded and held out a hand. John was slowly pulling himself together, Lestrade’s voice having drawn him back from the pit of despair he had been crawling into.
John had been expecting it. Sherlock had been especially demonstrative with his affection for her that day.
He knew he couldn’t bring up Wolanski while Willa was awake because of the risk they might be overheard. He could, though, bring up the weekend. He still waited until she was upstairs playing before doing so.
John cursed at the dead air for a moment then he ran for the stairs and up to Willa’s room. He found Greg’s number first. It rang three times.
“After Mary I didn’t leave her alone with anyone until the summer after she turned two. One night Greg and Molly showed up at the flat.” John began not sure why he was telling him this. “Greg threatened to drag me out in cuffs and Molly kept reassuring me she was perfectly capable watching a sleeping toddler. I did go eventually but I spent the entire night worrying about Willa.”
Molly grinned happily at his attempt, taking it for what it was. “He is and big too. Of course that’s because he decided to stay in there until they evicted him.”
Harry left first, straight for a bar no doubt, followed by Molly and Aaron. Greg and Mycroft stayed just long enough to listen to Willa read them a chapter from one of the books they’d gifted her, Baron curled up in her lap as she read.
He felt Sherlock nod above him. “I wanted to make you pull over and fuck me in that ridiculous car.”
John was still awake when Sherlock got home though he tried very hard to make it look like he hadn’t been waiting.
Sherlock brushed by him and snatched the folder from his hand. “The universe is rarely so lazy.” He paused as if thinking of something. “Uhg, you should know that saying.”
“I promised him I would continue to look out for you and your family, that was his only request.” Mycroft explained, his tone almost soft.
He tried not to think very hard on that and forty-five minutes after her last visit to his office Jessica knocked again.
When John hooked his thumbs into the waistband, Sherlock lifted his hips without being told and John slid them down. They were halfway down Sherlock’s thighs when he got distracted. Sherlock’s cock was just like the rest of him, long and pale. John finally gave into the urge he’d had in the living room and licked a stripe from the base to the head.
“Normally we get the children several smaller items for Easter.” Mycroft explained, blocking the front door.
John went to shake his head but he realized that it wasn’t necessarily true, they had a very good idea who was behind everything. “Harry recognized Janine Hawkins and we’re fairly confident this is Mary’s reaction to the adoption.”
“Miss Watson became ill and extremely agitated around three this morning,” Jessica explained as she handed the paper to him. “We looked into it after it was noted in her chart and found she had received a phone call to her room moments prior.”
Willa looked up from the phone and cried. “Aunt Harry!” Sherlock skillfully saved his phone from meeting an unfortunate end by plucking it from Willa’s hands as she jumped up to give Harry a hug.
Adoption wasn’t such a bad idea. He’d been already considering how to legally designate Sherlock as her guardian after she’d fallen when he was away. John was certain Mycroft had pulled strings to give Sherlock the power to make decisions at the hospital and it was Sherlock’s own stubbornness that had forced the nurses into allowing him to stay with her.
Even if it went horribly between him and Sherlock he wouldn’t be able to keep Willa away from him permanently. Not after everything the man had done to keep her safe.
Sherlock stood off to the side when she came back out with her camera. He was impressed at the high ended digital she possessed.
Sherlock went to Willa and knelt in front of her. Gently he placed the kitten into her lap. “Alright open your eyes.”
*~* WARNING: Graphic Descriptions of murder and disfiguration of a child within this chapter. YE BE WARNED *~*
John had the decency to feel guilty. “It’s not that Sherlock.” He protested and Sherlock wondered if the hurt was visible on his face. “I just didn’t want you to worry about my money problems. I’m only here talking with Mycroft because he donated a significant amount of money to get her into this school, I don’t want it to look bad when I pull her out.”
John was sobbing, face buried in Sherlock’s shirt. Sherlock could feel him whispering the words over and over even though he couldn’t hear him. There were no words he could offer John now. Nothing he said would make this any better. Willa was missing, there was nothing he could do to change that and despite the fact that every part of him wanted to join John, to collapse with him in the filthy alley he knew that wasn’t an option. They couldn’t both break down at once.
Even though John reached the top floor first, Sherlock was the first to orient himself and went flying into the remains of the bathroom. John followed.
“Because I’m paranoid.” John said simply and walked over to him. He pulled Sherlock down by his collar and kissed him. “You knew that.”
Everyone had a bottle of beer in hand, including Mycroft and Molly, and were talking about everything and anything when Mrs. Hudson reappeared holding a beautifully wrapped box with a silver and pink bow on top.
John finished his own glass before speaking. “I’m not insulting your intelligence but I have to say it just so it’s been said. Willa comes first, she always has and always will for me, she’s the reason I agreed to get back together with Mary after she shot you.” John admitted, looking at his hands.
Once he was upstairs John cheated horribly. Sherlock knew he was being manipulated but continued to let it happen.
He didn’t disappear downstairs after Willa went to bed and that might have been what tipped John off. He emerged from the kitchen with glasses and a bottle of liquor.
That was how John found him hours later, curled up under the sheets with his head buried in the pillows.
“Will I need to tell you something.” He announced that night in the middle of dinner. Sherlock froze, fork paused halfway to his mouth.
“Sit down, Harry.” He snapped at her, she obeyed. “There are things you don’t know about. That you don’t need to know about but Janine taking Willa has nothing to do with whatever relationship she and Sherlock had over six years ago.”
There was a cardboard box that necessitated the size of the container. It was about 25 centimeters high and 20 wide. There was no description on the box or any other indications of what might be inside.
“And pictures,” Sherlock said as he took a piece of paper and waved it towards her. John couldn’t really see the paper but he saw enough to recognize some photos from Willa’s second birthday.
“If you got married, do you think Sherlock would want to adopt me?” Willa asked between bites of her ice cream.
“There’s my favorite girl!” Harry called and darted at Willa as she realized she had passed John’s inspection.
Sherlock could see Molly as a mother, she’d always had the personality to be great with children and Willa spoke highly of her.
After several moments the dry heaving finally stopped and Harry managed to crawl back into the bed. Hitting the call button, she allowed herself to sink back into the pillows and cry. Mostly for herself, she was dead either way now, so she was entitled to some self-pity. It was likely no one else was going to cry for her when the time finally came.
He was halfway out the door of Willa’s room after they both tucked her in when she called out. “Goodnight daddy, goodnight papa.”
Sherlock nodded and looked at the tag, it was from Willa. “Oh” he said not having expected a present from her.
Suddenly Harry knew there was someone a thousand times worse than John on the other end. Mary. She'd only ever spoken to the woman about five times during all the years of knowing her, but there was no doubt as to who it was.
Sherlock realized Thursday morning that it was John’s way of ensuring he slept at least six hours most nights.
John had definitely been living in the world of Sherlock Holmes for too long because not once did he blink at the fact that she was essentially returning from the dead. They’d been texting regularly ever since (it was so nice of someone in that house to text her back) and even met up a few times when Irene had news to give him.
They’d been downstairs for less than five minutes when the doorbell rang. Sherlock sunk down into his chair, he wanted to ignore it though no doubt it was a client.
“Willa is perfectly fine.” Sherlock answered before John could, having deciphered the meaning of her question first. “John is her father and has decided I will not be a negative influence on her.”
Sherlock glared at the computer screen as it seemed the loading bar refused to move, he made a note to tinker with the processor; clearly, something was wrong with it.
John pulled Sherlock back into his mouth. His free hand coming up to cup his balls, massaging them gently between his fingers. The sounds Sherlock was making were beautiful but obviously restrained. John wondered how he’d sound otherwise.
“Life changed, Sherlock.” John said as Sherlock lowered himself down on the edge of the bed. “I’ve got Willa, I’d hate being outside London and we’ve got Baron. Even if he is a tiny bastard.” He might have been on the wrong end of Baron’s claws once or twice.
“Well yeah.” John said wondering if Sherlock had been wrong, if Harry had been drinking earlier. “He’s fantastic with her and it’s actually really nice to have a second parent. I get why it’s usually done in pairs now.”
Mycroft sighed and quickly traced on the square tiles on the floor with his umbrella before glancing up at Greg. “Tell us everything and I will do my best to keep you alive,” he said after turning back to look at Harry.
The food was beyond excellent as was the wine Sherlock had asked for. John drank both glasses Sherlock poured him without argument and he managed, for the most part, not to think of Willa.
Even Baron joined, once they passed him in the hall. Baron had taken to following Willa around like a dog, preferring to be in the same room with her at all times.
The only word to describe Willa was feral. She was shrieking and struggling against Sherlock with her whole body. John couldn’t get anywhere near them because of how violently she was kicking.
Thank you all for following this story. Each and every kudo and comment means so much to me, you can't even understand.
It was only their third kiss but it was familiar and John realized he’d been craving it since their last. When Sherlock pulled away John fought the urge to haul him back down to him.
Sherlock lifted his head. “You two.” He stated, feeling particularly dense not a feeling he was used to. “Have been working together about Mary?”
Harry inhaled sharply, surprised at how accurately Mary had been at guess what she'd been up to. "He won't," she said even though she knew differently.
“Why?” Was all Sherlock asked and John stared at the back of his head incredulous to how the other man could sound so calm.
“Gregory that’s hardly -” Mycroft began only to be cut off once again, only this time it was by a hand held up by his husband.
Sherlock took the two toys and looked at them before putting them each in the charity bag. It was the second charity bag and there was a rubbish bag nearly full. Luckily they were almost finished, only having to go through her writing desk.This was good seeing as it was getting closer to bed and she still needed a wash, especially since she’d been crawling through dust.
John woke to someone looking down at him from his side of the bed. He nearly swung out at the person until he realized it was Sherlock.
Willa didn’t actually have to go but she also knew if she protested Daddy would get cross with her. So she stood and took the hand Aunt Harry held out for her. Willa frowned when she noticed they were sweaty.
John was surprisingly easy to spot, standing at military attention just outside the restaurant door. His face looked like it had been set in stone, jaw closed so tight Greg thought he could hear the bones crunching under the force.
She hummed and nodded before continuing to walk. Sherlock followed her closely, there was still enough people she could easily disappear from view.
Sherlock was counting them and he had created a list to hang on the door to John’s wing in his mind palace.
“Marie said this morning she and Kyle got two sodas instead of one on their way to school.” Willa explained slowly as if not sure what Sherlock was really asking.
Janine gave a half shrug before nodding toward the bathtub, “put them in there and then come out. I have water for you.”
Sherlock considered the other man. He was younger than John by a couple years so it was likely he’d been one of the men under John’s command. Sherlock was only slightly envious.
The pressure of the gun in his lower back was a constant reminder that no matter how wonderful everything felt just then, it was all just smoke and mirrors.
He could hear Mrs. Hudson puttering around on the other side, the clink of china as she no doubt put down her cup of tea to come answer.
“Since today seemed to go well are you able to watch her Wednesday and next week?” John inquired as they sat on the sofa in the evening. John was reading and Sherlock had curled up, nearly asleep when he posed the question.
Taylor shrugged. “Sandwiches mostly. She’d use her money to buy bread and jam to keep in her backpack. She said it was cheaper than buying burgers and stuff.”
During dinner (a reheated casserole) Willa and John talked easily to one another. John occasionally scolded her for talking with her mouth full or for wandering away from the table mid-meal but during other conversations he never once spoke down to her. They both sporadically asked Sherlock for an opinion on whatever subject they were discussing but they never pushed him to talk. Willa easily followed her father’s example and was never pushy or intrusive with her questions.
He’d done it to Sherlock once already but this was something entirely new for John, not even something that he’d experienced in university.
Mary sent presents between Christmas and Willa’s birthday every year and despite Mycroft’s best attempts they never learned how she did it. Extravagant dolls, an actual china tea set, and jewelry. All lovely but not things Willa cared about which assured both Mycroft and John that she didn’t have any real knowledge of her daughter. Every year as he ritually destroyed the objects John wondered if these were guilt trinkets. He wondered if Mary felt remorse for what she had done, for choosing her career over their daughter. It didn’t matter in the end because she would never get near Willa if John had any say in the matter.
Sherlock heaved a great sigh and threw up his arms in an extravagant gesture of defeat. “Fine I’ll keep quiet about it tomorrow.”
John and Sherlock exchanged glances, clearly having a silent debate as to whether or not a fire across the city was worth looking into.
“You don’t know how important meeting you that day was.” John said quietly just as Sherlock was about to fall asleep.
Sherlock groaned, frustrated, and stood. He paced a small circle in front of his chair. “Why does it matter?” He asked after a moment. “I’m more than happy to tend to her at night. Why does it matter?”
Once Janine had been content with her work, she grabbed the box of hair dye and started on that. It had smelt awful, and Willa had been forced to breathe through her mouth.
Sherlock got his list of cold cases from the police and spent the week solving as many as he could. The first day he solved five.
John ignored him in favor of focusing on continuing to clear his wounds of debris. At least it gave him something to do, something to focus on other than the world around him.
“Has she killed anyone?” Was John’s next question as he tried to ignore the small flicker of guilt when he realized he’d given her the opportunity to start again.
His happiness wasn’t fake, he’d never been happier than he was in this moment. Even at his ‘happiest’ with Mary, just after the wedding when they’d found out about their daughter, he’d never even come close to this. The closest he’d come was the feeling of those months with Sherlock before he jumped from the roof. But being with Sherlock, being his partner in every way, and watching him fully grow into being Willa’s papa was truly one of the best things he’d ever done.
Sherlock pulled her flush against his chest, breathing with John’s cou1nting and encouraging her to do the same.
“We’re putting the tree up this evening if you want to avoid the whole mess.” John offered as he shut his computer.
Sherlock kissed her forehead and finished tucking her in. He and John both always seemed to forget just how well she read people. Sherlock had never been that natural at it, he’d only perfected it as a means to further his abilities of deduction. For Willa it seemed almost a sixth sense.
The first search immediately yielded the leaked nude photographs. Sherlock scrolled by them, uninterested. It was unlikely she’d disappear out of shame after spending weeks enjoying the fame her scandal had leant her.
When Sherlock caught wind that his brother was in country he sent a message his way. Their paths had never crossed this closely in five years, Sherlock guessed that was the governments doing, and while Mycroft was not his first choice he was someone from his past.
"Yeah," Greg relented, "but it's not necessary since she's obviously doing just as much work as you are. I could have gotten it."
Willa managed to sit up this time, but her arms and legs still felt wobbly. Cole was back in the room, his lips were pulled together in a very thin line and he wouldn't look away from a spot on the wall. She only barely remembered the conversation from before, her sleepy head making it feel more like a dream than something that really happened. Whatever he'd agreed to do was making him very upset.
John sighed and only felt a little guilty when he called up the video monitor from Willa’s room. Sure enough Sherlock was now standing by the side of the bed, pulling the covers up under her chin and talking softly to her. He watched even after Sherlock left the room as she snuggled down into her bed.
She’d used his phone that night to look up what determined a person’s height. Not that she didn’t believe Daddy but he always said that sometimes even he got the answers wrong and it was good to double check. He hadn’t been wrong that time though.
“Hold on mate, save the introductions until Hayley and the pack get here.” Luke exclaimed before looking behind him.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, instantly regretting it. “Of course I do, I’m just not being a prat about it.”
A look of recognition and delight crept onto John’s face as the cab fought traffic to cross the Westminster Bridge and then turned left.
“That’s actually why we’re here instead of my house.” Molly continued. “Aaron is doing a bit of DIY on the nursery.”
It was only eleven when John stood in the doorway to the kitchen, shifting his weight between feet. “I have work in the morning.” He explained. “I’m not kicking you out Sherlock but I need to get to bed.”
“Yes, but first you need to clean up.” John turned to Mycroft. “I’m assuming there’s a washroom around here?”
“Give me the clip.” John repeated in the same low voice, turning his head to look at Sherlock. “I won’t have you running off to shoot someone without my permission.
He needed to see Mycroft but he didn’t want to alarm Sherlock, the last thing he wanted was for Sherlock to feel guilty about the state of his finances. The best way to accomplish both was switch shifts. Molly happily agreed to watch Willa on Saturday which left John free to switch shifts with Dr. Ramos who worked on the weekends.
“How does it feel to be old?” John teased his sister as they chose their seats. Willa insisted on sitting next to Harry, then it was John and finally Sherlock at the other end.
Mycroft looked completely surprised at the question but comprehension drew across his face. “Yes, Sherlock is alive at this moment and currently defying all expectations of him.”
John chuckled but kept his voice down. “Yes, you said she was before you gave her the allergy medicine, so of course she is now. Though I didn’t know it would work on you too.”
exist. Not his personality or being or whatever. His body is still somewhere and exists but the boy he was, the boy who played games with Willa is gone,
“Listen, I know but I need you to come right to me as soon as you figure out who this is,” She explained gesturing towards the bag.
“Exactly. She thought he’d just get a little sick and then she could take him to the doctor. Where she would whisper about her ex-husband and his carelessness in leaving his supplies around where the children could get at it.”
"I'm afraid I can't do that very well. I’ve a case on just now, coming to a crucial point. I can’t get away."
Sherlock stiffened and pulled back, his face falling into a neutral mask. "I'm sure I don't know what you mean."
One night, just before ten o'clock, Sherlock Holmes slipped into Magdalen and waited in the Great Court until the gates were shut behind him. Looking up, he noticed the night. He professed indifference to beauty as a rule, but "what a show of stars!" he thought. And how the fountain splashed when the chimes died away, and the gates and doors all over Oxford had been fastened up. Magdalen men were around him—all of enormous intellect and culture. Sherlock's Merton set liked to sneer at Magdalen, but they could not ignore its disdainful radiance, or deny the superiority it scarcely troubles to affirm. He had come to it without their knowledge on the invitation of a third-year he’d met at the Sheldonian who had been diverted by Sherlock’s acerbic analysis of the musicians and asked him ’round for drinks sometime. In truth, Sebastian Wilkes had envied Sherlock’s astonishing perspicacity, and thought to amuse himself by having the strange, pale man deduce his chums’ most shameful secrets. Sherlock was unused to society and unburdened by many—by any—friends. Since coming up he had adopted a haughty demeanor to mask his loneliness, but he was incapable of resisting such an invitation, regardless of the motives which he knew to be suspect. Reflexively remembering the promise he had made to his brother all those years ago, he drew himself up and went on.
," the strange voice boomed. "We have no wish to prolong our intercourse with your species, and we certainly will not provide your vastly inferior species with such dangerous technological abilities. Bring forth the bodies and let the procedure commence!"
Greg sighed. He knew it was true. He was conflicted about going behind Mycroft's back like this, but the man was being recklessly, dangerously stubborn. More than that, he was being uncharacteristically cruel, and Lestrade had reached the end of his tolerance. "Come on then," he said at last. "Mr. Holmes is out for the rest of the night. I can't let you in myself, but here, you can pickpocket me. It's a marvel you didn't in the first place. There. You'll have a few hours alone with it. But listen -- don't hurt it, will you? It needs --
"I know I'm dying," it said after a time. "And he's dying. We can't sustain the energy expenditures required to keep us in these bodies. But I haven't figured out how quickly our cell energy is extinguishing. It must be pretty slow."
Sherlock spoke without thinking, still feeling the warmth of Watson’s hands on him. “They--they tell me you’re emigrating?”
"Oh, poor chap!" His voice was bitter and unlike himself. “Have you been unhappy? Have you been upset? You don’t understand what my father would do to me, Sherlock. I cannot—”
"Come in," said a voice. Surprise awaited him—the speaker was a man of his own college, by name of Trevor. Wilkes was no where to be seen.
"Sorry? No. No, I’ve given off being sorry about anything at all, really, and it serves these people right. As long as they talk of the unspeakable vice of the Greeks they can't expect fair play. It served my father right when I slipped up to kiss you before dinner. He’d have me locked up he knew. And mother? She speaks endlessly of kindness and nobility, but she’d have no mercy if she knew. She wouldn't attempt, wouldn't want to attempt to understand that I feel to you as Pippa to her fiance, only far more nobly, far more deeply, body and soul, no starved medievalism of course, only a—a particular harmony of body and soul that I don't think women have even guessed. But you know."
"The wire I sent off this morning to your house, telling you..." He yawned, "Excuse me, I'm a bit tired, one thing and another … Telling you to come here without fail."
"Yes, awfully serious," remarked Sherlock, and rested his hand on John’s shoulder, so that his fingers touched the back of his neck, doing this merely because he wished to do it, not for another reason. “I thought you were trying to blackmail me, you know,” he murmured.
When Sherlock returned to the drawing-room he felt more comfortable than before. He walked up to Mrs Sheepshanks, opened his mouth before she could open hers, and was even moderately polite. He took his place in the absurd octet that was forming to go in—himself and Mrs Sheepshanks, Major Western and another woman, another man and Pippa, Victor and his mother and father. Mr. Trevor ignored Sherlock entirely, while the lady hazily apologized for the smallness of the party, and then joined her husband in a pleasant sort of indifference.
There was stilted conversation all through dinner about entirely inconsequential things, with the new Mrs. Trevor interjecting often. Sherlock could not warm to her—he would not—but he was grateful to her for smoothing things along. He could see that she would be a tremendous asset in his friend’s new political aspirations. At ten o’clock, Victor stirred himself. Rising, he called across the hall to the gamekeeper who had come in for orders, “Watson, the gentlemen'll shoot tomorrow—I'm sure I don't know what, but come round at half ten. Shall we turn in now?"
Sherlock suddenly came back to himself with a shudder. He sighed a sigh of grievous disappointment. "When have you ever known me to 'twiddle my thumbs,' Molly Hooper?"
"We mustn't fall asleep! Awkward if anyone came in," he continued, with a pleasant blurred laugh. Sherlock was ever more astonished. The man seemed to feel no regret at what they had done: no flush of shame marred his cheek; no fear shuttered his eyes. He wasn’t eager to depart; indeed, he seemed relaxed and—even happy!
Running the full length of the back of the lab was a floor-to-ceiling, transparent aluminium oxynitride window. He hesitated briefly before switching on the lamps in the observation chamber, as well.
It was so unlike the adamant, enraged, frantic personality he had met on the first day that he had to swallow a sound of distress.
"Don't allude to that," he flashed. Then he relapsed into intellectualism. "Sherlock—oh, I'm more sorry for you than I can possibly say, and I do, do beg you to resist the return of this obsession. It'll leave you for good if you do. Occupation, fresh air, your friends...."
All during this official and – Sherlock thought – officious speech, the light shining down on Mycroft Holmes intensified. As he finished speaking, a low hum filled the air.
In vain, Sherlock waited. In vain he paced and in vain he sighed. A week passed in vague feelings of hurt and neglect. Then a second in anger, and a third in fear. What could have happened? Why would Victor not write? He considered writing to Pippa, if only to assure himself of Victor’s health, but he immediately discarded the idea. Victor would certainly not approve of him showing his hand so blatantly. Sherlock turned, instead, to the faithful companionship of the cocaine vial.
When they came back to themselves, shaking and strangely exhausted, the alien presence was gone: the night sky clear of everything except a slim crescent moon and a million, billion stars. Their ears felt muffled in relative silence of the London streets.
It recalled to both of them the situation of a year back, but it was Victor who winced at the example now. "I hardly matters, now. John Watson is in point of fact no longer in my service or even in England. He sailed for India this very day. Go on though. I'm reconciled to reopening the subject if I can be of the least help."
Sherlock jumped up, rubbing his hands together in glee. "Molly, you're an angel! Here--" he tossed her a little key. "Cake with your coffee tonight. You know the cupboard where Mycroft hides the good stuff."
"I say, will you kiss me?" asked Sherlock, when the sparrows woke in the trees above them, and far out in the woods the ringdoves began to coo.
." A blunt message to be handed in through the local post-office! Presumably one of the Trevors’ houseservants had supplied his address, for the telegram was fully directed. A nice situation! At worst, it contained every promise of blackmail, at the best it was incredibly careless. Of course he shouldn't answer—Mycroft, for one, would never let him live it down. There could be no thought of another meeting. Despite all of this, and entirely against his will, Sherlock’s heart thumped hard with pleasure that John still thought of him. Ruthlessly, he pushed down his pleasure, his hope. This was a prelude to blackmail, surely. He must listen to sense. He could not trust his own mind in this matter, but must replace his own impulses with Mycroft’s rational advice.
Trevor came nearer. Sherlock stretched out a tentative hand and felt a grasp in return. He forgot what he was going to say. Trevor’s hand was warm in his. Very gently he stroked the hand and ran his fingers down in a caress.
Words deserted him immediately; his mind felt expansive and he collapsed at Trevor’s feet, wishing to feel his hands tangled up in his hair.
In that hope, he was mistaken. Sherlock remained as muddled and confused as he had ever been, and even work became impossible. He resolved to discuss the matter with his brother, whose intelligence and sense he grudgingly respected. Accordingly, he made a reservation at Simpson’s and sent an invitation to an extremely surprised Mycroft Holmes.
"No! No, Sherlock. That's not -- that's not what I meant. At all. I just meant that you're -- you're brilliant. Your talents are extraordinary. I should have known you'd be a musician, as well."
"Some men mask them—your Mr. Blakely, for instance, strikes me as just such a one—and some ignore them, yes. England has always been disinclined to accept human nature," Mycroft concluded. “Given the risks and the consequences, it is both wise and expedient for men like us to take a wife.” This was the essence of Mycroft’s message that day: to conform. To conform! His heart suddenly ached, and he had to quell the impulse to put a hand on the boy’s shoulder. He looked down at Sherlock to see that he understood, but he was staring fixedly at the ground. Mycroft sighed and went on. “It mayn’t be as terrible as all that, brother. You may, as I hope to do, find a sympathetic woman who requires the protection of marriage just as much as you do. In such a case, your arrangement will be mutually beneficial. Think of all the brilliant work you will be able to do in your life, with that protection! Here, this day ten years hence—I invite you and your wife to dinner with my wife and me. We will make a merry party, I promise you. Will you accept?"
Sherlock took a deep breath. “All right? Is everyone ready?” The countdown clock showed that there remained scant minutes until their window opened.
"Yes, but we must go a long way," said Trevor, lighting another cigarette. "We must go where no one can find us. Let's get right outside it ever so far and bathe. I can work as we go along—Oh damnation!"— for there were steps on the stairs. Sinclare knocked and called in, asking for a lift, but Sherlock cursed so volubly that he departed with a few choice words of his own.
"When you look at me. What do you see? I can see my arms and legs, and – body. I know I've become something... Something different. But I don't know what I look like. Not really. When – When you look at me like that that, Mr. Holmes, you don't seem disgusted or terrified, like the others do. So I ask you again: what do you see?"
: I’m going to kill him, Greg. I’m going to murder him in cold blood. You’ll have to arrest me, and this is my confession.
Sixty minutes passed in a heartbeat. Calling for his brother, Mycroft discovered his absence and, at Molly’s insistence, sent a full retrieval team to the coordinates she provided with instructions to return Sherlock and his ‘guest’ to the facility immediately. As much as Mycroft disliked taking orders (and even, truth be told, suggestions), he was a fundamentally pragmatic man. He knew had had no hope of resisting the might of alien technology. He ordered the captive creature be brought up to the surface level, in preparation for making the exchange. It appeared to have lost consciousness several hours ago. Any security risk it represented was more than balanced out by the threat of extra-terrestrial invasion.
Then Trevor took a great, shuddering breath and stretched up to him, stroked his hair with a shaking hand. They clasped one another; embraced. They were lying breast against breast soon, head was on shoulder. The sensation of Trevor’s warm body against his own was a burning, shameful, joyful thing. They were so close, so close Sherlock could feel his very breath. He closed his eyes. Moved closer. Just as their lips met, someone called "Trevor!" from the court. Both started violently. He answered: he always answered when people called. Immediately, Trevor sprang to the mantelpiece where he leant his head on his arm. Absurd, hateful people came thundering up the stairs. They wanted tea. Sherlock pointed to it, furious, and mutely watched his friend's hurried departure.
Against his better judgment, Sherlock resolved to go. His restlessness of spirit was growing intolerable; he sometimes felt quite mad with it. He had instances of shaking, times when he could not catch his breath; he couldn’t sleep or eat—and Mycroft had begun to notice. The idea of taking himself off for a time held great appeal, and so he overruled his brother’s objections and began to make his preparations.
Sherlock looked down at his hands, avoiding John’s strange eyes. “I suppose there’s something you should know about me, as well.” He slid down to the ground beside the glass partition, unconsciously resuming the position he’d been in during their last conversation. “I’m not good at this, John.” He gestured vaguely between them. “I have been reliably and repeatedly informed that I am robotic in my emotions and freakish in the way I express them. I say the wrong things. I hurt people. Always. And most of the time I don’t even know
They sat down again on the bench. “I never supposed you to be naturally inclined towards marriage. Your impulses, I suspect, tend the same way as mine. We are alike in so many ways. People like you—people like us—must learn caution if we want to get anywhere in life. We must learn to tame our baser impulses, to keep them always subordinate to our Reason. I have learned to do this. You will, too. Marriage is a matter quite separate. It is a shield. Caring, Sherlock, is not an advantage.”
They were silent again. Then Sherlock said in affectionate and decided tones, "You’re right. To Hell with it," and they passed on together in the rain.
Lecky it was, but on returning to his room Sherlock’s mind proved unequal, and after a few minutes he threw it on the bed and began to brood. In the dreariness of Penge his purpose grew stronger. Life had proved a blind alley, with a muck heap at the end of it, and he must cut back and start again. Farewell, beauty and warmth. Farewell, love and happiness. They ended in muck and must go. Thoughts of Victor. Thoughts of any dashing you man—of that Watson fellow, God help him!—all must go. Drawing the curtains, he gazed long into the rain, and sighed, and struck his own face, and bit his own lips until he tasted blood.
She glanced at his face with a sudden sharpness, then said, "Wouldn't you like to see your room?—Archie, take Mr Holmes to the Russet Room."
During the months that followed, Sherlock and Victor had as much happiness as they believed men under that star can expect. They were affectionate and consistent by nature, and, thanks to Victor, extremely cautious of their safety. They agreed to abstain from avowals ("we have said everything") and almost from caresses. Their happiness was to be together; and if they felt dissatisfied with their arrangement or if some fear or jealousy or secret shame overtook them, they had their ways of making such moments bearable—a substance still provided by an eager and well-connected Sebastian Wilkes. So they proceeded outwardly like other men. Society received them, as she receives thousands like them. Behind Society slumbered the Law. Sherlock stayed in London with Mycroft and began to dabble a little in the twin sciences of deduction and detection. Victor worked for the bar. They met regularly and loved well, but their love was almost purely of the mind.
Trevor helped Sherlock pack, and saw him off. He said little, lest he depressed his friend, who was still in the heroics, but he was greatly shaken. He had plunged into the ill-advised affair with Holmes, such as it had been, in a torment of desperation and terror. It was his last term, for his father would certainly not let him stay up a fourth year, which meant that he and Sherlock would never meet in Oxford again. He could not conceive of their meeting anywhere else. He wished that Sherlock had not taken up a such a public line with the Dean, but it was too late now. Perhaps it had been for the best. It could only ever end in disaster, after all, and this was a less disastrous ending than it might have been. Imagine if his father had somehow found them out? He shuddered. And then, too, he had ambitions for his career, and he could see already that Holmes would only hinder them. Returning to his room, he wrote passionate sheets of despair and regret, and sent them off—not without a pang. Sherlock received the letter the next morning. It completed what his brother had begun, and he had his first explosion of rage against the world.
"Yes, that is rather the question," Sherlock mused. "Do you feel any cravings? If I could bring you something right now -- anything -- what would it be?"
Meanwhile, in his warm study with a large drink in hand, Victor too suffered and exclaimed, "What an ending!" but he was determined that the love of women would rise in him as certainly as the sun. He would not marry his nurse—she had been but the catalyst for his change—but he would find some goddess of the new universe that had opened to him in London. Someone utterly unlike Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock sat upon the floor beyond Trevor’s reach. It was late afternoon. The sounds of the May term, the scents of the Oxford year in flower, floated in through the window and said to Sherlock, "You are unworthy of us." He knew that he was three parts dead, an alien, a yokel in Athens. He had no business here, nor with such a friend. Nor with a friend at all.
"And what about the science of it?" Lestrade asked, desperately playing his last card. "Dr. Hooper says that nine-tenths of it, at least, is scientifically impossible.
Sherlock understood. He was English, after all. He suddenly felt very angry. "We must do as the world requires, and ignore our own impulses."
"Can't come to London again—not before my ship. I’d lose the last of my pay, and the lads would rip me up."
"I've only a few minutes, Victor. I’m not stopping." Sherlock tossed another pebble against the wall.
"Oh let's give over talking. Here—" and he held out his hand. John took it, and they knew at that moment the greatest triumph ordinary man can win. Physical love means reaction, being panic in essence, and Sherlock saw now how natural it was that their primitive abandonment at Penge should have led to peril. They knew too little about each other—and too much. Hence fear. Hence cruelty. And he rejoiced because he had understood John’s fear through his own—glimpsing, not for the first time, the genius who hides in man's tormented soul. Not as a hero, but as a comrade, had he stood up to the bluster, and found childishness behind it, and behind that something else. Presently the other spoke. Spasms of remorse and apology broke him; he was as one who throws off a poison. Then, gathering health, he began to tell his friend everything, everything. No one knew he was in London—Penge thought he was at his father's, his father at Penge—it had been difficult, very. But while he spoke his arm was gaining Sherlock's. They deserved such a caress—the feeling was strange. Words died away, abruptly to recommence.
He found his opportunity after a debating society to which both belonged. Trevor—pleading his examination—had sent in his resignation, but had begged that the society might meet in his rooms first, as he wished to take his share of hospitality. This was like him; he hated to be under an obligation to anyone. Sherlock went and sat through a tedious evening. When everyone, including the host, surged out into the fresh air, he remained, thinking of the first night he had visited that room, and wondering whether the past cannot return. Trevor entered, and did not at once see who it was. Ignoring him utterly, he poured himself a large drink and bolted it down.
John Watson rejected his first attempts at conversation, remaining slumped at the back of his chamber when Sherlock entered the room. Nor did he respond to Sherlock’s stuttering attempts to apologize for his insensitivity. But on the third night, he was standing at the glass when Sherlock slipped in – and it was he who spoke first.
Sherlock's stomach clenched. He knew his brother would be desperate to analyze a sample of the creature's exterior scales for a variety of scientific and military reasons, and certainly he was trying to obtain such a sample in the most straightforward and logical way, but... he shook his head. It would be an unutterable travesty to destroy the creature, even in an effort to understand it. He had to make Mycroft understand.
Sherlock wasn't able to see the creature again for almost 24 hours. His brother had pulled Lestrade off of his official guard duties and replaced him with a contracted security service: all brawn and little brain. Sherlock snorted when he saw the man stationed at the door to Mycroft's lab. It would be nothing to distract him for the instant it would take Sherlock to slip inside.
At the 59 minute mark, he strode purposefully to the door of his facility, and looked up into the dark night sky, Gregory Lestrade on one side, Sherlock Holmes on the other.
"I'm fine, Sherlock," the creature said. His voice was milder than Sherlock had ever heard it. "Doesn't hurt. Just tired. It isn't so bad, lying down."
"Yes, of course," echoed Victor, who was dressed for the match. "We'd hoped you'd last the week with us, Sherlock, but we quite understand, and if you must go you must go."
Yes, he was in luck, no doubt of it. Watson had proved honest and kind. He was lovely to be with, a treasure, a charmer, a find in a thousand, the longed-for dream. But could it last?
the elder invariably took Sherlock out for a walk, preferring to spend as little time as possible in the hallowed halls that had housed so many of his own boyhood indignities. It was usually a pleasant outing. Sherlock was a solemn, solitary child, much given to long stretches of silent contemplation. He was not lonely, he told himself—he simply preferred his own company to anyone else’s. Still, although he had no friends to speak of at school, he was tremendously fond of his brother, who was indeed more like a parent to him than his own well-meaning but distant mother and father. Both Mycroft and Sherlock looked forward to their occasional meetings, though neither would ever admit as much aloud.
“Good.” Sherlock said and then moved back down towards John’s feet. As he mimicked his earlier actions, now on the top of the foot and alternating sides, John realized there was a downfall to this position. On his stomach he’d been able to rut into the mattress but now there wasn’t even that.
John wondered if his face would soon hurt from the force of his grin. “You mean like while solving the case of a fake Vermeer?”
Sherlock didn’t leave anything out and he knew his kill count without stopping to think. He never hid a single action from John but instead laid everything out in the open. John was grateful Sherlock was trusting him this much but it was still difficult to swallow. John had fought in a war so it wasn’t the violence that disturbed him but the way Sherlock delivered the story, in this flat monotonous voice, that made the entire situation more unsettling.
There was a crowd of cops blocking their path but John shoved through them mercilessly, Greg followed in his wake.
John wasn’t sure how Willa was going to take the news. She knew Noah, hell they played together enough that John had met the boy a few times in the school yard when picking her up. The only death Willa had experienced in her life was the death of the goldfish she’d won at a festival when she was three. That was in no way comparable to how she’d feel over the death of a friend.
The second the bedroom door was shut he advanced on Sherlock, the other man’s eyes widening just a bit. John pushed him backwards onto the bed.
Daddy then taught her how to spit the pit out really far into the sand. Their afternoon had been spent having a pit spitting contest to see who could get them to go the farthest. That had been the happiest she could ever remember Daddy being, at least before Papa came to live with them.
At the doorway Mycroft paused, “I am doing my best, John.” His voice was uncharacteristically soft before disappearing down the stairs with his husband.
Life continued much the same way for the next week. John and Sherlock would sit next to the fire after Willa went to bed and would talk until John grew tired. John always woke up to Sherlock gone the next morning even though he wasn’t sure when the other man was actually leaving or where he was going. Then sometime during the day Sherlock would reappear.
“A picture.” Mrs. Hudson exclaimed as soon as she popped out of her own flat after they’d gone down to get her.
John smiled up. The smile was seductive and happy and just a little sad, Sherlock wasn’t sure that many emotions were meant to appear on a single face at the same time but John pulled it off.
“Only hurts a little.” She answered and climbed up onto the table anticipating what John was going to do.
“You could have paid her to keep it open!” Sherlock sneered. “Unless of course you never planned for me to come home.”
Despite being assured that the return to London was safe there were new security measures put in place. Mrs. Hudson had agreed to bars being installed outside of the windows in the room and even then there had been a motion sensor alarm place on them. The baby monitor was probably a couple thousand pounds worth of government security tech that allowed John to pull up the feed through an encrypted channel on his laptop and mobile.
Sherlock had been surprised when he realized how much he enjoyed the routine and a little concerned. Having a routine meant they were predictable and easy to track. John tried to assure him he was being ridiculous and that, aside from Mary’s malingering presence, they didn’t have anyone to be concerned with anymore.
Willa sat on his lap through the frankly terrible singing. It made her irrationally happy and pleased John so he tolerated it.
John left the room and went down to find food just as soon as he’d thrown his bags down. It was weird eating dinner alone.
Once Sherlock’s moans had devolved back into soft gasps, his fingers twitching on the duvet, John moved one hand to push his trousers down the rest of the way. Sherlock was compliant in lifting his legs so John could slide them off completely.  He gently scratched his nails back up the other man’s calf. Sherlock’s hips twitched violently and he moaned.
Mycroft’s mouth twisted not having expected John to feel that way. “So you feel the arrangement you two currently have is long term?”
“That’s funny coming from you.” John couldn’t help but laugh. Sherlock growled at him and dragged his teeth roughly over John’s nipple.
Willa’s room was more of a task than he had anticipated. It was easy to overlook the mess as a typical child’s room but when he really looked at it, it was daunting. Willa had the equivalent of a toy store and a half crammed into her room. Sherlock realized there was no way to properly clean the room without binning at least some of it.
Willa shrugged a shoulder, barely visible under her thick coat. “It makes him sad. But he pretends he does because he knows I like it and Christmas is about making other people happy.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I’m fine. Did I hurt you?” He reached for John’s wrist and took it gently.
They both proceeded to indulge in a manly handshake, back slapping included. Sherlock barely managed to keep the urge to roll his eyes under control, John was always reduced to a pile of testosterone when he met up with army buddies.
“She’s bored.” Sherlock said as soon as John reached the bottom of the stairs. “With her school work.” He clarified.
“She’ll stay here with you if that’s alright.” John told him, head half in the refrigerator where he was searching out something to eat.
Willa saw her pull out a pair of scissors from inside the box, she bit her lip and looked down at her knees. She closed her eyes after watching as the first bits of her hair fell to the floor, the tears came anyway.
Sherlock went forward and very carefully hugged her. She buried her face in his jacket, still crying. He wasn’t as bothered by the thought of mucous on his Belstaff as he had once been, at least not from Willa. He stroked her head and pressed a kiss into it, mindful of the injuries.
John cringed, this might be the most awkward conversation he’s ever had with his child. “Well we’re together… like romantically.”
John was at the surgery three weeks after Willa’s fall when he got a phone call from the school. He naturally panicked and stepped away from a patient to take the call.
“I will tell you, he was found carrying a gift to Willa from AGRA.” Mycroft said gesturing to a table behind them.
“Sherlock was a late speaker, thank heavens,” Mycroft began after taking a sip of the bourbon he had poured himself. “So he was five when he entered into the ‘why’ stage of life. I was twelve and after a few days I
Mycroft knew for a fact that neither man had slept and caffeine could only keep one going for so long.
Sherlock watched the buildings silently for a few more minutes before it struck him they weren’t going the right way. “Where are we going?”
“Really, John? She was interesting, a puzzle and nothing more.” Sherlock informed him and went towards the bedroom to change.
“Shall we have dessert?” Sherlock asked after their plates had been cleared away. Secretly he was hoping they would reveal whatever they were planning but he couldn’t show his eagerness, no doubt John would taunt him over it.
It was actually better to go about at four in the morning making his presence in the city known. The men and women out at this time would be young or new and need assistance for survival. These were the people who would easily trust him after a kind word and some change. It was the people who came out just before the morning work rush that Sherlock would have to work harder for but they also had the most knowledge of what was going on in the city. So as the city woke Sherlock began stopping in at the newly open coffee shops and buying trays of coffee to hand out.
“Sherlock is adopting Willa.” John announced hoping he sounded casual about it and definitely not nervous about how Harry would react to the news in a public setting. Sherlock’s body tense by his side, anticipating the outburst.
I've been updating very frequently. I just wanted to let you all know this isn't normal for me but as long as the story is flowing I will do my best to get it out.
John untangled his fingers from the other man’s hair and pointed upwards. “She’ll be down any minute.”
There was nothing below the window, no fire escape or even a roof. Nothing but a four-story drop. Even if she could get the window open Willa realized there was nowhere for her to go, which was probably why they’d decided they could leave her alone. Dejected, she returned to the toilet and sat, listening to the far away sounds of sirens.
A few days later they met Harry at Angelo’s for John’s birthday dinner. Sherlock was still tense being near the woman but John and Willa acted as a decent barrier between the two of them. Nothing terribly awkward occurred until halfway into the meal.
Because she might come off as a bit unbelievable with her intelligence feel like I should note Willa is based a bit off myself at 6yr old, I actually did learn how to read at 4.
This was possibly the least subtle statement she had ever made in regards to his and John’s perceived relationship and this was about a woman who used to constantly ask if they needed ‘alone time’ with a wink.
Sherlock, it seemed, had been the one he’d seen moving through the window. He was pacing about the living room, every so often stopping and glancing out a window. He was waiting for something, Mycroft wasn’t sure what though. John, on the other hand, was seated in his chair, only his eyes tracing Sherlock’s route around the room.
Molly was the first to get to him, “John,” she pleaded softly and grabbed his arm trying to help him up.
“Took out the entire top of an abandoned building, said it was lit on purpose. Reports that there’d been activity up in that room lately.” He explained.
“How’s your head?” Sherlock asked. He was looking at her that way again and she quickly silenced all the racing thoughts. She knew logically he couldn’t read minds but if he had even the slightest idea of what she’d done he would no doubt tell John and John would believe him.
“At this point you might want to think about alerting the press.” The unknown man’s voice answered him.
After another cup and more biscuits (Sherlock was beginning to wonder how thin he looked given that everyone was shoving food on him) he found himself climbing the stairs again.
John took Willa to school every morning and Sherlock usually slept in or went to sleep if he’d been up late. When John didn’t work he would return home and usually crawl back into bed until Sherlock woke for the day, then they would spend the rest of the day working on cases or doing things around the flat until it was time for school to let out.
John watched as Sherlock raised the object, which turned out to be a metal rod, and brought it swiftly down onto the man’s collar. The crunching of bone was audible through the speaker.
“Well, yes but also I was thinking if you’d be willing we’d make you her second contact. In case of emergency or illness if they couldn’t reach me for whatever reason they’d call you.”  John said and Sherlock knew he was trying to desperately pass for casual.
“Why?” Sherlock asked, still confused. There was very little of note in Brixton, unless of course one was looking to buy marijuana.
The three of them were in the kitchen. John was by the stove messing with the kettle while Mrs. Hudson and Willa talked at the table about her upcoming birthday. Sherlock walked over to John.
He smiled fondly and then crept around to Sherlock’s side of the bed. Kneeling on it he pressed a kiss into the other man’s hair.
It was very quiet for a while and Willa nearly fell back asleep. She was almost there when Cole growled out, "fine."
“Myself, Gregory, his two children, Mrs. Hudson, John and Willa. We invited Molly and Aaron but they’re in Ipswich visiting family. Can we expect you as well?”
Addison was three years older than Willa. Greg had admitted one night at the pub she’d been an attempt to save his crumbling marriage after Sherlock had revealed his wife’s infidelities. Of course he hadn’t seen it that way at the time but he realized, in hindsight, that had been what she was. Addison had been in that stage where she was obsessed with baby dolls and babies when Willa was born and that had been the start of their friendship.
John normally kept the key to his lock box taped to the top of the wardrobe. Sherlocked pulled out the gun and clip. After checking the clip was full he slid it into his pocket and the pistol into the back of his waistband.
“I don’t think you’re old Aunt Harry.” Willa said sweetly. Harry made an ‘awe’ noise and hugged her niece from the side.
The Trevors lived in a remote part of England on the Wilts and Somerset border. Though not an old family they had held land for four generations, and its influence had passed into them. Victor's great-great-uncle had been Lord Chief Justice in the reign of George IV, and the nest he had feathered was Penge. The feathers were inclined to blow about now. A hundred years had nibbled into the fortune, which no wealthy bride had replenished, and both house and estate were marked, not indeed with decay, but with the immobility that precedes it. The house lay among woods. A park, still ridged with the lines of vanished hedges, stretched around, giving light and air and pasture to horses and Alderney cows. Beyond it the trees began, most planted by old Sir Edwin, who had annexed the common lands. There were two entrances to the park, one up by the village, the other on the clayey road that went to the station. There had been no station in the old days, and the approach from it, which was undignified and led by the back premises, typified an afterthought of England's.
Then savage, reckless, drenched with the rain, he saw in the first glimmer of dawn the window of Trevor's room, and his heart leapt alive and shook him to pieces. It cried, "You love and are loved." He looked round the court. It cried, "You are strong, he weak and alone." It won over his will. Terrified at what he must do, he caught hold of the mullion and sprang.
It was no use. In his loneliness, given the possibility—the slightest chance—of being truly seen by another human being, Sherlock was unable to dissemble. People were all around them, but with racing heart and eyes that had gone intensely blue he whispered, "You understand what I am. The way I want you."
Several days passed. Sherlock turned his mind to his work, striving to drown out his chaotic emotions with the strict logic and discipline of deductive reasoning. He solved two criminal cases, a theft and a serious assault, with a single-minded rapidity that astonished even Lestrade, who had come to know him well. The next morning, a letter came. It arrived at breakfast and he read it under his landlady’s sharp eyes. It was phrased as follows.
"You'd be dead by now if you needed water and hadn't had any, so we can certainly deduce with a high degree of certainty that the needs of your body are entirely alien in nature."
Despite himself, Sherlock was touched by the question. There was a tremor in the creature's voice that sounded more than a little like fear.
Three days later, another letter arrived. This one was longer. The blood began pounding over Sherlock’s body as he unfolded it, but his head kept cool, and he managed to read it as a whole, not merely sentence by sentence.
The rows of old statues tottered behind them and Sherlock muttered, "Come outside, come with me. We can't stay here."
At the stroke of the hour, the familiar, piercing bright light returned, flooding the parking lot and all but blinding the men in attendance.
He allowed Sherlock to ask questions virtually unchecked, answering each with an understated but stolid intelligence that Sherlock found charming. He remembered a former life in vivid detail -- that of John Watson, late of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, and recently discharged and seeking civilian work in London. Nothing about his story seemed at all unusual -- nothing, that is, until he woke up one day, changed.
"Except for meals we need never be in the other part of the house," he continued. "Either here or out of doors. Jolly, eh? I've a piano." He drew him into the study. "Look at the view. You may shoot rabbits out of this window. By the way, if my mother or Pippa tells you at dinner that they want you to do this or that tomorrow, you needn't worry. Say 'yes' to them if you like. You're actually going to ride with me, and they know it. It's only their ritual. On Sunday, when you haven't been to church they'll pretend afterwards you were there."
"I'm not. The dean said I must apologize, and I wouldn't—I won’t. I thought you wouldn't be up, so I didn't care."
She'd nearly finished recalibrating the first of her inorganic biosignature monitors – his overconfidence was anathema to her scientific rigour – when he suddenly he jumped to his feet, resuming their conversation as if there'd never been a pause.
On Tuesday afternoon, the rain was coming down in typical fashion, tapping on a million roofs and occasionally effecting an entry. It beat down the smoke, and caused the fumes of petrol and the smell of wet clothes to linger mixed on the streets of London. In the great forecourt of the British Museum it could fall uninterruptedly, plumb onto the draggled doves and the helmets of the police. So dark was the afternoon that some of the lights had been turned on inside, and the great building suggested a tomb, miraculously illuminated by spirits of the dead. John arrived first, dressed no longer in corduroys but in a new blue suit and bowler hat—part of his outfit for his coming voyage. He sprang, as he had boasted, of a respectable family—publicans, small tradesmen—and it was only by accident that he had appeared as an untamed son of the woods. Indeed, he liked the woods and the fresh air and water, he liked them better than anything and he liked to protect life, but woods provide no salaries, and young men who want to get on must leave them. He was determined in a blind way to get on now. It was just—this business with Sherlock Holmes had absorbed him, and the servants’ gossip about Sherlock’s dalliance with Victor had hurt and enraged him. He had thought he understood Sherlock—thought they had understood each other—and he was too stubborn a man to let go of a truth once he held it. He tramped over the courtyard, then took the steps in a series of springs; having won the shelter of the portico he stood motionless, except for the flicker of his eyes. These sudden changes of pace were typical of the man, who always advanced as a skirmisher, was always coiled for action. When Sherlock drove up he became half giddy, half furious. Gentlemen he knew, mates he knew; what class of creature was this Holmes who had said, "Call me Sherlock,” all the while loving another man? Raising his chin, he stood defiant.
"No, but listen—I tried to keep right. After this mess with Victor, I swore it off entirely, just as you advised. Yes, yes, no need to look so smug."
“Oh, I’m well aware of what headmaster says.” Mycroft swallowed back a grim smile. Suddenly he raised his umbrella in the air and assumed the old man’s habitual pose at the lecturn: “To love a noble woman, to protect and serve her—this is the Crown of Life! It all hangs together—all—and God's in his heaven, All's right with the world. Male and female! Ah, wonderful!"
With an unhappy sigh, Trevor pulled Sherlock’s head against his knee and began to stroke his hair, as though it was a talisman for clear thinking—stroked it steadily from crown to temple to throat. Then, removing both hands, he dropped them on either side of him and sat down.
"Yet you don't mind borrowing his things," Sherlock observed, although he heartily agreed with Trevor’ assessment.
Sherlock smiled grimly and crumpled the letter. He was well used to Victor’s prevarication, and had even been half expecting such a letter. But if he was unsurprised by the letter’s contents, they smote at his heart all the same.
"You need me, and you know it," Sherlock said haughtily. "If this -- this case -- is everything it seems to be, you'll need all the help you can get."
"Explain," she said flatly. She'd weathered his stormy enthusiasms before, and although there was no discounting his brilliance, his methods were often alarmingly inconsistent.
"Yes, well. I shouldn't have offered to inflict my taste on you, at any rate. I've been told it's esoteric to the point of abstruseness."
HEADCANON: Sally and Tom become a devoted crime-fighting duo in their own right, and everyone lives happily every after.
"Yes, yes. It’s all right." He heard the door shut and he was alone. He waited for the beloved to return. Inevitable that wait. Then his eyes began to smart, and he knew from experience what was coming. Presently he could control himself. He got up and went out, did some telephoning and explanations, placated the Yarders, apologized to his host, got himself shaved and trimmed up, and went off to find Lestrade. Work would console him. Nothing had changed in his life. Nothing remained in it. He was back with his loneliness as it had been before Victor, as it was after Victor, and would now be for ever. He had failed, and that wasn't the saddest: he had seen John fail. In a way they were one person. Love had failed.
They slept separate at first, as if afraid to inconvenience the other, but towards morning a movement began, and they woke deep in each other's arms. "I’d best be going now," John repeated, but Sherlock was resting utterly at last, and murmured "No, no," holding him closer.
Still kissing Sherlock, John held up a two-fingered salute. The ordeal he'd endured had indeed been difficult, but he had no intention of letting Sherlock go now. Not for Mycroft--not for anything.
It did not matter which of them suggested what that day; the other always agreed. Trevor took off his shoes and socks and rolled his trousers up. Then he stepped upon the brown surface of the dyke and vanished. He reappeared swimming.
"I prefer to make other arrangements," said Sherlock gently. "You can do anything once you know what it is." He gazed at the grayish light that was becoming yellowish. Nothing surprised him in this talk. What he could not conjecture was its outcome. "We can find work together," he suggested.
He went silent, his voice dying away into sadness as though truth had risen to the surface of the water and was unbearable.
Sherlock returned his embrace even as his bewilderment increased. “Victor,” he said, breaking away, “What—?
It was not until late in the winter that this ultimately untenable situation came to a head. Victor’s father had taken the entire Trevor family away to Rome for a February holiday, the London winter having been a very severe one. Victor had gone unwillingly, but he invariably complied with his father’s many schemes. Sherlock had known immediately that Victor would go, and he resigned himself to a month of solitude.
There was a pause. John went on sadly: "It wouldn't work, Sherlock. Ruin of us both, can't you see? You same as myself."
"Matters are becoming urgent. I’m moving up the vivisection. Proceed with the preparations; you have 48 hours."
He snuggled closer, more awake than he pretended, warm, golden, happy. Happiness overwhelmed Sherlock too. He moved in John’s embrace, felt the answering grip, and forgot what he wanted to say. Light drifted in upon them from the outside world where it was still raining. A strange hotel, a casual refuge protected them a little longer.
"Tell me,” Victor asked, settling into Sherlock’s side, “what made you wake me that night after the Debating Society. Describe."
One day, Sherlock’s diatribe about the political and religious hypocrisy of the academic world, replete with examples deduced from their own dons, brought him perilously close to exposing himself. In anatomizing the secret (“but entirely obvious”) love affair between Seb Wilkes and his day maid, he realized that much of the evidence he cited could apply equally to himself in his intercourse with Trevor. Breathless, he flew on a knife’s edge of fear and exhilaration.
