“Well,” Sebastian started, removing the stethoscope he’d been using to try to find John’s heartbeat. He’d found it but it was thready; barely there.
Taking the script from John, Sherlock folded it to page 25 and thrust it back at John and pointed at the last paragraph.
Combining these things created a fully formed virtual image that he could access at any time via his Mind Palace thus creating a crime scene that Sherlock could manipulate at will. Yes. A very useful tool.
“Admit defeat, John. I’ll be out when I’m damn good and ready,” Sherlock said, then began speaking in a normal tone of voice to someone.
John felt the stick but it seemed far away. He didn’t think he’d left the morgue so why was someone injecting an unknown substance into his body without his permission.
“So you dragged me down to a disgusting pub where all the plebeians gather, to have me apologize to a person who was in the wrong place at the wrong time and was in fact, already injured. And another person who doesn’t even exist? Have I got that right?”
Five minutes passed, then ten, at the fifteen minute mark, John’s jaws were aching and he didn’t think that he could do this much longer.
“Oh, believe me, I know. I’m very cautious. You take care.” John said, a little shudder running down his spine.
“Let’s look again, shall we?” John grabbed the silk sash where it joined Sherlock’s wrists together then kicked his legs out from under him, his hold on the sash being the only thing keeping Sherlock’s face from slamming into the table.
“You mean that you ‘used to be’ a surgeon until that pesky rifle shot to the left shoulder in…Iraq? Afghanistan? Took that ability away from you. Tragic loss for a leftie,” Sherlock said sarcastically, watching in satisfaction as John’s face suffused with red.
“No. And they don’t need to know. They won’t even miss me for the first five days. They’ll just think that I’m out whoring around again now that I can’t get pregnant. Either way, it’ll be a relief to us all when I disappear. No fuss, no muss. No pretend caring scenes with the associated crocodile tears. I couldn’t stand that so that’s why I brought my kit to this appointment. I don’t have much in the way of belongings so it was easy to pack. Everything I need is right here in this duffel bag.”
“You know that thing that you do that I usually quite enjoy?” Sherlock said looking at John expectantly.
“As am I, however, I need to fuck that tight little arse of yours one more time before we go. Consider it my version of a farewell party. Now, be a good lad and get on your hands and knees before I lose my patience.”
"You know what? None of my business. I'll just be going now," Lestrade said, doorknob in hand as he slowly backed away.
Spreading his thighs, Sherlock held John’s head still while he snapped his hips back and forth, roughly fucking John’s mouth without a care as to whether or not he was hurting him.
John was just settling in when the door to the lab opened and Sebastian entered bearing two large cups of coffee - one in the crook of his arm so that he could enter the security code to access the lab, the other in his right hand - from the fancy cafe’ across the street from Bart’s.
Sherlock began rolling up his sleeving looking like nothing so much as a lost child. John’s heart ached for him as he injected the contents of the syringe into his arm and folded it up against Sherlock’s chest.
He began frantically calling John’s name but expected and received no reply. He saw John’s coat still hanging up, and checked the pockets; John’s keys and mobile were still in there. He’d never leave without those but where was he? He clearly wasn’t in the morgue OR the lab.
“I am not “kidding” you. You’ll find that I don’t “kid.” I just didn’t think you were ready to handle it at the moment.”
“The word, John,” Sherlock replied exasperatedly. He shifted his stance against the brick wall to a more comfortable - if standing in an alley reeking of trash and urine could be described as “comfortable” - position and rested his head on folded arms.
John circled Sherlock’s entrance waiting until he seemed frantic for it and then slowly, teasingly, slid his index finger all the way in to the third knuckle and began pumping in and out until he’d finally worked up to three fingers and felt that Sherlock was ready.
“This is a little different, Doctor. The enemy is virtually invisible and you won’t have backup. A team of Moriarty’s thugs are going to be sent after you. You can have all the training in the world but even you won’t be able to defeat a group of vampires attacking you simultaneously. It’s for your own good. We’re just trying to keep you safe. Believe me, you don’t want to be at the mercy of Moriarty. He’d make being a soldier seem like a visit to the spa.”
With a snap of the right hand glove, John reached for the speculum, opened the package and emptied the contents onto the towel.
“Someone must really like you, Sherlock. Petroleum jelly is notoriously difficulty to remove from skin so it’s unlikely that you’ll care about being fucked without any further lubricant. There will be plenty left by the time I’ve done with the speculum.”
“Good point! The case is over so Mycroft and I will just be going.” Lestrade tugged a Mycroft’s suit coat trying to get his attention.
“Oral sex. He’s considered the Master of Fellatio. That’s actually the name his clients use to book time with him.”
“Here. I’ll help.” John removed his hands from Sherlock’s trousers, undid the button and flies then waited.
“Gotta love a fan who thoughtfully considers the effect of petroleum on 1,000 count Egyptian cotton. Turn on your right side so that I can place this towel under you.” John said, reaching for the towel.
“Our parents have been happily married for decades. I assure you that we were both born consensually.” Mycroft loathed having to explain this to what was quickly seeming - in his opinion - to be a moron. Well, you can’t chose your Soul Mate. If Sherlock wanted this…this man, then Mycroft would make that happen. He didn’t have to be happy about it though.
“I see that the patrons seem to be back in the pub, with the exception of the owner and…,” Lestrade gave the muscle bound man a brief glance, “what seems to be the bouncer. Has anyone left since the body was discovered?” Lestrade asked the bouncer.
He quickly ratcheted the speculum until it was opened to it’s full diameter and NOW Sherlock was groaning.
There was a good deal of soap used and by the end of the shower, John felt as if no part of his body had been left unclean.
“I don’t suppose you’d be willing to give up a little blood? Just a taste? Dhamphirs are just SO delicious and you rarely get this close to one - without them trying to kill you. So?” Moriarty asked hopefully.
“I am NOT being emotional and this so called ‘mating instinct’ is in no way affecting my behavior. I control my emotions. They do not control me! And you know very well that passcodes and ‘exit only’ doors will do nothing to deter Moriarty from taking John WHEN he finally decides to do so.” Sherlock finished angrily.
“The symbolism of the powders. Each color represents something. The man who did this understood that and although Holi is a celebration of happiness, he made some pointed references with his choice of colors.”
Bob dutifully and with a decided lack of enthusiasm, followed his wife into Harriet’s room. His wife had dragged him down here but he had nothing to say to his daughter. She’d embarrassed the family. How could they ever show their faces again. They’d need to get this thing adopted out as fast as possible. Pretend it’d never happened.
“Them…” John kissed his way to Sherlock’s earlobe and lightly traced it with his tongue before sucking on it gently.
“You’re working late tonight, Doctor Watson. Important case?” Sebastian asked, pushing the hazardous waste cart against the wall preparing to chat.
“Well. Ta. Ok. I am but it’s just a fleeting thought. It’s good masturbation material. The idea of being able to make you come with just a word.”
“I’m immobilizing you. It seems like that should be fairly obvious. Genius,” John taunted winding the long sash around Sherlock’s wrists then wrapping the remainder around his waist finishing with a slipknot back at the beginning.
Quickly dropping the pack of cigarettes - he knew where they were now, after all - he hurriedly used the slats beneath the bed to pull himself out as quickly as possible lest she catch him out.
“Yes. You said that already. What I was going to say was, why don’t we release the bee on the rooftop?”
They’d had John since at least 10pm last night when the hospital was virtually empty of employees. Moriarty confirmed what Sherlock had already suspected; that a vampire had John, doing…god knew what, before removing him from the building.
“They do indeed. Here, let’s take these tight clothes off,” John said and proceeded to strip Sherlock naked.
The nurse hesitated. “They’re examining her to make sure that she's fine and then she’ll be brought to her room. She should be in room 711 within the next half hour. You can wait in there for her if you’d like.”
“Totally unnecessary, I assure you. We are well aware of how intelligent you are, John. Aren’t we, Lestrade?” Sherlock asked while still tugging on John’s arm.
“I know. Come on, lay down.” John helped Sherlock back into bed. “You’ll feel much better after a nap.”
“Doctor Watson: Please excuse the call. I didn’t realize that I’d caught you in the middle of my brother. Please do contact me at your earliest convenience so that I can go over the rules with you.
Sherlock closed the door behind him and left John to sleep it off. Sherlock predicted that he’d be confronted by an angry John Watson within the next eight to ten hours. He found himself surprised that he was looking forward to it. The anticipation itself was exciting. Sherlock smiled and waited…
He’d also been unable to pick up the Chinese food that Jim had requested. He didn’t have time to go shopping for carry out when John could very well be dead at this moment and Seb…well, he wasn’t sure how he’d feel about that but John had been a good friend. Sure, he didn’t know that Moran had only been acting but during their time together, he’d honestly grown to like John and enjoy his company.
Yes, yes. I'm a terrible writer putting out an unbeta'd fic that's potentially filled with mistakes. If that bothers you, don't read it. If it DOES bother you, complain to someone else who cares and don't harsh my buzz, man.
“It seems that Jim got a little high and passed out. Between getting high on John’s blood and the narcotics, he was just on the floor when S…his assistant got there. So…long story short, Jim needs to sleep it off and his assistant doesn’t want you doing any running around causing mischief while Jim’s unaware. This is just enough of our cocktail to keep you asleep until Jim wakes up and recovers from being groggy. There. That’s everything,” Becca said with a smile.
“It’s obvious that I can’t just take you out of here right now with all the exits being watched. Storing you in a morgue drawer until we feel confident enough to move you without alerting any remaining agents or, even worse, Sherlock, this is where you’ll stay. Plus, the cooler temperature will lower your heart rate and all of that steel around you won’t allow either you or Sherlock to sense the other. It’s perfect, really,” Sebastian said, dragging the mortuary table over to the drawers.
Eventually, it came to pass that John was so good at making himself invisible, he was considered a nuisance when he could be seen. If he had a question, he got the standard “children should be seen and not heard.” But they listened to Lawrence who now picked up Harriet’s slack in his abuse.
Mycroft left the empty surveillance room to the sound of flesh on flesh as John fucked his brother, the door closed and locked automatically, cutting off the sounds of passion and excitement in an instant.
I dropped his robe down, completely cover his buttocks again and slid my cock between those amazing globes of flesh and began masturbating against them jerking him off simultaneously.
“I think that neither one of them would make it out alive after the fight over that one. Come on. Drink’s are on me.”
One day, while caught in a hail of gunfire, which wasn’t unusual considering that they were on the front line, several soldiers - unasked - considered it their duty to protect John while he worked on the injured. Then, one of his guards had gotten shot leaving an opening in his protection from the enemy. John didn’t notice. He'd never asked for, or worried about, receiving special protection from anyone. He honestly hadn’t realized that he was being protected. He just knew that he had to save his men; it was all that he cared about. It was what he lived for.
“‘John comes inside of Sherlock and after a brief (and here, ‘brief’ was underlined) period of recuperation, sucks Sherlock’s cock to completion.’” John looked up.
John growled in frustration until he realized something; Sherlock was accessing his mobile through his iPad. John took out the mobile and said,
Mycroft stopped midway up the stairs to John and Sherlock’s flat, removed his mobile from his pocket and hit speed dial to call his brother.
Apparently this Watson fellow was extremely popular and was booked solid weeks in advance so the fact that they’d all been customers of his didn’t necessarily mean anything. It could be coincidence but Sherlock didn’t believe in coincidences which is what brought him to where he was now standing.
“Because that means that all bets are off and I can cheat too!” John said, flipping Sherlock onto his stomach.
“If you landed on something sharp and it hit the right spot, then yes, it’d kill you,” Sherlock was tired of answering the same questions that they’d already been over for what seemed like a million times.
Picking up the jar of petroleum jelly, John popped the lid with a casual flick thumb. The delicious scent of cocoa butter immediately filled the room.
“With EVERYTHING about Dhamphirs and then work your way forwards. Don’t leave anything out. And then you can explain to me how SOMEONE had enough authority to forbid the CHIEF coroner from working for a week.”
“My, my, my. It’s like that, is it? I didn’t realize that you were already so attached. It’s been what, two weeks?” Moriarty rubbed his hands together.
“You’ve had sex…no. Not actual intercourse,” Mycroft said seeing that John was about to interrupt, “But the fact is that you have both exchanged blood with each other which…and let me put this in a way that even you can understand - sealed the deal. You might never have had intercourse but once you’ve both…” Mycroft paused, looking faintly sick. “Orgasmed and exchanged blood with your Soul Mate, you’re bound together. Didn’t Sherlock tell you that?”
Lestrade stood there watching as his best consultants had an argument that was growing increasingly nasty while neither paid the slightest attention to the body on the ground that was growing colder by the moment.
“Not what I’d normally recommend for a first time but, well, beggars can’t be choosers,” John said walking to stand by the side of the bed.
“You won’t bother me again for now. Is there a statute of limitations on how long before you WILL bother me again?”
“Forgetting about your stereotypical Alpha display, perhaps mentioning his inability to have children might have been a step too far.”
“Not quite but they will want to know that you’ve started your first month and they’ll keep you on a strict schedule from there. Just don’t miss a pill and you’ll be fine.”
Sherlock reached behind his back, unerringly finding his nightstand drawer, opened it, fished out the lube and gracefully handed it to John, all without once turning over.
“Oh. Almost forgot. If you guys could quit masturbating at my crime scenes, I’d appreciate it,” Lestrade said with a wave. “Ta. Come on, Anderson. We need to have a chat.”
“No. I’ll…try the table in the morgue first. If I haven’t recovered in an hour or so, I’ll take your advice and go home.”
“Lord, no. He’s been relatively sticking to our, my agreement, plus he’s extremely over-protective and jealous. I don’t know what he’d do if he saw another man near me much less touching me.”
It definitely cut down on time wasted trading insults with Anderson and Donovan. Although he did indulge in trading barbs with them on those occasions when a case wasn’t interesting enough to hold his attention. A bored Sherlock was a dangerous, borderline malicious Sherlock.
Staring at Sherlock’s now semi-soft cock, John waited for something amazing to happen. Although he had absolutely no idea what that could be.
“Don’t you think you’d notice if Dhamphirs were disappearing all over the place? Have others gone missing? Have any complained of being attacked? There are always going to be outliers but that doesn’t make us all guilty of crime.”
“A memento? What for? It won’t bring her back and I just want to close the door behind me and forget about her. I hope her sister just throws it all out. It hurts too much to think about. I can’t bear it.” Sherlock said, turning towards John and wrapping his arms around his shoulders.
“I see, well, while I appreciate the sentiment I despise being messy. I can’t walk home with lube drying on my cock.”
“I didn’t expect to see you here, Lestrade. Not anytime soon. Were you drinking on the job? How unprofessional of you.”
“Ah! Here we go. It’s always the last place you look because that’s where it is, right?” Becca smiled holding up some tubing, an IV and a small pouch of some unidentifiable drug.
“Yes. I am. I was. Until all of this happened. I’ve let my lease go month to month for the moment. I’m not jumping into a relationship with anyone before I even know if I like them much less ‘know’ that they’re the ‘one.’ Didn’t your brother tell you that?” John asked, frustration clear in his voice.
“You can fit things larger than a human fist inside a rectum although I wouldn’t recommend it. Actually, I wouldn’t recommend this either,” John finished, sounding a little down.
“Come on. Mrs Hudson would hate this. Up you get.” John stood, holding both hands out to Sherlock who took them gratefully and pulled himself up, arms immediately wrapping around John again. Head on his shoulder, Sherlock began sobbing in earnest this time.
He didn’t mind Lazy Man sex from time to time. He didn’t have to worry about satisfying John although it usually woke him up after a few brushes against his prostate.
“Fine. Useless information that I erased from my Mind Palace…no, I’ll tell you about that one later. Give me a minute…” Sherlock said, reaching into his jacket pocket and pulling out his mobile. He pressed a button and hit ‘send.’
Sherlock puffed up a bit at that, “Yes. Yes I am and I could really use your help dealing with the imbeciles I’m surrounded by during a case.”
“No. Just. No. Think of the shame. Especially when people realize that she doesn’t even want her own child. What kind of mother doesn’t want their own child?”
“Yeah. That’s exactly what I’m doing. Just, get on top so we can finish and I can go back to reading the paper.”
“I already have a home and we haven’t even known each other that long,” John said, sitting up beginning to look for his clothes which were scattered about the floor.
“He didn’t shoot me. I was injured during the war and sent home. The injury is still painful especially when some maniac barrels around a corner and slams into said injury. Now, if you don’t mind, I need to get home and tend to this.” John stood looking for a taxi while the other two stood looking at each other.
They sat looking deeply into each other’s eyes for several minutes until Sherlock finally broke the silence.
Moriarty’s coquettishness suddenly vanished and he looked up at Moran with eyes as black and shiny as polished onyx.
“That was…that was amazing,” John said, coming down from the high of being bitten and coming simultaneously.
Flicking another spent cigarette into the commode, Sherlock went to pull another from the pack only to find it empty.
“God, that was amazing, John. I’m not enjoying the feeling of having an arse crack full of lube but it was still highly enjoyable.
“As I’ve already said; about guarding you, no. About moving in with Sherlock? Yes, you have a choice but I doubt that you’ll be able to hold out for long. Once Sherlock has focused his entire attention on the goal of moving you in, in you shall be. Best to accept it now rather than fight the inevitable. Think of Sherlock as water dripping on a rock, gradually wearing it away. ”
Releasing Sherlock’s hair, John used the same damp hand to flip up Sherlock’s robe followed by quickly sliding his pajama bottoms down until they just cupped his cheeks.
“I get the general principle,” Sherlock made a dismissive gesture with his hand, “but that can’t be done without preparation, can it?”
“Didn’t see that in here.” John began rummaging through the box, the sound of its contents rattling loudly in the expectant quiet of the room.
“Well, on the first one, I’ll leave that to Sherlock to…convince you, however, you have no control over being, as you say, “stalked.” I care about my brother very much, Doctor Watson. I won’t allow you to hurt him. If he wants you, he shall have you.”
Seb went to the corpse and dragged him easily by the collar, depositing the body three feet from the pub door. Opening it he loudly asked; “Is there a doctor in the house? It’s an emergency!” In his best imitation of someone who actually gave a damn. The he joined Jim across the street to stand in the shadows and waited for the fun to begin.
“Oh, for Pete’s sake, Sherlock, let that go. I know damn good and well that you always carry your own gloves everywhere hoping for something like this to happen.”
“You always have to have the last word, don’t you, Mycroft.” Sighing, Sherlock exited the government building and caught a cab to 221B planning to work on Moriarty’s murders. He’d been suspiciously quiet since their conversation over coffee and Sherlock sensed that was about to change, hence the meeting with Mycroft.
Lestrade was looking back and forth between John and Sherlock. He had no idea what was going on, but they were definitely having some silent test of wills with Sherlock becoming more and more agitated. Greg wanted in.
“I have your room and you, until tomorrow morning. We’ll talk to Irene about the situation then. But, if you really wanted to stay, I’m sure…”
“No. I can’t have you showing up like my dad to pick me up from school. Besides, Mycroft has already told me that he has people watching me so calm down.”
It took a few seconds for Sherlock to answer; he didn’t realize that John had said anything at first; then John had Sherlock’s undivided attention.
“It’s your 40th birthday. I wanted it to be special and you know I’m not particularly good in the gift giving department. Besides, Molly assured me that you’d love it!” Sherlock said, a twinkle in his eye.
Sherlock walked to meet John at the hospital entrance. He looked tired and no wonder! He should have been done and out by 12:30am at the latest.
“Since it’s so obviously on display, let’s start with your temper. You were abused as a child...what did I just say? Keep quiet.
“That was a brilliant idea, Sebastian. Getting a job in facilities so that you’d have access to all of the labs. That little wireless mic that you slapped on Doctor Watson’s coat the other day is a miracle of modern design. The reception was so clear, it was like I was right there with them. Remind me to buy stock in that company tomorrow.”
“I love you too, you huge arse.” John lay with Sherlock for a few more minutes before gently easing his arm from around him and sitting up.
He’d let Mycroft know what he was doing, of course. Wouldn’t do to hurt one of the men guarding John just because they got into Sherlock’s way. Mycroft had texted back one word:
“If you say so, John,” Sherlock said, casually brushing aside John’s concerns. “In any event,” he continued, “we’re here to discuss your background. That’s all. We can address your interest in having intercourse with me at a later date. I must admit that I’m a little intrigued by your admiration. It went straight to my groin.”
There were footprints in the muddy river bank around the body but they were virtually useless. Even to Sherlock. The water lapping at the shore had made them resemble nothing so much as morse code. Sherlock was brilliant but translating dots and dashes into a shoe size was beyond even him.
Suddenly a bullet hit the helicopter and ricocheted off the steel embedding itself into John’s left shoulder dropping him like a bag of rocks.
“Ah! Here we go. Read it.” John demanded forcing Sherlock’s face against the page with a none too gentle push.
“Nothing. I’m going to bed. We’ll talk in the morning,” John said, heading for their bedroom. With a “goodnight” thrown over his shoulder, he crossed the foyer in record time, opened the bedroom door and shut it quickly behind him.
His cock throbbed painfully and his balls ached. John checked the time and was shocked to find that he’d preparing Sherlock for the better part of an hour. John hadn’t been paying attention to anything other than himself and it was at this point that John finally realized that Sherlock hadn’t uttered a sound the entire time. There was some moaning and groaning to do. Time to move this along.
“I plan on working on one of my projects next week. It’s going to be fun, having the time to do something I love and not be interrupted.” Sebastian said with a smile.
“That’s ridiculous! We have a position open right now where I work and we’ve been trying to fill it for the past six months…but…” Mike trailed off.
“Bob and Elizabeth Watson aren’t your real parents and Harriet isn’t your sister,” Sherlock said straight faced.
“No. I will not just “stick it” in you. I want you to enjoy this. I’m very good at my job, Sherlock. You might walk funny when you leave but it’ll be a satisfied walk. Trust me.” John said.
“Off to get a better class of insults from my sister. Good luck with your foot in mouth disease.” John said over his shoulder as he continued on his way.
Although, admittedly, this was uncharted territory for Sherlock so he had no idea what would happen next. What most worried him was the “improvising.” He didn’t really think that John would do him any permanent damage but he knew for sure that he was about to be in a world of hurt.
“Why do you always do that. Say something only to lie and say that you said something else? You think I don’t notice but I do.”
“Barkeep, I’d like to settle John’s tab before I drag this dumb arse kicking and screaming from your establishment.”
John tilted his coffee cup and tapped the sludge remaining in the bottom into his mouth. Crushing the cup and tossing it across the room into the nearest bin, he began to pack up.
“Right behind you, Jim.” Moran said, hurrying along to keep up with his master leaving John alone once again.
She went digging around in the chair she’d been sitting in and Valley of the Dolls was right where she’d left it.
“And he lost. I see. Tell me a little bit about the man who thinks that he can best me. Why haven’t I seen him before?”
I don’t know if you’re trying to make me laugh on purpose but you’re last text did much to cheer up what has otherwise been a gloomy day. I will most definitely be thinking of you tonight when I go to bed.
The sound of Velcro being removed was jarring in the relative quiet of the room but neither man noticed or, if they did, cared.
“No. It’s not just that I won’t do it. I physically can’t do it. My shoulder can’t support that kind of pressure and you know it.”
“You promised he’d be safe in St Bart’s too. I told you that they’d just come in and take him. I told you that but you wouldn’t listen!”
“I’m sure that the cleaner’s is well versed in removing come stains from clothes. We are in the heart of London, after all.”
“Ah, well, I’m about to cut you open - just a small cut - and install a CV Port near your collar bone. I wish you weren’t going to be awake when I start but considering that it’s now 11:30pm, I can’t take the chance of Sherlock coming to the rescue before I’ve finished.”
“How do you think I know? I have spies too. I’m no fool. I can smell it on you. Smell HIM on you and I don’t like it,” Moriarty finished angrily.
After opening the container with the allegedly (John hoped) sterilized equipment, Sebastian went to the sink, thoroughly washed his hands, then donned surgical gloves. John really wished someone had helped him put those on.
They lay together afterwards, panting, trying to get their breath back. John hugged Sherlock tight to his chest.
“That speed reading thing is going to be the death of you one day, Sherlock. Try again and this time, pay attention.” Moriarty pushed the file back over to Sherlock who opened it again with a put upon sigh.
“I’m aware that you’ve seen at least one of the notes that Moriarty has left for Sherlock…” Mycroft began.
‘That woman’s crazy but she’s my kind of crazy.’ Irene thought with a sigh, then wrapped herself in her covers and went back to sleep
“John? I saw him last night. I see him every night. Facilities. Housekeeping. He works the night shift so I can’t help but run into him. Nice bloke. Is something wrong with him? He wasn’t feeling well last night. I told him that I’d call him a cab but he said that he had too much work to do and couldn’t leave yet. He assured me that he’d take a break and would be fine. Apparently espresso doesn’t agree with him.”
“Wait a minute. Did you feel that little ‘grab’ in the knuckle when I pushed the finger back into your hand?”
Just then, Sherlock’s mobile gave a text alert. Reaching down, he fished his mobile out of his suit coat and read the text in silence.
After watching Sherlock struggle to get to his feet without the use of his hands, John once again grabbed the silk cord binding his wrists and yanked up forcing a quick moan of pain from Sherlock.
“I said, I’m not a bloody alcoholic. It’s not my kind of high. It’s not that I can’t drink, I just don’t,” Sherlock got out between clenched teeth.
“It’s Miss Watson and fuck the baby. I just want it out of me. I don’t care what you do with it. Keep it. I don’t want it!”
He tried looking around the room but his eyesight was still blurry from the sedation and he couldn’t quite make out his surroundings. Had he been in an accident?
“Don’t start that! And I want you right here in this position when I get back. I think that I’ll be mistress tonight. Get my strap on ready for me, darling. Would you?” Becca said to Irene with a smile who brightly returned it.
Letting John’s arm down by his side gently, Sherlock said, “Alright but I will be looking at this later.”
“Are you repulsed by me now? A vampire murderer? Not that it matters since you won’t remember any of this later,” John asked
"He's been leaving bodies around London specifically requesting your attention. With notes...pinned to the victim's tongue,” Mycroft said with distaste.
“In the beginning…” Sherlock stopped and waited to see if John was going to complain. When he didn’t, he began again.
“I know. That was a good one. You’re welcome. Come back later for more of the same,” Moriarty said, nestling down in his blankets.
John stopped walking and turned around to face the man.  He was impeccably dressed down to the watch on a chain on his vest and an…umbrella? It wasn’t supposed to rain, was it? John didn’t really pay attention to the weather reports. It didn’t matter to him one way or another. He went from spot A to spot B regardless of the weather so it didn’t affect him at all.
Becca got up, went into the living room and started perusing Johns’ selection of books. One was wedged in the back which of course made Becca want it even more. Prying it out, she looked at the cover and smiled.
I watched with rapt attention while Sherlock slowly slid his robe up, first displaying only the bottom of one cheek and then the other. I gulped.
Sherlock threw his mobile across the room in a fit of anger. It hit the back of the couch with a heavy “thump” sliding down between the cushions. Sherlock hurried over and anxiously dug it out. He couldn’t let his temper get in the way of getting information about John. Especially if it was from Moriarty.
“I did. I’m so sorry, Sebastian. Forgive me?” Jim asked with a secretive smile on his lips as he ran the back of one hand up and down one of the hands Moran was using to hold Jim up by the shirt.
“Nah. There’s no place near as nice as this one. Irene protects her staff, keeps them safe. No health worries. Always paid on time. I’d never get that anywhere else. I guess that means I’m retired.”
John took in Sherlock’s flushed and sweaty face, and slouched position against the headboard and said, “Of course you’re not.”
He slowly cracked his eyes open only to widen them completely when he saw Sherlock’s silvery blue eyes smiling at him. ‘What the hell?’
“Fine,” John said, giving up. Sherlock had to finish any second now so he’d just wait him out. The bastard.
“It’s Twister,” replied John. “This nutter wanted to play nude Twister now here we are. Get off me!” John said, finally able to shove Sherlock’s surprisingly heavy form off of his own.
I’m speechless. However did you find what is clearly and antique, well loved doctor’s bag. The one that I had was indeed ratty so this gift was fortuitous in it’s arrival.
Since Harriet didn’t work and couldn’t go back to school - the nuns hadn’t been fooled by the ‘late in life’ story and nuns had a very long memory - Harriet’s job was to stay at home and take care of the baby that she hated more and more each day. She could barely stand to look at him - he looked just like her father - much less feed him, change his nappies, wash and clothe him. He was an anchor around her neck. She was trapped and it was driving her insane.
“I’m not giving up yet!” John reached into his pocket pulling out a sachet of sugerical lube. He wiggled the packet up at Sherlock.
“That’s Mycroft, alright. Would you please do me the favor of getting into his vehicle. I fear that I’ve mucked things all up and he would probably be the better choice to explain things to you.” Sherlock admitted begrudgingly.
It was his sixth visit and he was feeling a bit frustrated. Oh, not from lack of sex. On the contrary, he’d fucked someone every time he’d been there but it was never satisfying.
Will had to admit that if he hadn’t known how much John had already had, he wouldn’t have been able to tell; although the fumes coming off of him might have given him a clue.
“Fine, but if I end up murdered with a note pinned to my tongue, you’ll only have yourself to blame.” John said, disconnecting the call without waiting to hear Sherlock’s response.
“There’s no risk of your losing then. Is that a yes, John?” Sherlock asked, giving John’s cock another squeeze.
John eased out, and slid back picking up the pace on each thrust until he was pounding Sherlock into the headboard.
“John, you did all of this in just under a week? I would have known had you started sooner. I’m assuming that you paid some awful forfeit to get Mycroft to help with this?”
Unerringly finding Sherlock’s prostate, John began to massage it lightly. Sherlock bucked and moaned.
“Sounds good,” John said, giving a little wave as he turned to leave heading in the opposite direction.
Sherlock began rocking back and forth, fucking himself on John’s fist as he groaned in seeming ecstasy. John couldn’t take it anymore. He was about to come untouched. He needed to fuck Sherlock RIGHT NOW!
“Lovers…” Sherlock sighed and then dropped off to sleep. John waited a few more minutes then disentangled himself from Sherlock’s embrace and went to make tea. He’d gotten everything setup when he noticed the scones on the table.
“Thank you for all of your help, I truly couldn’t have done it without you!” He leaned over, placed a soft kiss on Mrs Hudson’s powdery cheek and followed Sherlock up the stairs; one at a time.
“Sorry about earlier. Won’t happen again,” Anderson said, face still a flaming beacon of embarrassment.
“Hmmm…unexpected result! I need to add this observation into my table.” Sherlock leapt up, cock still out, lap uncleaned, and took a step towards the kitchen where his laptop was waiting for this supposedly urgent data.
John felt sticky and really didn’t want to go home like that so he agreed; Sherlock followed. John sighed beginning to pull his clothes off yet again.
“Well, that’s a tough question. He works in a section of the government with mob-like tendencies but, no, not officially the mob.”
“How do you know that? These transactions are business only, you don’t need to worry about anything else. Did Irene tell you that?”
“The minute that I set eyes on you, I knew that I wanted you, however, I’m not very, um…good in the sexuality department. I wasn’t going to do anything besides interviewing you.”
“I heard their stories of broken bones, kicked out teeth, gang rape… Ironically, it seemed very important to them that I knew that they used condoms, as if that made everything ok. Finally, I’d heard enough.” John went silent, a far away look in his eyes as he idly trailed a finger down Sherlock’s arm.
“That’s where you’re wrong. I could do this all night and not only would you be grateful for it, you’d lick it off of the floor if I told you to,” Moriarty gazed into her eyes, pushing the direction into her; making her think that it was her own idea.
Sherlock was about to ask why but then realized that he no longer card. He placed his hands in John’s.
“I don’t suppose that you dropped by the chemist’s on your way home for those nicotine patches that I asked for?” Sherlock asked with resigned sigh.
“Third, half, whatever. Either way it’s going to hurt when I begin cutting and I’d prefer it if you weren’t wiggling about while I’m working.”
“I’ll never get used to you not wearing pants. Don’t get me wrong, I love it, but it still shocks me every time.”
They’d hidden the entire pregnancy. Had her drop out of school as soon as she started to show. Never let her leave the house. No doctor visits. No friends over either. Bob didn’t believe the lie that Harriet had been raped. That little slut slept around and he knew it.
“Yes. Jim. I’d say that you’ll like him but I don’t want to lie to you. You’re really not going to like him and he doesn’t want you to, so…,” Moran said with shrug and a smile.
“Easy, sweetheart. I don’t want to hurt you,” John was using every bit of willpower he had to keep from shoving his cock in all at once. Even though John had cheated and used glamour to move things along, he still wanted Sherlock’s first time to be good. Being unable to walk afterwards was not good and so he took his time easing in until he was fully seated in Sherlock’s snug heat.
“Mother fucker!” John yelled from the ground, watching the figure in a black coat that was swinging back and forth as he rapidly ran out of eyesight. Unable to hold himself up on his good elbow anymore, he finally lay supine on the ground trying to catch his breath. That bastard had just clipped his bad shoulder as he went racing by and John had fallen to the ground in agony. The man hadn’t even had the decency to stop and see if he was alright. Actually, he didn’t seem to realize that he’d run into someone or anything at all. The bloody bastard.
“Um…you hit me with your fist and I don’t fight back? Is that what’s bothering you?” Sherlock asked.
“I just need a moment, possibly three, for my erection to subside enough to allow me to walk comfortably. Then we can be on our way to Baker Street.”
“Not much. I didn’t want to touch the body before the Yard got here not to mention that I don’t carry examination gloves on me everywhere I go. I’m not in the habit of being prepared to tend a murder at a moment’s notice,” John said, half jokingly, half seriously. When he left his lab, he left everything behind him. He had learned not to carry those kinds of emotions home with him. Of course, that was made a lot easier by the fact that the corpse was already very dead by the time it got to him. He hadn’t lost a patient yet. John smiled.
‘Oh. That sneaky bastard!’ John thought, the quirk of his lips the only indication that he was amused. If there was one thing that John had learned about Sherlock in the short amount of time that he’d known him it was this; he knew how to work a situation to his advantage and as loathe as John was to admit it, he admired how Sherlock always managed to obey instructions while simultaneously working a way around them to accomplish whatever his goal of the moment was.
“And what could you possibly have that would even remotely interest me?” Sherlock asked, barely containing his excitement.
Anderson briefly thought about leaving but decided to stand his rocky ground and waited for John to stalk his way over to him. He wasn’t afraid of John, not really. Especially with that bum shoulder. He’d just been caught off guard earlier but he had his eye on him now; he wasn’t going to get the better of him this time.
“Believe what you’d like, Doctor Watson, it still won’t change the fact that you and my brother are now one. That’s more binding in our world than marriage, which we once did for public display but since it’s now common for people to live together, that’s no longer ‘required’ to maintain a facade anymore. No, I’m afraid that you’ll be together until death do you part.”
John and Mike discovered that they both had a love of science and wanted to become physicians. Specifically surgeons. Mike stayed in London to attend university, while John joined the army because he couldn’t afford university but as a member of the armed services, he could go for free.
John paused in the act of pulling his jumper over his head, shoulders slumped, he heaved a heavy sigh and said, “Sorry.”
“So Gregory said. I’m glad that you were paying attention despite,” Mycroft gestured at their undignified position, “all of this.”
Fortunately, he was able to get through the door to 221B Baker Street without catching Mrs Hudson’s attention. Hopefully that old busy body next door hadn’t seen him either.
His turquoise eyes were shut, hands crossed on his chest over his deep green silk dressing gown. Sherlock had so many of these and in such a large variety of colors; John often wondered if he bought them by the gross and had them delivered when John was working. They just seemed to appear on Sherlock as if it was his version of a magicians scarf trick.
Mycroft was in no way fat and he knew it. He’d been heavy as a child but had worked hard, still worked hard, at keeping the extra weight at bay. Still, it was one of Mycroft’s weaknesses that Sherlock knew and exploited at every opportunity. That and being wrong - about anything. Sherlock enjoyed nothing better than driving home one of his barbs. Mycroft rarely made an error so attacking his weight was the next best thing and it hit its mark every time.
“Well, I think there has to be. We’re bonded but we don’t have to stay together if we don’t want to so I don’t feel forced into a relationship with you, whether I wanted one or not. That was one of my main concerns.” John said, reaching up and watching as a silky curl wrapped around his finger as if trying to pull him closer.
“It took a bit longer than I’d thought it would but eventually, I stumbled upon using certain words to trigger my erection, which worked well but I was still unable to achieve an orgasm untouched.”
“Yes sir. Very good. I should really hook up another IV bag of fluids. He doesn’t look too good at the moment. Probably dehydrated. Definitely anemic. Even with the full bore connection in his chest, he’s running through fluids a lot faster than I’d originally planned. I need to make a run to Bart’s and grab a few more bags of blood.”
“I am SO sorry! You haven’t said. Are you ok? Was it any good at all? I feel so bad,” John exclaimed sincerely.
“If only you weren’t so delicious, Jackie-boy. Hey! I’m talking to you!” Moriarty said, poking John with his fingers and getting no results.
“Alright, sweetheart,” John agreed and they slowly walked into Sherlock’s bedroom letting the door swing shut behind them.
“Fine. I’ll give you that one. But a couple of blokes having it off together is quite different than taking a cock up one’s arse. You can see that in your logical brain, can’t you?”
“Good on you! You should rest while you can. You never know when there might be a rash of bodies to deal with,” Sebastian smiled somewhat chillingly which bothered John for some unknown reason that he quickly dismissed.
“No sir, I’ve been guarding the door just like Doctor Watson told me to,” said the bouncer, the pub owner nodding in agreement. John was well known and well liked in this pub only a few blocks walk from St Bart’s. You couldn’t throw a stone in this pub on a Friday night without hitting some sort of medical personnel.
“Nothin’s wrong wiff ma voicth. Sthis sthupid stube s’stuck on ma tongue and I can’th pull it off.” Jim made as if to pull the tubing off of his tongue but Sebastian took care of it for him in order to hold what little blood John had left, inside of him.
“Sally, please show John your badge so that he will stop thinking I’m some strange man who stages elaborate accidents to invite men to a pub.”
I'm sorry for taking so long with this. It's been written for awhile but I wasn't happy with it. lost my motivation so I was having a hard time getting back to it.
“Wasting YOUR time! I’ve been trying for months to get your attention and you’ve given me nothing! Absolutely nothing. I just couldn’t let that stand, Sherlock. I really couldn’t. I’m not a patient man. Not to mention the fact that your brother is an interfering arse who’s been hiding all of the action from you and the Yard. Can’t do that anymore though, can he? Play time is over.” Moriarty said in a sing song tone of voice.
Pumping a generous amount into my hand, ran first one then two fingers down his crack, sliding them easily into his rectum.
“OI! Are you ok in there?” Still no answer. There wasn’t a lock on the bathroom door so John pushed it open. Or tried to. He’d barely opened it a crack before it was met with resistance. He pushed again.
“Wouldn’t miss this for the world!” Lestrade finished his drink, set some money on the table and followed them out. This was the most fun he’d had in months. Lestrade thought that Sherlock might just have met his match. Brilliant!
John put his ear to the bathroom door. He could have sworn that he’d heard Sherlock talking to someone. He’d been in there for over 25 minutes. John rapped at the door with the back of his knuckles.
“Well, what does it mean? That we reallym, really like each other? Pal around together? Are we just great friends?”
“There’s no one there,” John said as he walked back to Sherlock. He slid his hand under Sherlock’s coat and inside trousers and pants, cupping his bottom.
Then it was time to start school and John couldn’t wait! He’d be out of the house, finally able to make friends and Lawrence would be in the grade ahead of him because he’d been born in December and John in March. But then it was decided that it would be better to keep them in the same grade so that they'd have each other's support in a new school. If John thought his life was hell before, it was nothing compared to Lawrence and his gang of friends.
Tearing open another packet containing an alcohol swab, Sebastian cleaned the area near John’s collarbone, preparing the site to be numbed. He jabbed the needle in several locations to make sure that the lidocaine was well distributed.
“Yeah. I don’t think so,” John said, annoyed. “It’s not every day that someone accosts you and tells you that not only are you a ‘supernatural being’ you’re something called a ‘Dhamphir. Vampires are real, by the way and we’re Soul Mates so we’re compelled to be together. Move in with me.’ Bollocks to that.”
“Well, what a sweet talker. How can I say no to that? You know I’m not a young man anymore, Sherlock. I can’t come twice within 10 minutes like a teenager.”
Once Sherlock was free and tried to subtly shake the pins and needles out of his limbs, John was pulling him towards him using his hips as guides.
“What are you doing, John? You were never this early when I was waiting for you. And why are you happy - without me? That can’t be good.” Sherlock whispered to himself.
Sherlock stood, shook his arms out a few times and stretched. Pulling his pajama bottoms up just enough to avoid tripping over them, he obediently went to his bedroom, and removed his robe and pajama bottoms. Then he lay face down on the bed, head resting on his pillow and waited…
“I’m Mycroft Holmes. Sherlock’s older brother. He’s sent me here to talk some sense into you although clearly that’s a waste of time, as I expected.”
“What if I don’t want a break, Sherlock? May I call you Sherlock? And you must call me John,” he said, sliding the fingers of his free hand further into Sherlock’s pants.
Short chapter. Mistakes, I've made a few. Just take it with grain of salt. Sherlock next chapter. Promise!
“Oh! What a relief! You’re not allergic or anything, are you? Actually, I guess we’d already have known that by now. So…you can drink then?” John asked.
“What did you say?” Sebastian said, allowing some of his anger to escape now that Becca was doing her job.
“I’ve reviewed all of the surveillance video and sent it to you right away. Haven’t you looked at it yet?” Mycroft asked, studiously ignoring Sherlock’s ‘corpse’ comment.
Setting the syringe down on the tray next to John, Moran turned to leave only stopping when Jim called out to him.
“Honestly, Sherlock. This is a black tie event. You couldn’t be bothered to do something with your hair? You look positively insane.”
“That word was the final push that I needed to come. I wouldn’t want to go through this again but I’m happy with the way it turned out.”
Well, this kind of thinking wasn’t getting him anywhere. Especially considering that Jim had probably killed John by now. Just that thought alone had Sebastian pick up his already hurried pace.
“I went easy on you. Especially considering your lack of sportsmanship. Best get that arm seen to,” John said, turning to leave.
“What do you expect me to do, mom? Are you suggesting that I get an abortion?” John said a little teary eyed.
After the addition of a third and final finger, John continued digitally fucking Sherlock for what seemed to be an unnecessarily long amount of time.
I haven't done any editing or rereading this whatsoever. Blah, blah, blah. I hope you like it despite it's obvious lack of polish.
“For someone with a high tolerance for pain, you’re sure over reacting about a little bit of cutting. It’s only a meter.” John smirked again. Enjoying winding Sherlock up. It was nice being the agitator for a change.
“And tell them what exactly? He leaves no evidence and he’s a well respected member of society. I’d look like a fool without proof and that’s what I plan to do. Get proof,” Sherlock finished.
“I wasn’t talking about murder and an abortion isn’t murder. I wasn’t planning on getting an abortion anyhow. I believe that everyone has a right to choose and I don’t fault them for it but it’s not for me.”
John let Sherlock’s cock fall out of his lips gracelessly and asked with barely veiled impatience, “Yes?”
“What? Oh. Yes. I mean, no. It’s surprisingly very pleasant. Although my erection is so firm, I don’t know what you expect to accomplish.”
“The baby’s looking for comfort. You could try suckling him. It might change how you feel. You might be able to bond with him.”
“Well, I do. I’m sure that you know where I live. Don’t bother contacting me again. Goodbye Sherlock.” John left, slamming the door behind him followed by a quick run down the steps and slamming the front door too.
“Makes sense, I guess. Well, what about that last one? Just looks like plain old ivy to me.” John said.
Basically, he was faking it until he could be released from the mandatory therapy. He said nothing about his childhood - he never even thought about it so there was no reason to discuss it. Why dredge up the past? He just wanted Ella to sign off on the therapy so that he could stop wasting his time there.
“That’s the funny thing. I really should be but when I went in this morning, they told me that I was on leave for the next week which was news to me. I told them that I’d rather work but was told that the orders came from “higher up” and to “go home”,” whoever the hell that “higher up” is. Although I suspect that some tall, dark, curly haired man has something to do with it.” John said, shaking the last drops from a bottle that was now empty
And not only did she have to watch this brat but she watched her sister’s brat (Lawrence) too - who, in Harriet’s opinion, was God’s payback - had been born three months earlier than John. Oh, but her sister had been married first AND had a job, so she was held up as a paragon of virtue while Harriet was reminded day after day - ‘subtly’ - of her sins as she continued on with her penance of acting as wife of the house with kids who were so close in age as to be virtually twins. She was almost 18 now and constantly dreamed of leaving all of this behind her. She just needed to gather the courage to do it. She knew she’d never be welcomed home again and right now, she didn’t care. There was nothing here for her anyway.
“That wasn’t so bad now, was it?” Sebastian asked, covering the site of the incision with a clear adhesive bandage.
Wrapping his forearms beneath John’s knees, he push up until he was able to slam into John while stimulating his cock between them. No hands needed. They were both so horny that the slightest touch was going to set them off.
“You’re to only person I know who can be incredibly aroused but still be willing to stop at a moments notice. I’m almost certain that I should be offended. Aren’t you uncomfortable?”
“Text me with any information that you get and if that mad man’s caught the suspect, take him into custody and tell Sherlock that I’d like to speak to him.”
Truth be told, Sherlock was still a little tired and so didn’t mind an extra nap, as it were. John was already asleep and Sherlock just curled around him like nothing so much as a big cat, and quickly fell asleep himself.
“It’s…I think it’s Mycroft. I think that he accidentally butt-dialed me. He yelled something about Greg waiting for him and now it’s just a bunch of moaning and groaning.”
“Yeah. Well, here is your first month supply of suppressors, you know that Omegas aren’t allowed in the armed forces if they can go into heat. It’s distracting to everyone.”
Muscles suddenly relaxing, John landed heavily on Sherlock’s back causing his cock to slip, his body quickly falling on the floor next to Sherlock.
Let me repeat: I wrote this all in one go. I have not reread it but I hope for the best. If there are errors - and I'm sure there are - no sense complaining about them because this story is all a blur and I probably won't know what you're talking about.
John pushed Sherlock’s hands behind his head entwining their fingers while he rubbed against Sherlock’s cock, peppering him with kisses. He licked Sherlock’s nipple on each upthrust until Sherlock was panting for it.
“Aint’ that the truth!” Sebastian said. Walking behind John’s chair, he placed his hands under his arms and began gently lifting him to a standing position.
“Here. Turn around,” John said, placing his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders and forcibly turning him until his back was pressed against the wall.
“This arse is too lovely to just fuck right away. This requires finesses. All that to say that you’re arse is gorgeous and I’m going to fuck your hole with my tongue until you’re begging me to fuck you.” John waited a moment to give Sherlock time to say ‘I don’t beg’ but he was silent, watching John with those amazing aquamarine eyes.
"You've been watching me. It's hard to miss," Sherlock said, running a hand slowly down the silk covering that lovely arse. I felt drunk with pleasure, that and I felt that I could hammer nails with my cock.
“Have you?” Sherlock said, his voice deepening in that way that made all of John’s blood rush to his groin.
“Your flat was further away and you seemed to be taking the news of your history poorly.” Sherlock said matter of factly.
“I don’t usually have anyone in here with that kind of ability to hold their liquor, not to mention the fact that John never drinks like that and he was having a bad day, so…”
“Come on. Don’t keep me waiting, sweetheart.” John tugged on the sash once more causing Sherlock to lose his balance and begin toppling backwards.
Sherlock had somehow convinced John into letting him insert a piece of peeled ginger - carved into the shape of a dildo - into his anus two days ago. His arsehole had felt like it was on fire and that fire had seemed to last forever. He’d finally resorted to putting a wet flannel in the freezer briefly and then folding it in two and shoving it between his arse cheeks. And then Sherlock had wanted to fuck him afterwards which John had said no to comparing it to having a red hot poker shoved up his arse and that he’d frankly prefer the poker to Sherlock’s cock at that point.
“You’re the only one who knew about this. Who gave me advice. You told me that if I wanted John, I needed to change my personality. Well, I did that and he thought it was weird. Even I thought it was weird. I couldn’t have maintained all of that sexual aggression and despite his obviously stiff member, he was not interested.”
“This really isn’t the end of the world, John. It isn’t. It’s horrible and I wish that it hadn’t happened but nothing we do will change that and there are plenty of Alphas out there who don’t want children but still desire a bond mate. It’s not unheard of.”
“I think that you can handle swapping the blood out from here, idiot,” Becca said, shouldering her purse.
Sherlock came forcefully, his hole milking John’s cock. John couldn’t have stopped himself if he’d tried. He’d never felt anything like this before. Sherlock’s muscle flexing around his cock, forcing him to come. It felt amazing and he knew that he wanted to have this man again as soon as possible.
“Seb. Seb. I’m too tired for sex. Later. ‘K?” Jim said with a sigh as he leaned his head on Moran’s chest.
“It’s just yellow. I’m leaving with or without you!” Sherlock was now rocking side to side, randomly touching the front of his trousers as if trying to brush something off.
“Are you?” John swallowed the next glass and reached for the bottle which Sherlock easily pulled away from him.
“That we’re performing the script now and nothing I say will change that.” Sherlock said sounding utterly defeated.
John pulled Sherlock in closer to himself, settled further into the blankets and fell asleep with thoughts of revenge, a predatory smile on his lips.
“Must you allow anyone who asks, to give you drugs? Have you no sense of self-preservation? No. Of course you don’t that’s why I’m always cleaning up your messes.”
The victims had several things in common; they were around the same age - early thirties - with an athletic build. The were also relatively attractive, before the murder, that is, although there was definitely a certain type of person who would find them more attractive now.
“Of course I do. Your partner. The person you sleep…have sex with. The person that you put above all others.”
“Good. This sash is going to be in my way for the next scene and I would have been very disappointed to have had to leave you tied up.” John grabbed the end of the slipknot and pulled it effortlessly through the loop releasing Sherlock’s wrists in an instant.
“Your clothes. They’re wrinkled. No wedding band. Not even a trace of ever having worn one so no spouse. Could be a girlfriend or a boyfriend but you seem like a loner to me.”
“Barkeep, just how much has our good Doctor Watson had so far this afternoon?” Sherlock asked Will with a heavy emphasis on “afternoon.”
‘I’ve got you now, Moriarty,’ Sherlock thought, hurriedly pulling on his coat and scarf. Taking the steps two at a time, Sherlock exited the building, the lighted windows of 221 Baker Street rapidly receding behind him as he rushed out into the dark night to find John Watson.
As they reached a lovely staircase where a manmade waterfall had been set up to at the top to dazzle the guests, Sherlock turned to John and hissed;
He felt Sherlock’s fingers tighten in his hair and smiled as he pulled off of his cock with a suckle followed by another kiss. Looking up at Sherlock from beneath his lashes, John asked,
“I’m having trouble feeling anything besides this pain in my shoulder,” Anderson said, tears coming to his eyes.
“You’re under a glamor and you’re still embarrassed? You’re a very interesting man with incredible will power. I might have to keep you. Would you like that, Sherlock?”
“Yes but that’s most often done while being intimate with your partner or if your partner has been hurt, they can feed from you to help them regain their strength. Recovery depends on the amount of damage done to the body and blood loss, naturally.”
“Goddamit! Moriarty! I knew it!” Sherlock shouted and then he called the first person who could remotely help.
“I don’t think so. We’ve spoken long enough and I wouldn’t exactly call it productive.” Sherlock turned and began pulling his coat on.
Over these few months, I’ve discovered that you’re very literal and that I should consider my words more carefully when we text. I hope that you’re not actually counting the moments until we can be together again although it’s fine if you are. XOXO
“Sure I will. I’m your only link, albeit tenuous, to John. You’d be a fool to kill me but go ahead. I don’t mind,” Becca said, finishing with a disturbing smile and closing her eyes.
“I appreciate the thought,” John replied. “But this will do for the moment. You see, I just found out that I was already adopted and am celebrating the news. Cheers!” John held his glass up in a toast and quickly swallowed the scotch, enjoying the burn as it went down his throat.
Sliding his hand firmly down his shaft, John used Sherlock’s cock to pull him back against his hips.
They were almost at John’s flat and Sherlock was beginning to feel a bit…he had no idea what but he didn’t like it. His heart was pounding so fast that it felt like it was about to jump out of his chest. He was also nervous which was ridiculous. Sherlock Holmes was never nervous. He had perfect control over his emotions at all times.
It was going to be miserable until Sherlock had him back in 221B, hale and hearty or at least walking under his own steam.
John increased his focus on sucking, licking, and stroking Sherlock’s cock, his own arousal clear in his frenzied motions.
John moaned and kept sucking. This was the sexiest man he’d ever met. This was the best experience he’d ever had sexually and that was saying something.
“You’re absolutely sure? There’s nothing? Nothing I can do to change your mind?” Sherlock rocked his cock against John’s arse while picking up the speed of his strokes.
“Can you give me an estimated amount of time that will have to pass before you’ll allow me to fuck you?”
“Thank you, John but I assure you that I’m quite average,” Sherlock said with a blush that John found endearing.
John began smacking Sherlock’s arse even harder than before. Around the twenty-fifth strike, Sherlock moaned. At thirty-five, he began pleading for John to stop.
Greg had his fist raised to knock when there was a crash followed by some rather creative cursing by Doctor Watson. Greg looked at Mycroft and said;
“You don’t need to call the cops,” Sherlock said to Will, putting a little extra push behind the ‘suggestion.’
“No need to be so petty, John! Slamming the door? Really? I’m working on something very important and I’m close to the solution…John?”
John leaned down and placed a kiss at the head of Sherlock’s cock and then straightened up and began removing his jacket.
I really wanted this to be a lot shorter but it wouldn't end. I have an entire spare chapter of nonsense that I'm not posting. I know that the ending drags well past where it should have ended but I finally gave up cutting things out and posted what was left.
“I’m your only daughter, da. Alpha or otherwise. Don’t forget about your Omega son at home,” she said slyly.
“You’re not my type. I prefer my partners sane.” Sherlock said, standing again, the laser following him.
“Just…I’m never going to get that image out of my head. Forget that. All I’m trying to say is that you will not be sticking your cock up my arse any time in the near future. Possibly ever. I need time to get used to the idea.”
“I don’t mean it to sound as if I’m over worked. I just enjoy the sense of accomplishment. I feel deeply satisfied in a job well done. That sounds thoughtless and uncaring about the dead but I actually meant it more along the lines of wrapping things up for their loved ones and closing the file. Ok. That sounded a bit cold too. I should probably stop talking right now before I say anything more insensitive,” John said with a laugh.
“Why didn’t you just call Scotland Yard and have him picked up when you were supposed to meet?” John demanded.
“He claims that he’s friends with John and knows nothing of what happened to him after he went home from work. I hope that you can get more out of him than I could although I doubt it. He seems to be a highly motivated liar.” Sherlock said, exiting the open door. He didn’t look back.
“Amazing the stuff that’s disposable these days, eh? A plastic speculum,” John said, turning the tool back and forth, admiring its now lavishly greased construction.
It looks weird and I apologize but I hit the wrong button and reformatted my entire chapter. Since I was more concerned with losing the text than fixing it, I left it alone. I hope it's not too difficult to read.
Sherlock stood outside contemplating his latest visit to Irene Adler’s upscale brothel. Black cards only, dear.
And so Sherlock went to bed in a sulk, forgetting all about his bargained for nicotine patch. John remembered though. Turning over with his back to Sherlock, he fell rapidly into a self-satisfied sleep. A smug smile upon his lips.
“You said that Doctor Watson would ‘handle’ the clients. Did he accomplish this through violence?” Sherlock asked, completely ignoring Irene’s last comment.
“It’s just a huge night of firsts for you all around, isn’t it?” John asked, pinching one of Sherlock’s cheeks.
John handed the bottle back to Will, saying, “And bring more glasses for my new family!” Gesturing to the empty seats in his booth. “You know what? Never mind. I’ve got it covered,” John said, waving the bartender off.
“I’m trying to take my mind off the pain. I can’t get into my Mind Palace to escape so you’re all I have in terms of distraction.”
Sherlock kept turning the crime scenes over and over in his head. He had an almost photographic memory but he still had a desperate need to touch, feel, and see things. He used these things in combination with technology with very satisfactory results.
“I know that, silly. But what about John’s life?” Becca continued on into the bedroom and setting everything down on the nightstand, took off her jacket and threw it behind her.
Grabbing his cock, he lined it up with Sherlock’s loosened arsehole and, without finesse, slammed into him with such force that Sherlock was rocked forward. So slippery. John groaned.
“You know who. John Watson! What have you done with him?!” Sherlock asked, tightening his hold on the collar just enough to cause Moran to cough.
Sherlock was sitting in his chair, knees to chest, fingers folded beneath his chin when he smelled a very distinctive perfume.
“Sherlock would never think to call him ‘Jack’ so it could be your special name for him.” Seb proposed, almost shyly.
John’s eyelids slowly fluttered open, the pain from the surgery waking him up as the sedative finished leaving his body.
“Well, how about a refresher then.” John said, letting go of Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock sighed in relief.
“Nope. Don’t need to. I just need access to your arse and your cock which are conveniently located in the same neighborhood,” John said, pulling the belt through the loops with a surprising snap and tossing it behind his back.
“Seb…before you leave…Do you think…Would you mind giving Doctor Watson here another shot of that delicious pain killer before you go? It really spices things up. I mean, he’s delicious without it but one does need to salt one’s food occasionally.”
“They’re incompetent and understaffed and they need me. Isn’t that right, Lestrade.” Another statement of fact.
John licked his lips. Sometime during this, he’d taken out his cock and begun stroking it without realizing it, all thought centered around the need to fuck Sherlock right then and there.
Placing his hands on Sherlock’s hips, he pulled Sherlock back onto his cock after every withdrawal. So warm, so tight. John knew that he probably wouldn’t last long considering how hard he’d been through Sherlock’s ‘experiment’ but that was ok. He’s have him again later at a more leisurely, and lengthy, pace. Right now though? He just wanted to come as soon as possible. He’d save the finesse for later.
“I think it more likely that I’d take a chunk out of your flesh considering that I don’t have fangs.”
“You know I’m a professional, Mycroft. Always label your work for the next person. Some HIPPA thing I think. I don’t know. I just do it because it’s polite.”
He’d heard his name called but ignored it, only picking up his pace instead. How had he been noticed? He was clearly out of practice at being invisible. That sniper had certainly seen him though.
“I’m going to rail the hell out of you, love. Go to the bed and lay on your left side, right leg pulled up towards your chest. Go on.” John patted Sherlock’s chest to move him along and began slicking his cock with lube.
“And I’m rich. Filthy rich. I’d actually draw more attention if I behave in a - how should I put this - flamboyant manner. Hiding in plain sight, as it were.” Moriarty laughed again.
“Hands and knees! Do it!” John said, applying a stinging slap to Sherlock’s buttocks simultaneously.
Placing a hand on one of Sherlock’s cheeks to stop him from moving, John removed his hand followed quickly by returning the speculum to its original size and removing it. Throwing it into the bin, he tore off the surgical gloves, pulling them inside out, pitching them into the bin as well.
“Well, we’ll just see about that! I’m not going to have John and his brat bleeding us dry.” No mention of Harriet moving out although she was nearing her 20th birthday. She’d yet to begin looking for a job much less helping to  support the family. Living rent free, she was daddy’s little girl who could do no wrong.
“Doctor Watson, I didn’t know that you had it in you,” Sherlock said, shoving the doctor hard enough to knock him back a few feet but not nearly as far as Sherlock thought he should have gone. Sherlock hadn’t met anyone who could beat him in a fight - yet. He might have finally met his match in Doctor Watson. And he couldn’t wait to find out.
“Jack! Jack! You’re no fun!” Moriarty said, gesturing with the uncapped tubing and getting John’s blood everywhere.
“Oh, you know. Tricks of the trade. A little mountain climbing experience…or I used your secret path that even Mycroft doesn’t know about.”
“Yeah. With your fists. You’re done talking, Anderson. You should go now before I do something you might regret.” John said, releasing Anderson’s thumb and shoving him backwards.
“See you tomorrow, John. Maybe I’ll get us some of that fancy coffee from across the street. Celebrate my pending holiday. And special requests?” Sebastian asked.
“Let’s go to your bedroom,” Becca said, wiggling her eyebrows, heading in that direction as if she’d been to the flat several times, which, in fact, she had.
He wondered if this would be the charge that broke the camel’s back with Mycroft. Sherlock knew that Mycroft paid attention to his purchases but rarely said a word about them. He just paid the bills as they came due.
“Bring home some Chinese tonight. We haven’t had that in awhile. He, or she, would make a lovely appetizer to the main course.”
“And I’m leaving for work so you’ll either wait for five hours until I pick up the patches for your majesty, or you’ll get your lazy arse off that couch and get them yourself!”
“Ugh. Don’t say that. Just what are…oh. Ok.” John said, throwing his head back as Sherlock slowly penetrated him with his finger.
Another unfortunate thing was that the nun teaching first grade math had also taught Harriet and knew the truth behind John’s birth. She made him sit in the front row and asked him the first question every day but he was always so terrified, he couldn’t think of the correct answer. She beat him for being wrong daily until it came to the point where John screamed and cried and refused to go to school. He'd rather take his beatings at home than in front of schoolmates who only laughed at him. Since this was NOT normal behavior for John, they knew something was wrong, although Harriet was just amused.
“Won’t he be angry that you’ve known where Doctor Watson’s been all this time?” Becca asked, not a hint of concern in her voice.
John pulled Sherlock’s head to his and pressed their foreheads together. He cupped one hand around Sherlock’s cock through his pants, applying the faintest pressure so as not to cause him more pain.
“Ooh. Looks like you went and got yourself a good one there, Niall. Right through the bicep. A bit bloody but we’ll stop that. You’ll get sent home, rest a bit and we’ll see you soon. You’ll be good as new.”
“John. You’re being illogical. I don’t know how to make it any easier for you to understand. I’ve already dumbed it down as much as possible, why won’t you listen to reason?”
“It’s fine. Don’t ruin the moment. Isn’t this romantic? The water rushing by, you leaning against the railing, me…behind you.” John pressed his erection between the cleft of Sherlock’s buttocks, placed a hand on either hip he pulled Sherlock against him.
“That won’t take long to relax you,” John said but he could tell by looking at Sherlock’s eyes and his slight weaving, that the Lorazepam had already begun taking effect.
Sherlock lay on his left side, curled into a ball. John didn’t think he’d ever get used to such a tall man being able to make himself so small. He smiled to himself. He enjoyed Sherlock’s agility though so he wouldn’t look a gift horse in the mouth.
Sighing, John set his paper down on the kitchen table and resigned himself to listening to Sherlock’s latest idea.
“He assured me that he was just having you on,” Sherlock said, hoping that John wouldn’t ask to read the message.
“Moriarty?” John felt that that should have come out a little more forcefully than the whisper with which it had.
Sherlock looked at the open end of the alley and waited. When he didn’t see any movement, he looked in the other direction which was just at a bend and he couldn’t see around it. He looked up and checked the walls for windows but there were none.
“Drugged? The coffee was drugged? Why? Was I just injected with something or did I imagine that?” John asked, addressing the most recent issue on his mind.
Sebastian covered John with a blanket, gently tucking it in around him. (“I not supposed to do this but we are friends after all.”) As John was being slid further and further into his tomb, he suddenly began feeling sleepy. He looked over at Sebastian to see that he had opened the clip to allow the solution to drip at a faster rate, and started holding the IV bag up without John even noticing. John felt a sense of calm beginning to steal over him, his panic still there but the sense of urgency was greatly reduced.
“Well, you know, Jim’s an addict and an addict left alone with his stash can’t be trusted as I’m sure you’re aware.” Becca patted Sherlock’s thigh condescendingly.
“Where is it, you arse,” John said rhetorically, giving Sherlock a pat on his bum. His hand met something firm but definitely not Sherlock’s arse.
“Well, lovely meeting you and try not to mind Sherlock. He doesn’t mean to be rude. It’s just a sign of his brilliance. He doesn’t suffer fools gladly. You’d better get going or he’ll leave without you.”
The doctor gave Mr Watson a disapproving look. He’d seen this type of trauma before not to mention the boot  sized bruise that was left on John’s abdomen. Yes, he knew what had happened but there wasn’t a thing he could do about it.
“Greg. Irene just called and told me where John is and that he’ll need an ambulance. Can you handle that for me? Here’s the address. I’m going to kill that woman.”
“You’re being deliberately obtuse. You know perfectly well what I meant,” Sherlock snapped. He was standing there, a bed in plain sight, with a hard cock asking questions. He had to get back on track.
“Well, I guess that answers that question although, to be fair, it’s highly likely that Sherlock was unaware of the procedure of becoming bound to a Soul Mate. He never expected to have one; his work has always been his life. He wasn’t looking for anyone and then you all but dropped into his lap. No. The more I think about it, there was no reason for him to have more than the most basic of information regarding mating. He has no use for things like that. He prefers to save his brain for what he considers ‘pertinent’ data. He wasn’t looking for a Mate, so he didn’t need useless facts and deleted it. Unfortunately, you knew even less than Sherlock and now, well, here we are. Have you anything to say? Questions?”
“Ok. I think I’d better go home and get some rest and I suggest that you do the same. You’re obviously overtired and don’t know what you’re talking about,” John said not  unkindly, unsure of Sherlock’s reaction. He really seemed to believe this nonsense.
“There is no gay in our world, John,” Sherlock said, “your Soul Mate is your mate, no matter the sex of said mate.” Sherlock finished by first licking John’s lips then plunging his tongue inside of his mouth.
“The hunt, John. The hunt. Of course they can always grab someone off the street but they enjoy the element of seducing their victim. Not to mention the fact that they do have to make a living in this world to be anywhere near comfortable. It wouldn’t do to draw attention to themselves by leaving a swath of dead bodies in their wake.”
John entered 221 first, glancing quickly at the door to Mrs Hudson’s flat then away. What used to be Mrs Hudson’s flat, he reminded himself, and began the slow walk up the stairs to the flat that he shared with Sherlock, who’d followed him in.
“I’m on it!” John said eagerly, sore muscles forgotten caused by his appreciation of the magnitude of Sherlock’s gift.
“If that’s ‘average’ then that would make me average and trust me, I’m well above average and considering that we’re of a size that means that you’re not average either.”
Sherlock coughed abruptly and looked away again. This wouldn’t do. He was a grown man, this conversation shouldn’t feel so uncomfortable yet here he was, blushing to the roots of his hair. Sometimes it was a curse being this fair skinned.
“Will do, love. See you soon,” Becca said quietly into the mobile and then both disconneced simultaneously.
“Can I please have my mobile? This case is a six, possibly a seven and I haven’t had anything interesting to do in weeks.”
“There you go! That wasn’t so hard now, was it!” Sherlock said to a John Watson who was by now, barely controlling his annoyance.
Sherlock spared no expense with anything that might touch his body and although he slept probably 10 hours a week at most, he still wanted to spend that time in as decadent a manner as possible. This was fine with John who did his best to get at least seven hours of sleep a night. He was more than happy to pick up the slack.
“You shouldn’t be. Don’t contact me again.” Sherlock said, standing once again and turning to leave.
"Well, I thought that you might protest a little longer. This is quite the capitulation, John." Sherlock leaned his forehead against the door and gave a stuttering sigh.
“Watch…” John punctuated this by biting Sherlock’s neck, sucking a large bruise where it would be clearly visible to others.
P. S. Don’t tell Sherlock. I don’t think he’d believe you and he’s too delicate at the moment for me to show myself to him. Love you both.
Sherlock looked down and said, “The cuff of my left pant leg is perilously close to touching the ground.”
He’d been packed up and ready to leave the lab since 12:45am but kept putting it off. First by straightening anything that seemed remotely disorganized followed by shuffling and reshuffling the paperwork on his desk for things that were scheduled for tomorrow. Well, today.
Putting one hand on his shoulder and the other on his hip, I pressed him against the sink and gestured towards it.
“Actually, he looks just like my father did as a baby and his mouth looks just like yours,” he said a bit nervously but softening slightly towards the child.
He spontaneously squeezed some down Sherlock’s cleft. Sherlock was so gone by now that he didn’t even complain.
“Yes. Yes. Adopted back into the family. His mother is also his aunt. Abused by his mother as a child. Again, this is nothing that I didn’t already know.”
“Open for business tomorrow though,” and fell back into a deep sleep, a satisfied smile upon his lips.
John removed his left hand from Sherlock’s trousers  and while he was still stroking Sherlock’s cock with the other, said;
“I wonder that myself. However, I can smell Sherlock’s scent mingled with yours so you’ve clearly exchanged blood.”
“A man is dead, John. Would a little decorum be too much to ask. This person was a living, breathing human not that long ago.”
“Because Moriarty is going to come after you, especially now that he knows that you’re Sherlock’s Mate. We need to stop him from capturing you at all costs. Sherlock is a valuable asset to the government with a brain full of secrets and now he’s vulnerable - because of you. He’d move heaven and earth to find you and if that meant giving up state secrets, he wouldn’t hesitate to do so. Now, we have a long drive back to the city and I’m sure you’d like to get some rest before you have to be at work in the morning.”
“I hope for your sake that that doesn’t happen. I’d hate to have to kill you and, unlike you, I don’t mind getting my hands dirty. In fact, I’d make a special exception in your case,” Sherlock smiled.
I deleted 5k worth of stuff so I hope that tightens this up a bit. I'm still not quite satisfied with it but you know how it is when you just want to be done with something.
John sat alone in his favorite pub, drinking top shelf scotch. Sometimes savoring the taste, sometimes downing it quickly. It just depended on how hard a particular memory hit him at the moment.
“Oh. It happens when a finger gets jammed forcefully back into the third knuckle. It’s very painful.”
Looking around the lab and morgue one more time to see if he’d missed anything, he grabbed everything that he thought could be evidence, leaving John sleeping dreamlessly only three feet away.
“I’m sorry to say that we had to remove his uterus to save his life. We couldn’t stop the bleeding and…”
“Oh. For the love of…fine. Lazy Man sex?” Sherlock asked, exasperated. He was getting into John’s arse tonight if it was the last thing he did and he suspected it would be.
“Ah hah!” Sebastian crowed, holding up a small IV bag and showing it to John before he ran some fluid through the line to make sure that there weren’t any air bubbles or anything blocking the flow of the liquid. He then attached the connector to the Port installed in John’s chest, uncurled the connected catheter and lay the bag on John’s lap. It was filled with a clear substance and labeled but the print was too fine for John to read, especially in his current condition.
“Yes. I would like to insert my penis deeply into your rectum, and out, several times until we both orgasm like what just occurred here.”
“Fine. You can keep him but make sure he stays out of trouble. I don’t want to have him…dealt with like the last one.
Sherlock turned his head slightly, and winked at me. His arse was now completely exposed and he held his satiny robe at his waist, waiting to see what I'd do next.
“Nope. No deal. I guess…”John said, unzipping and sliding his trousers and pants down in one go. “I’ll be fucking you up the arse then.”
“Is that…yes. It is. That’s steam pouring off of your head. My, my. So angry! Ah, ah, ah! No head butting. That’s not nice.” John reached down and grabbing the wraps around Sherlock’s ankles, maneuvered him into a sitting position against the headboard.
“Because you said that you were almost done and I figured that I could make it the rest of the way.”
John lifted his right arm and Sherlock immediately snuggled in. John wrapped his arm about Sherlock.
Between Sherlock’s throaty moans - that voice! - and the exquisite sensations of entering him, claiming him. ‘Mine,’ he thought. It only took three more thrusts and John was coming hard, holding tightly against Sherlock until the last of his earth shattering orgasm died away.
They slipped into the darkness and went back to their base. They couldn’t get too close to Sherlock. Dhamphirs could sense when a vampire was nearby. The game was just starting and Jim wasn’t in a hurry to end it. The longer it took, the better.
“It is indeed. And their chief forensic, and I use the term loosely, “expert” is an idiot who is more interested in shagging a co-worker than doing his job. I don’t understand why Lestrade keeps him on.” Sherlock ended in disgust.
John smiled as he finished typing his text, he hit ‘send’ and then laughed out loud. He knew that Sherlock was still there but he wouldn’t make the mistake of being within range of John’s ability to sense him again.
“Here is some water and paracetamol. I suspect that you’re going to need it.” Sherlock reached out to hand the glass and pills to John which he refused to take. Sherlock just set it on the nightstand instead.
“Time to find that iPad.” John searched the bathroom from top to bottom; no iPad. He went back to Sherlock’s bedside, and looked down at him.
“But it hasn’t even really started yet,” Sherlock said, despising the note of pleading that had crept into his voice.
After the obligatory argument about letting Sherlock into his flat, that is. John might have said ‘yes’ on occasion but more often than not, by the time they’d gotten to the door to his building, he was so irritated by Sherlock’s constant complaining that he just wanted him gone. And this night was shaping up to be worse than the rest.
Reaching around to Sherlock’s stomach to use some of the come that he’d so thoughtfully provided, John used it to slick up his member and as an afterthought, began quickly fingering Sherlock’s hole with the remainder until he felt loose enough to accept John’s cock.
“No sir,” the woman replied, confusion clearly writ across her face as she began sinking down to her knees fulfilling her order.
“And why didn’t it heal completely? As a Dham...soldier, the doctors should have been able to put you back together quickly and with ease. I see that they must not have had your…’skills’,” Sherlock ended sarcastically.
Sherlock opened his eyes obediently and stared into those twin pools of darkness that were John Watson’s eyes.
Sherlock had fallen asleep waiting for John. His dark lashes fanned against alabaster cheeks and he breathed deeply through slightly parted lips.
“No. They do not. They’ll eat the occasional insect but as we’re in central London, they’re looking for junk food, not insects in general and specifically not bees! The window is fine. What’s wrong with you two?”
John took his mouth off of Sherlock’s neck and slowly licked off the trickle of blood with a broad stroke of his tongue. He tightened his grip on Sherlock’s hair and whispered;
“You know very well that I could have this entire coffee shop cleaning the floor with their tongues and they wouldn’t remember a thing,” Moriarty smiled.
“He’ll send his lackeys for you. And even a Dhamphir is unlikely to escape several vampires when cornered. You can’t fight them alone. This is all new to you. You’d be at a disadvantage and then they’ll bring you to Moriarty and he’ll kill you and that’s something I just can’t allow. Please move in with me so that I can protect you,” Sherlock implored.
As he finished the last stitch, he looked up to say that the corporal was going to make it if they could get him out of there fast enough. Before he had a chance to utter one word, he saw a rifle aimed at him and without time to think, he was shot in his left shoulder and darkness was all he knew for a long, long time.
“One of my agents told me that Sherlock was sick and I wanted to know the details so I listened in. You know how adamant my brother and John are about my asking questions.
They lay against each other, savoring the afterglow and sharing long, deep kisses until John stood up and looked at the mess they’d made of Sherlock’s abdomen.
“Yes. I believe that we’ve shared enough adventures together to be on a first name basis. I wasn’t sure what the protocol was here so I maintained a professional distance. Keeping work and pleasure separated,” he said, taking her hand in his and turning her palm up to place an electric kiss on her wrist.
Ever since John had been switched to night shift three weeks ago, Sherlock had begun waiting for him outside of the hospital every night to ensure that he made it home safely.  Mycroft’s people were there, as had been promised, but no one could do a better job of keeping his Mate safe than Sherlock himself. It was only a matter of time before Moriarty tried something; he’d been quiet for far too long. And so Sherlock had made it his personal duty to escort John home from work every evening.
They were both startled by the sound of a door slamming following by rapidly retreating footsteps down the stairs and another slam of 221B's front door.
“MRS HUDSON WON’T APPRECIATE IT IF YOU BREAK ANOTHER DOOR, JOHN!” Sherlock yelled as John ran down the stairs.
“Yes, sir. For all the good that’ll do. He’s got a 10 minute lead, how far could he be? He’s probably already sitting on the perp waiting for us anyhow.” Sally turned and began to chase after Sherlock.
John circled Sherlock’s hole with his index finger, teasing the tip in and and out until finally plunging his finger completely into Sherlock’s tight heat.
“Well, when a corpse is conveniently dropped at your doorstep, it’d be bad manners to ignore it,” John said.
“About what? What could that murderer possibly want to talk to you about?” John asked, anger clear in his voice.
“Haven’t I said yes a million times already? YES! Do it! Don’t do it! I don’t care, just don’t stop fucking me! I need it. I want you inside me so badly. I’ve never felt this way about anyone before. I need your cock. I want to feel you rip me in two. Please. I’m begging you. Fuck me!”
“Holmes. Look at this.” John said, having pried the corpse’s lips apart showing that a note had been pinned to the victim’s tongue. Not an easy feat through such a strong muscle.
“You’ve been doing this for over an hour! I’m not even numb anymore and it really hurts!” Sherlock complained.
“Wait! The doctor has seen the note! Look at his face! Look how shocked he is! I haven’t had this much fun in decades!” Jim said but then his lips turned down into a pout.
“Oh. No. No. No. Sherlock’s bound to turn up sooner or later and we still have several hours until sunrise. I love the winter! Besides, I want to see his face when he sees the bite marks and the note. He loves a challenge, just like me! We are SO alike!”
She gave him a sultry gaze taking him in from his Italian handmade shoes to his artfully mussed curly black hair and bit her lip. Yes. Olivia was going to be occupied tonight.
A month later, he’d woken up in a hospital on the coast, the doctors telling him that they’d done as much for him as they possibly could but he would no longer be capable of performing surgeries due to the intermittent and uncontrollable tremor in his left hand. And that fast, his career as a soldier in the military was over. Then he was shipped back to London like so much worthless freight to begin both physical and PTSD therapy.
“Too late! I’m already up here. So, don’t know who the Alpha is, eh? Spread your legs so much you can’t remember? Tramp! I don’t want you in my house!”
Please, lord. Let Sherlock be out on a case or in the middle of an experiment. God forbid that he should want to talk to John which was more of being talked at, than to. John already knew that there wasn’t a chance in hell that Sherlock had gone to bed. He hadn’t slept in days. He’d been distracted by some experiment. John had no idea what it was about, nor did he care. He might regret that tomorrow but for tonight?  John didn’t care if Sherlock was building a bomb out of everyday household utensils in the bathtub. The house could blow up around John and he’d sleep right through it at this point.
Sherlock could see, in a clinical way, that the woman was attractive however, he felt not even a hint of interest and this brothel only catered to prominent gay men holding important positions in jobs where homosexuality was not only frowned upon but could lose an election should anyone find out.
“Well, yes and no. He’s just not used to feeling this way about another person and it’s shaken him…oh god. Pillows. Please!” John rolled onto his side on the cold metal table, folding himself into the foetal position as much as he could approximate around the pain.
Using his fingertips, he began to lightly stroke the head of Sherlock’s cock through the fabric which elicited a deep moan from his partner.
“Bloody buggering fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!” John yelled as he whipped the covers off, slammed his feet into his slippers and stomped his way to where Sherlock sat, still focused on his lap.
“Now, that’s a proper punch to the shoulder. Looks like it might be dislocated too. Hmmm…that’s going to hurt like the dickens when the feeling comes back in your arm.”
“Who are you and by the way, the name is Doctor Watson, not…Dhamphir. Whoever or whatever that is,” John said.
“All the more reason to do it. Besides, they can’t see us all that clearly. And no one’s looked up in the past 15 minutes. I’m not going to tell you again; pull your trousers down.” John punctuated that with a firm thrust against Sherlock’s backside.
“That might be a bit difficult considering that you’re the coroner and I’m a consultant to Scotland Yard on murders that they can’t seem to solve. Since this happens regularly, we will be seeing a lot of each other. Unless you choose to quit, which I don’t think you will, we’ll be seeing each other often. Now, sit back down, John and just listen. You can yell all you want when I’ve finished.”
“Just joking, darling. Do me a favor love and on your way out, stop at 221B and make sure that Sherlock takes a nap. You know he’s all stressed trying to figure out where John is in that Mind Palace of his. Just call me when you’re done with Sherlock and I’ll call Mycroft.”
“John, I love you and I love that you humbled yourself enough to get Mycroft’s help to impress upon me how much I mean to you. It’s the same for me. I’m not a romantic…”
“Sherlock? If I untie you, will you promise to behave?” John asked, slowly inserting his index finger into Sherlock’s hole.
“I thought that you’d studied mesmerism. You also seemed to refuse to take no for an answer and I wanted to see how far you’d go. All the way, apparently.” Sherlock blushed.
“Name it and it’s yours. I’m begging you. I have a half dead John Watson here and Jim is passed out after getting high on John’s blood and pain killers all day.”
“Sit down before you fall down, John.” Sherlock said gently. He was actually beginning to feel something like sympathy for this man.
Bruises? Kids get bruises, they’re clumsy. What about Lawrence? He hardly has any bruises. He just has better balance.
Grabbing a pillow from the headboard, John lifted Sherlock up and placed it under his hips so that he’d have easier access to his prize. And a prize it was, indeed.
“I just don’t like people coming up behind me. You get one warning. Don’t do it again,” John said, all traces of good natured humor gone from his voice.
"Out of curiosity, what did Sherlock just lose?" Lestrade asked, just then noticing the bottle of lube sitting on the coffee table. Given the fact that they were both naked...he was positive that he didn't want to know.
The last thing that John saw was Sebastian smiling down on him as he finished closing the drawer. Then everything suddenly went black and he knew no more.
When they’d first started taking these jobs, these scripts, John used to try to tip the couriers but after about the third time he was given an insulted look followed by the courier turning and stomping down the stairs indignantly, he’d stopped offering.
“It’s not like he’s a contortionist. His foot was clearly disjointed, cut off at the ankle and forced into his mouth. What’s your professional opinion, Doctor?”
“Someone’s keeping birds on the roof? Are they looking for bees? Is that why there was a bee? I wasn’t asked permission to install a bird coop on the roof!” Mrs Hudson huffed, beginning to stand up.
“I said that I’d like you to move in with me.” Sherlock repeated, soundly slightly annoyed at having to repeat himself.
“If you need anything, just call the front desk and they’ll bring it right up.” Irene said before closing the door behind her.
Removing his thigh from John’s hip, Sherlock pulled him tightly against their now messy stomachs and kissed him loudly upon his lips then looked at John intently.
John woke up with a pounding headache. Slowly looking around him, he didn’t recognize the room but he could smell Sherlock’s scent everywhere and there was a distinct chill up his spine which meant he was nearby.
“Sherlock has logic and facts on his side. That’s an almost impossible combination to beat. I doubt you’ll last through the end of the week before we’re packing you up to move.” Mycroft said, turning to leave.
“John,” Sherlock sighed, “anyone can be killed by being stabbed in the heart, with anything, wooden or otherwise. That includes Dhamphirs. And before you ask; no, we don’t rise from the dead.”
“Yes, Jim,” Seb said dutifully before checking the street for bystanders. It was after 1am and the pubs were still open so the streets were empty.
“Please. Let’s not stand on ceremony. We’re friends by now, aren’t we? Call me Irene,” she said holding her delicate hand out to shake his.
Sherlock felt confident that John would have at least contacted him if he’d felt that his life was being threatened at work but he hadn’t heard from him since the text from the night before when John had told him that he’d known that Sherlock was there.
“There’s…a lot of blood. All John’s. I’ll bring the evidence to you and let your people go through it. They cut him open, Mycroft,” Sherlock said with a hitch in his voice.
I was just going to keep writing until I finished but I'd left you guys hanging a bit so I'm giving what's done so far.
“Christ. What goes on around here that that seems only a little odd to you,” John said, somewhat impressed.
“I find your management of your customers reprehensible. You should know when to stop serving someone alcohol. It’d be a shame if the authorities shut this place down,” Sherlock said, giving Will a grin that was somehow both evil AND terrifying.
“Oh. I’m sorry. That’s way too close for you to read comfortably, isn’t it,” John said and pulled Sherlock’s head up by his hair just far enough that he could read the open script.
“No. No. No. Just let me help you. You’re very pale. I had no idea that you’d have such a strong reaction to espresso or I would have just gotten you regular coffee,” Sebastian said, all but dragging John out of his chair again and into the morgue.
“Oh, don’t worry. I never get my hands dirty.” Moriarty laughed. Waving his hand, the laser over Sherlock’s heart winked off.
“Come now, Doctor Watson,” Sherlock said as he freed John from his chair. “I think we’ll go to my flat, it’s closer.”
“That was when they thought that they had a chance of besting you. By the end of the third visit, the last two volunteered as part of a dare. Normally, I wouldn’t be so frank with a customer but we’re friends and I know that we both appreciate honesty in our collaborations.”
“No. I, uh, this isn’t an easy…” John gasped when Sherlock took his cock in hand and began a slow, graceful stroke along his length.
On the way out, first he felt his robe slide up behind him immediately followed by an intense burst of pain. Ignoring it, he hopped up just before Mrs Hudson could catch him in the act. One never knew if she was working in tandem with John to keep him away from his “filthy habit.”
“Sherlock. Sherlock, wake up!” Mycroft said, thinking about lowering himself enough to giving Sherlock a shake. Then he noticed the IV in Sherlock’s arm and followed the line to the almost empty bag. Professional notes were written on the bag as if it had been done in a hospital. Most likely done by a medical professional then but who…
Using his clean hand, John placed his hand on Sherlock’s hip and locked his elbow effectively stopping Sherlock from thrusting forward. He pulled his mouth off of Sherlock’s cock and removed his fingers from his hole. Sherlock gave a whine of protest.
“Don’t worry about it. I actually consider it a bribe to get you to take a moment to enjoy a conversation with you. Believe me, bringing you a cup of cheap vending machine coffee is a great exchange. You’re doing me a favor by taking the time to talk.” Sebastian said, taking another sip of his coffee.
“Rest assured that I’ll be deleting both those words as soon as I can concentrate on something other than my cock.”
“A cock when you’re awake and a cock when you’re asleep. No matter the amount of drugs you’ve been given. Your resistance is amazing actually and if you remember that, I’ll call you a liar.” He pulled up the covers tucking them gently around Sherlock.
Going back to unpack the rest of the bag on the kitchen table, he pulled out more IV tubing and saline solution for John to keep his heart rate up. Sebastian new that it was already being sorely overtaxed by Jim’s careless mishandling of his…dinner.
Arriving in the bathroom, he turned his back to the mirror and the first thing that he noticed was that his favorite robe was completely full of splinters. He sighed in irritation. ‘Even if I had someone pull out all of those splinters, there would then be holes and I will not be wearing a robe that looks moth eaten!’ Letting the robe slide smoothly down his back and onto the floor, he discovered the cause of his pain. John was due home in an hour. It couldn’t possibly take him more than 15 minutes to fix this. Pulling a hemostat from one of the vanity’s drawers, Sherlock set to work pulling the splinter out of his back. It turned out not to be as easily done as he’d thought.
“Mycroft is very nosey and always in my business hidden under the guise of protection and caring. As if he has anymore room in that body of his for one more thing.”
“Well, once I’d convinced everyone that my fluids were topped off, I showed them the door and proceeded to wait next to you until you woke up. I’m also very tired. Now come over and hug me. I’m going back to sleep now. I just wanted to see those beautiful eyes of yours first.”
“Just, don’t be a cock. What did you do? Obviously, you found the cigarettes but…” John said, studying Sherlock intently.
It was late, well after midnight; a tall man stood in the shadow of an alleyway keeping lookout while his boss finished the snack he’d picked up on their way to the pub.
John’s shift was over and he was preparing to walk home when he noticed a black limo parked in the hospital round about, the “driver” standing at attention by the side of the car. John knew a military man when he saw one. He made a cursory note of it and continued walking past.
“This is worse. This is most definitely worse. I hope that I don’t wind up in hospital because of this. Sherlock would be furious,” John said, with a poor attempt at humor.
“Ah. You’re right, darling. I did. Goodnight sweetheart,” Sebastian said, brushing Jim’s hair from his forehead and placing a kiss there.
“Do you have an ulcer? Espresso and ulcers don’t go together very well. You drink coffee daily, though so I figured that you didn’t. Has this ever happened before?” Sebastian asked in a solicitous manner.
"Times haven't changed, Mycroft. People are still out there murdering each other when if they'd just wait, nature would take care of that for them."
“Phew. Good. To lose an arse as fine as this one,” and here John slapped Sherlock’s left cheek, “would have depressed me no end.”
It wasn’t that he was adverse to it, exactly, but he’d definitely want a little warning first. John put that topic completely out of his mind and began licking and sucking Sherlock’s cock again.
“It’d be a shame if Doctor Watson should meet with a sudden accident now, wouldn’t it,” Moriarty stated baldly.
“No. No. I’d like to think that we’ve become friends these past few weeks. You ever need to talk, just let me know. Otherwise, there’s always football,” Sebastian said with a smile.
“What’s wrong with him?” Jim asked, using his legs to slide himself up against the wall until he was completely upright and starting to become more aware.
“I won’t have your nonsense interfering with my work,” John said, tightening his grip on Sherlock’s arm and wrenching it higher behind his back. This didn’t seem to impress the man one bit because the next thing John knew, they’d switched places with John’s arm twisted behind his back in a position similar to the one he’d just had Sherlock in.
Sherlock checked the time on his mobile for the third time and sighed. Late again? Sherlock swore that if John wasn’t out of there by 2:30 at the latest, he was going in and getting him, the rules be damned!
Raising his right arm, John said, “Get over here, you manipulative bastard. For some reason I still feel compelled to hold you in my arms while we fall asleep.”
“I’m afraid that I really must insist, Doctor Watson. I mean you no harm. I’m here on behalf of Sherlock Holmes who is very concerned for your safety.”
“How much work could he possibly have that he couldn’t leave before 2am?!’ He’d have a word with Mycroft about the hospital overworking his mate!
“And how would you know anything about my time in the service. I literally just met you tonight. You hadn’t even heard of me before then. Didn’t even know who I was. So…,” John pulled Sherlock away from the wall only to slam him back hard enough to crack the plaster, “please explain to me where you got this information in such a short amount of time, in the middle of the night, no less, and make it quick before I bloody that pretty face of yours.”
“Oh. I bet you could throw me pretty far too, what with those surprisingly firm muscles” Becca said, wiggling her bottom on the chair.
Will dutifully turned around to pull another bottle of whiskey from the top shelf of the bar, uncorked it and set it in front of John.
“That’s good! It’s not that I don’t appreciate all the trouble that you went through to pick these up…” John began.
“And then a vampire saw a beautiful human female and decided that he had to have her. The woman didn’t agree. The vampire didn’t care. Nine months later, the first Dhamphir was born but the mother didn’t survive the childbirth as is most often the case.”
The problem was he didn’t like the idea of being penetrated. He’d tried with other men before but couldn’t get past the symbolism of another man dominating him - even if only sexually.
“So, it’s an abuse fantasy. Nothing wrong there. It’s just…it’s a bit violent and, well, mean,” John finished lamely.
“Which brings us to my second problem; I will not be reading about ‘semen found on Sherlock Holmes’ trousers’ in the latest scandal sheet. I also won’t give up my DNA quite so blithely. No. I’m just going to wait until the tide recedes.”
“Mike. I promise that I won’t be offended. I need a job. You have a job available. How bad could it be?”
“You know that’s not true. I’m actually lots of fun.” John crawled across the bed and slid the thermometer in and out a couple of times. It was planted in Sherlock's arse as if marking John’s territory.
John Watson quickly knelt down next to the man but knew just by looking at him that it was already too late. Still, he checked for a pulse and finding none, yelled to the bouncer; “Call Emergency Medical Services and Scotland Yard!”
“I’ll be right back.” Sebastian said, leaving once again to check one of the other labs for what he needed.
“Yeah. I see where you’re going with this and you’re right, it does sound a bit weird,” John said as another sharp pain stabbed him behind his sternum.
Beads of sweat had begun to appear on Sherlock’s forehead, his breath becoming shallow. John realized that his cock had gotten hard as well, without him noticing and now he was wide awake and thinking about just bending Sherlock over and fucking him right then and there.
“Ah! You’re awake! Good! I was beginning to think that you were going to sleep forever. I just came in to change the bag connected to your IV.”
“Let’s see…pink is ‘gulabi’ and represents caring and compassion. Again, I’m probably misremembering and mispronouncing these so bear with me…
“Then you probably shouldn’t have lain yourself out like a willing sacrifice then, eh? What about after you’ve taken some paracetamol?” John coaxed.
“God, Sherlock. What’s wrong?” Lestrade had been enjoying making him uncomfortable but he was clearly in pain now.
“No. He has a specialty and I don’t have anyone who comes close to his level of proficiency in that area.”
John was a quiet child who tried to keep himself out of everyone’s way and bring as little attention to himself as possible. He’d noticed that he had more accidents when his sister, Harriet was around so he tried to avoid her at all costs. It was just easier and safer that way.
“Better. Getting better. So tired though. Morphine? How did you get morphine? And should you even be doing something like that?” John asked anxiously but it was if he was talking in slow motion, each word a struggle to get out.
Sebastian Moran was sitting in his recliner enjoying a beer and watching some mindless gameshow on the telly. He wasn’t getting John until Monday night and was just biding his time, waiting for Sherlock to show up and try to get answers out of him. It was all part of the plan to throw Sherlock off the trail.
“You’re pretty on a good day but I had no idea how lovely you’d be with tears in your eyes begging me to stop hurting you. I have to finish your beating but I won’t add anymore strikes. All you need to do is what you’ve been doing. Begging and pleading, and it’ll be over. Understand?” John raised his hand again.
“Right on time. Come in.” Watson said smiling and gestured for Sherlock to precede him into the room.
“If you pass out from taking an antihistamine, you have more things to worry about than being drugged.”
“Harriet. Calm down and put the pot back where you found it. I can’t hold your arm forever. Now, John, there have been many babies born out of wedlock and there is a stigma attached but not as much as if you murder the baby!”
“I won’t remain quiet in there. You have to know that,” John said, a little desperately. Panic beginning to set in.
John glanced over at Sherlock to see if he was impressed by all this but, no. Instead he looked nervous and had begun sweating profusely. It was actually quite chilly out so that didn’t make sense…
Placing one hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, lightly holding him in place, John used his other hand to flip up his satiny robe up exposing his lovely cheeks. He didn’t know why, but just the act bending Sherlock over and flipping up his robe to fuck him was a huge turn on. Especially when he was wearing the red one. Was that a kink? He didn’t care.
As soon as John saw Sherlock’s face, he put a hand up to stop whatever Sherlock might have been about to say and just began the walk to his flat.
“Take your shoes and socks off, then those trousers. I don’t want anything between us,” Sherlock groaned.
One day he’d been cutting through the park to see his therapist (Ella), head down, trying not to make eye contact with anyone, as usual. He’d been reduced to his old self - timid and trying to remain hidden in plain sight.
“Well, how would you know that? I didn’t even know,” John said as Sebastian eased him into a sitting position on the table after lowering it.
Actually, that was pretty impressive. John was fairly certain that he’d never seen Sherlock’s cock so engorged before and it was still growing.
John was so hard he thought he might burst. He needed to fuck Sherlock before he shot his load and became too sensitive to take John’s cock.
John was becoming annoyed but had still been able to hide it. For how much longer, he didn’t know. This Holmes character definitely rubbed him the wrong way and, for the lack of a better term, the vibes that he got from this man were unlike any he’d ever felt before.
“Ok, Seb. It’s your turn to shine. The usual; check for bystanders, if you see any bystanders, kill said bystanders, drag freshly made corpse in front of the pub, open the door, ask if there’s a doctor in the house - I do so love a good cliche - then we’ll take a leisurely stroll across the street and watch as the action unfolds. Mycroft isn’t going to be able to catch this one in time.”
Thank you so much for the feast that you sent me today. It fed not only myself but the entire team. We’re all very grateful for your generosity. In case you’re wondering; I put aside a sandwich for lunch tomorrow too. Now that I’ve eaten something during the day, I’m afraid that it’s going to be a hard habit to break
Thank you very much for the new stethoscope however, it’s very expensive so I am returning it to you. I do appreciate the thought that went into it, I’m just not comfortable accepting it. I hope you’ll understand.
Sherlock opened the drawer and grabbing the lube, he tapped on John’s left leg to get him to move it up which he did with little prompting, thank god.
Sherlock reflexively pushed his bottom back against John’s hand. John felt his cock begin to sit up and take notice so he gave a squeeze to that lovely arse, patted it and pulled Sherlocks pajama bottoms back up. He gave a lusty sigh.
Sherlock had already come once so it took a little longer for him to reach his peak, and then he began coming as well, his hole tightening and releasing until John’s soft cock was finally forced all the way out.
“Fine. Fine. You’re no rapist. But why am I in, what I’m assuming is your bed?” John swallowed the pills.
“It means that men often joke that their cock has a mind of it’s own when it’s hard. Sometimes, you can get…carried away on emotions and do things, promise things, that you normally wouldn’t if your cock wasn’t hard. Therefore, it’s common to treat it like a separate entity by giving it its own name. Now, please, if you wouldn’t mind…”
“I’m not an idiot! And stop calling me ‘Moron.’ You know damned well that this is Jim’s doing. Not mine. There are more bags of blood in the refrigerator,” Sebastian huffed, stalked to the front door and slammed it quietly. It was evening after all and it wouldn’t do to draw attention to their secret hideout…oh god, it DID sound stupid!
Taking a surgical glove from a nearby box, he carefully picked up both syringes, sniffing one then the other. Morphine. Lidocaine. He picked up the cup labeled ‘John’ and sniffed it. Nothing but espresso. On a hunch, he picked up the other cup that had been crushed and read the name: ‘Seb.’ Sherlock held that cup to his nose and sniffed it. Also espresso but there was something else…some sort of sedative that he had neither the time nor the inclination to attempt to analyze at that moment.
“You fucking whore! Do you know what you’ve done? The shame you’ve brought to the family?! You couldn’t  keep your legs together just like every other slutty Omega. Well, there goes your dream of being a doctor!”
Sebastian lowered the table to one of the drawers on the bottom and pulled out the slab, readying it to receive John’s warm body and that’s when John finally snapped. He didn’t think about it, he just started trying to get out of that bag before he was shoved into cold storage but he was so weak that he couldn’t even lift his arms above his hips.
“We don’t have time for this. My job is to protect my team and I’m not leaving until everyone’s safely on board. Is Sturges strapped in?” They were now close enough to the helicopter that yelling over the spinning blades was necessary.
“This isn’t over! You got lucky today but Sherlock won’t be so lucky when I catch him without his bodyguard!” Anderson yelled between shallow pants.
“Yes, you do. You are incredibly turned on by the idea. You told me so yourself, didn’t you?” John asked.
“I knew that was a joke, John,” Sherlock huffed. He didn’t know that but he’d rather die than admit it.
“I didn’t even get to say goodbye. The last words I had with her were cross and I’ll never be able to take them back. Make it up to her. I didn’t mean it,” Sherlock said, tears and regret clouding his voice.
“Oh, yes. I have. Shall we?” John gestured Sherlock up the grand staircase ahead of him admiring his arse the entire way.
“Pillow talk. Nothing loosens the tongue like great sex. Especially oral sex, it seems,” John laughed.
As soon as John breeched him with his index finger, Sherlock closed his eyes, all feeling centered around John’s finger slowly easing its way inside of him.
The door was immediately, but not hurriedly, opened by a woman in a sharp navy pin-striped dress modeled after the style of men’s suits, right down to the tie.
“Well, obviously I called them when you were busy drinking and told them that you were no longer interested in the position.” Sherlock smiled.
“See you next time, Sherlock. Maybe I’ll call first and arrange a date like I did this time, or maybe I’ll just leave a corpse on your doorstep. So many decisions, so little time.”
“Well, you started trying to hypnotize me and I decided to go along with it. It’s very freeing to just lowering your defenses and enjoy yourself. I’ve never been interested in anything other than my work but you made me feel wanted were genuinely interested in me. How could I say no?”
“What about John’s life? He’d better be alive or Moriarty will experience pain like he never has in his life,” Sherlock bit out.
John patted around the blankets, peered under the pillows but still no iPad. He sighed in frustration.
“Are you sure? It really is fascinating,” Irene said, the corner of her mouth twitching up in a knowing smile.
I know that my death will be very hard on Sherlock. He really was the son I never had and I love him dearly. Now it’s your job to look out for him on your own because you know that he can’t be trusted to do it himself. I’ll be downstairs for a little while, making sure things are settling down here and then I’ll be moving on.
“John. You’ve been lied to all of these years. Bob and Elizabeth are your grandparents. Harriet Watson is your mother and I can prove it.”
John looked through the curtain in 221B and watched Sherlock step gracefully from the back of Mycroft Holmes’ black limo. He did not look happy.
“Anderson! What the hell are you doing lurking in that alley? And why are your trousers unbuckled. Couldn’t you just find a loo like a normal person?” Lestrade barked.
Throwing the bottle across the room, John picked up a napkin from the end table and blotted Sherlock’s lips.
“This is my job, Sherlock. I won’t have you forcing me to act in an unprofessional manner. Now lay there and try to be quiet because I’ll be ignoring you anyhow.” Becca turned and went into the lav to scrub up.
I’ll be there. My favorite dish is spinach tortellini in marina sauce. It’s not important to me whether or not you’re able to cook. Your company is enough.
“If I can make you come in the next five minutes, you’ll let me fuck you up the arse tomorrow. Deal?”
Today’s delivery person had held his hand out which John just stared out waiting to see if there were more items to be handed over. The man had snatched his hand back, made a disgusted noise, turned around and stomped back the way he’d come, slamming the door behind him. That was different.
“I won’t be long.” She turned back to John and held his hand while the doctor left the room closing the curtain quietly behind him, a look of pure disgust on his face.
“Oh my. They forgot to take the scones that I made for them this morning!” She lifted the tray off of her kitchen table and brought it up to the boy’s flat setting it down on one of the rare clean spots on their table.
“Just pack up everything that you think can help us find John and get over here. I’ll keep my agents in place just in case Moriarty has hidden John somewhere in the building and is planning to sneak him out.”
“Goodbye, Johnny! Feel better.” But John didn’t answer and Mrs Watson was content. Everything was going to be fine and Shepherd’s Pie for dinner. She’d almost forgotten about that. That was John Sr’s favorite dish. Yes, everything was going to be fine. Johnny would get out of the hospital and it would be like nothing ever happened.
He didn’t want to stop the grieving process. No. Everyone needed to go through that, put passing out wasn’t going to do anything but leave him with a headache and feeling even worse.
“That would save a lot of angst while also opening a whole new can of worms. Sherlock’s not going to like this so I’ll do it! Now you owe me. What are you going to do for me?” Becca wheedled.
This went on for some time, and he didn’t think that the genius either noticed or felt the same way until one day…”
“Ok. Ok. Good. I’ll see you soon,” Sherlock disconnected the call without waiting for a reply from Mycroft. He needed to pull himself together. He was swamped by emotions and he didn’t know how to deal with them or even recognize what exactly he was feeling. All but one: anger. When he found John, he was going to dice Moriarty into little pieces, and ensure that he lived long enough to regret ever having taken John and Sherlock knew several ways to ensure that that happened.
“No but Moriarty just texted me and asked if I was “missing something” so he’s unsurprisingly behind this. And I could detect the scent of a vampire in here everywhere. He’s been in both the lab and morgue with John and often.”
Sherlock tried but failed to sense John’s location. Of course his scent was everywhere, Sherlock thought stupidly, he came here five days a week after all. He went into the morgue and stopped, staring at the mortician’s table. Blood. Blood everywhere. A bloody scalpel discarded on a nearby tray. They’d cut him open! Why?
“Yes. Yes! Just don’t be disappointed when it takes longer for me to come. In fact, I might not come at all but this is nice. What are you doing?”
“One hundred years, give or take a decade. I can’t be bothered tracking inconsequential things like that,” Sherlock said off handedly.
“I don’t care. What don’t you people get about me not caring. Get the salad tongs and yank that thing out.”
"I don't know who this ‘bat man' is but I wish you'd quit bringing him up. We can't fly so the comparison makes absolutely no sense. The man is obviously delusional"
“You ran me over and left. Lestrade took me to a bar to which you visited briefly and you’re telling me that you’d already ruined my chances before then?!”
“I know you probably won’t believe this but I’m truly sorry that you had a bad reaction to the coffee. That’s going to bother me for a long time.”
Which leads us to the reason for your abuse. You were genuinely wanted by your grandmother - at first -  but legitimate little Lawrence was just too adorable and eventually all the focus went to him.
“And this is exactly why we’re going over this. I was told that you wanted to be penetrated. Is that not the case?”
“She was more of a mother to me than my own mother. I could always count on her to be there for me if only to complain that I’d blown up the flat - again. Now I have no one.”
While I’m tempted to ask you to wear the bells just to see the affect it would have on the other patrons, I do not require that you wear bells. I’m quite certain that I’ll be able to pick you out in a crowd.
Sherlock had always thought that a “honeymoon”was some sort of vacation that newlyweds were forced to take once they were wed but if all it entailed was him being on his best behavior for a month or two until John was well and truly captured, he could do that. He thought he could do that. Well, maybe not for two months. Maybe one? Two weeks? That was more than reasonable! John couldn’t possibly expect to still be in the honeymoon phase after he’d moved in, could he? Actually, as far as Sherlock was concerned, the honeymoon phase was over once John moved in. Sherlock had him and could immediately go back to being himself. John had to know how this worked; better than Sherlock, at least.
