“I have a really big bed, and stupidly expensive sheets.” Tony tries and Steve blinks, possibly a good blink, Tony thinks a little hysterically. “Seriously, they are super soft and luxurious and way more than any person actually needs to sleep on, but I have my hangups and they are one of them. I bet I have shirts big enough for you, and I have underwear I’ve never worn, so you could just go straight to class.” Oh, jesus, he just offered to let Steve use his underwear. This is unraveling.
“Nah, my point stands. You’re perfect.” The statement is said casually, with a wave of the hand to push away the sentiment before it can stick. Steve feels charmed all the same.
Tony lets out a sigh like it was the only thing keeping his body upright and takes one hand away to begin gesturing wildly with it. “And can I just say the level of shock I got for that was really uncalled for, do these people think my suit is just a shell that I rattle around in? Like, come on people, of course I built in shock absorbers. Why on earth would I spend so much time in it if it wasn’t actually going to protect me from shit like that? It is seriously insulting, I can’t-”
Her breathing begins to steady and she lets out a long heavy breath before letting her eyes drop down to the papers still in her hands. They are wrinkled from where her fingers tensed just moments ago, but otherwise seem fine. After another deep breath and Tony shutting off the water with an order for DUM-E to mop up the mess, she straightens up and tucks a loose hair behind her ear.
He doesn’t want to, but his eyes flicker from one magnet to the other and lock into Steve’s. There seems to be something else, some words Steve wants to unload into the empty room around them. That’s where they always end up though, Tony waiting and Steve keeping everything unspoken. When Steve lets out a sigh Tony isn’t surprised and graciously lets Steve look away. He never mattered enough to say it outloud, just some dirty little secret Steve keeps from himself. He long ago accepted that.
“Look at you!” Accepting no hug is forthcoming, Obadiah shifts his arm to clasp at Tony’s shoulder instead and the contact seems to simultaneously burn and freeze every nerve in the genius's body. “You get me one of those?” All smiles and laugh lines that Tony could quite honestly punch right off the man’s face.
Before he can even move to press the keypad there is a clatter followed closely by cursing from somewhere in the penthouse. It startles him enough to get him out of the elevator and the doors rush closed seconds after he steps off. If he weren’t so focused on finding the source of that noise, he would spare a minute to be annoyed with JARVIS for that.
Just as he thinks it, his chest pulls taught and he throws out a hand to grab Stark before the man can leave. “You’re not going alone!” And it is not just anger shaking his voice this time.
“What are you doing?” Steve asks when Tony turns on the water and begins rinsing their bowls.
Tony stretches into wakefulness, grinning at the feel of a heavy arm pressing his chest down into the mattress. He can feel the steady breath blowing faintly into his neck. Morning is just starting to threaten at the corners of the window and Tony feels pleasantly rested and warm. He starts to shift out of bed, deciding he needs a nice cup of coffee to watch the sunrise.
“It went well enough.” He says after another sip of his coffee, then leans forward to rest his face on his fist. “Got them to sign on without too much hassle.”
“You have no idea what show I am even talking about, do you?” Tony shouts and Steve laughs harder, free hand pressing into his chest as he bends forward. Tony’s own laugh joins in and Steve turns to take it all in, to savor the happiness etched into every inch of his face.
“I have been in captivity for months.” Tony bites out, really wanting to skip over all this nonsense and to the point where he is home with a company that no longer makes weapons and an Obadiah that no longer exists. “I think I have a right to a press conference if I want one.”
Steve’s life can possibly keep increasing in insanity.
“Tony.”
“It’s nice, peaceful.” Rogers insists, nothing but relaxed amusement flowing through him. Reassured by the feeling, Tony decides he can be all out in his humor.
“Alright. Is there anything else I can do for you?” Pepper finally asks when they come to a stop at their destination. Tony opens the door and steps out, patting his pocket to make sure the recording device Pepper had given him part way through his story is there.
“I’m really fine not doing anything.” Falls out of Tony’s mouth and it seems that something important must have been some kind of speech filter or close your mouth processor, because more just tumbles out too. “I just wanna be close to you. Really, I can wait. I know we’ve established I have absolutely no patience at all, but I really don’t mind, Steve. We can wait as long as you want, hell, we could wait forever for all I care. It really doesn’t matter to me if we–.”
“Another!” Stark demands with a high giggle suddenly and she is broken from her reprieve as a shot glass is clanked down on the bar in front of her. She smiles indulgently on queue, letting the softness of this persona bleed into her movements as she leans forward to take the glass from him. His face is open and happy, voice loud in the empty room.
“Fixing a, well-” Tony begins, then looks down at the smooth metal in his hand as if the object would answer for him. “-honestly I don’t know what to call the thing. Penis plate? Crotch holder? Metal dick sling?” He glances at her on that last one and there is mirth in his eyes, but his lips are held in a flat line. Seems he’s not giving up the game either.
Tony’s eyes fill with water, but he blinks it away before anything can come of it. His eyes are still wide, mouth parting silently and they just stare at each other for a long moment. It stills something in Steve’s skin, soothes away the nervous buzzing he felt since stepping foot into this room.
“You sure? I don’t wanna crush you?” Steve says with that wonderfully serious ernesty Tony can never get over. It makes him smile, gives him the body control to lift one hand and run it through Steve’s hair. He winds his fingers lazily through it and watches with fondness as Steve settles into the touch. His worry melts with each pass of Tony’s fingers.
“Something more than one word answers would be nice.” He answers with a shrug.
“Fine. Still hate this plan though.” Rhodey puts his hands in his pocket, seemingly to prevent himself from reaching out and tugging Tony from the car and back into the safety of his old friend’s arms.
“I’m just the guy who pays for the food and toys that go boom. I didn’t move you all in to play happy family.” Tony can’t help but reply. The damage is already done, there is no reason to try and salvage something that was too good for him to begin with.
“You can tell me what to do.” Tony whispers against that perfectly bowed top lip and feels the tiny shudder the words inspire in Steve. It feels like home.
“Well, because… Because!” Is all he can come up with. There really is no way to explain this need without admitting to everything he just decided not to tell her.
“As much as you want.”
The sun has traveled to the center of the sky by now and Tony prays he somehow managed to keep plowing north despite the lack of blistering compass. How could Tony not have asked Rhodey how quickly they made it out to him? It seemed like a major oversight about now and he has a mind to demand the answer whenever Mr. ‘I’ll always find you’ deemed them worthy of saving.
Tony laughs outright at that, because honestly for someone who clearly knew his way around the male anatomy, Steve could be remarkably precious. “You do know who you’re talking to, don’t you, Cap?”
“Listen, Cap. It’s fine. I know I lied to you.” Tony spits out, making Steve turn back to him. He’s looking at his empty hands like they’re covered in blood. “I get it. I couldn’t tell you, but that does not make it okay. I’m not hurt, I won’t put up a fight?”
“Yep, definitely. Definitely starting to like you.”
“Do you want to change now, or?” Tony tries, gesturing haphazardly towards the door of his bedroom with his free hands. Steve follows the movement and once again Tony is tempted by that bobbing adam’s apple.
When he brings himself to meet the other man’s eyes again, the same understanding smile is still in place but his eyes are brighter than before. He looks good happy, Steve thinks and lets a smile pull across his own face.
“Yes.” JARVIS reassures. “It should be resolved soon, but the time table is uncertain.”
Then a small object is falling down from the sky. Stark. And Steve can feel the tether loosening because he is back in this place with him, still a part of this world. Hulk grabs him and Steve feels the impact and impossible hope bubbles up inside him. He wouldn’t still feel this if Stark was dead, would he?
“What?” Steve asks, shaking his head and trying to get everything to completely line up, “no, it… He trails off and finally sits up fully, taking in every piece of Tony’s face. He is sitting on his knees at Steve’s side and for weeks Steve didn’t know how much he loved him. “Tony!”
Somehow, Tony lasts another full week of pretending he can’t feel the melancholy of being alone wearing Rogers down before he completely crumbles.
It stings, though Steve surely means nothing by it and Tony lets his weight fall more to his right and away from the furnace of their embrace. He pulls himself up a little taller, calling on all the years where this level of intoxication only meant he was ready to leave the pre-party.
Tony never needed to tell him he was Iron Man. He told the world three years before Steve even woke up. In another month, they’ll have been together for two years.
It is an insane and idiotic risk, but even with his admittedly superior memory, the mind is too susceptible to data loss. Even after Rhodey pulls him out of this god awful sand pit, the stakes are too high not to create a backup.  Besides, after years of hiding things from SHIELD at the olympic level, he is rather adapt at secreting away tangible information.
“Whatever, Stark.” He grins back at the man, unbelievably glad he decided to sit down for a chat.
“No one can ever know you did this. No one can know, Tonino.” She finally says, forcing calm even while her body still trembles. “You can never touch it again. Giammai.”
Tony never approaches a flame or hot surface without the thick gloves Jarvis ordered for him at her request. He never fails to immediately run to a bathroom, pull out his wooden stool and run his reddening skin under cool water anytime an accidental brush pulls the scales into view. Anytime she witnesses it, Maria makes sure to kiss the little one’s cheeks until he squeals with embarrassed delight. By the time a six year old Tony is packed and solemnly leaving for boarding school with Jarvis, Maria believes enough in the promise to let him go. Of course not without fighting Howard for days about the issue, but even then she had felt alright giving up after a thrown gin bottle shattered just a few feet from her arm.
Steve opens his mouth to ask how something like that could have lead to the last terrible month and a half. Before he can voice his confusion, JARVIS speaks.
“I’m Tony, now, huh?” He says, but it sounds more like plea than any kind of question.
Stark nods, and Steve isn’t sure if watching his movements makes feeling them any better. “Still, you were pretty spry, for an older fellow. What’s your thing? Pilates?”
The world seems unable to hold any set tension though, and just as quickly as the anger bubbles up the whole ship rattles around them, metal exploding off somewhere in the near distance. He is suddenly in the entryway with Stark, helping him stand and rushing after him to find the man’s suit. Seamlessly they start working together, moving around the Helicarrier like they can anticipate each other’s every move. The entire world gets calmer and more focused, feeling this tug becomes a good thing as they fight to keep everything airborne.
They find a few hard vegetables and some dried packets of broth along with a pot large enough to prepare a stew. Steve talks him through every part of it, from the way to chop the onion to how long the potatoes will need to cook; his voice a calm and steady rhythm as Tony works. While the pot simmers Tony cuts some hard meats and cheeses he found and layers them up on a plate. Sometimes between browning the onion and peeling the carrots, Steve stretched himself out on the bed and his eyes are closed when Tony turns around to bring his offering.
For a long time after pulling Tony out of the afghan dessert, Rhodey spoke very little about how long he spent searching or exactly how he managed to be the first on the scene only hours after Tony’s escape. After a particularly intense Rock Band marathon and a dozen too many Dark & Stormies those details spilled out all over the pre-sunlight blur of early morning. Tony should have been too far gone to remember the exact and excruciating details. Should have been blacked out instead of hanging on every piece of Rhodey’s sleepless weeks and skirting of the line between disobedience and conveniently located scouting missions. His hard earned alcohol tolerance came in handy at the strangest times.
The order is useless at this point though, because Tony can make out a darker shape breaking out between the swaths of white. He lands heavy, sinking deep into the snow pack and loosing his balance at impact. Nothing matters though, nothing, because those are Steve’s boots.
“I wouldn’t do that-” Yinsen starts, but Tony does not hear the rest of it as he rolls off the bed and the wires yank and split. He chokes on a burst of air as magnet and skin and tissue go right along with it. God this feeling, so familiar he almost relishes in it. Even as he feels the constricting, the air rushing out of him as if it can not bear the thought of giving life to someone like him.
to expect from this
"Yeah. I'm just getting some coffee." Tony responds in a rush when he realizes he’s been staring long enough for the machine to ding at him in prompting.
He feels on the edge of a breakdown and completely convinced he is actually losing his mind when he finds the most insane thing. It is the morning of the fifth day, just yesterday he discovered that he now only owns about 8 pairs of socks instead of the near sixteen he remembers, and he is digging through the scarce pile in search of some running socks when his hand hits something solid tucked in the back corner. He starts a bit, but circles around the cube and pulls it out.
Steve smiles, bright and stunning and Tony could almost cry about it. Before he can get too worked up though, Steve drops down, taking his weight onto his elbows and collapsing all along Tony’s body. It yanks a gasp out of Tony’s throat, makes him suddenly light headed and blurry eyed. God, Steve is so heavy and he is so hard and he is so completely covering him.
The thought catches, snags in Tony’s brain and he needs to fix that right now. He shuffles, uses his body to shove Steve back into the couch. The whine Steve lets out when that separates his lips from Tony’s skin is almost enough to derail him, but then Tony can see the bulge under Steve’s zipper and his focus zeros in.
Steve feels Stark smiling in the other room, speaking easily with Banner and swallows. His shoulders roll back, his back straightens and he pulls his whole face into a flat focus. Out here, removed from the sharp cut of Stark’s stare, Steve can think clearly. And Stark may have been spouting nonsense to rile Steve up, but there is something genuine in his worry. Any other time, under other circumstances, Steve would have readily admitted just how uneasy those unanswered questions left him.
The promise feels heavier than what it is for, Tony’s voice too low, too wrecked. He feels a nod into the crown of his head and just breaths in the hot air captured between them by the blankets.
He coughs and looks away, scanning the empty air behind Stark like it contains the answers to the universe. From the beginning, Steve thought Stark was an unfairly attractive man, but the level of reaction is something he honestly thought he moved past some time ago. Stark looks down at his reading again, seemingly content to let Steve be a disaster all by himself. The room seems somewhat warmer and certainly much more awkward, so Steve jumps to the first thing he can possibly think to start a conversation.
The occupants do not notice her. They face away, focused on the large sink in front of them. Jarvis holds a small squirming child on his hip, angled to hold both of the boy’s hands firmly under the spray. The child turns just enough for Maria to see the wet glimmering of one deep brown eye under the fringe of his unruly curls.
“Can’t lose you in here,” Tony’s hand tightens and pulls Steve down to temper the declaration with gentle lips and soft swipes of his tongue.
“Me too.” Steve tells him, smile impossibly softer. He leans down, uses the light pressure of his fingers still on Tony’s cheek to guide him up just enough to touch their lips together. It’s a tiny thing, soft and quiet. Their lips are barely puckered, still stretch too flat against their teeth with their grins. It explodes the whole room into a beautifully dizzying warmth.
She says to the boy in her arms, when her eyes finally focus back on him.
Natasha is Tony Stark's PA for three months before she uncovers his biggest secret. It would feel like a failure, but when she realizes not even the man himself knows, she forgives the delay. Besides, it is not like his other behaviors escaped her notice. They just took a specific conversation to culminate into the complete, and somewhat baffling, picture.
Then Steve gets it. He remembers watching the news with Tony, remembers those idiots blaming him for Pepper’s kidnapping. She’d been taken as bait for Iron Man sure, but the way they talked about it made it clear they thought Tony may as well have handed her over on a silver platter. They’d berated her for getting involved in something tied so closely to the Avengers and somehow spun it all around to pull their relationship into the discussion. Steve had been ready to storm the studio, but Tony had just stood up and left the room without a single word. At the time Steve thought it would be best to let him blow off his anger for a bit before going down to soothe him.
"Yeah, sometimes.” Steve starts, still looking at Tony. There is a pause and then a sigh and the soldier looks away. His voice is smaller when he finally continues.“Sometimes, I wake up and I feel like I’m- I feel cold."
“Fine,” Tony replies, confusion leaking into every inch of the word. Honestly, if Steve had wanted to know how he held up after being rammed into, not only his couch and coffee table, but also the bed, the question really was coming in absurdly late. He looks Steve over with a raised eyebrow, feeling himself smirk at the awkward shuffling of the super soldiers feet. “Alright, Cap. How about a drink?”
He steps back from the shattered window then, rubbing at the space just inches below the reactor when it flares with his retreat. When that first little side effect of their connection flared up, Tony was convinced it was some malfunction in the arc reactor. He’d made JARVIS run tests on it over and over before realizing not only was the ache unditectable for the AI, but also a bit too far down his sternum to be caused by his little medical inlay. Then it took only a few moments to connect the push and pull with Rogers’ nearness.
“Right.” Tony mutters, then shakes his head and pulls what he can manage of himself together. He takes a deep breath, pulls their locked hands together than apart, before nudging Steve backward. Letting go of one hand, Tony turns and pulls Steve into the main living space.
“Sweetheart, stop.” Suddenly, Steve is right there, face close up to Tony once again. He has a finger on Tony’s lips and he is smiling that soft and beautiful smile of Tony’s terrible hypothetical poetry. The endearment makes something deep in Tony’s bones settle, float to the bottom of a pool and rest.
“Rhodey ride with us.” Snapping the remaining tension between them, Tony turns to Rhodey and continues talking before the man can even consider protesting. “I’m gonna call a press conference and they’ll send you there anyways.”
“Classified?” Steve manages after a few calming breaths, deciding to go back into his room so the blank screen would stop taunting him. Iron Man was Stark’s employee before he was anything else. As much as Steve wanted to, he really didn’t have any right to demand information. He just felt so off-kilter today and he knows Iron Man’s company would go a long way to easing that.
That of course is when things become completely not normal. Two hours pass, which Steve fills with finishing the preliminary write up and chatting with Natasha and Clint when they both pass through for snacks and some TV time. All the while, his eyes keep glancing up at the elevator, waiting for the familiar metallic figure to step out.
“I’ve got to look. He doesn’t have his shield. If he’s hurt... There’s no way for the man to navigate in this storm. He’ll die out there.” The last sentence cuts, feels chewed raw in his mouth, all glass shards and spikes. He turns to the cutout in the corner, charges up the boots.
“It just feels cold on your skin because of the burn. It will stop soon, I promise.” The butler replies and suddenly Maria is shaken out of her haze with a need to soothe her son.
“Is that legal?” Rogers asks and Tony can
A choking noise crawls its way out of Tony’s throat and he presses a hand to his mouth to hold it in. They sit like that, Tony at Steve’s feet and Steve turned away from him all the same. The air feels alive, some creeping thing that presses in all around them.
Then he collapses, shoves his face into the crook of Tony’s neck and lets out a distressingly amusing groan.
“Shellhead, this is serious.” He tries, but a little hiccuping thing pops out after and they both dissolve into giggles again. “Come on, come on! I think something is going on.”
“Yeah.” Tony beams at him, so stunningly happy that Steve can’t stop himself from stealing another kiss. Can’t stop himself from stealing a couple more after that.
“You can never do this again.” She begs into the downy softness of his overgrown hair. “Never again.” The boy continues to sob, but she can feel the near frantic nodding against her breast and presses their bodies tighter together. “Forget about it, never touch fire again. Never show anyone.”
The tether is short, barely yanking anymore and Steve jumps up onto a thick branch blocking view of the clearing in time to see both Stark and Thor pull their arms back to begin striking again. His shield is in the air, landing first in Thor's chest and then against the thick plate of Stark's armored stomach. Steve ignores the vibrating it causes against the sensitive flesh and catches his shield as it flies back to him.
Letting out a heavy breath, Tony glanced up in time to catch the glass of shrapnel. It was getting a little repetitive, but Yinsen’s false cheer still felt reassuring. Enough for Tony to force himself into a decision just before the pounding of fists on metal broke out between them.
In the end they take his word that Yinsen will be fully endorsed by S.I. as a consulting engineer and sign off to have him transferred to the very best medical facilities in So.Cal. They keep him in an induced coma throughout the trip and won’t answer Tony’s insistent questions, but the relief at hearing the heart monitor’s continual beeping goes a long way. Rhodey lets him sit next to the other man’s bed the entire time anyways.
The entire sleeve is burn to ash, but the fire is completely out and none of the hair on the side of Tony’s face seems to have been affected. His left cheek is bright red, but what she finds her eyes focused on is his shoulder. It is flaming red, nearly as metallic as his armor and broken in a strange scaly pattern with yellow lines. She feels a shiver run up her spine at the sight, because yellow is never a good color even if this one seems more golden than sickly.
“I want to.” Tony manages, though it comes out strangled because he is
Still. He looked young. Younger than the eight year age difference really should be accounting for, even with the bags under the eyes and the sagging of his skin from injury and neglect. That and the fact that although Yinsen started his script much the same way every time, if Tony deviated wildly so did the other man. On trial six, Tony had immediately stood up, grabbed the battery off the table and staggered towards the metal door. Yinsen had cut himself shaving, before flinging himself at Tony and guiding him back to the bed. When Tony told him he was already dead and just looping through a dream, the scientist had been so utterly flabbergasted he’d missed the banging door. They both got shot and Tony did not bring it up the following two times.
“Giammai.” Tony promises, eyes still terrified but voice filled with a strength that should be beyond such a small boy. It both comforts her and fills her with a new and more complicated sorrow.
“Okay, can you tell me why you are not alright?” She finally asks, stepping back and into her seat across the table from him. Her smile is more soothing therapist now and less terrified feline wrangler. He looks at her for a long while, long enough that her expression starts to fall into genuinely concerned territory. It’s a terrible look on her and unfortunately one he’s seen a lot lately. Wanting her to never look like that is quite the understatement for they way it makes his whole chest clench up, but how on earth can he actually explain any of this. ‘Sorry, Pep. I’m just a little freaked out because Captain America is sad and the universe has apparently decided that is somehow my responsibility to deal with!’ or ‘It’s fine, I’m just consumed by a never ending ache in my chest from some invisible string attached to me and good ol’ Captain A-goddamn-Merica.’
“I-I don’t think so.” He manages and she seems completely unphased by the answer. There is no hint of recognition in her eyes and her smile is still warm. She nods and moves to sit on a stool behind the counter.  The rain yesterday would have irritated her knee replacement.
Tony half expected Steve to backflip off him and out the door, but instead something in Steve’s eyes darkened and he press down on Tony’s wrists. Before Tony could even finish the moan that rushed out of him Steve’s lips had been on his, harsh and demanding and Tony could do nothing more than return the favor.
“Oh.” Steve breathes out and then his hands are gripping so deliciously hard that Tony can no longer remember his own goddamn name. “Good.”
Then Banner is cutting in and the mood is cut. They all freeze up at Banners words, but Steve has little time to process the horror of what the man says before Banner picks Loki’s staff.
This is going to happen, he is going to eat Il Ghiottone’s extra buttery carbonara and love it so much it’ll be the only thing he orders no matter how many times they go back. He will sit across from Tony and wear his favorite deep blue button up and black jeans and his hair will stick up too much in the front. It will be just like the hazy memory he gets every time he passes the restaurant on the street, and it will be perfect.
“You’re always welcome.” Tony responds and this time his distraction is clearly coming from the blue print instead of whatever sparked it moments ago. Steve shakes his head and goes back to work.
“I kept thinking that I wanted to give it to you. It didn’t make any sense because I didn’t even really know you. But it was meant for you and I knew it.” Steve traces over Tony’s fingers, never looking away from Tony’s eyes as he speaks.
“Sleep is for everyone.” Rogers insists, but Tony’s hearing catches on the sound of fabric rustling. It takes a second for him to move past the idea that Captain America is laying down and chatting on the phone with him before bed. It feels so normal, feels like the long conversations he had with Rhodey back in the day. Summers when they had more time than they knew what to do with and sat for hours playing the same video games, lying about their scores to one up each other.
He went through it as exactly as his memory would allow. Held out and responded ‘no’ until the splashing water caught on the battery and he could do nothing but give the same broken ‘yes’ as before. When they take him out into the sun the heat is just as jarring as the Stark logos and when the big fat man shakes his hand knowing how to escape does not stop him from saying “No he won’t”.
“So good, so fucking stupid good.” Tony promises, grin so large it might just end up splitting his face in two. He can’t stop chuckling. He feels dizzy with the euphoria of being this close to Steve, of having this memory of them splayed, with pants half off, across Tony’s too expensive couch.
“You try those new prisma colors yet?” Stark cuts in and Steve shakes himself out of his thoughts. He should just focus on having a nice conversation, instead of planning the tactical advantages of their possible friendship.
Calm guitar fills the room, abating some of the unease in his gut. He stands, shakes out his shoulders and decides a long run through central park would go a long way to washing out any lingering adrenaline from yesterday. Slipping on a plain T-shirt, some cotton shorts and ankle socks, he makes his way out of the bedroom.
“How does that not hurt?” Voice tight and only a hair shy of shrill, she wobbles forward feeling uncharacteristically uncertain in her five inch heels.
“Rhodey?” Tony asks from far away, arm slipping out of Rhodey’s grip to clasp at the bare skin on the man’s elbow. He vaguely registers something like hard scales where their skin meets, but then the room is tilting to the left and the hand gets too tight to notice any texture.
Pepper is frankly quite shocked the first time she sees Tony’s scales and not enough of it can be credited to their existence. Most of the shock, in fact, is from realizing that this is the first time she’s actually seen Tony catch himself on fire. They’ve been working together for years, skirted the edge of a relationship and backed off more times than she can count and spent so much time together she’s pretty sure Tony’s face makes up about 40% of her visual memory. She’s seen him in all manor of insane moments and intimate positions, his naked body is familiar and they never even made it to the bedroom together. Yet, despite how recklessly Tony treats things like workshop safety and protocol, it is not until after taking the mantle of CEO that she actually witnesses Tony lighting himself on fire.
How could he go so long without Tony’s fingers in his hair? How did he not realize it all came back to this feeling, that it all came back to this man?  His voice shakes, he can’t control it. “Tony, god, Tony it was about you. It all, it was you.”
No one responded to Tony’s grumbling, but Steve felt himself relax into it and didn’t bother mentioning his own movie choice. They didn’t say hello, but not twenty minutes into the movie Tony seemed unable to contain himself anymore and started muttering. It was a habit they’d gotten into months ago, Iron Man would whisper little jokes to Steve and Steve would try his hardest not to disrupt the movie with his laughter. Sometimes Steve would joke back, sometimes he would just let the easy company wash over him, but Tony always kept the words coming.
“I’ll get out first.” Rhodey answers immediately, unceremoniously climbing over Tony’s lap to do just that. Pepper and Happy raise their eyebrows but do not comment. Through the window Tony sees Obadiah move to open their door and bites back against the apparently still festering wound now pulsing at the sight of him. Before he can spend too much time on that though, Rhodey is stepping out and pulling Tony flush against his side with no regard for a single person looking at the display.
“Holy shit, holy shit.” He pants out, legs winding around Steve’s waist, heels digging into his tight round ass in the best possible way. “Jesus fuck, Steve. This is the single hottest thing any person has ever done in the history of the universe. Oh my god.”
“Certainly.” Jarvis replies and the sound of the scanner fills the air like a lullaby.
Every single person is shouting, but Tony simply turns and walks right off the stage and out the door without another word.
“What, no! No, do both.” Tony replies, huffing and crossing his arms. Vaguely he understands that he may be a little all over the place himself and really shouldn’t be holding it against Rogers for reacting to all of this nonsense. However, Tony just really really needs to talk to the guy and get him to stop feeling so lonely all the fucking time. It is depressing and Tony does not have time for it along with all the hell brought on by the shit show of the last two weeks. He is a busy busy man with his own smorgasbord of psychosis and does not need to be dealing with those of a recently thawed supersoldier.
Tony gasps at the jarring halt to their rhythm, eyes flying open and cock throbbing in protest. He leans back, breathing too fast as he tries to catch Steve’s eyes. They’re squeezed shut, tight enough to mimic the vice like grip of his hands on Tony. If he weren’t so worried about what went wrong, Tony would shudder at the outright insane show of strength. He can’t more than lean back with how tight Steve’s holding him and it’s nothing short of unreasonably hot.
“Was there a reason for this call?” Rogers asks after they sit in silence for a bit longer than should be comfortable. Tony almost wishes it would have lasted longer, almost wishes he could fall asleep with the faint sounds of Captain America’s static breathing through his speakers. The tether feels more like an anchor and less like a chain the more time he spends focused in on Rogers, the more time he just basks in this easy contentment. Every one of Roger’s feelings seems too large for this world, too much and too heavy.  Right now though Tony wants nothing more than to be trapped under the weight of it. He is fucked.
Then he pulls back again, not far enough to
“Name a single thing you are bad at?” Stark demands, leaning forward to poke Steve in the chest. It sends a pleasant zing straight down to his toes and he has to physically restrain himself from reaching out to grasp Stark’s hand. It feels wrong not to, but the idea of just leaning forward is so ludicrous Steve loses a bit of his easy mirth.
“Oh, hope he doesn’t say anything bad.” Steve replies with a light chuckle, tilting his head to catch Stark’s eyes again. It doesn’t bother him that they talk about him and he wants to reassure Stark that he takes no offense by it. If anything the idea that they would discuss something as simple as his drawing supplies makes him unreasonably happy.
Pepper sighs deeply, but the hyperbola seems to calm her. Tony Stark is being a melodramatic fool? Ah, business as usual then.
“What am I supposed to say?” Rogers demands, chuckling just a bit at the end. Jesus is that ever a nice sound. A job well done or something like it.
That, of course, is when the man reveals his own ability to expand at will and swells up like a disturbing animal balloon. It happens too quickly and Steve can do nothing but watch as Pinstripe’s now five times larger fist collide with Iron Man mid air. The armor is sent flying into the nearest building with such a resounding thud, Steve’s ears ring for a few seconds. He is rushing after his friend before he can even think about it.
The run is helpful for all of fifteen minutes, but he follows his usual trail without thinking and ends up at the door of Mrs. Basil’s Emporium. He pants, breath too heavy for the pace he set, and stands outside long enough to get a few looks by passers-by. It seems completely reasonable to step inside.
Steve shakes it off. He could say all the same things about himself. Stark had been tense, nervous tension rolling off him in waves as he spoke about the secrets SHEILD may be hiding from them. Even so, Steve did little to comfort him. Steve did all he could to speak against him in fact. He has no right to expect better from the other man. Their poor introduction went both ways.
"Yeah.” The hand squeezes and Steve breathes in deeply, building up his chest and shifting Tony where he rests against the larger man’s shoulder.
“There are plenty of things I’m bad at. Just two weeks ago you had to spend a full twenty minutes explaining Instagram to me.” Steve points out, and lets out a deep sigh. He keeps his smile in place and luckily Stark seems caught up enough in their banter not to notice the subtle shift in his mood.
“Yeah?” He chances a kiss on Steve’s nose and gets a little chuckle for it. It’s such a silly gesture, something only his mom ever did when he was too small to really remember it clearly. He likes it though, likes the silliness, the sticky sweetness of it.
“I mean, War Machine isn’t as nice as Iron Man certainly, but I can add a few bells and whistles, you guys wouldn’t even notice.” Tony keeps going, steamrolling on like Steve never made a sound, like they aren’t right this moment holding hands. His eyes are still hard, still focused on Steve’s face but the little spasms at the corners give him away.
“Rhodey, someone tied very closely with that operation gave them my location. Only so many people knew the details.” And Rhodey knows, he has already ran through countless theories before now. Tony knows this, but he still smiles when Rhodey jumps right in alongside him. Sure Rhodey is a pretty face, but the brain is what keeps Tony coming back.
“Thank you.” Steve huffs out when he realizes he’s just been standing in the doorway staring at Tony’s lips for a full half minute. He honestly couldn’t tell anyone what on earth Tony is wearing right now, but he could paint the exact shade of his eyes in the overbright light of the hall. “You, uh, you too.”
“I passed out from the hypothermia before I ever swallowed any water.” And wow if Tony didn’t feel like a complete tool for his last thought. He tightens his fingers where they’ve interlocked with Steve’s. Steve squeezed back and takes a few more deep breaths. “I was awake, for awhile. And I remember all of it.”
"Tony, you don't–" Steve starts to say, even as he lifts up one hip and allows the blankets to unfurl.
“Yeah, I uh. Malfunction. I need, I have to go.” Iron Man responds, his words jerking out of him in quick bursts. He sounds frightened, sounds exactly like the time he pulled Steve out from under a collapsed fifteen story building, brown eyes wide in worry. He can still see the wetness pooling in them.
When he gets up to the common floor, he immediately starts searching for someone. Today is a sign that he should bring his team in on this issue, or at least get someone to reassure him that forgetfulness isn’t a sign of some super villain plot. Luckily, he spots Iron Man landing on the balcony just as he makes it into the living room.
“Sam and Vision are back. The wings took a few good hits too many, thought you could give ‘em a look.” Steve is still looking at him with that wary frown that seems to have etched itself into the very cells of his face since Tony started spending more time at the compound.
They are just looking at each other for a long while, eyes locked and stupid grins on their faces. Tony can’t quite pick out why he feels so giddy, but it can’t be all that important when Steve is running his hands slowly up and down his waist and hips. Nothing can be important when Steve is looking at him so sincerely, so soft and lovely.
“Yes and it is past my bedtime.” Rogers replies flatly, serious as a ton of bricks.
Tony is laying across the length of it now and Steve is looming over him, still between Tony’s splayed legs and gripping Tony’s waist and ass tight. It casts his entire face in shadow, makes his already lust filled eyes look even darker. Then he swallows, his grip loosening and face getting a little uncertain.
“You barely know me.” Tony points out, but his smile is brighter now. Steve can see the deep hue of purple under his eyes as they stretch up into his crow’s feet. Certainly, he new Tony was tired the moment he entered but the reality seems to be hitting him just now. He steps further away.
After that it all starts to click into place. It doesn’t matter. Steve knows the truth now sure, but the bond is old and worn in. The only thing that needs to change is that Steve can see Iron Man as often as he wants to now. He can go track down Tony when he’d usually been told Iron Man is off location.
Tony takes a deep breath and Steve pulls himself out of his thoughts. “I thought, maybe it was for the best.” Tony whispers into the meat of his shoulder, almost too quietly for even Steve’s hearing to pick up. It chills him to his very core. “Maybe you’d be happier if you didn’t know I–”
”We don’t have to do anything, really.” Tony promises, he scrambles at his thoughts like they are a deck of cards he just threw out on the floor. “I like just being with you, just sitting and being close and–”
“Is this okay?” He asks and Tony realizes that he is literally just laying limply on the couch and staring at Steve. It takes a great effort to do much else though, because Steve literally just picked him up and tossed him down on the couch, just crawled over him and caged him under his bulk. It’s just like being backed into the wall all over again and, also, about ten million times better. The whole world exists right here, in the space between their chests.
“You remember, really?” Tony says into his neck, breathing still harsh but more controlled now. He lets his grip loosen just a bit, lets his head leave Steve’s neck and stares at him. His eyes are red rimmed, but no less beautiful than they were by the candle light earlier. Steve smiles, knows he must look just as wrecked as he feels, but Tony grinns back. He looks so happy, so destroyed by his own joy. “God, you know?”
consolation prize it’s the ability to compartmentalize, Steve turns to look at their prisoner and bodily forces his mind back on the task at hand. Something was bothering him before whatever just happened between them.
“One.” Steve nods and Tony shivers, shudders near violently because Steve is leaning back down and, oh god, he is so tall.
He wants to kiss Steve one more time and another time after that, and just for good measure a third and fourth time if he can swing it. His body is hot, so over warm and delicious. If Steve steps away, Tony will fall right through the floor and he just can’t take it.
He chugs about half the container of orange juice before taking a long shower. When he gets out and dresses he keeps his eyes turned up when grabbing a pair of socks. Turns out kids have got something good going there with the whole ‘if I can’t see you, you don’t exist thing.’
Getting back out of the car takes just as stupidly long, but this time they have the excuse of conversation to blame. Tony is arguing about some sitcom Steve’s never seen and Steve is disagreeing with him on everypoint just to see the furrow between his brow get deeper and deeper. They’ve been sitting in the parked car for nearly ten minutes when Tony stops talking and turns to look at him with the most exaggerated expression of betrayal Steve’s ever seen.
He pulls off the mask first and feels some tension ease from his shoulder at the lack of bruising and blood. Both of their helmets were padded thickly with any and all cloth they managed to find over the past weeks, but the chance of concussion and hemorrhaging was not null. Still, the man’s eyes are not open so concussion cannot be ruled out. Tony moves to pull open an eyelid just as both fly open of their own accord. Somehow they manage to miss a collision of foreheads as Yinsen buckles forwards to grasp frantically at his left leg. Turns out Tony celebrated a lack of blood too early.
“You always want a drink,” Steve mutters but follows Tony as he starts towards the exit. “Stark-”
He tries a shaky smile and opens his mouth to defend his choice, completely at a loss for how to explain his thought process without sounding completely insane. Tony knows he rarely rides in anything but Shield issue SUVs and his own motorcycle. He’s never even really seen more of an Audi than it’s silhouette in this very garage.
Steve takes a long swallow and coughs again before setting the mug down on the little wooden bedside table. He does not turn to look at Tony, but continues speaking. “There was a guard that caught sight and got the alert up before I could get ‘em. I managed to get about ten before I went down over the cliff. Lost my bike somewhere down there. When I woke up I was alone, no water, half the suit torn and I was freezing.” He pauses, looking down at his bare hands like somehow they will take over the story telling for him.“I could barely move.”
“Alright.” And Tony sort of wants to just let it drop there, let the silence creep in again. Of course Rogers seems unable to gather that from Tony’s lazy happiness and starts coiling up in awkward uncertainty.
“So fucking good to be back buddy.” He finally crokes out, moving from the front door and into the familiar house. This place was always one of his favorite homes and seeing it standing up from the cliffs edge had tugged painfully at his chest. In the low light of evening, it feels even more like a dream now than the late delirious nights in the cave. He shoves a hand in the bag slung over his shoulder and clutches at the papers to remind himself of the reality.
“You can leave before I fall asleep, you know?” He says instead. Steve stills, then lets go of his hand and Tony wants to staple his mouth closed for that. When he turns to look at Steve though, he is smiling, a little hesitant but still kind and happy.
His eyes are glassy, but his smile is all warmth. Tony feels it like a bristle draggin up his throat, like a warm cup of tea in the middle of december.
Time travel has occurred to him before, because of course it has and not just in the “Damn, if only I had a time machhine and could get Pepper blueberries instead” sort of way. He’d given the technology actual thought a few times, sketched out some ideas and some equations. Even got little mini breakthroughs peer-reviewed and published.
There is fear too. Real fear that takes him by surprise but feels like it has been bodily pulsing through him for ages. It feels too real, too close to home, too aware of itself for a dream.
You give me your armor
Steve lets out a long breath and turns to face him fully, lifting one knee onto the bed beside him. He pulls Tony’s free hand out of the air with his own and presses it down into Tony’s lap.
He is a danger to himself on the best days and an actual gift to humanity on his worst. Sometimes he will smile so softly and thank her so genuinely for assisting him that she actually feels a bit bad when he calls her Natalie. Other times his leer is so sharp and dripping in actual intent that she barely holds back from punching him square in the face.
“Tony, I–” It comes out fractured, punctuated by a sharp grasp of Steve’s fingers into the meet of his lower back. He drags his lips and tongue up the side of that perfect sharp jaw, brings his teeth into the equation just at the hinge of it. He tastes so outrageously good, it can’t be legal. Tony should alert the authorities, or just spend a solid twenty minutes licking and biting at the soft skin under his ear. If the hitching breath Steve is letting out is anything to go by, he certainly sides with that second option.
A few times he considered pulling them out to pointlessly confirm the correct prediction of the ten rings’ movements. At least that was the reason he gave himself. Truthfully, he just wants some physical reminder that this is really happening. Every time he wakes in this place, his previous life seems further and further away and he sometimes starts to wonder if he actually left this cave. If the past eight years haven't actually been some torture fueled nightmare.
“I-I don’t–” The spluttering is just as good as the embarrassment and Tony can’t help but wonder if a blush might be accompanying all of this. He chokes back another laugh, but can’t stop from shaking a bit with silent chuckles. This only seems to goad on more spluttering.
Yet, he knows it’s going to happen. He knows it like he knows Anna’s cat is thirteen years old, like he knows those paintings in Tony’s room are his, like he knows kissing Tony is the best feeling in the world. It doesn’t matter why, it doesn’t matter how or when or where. That ring is for Tony and Steve loves him and someday they’ll get there. Someday all these things will be true and maybe it’s all just the universe pushing him to accept it sooner, maybe it’s someone from the future trying to talk some sense into him, maybe he is just losing his mind. If Tony keeps looking at him like that he honestly won’t be able to bring himself to care.
It’s not until nearly two decades later that he even thinks about the memory of bright glimmering hands. He’s rushing towards his best friend, stomping on the uneven texture of hot sand with a chest so suddenly light he could simply collapse and sob right here. Tony is here, Tony is safe and here and Rhodey is just a few feet from him now. He can make out the clumpy eyelashes on the other man’s face where they rest against his red cheekbones. He can see the way his exposed shoulders glimmer in the sunlight, how every part of him is layered in yellow and red. In some far away part of his brain, Rhodey thinks it is the most beautiful sunburn he’s ever seen. Most of his mind, however, is focused on getting a smile, getting some sign that this is really Tony, his Tony here and alive and safe.
“What?” All the anger is gone now, replaced with an exhausted confusion. It is a good thing this look is so nice on her because he has a feeling this is going to become a standard expression in the years to come.
Instead, because if waking up 70 years in the future comes with
“Stark,” Steve suddenly says and Tony snaps up with that terrible tether he tied between himself and Steve all those years ago. For months he tried to sever it, but it seems the line is just as strong as always. Not for the first time Tony wonders if Steve was sent here to punish him for all the wrongs of his life and lives past. Steve keeps looking at him, the silent thoughtful expression so terribly familiar Tony wants to go back to his suit and fly away. He could do it, Steve is alive and at least somewhat safe here. Somehow though, it feels like the wrong decision. Finally, Steve speaks and Tony knows him well enough to know it won’t be what he was thinking. “Could you put a few logs in?”
“Nope, I’m all good. Just peachy honestly.” Tony babbles out, firmly not looking Obadiah straight on in case Rhodey’s gesture is not enough to dissuade any PDA from the man. If he notices anything odd about that behavior, he does not show any outward sign.
They are sticky, still half in their pants and it is only going to be a matter of time before Tony’s trapped hand starts to fall asleep. None of it matters though, it all just makes the world glow a bit brighter, makes the overhead light hue a soft and luxurious yellow. The couch is comfortable too and Tony is starting to consider the merits of just laying like this for the rest of his life when Steve shifts.
Instead of completely losing his mind though, Steve forces himself to step out next to Tony and shut the door behind him. It puts his body close to Tony, near enough to feel his heat, but too far to be touching. Tony lets them linger like that for a moment, eyes locked and smiles stupidly big and bright. Then he clears his throat and steps back, gesturing to the elevator, “shall we?”
“Can we go look at the ring?” Tony asks and Steve’s chest overflows a million times over. Both of them are red eyed and tear stained, there is snot rubbed into Steve’s left shoulder and Tony’s hair looks like a tornado ran through it. Steve has never loved anything so dearly in his entire life.
“Did you think I wouldn’t come if you needed me too?” He asks, just as gentle, just as solid. He lets one hand slide up over Steve’s throat and onto his cheek, traces a finger over the bone and down the line of his nose. “Steve.”
"Does this help?" Tony asks, pressing so close his knee rested atop Steve’s.
“Fair enough.” Iron Man gives in and he seems to make some decision to relax into the chair. His posture goes from straight and tight to something as close to slouching as his suit can allow. Steve smiles at him, glad the air is losing some of its tension. He wants to ask about his latest mission for Stark, wants to make sure nothing went sideways on him. Something about it must have been difficult, Iron Man always seems a little worn out after a long Stark Industries mission.
They are really going to do this. They
Steve can see the frustration in every movement even through the video and tries to place the time of this recording. Tony is wearing a black tank top and sweats, but that is a normal enough outfit that it does very little to help him.
“More than anything.” He swears, pressing the words into Tony’s lips to make them more true.
He can tell Tony has been lonely too, has been longing for this easy togetherness as much as Steve and it spurs him on. Steve makes him coffee in the morning and lunch whenever they both are in the Tower. He sits down in the workshop until they get hungry enough to order in or go see if Bruce will cook everyone a nice dinner. After a battle, he stays with Tony and makes sure nothing cut him too deep or hit him too hard. When things inevitably do, he sits by his bed or with him on the couch and brings him meals around the clock. The team has taken to teasing him relentlessly, but he can’t care. Being with Tony makes sense, it makes all his forgetfulness seem unimportant, it makes him outrageously happy.
The absent and easy aesthetic appreciation does not last long though, because just as Steve turned to see Stark on reflex, Stark turns to casually meet his eyes. It is not soft, it is not subtle, but it is not jarring in the way of Stark’s musical entrance. It feels like a bubble popping, a latch slipping into place, a key finally turning its lock. Something inevitable. One moment Steve is admiring Stark’s precisely sculpted beard along the bone of his jaw and the next he knows the exact rhythm of the other man’s heart.
“I would if I could get this damn thing off,” Tony mutters to himself, as he manages to rehook the latch he’d released only moments ago.  He tenses when Steve starts to approach, glancing over at the half empty bottle next to his portable tool set. “I…I was trying to lay off a bit, today.”
“God, Pep. I don’t even fucking know.” He lands on eventually, slumping forward to prob his elbows up and rest his chin on his palms. “It is so completely insane I don’t think there are words in any language capable of explaining.”
Steve laughs and nods and falls into step with him.
He knew the thing was pressurized, knew the metal was strong and sharp and a bit unstable. But, he hadn’t slept more than three hours at a time since, since everything. He kept replaying Siberia over and over in his head, wishing he could reach into his own brain and scrape the memory out. Wanting to yank at the knowledge and the betrayal and his own mistakes until there is nothing left. So, he ignored FRIDAY’s warnings, ignored the quiet thrum under his hand and recklessly pushed into the seems at the six millionth replay of a shield hitting the ground and eyes looking away.
“Maybe,” Tony admits and runs a hand through Steve’s hair, before dropping it to his neck and holding on a little too tight. “Wouldn’t mind spending the time here.”
“Thank you,” Steve chokes out just as Tony turns away and it draws him up short. He turns back, knows his face looks gutted and wishes he kept the face plate down when they came inside. The pained look on Steve’s face should feel like some kind of justice, but instead it just cuts deep into Tony’s gut. Everything in him still yearns for Steve’s easy smiles, his gentle caresses and resolute care. “Thank you, for looking for me.”
He can make out a faint trail in the trees where they've been disturbed by the men before him, but he does not use that to direct his movements. The pull is still strong, but as he free falls in his precise arc it eases just the smallest amount. When he pulls the chute open, it is nothing to yank at the rope on either side to steer him along the line between them. He is still in the air when he feels Stark collide with something not unlike a brick wall. Yet, the wall must give since Stark stands back without a ricochet such collision would require. Then Stark's face is cooled by a brush of air and it takes a moment, in which Steve tries to understand what the man might be saying using just the feel of a tongue against teeth, for Steve to realize it means the face plate must have pulled up.
“Just the usual.” He offers, but feels a desire to really share. “Training, write ups. I got called in to run a few classes at SHIELD. I always like seeing the new recruits. They have a promising group coming up right now. I think a few of them will be great to have helping in the field.” Stark relaxes more and more as Steve continues and nods along to every sentence. It feels comfortable, familiar in a way that it shouldn’t.
Then Rogers seems to gather what question Tony actually answered and sighs. It sounds put upon, but his core is all amusement and Tony can’t help the stupid grin. Pepper’s eyebrow raises and he just smiles brighter.
“Dio, perché lui?”
“You mean that too!” He whines, over dramatic and nasally. “I swear you really are 100.”
“No, it feels more like honey.” He tells her with full sincerity and she leans her elbows on the bar, waiting to hear of some high society party’s interactive entertainment. “Feels good.”
“How’s Nebraska, Capsical?” Tony responds in lue of a greeting, because why on earth wouldn’t he know Tony is calling? He’s had the number long enough to have programmed it into his phone no matter which line JARVIS used.
Turns out hell does exist, though it seems weird for this to be his ultimate punishment. There are so many other memories to choose from, he could fill whole mansions with the options. This isn’t even the earliest one, nor the most recent. To be honest it feels horribly arbitrary and he is a little disappointed by the lack of intelligent design here. If a soul he never accepted having is going to be tortured for all eternity, the least they could do is put some effort into it.
They are standing here in this kitchen, face to face but not eye to eye and Steve feels like he is across the country, across the damn universe. From far away he speaks. “I…I did know that.” When Tony simply continues to look at the blue chip clip magnet a few inches from Steve’s right ear, he clarifies. “About your parents.”
They stay longer than anyone but Tony Stark would ever be allowed, lingering over coffee and dessert like they can’t just go back to the tower and sit in their black cushioned chairs to keep in each other’s company. Their hands have been laced together all night, Steve taking full advantage of the ambidexterity gifted to him by the serum.
“No better place to be in a blizzard,” Steve agrees and his arms press Tony flush against him. They are both hard, but it seems distant and unimportant.
“Are you fucking with me, Rogers?” Tony demands, but his hand is still in Steves and he makes no move to pull it away.
“What I did is to save your life.” A smile as he answers the question Tony did not ask, but remembers. Yinsen goes through his monologue like a trained actor, jiggling the shards of shrapnel against glass right on queue before tossing them. Tony catches without thinking and considers that maybe he is playing through the motions too before remembering the previous deviations. Yinsen’s description continues, while Tony ignores the jar in his hand, bracing to interrupt on schedule.
When stripped down to his barest components, Stark is a good man. An idealistic futurist that despite his own pessimism still believes in humanities ability to do good by itself. Stark works for a goal, a large all encompassing goal whose finish line only he can see. Still, all of that good is wrapped in layers and layers of alcoholism, nihilism, daddy-issues, egotism, self-loathing and on and on the list goes. He refuses acknowledgement for his good works while simultaneously insisting his ass is proof of God’s existence. He is just as likely to help someone who points out all his faults as someone who blatantly strokes his ego. Every action comes with a motive so tangled in inconsistencies the actual purpose behind it can only be seen if you look sideways and through a mirror at it.
-Julia Nunes
“Alright, alright. You are not going to like this, but…” he begins and then launches into a rushed summary of everything he told Rhodey. Like Rhodey there is a raw anger as the tale unfolds, but unlike him she actually seems completely shocked and he takes comfort that he is not the only one caught off guard by the betrayal. Happy says nothing but he also nearly crashes into a wall when Tony admits Stane is his prime suspect and his heavy breathing says just as much as Pepper’s cursing of the man.
“The one and only,” He answers, ignoring the way the air bites into his face, how his throat burns as he breaths it in. Nothing matters, not with Steve’s eyes locked on to him, looking at him like every good thing in the world exists in Tony’s face. The focus is off, Steve only just started shaking for warmth, but somehow Tony feels pierced through.
Tony looks up at her then, his eyes are a little wide and it seems he’d been intent enough to not notice the drop in volume or the clack of her heels. For a moment they both stare at each other and it takes nearly all of her will power to hold back a snort, but that would ruin the game and really it’s so much better when Tony is the first to crack. Slowly, he straightens his back and moves the piece of red metal away from his crotch where he was holding it against himself with the hand not holding a blow torch. Thankfully the blowtorch is simply dormant in his hands otherwise Pepper may have decided on a more... insistent tone to her question.
“Agia who now?” He asks, voice slurring heavily. For a moment she considers insisting he retire for the night, but decides the data this event is currently producing is worth possible throw up on the carpet. Luckily she is not the one charged with cleaning something of that kind, though it would hardly be the most disgusting thing she’d cleaned out of silk Isfahan.
“We fucking did it. It fucking worked.” His voice is bouncing through the air as he turns to inspect the damage of their landing. The smile falls so far off his face, he hears it landing at his feet.
“I can’t leave him out there,” Tony curses to the empty room around him. The building is cut open in one corner and mostly falling apart in the others, but it gives a reprieve from the biting winds. There is no answer to his outburst, but the silence is neither judgemental or encouraging, so he just mutters to himself, “I can do this.”
“Is there something going on?” He demands, voice gone tight.
“Tony! We were going to meet at the hospital.” Obadiah bellows and moves in with arms open. Rhodey shifts them both just enough to prevent what surely would have been a skin crawling embrace.
“Make me.” And Tony can’t ignore such an invitation, can’t do anything but swing one leg up and then the other to straddle Steve’s lap. His hand is already in the perfect position to drive Steve, to pull him in and shut the man up just like he wanted.
Then Iron Man is standing, straight out of his chair in a movement so fast Steve briefly thinks he could use this level of agility in battle. Steve backs into his chair as Iron Man lurches forward, movements shaking and imprecise. Jumping up, Steve lifts his arms up to help steady him. The ring box is a far away thought. “Woah, are you okay?”
“That son of a bitch!” The bed rattled at the punch into the too soft mattress.
“Not bad,” Steve tells him after a few tastes and Tony laughs.
When she looks back up, Tony is staring at her, torch still lit and mouth tight. They hold each other's gaze for the second time since she came in, but now it is charged with something heavier, something worse. Just as she opens her mouth to ask what he is so fiercely holding back, the torch hisses and spits its flame a little further out.
“Tonight I wanted to propose.” Steve says without thought, but he can’t regret the admission. It is crazy to think of it in the context of the memories he had at the time, but here and now every bit of it makes sense. “That’s why I grabbed your hand. I kept thinking about that ring on your finger and I felt like I was losing my mind.” Tony is looking at him with more love than Steve’s ever seen. It makes him want to do something crazy, makes him want to run into the bedroom and not leave for days on end.  “I wanted to tell you I loved you when we got to the door.”
Tony lifts his hands, runs one along the hunched curve of Steve’s spine, scratches the fingers of the other along his scalp. “I meant it, Steve. I don’t expect anything, I just didn’t want you to leave.”
“You can tell me, Cap.” Iron Man responds immediately, he leans forward a little and tilts his head. Knowing he has the man’s full attention, he tries again.
Above all though is Steve’s mouth. His hot, delicious, wonderful mouth moving in rhythm with Tony’s. His teeth are biting, the fierce pressure of skin on skin bruising and breath stealing and so good, so fucking good. Everything before pales in comparison to what is happening now, doesn’t hold a fucking candle to the absolute frenzy they are composing between them.
“It’s okay, we don’t…” Tony tries to say, but then Steve is turning his hands to pull them out of Tony’s and running them back up his thighs. It’s not fair, not at all and Tony cannot be held responsible for his actions. He whines and grinds back into that deliciously solid hipbone, just for a second, not even enough to really be noticable. He can feel Steve’s fingers clutch again and takes a haggering breath to get some much needed oxygen back into his brain.
Long moments pass with them just looking at each other, speaking in some old language of soft breathes and gentle brushes of fingers on skin. “Thank you, Tony.” Steve speaks nearly directly into Tony’s mouth. His voice is heavy but soft and it settles deep into Tony’s bones.
“Yeah, we could keep kissing.” Tony agrees and starts to lean in to punctuate is agreement, but he catches the heavy bob in Steve’s throat and rushes to reassure him. “Just kissing. I’ll be better about, well–”
“Steve.” Tony says with a poorly disguised laugh, which only makes Steve groan louder. His arms tighten around Tony’s middle and he burros further into the space where Tony’s neck and shoulder meet. Tony’s smile spreads and his chest seems to fill with something lighter than helium, ready to float away if not for Steve’s hold on him.
The hat is rather nice to have, as his morning ruminations got him running with the sun much higher in the sky than usual. When he passes the old Italian restaurant, he crosses the street and resolutely refuses to look at it.
“If I had to do it all over, I wanted to keep somethings the same.” Tony tells him with a shrug. The idea makes something in Steve’s gut grow warm and liquid.
“How did you not feel it?” He can’t help but ask when they’ve been standing silently, aside from Tony’s whines of pain, at the sink for long moments.
If the whole world had not been going to hell in
Tony looks back at him and shrugs. “Just cleaning up.”
“Oh, have you been in here before?” A voice calls out and he looks up, startled to find an older woman with three large flowers sticking out of her messy grey hair. She is near paper thin, but looks warm and inviting all the same. Steve’s stomach rolls and not just because of how underdressed he feels in his already sweaty workout gear. Her name is Anna and Steve remembers her fat orange tabby cat that lives on the staircase behind the counter.
“I had to, I couldn’t...” Tony is staggering to his feet now, wobbling and leaning heavily into the dented wall. He reaches a hand out for Steve and Steve takes it without thinking, marveling at the points where the bear tips of his fingers hit Tony’s knuckles. The thickness of them is so familiar and Steve drops the hand just as suddenly as he took it.
Tony swallows finally, a dry and forced thing. He tries for a smile, grimaces and adds, "no, no. Never mind. Pretend I didn't ask."
“Tony, I remember.” Steve chokes out and he knows the minute Tony understands. The fingers in his hair freeze, the hand on his back spasms and clutches into the fabric of his shirt. He pulls back just enough to see Tony’s face, just enough to lift a hand from where it clutches Tony’s side and move it to cup his cheek instead. Tony’s eyes have been trying to tell him this whole time, wide and hopeful each time Steve looked at him. Steve runs a hand down Tony’s cheek and feels his chest tighten when his boyfriend shivers. “I remember everything, sweetheart.”
“How was the trip to Hong Kong?” Comes out of his mouth and both he and Stark look at each other in surprise at the outburst. Just a few moments ago Steve had been ready to ask where he’d been all of last week, but just before that question formed he remembered the answer. A few days before leaving, they were sat on the couch in the adjacent living room, sharing a bowl of popcorn and watching something in the long list of movies Steve needed to catch up on.
“Look I’m sorry, really I am. It–” Tony starts, but Natasha is upon them and she doesn’t look surprised. Steve can’t take it, can’t look at her or Tony or that hole in the window anymore.
“What?” Steve can't help but ask, feeling both stupid and indignant as Stark continues to needle at him. The man is awful, poking at every raw edge of Steve like he has some vendetta against him or probably more accurately some great amusement to gain from riling Steve up. Luckily, before things really escalate a loud thump crackles above them and breaks their concentration. They both look out the front window, only to see a huge man clinging to the nose. A burst of lightning and they are all moving for some kind of weapon. Stark opens the ramp and before Steve can get the words out to question that stupid idea the man comes flying into their plane. There is shouting, there is a thud against his chest as Iron Man falls into Steve. The man pays them no mind, grabs Loki and flies right back out. Steve would likely be shouting along, but he managed to catch a glimpse at the man's face and reassures both Romanov and Stark that the man is a friendly.
“Stane.”
“Thank you.” Steve replies, but it sounds half strangled even to his own ears. Kindly, Steve thinks, JARVIS does not comment on it. He also says nothing when Steve decides to forgo the drink and simply head out for his run without another word.
With that in mind he replies, “talking.”
Tony manages to unknot the wires from his chest again before the choppers touch down a few feet to his right. However, he only starts to raise to his feet before strong arms are wrapping tightly around him and moving him up towards the aerial vehicle. He can’t stop the shaking laugh at the mention of the ‘Funvee’. Can’t help the hopeless wish for an earlier start time when Rhodey makes him promise to ride together from now on.
“Sure.” Steve manages, blinking a few times and looking away from Tony’s profile only to find it layed out on his sketch pad. “You okay with me staying down here to finish my sketch?”
Steve is in and out of consciousness at this point, but the heavy wool blankets folded on the foot of the bed promise to speed up the warming process. He pulls them out and over Steve’s violently shivering form and the man manages a week and hazy smile.
“Sam’s always breaking my stuff. What’s he done now?” Tony sighs deeply, making a dramatic show of finishing off his glass and ambling to his feet. His hands shake, just the slightest amount, as he moves to unhitch the gauntlet and partial arm he’d been fiddling with while watching Cupcake Wars.
“Sure. What are you thinking?” Steve immediately answers. He feels excited, pleased by the turn of events. He’s always wanted to actually go out for a meal together, but Iron Man couldn’t really partake in those sorts of things so he never asked. It’s something they can actually do now though, it makes him feel overfull.
For a moment Tony thinks Steve is just going to spend the rest of his life with his face mashed into Tony skin. Which, admittedly, wouldn’t actually be all that terrible, but then Steve shifts. He leans back, uncurls himself a little, presses into the hand still resting between his shoulders. When he meets Tony’s eyes this time, there is a determined furrow in his brow.
“Yeah, I wanted to know how you liked Nebraska.” It takes him a minute to come up with an answer that doesn’t start with ‘I knew you were lonely’. It would backtrack all the work he’s done to chase away the cloud that seems to follow Rogers wherever he goes.
“You’ve been MIA for three days.” Tony admits once he feels in control enough to speak. “Dunno how long you were lying out there like last weeks garbage.” He tries to chuckle but the thing dies before it makes it into any recognisable noise and Steve pulls him in tighter. It feels like he will fly apart if Steve ever lets go, feels like he will disintegrate into dust right here if Steve stops breathing into his hair.
“God damn it, Cap!” He yells into the sky, knowing full well the snow will swallow any sounds before it makes it to the ground below. It’s already piling ever higher, any remains of a motorcycle will be completely gone by the end of the hour.
Tony pulls away, but can’t stay away long and presses another kiss to the corner of Steve’s mouth. He tries again and this time the kiss lands on Steve’s cheak, another on his forehead, his nose, his chin.  They keep coming, all over his face, quick desperate pecks to every inch of skin Tony can find. “God, Steve. I missed you. I missed you.”
“Awesome.” Tony beams, it’s ridiculous how much he smiles these days. Something is bound to be sprained at this rate and he can’t honestly get himself to mind.
“Jesus Fuck,” He mutters when he clears out the ice that formed over Steve’s face and sees the blue of that perfect upper lip. Any other man would be frozen by now and Tony needs to take Steve somewhere tropical like yesterday. Needs to stop thinking about how panicked Steve must have been as the cold started to settle into his skin.
It is startling to realize, but he really means it. Stark is a beautiful man, someone Steve would have admired from a distance in a previous life. Beyond that though, he is fascinating. He can push Steve to a level of frustration that almost frightens him at times, but he can also make him smile faster than anyone but Iron Man. In the span of their thirty minute conversation, he’s managed to makes Steve completely forget about the strange problems of the last few days.
“I go for the company,” Tony cuts in, turning briskly to set the gauntlet down in its casing on the coffee table. It hits him that maybe he admitted a bit too much there, so he hastens to add,  “no one else in this suped up bomb shelter will play me at chess anymore. Too many hurt feelings.”
She does not answer, uncertain if she wants him to continue the stories or if she wants to slip away and begin digging through the archives of every database at her disposal. There is a very old secret here, protected by some unknown person and nothing thrills her quite like a real, true mystery. They sit in silence, Stark gazing out at the black horizon of the Pacific and Natasha cataloguing every single nuance of the man before her.
“I had a good time.” Tony admits, like a secret for only Steve’s ears. His eyes are open and hopeful, but Steve only looks into them for a moment before glancing down to Tony’s lips. His tongue is already darting out, running along his bottom lip like it did when he asked Steve to come out with him. It travels slower this time, dragging from one corner to the next before slipping back into Tony’s mouth and pulling the lip in between his teeth as it goes.
“I see why.” His smile is goofy, sloppy from the drinks. It’s the most open she’s seen his face since taking the assignment and still it feels like some kind of mask. That feeling only increases as he looks at her for a long stretch. It would be uncomfortable with anyone else, but Stark has a way with the silences he controls. He fills the room with anticipation. “Though fire breathing doesn’t really feel like that.”
“Tony, shut up.” Steve all but yells at him. He is up on his feet now, scratching his nails against his scalp and drawling in a deep steadying breath. He can’t forgive him tonight, but he’ll let it go soon. This isn’t a grudge worth holding and more of it comes from his own strange problems than not being told. It wouldn’t be fair to let Tony hurt because Steve can’t figure out his own issues.
He pulls his hand free of Tony’s and steps out of the car because he wants their first kiss to be somewhere more comfortable then over the middle of Tony’s car. Tony is quick to follow him. He is still grumbling about Steve tricking him into their disagreement, but he slots himself into Steve’s side when they step into the elevator.
The youth of the man looking back at him adds a layer he want to smachk himself for not considering. For a loud and proud atheist, he really jumped on that eternal life concept with fervour. Catholicism is one persistent bitch.
“I’d be happy to.” Steve agrees with a nod and can’t even bother to feel anything but warm when he realizes it has to be the one he avoids running past. “I’ve ran past a few times. Thought it looked pretty good.”
“Not like that!” Tony blurts and Steve takes a reflexive step back, eyes wide at the really unnecessary volume of that outburst. Tony’s skin is buzzing. “Not, not if you don’t want to. We can just sleep, you know, next to each other.” Tony tries and, oh fuck, that is not better. That is worse than trying to get him to have sex honestly. That gives away too much, too soon. Tony has a reputation, asking for sex can be brushed off, but genuinely asking to cuddle while they fall asleep is not something anyone on earth would ever expect to hear from him.
His newest home is in ruins, he is somehow tied to a man straight out of his childhood dreams and he cannot close his eyes without seeing an impossible army of monsters floating in an endless sea of black. There is a list several miles long of things he needs to worry about, to fix and repair and make better. Yet, all he can think about is Captain America and his unrelenting emotional see-sawing.
Yinsen cries out as Tony struggles him flat onto the metal, twisting the older man’s body enough to fit the injured leg fully along side the bulk of his weight. “We just need to head north and Rhodey will be there.” Tony says to himself as he fastens the wires around his waist and shoulders, as he grunts and begins dragging the sled out and away from the wreckage. Somehow he still has the piece of mind to pull the pin in his personally designed delayed grenade just before putting it completely behind him. If Obadiah manages to make something out of that he honestly will have earned it.
“You could say that again.” Steve laughs and leans back in his chair. There is no reason to wallow in his own mistakes and brashness. This could be an easy turning point for them. It would certainly make working together easier. For all Stark insists he is a civilian, his brains have been an asset in more than a few battles. Besides, no one can design a suit as spectacular as Iron Man without knowing the intricacies of all their fights. If they can let their past animosity be water under the bridge, it could be worthwhile to start debriefing him in person instead of trusting him to read any relevant reports on his own.
“Ooo, that voice always makes me tingle.” He shoots back with a leer, but the ties fall loose and he pulls away the leather and sweat damp pages soon after. He thinks about trying to block view of the papers, but Rhodey’s eyes are so fixated on the blue glow that the effort is unnecessary.
“Tony, stop stalling.” And damn was there any real hope of not telling Pepper every last detail. At least about Obadiah and his newest body modification. The whole time travel thing not so much.
“Maybe someone else left them there?” Iron Man hedges, lifting his shoulders high and dropping them in an approximation of a shrug. The same strange hesitance is still in his voice and Steve feels less than reassured.
“It is Christmas Eve, Stark. You can’t spend the night drinking alone.” Steve replies, walking them further into the swath of socialites Tony really wishes he didn’t know.
“I am no such thing.” He insists, grinning and shaking his head. That gets him a full bark and it warms the room more than all the sunlight from the windows behind him.
He wants to be panicking, feels the emotion pooling somewhere behind him, but just as it starts to move forward the moment ends. Romanov signs off with Fury and turns to look at them. Stark flinches and his eyes drop and Steve feels like he can finally breathe again. The other two are speaking and Steve can not only hear but
“Never thought you wouldn’t.” She says back softly, not judgemental. If anything she sounds proud of him. He nods and signs off, trusting her to relay the message to all relevant parties. It takes him sometime to step out of the suit and even longer to gather the courage to go back to Steve.
Yinsen is not moving and Tony’s first thought is how the discarded chest piece is sharp enough that he could die on impact if he threw himself down at a roughly 64 degree angle. But, the initial observation missed the slow and ragged rise of Yinsen’s waistcoat and Tony luckily catches it before finalizing the calculations for necessary blunt force. Instead of flailing dramatically at his own discarded tec, Tony scrambles over to Yinsens side.
Before he can even begin to come up with some method for blind lip reading an impossibly heavy object crashes into Stark's chest and Steve feels his own breath catch in sympathy. The man goes down, but jumps up quick enough only to collide with the wall again. It's when Steve lurches through the trees after unlatching from his parachute that he realizes the wall must be their jail breaker. He hops from branch to branch until finally hitting the ground with no more than a small thump. His chute is tangled in the canopy above him, but a sudden ache in Stark's hands pulls his attention away. Something is surrounding and closing in all around both of his hands, in thick lines that curl around his fist. It must be the gauntlets, somehow crushing in on themselves. Steve picks up his pace and lets the tether guide him.
Steve is just staring though, and he can’t let Steve think for even a second that Tony is just here for the hope of sex. He just can’t, because Steve is so very important. He is special and bright, lighting up every corner of Tony’s life in only their month together. Showing his soft underbelly is all Tony can do at this point and if he had to show it to anyone, well, Steve is the perfect person. He won’t stab it, he won’t laugh at it.
Grunting can be heard from the far corner and Steve swivels to follow it, knocking over a desk chair and potted plant on his way. The suit is crumpled over, resting against a rather large dent in the wall and Steve can see the faceplate is cracked and one of the gauntlets is laying next to it. A tan hand waves out, either to draw Steve over or wave him off since Iron Man’s identity is at risk. Steve decides to go with the former and rushes closer.
“Oh, it’s very okay.” Tony reassures, tilting his hips up to brush his own cock into the side of Steve’s leg. It makes Steve moan louder, pushes a heavy gust of air from his lungs. He shuffles, pressing his hips hard into Tony’s fist and leaning to support himself on one arm. Tony lets the motion jostle them, lets it drag Steve’s leg along the bulge in his pants and shudders. He’s so focused on the feel of Steve’s hot skin in his fist to realize the point of Steve’s shifting. So, it comes as a shock when Steve’s hand is suddenly at his hip, fingers hooking in the waistband of his sweatpants and pulling.
“What, you got a bra in the couch cushions or something?” Iron Man asks and Steve snorts so hard he feels it all the way to the back of his throat.
"Tony?" Steve asks after mostly untangling himself from the blanket mountain. Tony looks up from watching the thick liquid trickle into his mug and sees Steve standing just outside the large doorway to the kitchen. He looks so young, almost amusingly tiny, standing barefoot with two blankets draped over his shoulders like decorative capes. His hair is stuck up on one side and he squints into the half light while scratching absently at his stomach.
Steve is gripping him harder, fingers flexing and relaxing everytime Tony pulls his tongue in and sucks hard. His hips are shifting, thighs flexing and opening just a little wider when Tony wets his bottom lip, pulls it into his own mouth and bites down. It opens Tony’s own legs, adjusts his balance and forces him to settle more into the solid line of Steve’s lap and less on his own knees. Shifting back and forth, Tony can just make out the tell tale firmness right under his own balls.
“Shellhead?” He implores and drops down to his knees next to the hunched over man. His face is turned away and his breathing is fast and shallow. There is nothing that could stop Steve from reaching out and grabbing the metal shoulders of the suit. Turning him is easy, takes just a little shifting and no thought at all. There is blood dripping from his forehead and his brown eyes are dazed, blinking rapidly and unfocused. Steve presses a hand to his cheek and draws him in closer. Tony looks so fragile like this and Steve hates when the suit isn’t enough to protect him. He may be a fighter but he is so very human.
with him?” Pepper blurts, face screwed up in some mixture of shock and glee. The first one Tony can empathize with, but that last bit seems horribly unwarranted.
“So, how’s Nebraska?” He eventually asks, after clearing his throat to sound stern. Rogers relaxes at his easy tone, a comfort to him that Tony hasn’t felt since they split ways. The tether aches a little less.
Yinsen’s pant leg is shredded and the entirety of his shin is covered in simultaneously congeling and flowing swaths of red. No wonder the man hesitated pre-flight.
Attempt two of creating space between them doesn’t go much better because now Tony can fully see Steve’s face. It’s so red, blotchy across his cheeks and nose, bleeding down unevenly to his neck. Tony can almost see it continuing under his rumpled T-shirt and, holy shit, why on earth did he stop kissing that neck?
Then the world shifts and Steve turns to him. Their eyes meet and Tony feels his entire being shudder. There are tears pooling in Steve’s eyes, the blue so bright and sharp it nearly knocks Tony clear off the bed. It feels like they are finally seeing each other for the first time and suddenly nothing about this is enough. Tony lurches forward, Steve opens his arms and they collapse into and around each other.
Itching for movement despite the ache and exhaustion rolling off him in unrelenting waves, Tony trails his fingers along the lower seem on his mattress. The uniformity and neatness reassures him as much as anything could in this place. Tucked deep in the musty and crumpling stuffing behind those stitches is a stack of papers not even Yinsen knows about.
Enough times in Tony’s life he has found peace in the idea of not making it out of a mess, of just being done. Of course, in the end he is thankful for all the people and circumstances that prevented his suicides by apathy, but each time he also really just wanted to hate them for it. Tony will never be able to actually do it himself. The world needs his skills and resources too much for him to just selfishly walk away, to not try harder and harder. And each time the last minute save works out, he never can quite keep that tiny flag of disappointment at bay. Yinsen is much the same as him. The man is skilled and intelligent and idealistic for a future Tony knows will disappoint him. If Tony makes that decision for him, Yinsen will keep going and maybe do something truly great and Tony just doesn’t want to force him.
The next hours are filled to the brim with things so out of this world it makes whatever the hell is happening with him and Stark seem like a quiet stroll through the park. There are aliens, ones that look more like what the word should invoke than Thor or Loki. There is fighting and screaming and Steve feels completely centered in the way only harsh battle ever allows. Stark is everywhere, landing exactly when Steve needs him and they are stunning together. They are a unit, breaking away and flowing back together with an ease unlike anything Steve has ever felt. The other Avengers fall in step alongside them and the nostalgia of teammates cannot take over before Steve is thrust back into the whirlwind all around them.
Steve lifts his head from where it was resting on Tony’s and frees one of his hands to tap at Tony’ chin. It takes a breath, but Tony allows Steve’s hand to guide his face up, so gently.
The pain is there, rough and harsh and oh my god like nothing he has ever felt. But it’s also not, it’s happening to someone else, someone far away and long ago.
Tony is giving him another one of those intense stares and Steve remembers the first time he sat in that Audi, remembers Tony in this same outfit picking it out for the exact reasons Steve chooses it now. He’s never been in that car before, never ridden in anything but a limousine with Tony Stark.
“Workshop. I need to, To– Mr. Stark needs to. I just have to go.” And then the doors are opening and he is stepping inside. They close and Iron Man doesn’t even look back.
“Just, one more. One more.” And Steve sighs, pretends to be put out and Tony is light, full of some bright glowing energy. He likes this guy too much, likes him so much more than any person he’s ever met and he thinks he might well and truly be losing his mind.
“What the hell was I saying?” Tony finally slurs out between wheezing half laughs, head rolling on a limp neck until he manages to angle it just so and meet Rhodey’s admittedly unfocused eyes. They don’t managed to maintain the eye contact for very long before cracking grins and collapsing against the wall once more.
Instead he rasps his knuckles on that solid chest one more time and takes a step back, turns to pick up the gauntlet case.
“And what on earth might that be?” Pepper asks, while Rhodey just wipes a hand down his face with a deep all encompassing sigh.
“I don’t know, fuck this fucking burns. Shit!” Tony bites out and twists his wrist a bit in Rhodey’s hold, making the man jilt forward and knock his stomach on the countertop. He blinks at the nasty squelching the contact makes and tries to focus on the deep red of Tony’s hand. It’s very blurry.
Iron man examines him, head tilting a little more and glowing eyes completely turned to his face. Steve can practically see the eyes underneath scanning through every possible readout of his current vitals. He can’t really remember when he started thinking his eyes would be brown, but something about it feels true. Iron Man would have warm eyes, deep smile lines and long lashes.
“Thanks for making it out,” said against Tony’s shoulder, wetly.
be considered kissing, but it is distance and not at all what Tony wants. “I have a test tomorrow morning, Tony.”
When they are less talking and more running their fingers over each other’s, Steve suggests they call it an evening. He would feel bad about the lack of other patrons, but the waitress is smirking at him and Tony is leaving more tip than could ever be necessary. They take their time walking back to the Audi, steps slow and leisurely to draw out the time they can spend with their hands locked together. Tony tilts his head down to rest against Steve’s shoulder and there is no way on earth they weren’t built to fit together like this. Somehow the serum knew exactly how tall he needed to be for Tony to tuck so neatly into his side.
“I will have Pepper marry him if I have to!”
“You like it.” Tony insists, still laughing at himself and she lets out a happy little sigh, letting her whole face relax into a small fond smile. Things have been so strained with Tony lately, like there is some deep secret he keeps biting back every time they talk. Seeing him grinning and joking eases the knot in her gut. It’s refreshing and comforting. She just wants to sit here and smile at him forever.
“Make sure noone is going to come in and I’ll show you.” Tony replies easily, already moving for the ties at his side. The swift movement to and from the opening brings a real laugh out of Tony. Though it is not quite enough to soothe the ache at seeing Rhodey walk fully on his own. If anything can be prevented, that is up at the top of Tony’s wish list. “Wow babycakes, didn’t know me shirtless got you that hot.”
“No?” She asks, not at all disappointed by the outcome of the pause. It may just be an anecdotal story, but he always makes those sorts of things amusing. Honestly, this may be some of the most fun she’s had undercover in a long time.
“You’d do it all over?” He asks, voice a little rough and raspy.
“No.” Rhodey makes a motion to grab him again, but relents when Tony spins to look at his other two friends with a cheerful smile.
“Just eat,” Tony tells him and gathers another pair of meat and cheese. Steve gazes at Tony, but makes no move to feed himself and something about this is so poignant and yet so peaceful. When Steve is busy chewing, Tony will grab a few bites for himself. Otherwise he is dedicated wholly to Steve, interrupting occasionally to bring the mug up instead, speaking softly, “drink some water.”
At first he is certain Steve didn’t hear him, is certain he didn’t even really let those words out himself. Steve is still nibbling into the underside of his jaw and Tony is still leaning most of his weight into his boyfriend’s large frame. Then the echo reverberates back and Steve seems to finally register their meaning, because he pulls back with a pop. If Tony could think past the startled look in Steve’s eyes he might have shivered at the thought of a hickey so high up.
