No one is left.  No one except Alistair.
Dean pushes himself to his feet and Cas snaps back to him.  The connection between them is a flickering thing now.  Cas is strong, and looks practically human, standing on two feet, only a few lines of smoke still tethering him to Dean’s body.  Their eyes lock on to each other.  Dean knows he looks afraid, wild eyed and blood soaked, but he feels sure.  He gives Cas a small, imperceptible nod, and Cas turns his attention to Alistair.
Dean falls asleep almost immediately when he gets inside, stripped down to his underwear with his clothes tossed on the floor, face down on his bed.  Some days he just doesn’t have more of it all in him, and this is one of those days.  He needs to sleep.  And his sleep is blissfully dreamless, until it’s cut short.  It starts with an angry echo, and it takes a few seconds for his brain to place it before his eyes shoot open and he is abruptly, completely awake.
“Sorry, sir.  It was an accident, I dropped a cup.  Goodnight.”
he thinks as loudly as he can. The steady roll of his hips into Cas is starting to make him feel insane.
He’s eventually able to pull together enough wherewithal to answer, and there’s a tremor in his voice as he speaks, still inches from Castiel’s face.
At least one of them is getting some sleep.  John’s snores continue, thick and even, and Dean feels himself release a breath he didn’t realize he was holding.  The kitchen is far enough away from the living room that he probably won’t disturb his father, so he starts getting breakfast ready.  He moves smoothly around the kitchen, his movements always easier when he’s alone.  Water boiling for coffee, bacon grease melting in the skillet, cornmeal and flour getting mixed into hoe cake batter.  He’ll go upstairs to wake Sam soon, and after breakfast they can get started on the property fence.
“Now John, how did a piece of shit like you make something so pretty.  You sure she ain’t a daughter?  Dressed up in boy’s clothes to keep the predators at bay?  I’ve never seen a son with lips that pretty.”
over and over and over.  A small part of his brain is trying to piece together how he got here.  A few weeks ago he was a normal guy, and now here he is, shuddering with pleasure as Castiel tells him that Dean belongs to him, writhing at the feeling of cold breath on his ear.  That small part can keep wondering if it wants, because the rest of him does not care.  It just wants to continue feeling possessed.
Shit.
His eyes catch on Sam’s body on the stairs, still unconscious, still alive.
The dreams normally make sense, though.  His own fears, his own memories, playing on repeat while he’s paralyzed and unable to run, unable to protect his family, to keep them safe.  This is the first time there’s been someone… something new in his dreams.  Something that didn’t come from his memories.  And if he’s sure of anything in his own mind, it’s that he’s never seen that creature before.
It’s a man, just shy of being a boy really, around Dean’s age.  With rough, unkempt brown hair, thick stubble across a sharp jawline, and the brightest, bluest eyes that Dean had ever seen.  His eyes bore into Dean through the reflection, and his mouth gapes, opening and closing, as if trying to speak.  Dean’s eyes are wide but other than that he feels frozen to the spot.  He doesn’t turn around.  The man lifts his hand, reaching out towards Dean, fingertips coming closer to his shoulder.  Dean tenses as he waits for the touch.  Will his hand be cold?  Hot?  Is any of this even real?
It’s early still, but he knows there’s no hope of getting back to sleep, so he might as well get started on the day.  He drags his body out of bed with a yawn and tries to shake the stiffness from his limbs.  It’s getting late in the year and there’s a real chill in the mornings, but he knows he’ll warm up as soon as he starts working.
Dean closes his eyes and starts to whisper to Castiel.  It feels like a prayer, sending his words out into the ether.  His breath is still fogging in front of him and he hopes more than anything that means Cas is close.  He’s steeling himself to open his eyes and take action, when he feels fingers digging into his bicep.
He wants to scream as the pain of it tears through him.  He’s back in Castiel’s skin, his memory-skin, and he’s surrounded by the priests from before.  The old woman is in the corner, sobbing, and the old man looks detached from the world as he strokes her back in some facsimile of comfort.  The chanting and prayer of the priests is relentless.
“It was hot last night.” He grabs some pants that were discarded on the floor and pulls them over his legs with jerky, awkward motions.
His door swings open and Sam is framed in the doorway, sleepy-eyed and confused.  He rubs a hand over his face and his voice is croaky with sleep and puberty.
John’s eyes grow impossibly wide.  He chokes out a vague sound of protest around the gag but otherwise sits, frozen in place.
bed, in his own skin.
he thinks, one final time, with every ounce of energy he has,
Castiel begins to rock into Dean, who releases control of his body and lets himself be moved.  The steady thrust into his body lulls him into a dreamlike state, until he’s not thinking about anything except for
Dean focuses his energy on Sam, instead.  Feeding him, making sure he’s taking care of himself, and looking into enrolling him in the high school up in town.  John doesn’t need to know about it.  Just because John’s childhood was stolen by the army and Dean’s was stolen by John doesn’t mean Sammy doesn’t deserve the chance to be a kid for once.
Dean nods against Castiel’s face and lets his eyes fall shut.  He’s overwhelmed by the feeling of running through him.  To possess and be possessed.
John snorts into his own coffee cup and pushes himself off the counter.  His leg looks even stiffer than usual as he hobbles back to the stove top to collect the dirty dishes.
“Late night, son?”  John’s voice is level.
He’s gathering up the pliers and wire cutters he has balanced precariously around him, when he feels a cold breath of air on the back of his neck.  Icy cold.  It makes a shiver run through him, but that only distracts him from the feeling of something cold and hard sliding across the back of his hand.
, surrounding him, holding him, filling him up. He feels more tendrils fill his mouth, moving in and out, while one strokes his cheek with affection.  His eyes are still closed, and the thought of seeing it as well as feeling it is overwhelming.  Cas’ body thrusts into him faster and harder than before, and Dean’s breath is escaping him in wet, choked rasps, slipping out around the parts of Cas that are filling his mouth.  He feels like his body is going to tear in two from the sensation of it all, and it’s wonderful.
John is screaming.
Dean’s jaw clenches, but the rest of him stays stock still.
Not fear screaming, angry screaming.  Bellowing.  Enraged.  Waving his hands while holding the empty bucket that he just used to douse his son awake.  Dean’s mind can’t catch up enough to follow it all, but he hears words like “tools” and “lazy” and “irresponsible sack of shit” and he can put two and two together.  There’s no more water coming, but John’s presence is enough to make Dean feel like he’s still suffocating.
It starts with his reflection in a mirror, except it’s the man’s face staring back at him.  He’s tanned, with delicate features, and Dean’s about to look more closely when their body turns away from the mirror.  Dean can’t control their movements.  He’s not sure if the man is really here or if he’s just stuck in some kind of memory loop, echoing through his brain.  Either way, he steels himself.  He’s determined to see where this goes.
Cas.  In the flesh.  Instead of a black, lacquered shell or a nebulous cloud of smoke, Cas looks like he did in his memories that Dean lived through.  Human.  He has tousled brown hair, messy, and olive skin.  His body is thick and sure and strong.  He’s naked, chest heaving from exertion, a spray of blood across his chest, looking like a gladiator or some other mythical, ancient warrior.  Dean feels a tightness in himself, taut and tingling, and he watches as Castiel’s breath comes harsh and ragged through an open mouth.  He doesn’t think he’s ever seen anything more beautiful.
John’s answering grunt is the only other sound in the house when Dean mounts the stairs to go to bed.
There’s another crash from downstairs and the yelling continues.  Shit.  His brain turns itself back on and he pushes himself up on his elbows.
The brothers hold eye contact for a long moment before dropping the subject with a collective shrug.
Dean distantly realizes he’s been rolling his hips up into Castiel the whole time he’s been whispering.  He doesn’t stop.
He reaches out to ruffle Sam’s hair, the boy ducking away from him with a glare.
Sam is already in bed, and Dean can hear John knocking around the living room in a cadence that makes it clear he’s less than sober.  Dean’s working on their ledger, the one that tracks the money they spend on supplies and what’s been reimbursed by their employer, and he needs to get this down but the filmy light from the lamp isn’t enough to see by and he’s so tired he’s pretty sure the numbers would blur together anyway.  He’s better off hightailing it upstairs before John remembers he exists.
An inhuman roar fills the air, and he’s distantly aware that he’s the one making it.  He sees Alistair’s face snap back, blood spilling from his nose, and realizes he must have head-butted the man.  The henchmen take a moment to track what’s happening but then they jump into action, reaching for Dean to pull him away from Alistair.  They grab at him but he’s moving like a wild animal, scratching and kicking as much as he’s throwing punches. He tastes salt and iron as someone splits his lip, but he keeps going.  Alistair’s voice is the only thing that brings him back to reality.
Alistair takes one final, rattling breath, and then blood chokes out of his mouth, pouring spit-slick onto his chest and running down Cas’ arm.  They both watch as the life fades from his eyes.  The blood from his body runs across the floorboards and up into Cas, who is standing, whole, the physical tether to Dean that kept him alive finally faded away.
They had worked steadily throughout the day, Dean quiet and focused, Sam helping him by passing tools or holding wire still, but mostly keeping Dean company with his incessant stream of conversation about some book he’d been reading about economics.  Dean didn’t understand the title, let alone what Sam was rambling about, but the sound of Sammy’s voice was a comforting backdrop.
He creeps down the stairs, trying to get a picture of the situation before John realizes he’s awake.  There’s a million possible scenarios running through his head, most of them based on exhausting personal experience, but what he sees is something he never would have predicted.
Cas’ form is lithe and strong now, almost fully manifested, flickering between the black lacquer of before and his true skin.  It’s like he’s feeding from Dean, who may be too weak to keep fighting, but can still fuel Cas.  His movements are swift and economical, completely, remorselessly vicious.  Dean watches as claws extend from one hand, right before Cas uses it to tear into the throat of a henchman, rending the flesh from his spine.  Another one takes a swing at Castiel, despite the fear in his eyes, only to find a thick tendril of smoke and skin wrapping around his neck and squeezing until there’s a snap, and the body falls lifeless to the floor.  And so it goes.
When he opens his eyes, Castiel’s face is hovering right over his.  He can see him clearly now, eyes, blue shining out of the darkness, a defined jawline, a soft mouth.  Dean can tell he’s trying to open his mouth to speak.  It seems to take an enormous effort, the tendrils of his body flexing and straining with it, and when he finally speaks, the sound of it reverberates through through Dean’s body to his core.  The connection between them feels like a visceral, tangible thing.
“What are we going to do now?” Dean says when his voice eventually comes back to him.
Dean blinks himself back, and the blood is gone.
“I’ll say it one more time, John,” the sinister man growls, “I want my money.  You owe me, and if you don’t pay me, I’m going to have to take it out of your hide.”
Dean’s breath is caught in his chest.  Whether it’s Cas’ weight bearing down on him, or something else, he can’t tell.  And he doesn’t care.  He lets his body go soft, supplicant, feeling relief as Cas drains him of his energy.  The stronger tendrils stroke over his face with a soft
Dean’s body is tense, and somewhere during this he’s become achingly hard.  He can feel his erection twitching, wetness at the tip, surrounded by the smoke of Cas’ existence as it tries to coalesce.
Dean doesn’t know what to say.  He doesn’t want to say anything, so he just stares.  And Cas stares back.  And they push into each other like they’re trying to inhabit the same form again.  Dean flicks his tongue out to moisten his lips and catches Castiel’s lips in the process.  A shudder runs through them both at the sensation. Dean pushes his tongue out again, more deliberately, and Cas meets it with his own.  It’s slick and hot and there’s the coppery taste of blood, and Dean feels like he might burn up from the inside with how good it feels.  They stand there for another moment, kissing, tongues a decadent slide, pulling at each other’s skin.  When they break for breath, Dean realizes this is the first time he’s felt Cas’ hot, human breath on him, instead of a cold gust of death.
Sam squints at him for a second.
He can, however, hear John banging around downstairs and the sound of Sammy’s voice.  He stumbles out of bed as quickly as he can move.  If John’s been on a bender, he’s probably in a bad mood, and Dean needs to be down there to act as a buffer between him and Sam.  The last thing that kid needs right now is John snapping and taking his anger out on him.
So, as exhausting as the nightmares are, it’s even more exhausting to go back to feeling utterly, completely alone.
They’re tied to the bed now.  They want to struggle against the rope, but they feel too weak. They look down at their own flesh and it’s withered, emaciated.  Dean wonders how long the man has gone without food to end up like this.  Their body aches fiercely.  The man and the woman, with two priests now, are here, and their presence in the room is oppressive.  The priests pray and scream and splash their body with something wet.  Dean and the man try to open their mouth, try to explain, but nothing gets through.  The priests continue.
Castiel’s voice is a soft rumble.  Earthy and deep.  His mouth moves, but the sound seems to be coming from everywhere at once.  It makes Dean’s entire body vibrate, as if every inch of him were being held tight by the sound of it.  He’s like a pinned animal, but instead of fear it makes his blood run quick with pleasure.  He can’t help himself when a shiver wracks through him and he rolls his body, top to bottom, hips pushing into the sensation of strong hands holding him down.
The first night that John doesn’t come home is the first night that Dean dreams about the man.  He thought the creature might return, but it’s not that, it’s the man whose reflection has been following him.  Dean opens his eyes, and he knows he’s in a dream, the same way he knows it’s not a dream, but more like a memory.  He just knows.  The man will show him.
“Dean,” Aaron huffs, “where are you going?”
“I’m sorry,” Aaron says.
Just the thought of moving, of doing it in front of Novak is too much, it brings shame and heat to his face, spreading to the back of his neck and his torso, but he needs it. He needs something more tonight.
loves him. And Dean’s just sitting there with his heart in his throat and the words he should be saying trying to hide from his own brain because this is too big. It’s comically big.
Dean is sweaty, hair sticking to his forehead, and he’s out of breath, as if he ran all the way there.
It’s a lie, of course. Dean is amazing, that much is true, but Martha is just bad at her job and Castiel has known that from the very beginning.
Dean looks so ashamed, shy, almost, which change so much from his usual behavior when it’s just the two of them, that Castiel wants nothing more than round his desk and pat his shoulder, hug him, maybe, do something to erase the sad frown at the turn of Dean’s mouth.
“You can’t lay down just yet,” he gently says when Cas whines in protest. “We need to get you out of these clothes.”
He tries to remind himself that he can’t blame her, that it’s his fault, he brought this whole mess upon himself.
Huffing, Castiel looks down. He doesn’t move.
, of all the things he could have answered, that’s what finishes to undo Dean.
. He pictures in his head how it would look in fake golden letters plastered on a door. It sounds utterly ridiculous.
“About the job?” Dean says, lowering his voice. “He did. But I need more time to consider—”
He’s going to kill her. He’s going to stab her to death. He’s going to—
, over and over again.
“Don’t worry, Dean, I won’t ask anything of you today,” he says with a satisfied smile. He just caught a new prey, of course he’d be smiling. “Never during work hours, that’s the main rule. I expect you to come to my office on Friday, though, eight sharp, and give me your answer. And your first payment, of course.” His smile turns devious.
Their mouths are almost touching. Cas’s breath tickles Dean’s lips. Dean lets out a shaky sigh. Cas’s eyes, impossibly blue, are fixed on Dean’s.
After that, his courage deserts him. Who can blame him though? He’s in heat. He’s rightfully exhausted.
Even so, he didn’t want to take any chances. The problem was that Cas had wonderful, magical hands. So Dean tried to suggest the idea of using handcuffs as gently as he could.
Dean nods, although he’s still confused. He has things to do and Graham calls him to tell him a story? He doesn’t get it.
Novak is sitting at his desk, and pretending to read something, like he usually does when he’s angry, and he answers Dean without even looking up at him.
“It’s too late,” she goes on. “He’s too far gone. There’s nothing I can do to bring him back to me.”
Yes, Castiel is a bit of an asshole. He has to, in this environment. He’s had to be ever since he was old enough to understand that being weird and closed off only got you beaten up. He’s never minded someone being angry at him before.
Her mouth opens in a scandalized ‘o’. “Dean!”
“I’m not fond of this kind of gestures,” Cas finally says. “I think it could create bonds between the participants that would be hard to explain on paper…”
Dean slowly nods, hope creating little butterflies inside his stomach, but he tries to push it down.
“Heya, Doc,” Dean chirps as he sits in front of Balthazar Adler, once he finds him in the cafeteria.
Dean’s heart skips a beat. “You’re not gonna tell him about Graham, are you?”
Pamela shakes her head. “Locals already did. He’s clean, poor boy.”
“Yeah. Yeah, I’m glad, too.” He pulls at Benny, grasping his mouth with his own, until Benny complies to his silent request and turns them around. Dean’s straddling him now, and he feels a little bit better about everything. “Now stop talking and fuck me.”
As soon as my exams were done I was able to start writing again, I've finished this chapter a couple of days ago, and I didn't want to make you wait too long, so this might not be as nicely edited as the other chapters are (I mean, they might not be super tight either lol but usually I spend more time going through them, several times in a row to make sure everything is good)
It’s not that Castiel doesn’t like it. It just feels like he’s talking to a five year old. And he hates kids.
He’s sure he’s gonna have a nice teeth-shaped bruise when all this is over.
,” Meg burst, “
“We should check out the files again.”
Sounds rush all around him: Birds, the water gently lapping at the shore of the lake he’s lying next to. And Chuck’s voice.
“DEAN!”
“Yeah,” Sam answers with a lopsided smile. “Whenever you’re ready.”
Right now, he can only hope to find another job, and figure it out from there. In the meantime, he’ll have to find it in himself to be a little more selfless, and a lot nicer to Amelia.
That’s how most days go. He’s not sure he wants to be here anymore, but what else could he do?
Never once does Cas looks away from him. His cheeks get red with the effort, sweat beads on his forehead, but he keeps his eyes open.
“Morning,” he yawns.
Cas crosses his arms across his chest. “Now please leave. You’ve done enough damage.”
Castiel can’t take any more of this. He slams the laptop shut. His breathing sounds loud even to his own ears.  “I don’t—I don’t understand,” he whispers. It feels as if, if he speaks aloud, something bad is going to happen. “Why are you showing this to me?”
Dean’s eyebrow rise up into his hairline. “So… huh. Blowjob? We have data on that. And if it involves the penis then—”
Somehow the guy spends all his time in there.
What else can Dean do? The anger has left him. He doesn’t have the strength to walk home anymore.
“Dean…”
“Couldn’t say.” Dean pushes back on his finger. “I’ve never had a heat-partner.”
Something’s wrong.
After ten minutes, there’s only one logical conclusion he can come to: the lock has been changed.
It gets even worse when it’s Cas’s turn to be on display on the screen, riding Dean’s dick like he’s a mechanical bull riding champion. His moans ring into Dean’s ears, vibrating down to his core.
Good. This is good. Probably Winchester’s partner, then. “Who’s she?”
The only thing left to do is just follow Cas’s lead by ordering another drink, and support Sam while he waits for this dreadful ceremony to end.
Dean’s excited about the prospect, but he’s also kinda scared. He doesn’t know this strange new world at all, and doesn’t know what Cas would like him to do, and, really, he’s barely done any of this gay shit in his own time, now he has to do it without guidance, in front of an audience?
A pinch to his left nipple answers him. His next inhale stays stuck in his throat, the sensation going straight to his dick. He’s hard, alright. Fuck, what he wouldn’t give to be able to touch himself right now!
Now that he thinks about it, Sam’s obsession with camera work ended being a blessing. Or maybe it’s a curse…
Dean gives him a clueless look, “We are?”
It’s amazing. It’s not something you get an omega. Dean loves it.
“Dean! Hey, Dean!”
“Harder.”
There’s no lab, no harsh light, no instrument, no monitoring his physiological responses. It’s just him, and Aaron – And a bar full of drunk people, but Dean couldn’t care less.
When Dean turns around, the Doc’s bright red.
Amelia doesn’t know him enough to notice the few seconds of shame. Besides, she’s finishing her umpteenth drink, and since it doesn’t look like she drinks often, Dean’s pretty sure she’ll be smashed in no time.
“Oh, God. Get off me!”
“It’s something I have trouble admitting even to myself,” Cas goes on, and he looks down at that. “I don’t…” he trails off, takes a breath. “I don’t want to be… to be... to be married anymore,” he whispers.
That’s too many questions at once for Dean’s poor, muddled brain. “Uh. What?”
“Alright. What do you propose we do, then?”
------
Cas raises an eyebrow, “I might.”
Slowly, he opens his eyes.
Enjoy the chapter! Let me know what you think!!
-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-
The one in charge looks more than embarrassed, “I’m sorry, Doctor Adler is bus—”
“He’s probably too ashamed that he didn’t tell you beforehand. He’ll come around, eventually, I’m sure.”
“Holy fuck,” Dean exclaims. Because what else can he say?
“I’ll whack off at home, it’s
All he wants, for now, is gather information on which classes he could take, and maybe register to a couple of them. Just for starters. Just until Cas finally calls him.
It’s not funny at all, but Amelia still laughs, more out of relief than anything else.
Dean doesn’t know what to say. Would it help his secret plan? He doesn’t want to advertise what happened to him but at the same time, he doesn’t want Amelia to think she’s being shut down.
Aaron helps him with his jacket, squeezing his shoulders reassuringly when he’s done. “Are you okay?”
“Tell me what’s wrong.”
Dean just wishes Cas would be as generous with him, because as of now, outside of the hospital, he’s working for free.
“Don’t worry about it tonight. We’ll talk tomorrow.” He closes his eyes, because the truth is, he wants to stay on the phone, and he needs to find something else to say, but what Dean just revealed cannot be ignored or glossed over. There’s nothing else he can say, for now. He swallows, glancing toward the living room as the women laugh again.
“I know, I know… it’s just… not something people do and most of the time, when I bring it up they…”
“It’s not that terrible,” Cas sighs. His weight shifts on top of Dean, like he’s settling more comfortably. He lets go of Dean’s arm behind his back, but keeps his other hand on Dean’s head. “But it might be a little dirty. At least for me.”
“Oh. Oh, yeah,” he manages.
He keeps going like this for what feels like a long time, but Dean doesn’t mind. He absolutely loves having Cas’s dick in his mouth. For some reason, it’s really smooth with no weird hairs, or at least not too much, and not on the shaft, which Dean hates. Benny was a bear of a man, in more ways than one. But Cas is just perfect in that respect. Soft, warm, beautiful.
“He doesn’t even have to get his knot out of his pants to get you to defend him!”
Dean exhales slowly. He breathes in deep, holds it in. The tides of pain recede a little. He has no doubt they’ll hit back very soon, but for now he’s… stable. He gives Cas a thumb up.
Speaking of, the homeless man is staring at him when he finally ends his walk, fly unzipped, ready to go, so Dean hurries back inside.
Cas nods. He bends over. His mouth latches on Dean’s nipple, pinching it between his lips. He breathes against Dean’s skin.
-_-_-_-_-_-_-
This is different. This is… coerced. Dean has no choice, even if Graham pretends he has one.
Sylvia is not here anymore, but the light is on in the office. Dean can see Graham’s shadow through the tinted window.
Stalking Lisa is easy. His main problem is getting her without having to harm her son. It’s not the child’s fault if his mom is a cheap slut. Besides, Castiel doesn’t hurt children. The ghost of his father prevents him. Lucky for him, Dean doesn’t care much about his phone. He takes it with him at work, and when he gets out, but when he’s at home he doesn’t check it often. So Castiel steals it, planning on sending her a text from it when the time comes.
The surprise on Dean’s face is clear, but he doesn’t seem angry, at least.  He turns to Michael. “Your brother’s very skilled with his hands,” he hums through his mouthful of steak.
“Yes,” Cas’s eyes are on him again. “But I know my gift is going to be amazing.”
Mouth still open, Dean blinks a few times before forcing his jaw shut.
Castiel wants that. He wants to see Dean again, smell him, touch him. He doesn’t say it. “I don’t know that you could help much.”
It’s too much. If he doesn’t stop now, he’ll be lost. He’ll want everything, all of Cas, for himself.
The small chuckle coming from Dean is like a punch to the guts for Castiel. A good punch, a wave of warmth that spreads throughout his whole body.
“You do like it, right?” Dean asks.
“The key on my desk. It’s for you. Take it.”
For a second, he thinks Benny’s not convinced, but his friend finally huffs a little laugh. “Alright.” He leans closer, mouth grazing Dean’s cheek. “Where were we, then? Oh, right.”
“I mean, he’s been fully human for, what? Nearly two months?” Dean shrugs, “It seems pretty strange to me that Cas, Castiel ‘How do you pee without missing the bowl’, Angel of the Lord has managed to find a job and earn enough to buy a friggin’ flat screen TV in only six weeks!”
Currently, he’s far from it. In addition to being slow, his secretary is also dumb as a rock. And that’s how he’s found himself staying later and later, typing his own notes because she keeps misspelling any word remotely scientific, and calling patients to let them know about their test results because she doesn’t know what anything in his field means, nor does she care to learn about it.
There’s still the matter of Dean’s job at the Roadhouse, of course. Dean likes the Roadhouse. Cas seems to think – albeit not aloud – that Dean will give it up, too.
Dean huffs, and, since he’s close to the bathroom, beelines for it, and closes the door in Sam’s face.
Oddly, his run didn’t relax him as much he would’ve liked, today. When he joins the communal showers, his shoulders still feel tight. And nothing, not even the hot water can help.
Dean just hums in answer, not turning around.
He didn’t think sex could be so fulfilling. When he started the Study, it was in part because the only way he could get interested in sex was clinically. He’s never felt passionate about his intimate relationship with Amelia.
Ah. There it is.
Cas gives him a quizzical look again, so Dean gestures for him to climb up the bed. “Come up here. Come on!”
But his mouth is sealed shut, in this moment, his heart beating so fast at the mere idea of bringing the subject up that he can’t even move.
“No, you don’t,” Cas answers, finally turning to him. “I can’t. I… think I know what I have to do.”
“Well,” Sam shrugs, and takes a sip of his beer.
This is all pointless.
So Dean makes himself believe him. Because he knows that his issues get in the way most of the time. This time, he can’t let them walk all over his new-found relationship.
He takes a sip of sweet tea before answering. “I didn’t want to answer on your behalf, but… even if you quit your job, you have your classes. It’s a full-time position.”
Cas sighs again. “You told me once…” he trails off.
Cas opens his eyes. The Look of Doom is back full force. Dean preens under it, a lopsided smile permanently glued to his face.
“Yeah. Uh, thanks. For today, you know.”
He has to make do with what he has.
But Cas takes a breath, about to speak, so Dean stands, preparing to leave.
“I, uh… maybe you should stay away until it’s absolutely necessary that you come near me?”
“Right, so, hum,” and now Cas looks very hot and bothered, but also embarrassed.
She raises an eyebrow at him before putting down her coffee. “Then what good are you for?”
, Dean thinks to himself, since he can’t talk,
So he’s trying to get used to the idea.
“So I wanted to mark the occasion.”
“Hey! Hey, slow, Dean,” Cas admonishes, reaching for the bottle again when he sees Dean’s going to down it in one go, “slowly. Okay?”
“When has he ever listened to anybody?” She answers.
Dean looks down at his feet to gather a bit of courage before looking up again. He wants to take his hands away. This is just weird.
He wishes he could still see Benny from time to time and be satisfied with that. He wishes Sammy would still need him, at least he’d know what to do with himself.
When he finds it, Cas moans, head stretching back and pushing into the mattress.
Dean groans.
“I’m going to use your shower,” Cas says, and the bag is in his hand again. “Rest. I’ll be back soon.”
He wants the nice restaurant, the candle lit dinner, eating off Cas’s fork… all of that and more. He wants to enjoy himself. So of course his anxiety has to come in and counter-balance everything.
“I had a fight with Amelia.”
Cas nods. This is all the permission he needs.
“Cas,” Dean breathes, pulling Cas down on him until they can grind against each other.
“Dean…”
“Sorry for what?”
“You’re still seeing that… that, what’s his name? Anthony from Human Resources?”
Silence falls on them again, but this time it’s heavy with promises.
“Please, come back to the car.”
Dean’s never had anyone blow him like this before.
The rest of the afternoon passes far quicker than Dean would have liked, and soon he finds himself at the front door, stealing another kiss from Aaron, and another, and another, until Aaron gently pushes him away with a laugh and a promise to be back on Sunday.
There’s no finesse to the way Cas eats Dean out. But this is just what Dean needs. His cock jumps, its base constricting. He feels his shaft swell, his balls now slapping obscenely against the Doc’s chin.
“Will do,” Cas nods, looking around.
Dean can never have him, so there’s no problem to solve. Not now, not in the future, especially not if they start the Study again and they manage to be successful with the peer reviews. If that happens, Cas needs his wife by his side. He already has a reputation as a pervert, he needs to show he’s a family man, so people can get that he’s a serious scientist, not some twisted voyeur.
Not of her but of what he could do or say. He wants to tell her. He wants her to know so she’ll be the one leaving Cas. At least something would change. It would be incredibly selfish, but at least it would save Amelia some awful years wondering why her husband won’t touch her.
An awkward silence settles on all of them. Naomi seems very content to bask in it for a moment.
Rhonda disappeared. There have been search parties, but so far nothing turned up. Castiel thinks the body should have resurfaced by now. Everybody’s stupid in this town, anyway.
They have nothing else to say to each other. Cas has things to do, and so does Dean.
Castiel sighs, but only to give himself time to find a satisfactory answer.
The lunch ends not long after that. There’s nothing left to idly chat about. So they say their goodbyes, Benny promises he’ll call and that they’ll get together sometime soon, and they go their separate way.
The talking may have distracted his mind, but his body is still very much focused on what Cas is doing. He’s hard, alright.
“Five years I’ve been doing this,” he answers. Now he’s pissed. “Following behind someone, doing the crappy paperwork they didn’t want to do ‘coz they were too important for it anyway. I’ve worked hard to get where I am now. And you, you graduate and you land a full case? What did you do, huh?”
Graham huffs, annoyed, drumming his fingers on his desk in frustration. He seems to think about something for a second, almost forgetting he’s not alone.
“You’re really not bothered by this?” Dean asks. “Angry? Not even a little?”
A voiceless, “Oof!” escapes him as he lands.
Sam smelled it when he came back. Of course he did. He didn’t ask questions though, even if he recognized it was Castiel’s. He just stopped talking to Dean altogether.
The journalist laughs, flaunting her breasts at Cas. “Don’t be,” she pats his shoulder, “You’re both fine! Did you see any of the other nominees’ videos? Did you prepare?”
“So, uh. Your mother,” Dean tries. The Doc doesn’t move. “She’s somethin’.”
Cas’s eyes are big. Dean is distracted by his mouth though, as it opened a little in surprise. His lips are wet and inviting, but Dean can’t be thinking like this.
“No. I’m telling you I don’t mind if you decide to quit. You can come visit us, you know? You’ll always be welcomed. You don’t
He ignores the frown of disapproval on Dean’s lips, ignores the way his mouth opens to protest. He’s out of the bedroom and back with the agents as quickly as he can.
“I’ve been wanting to fuck you on this bed for so long,” Cas breathes into Dean’s skin, “that I’m not really sure where to start.”
If looks could kill, Dean would be dead by now. “I mean, I’m just sayin’. It would be nice. Wouldn’t do any harm, at least.”
“Amelia…”
A millisecond too late, he realizes this could be understood as a come-on. He almost apologizes, or clarifies, but something stops him.
“Nothing is normal,” he says with what he hopes is a reassuring smile. “And everything is. There’s no perfect way to have a sexual relationship.”
“Agent Henriksen and Agent Barnes, FBI,” the guy says, showing off his badge. “Do you mind if we come in?”
“Yes, thank you,” he says, relieved.
Cas clears his throat. “Your scent is very agreeable.”
Dean is tired of conflicts. His life is going to shit. If he can have at least this one relationship going good, that’s all he can ask for.
“No,” the Doc sighs. “I’m saying if I had to choose, your name wouldn’t be first on the list. Or on the list at all, for that matter.”
“We may have funding for the Clinic,” Cas finally says.
The Doc shakes his head, trying for disapproval, but his smile won’t quit.
,” Dean says in wonder. “
“We’ll deal with that once we’re naked.”
“Really?”
She doesn’t sound like herself anymore. Her voice is still trembling, but there’s no more little girl quality to her tone.
“Holy fuck!”
It’s just the beginning of it, he knows it. He doesn’t like it at all.
And it feels like a lie. Aaron frowns.
Sam just shots him a glare, as if he should know. Without another word, he grabs his laptop that’s been laying on the table, and takes off for his room.
“Cas,” Dean lets out, eyes pleading. “Let’s… just stop, okay? Let the cops get us and we’ll find something. Sam is on our side. I called and he told me the police were on our ass. He’s smart, he’ll help, we’ll—“
“Yes, working with Doc Novak has been invaluable,” Dean smiles. “I’m hoping he’ll let me write my thesis on our findings.”
“She can wait another ten minutes!”
They never do that where they live. They take short trips, on week-ends, once every three months or so. It’s enough, for now. And after… oh, after. Dean is transformed. Appeased. Pliant. And Castiel feels like he’s the master of the universe. The sex following a killing is usually explosive.
“Dean…”
The Doc is standing as far as is possible from the stage, and is talking with two old guys, Amelia by his side.
“Who said you had a choice?”
He lifts his head, watching the scene. At least, if something happens, he’d rather try to enjoy it.
A genuine smile blooms on Cas’s face, “Great.”
Dean doesn’t forget about the date, though. It stays in a corner of his mind, and he wonders, can he treat this night out as one? Does Cas wants him to?
They’re lying on Dean’s couch, snuggled together under an old, fuzzy blanket that Dean loves – Dean’s heater has seen better days – and Dean feels safe right here, on top of Aaron, his back to him so that Aaron can put his arms around him.
“Oh, Dean still has it,” Cas says. “Kept her in pristine condition.”
“Yeah, Cas, it is. Of course it is.” Dean swallows, sets the towel aside. “Is it too late to try again?”
Cas twists his bottle around, picks at the label. “What did you say?” he asks eventually, glancing up at Dean. “When you called?”
“You looked for him,” Cas says.
Eileen picks up before the second ring—so quickly that it sets Sam’s heart racing.
“Hey,” he says. “Merry Christmas. It’s pecan since I figured that’d be pretty hard for me to fuck up.”
and a couple other of Vonnegut’s works next, then grabs a few comics from the sale shelf, Batman and Spiderman and Captain America.
Dean had stood right there this morning and sighed to himself as he contemplated the entirety of the fridge’s contents: the nearly empty gallon of milk, the few slices of cheese and lunch meat, the jars of mayo and grape jelly. Now there’s other shit in there, too: eggs and bacon and strawberry jam, a package of ground beef and another of chicken, lettuce and tomatoes, carrots and broccoli and a bag of spinach, ranch dressing and ketchup and mustard. When he opens the pantry, there are english muffins in there with the bread, and peanut butter and potato chips and three different flavors of cereal and--
“None of it was fair,” Dean says. “To either of us. But hey, you turned out all right, huh?” He forces himself to look up at Sam and smile. “That’s what counts.”
Cas stares at him. “If you’re uncomfortable,” he says, voice flat, “you can go.”
he continues, “There are pieces of you all over the country, too. With all the people you’ve helped, every life you touched.”
He’s just pulled out a bowl when behind him, Cas says, “Making us breakfast?”
He stands there staring at it until the door two apartments over opens. One of the college kids who lives there pulls the other out onto the walkway, both of them smiling and laughing. Dean glances up just in time to meet the eyes of the taller girl. As she elbows her roommate, they both fall silent.
Dean gives serious consideration to hightailing it out of there before Cas turns around, but Sam picks that exact moment to look up from his phone and say, “Oh, hey. Mornin’.”
Dean talks to him between bites, tells him how they’ve been meeting up with Eileen, how Sam is learning ASL and playing it off, feeding him lines like, “Oh, well, she shouldn’t always have to be the one accommodating us.” He laughs as he tells Cas how horribly transparent it is, then shifts to explaining the program Sam is developing, the grand plan he’s working on to put them all out of a job. Cas listens in that way he has, leaning with his elbows on the table, asking Dean questions.
“It’s a few hours from KU to Lebanon,” Cas points out.
“I’ve been told I tend to wear my heart on my sleeve.”
Dean and Cas arrive at the same time as Hannah. Cas cheerfully explains the backstory he came up with as they walk from their cars to Charlie’s apartment, finishing just as they knock on her door. He turns to Hannah and asks, “What about yours?”
“One of my brothers,” Cas says.
Sam pulls Dean into a hug, then Cas. They say their final goodbyes, and then Dean and Cas watch Sam drive off, waving, before heading back into the apartment.
Dean takes another drink, shrugging. “Doesn’t hurt to hope, though, right? I mean, hell, I never thought we’d be fresh out of hunts, but here we are, all caught up on our backlog.”
Sam glances up at the rear view mirror just in time to catch it—the way Cas looks down at the place where his fingers are intertwined with Dean’s own. Dean had fallen asleep with his head resting on Cas’ shoulder half an hour into the drive, and now he’s leaning into him fully, drooling a little on his coat.
“I miss you so much sometimes it feels like-- like I’m--” Cas slurs through something Dean can’t quite make out-- “and I don’t know how to get back to you-- I don’t know how to get home--”
“I love you,” he murmurs, different from before—quieter, more reverent, like he’s dropping an offering into Dean’s open hand.
Sam holds Dean up as best he can, trying to keep his weight from resting entirely on the spike through his back, as he pulls his phone from his pocket and shakily dials the three numbers that have never been enough to save them.
“That doesn’t make any sense!”
Castiel nods.
“I’m—I’m stuck in the sheets,” Dean bursts.
“Listen, Dean,” Benny says after biting down on his burger, “I know this was unexpected, and I guess I just wanted to say, I’m glad you’re taking this so well. I really like spending time with you, so… you know we can still hang around each other.”
Castiel swallows.
Until Dean explodes, that is, “Dude! What the hell?!”
“It’ll work.”
Dean knows all he needs is a coupla’ strokes and he’s done for.
There’s the distinct sound of the EEG and EKG machines being switched on, and Novak’s hand is back in the center of his chest, splayed there, just feeling the beating of Dean’s heart.
“Would help if you could get in with the program.”
Dean tries to push everything out of his mind, including the smugness radiating from Sam, and goes to sit next to Cas.
Five days to go before he has to… he doesn’t know what Graham will ask him to do.
Gosh, why is this, of all things, weighing on Castiel’s mind and preventing him from working properly?
“Please what,” Cas whispers in his ear.
Michael has his balls in a tight grip, and he smirks. “You shouldn’t have told him in the first place…”
“He’s dating Andrea. Andrea Kormos, his lab partner.”
“I’m only going to say this once,” Cas coldly tells her. Dean has to hold on to the armrests of his chair. “You do not control my life, Mother. I love you dearly, but if you keep coming after Dean, I will cut you out of it.” He pauses for emphasis. Naomi doesn’t try to speak this time. “If you go blab to Amelia, I will cut you out. If your life is so boring that this is all you can do to keep yourself entertained, then I seriously pity you.”
Dean’s heart skips a beat. Or it stops. He doesn’t know. He thinks maybe his blood has just turned to ice.
“We don’t have much time, so listen closely. Don’t back talk, don’t ask questions,” Cas whispers. “Zachariah won’t give us a lot of time in there to get our things. There’s one thing I need above everything else that he won’t let you take: my directory. He knows I have a list of every patient, every name, phone number, contact information, and he knows what it looks like. I need you to hide it and take it.”
They stare at each other for a moment, partly because Castiel can never look away from Dean’s gaze, it’s so mesmerizing. Silence becomes heavy, suddenly. Even with the constant buzz of everyone around them. They’re in a hospital, after all. There’s always people around.
-_-_-_-_-_-
“Do I need to discipline you so you’ll do what you’re told?”
Fuck being professional. Like Dean said, they haven’t talked in months.
“Yes.”
Dean opens the picture, annoyed even before he reaches the end of the text. What appears on screen slaps him right in the face. Or, well, not exactly in the face, but…
“Only if you behave,” Cas answers, and Dean has to hide his face between his arms.
“I don’t care. I don’t care, okay?” Cas says, shifting even closer. “You’re not going. You’re not doing that. Nobody is worth you doing that. You hear me?”
He’s pretty sure if Cas knew what he was doing, he wouldn’t dare come close to it. It’s a given he’s going to apologize profusely when he wakes up.
“Listen,” Ellen goes on, “I know you like it here, but seeing how you can never shut up about your research and that boss of yours, I’d say you like that job more. Am I wrong?”
“Fuck, yes! That’s the spirit.”
There. Dean’s done.
God, he loves this so much but he’s so desperate at the same time!
A grunt answers him, sending his heart into overdrive.
Fuck, oh fuck, how he wants it! Benny’s never been up for it, he tried once but didn’t like it. Dean even tried to reciprocate, but it’s never been Benny’s thing.
He pushes at Dean’s chin until Dean has no choice but to look at him. “Stop worrying.”
He hates her, already.
But Castiel doesn’t relent. The order in his voice, and in his scent, is clear when he says, “You will come on your own. If you make me touch you, you’ll regret it.”
on his face. That he loves him. That he wants Cas to love him back so badly it hurts every time he thinks the words.
This is not exactly what he was expecting when he decided to come home early – at Dean’s insistence, of course, but he’s been exhausted ever since they bought the new clinic, so he finally caved – and he just finds himself frozen in the lobby, wondering what he should do.
He huffs a small laugh to himself as he reaches the building.
Right on time, Dean appears at the door, head popping up from being the frame, giving Castiel a big smile.
“Sometimes it’s just stress and lack of sleep and, well…” he relaxes, giving Dean a pointed look.
“Castiel!” Naomi’s voice comes strong and loud from behind them.
“Okay. Uh, what d—”
“Late, I know,” Dean sighs.
“Here? I can’t—“
“Can you think of any other indication, in his body language, the way he responds to your touch that would indicate his willingness to have sex with you?”
Holy shit, Dean’s dick jumps just hearing the sound of Benny’s voice. The surprise cut off all annoyance, and he’s suddenly feeling a lot more excited about his free weekend.
“Hm,” Cas lets out, reading it. “‘
Sam is surprised by this, so much so that his anger abates a little. “I think you’ve done enough,” he lets out, calmer after a moment of hesitation.
“So you… he… until he moved away?”
He’s thinking about it.
“Okay…”
“I miss you too, Cas,” Dean answers, softly. His features smooths, and he comes close again, until their bodies are just a few inches apart.
“I said my boyfriend is not ashamed of me,” Dean lets out. He doesn’t look at Cas. “As a matter of fact we’re in the same promotion. He thinks it’s great that I’m pursuing a career.”
Everything is going great for everybody.
“It won’t be shut down,” Novak frowns, like Dean’s offended him. “That’s why we’re doing this. We’re both saving our jobs.”
Men are yelling outside. Dogs are barking. Dean’s so fucking scared. It won’t work. It’ll hurt. He’s sure of it. His heart misses another beat, and this time it hurts. He feels so weak he thinks maybe he’s about to faint.
So talking about sex? Talking about trying to understand anything other than Alpha anatomy? They think it ludicrous. They think it vile.
He hasn’t called her ‘mother’ since he found out about Gabriel and Michael. She knows, the bitch. She still acts like nothing’s wrong, though. Michael ignores him, choosing instead to raise an eyebrow at Dean.
“You’ll do great,” Cas encourages him.
Aaron leads him away.
“It’s because I only want you.”
“Absolutely not.”
Except that tonight he can’t avoid it anymore, as they’re currently sitting behind the tinted mirror of the lab, watching Benny and his female partner test Benny’s limits when it comes to holding back an orgasm without stopping the whole copulation act, and then to see if another round could extend the time between plateau and orgasm. It could maybe help men with premature ejaculation problems, since it’s one of the outside cause of conception problems that Castiel has been observing for years.
Cas shakes his head. “Why do you think she made me bring so much food?”
She wants to talk, he realizes as he blinks stupidly at the display. God only knows what it’s about, but he’s really not up to it.
Cas hesitates. “It’s your birthday next week, if I’m remembering correctly.”
With a sigh, he turns away from his car and toward the university grounds. The building is bathing in the artificial lights of the street lamps, and with the cold but dry weather, it looks kind of ethereal. Dean likes the mood it provides.
Dean scoffs. “All you have to do is ask,” he answers.
Or maybe they do.
This is truly stressful, and he can’t wait to be done, but he also wants it to last, he wants to do it again and again, and how fucked up is that?
“I’m right here,” Cas breathes, much more gently. Suddenly is hand is on Dean’s hip. “Relax. I’m going to take care of you, okay?”
Dean almost laughs at the irony of that.
Dean’s slowly sinking in his seat, but he’s so focused on trying to will his blood to stay put and not go up to his face that he can’t even react.
. He did that.
Dean hears the sound of a zipper being pulled down, and he can’t help muttering a quiet ‘fuck!’ into his arms.
“You can’t do anything,” Gabriel whispers.
Amelia hums.
And Cas comes, knot catching inside Dean.
to think about all possibilities for success and to choose the best one,” Cas goes on.
Cas hums like he’s agreeing with Dean’s thoughts, but maybe he’s just happy to be there, doing nothing.
So his job is still shitty.
He can’t take this on top of everything else.
“Uh. Great.”
“Because he’s—he’s a bit of an ass!” Dean almost cries, throwing his arms in the air. “He was nice to you because you’re my boyfriend, but with anyone else he doesn’t know who’s not a patient he’s rude to, and short-tempered, and not everyone can handle that!”
-_-_-_-_-_-
“And I want to talk to Sam. When the time is right.”
“And where would you live, huh?” Dean doesn’t mean to get angry. It’s just that it feels like a betrayal, too, and isn’t that swell? The only two people he has any respect for just turned on him, not even twenty-four hours apart. “You can’t go to school if you don’t have a place to live. And money to buy groceries, and pay your bills. I definitely can’t go with you right now, I don’t know if you’ve noticed but I’m kind of in the middle of something!”
, Dean wants to say, but he’s struck dumb by the way the Doc says it, like it’s obvious. Like Dean’s just stupid. He stops walking after Novak, but Novak doesn’t wait.
Cas is married anyway, he chastises himself.
Benny exhales, and the look he gives Dean says it all. His last encounter was Dean, and he’s going to take Cas to his words and go in as deep as he can telling the story, isn’t he?
After discussing some details for their future weekly chats, Dean and Amelia decide that Christmas Eve is not the best of time to discuss marital problems.
But Cas gives him a sad look. “What’s the alternative? We wait for money to fall in our lap until I have enough to pay for the loans, the mortgage, your salary and mine, a secretary’s salary of course, if you’re going to assist me, the renovations for the clinic, the construction of an OR for my patients which would mean renting an extra space, the alimony I’ll have to pay, oh, and half of my share of the house to Amelia as is stipulated in our pre-nup.”
Dean’s happy, he’s not going to lie. They finally have some hope that something is going to happen. They can move on now. But he knows that this, whatever is happening now, can’t last for very long.
I don’t care. Who told you you could start looking for a job? Whatever you find, you won’t be able to pay for all your expenses. Have you seen how much you spend in a month? Do you even know how much your rent costs? You won’t be able to make it without me.
The urge to lie is strong. Dean doesn’t have to know what’s happening. Castiel could let him think that everything is well, that he’s having a blast.
Pam is already next to the bodies. She turns to him. “You coming or what?”
“Oh,” he just says, very calmly.
“Dean!”
“Are you happy?” Cas asks. And he sounds really unsure. Dean knows it’s a real question. “I don’t want you to feel like I’m just giving you more work.”
Dean’s head is not in it. He’s put up the flyer in the first dive he could find close to campus, but nobody called so far. There’s just so much sessions they can schedule between Charlie and Dorothy and Adler and Ash before it becomes redundant. Novak is cold most days, at best, moody at worst. When it happens, he usually drowns Dean in paperwork.
Alas, all good things must come to an end. As soon as Sam comes back, Cas starts withdrawing again. Or rather, not withdrawing, per se, but he becomes more discreet, talks less and spends less time at lunch or dinner.
Dean argues.
With that knowledge, he looks away, letting his head rest on the bed again.
The week that follows is hard to live through for Cas. Dean doesn’t talk to him, just goes to work, comes back, avoids Castiel as much as he can. Their small apartment is filled with silence, and the occasional rambling coming from the TV.
“Sorry,” Gabriel’s voice says through the speakers. “I’m just… not comfortable.”
“You’re right, Doctor,” she says. And now her voice is cold. “I can’t be comfortable with… with smut!”
She starts giggling, and giggling, until tears of laughter appear in her eyes. It’s contagious.
He activates double power on the puppy eyes, and Dean’s helpless.
She keeps staring at him, unblinking. “I don’t know.”
He’s going to come, he’s going to come so hard it doesn’t seem that far-fetched that he might explode when it happens.
. “I—it’s a bad time. Sorry. I wanted to talk.” Obviously, Cas was going to keep glaring, hearing that. “It’s… listen, man. I was worried. You never leave your room, I didn’t know what you were doing in there, so—”
“That the hospital provided for him,” Zachariah replies. “What’s this,” he points to the planner.
Gabriel doesn’t answer, too focused on what’s happening on screen.
One of his eyebrow is up in that commanding way of his. Of course, Dean has developed an almost Pavlovian response to this look. He takes it as the challenge it’s intended to be.
They hold onto each other for what seem like an eternity, and only a few seconds at the same time, forehead to forehead, until they can’t ignore the noises outside anymore. Until Dean isn’t sure if it’s night, or day. Until the only thing is can still think about is Cas.
“So that was—” Dean starts, at the same time as Cas says, “Thank you, Dean.”
God, he wants it. He wants so much more, but this is a very, very satisfying start.
Oh, God. He doesn’t want to.
The Doc lies down. He pushes on his side, his right hand making its way between Dean’s legs. Dean keeps his mouth firmly shut to avoid any whimpers coming out of his throat.
He checks his phone again when he stops for gas an hour later. He has one message; it’s from Sam.
“Jesus, Castiel, you nearly gave me a heart attack,” Dean says. He turns towards him, meaning to say, “I can see that, thanks,” but instead he freezes with his mouth half open. Castiel is standing just outside the kitchen, towel held loosely around his waist, hair still damp from the shower.
lights.”
Dean is surprised to wake and find Cas already gone, up early for what surely must be the first time in his life. He throws on some clothes and goes immediately to the roof, and sure enough, there Cas is, tending his plants. Dean shivers a little in the morning air, shocked not so much at the cold but by the fact that summer has shifted into fall without him noticing.
“Ah,” Dean says. He hesitates for a moment, sighs, and then says, “So, uh. Thanks. For helping me out yesterday.”
“I just can’t believe it,” Charlie says, holding a hand to her chest. “I’m in total shock.”
Dean shrugs. “It’s-- I mean, it’s just some secondhand clothes. It’s no big de--” He stops when he catches the way Castiel is looking at him, smiling faintly. “I mean,” he mumbles. “You’re welcome.”
“No, it’s all right,” Castiel says. He takes another bite before asking, “Did it work?”
“This one’s different,” Dean says. “Last one had more trees and was farther back from the road. Less benches, too.”
Castiel’s blanket is carefully folded where it sits on the coffee table, and his shoes have disappeared from their usual spot by the couch. The TV is off, his apartment eerily quiet without the background noise.
“Sounds good,” Charlie says. “Go ahead and make a note of it so you remember when you do your character sheet.”
Dean shuts his mouth with an audible click. He gets into the car without another word.
Dean wakes with a crick in his neck, blearily trying and failing to sit up. After a few moments of fruitless struggling, he realizes the source of his difficulties: Someone placed a blanket over him while he was sleeping.
anything, either. It still surprises him, sometimes, how expressive Cas has become. For the most part, it passes by unnoticed, just like so many changes that happen to people to spend so much time with—they occur little by little, day after day, so slowly that in the process you forget where things began. But Dean hasn’t forgotten how Cas used to be, will always remember the way it felt to be in a room with him, like he could see you—really
“Sounds great,” Cas says, shuffling over to park himself at the kitchen table. He yawns loudly, and Dean tries not to think about all the simulations he’s seen about how particles travel around a room, fill up a space, germs settling on goddamn everything.
Dean snorts. “If the past couple decades have taught me anything, it’s that no matter how many times I die, something’s always going to bring me back.” He shifts, searching for a better angle, lets out a breathy sigh as the next slide of Cas’ dick hits just right. “I just have to wait to get some fucked up kind of lucky, I guess. For the universe to be done with me and finally just let me go. Not that that will change much. There isn’t any peace to be found after death, I know that now. There’s just more of the same.”
Dean shifts in his seat. When his leg bumps against Cas’, he quickly pulls it back. “I mean, I didn’t know, at the time, that it wasn’t you. You were acting pretty weird, even before that. And going off on your own in the first place...I guess I thought that after what happened-- I mean, you died, man. Like for real, all the way dead. And I figured after that you wouldn’t run off without me, or that you’d stick around more, or-- I dunno. I just thought something would have changed.”
Once everyone is settled around the table, Charlie introduces them to Oz.
“Sure you are,” Dean says. Cas
It’s nothing like the motels they stay in when they’re on the road. No motel is ever a consistent quiet, regardless of whether they’re on the east coast or the west or somewhere inbetween.
“Look,” Dean says, turning to follow him, “I know you’re still angry—”
“There are books,” Max says.
She looks directly at him, tilts her chin up. “You gonna try telling me to stop?”
Cas starts digging for change at mile one hundred twenty-eight. By the time they’ve hit the exit, he’s managed to collect a few scattered coins from the glove compartment. He holds his hand out across the seat expectantly. As they come to a stop, Dean digs a few quarters out of his pocket and drops them into Cas’ palm before he opens his door.
He’s still trying to accept the fact that there’s nothing he can do besides what he’s already doing, and he’s not sure he’s ever going to get there. He’s trying to remember that he’s never been able to save everyone.
“No.” He slides one hand to the back of Cas’ neck and the other into his boxers and around his dick. “Just the things that came before.”
Cas sighs. “I know sometimes I come across as--” he raises his free hand, lets it fall back to the table-- “odd.”
It already feels like he’s been trapped in the bunker for a decade—the thought of doubling down is, to put it generously, mildly horrifying.
As he pulls out the broccoli and carrots, Dean asks, “So, what’ve you been up to?”
“Yeah.”
Instead, Dean cuts him short. He nods at Cas’ empty bottle and says, “Another round while I bounce something off you?”
“To be fair,” Cas says, “I get plenty of use from the stuff in the kitchen, and I do intend to use the TV myself.”
Dean heaves a sigh. “I didn’t want you to come here just because it was what I wanted, I guess? I mean, if you wanted to go back to heaven or whatever. I didn’t wanna be the one to stop you.”
“You’re a fucking hypocrite, anyway,” Dean says, “because it’s not like you’ve actually done anything, either.”
“Don’t know why you’ve been ghosting me, but I gotta believe you still give a shit, and I don’t wanna die here,” Dean says, voice catching. “Not like this. Not now, not after we just got out from under Chuck’s thumb. I wanna live. I wanna have a life and I want you there. So please—”
“Okay,” Dean says, but when he resumes, he moves more slowly than before, handles Cas even more gently.
“Cas,” Dean says, and between one slow blink and the next, Dean has moved from pacing across the room to sitting next to Cas on the bare mattress, a hand on his knee, on his arm.
“Hey, sorry for waking you,” Victor says, and to his credit, he sounds like he means it. “So, shocker, someone called off, and with the skeleton crew, now we’re shorthanded. Can you come in? It’ll still be holiday pay, obviously.”
“Ugh,” Dean says. “What a waste. Guess I’ll keep my wits about me.”
Cas huffs a laugh. “For once,” he says, “I think it actually is.”
“No, no. I just—”
But you never forget your first.
Dean heads to the kitchen and whips up a quick dinner -- eggs, toast, fruit. He brings it to the bedroom on a tray so they can eat in bed, and that’s where they spend the rest of the day, dozing and watching TV until it’s time to go to sleep.
“Yeah. It might be too late in the year for some things, but I can always try.”
“I’m winging it,” Cas deadpans. Dean huffs a laugh.
He introduces Cas to Ken Burns documentaries first, reasoning that he’s heard a lot about them and figured Cas might enjoy them. He gets home from work and finds Cas has just started in on the one about the Civil War. By the time he heads to bed, he’s hooked, too, and has made Cas promise not to continue it without him.
Dean nearly spits out his sip of water. “What?” he croaks.
“Oh,” he says. “Uh.”
“Seems stupid to be sad in heaven, huh?” Dean says.
Dean swallows hard. “You’d be fine on your own.”
“Not everyone can,” Dean says. “Some people can see their wings and stuff, though. My brother, he could see them looking at them straight on, but I’ve gotta kinda look off to the side.”
The women jump down from the platform and make their way over to their group. As they approach, the brown-haired one holds out her hand to Victor. “I’m Dorothy,” she says, “and this is Celeste.” She shakes Victor’s hand enthusiastically.
“I--” Dean has to pause, clear his throat. “Sam found me on Westlaw, Cas. I Googled what that means while he was in the bathroom. Those Westlaw reports, they don’t just--” a half-laugh shakes its way out of him-- “they don’t just give phone numbers and addresses. They show people you’re connected to, the places you’ve worked, your-- your fucking criminal history--”
“The two aren’t mutually exclusive,” Cas says, smiling slightly. “But anyone hoping to end all war is going to be perpetually disappointed.”
“Hi, Sam,” she says, and her smile tells him everything he needs to know.
Dean grins wider. “C’mon,” he says. “Pizza’s gonna get cold.”
“Hello?”
“And with her gone, we move the body or figure out how to destroy it,” Gabe added.
And everyone knows sex is hot on the floor in front of a fireplace.  Fake OR real fire.  Yep.  On that freshly buffed floor.  The damn thing was so slippery they kept sliding.  They might as well have been on a frozen pond the way they couldn’t get traction, slipping and sliding.  Sam had him banging his head off the trim for a few good thrusts.
“So, you called the cops and they did nothing,” Dean supplied, seeing a lot of familiar patterns already.
“What happened to the other dentist?” Cas asked suspiciously.
********************************************
Dean rubbed his forehead in frustration.  Cas groaned in frustration.  They had just been about to make up!  And Balthazar fucked things up again!
Cas nodded, understanding his mission.  “I will find out more information.”
“No,” Dean shrugged.  “I can...get it.”
Castiel thought he might faint.  He surely stopped breathing.  His eyes jumped suddenly to the reflection of Dean’s face.  He was staring right at him.
The woman wrapped her arms around the guy’s neck and kissed him, his hand sliding her short dress up with a familiarity that said this was not his first time with her.
Gabe blew a breath out.  “My pain in the ass friend.  And my brother’s boyfriend.  And my husband’s brother.  Take your pick, they’re all accurate.”
They stared out at the quiet neighborhood as the street lights came on.
Dean stared at her a moment.  “You mean kill Brandy.  Or Bess.  Or Garth if he gets bit.”
Dean shrugged.  “Done.”
“No,” Sam bantered, feeling slightly protective of his new home, “they hid it behind burly beards and thermal waders.”
“We need binoculars,” Dean muttered.
“The casseroles are gone,” Dean said, pulling burgers from one bag, piling them on the table.
“So...when did you realize you weren’t in love with him anymore?”
Castiel stepped back in shock.  “That was...a kiss!  And yes, you’re right, it was wrong too.  But Dean...I have done a lot more than kiss you.”
With his back to Cas, he closed his eyes, realizing how ridiculous he must look.  “Yeah, I was just gonna put it in after we flip it,” he said, smirking at his own weak-ass save.
“Guess the day I do that I graduate from your understudy program.”  Castiel’s grin crept wider.  “Night, Dean.”
Sully nodded, rubbing his nose.
“Never did get a single bite of that peach cobbler,” Bobby went on to end a story about him and Rufus dealing with the neighbors.
Dean got to his feet quickly.  Using any and all excuses to touch him, he held his hand out, grinning with a warm surge of ‘fuck yeah’ when they clasped hands to shake.  All too soon it was over, and he felt left bereft.  “It’s good to see you!”
“I just got that!” Dean laughed.
They grabbed their bags from the cars and followed Cas onto the porch.  He unlocked the old farmhouse door and they all filed in.
He jogged down the stairs and sat at the table to eat a bagel.
“Heard you were comin’,” Rufus said, leaning his gun against the house beside the front door.
“You in, Crow’s Nest?” Dean said quietly over the walkie talkie.
“Want some more?” Gabe laughed, making a muscle, posing.  She laughed, stepping back to take more.  They clowned around, pulling Sam and Dean in for the fun.
“I’m busy,” Dean blurted, quickly realizing how rude he sounded, amended with, “Cas and I are...going camping.”
“Convicts,” Dean mouthed at him, stepping back.
Gabe took Sam by the hand, pulling him away.
“He’s not my -” Cas frowned, not finishing the statement.
His face softened.  “He’s adorable.  He’s three months old now.  He does this little babble thing...” Luc grinned with a faraway look in his eyes.
“Jeez!  Were you ever nice?” Bobby snapped, coming toward him.
“No.”  Dean cracked a bitter smile.  “Guess you’re all grown up now, huh?”
Dean laughed.  “Out.  Like...date.”
“Kat says she has ghosts in her house.  And a monster in the closet.  She could really use a friend like Sparkle.”
He waited, rocking gently to edge Dean along as he came down, letting him have his several moments of uninterrupted bliss.  Unable to not have a piece of the expression of joy on his face, he leaned down and kissed him softly, feeling Dean’s lips smile under his.
“Say it again.  Like you actually know what you’re talking about and not reading a prompter.”
Dean’s free hand came up in a frustrated wave.  “I am relaxed!”
“If they actually use poisonous tea, I doubt they would keep it in the kitchen with their regular tea,” Sam said.
“Who were you making out with?” Sam grinned.
“Okay,” Dean said, watching the lights of Sioux Falls pop into view on their right.
Brandy glanced up at Dean.  Dean nodded.  She stayed by his side, but gave Jody a more receptive look.
“Yeah,” Sam said slowly, “it’s kind of a sketchy place if you ask me.”
“Okay.”  Dean didn’t make a move and she left, leaving the door open.
“Now what?” Dean asked.
“Car,” Cassie announced.
“Think they heard us?” Sam asked.
“That’s...not cool,” Dean snipped.
That night, after a long day of organizing the kitchen and letting Sam direct him to hang pictures in every room, Gabe sat down on the front porch.  Dean had hung the swing he and Sam had bought, and he had to admit, he kinda liked sitting on his front porch.
“None of your friends are gonna be your friends, if you have them sniffin’ around something the feds are already sniffin’ in,” Rufus warned.
Castiel snapped out of his musings, looking at Sam.  “What?  Sorry.”
“I...” Castiel gasped slightly.  “I don’t know.”
Castiel shook his head.
“Frank says no, but...” Sam shrugged.
“Yeah,” Dean nodded.  “Yes!  A bag!”
“She made me put on her underwear.”
“Fred,” Cas said warmly, reaching over to touch the man’s forearm.  “Your friend Bobby is here.”
“Tea?” All three asked.
“And then brought it in and put it together,” Cas sighed, still looking quite sleepy.
Castiel drug a deep breath in and closed his eyes, breathing out.  The heat from Dean’s skin under the too-warm blanket was making him sweat.  His hand resting on Dean’s thigh closed in a fist.  He slid the back of his hand lower toward Dean’s knee, then back to where it had been.
“Let’s get Daddy Murphy up here,” Gabe shrugged.  “It’s pointless having this discussion without him.”
“What?”  Dean couldn’t even register the thought.  “He knows she’s a werewolf, right?”
They went inside, Garth taking in the empty built-in shelves and freshly buffed hardwood floors.  “Gosh.  I can’t wait to move in.”
Cas ran his fingertips lightly over Dean’s chest.  “What are you thinking about?”
Dean sighed heavily.  “Yeah.”
Dean sighed at the feel of Cas’ mouth.
“That’s my Cindy!” Justin grinned lovingly down at his wife, who waved him off with a flattered grin.
He kissed Dean through several bouts of pleading eyes and demanding thrusts.  He didn’t need him to beg.  He didn’t need to hear any words at all.  Dean begged beautifully with his squeezing muscles, his arrant legs, and his clawing fingers.  Dean was the one who needed words.  Sweet, sultry, little words whispered into his ears, dropped on his tongue, and pressed into his skin.  And Cas gave them like a steady stream, praising him, promising more, promising forever, dirty little teases, and filthy admissions.  Though Dean hadn’t said an intelligible word beyond ‘yes’, Castiel could feel it in his entire body that he was on the brink and desperate for release.  He arched his back just a bit deeper, thrusting just a bit harder, laced his fingers through one of Dean’s hands, hovering with his open mouth just barely touching Dean’s, and hammered inside him with increasing intent.  He watched as Dean’s green eyes, black in the dark shadows of their room, closed and his mouth froze in a silent plea.  Cas gasped when Dean’s body jolted into action, gripping his cock deep inside him, heels digging into his back and Dean came, hot, sticky semen flooding between them.  He released the gate he’d been madly steeling in his mind, eyes finally closing as he came, feeling a high like never before, pumping harder, harder, and harder, until all the world felt satiny soft and happy.  So happy.  Dean made him so happy.
2.  He should have peed before he ran his mouth to Officer Coitus.
“I did not know that.”
“Really good,” Sam was pleased to report.  “He’s very excited about moving to South Dakota.  Uncle Dean promised him a four-wheeler.”
After changing his shirt three times, he came back down to the kitchen dressed.  Sam was making some complicated looking salad with a lot of ingredients.  “Hey Sam, I know you’re gonna tease the hell out of me for this, but you gotta take me shopping.”
“What’s goin’ on?” Castiel asked, sitting up with a yawn.  The yard was quiet with towels hanging on the fence and chairs propped against the house.  “I fell asleep.”
“You married a lawyer!” Crowley squawked.
Dean tackled him to the sand but Castiel had already thrown it back to Gabe.
“Guess he’ll be here soon,” Castiel said, a little too breathless.
“I’m gonna suck your cock while you watch TV.  In the shower...” His own moan of pleasure threaded into Dean’s.
“I knew it!” Dean sighed, sitting back on the swing.  “I knew you meant date.”  His eyes fluttered shut.  “So sleepy.  But tomorrow I’ma be so excited.”  Because I’m going on a date.  A fucking date with fucking drop-dead gorgeous Castiel Novak.  Fuck.  “Gorgeous.”  He chuckled at himself.  “So cute.”  Cas was so cute.  And warm.  Dean snuggled down a little lower, just knowing his hands would be warm.  “And strong.”
****************************************************
Dean fought not to march across the yard and take over.
“I don’t know, you’re still lookin’ pretty nervous,” Dean grinned.
“Wow,” Sam frowned.  “That’s...”
“Hi!  Are they here?”
Gabe peeked back around the house, pushing Cas back from trying to edge in.  “He’s going to talk to her!”
After a few minutes of kissing that had Castiel panting and grinding against Dean, Dean pulled back, sliding off to the side to just look at him.
Gabe leaned into the road, trying to see the car that pulled over in front of his house.  Seeing a familiar form get out of the car and head toward the porch, he whispered, “Is that Lurky?”
Sam lifted both hands in befuddlement.  He turned to Dean, who had a smug look on his face.  “Jerk,” he bit out, frustrated that he hadn’t thought of it.
Sam’s eyes ran over the crowd again, Dean’s doing the same.  “How’s this town feel?”
“Chip,” Sam said darkly.  “His name comes up every time.”
“You’d be sleepin’ in a gutter, you putz.  You gotta quit this shit.”
“What happened was, Kontos acted like an asshole, Gabe acted like a complete jackass, and thank God Donna was there.  And me.  He has a hearing on Tuesday, along with Charlie for vandalism to private property.  He’s going to plead guilty,” he glared at Gabe, who stonefaced him with a blank stare.  “He’s going to pay the $57,000 fine for assaulting an officer, resisting arrest, disorderly conduct, destruction of property (in the police station), and littering.”
Dean got in bed, still thinking about Don and Maggie Stark.  Those thoughts quickly faded when Cas came in and closed the door.  This had become the weirdest routine he had ever had.  They usually went to bed at the same time, like a couple.  And they chatted easily enough, like a couple.  But then when the lights went off, they kissed goodnight and went to sleep, like friends.  They had been doing this for several nights now, and it was starting to drive Dean crazy!  Did Cas not want him?  He knew better than that as soon as the thought took shape.  So what was taking him so long to get more intimate?
“The guest room is all ready for you both and...” she stopped in front of them, smiling and putting her hands on her hips, “there’s food in the fridge.  Wow.”  She stared at them each in turn.  “You two are...good.   Like, super good!  I’ve never seen two people’s auras combine like that before.  You’ve really bonded!”
“Well, they all seem pretty accepting of gay men moving in,” Sam added.
Children?
A light went off, another coming on in the back of the house.
Dean paced around the stuffy sitting room.  He sniffed some weird looking candle, turning it slightly.  It was a gray pillar candle, but there was something odd shaped inside the wax.  He held it down to Buddy, who shied away from it, pinning his ears briefly.  Dean sat it back down with a creeped-out scowl.  He didn’t even want to know.
Not even the angry tirade that was his mother could get him out of bed the next day.  She tried being firm.  She tried being nice.  And she tried being harsher than Castiel ever remembered her being.
“Gabriel,” Cas sighed.  He could be so utterly blunt.
The last time he had been at the beach was when his mom was dating Gabe’s dad.  It had been fun.  A taste of a new life.  He grinned as Gabe stepped up next to him, slinging an arm around his shoulders.  “Maybe we can find you a hot lifeguard.”
He’d never been loved like that before.
Cas laughed, taking the partially eaten pie from him, loving the red blush in his cheeks.  He put it in the fridge and put his own bag on the loveseat.  The two went to work quickly dividing drawers and putting clothes away.  Dean had managed to take a decent number of snacks and fruit.  As he put three apples and a bunch of bananas on the counter, he wondered just what sort of shape they would be in for breakfast.  For what seemed like the millionth time since his arrival in Charming Acres, he coaxed his hardening dick to behave itself and wait.
“Yeah.  You?”
“I’m fine.”
“Hey!” Sam greeted him, looking up from his laptop at the kitchen table.  “How’d it go?”
There had been so many times over these past few years that he saw (or heard about) the tender side of Dean Winchester.  And though he was a deckhand braving the Bering Sea, tough as nails, bad boy Dean Winchester, he had not missed how Dean blushed and fumbled and got quiet around him.
“Hop in,” Dean waved.
“Thanks,” he sighed, letting Sam pull him by the hand out of the kitchen.
“Where you goin?” Sam asked, giving him a surprised look as he stood up.
Dean.
Sam was staring at him with some shock.  “Dean...you aren’t going to ruin our family.”
Castiel felt like Dean was speaking a different language.  Like he was supposed to be understanding something that wasn’t actually being said.  All he knew was, Dean had just rocked his world.  And he wanted more.  Like an addict, he was ready to walk the walk and talk the talk that Dean wanted to hear.  Whatever brought him more of this.
There was an odd assortment of chairs and boxes for the rest of them to sit on.  Cas had brooded for days, rolling his eyes and huffing.  But Dean caught the quiet laughs from Cas too.  The grins and general happiness Cas had when Gabe was happy.  It was a terrible habit Dean had gained, being with Cas.  Driving Cas to get steamed up and irritated to elicit that tight mouthed glare got Dean steamed up in other ways.  And he knew Cas loved it.  And so the war room took on the familiar flow of the dining room.  White marble floors that extended from the stairs to this wide-open room were now softened with a huge cornflower blue rug that highlighted the peacock theme.  Cas refused to accept there was a theme growing here.  But Gabe and Dean knew better.  Sam just went along with it, per usual.
Silence fell between the brothers.  Sam was right that Dean shouldn’t be butting in, but he couldn’t just watch them fall apart without saying something.
Cas’ body flushed with a wave of want.  He wanted Dean to own him.  Take him.  Pound away the shitty memories of last night.
Gabe glanced up at the ceiling.  “No lightning strikes!  And you ARE still breathing!  Was that so hard?”
“You didn’t have to ride to the corn soup rally with them,” Sam said.  “They played Christmas music!”
Cas tilted his head with a puppy-dog grin.  “I love you.”
“No!” Castiel pulled away from Dean’s grip.  “I’m just...freaking out, alright?”
Gabe chuckled.
“See ya there.  Wherever there is,” Gabe said, hanging up.
Donna clapped Bobby on the shoulder.  “Well, Bobby Singer, turns out you were right all along.  There certainly was a problem at Fred’s nursing home.  Who knew it went so far!”
“Hi,” Dean grinned, catching a much missed flash of his blue eyes.
Sam nodded, taking a picture of the document.  Dean squinted at a smudge of red on the floor next to the box,  his eyes landing on a spray of red on the side of the wall.  “What’s that?”
Castiel grinned into his pillow where no one could see.  He reached down, his own hand skating over Dean’s, stopping to squeeze it gently.  He grabbed the hem of his own shirt and pulled it up, squirming slightly to hike up the material.  Dean’s hand went back to work quickly, sliding up his side, pushing the shirt up until he managed to pull Cas’ arm out of his sleeve, exposing his whole shoulder, arm, and side.  Dean continued sweeping across his skin.
“I didn’t catch that,” Cas grinned, swatting Gabe giving him the finger.  “Did you hear any of that, Dean?”
Well, that was just ridiculous.
Bright yellow caution tape ran from the corner of Naoki’s house, across the street, attaching to the Smith’s house, blocking most of Lily Dale.  It seemed the entire neighborhood had gathered to see what was happening.  Alongside the caution tape, Don and Maggie Stark stood, Don holding Maggie against his chest.  Sue stood next to them with Zoe in front of her, goggles strapped on her head from swimming.  Melanie stood close to her friend Camille.  Dean met her eyes, trying to convey that they had solved Goldy’s murder.  Melanie’s face crumpled and she cried on Camille’s shoulder.  Rufus stood there proudly, Fred in the wheelchair in front of him.  Bobby broke away from the group, going to them.  PJ and Linda Burman stood next to them, Maddie watching the whole scene with much more wisdom than any kid should.  She should be having pretend tea parties with Sparkle, not watching her street fall apart.
Maybe Gabriel wouldn’t get to set him up for a date after all.  Maybe he would find one himself.
Brandy nodded.  “I was hoping I could...get a shower and just sleep for a bit.  I just need some time to figure out what to do.”
“I mighta liked it...” Chuck said, his voice dripping into a more dreamy tone.
“Go,” she pointed.
“What’s not to like?” Gabe chuckled.  “Warm satin on your ass?”
Dean turned, tipping his head so the pair could look at each other.  “You like this area already?”
“Yeah,” Dean scoffed with amusement.  “I can tell.  And it just makes everything easier.  He already heard about all the shit I’ve done, and he still looks at me like...”
“Shit.”
Off to the side of the crowd, they could walk much easier and Dean let his arm go.  Castiel glanced around.  No one was back here, except for a few vendors running around.  Castiel sucked in his courage and blew out a breath.  He caught Dean’s hand in his.
“I am,” Sam grinned.  “And the front door is locked, and I was thinking maybe you could join me in the shower.”
“Weed killer,” Dean chuckled.  “Those flowers will be dying by tomorrow.”
Dean stared at him, jaw ajar and eyes full of question and some doubt.
“At 2am,” Dean added.
Dean chuckled back, kissing him deeply.
“What are you doing in there?”
“Exhausting,” Dean finished, earning an amused smirk from all three of them.
Dean rolled his eyes.  “Fine.  I’m awesome.”
“That didn’t go as I expected either,” Dean said.
Sam nodded, unsurprised.
“Yeah.”  Sam pushed his hair back.  “I guess it shook me up a little.”
Dean looked at him with wide eyes.  “You can do that?  Shut it down when we get home?”
Sam nodded, holding out a calming hand. “They -”
“Really.  Maybe I should show him just how much I’ve grown.”
“I did,” Castiel grinned at him.
Dean nodded.  That was true.  “Whatever happens, it’ll be fine.  Sam will...bitch.  Yell.  Then he’ll just get over it.  He always does.  Especially when it comes to you.”
“More like scurried,” Dean chuckled.
“Well, she got suddenly ill,” Sam explained.  “It sounds pretty serious, actually.  Something about a seizure and she’s been unconscious since.”
“Gabe likes eating with us,” Goldy said softly, smiling at him.
Sam kissed him again, then got to his feet.  “Guess I gotta go shopping then.  Think they sell shackles at the hardware store down the road?”
“So, Tessa is slumming it and Gabe is bi,” Jo summarized, taking the controller Charlie had left.  “Good ta know.  Come on, Cas, I’m gonna kick your ass.”
“Are you okay,” he asked, covering her hand with his.
Don nodded.  His body language read all relaxed-business-persona so far.  “Yes. I’ve demonstrated my love for this town.  I think it’s safe to say I’m respected for what I’ve done here.”
“I’m so sorry,” Sam whispered, looking up as Naoki came out of the house, running toward Olivia’s car.  “Please, don’t hesitate to ask if you need anything at all,” he said quickly, backing up from the car as Olivia thanked him and she took off again.
He sucked in a breath when Dean’s hands slid up under his shirt, squeezing gently.
Sully looked confused for a moment.  “Oh!  Fletcher Donavan?  The Smith’s nephew?”
The room went silent.  Castiel was blushing profusely.  He turned to look at Gabriel with what he knew was some amount of shock.
Castiel stepped back, pushing his reaching hand away.  “I knew this meant nothing to you.  I kept warning myself.  But I can’t help feeling like you’re cheating on your girlfriend.  I don’t want to be that guy.”
“Not yet.  Let us get outta here first.  We’ll head back to your place when we’re done.”
Gabe grinned at his brother.  “Why, brother, I may never have been prouder of you than I am in this moment.”
Dean chuckled.  “Who’s the mystery guy you had the shitty kiss with, Cas?”
“How was the party?” Charlie asked.
Dean groaned, his head dipping down, then tipping back against Castiel.
They got in, heading further out of town.  “Where are we going?”
Dean’s face lit up.  “But we knew we were a buncha shady assholes!  We didn’t hide it behind frilly dresses and neighborhood picnics.”
Dean made happy little noises as he worked his way down Cas’ chest, then slid his boxers off with only the steamiest of little grins.
Sam laughed.  “Dean can act like the biggest, most ridiculous flirt, and pick up a guy for a fling with no problem.  But any time he’s serious about someone...it’s like he completely freezes up!  He gets shy!”
Dean slid into the booth at Harrington’s, waving at Sonny, who nodded back.  He had been to the diner several times now, hating how much he loved it.  The burgers were unremarkable, really, but the fries were good.  And the milkshake were obnoxiously fantastic.
Dean frowned again, taking a drink.  They had known Father Murphy for awhile.  The man could get pretty worked up when it came to monsters...but this was definitely something more.
“It’ fine. Don’t worry about it.”
He can’t hold the exclamation back. He’s never seen anything so filthy before. Now he’s fully hard, all right. It’s gonna be a long night.
“Come on, Man, what’s up?”
“Coming!” he calls after Sam.
“Just me alone?”
“I’m sorry,” he whispers. The rhythm of Amelia’s breathing changes slightly. She heard him. “I’m… really trying.”
“Okay. Makes sense.”
Dean sighs again.
Dean hums. He can feel Cas’s breath on his scent gland, and just that is enough to make him wet.
Dean nods.
Dean bursts out laughing as he looks back at Cas, who’s smiling too. He’s amused and… oh. Yeah. There’s something else in his eyes that has Dean’s insides twist pleasantly. His chest is hurting. Is this what being in love feels like? He never wants it to stop.
He doesn’t answer at first, what Dean just said registering slower than it usually does. Dean eyes the glass of champagne in his hand, and purses his lips in a smug pout.
“Uh oh,” Dean smiles. “Am I in trouble? I swear she got drunk on her own!”
Castiel’s heart does a complicated somersault inside his chest, and he swallows around the guilt as he gets up – a bit too eagerly – to take the call.
Damn.
“It seemed… it always looked to me that there was something between you too. Not like that,” he adds when Dean opens his mouth to protest. “I just mean… you were close. And sometimes, the way Cas looked at you, or looked when he was talking to you on the phone or whatever… it very much looked like love, you know? So I figured, since Angels are not gendered, they probably don’t see same-sex relationship like we do.”
He strips off his shirt, giving Cas his best sexy smirk. The lube is still sitting on the nightstand. He grabs it, throwing it at Cas, “Your turn.”
He wants to be naked. He wants to feel Cas’s body against his own, wants to let the air in the room run across his body.
Dean rolls his eyes, but complies. His heart is pumping blood so hard up his brain, anyway, that he’s not sure he could say anything interesting even if he wanted to.
“How so?”
With a moan, he pushes on against the pain in his arm. It’s less strong, he realizes, slowly disappearing, leaving only pleasure zig-zagging through his body again, finally. It has the adverse effect of bringing up his reasonable mind again. It occurs to him that if the Doc is indulging him like this, especially considering he thinks they’re scent-bonded, it might not make their situation any better.
“There’s no chance you could call Cas or give me his secretary’s number without knowing why, I’m guessing…”
“I just... I want my husband back,” she says, very quietly, and Dean suddenly has to work very hard not to look at her. “Even if it wasn’t great when we…” she stops. Dean hears the clang of a spoon against the pot. “But at least it felt like he cared about me. Like he wanted to spend time with me.”
“Okay. Okay, then…”
“He didn’t.”
There’s an urge inside Dean to keep going, to keep arguing, but he doesn’t want her to think less of him. He knows that if she loses her home, it’s his fault. Period.
But not now. Now, Dean’s opening his presents. He got tons of Hot Wheels already. Castiel is glad. That means they’re going to have lots of new toys to play with. He’s at Dean’s so often that Mother sometimes says he’s practically living there. It’s kinda true. Castiel loves it there, at the Winchester’s house. Dean’s mom, Mary, is really nice, and she can cook really well. John, Dean’s father, was a bit scary at first, but sometimes he shows Dean and Castiel how to make things with wood, or how to fix cars, and it’s nice. Sam is too young to play with them, for now, but he’s interesting. He’s only four but can already read, even if it’s only small children books. Dean says he’s super smart, and Castiel has no reason not to believe him.
Castiel is happy enough as it is. Granted, not at work, but the Study is his pride and joy. It’s enough for him.
“Uh, I was fifteen. I,” Dean shakes his head. He knows they need details. Fuck, he really didn’t think this through when he decided to whack off in their lab, did he? “Jim Harrison. He was on the lacrosse team, I was, huh, let’s say naïve. He said he loved me, so I thought, you know, that’s alright. I can do it with him.” He shrugs.
Stammers! Dean’s smug smile can’t be contained. He unbuttons his shirt, as quick as he can. He knows if he slows down, he won’t have the courage to go through with it. Oh! But how excited he’s feeling right now! He loves it. Loves feeling this way.
“So he told you what happened, then,” he asks Cas.
“I don’t know how to say this more gently than I’ve been doing the past couple days. We can’t afford to start on the Scent Study. I’m sorry Cas—”
He’ll take what he can get.
Dean has so many more questions. ‘No’ to what? He doesn’t want children? Period? Or he doesn’t want them with Amelia? Would he want them with Dean? Is that what he means? And what does that mean for his marriage? Does he plan to tell Amelia or does he intend to let her hope forever?
“Let me call you a cab at least.”
What the fuck is he trying to say, anyway?
“I don’t think we should drive back.”
He’ll never know, he thinks as he drains the last of his tin mug of whiskey and extinguishes the lamp.  This place isn’t much, but at least it’s theirs.  And they need this.
John sputters something around the gag until the man takes pity on him and pulls it out of his mouth.
He tears his eyes away from the sight of his father taking his last breath and focuses on the fight.  He keeps moving, even as he can feel the blood coating his skin like rain.  It drips down his face and into his eyes, he half expects his vision to turn red, but really it just burns.  Hands grab at him as he blinks his eyes clear, pulling at him, and he hits the floor hard, knocking the breath from his lungs.
When Castiel’s release comes, Dean feels the spirit’s body tighten where it’s draped over him, and a rush of cold fills his body, taking root inside of him.  That’s the last straw, and his body finds its own release.  He screams as he spills out over himself, covering his own stomach with his seed, Castiel’s cool form sliding through the mess as he moves back up Dean’s body.  Castiel’s form is bracketed over Dean, their foreheads pressed together, and Dean feels like he would float away if Cas weren’t there to hold him down.  He wants to open his eyes and see how human the ghost looks, or not, but a wave of exhaustion hits him.  Before he gets the chance to speak, he’s pulled down into unconsciousness.
Dean is helpless.  Pinned, sightless, voiceless, breathless.  Completely at his mercy.  And that’s when the rest of the memories finally come.
The world jerks off its axis, without warning, and then the hands holding Dean down are gone.  He feels something thrust out of his chest as Castiel manifests above him, slamming into Alistair so hard that the man flies across the room and hits the wall.  Cas is still connected to Dean’s body, like always, a seam between them, but he can move even while Dean is stuck to the floor.
He had hired John to make this place impenetrable.  The place had a bad reputation, and kids from town were starting to make a habit of daring each other to break in.  Dean’s sure there’s some elaborate ghost story to go with it, even though he hadn’t heard it yet.  There’s always an elaborate ghost story.
They try one more time to speak, to scream, to protest that they don’t deserve this, but nothing comes out.  Their throat spasms, choking on their own saliva, and it feels like there’s no more air in the room.  Their vision of the world is dimming from the edges in.  Their eyes dart around the room, looking for some last minute, final reprieve.  But there’s nothing there.  Eventually, the blackness closes in and there’s nothing else left in the world.
John inclines his head in silent approval, and Dean is sure he can feel three sets of eyes on him as he leaves the room.
He only has a second for his eyes to adjust before the water hits him.  It’s ice cold, and feels like a punch to the face.  Again, he feels like his breath has been stolen from him, only this time it’s not the creature doing it.  He chokes and sputters and coughs until some scrap of oxygen enters his lungs, and he opens his eyes again, still sitting on the bed, but now dripping water onto the sheets.  It takes a second, but reality breaks its way back into his brain.
“Good morning.”  Dean tries not to sound suspicious as he joins Sam at the table. John doesn’t respond, but puts a second plate down in front of him and fills it with eggs and toast as well.
“Dean?”
Dean feels like he’s been sleepwalking his entire life, and now he’s awake.  He knows without knowing that Cas feels the same way.
“Alistair, I swear, I’ll get your money.  I’ve got two boys, they can help, pick up extra work-”
“I never realized how-” he cuts himself off with a groan as Cas grinds down into him, “how uh, alone I felt until you were here.”
Dean’s whole body is shaking, his eyes are trained on Cas, and he feels like heaven and hell just moved for him.  Alistair’s body slides to the ground with a wet thump.  Dean blinks at the body, eyes flicking between him and the others, and then back up to Cas.
“Yeah, Sammy?”  He hopes he doesn’t sound as hazy as he feels.
“What’s all the noise for?” John bellows from the other room.
Something clicks inside Dean as John speaks.  Ahh.  Now it all makes sense.
There’s a brief, hungry expression on Alistair’s face, and then he’s moving towards Cas with long strides.  His grip on the knife is sure.  He makes it a few steps before Cas reaches out towards him.  His human hand once again slides back into black smoke, this time forming something like a spear, long and sharp.  It covers the distance between Cas and Alistair without him needing to take a step.  Alistair is just starting to let out a roar when Cas’ arm reaches him, sliding between his ribs like a ship’s prow sluicing through the water and emerging on the other side, sticking out between his shoulder blades.
“But it’s snowing outside?”
His eye catches on a puddle before he stomps through it, and there’s enough early morning light for him to see the face reflected there.  Not his own, although he does see that, skin drawn tight over his bones, pale and shivering from the cold with deep circles under his eyes.  Not that.  He sees
When he wakes up this time, the familiar pressure is back.  Castiel, inky black and flickering in and out like a candle about to extinguish.  The sheet is pushed down to Dean’s waist, and the long ropes of black that make up the creature’s legs are straddling his bare chest.  It’s an anchor, and Dean presses into them instinctively.  He can feel himself skin to skin with Cas.  Cas is still in flux, melting between feeling rubbery tough or soft like smoke.  Dean concentrates, and lets whatever energy he has pour out of himself and into Cas at the point where their bodies are connected.
It causes Dean to flick his eyes away from his reflection, however briefly, and when he looks back the man is gone.  Probably because he was never really there.  Dean lets out a tense sigh and doesn’t turn around to check.  Maybe he’s just losing his mind, and Sam can come visit him and their Dad in the Sanitarium once a week for the rest of his life, spoon-feeding them oatmeal as they sit, slack-mouthed and simple, surrounded by other slack-mouthed and simple people.  Something about that almost sounds freeing.
The hands pushing them down, the choke of incense, the chanting, the holy water.
When Dean wakes up in the morning, he sits bolt upright in bed.  Castiel is gone, not just not visible, but not here.  Dean can’t feel his presence.
“Yeah, I’ve heard all about your boys, John,” he hisses, “in fact, I heard they were both so pretty most people in town thought you had daughters.  So, maybe I could take the boys in trade.”
He should feel exposed, but he doesn’t.  He feels utterly possessed.
The man doesn’t look afraid as stands up.  He should, but he doesn’t.  He just wipes more blood from his face onto his sleeve and draws himself up to his full height. When he speaks, it’s still the voice of a man who believes he will live forever.
He’s had night terrors for as long as he can remember.  When their mother died while John was off fighting Nazis, he and Sam had ended up in a home, and Dean is sure he woke up screaming every night for the first month.  They had tapered off a little by the time Dad came home from the war and claimed them, but they were never really gone.  He knows he’ll never really be rid of them.
The feeling is especially strong right now.  It’s dusk, nighttime really, but there’s still a scrap of light left in the day so Dean is outside, up on his ladder, working on that damn fence.  He and Sammy had patched the hole fine, but then they realized the gate’s hinges were rusted half off.  And then they realized that the lock was cracked.  And then the property owner had insisted they add barbed wire to the entire fence-line to help discourage vandals.  And then, and then, and then.
It isn’t clear if Cas hears him or not, but he doesn’t stop.  He leaves one tendril gripping Dean from the inside of his mouth, while more reach out and stroke down his body.  Dean still has his eyes closed, and it feels like Cas is everywhere at once.  The bulk of him moves further down until he’s between Dean’s legs rather than straddling him, and Dean gasps once, sharply as twin vines of smoke wrap around his thighs and pull them apart.
“No,sir,” Dean stifles a yawn, “I just haven’t been sleeping well.”
On the third night, Dean wakes up in his own bed again.  A thread of disappointment wraps around his mind, but it snaps when he feels the pressure on his chest.
A week passes, and Dean almost stops thinking about the creature.  It seems far away now, less tangible.  Just a nightmare.  He can’t forget it entirely though, and he can’t shake the sensation that someone’s watching him whenever he’s alone.  He knows he can’t see it, but he can feel it, pressing into the world around him.  Clawing.  Which is moronic, but still.  It’s a feeling he can’t get rid of.
again, the man, hovering just over his shoulder like before.  Dean can feel his body trying to kick in some fear and adrenaline, but it’s like he doesn’t have the fuel to get there.  He’s too tired to be afraid.  So instead he just stares, and the man stares back.
The creature is back.
He demonstrates, holding out one tendril of smoke for Dean to see.  Cas concentrates and the smoke becomes firm and weighty.  He reaches down and touches Dean’s chest with it, and the sensation causes Dean to gasp.  It’s cold and hot at the same time, soft and hard, but either way it feels undeniably real.  He can feel his skin give slightly under the weight of it.  He can feel the tip of it drag, starting in the hollow of his throat, and tracing down his chest and stomach.  Dean is covered in a sheen of sweat and the moisture is dragged along with Cas’ touch.
“Dean, why are you naked?”
Cas’ voice soothes him
A flush colors Dean’s cheeks as he looks down at himself.
“Are you all right?”
He moves with the man through the memory.  They’re in this house, but it’s before, and it’s even more rundown, if that’s possible.  There’s an older couple in the house with them.  Dean can’t make out what they say, it’s like he’s listening to them through water, but he can recognize the disappointment and shame in their eyes all too well.  They turn away from the couple and go back upstairs, back to their room, and crawl back into bed.  They lie completely still for as long as they can.  The world feels hollow around them.
The sound of John’s voice makes Dean jump.  He turns to see his father leaning against the kitchen doorway.  He’s got a few days worth of stubble on him and his shirt has definitely seen better, less stained days, but at least he looks sober.  More or less.
There’s nothing but smooth black where Castiel’s mouth should be, but his jaw is working, threads of black pulling at it like he’s trying to speak.  He’s trying to talk to Dean.
The dreams feel closer now, more real, and Dean is able to make out words here and there.  “Demon”, is one he hears a lot.  “Sin” is another, often combined with the word “Flesh”.  And “Castiel”.  A name.  Their name.  Castiel.
Dean is jerked to his feet and thrust into the room, towards Alistair.  He tries to make himself stand tall, but he knows he looks scared. Somebody swats his ass and his stomach sinks with fear.
He stares at the ceiling of his bedroom and tries to shake the lingering feeling of the dream, sweat drying on him in a clammy film, breath gradually coming back under his control.  It’s a little harder to shake the feeling of something crawling under his skin.  The smell of damp hangs in the room, there’s a thick layer of dust sitting on the shelves that he has yet to clean, and fine cracks spiderweb across the ceiling.  The curtains are threadbare, and let in enough dawn light for him to see.  He traces the cracks with his eyes until he feels like he’s rooted to reality again.
“Shut the fuck up Sammy, and go to your room.  Shut the door behind you.”
He pulls a knife from his belt, the same one he used to cut John’s throat, and holds it low.  Dean can see the tension bristling off of Castiel as he waits for the attack.
John shakes his head, “You are too old to still be getting these nightmares, boy.  You need to get a handle on it.”
His body stutters to a stop, briefly, and he feels the weight of someone’s eyes on him.  As the child of a tempermental father, he always knows when he’s not really alone in a room, and he’s not alone right now.    He’d successfully forgotten about his nightmare for around four minutes, so it makes sense that that’s all the respite he was going to get.  A shiver runs through him as he pictures the creature, black and nebulous, draped over him.
Either way, it was a good job.  Regular money, regular home, keeping John somewhat tied down.  Not that John could do much of the work himself.  He had his knee blown out in the war, and even though more than a decade had passed since then, the knee was still mostly for show.  So it fell to Dean.  As did taking care of Sammy, but that one he was happy to do.  Dean was even determined to get Sam into school soon, no matter what John said.  Being thirteen years old may make him a man in John’s eyes, but Dean still has hope that Sam would be the one to get farther in life than Dean or the old man.
Dean can’t talk, or move, or breathe, but he wants Castiel to know that he’s listening.  He concentrates on keeping his body soft and pliant beneath the creature.  He didn’t realize before, but Castiel isn’t just sitting on his chest, he’s emerging from it.  Half in Dean, half out.  They’re connected.  He doesn’t really know how, but Dean makes his mind feel… open.  He thinks as loudly as he can for Castiel to take his energy, to touch him and speak.
Castiel reaches one tendril back up to his face and slips the tip into the side of Dean’s mouth, gripping him from the inside.  Dean lets out a high pitched noise and his words fail him.
John looks ferocious standing over him.
When he makes it to the kitchen, in an unpredictable turn of events, the scene in front of him is calm and domestic.  Sam is sitting at the table, a plate of fried eggs and toast between his elbows, and John is leaning against the counter, mostly dressed and holding a cup of coffee that possibly doesn’t even have bourbon in it.
Their destination?  Another funeral.  They had been to three.  Gary Frieling. Imelda.  And now, Mrs. Golden.  The others had been brief appearances at the viewings to share their condolences and respect with the families.  This one was more personal.  Melanie was broken hearted.  Her grandmother had raised her.  It had been unexpected and there was a strong sense of something having gone foul with her death.  And Gabe had lost another silver swan.  He still smiled when he left for work in the mornings, but rather than purely joy, it was now weighted with determination.
Brandy blushed slightly, shifting on her feet but not moving anywhere.  Her demeanor darkened.  “No one tried to kill me.  So, it’s going better than when you showed up to Mindy’s.”
“And quit with the suits.  You look like a damn lawyer goin’ in there.”
“Sam, calm down,” Dean deflected.  “And it does serve the bastard right.”
Castiel swept his hand up the silky skin, watching Dean’s mouth part.  He ran his hand down and up again.  Dean’s head lifted, mouth still open slightly.
The blonde was serving another table full of men and women, the owners of the row of bikes out front if their leathers and patches were any sign, and the woman from the bar headed straight for them, making Dean sit up straighter.
“And who else finds it completely unnerving every time you’re told this is the safest town in the USA?” Gabe asked, raising his hand high.  Cas and Dean immediately raised their hands.
“Oh.  What do you do?”
A pang of nervousness showed through Dean’s expression.  The room was small and they were only two steps apart.  Castiel could make out each freckle on his cheeks.
Castiel stared at him in shock.  “Dean.”
“Looks like this was a clothing store,” Cas guessed by the racks left abandoned inside.
They huddled back together, Bobby rejoining them, as the entire neighborhood was alive with onlookers or houses being searched.  Bags of tea were being stacked on the Whittaker’s porch when Donna came out, making a beeline for them.
I didn’t say it back.
Cas mapped his torso, running his hands firmly up and dragging his hands back down, his blunt nails scraping lightly.  He licked a stripe up the underside of Dean’s thick cock, feeling him rock beneath him.  He sucked him down, swiping his tongue back and forth along the length as Dean groaned.  He sucked and swirled until he tasted the familiar light flavor of precum.
“Get out of here, Cas.”
“You think you’re pretty slick, don’t ya?” Doug said with gritted teeth, yanking Dean so he was upright.
Cas frowned with his head tilted slightly, nodding gently.  “Yes?”
Castiel stopped, straightening up and staring at him.  He schooled the anger off his face, fighting for something more neutral.
“And if it makes you happy, I am more than happy, Sam.”
“If you mean Bobby and Rufus,” Cas said, squinting, “I believe they are at Naoki’s house.”
“Safest town in the USA!” Gabe and Sam said, laughing from hearing it and reading it so many times.
“Mmhm,” Bobby agreed low and quiet, the two men holding each other’s gaze intensely.
Cas grinned, letting his head flop back onto his pillow.
“I hope so,” Cas grinned.  “I believe in you, Chuck.”
Castiel laughed at the pair.  He wasn’t sure why he had stressed about telling either of them.  He figured it would go something like this.  He felt emboldened in his thoughts and feelings.  They were both his best friends, after all.  Relief flooded him.  Maybe his life wasn’t as complicated as he was making it out to be.
“No one is shadier than him,” Sonny said in a whisper so light that Sam found himself stretching up toward her to be sure he heard her right.
“Agreed,” Cas nodded.
“I know I was fun to ‘play around with’, but I didn’t know you had a girlfriend.”
Cas narrowed his eyes in thought, but Dean was either becoming one of the nuts in this town or every conversation he had outside of Sam and Gabe’s house was destined to make him lose his shit.  He liked Melanie, so he opted to just friggin’ go with it.  “Awesome,” he grinned.
Dean laughed.  “I bet.”
Cas grinned and came to sit on the chair near the swing.  He slouched into it with a sigh and propped his ankle on his knee, the beer dangling from his long fingers.
“Richie, who is that?” Sheila asked as Gabe smiled up at Sam.
“So badly,” Cas whispered sincerely.  He could read Dean like a menu.  He was fronting boyish charm but there was a strong current of nervousness, laced with just a trace of real lust.  He could step back right now and pick this up later tonight.  Give Dean a little more time to feel the situation out.  Or...he could just dive in like every fiber of him screamed to do.  He licked his lips, his eyes dropping to Dean’s beautiful mouth one last time, when, just as he was about to step back, one of Dean’s hands sprung from his pocket and gripped Cas’ wrist.  And there it was...a look of hope and assurance.  Cas tipped his head and dove in for a mouth that had been unattainable for far too long.
“Sully, this is my brother, Dean.  And this is Gabe’s brother, Cas.”
“Slow!” Doug yelled.  “And hands where I can see ‘em!”
“Bitch,” Dean smirked.
“I’ve thought about you a lot too,” Dean added, biting his lip.  He folded the picture gently, slipping it back into his wallet.  “I had no idea you...”
“You...” Dean froze, mind still shifting haltingly.
“I can’t help it,” Castiel grinned, wrapping his fingers tightly into Dean’s.
“I, this is, you’re, wow,” Dean stammered, cheeks blushing a little.
Rufus got up, pouring himself another shot, patting his friend’s shoulder as he moved back to his chair.
“Hey,” Sam interrupted, putting an arm around Gabe.
Dean sighed, sagging back into his chair.
“Yeah.  These people do a lot of moving around at night, if you catch my drift.”
“We did,” Cas smiled at Dean.  “Because we both travel, we’ve had little opportunity to get to know each other very well.”  He winked at Dean, bringing the blush back to his cheeks instantly.  He was going to ban winking.  It should be a new town ordinance.
“I go almost every day.  We play cards, like you said, on his good days.  Watch TV on his quieter days.  And I don’t much like that Mahoney either.  He don’t seem too motivated to do much for the residents.”
Dean nodded, not wanting to prolong the conversation and upset the neighbor kids.  When their ice cream bowls were empty and the pair had gone to Maddie’s house to play, Dean and Cas took their places on the porch at the top of the steps with bowls of ice cream for themselves.
“But I’m the one that spray painted that douchebag Balthazar’s sign,” Gabe insisted.
“I just meant it was a terrible misfortune to feel so fearful and trapped and have weapons so easily available.  Bobby was so young.”
“Good job, Chuck.  I know where you are.  Sit down on the library steps and wait.  I’ll be there soon.”
She grinned.  “Thanks!”
Silence fell again.
“I know, Marion.” Gabe put a calming hand on her shoulder.  She was no longer using her walker, but still looked a bit unsteady on her feet.
Sam nodded.  “I’m smarter than they might think.  I know the system.  And I know that kid needs help.”
“With some help,” Gabe chipped in.  “Hi.  We’re the help.”
Melanie sniffled, nodding her head yes as Camille put an arm around her.
Castiel frowned.  “She was lucky to have you.  She always talks down to you.  And... you aren’t a dick.  You deserve better.”
Jody rolled her eyes with a reluctant little smile.
“You think I knew how to ‘be a married man’ when I got married?”
“Yes, sir,” Dean sighed, opening the door, and slowly getting to his feet, hands going to his head.  Doug, being douchebag Rambo-cop, circled the car like Dean might sprout wings and escape.  Once Doug was behind him, the cop shoved him down to the hood of Bobby’s car, yanking his arms into the small of his back to fasten handcuffs around his wrists.  “Easy, Rosco P. Coltrane.  I lost a nail.”
“Me?” Castiel was baffled for a one on one audience with Dean, let alone asking his opinion on his love life.  “Uh...I don’t like her,” he admitted.
“Uh...yeah.”  Castiel knew he was blushing profusely.
“Sleeping,” Sam confirmed.
Dean and Cas both quirked their heads.
So, his Samshine, best husband to ever huss, propped his cell phone up on a log that had been there since a week after they moved in (in preparation for the fire they would never have) with a fireplace screensaver playing.
Sam turned, looking back at him and Cas.  Yeah, something was up.  And it wasn’t the wife.  And it wasn’t the girlfriend.  They waited for a moment as Olivia turned to busy herself with putting the casserole in the refrigerator.  Deb got herself together again and wiped her tears away with a tissue.  “I think he was poisoned.”
“Well, I fed the cat and gave him water,” Rufus said.  “Somebody needs to tell Olivia that their refrigerator smells like roadkill casserole.”
“She can work in the dish room.  Somebody needs to keep Kevin in line,” Dean added.
“Just bringing in the fresh sheets,” Ms. Dowling said, smiling obliviously.  She set the sheets on the bed and glanced around.  “Where did that nice fella go?”
“Aw.  You’re a good brother,” Castiel grinned.
Castiel rocked into his hand, reeling in the rub and friction his cock was surrounded by.
Garth looked unconvinced.  “I’ve heard they really go at it sometimes, but...you think Maggie had something to do with killing Wendy?”
“Let’s go play some games before Gabe pukes from the rollercoaster,” Sam grinned.
Dean stepped in a little further, taking in the parlor with mauve carpet and thick floral curtains.
“Hey.”
Wow.  Sam sucked at lying.
“Uh huh,” Dean nodded, not buying it.
“Yeah...I’m on it.  But only because there’s beef involved.”
Sam’s face sobered as he looked around the diner.  The shiny black and white checkered floors, red leather booths, bright chrome trimmed stools didn’t bring the sparkle of joy to Sam’s eye like they did when they had walked in.
“I’m sure he’ll be fine with it.  Let’s try him again.”  Sam called Dean, the whole group stepping aside so people could continue gathering around the stage.
“What if they’re making some kind of poisonous tea?” Cas asked.
“We gotta move,” Dean swore.
“Hello, Brandy.”
“At home.  Sleeping,” Cindy said easily.
“I am.  I’m Cas.”  She was young.  Somewhere between a teen and an adult.
Dean turned in his seat to look fully at Crowley.  Cas looked too, wondering what had caught Dean’s eye.
Gabe shook his head in refusal.  “I don’t want him drug through any of this.  I did it.  Me and Charlie.  I’ll get us out of it.”
Cas was frowning now, though he didn’t look as pissed as Dean.  This woman was sourcing the wrong crowd if she thought she could complain about Sam or Gabe.
“Right where I left you,” he grinned sweetly.
“It could be Garth.  Or it might be a neighbor!” Sam whispered, joining him as he opened the door.
Castiel stammered.  This line of logic was holding pretty thin.  “I warned you,” he grinned, a sliver of bravado left from the day.
********************************************
“No, no,” Dean grinned.  “I just meant...I should have taken more time with you.  I feel like I’m bulldozing my way through this.  I wanted to make sure you felt safe and got what you deserve.”
“You go to all these town events?” Dean asked, finding it curious that the two were here at all.
“And how many cops is that?  Two?  Three?  Yeah.  That would be my guess.  Makes you wonder what else goes on without being reported.”
“Will do!  Oh, we took some salt, holy water, and that nifty flame thrower.”
“Luc,” he said, with distaste, “see you bright and early Monday morning.”
“Bye,” Sam grinned, kissing him.
Sam bit his lip.  “Well...we haven’t talked about it for over a year.  And...I...” he shrugged, “I think...with you...maybe we could do it.”
Castiel grinned at him, not totally exploding into fireworks inside this time.
Dean stopped again.  “He hasn’t called?  At all?”
He stopped, watching as the car turned back the unmarked drive that took people to the back door.
They all looked at each other like they often did while tossing around guesses.  Maybe. Maybe not.  Anything was possible but was it really probable?
A week before school was to start, Gabriel started getting antsier about going back.  He kept arranging trips to the lake and trips to a nearby amusement park.  Castiel had gotten out of the amusement park trip, saying he hated the rides and would only slow them down.  He made it up to them by coming to the sleepover that night.  Luckily everyone was so worn out, they didn’t notice his avoiding Dean.
Gabe and Sam exchanged a smile.
“Gabriel!”  He groaned.
Dean leaned forward.  “People are dead.  Imelda.  Goldy.  You need to be careful.”
“I know!” he yelled back.
Dean patted his leg, his hand sliding to the inside of his knee slightly.
“I see,” Cas said.
He was proud of himself for telling Dean there would be no more kissing.  He had drawn a limit.  And Dean had accepted it readily.
Cas gasped, his body already starting to tremble slightly.
“And if we don’t like it, we move on.”
“Well, golly fellas!  Wouldn’t be right to put you to work!”
Sam moved him wherever he wanted him, fucked deep and hard into him, pummeling him so efficiently that Gabe came in a tipsy haze.  Sam shifted, driving deeper with less focus on his prostate, driving himself until Gabe felt the unmistakable hot gush of Sam’s orgasm.  Sam bent over him, kissing across his shoulders until he slid out and  turned him over again.  Gabe knew his kiss was sloppy and mostly a ridiculous grin, but it was all so good.
“What kinda guy has a statue of themselves in front of their own house,” Sam said, baffled.
“Be home in two shakes.”
“Yeah, the police just took Cas outta here.  He was digging around in Wayne’s office again.  Mahoney was chewing him out.”
“What are you doing?” Dean grinned against his mouth.
“Damn,” Dean shook his head.  It could be a toss-up between him and his brother as to who got up first in the mornings.  But lately, he was sleeping in like never before.  He knew damn well it had everything to do with the strong arms that held onto him, keeping him warm and happy.
Castiel jogged along the trail that ran the length of the back of Kripke grounds.  It was a warm morning, promising to heat up into a hot summer day.  He had already run two miles on the sleepy sidewalks of town and decided a run around the perimeter of their grounds would be nice.
He bent, pressing his lips to his chest.  Dean’s hand curled into his hair.  Spurred on, he teased the nipple between his thumb and finger while his mouth slid across Dean’s chest, letting the kisses he wanted to put on Dean’s mouth flow onto his chest instead.
Dean shook his head.  “It’s all fun and games until some mountain of a man named Tiny is staring you down while he licks the bars of his cell.”
He grabbed his bag from the living room and bounded up the steps and back to the main bathroom.  Shitshitshit!  How did this happen so fast?  How did it happen at all?  Cas had been complaining about dinner and he’d said something about backing him up and...this was a DATE?!
“We’ll do some digging,” Sam assured them.  “I’m not sure what we can do, but we can try.”
“Yep,” Gabe nodded.
(See the end of the chapter for
When he was coaxed into being half hard, Castiel did the only thing he could think of.  He sucked his fingers clean.  Dean spared him with a brief, cocky grin for that.
“What was Melanie doing at the retirement home?  I thought she was a professional psychic,” Sam asked, sitting up.
He knew enough about Dean Winchester to know that he had taken a serious misstep by bringing up his childhood.  Sam had told Gabe everything over the years.  And Gabe, in turn, had told him.  Sam had told him plenty on his own.  He recognized his error the second he had brought up Dean’s dad.  It wasn’t that he couldn’t handle hearing Dean vent, swear, cry, or even laugh about his past.  He was okay with all that.  What had hurt him to his soul was when Dean flinched away from him.  And it wasn’t that he couldn’t handle all that went with that too.  It just made him want to A) hug Dean, B) kill John Winchester and Samuel Campbell, and C) kick himself for bringing up such a touchy subject when Dean was obviously already a little nervous on this date.
By the time Jack’s diaper was changed and Castiel had figured out how to redress him, everyone else in the apartment was gone.
He sat up, hair tinged with sweat.  He slid off the cushion, grabbing the lube and handing it to Dean with a predatory advance, backing Dean into the windows to kiss him.  His knees shook slightly, feeling Dean’s hot shaft pressing against his own.
“Jo.  You don’t know her, I’m sure.  She’s a north ender.”
“Well, I don’t like it.  This place is hippie central.  If I ask nice, I could probably get a side of HASH hash-browns.”
Dean’s mouth opened wet and hot with a bite to the curve of his neck and shoulder.  “Damn,” he gasped when Dean’s teeth latched a bit harder.
“Oh! You didn’t have to bring anything!” Cindy frowned her eyebrows unnaturally high.
“Uncle Dean!  Uncle Cas!”  He jumped off his stool and ran to hug them.  “I’m so glad you’re back!”
“I love you,” Cas panted, feeling whole and loved and owned and everything he ever needed from the world.
“Yeah,” Gabe clapped him on the back, “and Sam is still pissed at me.”
There was a cool breeze off the ocean and clouds out to sea.  It would probably rain sometime today.  Dean had told the moms to call if they wanted to go anywhere, since they had to take the car to get to the boardwalk.
Luc grinned, his smile sobered and he nodded.  “Thanks.  You’re right.  You’re a smart guy.”
“Looks like a basement door to me,” Sam said.
“So bad?” Cas cooed back, all his worries crashing to nonexistence.  “All you had to do was tell me,” he whispered, kissing Dean’s exposed throat, opening his mouth to taste his skin as Dean’s chin tucked down in a ticklish shy-away.  Cas gripped their cocks harder, stroking more strongly, dragging a moan from Dean that made him moan back in return.  “I’ll give you anything, Dean,” he rumbled, feeling Dean’s knees go weak.  “Anything you want,” he added, loving how he was melting into his hands.
“Get up here to the fourth floor.  Just you.”  Dean ended the call, pacing the open space.
“Yeah, I’m ready for a beer,” Dean said under his breath.
“Nice coat,” Dean smirked, taking a sip.
“Porch light at the Whittakers!” Gabe said the second a light popped on in front of him.  Bobby’s rustling stopped and Gabe watched as Wayne came out back, talking on his phone.
Gabe smirked.  “Always have been.”
“I think you’ll make an excellent addition to our home,” Wayne said.
He looked into the telescope and saw a blurry ball of light that looked a bit bigger than the others.  “Awesome,” he grinned, standing up tall.
*************************************************
“It’s almost four in the morning.  Who knew the Carrigans would outlast us?  We’ll figure something out tomorrow.  Or later today, I guess.”
“Dude!” Sam exclaimed.  “Would you stop buying me furniture?”
Dean grinned.  He pulled his hand out.
“So, let’s say fairies are real,” Gabe said, grinning.  “How can we defeat him?”
“Mahoney!” Gabe supplied, leaning forward.
When he got out, Dean dodged direct eye contact and held a light blush on his cheeks until he closed the bathroom door behind him and got into the shower.
A warm flush swept over Castiel, his heart swelling.  Oh my, oh my.  Dean was going to be the end of him.  “Sounds perfect,” he whispered, liking the heat that bloomed in Dean’s cheeks as he held his stare.
“We should give them something to really look at,” Luc said, close to Castiel’s ear.
“Hang out with Luc anymore?” Dean asked, his smile slipping.
“What’s on the fucking spec sheet is the fact that you and Charlie went out last night and vandalized property, Gabriel!  You could get arrested!”
By the time Luc got back, Jack had been awake and busy staring at everything and drooling for over an hour.  Luc shut the door and grinned.  “Hi, my little man!”  He took Jack, kissing his little cheeks, making Jack giggle and squeal.
“Sonny,” Sam said, ready to apologize, when the clanging bell on the door distracted them both and Wayne Whittaker walked in, making a beeline for Jimmy.
Balthazar glanced around the room with growing panic.  “I had all the charges dropped!  I got that nice lady-cop to help me!”  He was grinning, pleading them all with his face to jump on his bandwagon of all-is-well.
Castiel stopped in his tracks, suddenly aware of the stain on his shirt, the dorky sneakers he was wearing, and how scrawny he was.  “Hello, Dean.”
“I’m not scared,” Castiel said, getting his bearings back.
In his office, he moved all the charts into a trash bag and took it to the dumpster, handing it off to a waiting Bobby.  It all felt very Cloak and Dagger and had him chiseling down lollipops like a beaver cutting teeth.
Dean hesitated, leaning down to kiss him.  “I’m sorry about last night.”
“Relax and have fun!  Just be yourself only...more chipper!”
Sam sighed.  “Call it what you want, but I know that’s all dad heard.  Dean, my good soldier of a son is gay.  You shoulda let me go first, Dean.  He already thinks I’m worthless.”
“Morning!”  Fletcher burst into the room, still in jammies.  The door knob smacked against the wall, reminding him that the kit for the door stop was on the bathroom counter.
Castiel nodded.
The brothers gave her a surprised look.  “You do?”
“No,” Sam smirked.  “He’s off...camping or something.”
“Pretty much”, Gabe admitted.  “Fred’s real quiet.  He likes playing cards on good days.  I thought I saw you a few times in there, Bobby, but I wasn’t sure it was you.”
“These are the fellas I was tellin’ ya about.  This is Cas, Dean, Sam, Gabe, and Fletcher.”
“There’s more?” Gabe whimpered slightly.
Fletcher waved back with a big grin.
“Yeah,” Gabe asked, hardly capable of taking much more in.
Phone forgotten; Sam lifted it so Bobby could see the herbs bundled into neat clumps.  Trays of drying leaves, berries, and flowers lay on the table.  Sam flipped another switch, three fluorescent lights flickered on.
He stared at the ceiling.
“I guess I’ll call Gabe,” he said defeatedly.  He pulled his phone out, calling him.
Cas crossed the room, joining Dean on the couch, Wayne staring at them incredulously.
“I suck at rides,” Gabe groaned.
“When I first came back, he wanted to tell the cops that he had done it and let me walk away clean.  I won’t let him.  All he did was help.  He gave up his life for me!”
“Yeah.”  Castiel fidgeted with the strap on his backpack.  “I could ride with you on Monday.”
“Mm.  We got a whole street full of ‘em,” Rufus nodded, eyes darting around the yard.  “Even the miniature sized people.”  His eyes followed the kids, playing some sort of tag game with Sully, without any actual touching.
Dean’s hand stopped.  His hand slid, curling around his bicep.
“Anyone ever tell you how warm and welcoming you are?” Dean said sarcastically.
Chapter 8:  Just My Imagination
Jody nodded.  “I am.  And the police.  And...a friend.”
Cas and Dean leaned around him, the three watching the man approach the woman at the picnic table.  They were whispering about something.
She waved him off with a laugh.  “Stop foolin’!”
“Yep.”
“All that’s missing is a couple dozen cats,” Sam said under his breath.
They both laughed again.
“I promise,” Castiel whispered.
“This is no laughing matter,” Nellie said pretentiously.  “Seems our Mr. Frieling died last night.”
Sam laughed, still remembering how miserable Dean had been when he got home that night a month ago.  “He brushes twice a day now!”
“He hasn’t said so.  But…he liked his prize you won him pretty well.”
But he didn’t feel defeated.  No.  Not Gabriel.  As far as he was concerned.  They came, they saw, and they conquered.  Time to change the channel and see what’s next.
“I lie,” Dean grinned.
“No,” Castiel shook his head.  “I just feel so...god, I can’t believe I’m even talking to you about this shit.”
“We’ll, uh, think on it,” Sam nodded, continuing to exit.
Cas flushed again, his heart racing.  “Please,” he whispered.
“Aw!  Aren’t you two so cute?”
The lamp was still on the lowest setting, that weird level that makes you blink several times until you adjust to it, and usually it’s not enough light so you turn it up a notch.  But even in the dim light, Cas was glowing.
“Uh, this is my brother, Dean, he’ll be here visiting for a while.”  He wasn’t sure why he felt the need to explain their life stories.  It could have been the eager look in their eyes.
Gabe grinned back at her, following Sam to a booth.  “Figured we better get in here before all the milkshakes were gone,” Gabe joked.
She nodded her head, looking like she felt incredibly guilty.
“That blows,” Gabe grimaced.
“Now that meant, ‘tell me more, how can this be? I love him and he loves me and let’s go kiss up in a tree!”
“And,” Cas added with a contrite grin, “no lady callers after eight.  And they can only go to the parlor.”
Marion came out of the bathroom, grinning at the crowd in her room.  Castiel watched her walk with concentration toward the table.  “Your rehab is going very well, Marion.  You are walking better everyday.”
They snorted little laughs and nodded in agreement.
“And now you are relocating with your brother.  That is quite different than not wanting to deal with life and running away from your family.  You can’t run away from your family if you are, in fact, bringing them with you.”
Father Murphy’s shrewd eyes skirted away as he drummed his thumbs on the table.
“And don’t take any of her snide comments to heart.  I swear she thinks I’m some sort of idiot.”
“What did you get?” asked Fletcher, peeking at all the things now laying on the table.
“Dean, Sam,” Cas said sternly, nipping the sibling antics before the two could get out of hand.  They ‘casually’ hurried to the Smith’s back door, he and Cas glancing in all directions as Sam unlocked the door, all of them on high alert as they piled inside.
Cas looked up at him from the top step, smiling about something Fletcher had just said.  His eyes were so blue and happy that it sucked the breath from Dean’s chest for a moment.  ‘I love him’, thundered in his head so loudly he worried for a split second that he hadn’t just said it.
Cas frowned, but quickly schooled his confusion when Deb answered the door, dabbing fresh tears from her cheeks.  Dean assumed they were fake tears.  Why else would a murderer be crying?
Cas’ low chuckle had nothing to do with the warm sunshine that ended as the smooth, blemish-free asphalt of Lily Dale Lane turned to roughly patched blacktop of Singer Lane.  The heat and light of the day were immediately cloaked by the thick canopy of trees on both sides of the road.  The hush of their active neighborhood was replaced with the light buzz of insects and the occasional bird, all of Charming Acres insulated away by the shady woods.
Cas released the skin he had been gently devouring and stared right into Dean’s startled eyes.  “You get whatever you want.  Do you know why?”
“Your dad’s?”  Sam and Dean had dreaded their one mandated weekend a month for as long as he could remember.  They always came home in terrible moods.  Sam butt heads with him all the time.  Dean had fought with him several times, almost ending their court-ordered visits several times.  Their dad was a drunk.  A mean one.  Castiel had met him a few times.  Neither he or Gabe were ever allowed to go there after one visit that had Gabe flashing back to his own abusive father and Castiel afraid of the man.
To say they had a proclivity to have sex in new places, was fact.  While they were discreet and clean about it, they both had a tendency to get hot and bothered over potential quickies in new places.  However, darts was a different game.  They only did it when there was no one home but them.  They would go up to the billiard room, blindfold one of them, pick a floor plan, throw a dart and went for it.
“I’ll be right back.”
“Fuck!” Dean gasped.
Gabe frowned in consternation, spotting Wayne Whittaker marching their way with a stern look on his face.
She was turning and heading to the dining room before she could see Cas’ jaw drop and his eyes roll.  Dean stifled a laugh.
Sheila, who had been sitting in her wheelchair in the hall, witnessing Cas get walked out, shook her head sadly.  “Poor Charles.”
“Still with us, Bobby?” Dean rasped, Sam checking the screen to see him peering back at both of them.
“No.  He said he has a thing for Gabe and told me he was sorry his brother was such a closed-minded Neanderthal.”
Dean had not moved.
“Good,” Cas said dryly.  “Ava and Jake got married.”
Sam’s eyes slid over to Fletcher, who raised his shoulders like he had no idea what his friend was talking about.
He watched as his neighbor, Olivia, pulled into her driveway, looking frazzled.  Sam, jogging up the sidewalk was watching her as well.  He stopped at the foot of their porch steps, breathing semi-heavy.  Gabe went down to meet him as Olivia went inside her house.
Dean chuckled a little harder.
Dean had an exquisite mouth.
“I can try to check it out,” he shrugged.  “Milkshakes?” He read next.
“This car is huge,” Cas grinned, stretching out comfortably in the passenger seat.
“Really?” Dean grinned.
“What the hell did he just say?” Dean scoffed.  “Virile my ass.”
“Sioux Falls has two exits.  Don’t take either of them.”
“No.  She had a mermaid friend named Nicky that lived in their pool, but she married Fletcher’s imaginary friend, Weems, and about a month ago the two left.  Got married and decided to move on to other kids that needed them.”
Cas:  I’ll be fine.
“You can’t fill his head with Harry Potter and Star Wars if the Smiths don’t want that,” Sam warned.  “Besides, you’ll just end up getting him in trouble.”
Bobby shook his head, his mustache bristling.  “I might as well tell someone,” he said to his friend.  “It’s all bound ta catch up with me at some point.”  He went on, eyes drifting back to the kitchen, “he started pounding on my mom and I jus couldn’t take it any more.  I got his rifle from the corner there, and...”
“Rude?” Gabe roared, snatching the jar from him, and yelled into it, “Fuckers fucking fucked up my husband’s fucking fingernail!”
Sam was looking quite thoughtful, not saying anything.  Castiel worried that maybe Sam would be judgmental of Gabe.  That would suck.  It could ruin friendships, which is partially why Castiel had never said anything.  To anyone.  Ever.
Fletcher glanced at Gabe, who gave him a nod, biting a grin, and followed the girl to the jukebox.
He followed his mom into the house where she made a straight beeline for the couch.  “I wanted such a better life for you!  I had hopes.  Such high hopes.”
“Oh, don’t be such a gloomy Gus!” Madge waved him off, pulling a sheet of cookies out of the oven, the kitchen filling with the smell of sugar cookies.
“We have a lion too,” Dean nodded.  “That doesn’t mean we take in the next bear or rhinoceros that bumbles into town.”
“Yeah.  I don’t get it.”
Cas grinned, kissing him.  “It’s forgiven.  I’m sorry too.”
“I believe it’s my turn to throw the dart,” Dean said low, sitting on the arm of the leather sectional.
They crept through the dining room with its pristine white table cloth and eight chairs perfectly in place, bar stocked and clean in the corner.
“No.  Does yours?”
Cas grinned at him much more confidently.  “And the shakes were good.”
“Hi,” Dean approached her with that stern look he could get whenever Krissy was staying with them.  “I’m Dean.”
