. There’s nothing funny about it, not at all, but Dean huffs out a laugh. And then another. And another. And then he’s laughing in a way he hasn’t done in years.
‘It’s fine,’ Dean says, tightly. He drinks more wine and adds, softer this time, ‘You did a good job with the bandaging.’
And sorry for the belated update - I’ve not been at all well, lately, but hopefully this chapter was worth the wait :) And, if everything goes to plan (i.e. I don’t get sick again), the final chapter will be up next week same time!
’S’fine.’ Dean swallows heavily and licks his lips. His chest presses against Castiel’s with each breath he takes. ’We could, uh, always go back up to bed?’
Dean flushes. ‘Right.’ He’d been pulling Cas’s pigtails, essentially. ‘But why didn’t she want to see you again?’
Castiel isn’t tired—he doesn’t weary the way humans do—but he feels the exertion all the same. He knows Dean feels it, too, if the stiffness in his gait is anything to go by.
Cas gets a hand in his hair, pulling him back to kiss his mouth. His other hand slides down Dean’s back, resting above the swell of his ass. A teasing touch.
‘Uh…’ Dean shifts his weight and glances along the beach. It isn’t deserted but it’s not busy, it’s why Dean chose this spot. It’s not the thought of someone seeing him that gives him pause, though. It’s just…he’s never done this. He’s never built sandcastles and normally, he’d throw himself into it but something holds him back. Maybe there
Dean smiles at him, wide and unfettered, and says, ‘You don’t have to say anything,’ and then he kisses Castiel again.
The urge to snap his wings away is so strong, but Dean has already seen them, now, so Castiel doesn’t bother. He stands with his arms crossed, meeting Dean’s gaze with a defiance he doesn’t entirely feel. ‘Knocking is pointless if you’re not going to wait to be invited in.’
That’s where Cas finds him, around dinner or maybe later, surprising Dean with a slightly burnt grilled cheese sandwich.
Sam rolls his eyes, but Dean can tell he doesn’t hate the idea—in fact, he looks a little wistful—and Eileen says, ‘I’m in,’ with a wide smile as she settles under the umbrella.
‘Well, I’m 42, and that’s the answer to the ultimate question, you think everything will just…’ He waves a hand. ‘Make sense?’ He adds a wink for good measure but Cas only tilts his head.
Castiel lifts his shoulders. He has no idea about these things. He can work the washing machine well enough, now, when Dean lets him, but that’s as far as his knowledge of cleaning clothes extends. He leans back against the sink, watching Dean. For a moment, he lets himself imagine that this is their home, that they do this every night. Not the wine spilling, but the rest.
Nice to get away… Castiel blinks. ‘Is this a vacation?’ He’s never been on vacation. He’s existed for eons
Cas makes small talk with the cashier and then they load up the cart with their bags and head outside. They make it to the car before Cas brings the topic of marriage up again.
‘No. This wasn’t destined or pre-ordained.’ Even with Chuck’s power over them gone, Castiel knows Dean still worries from time to time about what’s real, what’s not. ‘It just is. It’s just us.’
It’s nothing divine, nothing pre-ordained. Just the two of them, together at last, against the odds.
Outside, the sun is sinking, washing the parking lot in gold tones; the scent of exhaust and greasy food hangs in the air. ‘Wanna grab something to eat?’ Dean asks over Baby’s roof.
It tangles in Dean’s chest and he curses himself. He should have been looking out for Cas, trying harder to pin him down and make sure he’s been doing okay. After everything Cas has given up for him—
Castiel gives Dean a sad smile. He’d known, at the time, that losing him would be hard for Dean, but he had assumed Dean would move on, knowing it was for the greater good. It still shocks him, how much he’d underestimated Dean’s care—Dean’s love—for him. His need for him. ‘Has it really been six months?’
‘I know you said—’ Dean’s throat works, and his voice sounds like breaking glass. His eyes shine brighter in the light of the fire. He blinks a couple of times and then says, ‘I mean, I believe you, but…’
A wet shuddering breath escapes Dean. He shakes his head. ‘This was all I had left. The last time I had a body… But this time, this was it, and I needed
There’s another rumble beneath Dean’s cheek as Cas hums in what might be agreement. They fall into silence; Cas rests his hand in Dean’s hair, tentatively at first, then pushing through, fingertips massaging his scalp. A calm Dean rarely feels washes over him, and he’s halfway between asleep and awake when Cas speaks again.
The wrapping is a little lumpy and there’s a lot of tape on them but as Cas sets them in Dean’s lap, heat rises to Dean’s face and a weird wriggly feeling gets going somewhere behind his ribs. ‘Um…’
Castiel looks up into Dean’s fierce eyes. It takes his breath away, but then again, Dean always does.
Dean kicks Cas’s foot, earning him a glare, and says, ‘C’mon, talk to me.’ He swallows against the lump in his throat.
Dean had wondered, more than once, if Cas had had sex after the reaper chick, but didn’t want to ask. Didn’t want to know, to be honest. He still doesn’t. So, instead of asking how long, exactly, it’s been for Cas, he says, ‘Yeah, but you were an angel.’
‘Yeah, not my thing.’ Dean’s lips quirk. ‘I meant help with your back.’ When Cas only tilts his head, Dean nods at the bed and says, ‘Just…sit down.’
But even as good as it is, as safe as the warmth of Cas behind him makes him feel, he can’t seem to settle into a comfortable position. Maybe another night, but tonight it’s not what he needs.
‘Well, I’ve seen a lot of time travel movies, and I just realised that I probably shouldn’t tell you anything. What if I mess up the future?’
It takes a moment for the words to sink in, but when they do, Castiel can hardly believe them. Dean loves him—he
, I don’t understand why you would say everything you did before—’ Dean’s throat clicks. He sucks in a breath. Maybe he should stop, maybe he’s being unfair, but— ‘I thought they were true, those things you said. They made me feel like… Like I was a better person.’
‘Yes?’ Hope sparks in Castiel’s chest. Maybe he’s been wrong. Maybe Dean has been waiting for a sign from Castiel. Maybe he feels— Dean’s fingers snag Castiel’s feathers, and Castiel hisses in a breath.
That expression about being so quiet you could hear a pin drop? Dean’s pretty sure it’s true as he and Cas both fix equally questioning looks on Sam.
to a few days ago, in a way he’s never ever wanted to before. But he thought it would be easier. Why does everything have to be so damn complicated with them? He scrubs a hand through his hair and looks at Cas, who is just standing there, waiting, like he always does.
‘Yes, I just…’ Castiel’s brow furrows; he runs his hands up Dean’s spine, back down to settle on his ass. ‘I want to be closer.’
‘I don’t know…’ Dean considers how to explain without sounding like a total idiot. ‘Guess I thought it’d be, I don’t know, too intimate.’
‘Case?’ Dean looks up from where he’s rooting around in a cooler, brow furrowed. ‘Did you find a case?’
knew?’ Castiel quirks a brow. He’d been the one to suggest starting with the bedclothes, but Dean had been too eager to unpack everything else and make the house more of a home.
It’s the first time Dean’s thought about it and he can only say, ‘I don’t know.’ He doesn’t know what else to say, and he doesn’t know what Cas wants him to say, or if he wants Dean to say anything in particular. He shrugs. ‘I’ll probably get cabin fever soon enough, though.’
It’s still warm beneath the umbrella’s shade, so Dean reaches into the cooler, fishing around the ice that’s mostly water, and grabbing the last beer. He pops the cap off and hopes Sam remembers to bring more. It goes down bitter and cold and bracing. Dean looks around the beach as he drinks, taking everything in.
Castiel pushes himself up, so he’s slumped against the headboard, and takes the lube from Dean. ‘This is a big bottle.’
‘Shit, Cas,’ Dean says, catching him, ‘wouldn’t have asked if I knew it would take this much out of you.’
Irritation flickers in Dean’s chest; he can’t tell if it’s at Cas for being so damn stubborn, or at himself for making Cas feel like he can’t ask for help, or accept it when it’s offered. ‘Yeah, well, you can use these
Dean edges the door open, poking his head around. But Cas is only kneeling at the foot of his bed, wearing a tracksuit Dean is sure he hasn’t seen before. His face is flushed and his brows are furrowed, his mouth a thin line. He looks…disgruntled. Dean crosses his arms, propping his hip against the door frame. ‘You lose something down there?’
‘It’s weird, huh? I couldn’t even look at the closed door, and suddenly I stopped thinking about it. How I lost you here—’
The bed is a double, large enough for the breadth and length of their bodies, small enough that Castiel can feel heat crawling through the crisp cotton sheets from Dean and into him. He sucks in a deep breath, tries to ignore it, and how he can feel every movement Dean makes, and pulls the scratchy plaid blanket up to his chest.
Dean huffs. Now that his pulse has slowed, a new warmth spreads through him. Not the warmth of sleep, but something sweeter, tinged with the tiniest speck of regret. This is the first birthday he’s spent with Cas since Dean finally pulled his head out of his ass—after Cas was pulled out of the Empty—and spilled his guts right back the way he should have long ago. ‘Thanks,’ he says, not really sure what he’s thanking Cas for, but feeling like he should say it, anyway.
The sheets are tangled around Dean’s legs, twisted and stifling; he rolls onto his back, kicking them away. Then he turns onto his side, punching his pillow, and pulling the covers back up to his hips. The clock reads 2 am. He hasn’t had a minute of shut-eye.
Around lunch, Dean loses track of Cas, spends way too long looking for him, before he gives up and does a load of laundry, then he cleans and oils his guns. He texts Sam and texts Claire, too, but neither text him back soon enough to be a distraction. Jack texts back right away, so Dean keeps up a conversation with him in between chapters of
The desire withers, though, when Cas freezes, shoulders hunching as he turns to Dean. The murky light casts a halo around his head; his brows are furrowed, eyes wide beneath them. ‘Dean.’ He swallows, hands opening and closing at his sides.
The door opens and Jack waves, saying, ‘I need you to, um, see something. Both of you,’ then turns and heads down the hall.
They didn’t have a traditional home, even in Stanford. As children, their dad had lived by hopping from motel to motel, so that was what felt normal to the two. They’d gotten the next step up from that, though: a two-bedroom apartment. It wasn’t anything fancy, but they could cook and shit and sleep in different beds, so it was enough for them.
“I, um, I don’t know, Dean.” Sam stammered. Dean tilted his head and ran his tongue along his teeth in anger.
Sam watched Dean trying to slick his dirty blonde hair up just the right way, doing it and undoing it more than ten times in the mirror. He was wearing his best flannel, a red one, over a very tight black shirt with some jeans. Sam furrowed his eyebrows as he passed the bathroom again and saw his brother flashing himself cocky smiles.
“Dean, was it?” Castiel asked, voice gravelly, and Dean nodded. “I’m going to need you to sit here.” He pointed to one spot of many in the sparse front row, this one just left of center. Dean got up, bringing his pencil and paper with him, the smirk on his face not matching the situation he was in. Sam sighed. Dean had always had a problem with authority. Castiel spoke up again. “I trust you can be quiet so I can continue with my lecture?”
Sam looked back down at the blob and saw its face, that of a tired man with dark hair and a scruffy beard.
His older brother did follow, though he stopped every few minutes to admire some new aspect of the Stanford campus. They managed to reach the Religious Studies building in time, and the brothers burst into Mr. Novak’s room just as the man stood to begin class.
“Wait, Sam. I’ve got an idea.” Cas said tentatively. “You can’t tell any of the other students about this, you understand? But, I could give you an extra project as a test grade, you know, to raise your grade.”
Sam had scoffed and frowned deeply. “It’s Sam. And that’s not what you’re supposed to do, you know.”
They got back to the apartment, and Dean dropped his papers on the table and immediately realized he was almost late for work.
“Sam? Is this a dream?”He winced suddenly, and his hand went to the wound on the side of his neck, slowly trickling blood down his collar.
“He said he loved me!” Dean exclaimed, erupting into hysterical laughter. His laughs quickly died down, and he took another swig of beer, swallowing with difficulty. His eyes were reddening, filling with tears at the brim.
Sam Winchester was failing school. Okay, wait scratch that. He was failing (by about 8 points) one of his college classes. Saying it like that made it seem better, but it didn’t make him feel any better. What was worse, though, was his teacher was a stuck-up prick that didn’t make exceptions or even offer extra credit, so if he didn’t ace the next five tests, he might flunk out of his first course. Dean had been proud of him.
Dean pulled away and out of the hug violently, leaving Cas with an alarmed and confused expression as Dean grabbed onto his lapels and pulled him close again. “No, it’s not! Cas, I love you,” He yelled at him. Cas smiled and laughed. Of course Dean would tell him like this. Dean was ridiculous, and Cas loved him for it. “Why are you-” Cas cut him off by planting his lips briefly on Dean’s, a soft, affectionate kiss that rendered Dean silent. Cas turned away as heat rose in Dean’s cheeks.
Sam and Cas looked at each other, eyes wide. Cas opened his mouth and stumbled to find words to say. Sam turned to reply.
“No, I’m sorry, he just wanted some paper.” Sam said, laughing nervously. He handed his brother the paper and a pencil and growled, “Here, Dean.”
Jack Kline, son of Lucifer, was now the most powerful being on Earth. He told the Winchesters his plan, as people previously poofed out of existence milled about. He told them where they could find him, and they seemed to maybe understand. There was a pained look on Jack’s face, but he also seemed happy, or hopeful, or determined maybe. Dean watched him place his hand on his chest. He saw Sam, brows furrowed and eyes filled with tears. Jack raised his hand, the goofy greeting he gave everyone, and Dean realized he wasn’t greeting anyone.
Sam handed it over, rifling through his notebook for a few sheets of paper. It was only after he ripped them out that he realized the whole room had gone silent. He looked up to see Mr. Novak and a handful of the students staring at him.
“It was no problem.” He said. “Now, if you have some time, I’m going to need to ask you a favor.” Both of Castiel’s eyebrows raised. “Sammy here is having some trouble in your class, and, y’know, he needs some helping out. I’d really appreciate any opportunities you can give him to get some extra points, raise his grade.” Cas’s face was stony. “He’s told me how much he likes this class, he just gets overwhelmed with the workload. Anything you can do would be great.”
“Why does it seem to me like you don’t care? Wh- Do you not remember everything Cas has done for us, for humanity?” Sam raised his eyebrows and opened his mouth to respond, but Dean cut him off. “No, you don’t get to just forget about him like that. You- The woman you love just poofs into existence, and Cas-!” Dean slammed a fist on the table and hung his head.
‘Wouldn’t dream of it.’ Castiel smiles back, then presses another kiss to Dean’s mouth. ‘Anyway, I thought we were going to pick another date to celebrate.’
Dean snorts. ‘You better.’ He toes the dirt, ducking his gaze. ‘But if you feel weird about any of the couple stuff… We can tone it down around Sam and Jack. Or cool it completely. Whatever you want. I ain’t really big on PDA, anyway, but…’
‘Yes, we got beer.’ Sam holds up a six-pack, then steps past Dean, stooping beneath the umbrella to put the beer into the cooler, leaving one out for himself and passing one to Dean.
“Dean…” Sam tried to reach out a hand, to do something, to give some comfort. Dean turned away before he could, wiping at his nose. He stood and released a shaky breath. “I’m sorry.” Sam offered as Dean tried to walk away.
“Are you or are you not more powerful than the Empty?” Dean interrupted. He didn’t make eye contact.
Dean opened his mouth and shut it, like a fish. He raised his green eyes, filled with pain and pleading, to meet the golden ones of the new God. “You can’t do... anything?”
“Dean,” Sam hissed. “You’re not supposed to do that!” Dean took his hand out sheepishly, waved it in the air, and wiped it on his pants. Sam sighed. “ We’re almost late, get over here!” He ran a hand through his floppy chestnut-colored hair and started off again towards his class, not waiting to see if Dean was following.
Sam sat at the wooden table, beer in one hand, his head in the other. He was conflicted, sad confused. Eileen would be home soon, hopefully, but Dean… he didn’t get that relief. He hadn’t even gotten to return Cas’s feelings. Sam knew he did. Everyone could see the way they looked at each other, the way they talked about and cared for each other. He sighed and let his forehead fall to the cold wood of the table. What was he going to do about this?
“Shit, Sam, where are my keys? I gotta fuckin’ go!” Sam pointed to where the keys to his precious Impala were gripped in his fist, and he breathed a sigh of relief. “Okay, I gotta go, but don’t eat anything! I’m makin’ burgers tonight.” He said with a grin. He patted his pockets to make sure he had everything.
Cas thought for a second. “A PB and J. Oh, how I’ve missed food!” He strolled off to the kitchen, leaving Sam behind with Dean. The man wore a stupid grin as he followed Cas with his eyes.
Dean’s eyebrows raised. He quickly recovered, giving Castiel a wink and a coy grin. “Of course. Very interesting stuff, Novak.”
Stanford University was beautiful. The buildings were big, made of red and yellow brick, ivy often creeping up the sides. Dean admired the vast, green lawns as Sam speed walked to class. He spun around when he found that Dean wasn’t following him, and instead admiring an ornately decorated fountain spewing clear blue water.
“I’m joking, obviously. I’d murder him.” Dean held up his hands as Sam shot him another murderous look. “Okay, okay, I’ll seduce him, then. Fewest people get hurt.” Sam groaned, exasperated, and ignored his brother.
Dean gave Castiel an enthusiastic grin and a thumbs up, which the teacher eyeballed and decided to ignore, continuing with the lecture. A few minutes later, Dean elbowed Sam and muttered under his breath, “Separate us, like this is second grade.” He giggled to himself, eliciting a glare from Sam, and also one from Castiel that he didn’t see until he looked up. Almost the whole class was staring at him. Dean waved, and Sam groaned, burying his reddening face in his hands.
Castiel wasn’t worried. He wasn’t sad, wasn’t happy, wasn’t anything. He was asleep in a blackness and emptiness far from reality. The Empty was rather happy with this. That stupid angel that would do anything and everything for one also dumb human was finally asleep. The Empty could be at peace, and not have to listen to his whining. It snickered to itself. The poor human and his angel, torn apart at the moment they knew true happiness. How poetic, how hopeless.
“Why? Did you get pie?” He turned the corner, a grin on his face, which slipped entirely off at the first sight of Cas, now standing next to Sam in his trenchcoat, blue tie askew. Dean stepped forward on shaky legs, completely silent.
“Who do you think you are, you little fucker-” The Empty’s snarls were cut off by a gold-white flash, and Jack had disappeared with Castiel, the now-human. It screamed its rage into the void.
Castiel Novak (though he required his students to call him Mr. Novak) was Sam’s World Religions teacher, and he had a major stick up his ass. He’d gotten his degree a couple years ago, so most people thought he’d be one of those trying-too-hard-to-be-cool teachers, y’know, the kind who say “hip” a lot and assign a bunch of artistic projects? No, he didn’t seem to try and get kids to like him at all. His projects were a combination of a research paper, a philosophical study, multiple examples of the research topic, and a symbolic art piece with its own explanatory paper. Sam was smart, sure, but doing one of these every month for a semester? Even one was like torture and left him feeling braindead, not to mention the terrifying pop quizzes that came with them. Sam was more than a little frustrated with the man and his harsh policies and dumb projects.
“Jack…” Sam made a small, relieved noise. “Thank you. Thank you.” Jack smiled wider and raised his hand to wave goodbye before dissipating into silver-white light. The man on the table groaned and blinked ice-blue eyes. Castiel sat up on the hard table and turned, wide-eyed, to the taller Winchester brother.
“Jack, wait.” Dean heard his voice break, and he swallowed down the painful lump in his throat. He tried to rationalize with Jack. He wanted this so bad, he couldn’t let himself believe it would really happen. “I- I know you’re not hands on. You don’t want to be in the story. After Chuck, believe me, I get it, but please-” His voice cracked again. “Cas…” It hurt Dean to say, like it was taboo. Like remembering he died meant he’d never come back. “He did so much for you, Jack. He raised you. He was like a father to you. Please, he didn’t have to- to die.”
Dean could feel Sam looking at him. He knew all he would find in his face was pity, and in Jack’s too. Didn’t they miss Cas? Didn’t they know what he did for them? Well, actually… he made the ultimate sacrifice to save… Dean. He’d done it before. He’d told Dean he’d do it again, if he had to. Dean shook off this thought, remembering all he’d done for the others as well.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas said, his gruff voice unusually soft. Their eyes were locked on one another, disbelief in both of their faces. Dean approached and stopped awkwardly, his gaze falling to his feet.
Sam laughed breathlessly, a giant smile plastered on his face. “I’m Sam Winchester. Oh my God, Cas, it’s good to have you back.” The tall man pulled the other into a tight hug.
“I can’t fail!” Sam had exclaimed, head in his hands, trying somehow to not accept defeat. “If only Dad were here, he could, I don’t know, talk to him, make him give me some extra credit, something!”
“Thank you, Mr. Novak.” Sam said, leading Dean to sit next to him in his spot towards the middle of the lecture hall.
“The… staring.” Sam processed. He flushed pink. “Oh, he just, um, isn’t one for social cues. I’m sorry, Mr. Novak.” He turned to go.
“You can’t kill someone when they’re in the Empty, Jack. It’s the final destination!” The Empty gaped as it watched Cas’s throat glow white. Grace spilled in white waterfalls from the wound, and Cas opened his eyes, face confused.
They’d gone back to the bunker, to feign some sense of normalcy. It felt lonely, like when they had been alone in the world, but this time Jack was gone as well as Castiel, and their absence was felt. Dean sat at the table with a beer, Sam across from him, phone in hand. He was waiting for Eileen to get there from where she’d poofed into existence, just a few hours away.
“Jesus, don’t go getting all sappy on me, Sammy.” Dean said with a smirk, climbing into the driver’s side of the Impala. Sam scoffed and climbed into shotgun.
Jack furrowed his eyebrows and frowned. He sighed, smiled softly, and promptly dissolved into a silvery-white cloud of dust that quickly dissipated. Sam stood, looking concerned. Dean’s mouth hung open, his shoulders slumped forward in defeat.
“Well, I could do it for you.” Dean told him. Sam turned, face hopeful. “You should definitely look it over to make sure I don’t fuck it up, but I can do it. You’ve got a month, right?”
“You want me to talk to ‘im?” Dean asked. Sam looked up, hope written all over his face. “I could threaten to beat him up if he doesn’t pass my baby brother.”
“It’s an investigation into the Apocalypses of different religions, you know, Revelation, Armageddon, Ragnarok. But he said it had the same guidelines of any other project, so how is that supposed to help me at all?” Sam groaned, exasperated.
Castiel flinched from Sam’s furrowed eyebrows and puppy dog face. Reluctantly, he gave them a small nod.
Jack slit Cas’s throat with an angel blade. The Empty paused for a second before bursting into laughter.
“You,” It growled, taking on the form of Meg Masters so Jack could see it, face contorted with rage. “What do you want?”
“I know, but it’s all a part of the experience!” Dean said with a grin. “Speaking of the experience, have you been to a college party yet? You could totally invite me. Phew, I’d love to kick it with some college girls-”
Dean poked Sam in the arm and his brother shot him a glare. “Sam,” Dean whispered, “Could I have some paper? Oh, and a pencil?”
Dean sighed and took a swig of beer. “You know what happened. He sacrificed himself… for me!” He chuckled sadly. “And he told me how great I was the whole time, while he was preparing to make me the reason he was stuck in the Empty.”
“I don’t know, man,” Dean replied with a small groan. “It’s not like I’ve ever – ever flirted with a guy before.”
Satisfied, Dean nodded his head and Sam dropped his arms back to his sides with another pointed look.
With a last, ear-splitting screech, the creature lunged forwards and grasped Cas tightly in its talons. Dean immediately cried out, but had barely even begun to move before the creature threw itself through the bedroom wall, sending glass and debris in every direction, and carried Cas off into the night.
The first couple minutes of porn were always the same, whether it was gay, straight, lesbian, or anything in between – at least, in Dean’s experience. The couple got themselves situated on the bed, Bottom leaning over the Top for a hungry kiss, and Dean skipped forwards, telling himself he wasn’t interested in kissing. The video started to buffer again, and he let out a frustrated sigh, leaning back against his pillows to wait. His dick, still hard in his hand, twitched when he idly thought about kissing the
“Yes, I just have to pay,” Cas nodded, but when he turned back to the counter, he was met with fluttering eyelashes and a waving hand.
Only, distancing himself seemed to put Cas on edge, which he hated almost as much as Sam’s baleful expression. He spoke to Dean with increasing snippiness, and made a show of leaving a room whenever Dean entered it; his hurt gaze bore into Dean’s back, though Dean refused to reach out and sooth him like he might have done before this whole mess. They didn’t really touch at all, anymore, and Dean was quick to pull away if they did, lest Cas realise that the shame over what he had done was etched into every fibre of his being.
, but that’s about all he had the capacity for understanding. Castiel, however, seemed to know exactly what he was doing, if his grin was anything to go by.
“Hold still,” he murmured apologetically as Cas continued to gasp pitifully on the mattress. “I know it hurts, buddy, I know, but your grace leaks out faster when you’re moving.“
, with bright blue eyes and a kind smile. Ten years ago, he would have noticed immediately, turned the charm on, and got her back to his motel room faster than a dog with a bone. Hell, if she’d been game, he probably would have railed her against a tree – he’d had sex in weirder places.
“You take care of everyone around you – protect and cherish them with all that you are,” Castiel murmured, head cocked ever-so-slightly to the side. “Who takes care of you?”
Sam looked mightily amused, watching Dean struggle for words, and only stepped in to help when Cas frowned, eyes squinting in his usual, concerned way.
Dean just didn’t think about it – any of it. Whenever a stray thought popped into his head, mainly consisting of Castiel’s smooth skin or husky, sex-addled voice, he immediately shut it down and stuffed it into a little box in the back of his brain. It wasn’t one of his healthiest coping mechanisms, he knew, but definitely the most effective.
“Not the house, exactly,” Cas admitted, but his expression was one of grim satisfaction when he pulled up the last article. “This one is dated only a couple of weeks ago. Laura Danes was drunk driving when she lost control of her vehicle and crashed through the local cemetery. As well as being charged with a DUI, she was also charged with property damage when her car destroyed a number of graves – one of which belonged to a Miss Gloria Brown, who –“
Cas looked like he was steeling himself, puffing his chest up as though preparing for battle, and nodded his head decidedly. He shouldn’t have looked as adorable as he did.
The house loomed, creaky and imposing, ahead of them, and it only took ten minutes of wading through long grass and brush to reach it. They circled the whole property once, taking in the chipped paint and cracked windows, but found nothing especially interesting on the outside.
“Agent Morello, FBI,” he stated, and the officer immediately stopped in her tracks. “Here to speak with the sheriff.”
Cas had longer fingers than him, he thought out of nowhere. He’d be able to reach a little deeper, open Dean up a little further. Would he use his tongue, too? Dean had only ever seen it dart out to lick plump, chapped lips in person, but he let his mind drift to what else it might be able to reach.
“Sure,” Dean replied with a jerk of his head. He definitely had a headache. “If you’re not interested in whatever that person is proposing –“
Dean hummed in agreement and peered down at where the log had split. The wood was cracked, fissures of singed wood etched deep into its body. A quick glance at the stump it had fallen from offered the same results.
“Now you listen to me, boy,” John had growled, reaching for Dean’s shirt again so he could pull him forwards, right into his space. “No son of mine – you are
“It’s just an expression!” Dean squeaked, lightning fast. “I don’t care if you’re promised the best sex of your life –
“Okay, okay,” Lilah announced, holding her drink high above her head. She’d had an almost shark-like grin on her face as she exclaimed, “I dare you to kiss Drew.”
“Right,” Bobby had nodded, a smile ticking up the corners of his mouth. “That work in the ‘shop will keep.”
Not strictly true, but Cas didn’t need to know that. In fact, in light of his recent revelation, Dean realised he might have actually been flirting with a lot of guys over the years without even realising it, which was… well, it was a panic attack for another day, he decided faintly.
“I’m fine, Dean,” Sam replied, though he was well-versed in this particular ritual by now, so, with a sigh, he raised his arms above his head and gave Dean a pointed look. “See?”
. His ass clenched sharply again, unexpectedly, around his finger, and he couldn’t help the moan that fell from his lips.
“Dean,” Cas cut him off, and Dean clapped his mouth shut with a thankful sigh. He held his breath for just a moment, worried that Cas would say something he wouldn’t have a sensible answer to, but after a long moment he just sighed heavily and continued, “So… the case?”
Silence settles between them, then, broken only by the sounds of nature, until Dean says, ‘I just… I wanted it to be the two of us.’
‘It can wait, I think it’s going to—‘ The skies open up, rain pouring down on them; Dean’s shoulders drop. ‘Rain,’ he finishes.
Dean makes a choked noise. Somehow, this is more embarrassing than Cas’s earnest questions and frank talk about sex. Often when they’re in the middle of it. But it’s Cas, so he says, ‘Well, I guess I do like sleeping more on my stomach.’
‘There is… I don’t want this to be over yet.’ Castiel sucks in a wet, shuddering breath. ‘And I want to touch you, too. I want to make you feel good.’
; Cas kisses like a starving man, and Dean knows he wants this just as much as he does. Dean presses his lips to the hinge of Cas’s jaw, then trails his mouth down his gorgeous neck, stopping to suck a kiss to the hollow of his throat. It’s even better than he’d imagined it would be, and Cas makes these sexy little noises that shoot right through Dean.
Cas makes an amused noise and says, ’Humans are strange,’ pulling Dean closer. ‘And you’re one of the strangest.’
‘It looks awesome.’ Dean claps a hand on Jack’s shoulder and squeezes. He looks around, heart stuttering as the four people he loves the most smile back at him, wearing dumb cardboard party hats, and he clears his throat and looks over to the food table instead. There are mini burgers and hot dogs and there’s pie and even a large, lopsided birthday cake with his name on it. His chest squeezes tight. Fuck. ‘So, this is what you’ve been planning all week, huh?’
“Nah, come on – try it again,” he offered, moving forwards to place the cue ball back where it had been pre-mishap. “Your posture was all wrong. Come on, let me teach you.”
“It’s got Cas!” Dean forced out again, gritting his teeth. His chest was starting to hurt again. “I just tried to call him and that – that
That earned him a particularly delicious squeeze of her hand and a filthy kiss that he felt right down to his toes.
, Dean had finally found out after almost convincing himself not to show up, being Emmie and Drew. They were a ragtag little bunch – not sporty enough to be popular, or smart enough to be considered geeks, but somewhere in between that meant almost everybody left them to their own devices. Dean had immediately felt like part of the group – and really, with hindsight, that had been the beginning of the end for him.
With that, he shifted a little further away, only to tap his foot to the inside of Cas’s. Cas caught on with a small hum, and quickly moved his legs further apart.
“the Impundulu are also called Lightning Birds,” Sam told him, and Dean’s breath caught in his throat. “They’re immeasurably powerful; the lore suggests the beating of their wings can create thunder, and they shoot lightning from their talons.”
Dean was through the parking lot and halfway into the field beyond, sight locked on the house in the distance, before he realised that he was panicking. With a great, shuddering breath, he forced himself to stop, to
“This is where it was proposed the shopping development would be built,” he explained, and quickly flicked back to the articles. “Now read the address of the graffiti and attempted burglary cases.”
When Dean was 14 years old, John had dropped him and Sammy off at Bobby’s house and disappeared on a hunt for close to three months. Dean had begged to go with him, had been on hunts before and was desperate to prove himself further, but John had simply dragged him from the car by the scruff of his neck and deposited him on Bobby’s porch before driving away without a word.
More than anything, he just wanted things to go back to the way they had been before he’d found the damn thing – back when he’d thought Cas was basically a virgin, and he had to flick back to naked girls to be able to come. Back when he was having
“Good,” he managed, and had to swallow a couple of times before he moved closer again. “Now, your eyes want to be on where the ball is going, not on the cue. You line it up right, it’ll hit the ball no matter what.”
“Actually, do you think I have time for a shower?” Cas asked, a blush creeping back up his neck. “I’m a little –“
Cas shrugged, but his lips ticked up at the corners as he replied, “This is a small town, Dean. I expect they thought that was rather exciting.”
Dean had done nothing. He’d readjusted the popcorn so it balanced on Drew’s legs, taken another (cautious) sip of the beer, and had passed it back. The movie started to play, but he hadn’t really been paying attention – too caught up in the weight of Drew’s legs across his own, and how unusually good it felt. Two hours passed in a blur, the two of them exchanging the occasional quip as they passed the beer back and forth between them, and Dean had found himself somewhat bereft when the doorbell finally rang and Drew disappeared to let the girls in.
“I thought that’s just how you spent most of your free time,” Sam replied without missing a beat, but something in Dean’s crazed expression must have made him pause, because he actually glanced down at the screen instead of jibing further. “
Dean swallowed a sharp intake of breath, glad that Cas couldn’t see the way that his cheeks were heating up. He had to clear his throat to steady his voice before replying, “You, um… you’re with company. I didn’t – sorry, I can call you back –“
There were no lights on in the house; that, he could be sure of. The thought of Cas, alone and enchanted in the dark, made his stomach twist painfully, and he swallowed back the bile that was threatening to rise in his throat. That thought was enough to spur him into motion, and he moved quickly towards the Impala. It was simple enough to open the trunk one handed, and he immediately started rifling through the various weapons stashed inside with his phone still pressed to his ear.
, and Dean found himself staring at the handwriting for a second, struck dumb by just what he was seeing.
“The drive is not the same as for humans, I admit,” Cas tilted his head to the side again, lips slightly pursed. “But… it’s hard to explain. At the time, I enjoyed sleeping with April immeasurably. The act itself was… miraculous isn’t the word, but it’s close, I suppose. But she used me, at my most vulnerable, and it soiled the whole experience. I simply… wanted to experience the pleasure without the betrayal.”
They crouched beside the body, Davis and Paxton watching on with concerned eyes, and Dean held his hand out for the paramedic’s gloves. He produced a second pair from another pocket, along with a small pair of scissors.
And then one of the guys on the video moaned, pitched low in his chest, and Dean’s eyes flicked, unbidden, to the screen. They were both very tanned, he noticed first. Mostly hairless, too.
A few feet down the track they were met with an incline, and Dean was man enough to accept Paxton’s hand when she held it out to pull him up the slope. The path was a little muddy from heavy use, and his shoes were already ruined – he didn’t want to add a dirty monkey suit to it when he invariably ended up on his ass.
“So that’s seven sentient birds with a taste for blood and no witch to bind them,” Sam grimaced again. “That’s –“
“You’re going for number six, right? The green one?” he asked quietly, and Cas nodded his head. “Okay, you wanna look over it to where you want it to go. Middle pocket?”
“Drink,” he repeated, and Castiel did as he was told, popping the pills into his mouth and chugging the water afterwards.
Forcing himself to take deep breaths, dick heavy and suddenly forgotten between his legs, he squirted a dollop of moisturiser into his hand and rubbed it around, letting it coat his fingers. Then, with a furtive glance, he raised one leg and balanced it on the lip of the tub, opening himself up to…
Spreading his knees for better balance, he leaned forwards and pressed his free hand against the tiled wall, head tucked down to shelter his eyes from the spray of water. He let his mind drift, slowly stroking himself all the while, to the conversation he’d had with Cas. It was easy to picture him, confused and horny, craving the closeness of another person in whatever form he could get it. Would the confusion make him aggressive? Rough? His mind flitted back to the video, and the contentment that seemed to have settled over Cas’s frame as he’d buried his face between that guy’s –
“Rest,” Cas murmured, hand a soothing anchor in Dean’s hair. “You’re exhausted. I can continue our research for a few hours while you sleep.”
And, of course, because Dean’s life was just awful, that was the exact moment their waitress appeared with Dean’s stack of pancakes. She stared at them for a moment, plate half outstretched, whatever pleasantries that had been almost out of her mouth caught in her throat.
“You were driving me nuts!” Sam defended, and Dean had to thunk his head back against his headrest lest he say something he couldn’t take back. “You’ve been acting weird ever since you found that stupid video, and Cas was doing that scrunched up face he makes when he’s sad and trying to hide it, and you are both
With one last, deep breath, he opened the door and stepped out of the bathroom. Steam followed him out, momentarily cloaking him in a blanket of warmth, but it soon dissipated as he wandered further out into the dark bedroom.
No, not empty – everything was still in its place – but the room was definitely void of any other living creatures. The only evidence that the space had been touched at all since he’d last been there were a number of lit candles that had been placed on the bench against the back wall. Stepping down from the last, shadowy stair, Dean moved silently across the room to the workstation. He felt the heat of the candles wash across his face the closer he got, head ducking down as he tried to remember what he had found there before. Whatever it had been, he knew it wasn’t what was sitting there now.
Pump forgotten in the neck of Baby’s tank, Dean found himself moving towards the store before he’d made the conscious decision to do so. Not really sure what he was doing, he yanked the door open, ignoring the irritating little bell that chimed above his head, and made a beeline for Cas.
Cas was looking at him like he’d grown a second head – which… was probably fair. Even Dean was struggling with his flip-flopping emotions, so he could only imagine what Cas must think; hell, only last night he’d snapped at him for messaging some guy, and now he was actively pushing Cas towards one?
“Unexpected?” the girl finished for him, and all he could do was nod and stare up at the ceiling. “Well, I’m sure you’ll find a way to repay me.”
Dean took another moment to just glance over Castiel’s back. His skin was smooth, pale, and looked majorly unharmed apart from the puncture wounds. Without really thinking, he ran a soothing hand from the top of Cas’s spine round to his shoulder; a line of goosepimples followed his touch.
Before getting up, Dean dared to drop a kiss on Castiel’s forehead. The angel hummed in content, and Dean smiled against his skin. Then, with no small regret, he pulled away and got back to work.
that Dean sometimes had trouble reconciling him with his bag-of-dicks brethren. He had been misguided before, and was likely to be at some point again, but his heart – his loyal, loving heart – was always in the right place. It was always with them. Dean didn’t know quite what they had done to deserve Cas’s unyielding devotion, only that his life had been irrevocably changed for the better since having met him.
Cas hummed again, low in his throat, and Dean barely supressed the pleasant shudder that was trying to wrack his body.
Something in his expression must have revealed his indignation, however, because Sasha (Shannon?) was quick to add, “But we don’t have to do anything that would make you uncomfortable.”
He’d inserted the tape and settled himself on the plush couch, fast-forwarding through the ads, by the time Drew appeared again. He’d had a bowl of popcorn under one arm, and was juggling an assortment of alcohol bottles in the other. The popcorn had been handed directly to Dean, who instantly crammed a handful into his mouth, and he watched as Drew seemed to ponder over the drinks for a moment, before selecting a beer and twisting the cap off. He took a long pull, head tilted back to show the long line of his neck, before he’d passed it over to Dean.
“Another -?” Cas started, and then sighed. “I suppose it’s in the same excellent condition as the ones here?”
St. James, Missouri was a last-ditch effort at civilisation before the road hit miles and miles of national park. A spattering of houses nestled firmly into the grassy landscape, sliced in two by a withered high-street with a gas station at each end. It boasted a winery and golf course, obviously to lure nature tourists into using the town as a base, but as they drove down the high-street, the place seemed pretty empty in the dying light.
There was a quiet pause from Sam, before he asked, “Is that what I think it is? Please tell me you’re not gonna torch everything?”
Dean liked it. Liked Drew. He made him feel calm, safe, and not alone. His smile was infectious, his sense of humour wicked, and Dean hadn’t been able to believe his luck, that he could call him his friend. Hell, that he could call
“Fuck,” Dean barely heard himself shout, petrified, as the creature continued to change – as skin began to melt and feathers grew in its place, as bones snapped and reformed from arms and legs into wings and yet more talons. All the while, the creature screamed, though whether for its dead young or agony from its transformation, Dean had no clue.
The entrance was small, facing away from the path, and would have been easy to miss if he hadn’t been looking. It was big enough to just about fit a person if they were prepared to crouch and suck in their gut, and as he peered into the darkness, he realised it went down further than he could see.
He couldn’t ignore the fluttering in his chest that stopped him from opening the bathroom door, though, and had to take a moment, eyes closed, to remind himself how to breathe.
“Okay, Sam, I – I gotta go get Cas,” he started quickly, already forcing himself to move back towards the door. “We gotta destroy the eggs, right? And then – shit, how do we kill one of these things?”
,” Lilah had cackled, and then, wiping her eyes in a practised motion that meant her makeup wouldn’t smudge, she’d rounded on Dean. “Okay, Dean-o, your turn. Truth or dare?”
He was still perched on the end of the bed, hunched over his makeshift research station, with a phone pressed to his ear. Dean couldn’t quite tell who he was speaking to, but he was using the
His hands were still shaking when he forced himself into a sitting position, back resting against the side of the car, but he didn’t quite feel like his gut was going to revolt at any second any longer. After a deep breath, and then another, he dragged himself back into the car, stooping only to fish the miraculously still-intact egg out of the footwell before slamming the door behind him. His shaking hands fought with the glove compartment, and he managed to get it open long enough to cram the egg inside beside the Colt and a half-eaten cheeseburger that he couldn’t remember having put there.
“I’m not… angry,” Dean disagreed, though it sounded weak even in his own ears. “I just… up until an hour ago I didn’t think you had sex
“Humans are very transparent when it comes to their pleasure. Their walls fall away at the slightest touch. It’s incredible to watch – to be a part of,” Cas replied earnestly. “Besides, our line of work hardly spares time for anything of more substance. I know you aren’t this dense, Dean.”
A heavy thump echoed from above, shocking him to an immediate standstill with his breath caught in his throat; his grip on the flamethrower tightened instinctively, one hand silently digging through his numerous pockets for the lighter he knew he kept somewhere within. When his fingers clamped around it and drew it from his jeans, only then did he begin to stalk towards the stairs. The sound didn’t come again, and he couldn’t hear anything else as he teased the first stair with his boot before stepping up, but that wasn’t necessarily a good thing. Hell, after what he’d found in the basement, the sound of Cas struggling would have been a balm on his soul.
There was no food in the cupboards and the fridge was turned off. The lights, when Cas flicked the switch by the door, spluttered for a moment, but eventually came on overhead. A small table with two chairs was tucked into one corner, and Dean idly ran his hand over the wood; it came away completely clean.
drive to pass some time, it was to find Dean and Castiel soundly asleep, curled together under the covers of Dean’s bed.
None of the others had said anything as John had strode forwards and grabbed him by the front of his shirt, their eyes wide and terrified at the imposing figure he made. Dean had flinched, sure he had known what was about to come, but John had simply dragged him from the garden by his shirt without a word. The last thing Dean saw before the Impala’s door was slammed behind him was Drew’s terrified expression peering at him from the front door.
Cas was allowed to blow off a little steam – it wasn’t exactly like Sam and Dean were saints when it came to casual relationships, after all – but Dean was having a whole lot of trouble wrapping his head around the fact that Cas blew off steam
He’d killed werewolves, for God’s sake – he’d helped his Dad take down shapeshifters, and ghosts, and all manner of spooky shit – so why had the idea of getting out of the car made him feel so nervous? Why was the idea of a group of teenagers more anxiety-inducing than a nest of vampires? Bobby had been able to see the fear in him, he knew, and he hadn’t been able to help but flush in embarrassment. What was
He was a fucking disaster of a human being. Thank God Cas either hadn’t noticed, or was too kind to say anything, because he instead just smiled brightly and then turned away, heading over to the gorgeous guy at the bar. Dean tried to look nonchalant as he cleared their game away, but his chest was starting to hurt, and he really didn’t want to have to look over at how it was going.
Dean smiled back at him, immeasurably relieved, but when he reached back to start on his burger, he realised, with a juddering start, that their hands were still entwined. They were… shit, they were
The wardrobe was empty, and there were no hex bags under his bed, either. He scanned the room, feeling insane, and then dropped heavily back onto the end of his bed. The video was still playing, and he paused it, decidedly
“Just means they can’t rule out the idea they were drained after they were killed,” Dean explained, and ignored the horrified expression on both Davis’s and Paxton’s faces. “Any info in those reports about samples taken from their clothes? Traces of river water? Because the body I’m looking at right now is bone dry.”
“I love it out here,” Paxton murmured, almost as though she had been reading his mind. “The campsite’s always busy, even out of season, but out here? You could go a full day and not see another soul. It’s peaceful.”
Dean stared at the chocolate syrup oozing from his pancakes, and then gingerly pushed the plate away from him. “Please don’t make me have this conversation with you in such a public place.”
thing Dean wanted; Cas must have realised the same thing, because he glanced down with a deep frown when he caught whatever emotions must have been playing out across Dean’s face.
“Well, maybe if you didn’t sleep ‘til noon every day you might start to notice a little more of what goes on around here,” Sam rolled his eyes.
Cas looked taken aback for a moment, but didn’t let go of Dean’s hand. Bolstered by that, he pulled Cas over to the table, and only let go when he had to put his beer down and pull down a couple of cues from the wall. He missed the warmth immediately.
when he spotted Dean. All traces of heat evaporated from his expression immediately, and that… Dean wasn’t stung by that realisation.
The body had been moved into the back of an ambulance in his absence, and the forensic tent had been erected in its place. Campers were beginning to gather by the police tape, quite possibly alerted to what had happened by Dean’s sniffing around. He refused to feel bad about that – it wasn’t his job to wrangle nosy civilians away from crime scenes.
The coloured lights in the beer kegs suspended above them wash the room in a soft glow, mingling with the illumination of the television as Cas turns it on. His lips twitch, and his eyes raise, but he starts scrolling through Netflix. ‘Oh,’ he says, ‘Charlie told me about this one. I always meant to watch it.’
I probably didn’t need to split this up, but I’ve been feeling  super overwhelmed about everything lately and it was just easier for me to handle this way! (Plus, I’m impatient and wanted to start posting as I’ve been working on this for a few months, now)
The thought roils in Dean’s gut, and he’s hit all over again with how much Cas has given up for him over the years. ‘That…sucks.’ It’s a pathetic thing to say, but Dean doesn’t have words to express what he feels, right now. He moves his hands down, easing along Cas’s spine, ignoring the guilt still churning away.
And Dean can’t help himself, he grins, then, shaking his head. Fuck but he lov— He clears his throat, face warming, and says, ‘You gonna get in, or what?’
—but Dean is distracted. More than once, he’s flipped the wrong character down, only to realise a moment later.
‘Not too fast,’ Cas says against Dean’s mouth, then he’s kissing him again. It’s slow and hot and his tongue swipes over Dean’s bottom lip. Dean opens his mouth and their tongues slide together.
‘Good.’ Dean clears his throat, running a hand through his hair. Castiel feels like there’s still something he’ missing, something Dean isn’t saying, but before he can ask what it is, Dean says, ‘Are you Anita?’
Dreaming is still so new to Castiel, so strange and disturbing. But then there is the sound of footsteps padding up the stairs, and then Dean appears, looking beautiful and
For all their touches over the years, casual or otherwise, there is something in this gesture that speaks of a shift between them. Maybe Dean doesn’t have to say it. Maybe Cas
‘It was easier to just show the shadows,’ Castiel admits, ‘but now it’s easier to leave them like this.’
‘Oh. Good.’ Dean huffs, eyes crinkling and the corners of his mouth ticking up. He looks at Castiel’s wings a moment longer, then back to Castiel’s face. There is a determined look in his eyes as he gets up on his knees, shuffling closer to Castiel. He takes Castiel’s face in his hands, thumbs stroking over his cheeks, and then he leans in and they’re kissing.
‘Yeah, well,’ Dean says, ‘thanks, I guess.’ He shakes his head and adds, ‘I’m gonna finish unloading this stuff,’ nodding at the cooler, ‘why don’t you put your feet up?’
Dean lifts his shoulders and crosses his arms over his stomach. ‘Yeah, well, thought it’d be nice to get away from it all. You know, after everything.’
‘Yeah, but… I don’t know, I just have a feeling, Dean,’ Sam says. ‘I think he should erase our memories. Can you do that, Jack?’
‘Your nurse?’ There’s an edge to Cas’s voice that’s a little amused, a little…something else. ‘I thought you preferred doctors.’
Castiel bites kisses into the soft skin, from the juncture of his shoulder, to just under his jaw, trailing softer ones over Dean’s chin until he finally captures his mouth again.
A wave of ecstasy rolls through Castiel. It’s not like when they make love, that sends him soaring, yes, but it’s earthy, too. Grounded. This is like nothing he’s ever felt. Not better. Just different.
Dean snorts, but when Cas eases back, Dean goes with him, hands folded over Cas’s where they rest on his stomach.
And that shouldn’t sting like it does, hearing Cas say that. Not that Dean has any interest in who Cas does, or doesn’t, want to have “relations” with. And who even says relations? God, Cas is such a dork. Dorky and weird and weirdly adorable. Weirdly dorky.
Dean opens his eyes; his heart feels too big for his chest. There’s so much to say and he doesn’t know where to start, so he opens his mouth and hopes he can find something like the right words:
The earnestness would almost embarrass Dean if Jack wasn’t so damn sweet about it. Dean swallows the last mouthful of beer, and says, ‘Then…I guess it’s a damn fine castle.’
Thanks for reading! :D I’ve had a…really not great week, on a personal level, but I got this done! So…huzzah for that, at least. If you catch any typos, weird formatting issues, etc., please do feel free to let me know - I always go back and edit small things when I catch them :)
Silence settles over them. The popping of the corn has slowed, and the scent has a hint of burnt about it, now. Cas squeezes Dean’s hand, once, then slips his hand away. ‘The popcorn is burning,’ he murmurs, pushing off the counter, and Dean is left adrift again.
The betrayal cuts deep. Maybe Dean should have seen it coming. But Cas is a friend. No, more than a friend. He’s
It makes Dean wonder, so he asks, ‘You don’t wanna turn ‘em out? It’s pretty bright,’ careful to keep any suspicion out of his voice.
The water is warm and, though Cas had healed him of the worst injury, it soothes the aches he always carries with him. He lets out a low groan as he sinks down, the chemical floral scent of the bubble bath filling his nose. The tub is, thankfully, big enough he can stretch his legs out, sink into the water and let it hold him. It’s pretty damn nice, and Dean could get used to this.
‘Then let’s find out.’ Before Cas can respond, Dean pushes at his shoulder until Cas is lying on his side. Dean settles behind him and throws an arm around his waist, pressing his face to the back of Cas’s neck. He’s warm and solid in Dean’s embrace and he smells good. It’s just the scent of skin and the faint hint of soap, but it’s comforting.
Without thinking, Castiel rests his hand there—to calm Dean, or to stop it for his own sake, he doesn’t know. It’s not until his hand is curled around the shape of Dean’s knee, soft denim against his palm, that he realises what he’s done. He’s about to pull away when Dean rests his hand on top of Castiel’s. It’s only a moment, and Dean isn’t looking at him, but it sends a shock up Castiel’s arm.
Maybe it’s not enough. Because Cas fixes Sam and breaks himself, like it’s his penance. Talk about a sucker punch.
When they do, Dean smacks his lips, rubbing his hands over his stomach, and leans back with a satisfied moan. It makes Castiel’s heart swell to see Dean so content.
And if that doesn’t just about break Dean’s heart. ‘OK.’ Screw it. If he can’t talk about cuddling with his boyfriend/partner/lover/
The driver’s side door opens and closes, and then the trunk, and then there is the heavy crunch of boots on twigs as Dean passes by saying, ‘You gonna help me with this stuff, or make eyes at the trees all day?’
There’s movement over Jack’s shoulder; Cas has walked in, hands sunk into the pockets of his—Dean’s—jeans, one shoulder of his ridiculous grandpa cardigan slipping down. He pauses when he sees Jack and Dean.
‘Yeah, yeah, I know I ain’t the best at this,’ Dean says, answering Cas’s unasked question, ‘but if it’ll help. You know, ease your troubled mind, or something.’
Inside, Castiel is a jumble of emotions—hope, anxiety, and a healthy dose of bewilderment—but outside he tries to remain calm for Dean’s sake. ‘Yes?’
A strangled sound escapes Castiel when Dean sucks a kiss to the hollow of his throat; he had no idea that would feel good.
Castiel’s grace burns bright, channelling through his hand and into Dean’s skin. Branding him again. Claiming him. Something in Dean calls to Castiel’s grace, welcomes it home. It’s his soul.
Dean pushes the door open, making a mental note to oil the hinges as it creaks, and steps inside. It’s a little cooler in here, and as sparse as it ever was. There’s the bed, the desk—a photo of Jack pinned above it, one of Dean, Cas and Sam next to it—Cas’s trench coat slung over the chair. One small succulent, Dean doesn’t know the name of, sits by the lamp on the nightstand.
It doesn’t take long to debate the merits of lying here stone-cold sober and wide awake versus seeking out some booze and drinking himself to sleep. He swings out of bed and shuffles down the hall, back stiff and knees cracking. Light spills out from under Cas’s door, and Dean stops, taking a step toward the room. He could try to talk to Cas again, sort things out between them before they get worse. Or, he could get as drunk as it’s possible for him to get.
Having Dean so close makes Castiel’s brain muzzy, and it takes him a moment to say, ‘Straighten any crooked feathers, and you can pluck out the loose ones.’
All the pent up feelings—passion, love, hope, despair—explode out of Dean when he gets Cas back from the empty, determined to keep him this time. Cas, for his part, is surprised—of course he is, the stupid bastard, thinking he’s unlovable—but easily catches up. He has enough pent up feelings of his own, after all.
But Cas says, ‘I won’t,’ his hands fitted to Dean’s shoulder blades, ‘I won’t,’ and Dean believes him.
They don’t talk about what happens when they leave the cabin and go back to the bunker, the real world. Castiel isn’t sure if it’s because there’s nothing to talk about, or because there’s too much to say.
‘I—’ Cas frowns, but it soon gives way to a small, sheepish smile. ‘Sorry. I wanted to make sure I was awake before you. But you know how I am in the mornings, so I had…several cups of coffee.’
Dean swallows thickly. ‘If you want a jacket, I’ll get you a different one.’ He moves toward his closet, but Cas grips his wrist, stopping him.
And then Dean sets to work, and Castiel finds his voice caught in his throat. It’s not as though Dean has never touched him, but a ‘well done, pal’ clap on the back or a hug on the brink of death is different from this. Castiel has never been touched like this. Not by Dean, not by anyone.
And, yeah, okay, that’s fair. Dean got to hear Cas pour his heart out, so now it’s his turn, right? Heck, he was
and almost trips down the stairs in his haste. He takes them three at a time, spilling into the main room of the cabin, all senses on high alert.
‘No problem.’ Dean watches Cas walk toward the kitchen door from the corner of his eye, then says, ‘Hey, Cas.’
Cas stares at Dean silently for so long that Dean wonders if Cas had heard him, but then Cas says, ‘No, I…I think I’d like to stay here. For now.’
No one says anything about how he’d run out minutes ago, but Sam gives him a look that asks if he’s good and Dean gives him a small nod, before he makes his way back to Claire to thank her properly for the gift.
Nothing shatters. The world doesn’t end. There is only Cas, who blinks at him, lips parted in shock, eyes glittering. ‘You— I didn’t know.’
Dean scratches his head. Heck, Cas could just be rearranging his furniture or something. Screw it. ‘Cas, you OK in there?’ Dean asks as he knocks.
‘What?’ Dean shrugs. ‘I’m not gonna remember, so why ask anything important?’ And this isn’t important, Dean’s just curious. That’s all.
Castiel grunts. His arm is slung over Dean’s waist, so he tightens his hold, pulling Dean closer. He lets his hand drift until it’s resting at the small of Dean’s back, fingers teasing the swell of his ass.
It’s not until later, when the groceries are put away, and they settle in to watch their nightly movie—tonight it’s
Damn, where did Cas learn to kiss like this? On second thought, Dean doesn’t want to know. A few minutes ago, he’d been excited to share a bed with Cas at all, not sure if Cas would want to take things slow, or not. He’d only wanted Cas in his room with him.
Hope wells up in Castiel’s chest, filling him; it’s almost overwhelming, but he reaches out, stopping short of touching Dean, and says, ‘Told me what?’
‘And then we’ll go to your room, and I’ll lay you out on your bed and open you up with my mouth and hands until you’re begging for me.’
Dean’s eyes clear. ‘Yeah,’ he says, chewing on his lip. ‘I just…really wanted this whole thing to be perfect for you.’
him. He shakes his head and says, ‘It’s not funny.’ It’s cute, is what it is. Sweet. He doesn’t know why he can’t tell Cas that but baby steps, right?
Dean pauses in the doorway, staring at Castiel with his mouth slack and an unfathomable look in his eyes. He blinks and says, ‘Wow, uh, sorry, I didn’t know…’ a strange tone to his voice.
Aftershocks shudder through him, way too intense for a hand job, and Cas is kissing him and murmuring in his ear, and it’s another cliché, but it’s never been like this. When he comes back to himself, he realises Cas’s dick is still hard against his back; Dean may be many things, but he’s not a selfish lover, so he says, ‘What about you?’
Cas raises his brows in Jack’s direction and Dean flushes a little. Dean rubs the back of his neck and shrugs. ‘Sorry,’ he murmurs.
It makes a twisted kind of sense that Dean would feel pure in Purgatory. Distilled. One hundred percent grade A Dean Winchester.
‘If that’s what you wanna call it,’ Dean says as he pushes himself to his feet, shuffling toward the kitchenette.
‘Guess I’ll find out.’ They share a look, for a moment, then Dean unthreads his belt and pops the button on his jeans.
outweighing the need to keep kissing Cas, but Cas pushes him back with a firm hand to his chest. It does…things to Dean, but he only raises a brow, gaze flicking from Cas’s hand, to his face.
It’s been a long day, settling into the new house. It’s old, and it needs work, but it’s big. Big enough for the five of them—Sam, Eileen, Jack, Castiel and Dean—with room to spare for their friends (family) to come stay if they want. (Though not all at once.) And it’s close enough to the bunker that they can commute easily when they need to (Dean refuses to use the word ‘commute’).
‘Yeah,’ Dean says, and, ‘thanks.’ He looks at Castiel, gaze all soft, and shakes his head. ‘Shouldn’t waste your mojo on that, though.’ It’s an old argument, and any heat is gone from it, now, just part of their routine.
‘You’re my dads,’ Jack says, simply. Like he hasn’t just dropped the biggest damn bombshell. Screw the apocalypse, this kid says he and Cas are
Cas is struggling with a crumbling wall and Dean says, ‘The defences could use some work,’ just to mess with him.
‘Yes. Technically, they’re feral—they were imported there in the 1800s for transportation, and then many were released into the wild after motorised transportation replaced the need for them.’
Dean’s breaths come faster and his hand grips Castiel’s forearm, but he’s not in pain. Castiel is sure of it. He feels the bliss, too. It washes through them and back again, ebbing and flowing, until Castiel’s grace pulses brighter still and then with a burst it’s over.
Castiel places his hand on Dean’s shoulder, wondering if it fits the shape of the long-gone handprint, and channels his grace through his palm and into Dean. Dean shivers a little, a small smile tugging at his lips, and Castiel fills with warmth. ‘Better?’ he asks.
Castiel lets out a long breath and says, ‘Neither do I,’ then pulls Dean into his arms to hold him close.
‘I’m not!’ Dean finally steps over the threshold, closing the door behind him. ‘I mean…you’ve got wings, dude. That’s awesome on its own. But…’ His gaze runs along the span of Castiel’s wings, starting at the tip of one, ending at the other. The look in his eyes is awed and something Castiel can’t put a name to. Dean licks his lips. ‘Yours are, um…’ He shrugs. ‘Awesome.’
Cas shakes his head, and he’s going to leave, Dean knows he is, but he only says, ‘Do you want me to wash your hair? It’s a bit…disgusting.’
‘I think Jack might have been right about the future, about messing it up.’ Sam looks at Jack. ‘Do we ever talk about meeting you before, in the future?’ He screws his face up. ‘Uh, you know what I mean.’
‘I…’ Dean could bullshit his way out of this. Make an excuse about forgetting, he’s had a lot on his mind, what with taking down God and all. But he looks up at Cas, and Cas looks so stricken, his hand fitted over the bloody palm-print, and Dean…can’t. ‘I didn’t want to.’
Dean grins and swipes the bottle. He shuffles onto the edge of the blanket, heels dug into the sand, and when Cas meets his eye, Dean gives a jerk of his head.
‘Do you like this?’ Cas asks, fingers tickling down the back of Dean’s neck, then returning to push through his hair again.
‘Yeah,’ Dean says, breathless, ‘are you?’ Because Cas might be all confidence right now, but as far as Dean knows, he’s not that experienced. And there’s something in his voice—the catch of his breath, the softness of his tone—belying the assurance of his actions.
Dean shrugs one shoulder and his gaze flicks up and down the length of Castiel’s body. ‘Got your jammies on already, huh?’
The emotion in Dean’s voice leaves Castiel winded and all he can say is, ‘Got it,’ voice barely above a whisper.
‘Yeah,’ Dean says, ‘you do.’ He licks his lips. ‘Well, you gave me an anniversary gift, but I didn’t get you anything.’
. Castiel isn’t even sure which Dean is asking of him, but he doesn’t need to know. His answer is the same, regardless.
Castiel does, of course, because they’re important to Dean, and plenty of them are entertaining. But he enjoys seeing Dean riled up and knows Dean enjoys it, too. ‘Yes, I pay attention.
‘No,’ Castiel says, ‘because you are.’ He takes Dean’s hands, pinning them either side of his head, their fingers entwined. ‘So beautiful, Dean. In every way.’
It takes Dean a moment to parse the words and, when he does, anger and hurt and regret well up in him. ‘What the hell does that mean?’ As though Dean doesn’t know.
‘It’s OK,’ Cas says, and Dean wonders if he knows what Dean wants to say. Cas hesitates a moment, then takes a step back. But Dean stops him leaving again, tugging on his sweatshirt until they’re toe to toe. ‘Dean?’
A sly, pleased look replaces Dean’s concern and he looks Castiel up and down. ‘Find a new kink, huh?’
Dean’s heart leaps. He doesn’t want to assume, but he’s all lit up with hope. He bites back a smile as he says, ‘And who’s that?’
A rush of affection hits him so hard that, for the first time in days, it’s not fear or awkwardness or not being able to find Cas that stills his tongue, but
I’m still finding my footing with writing this ship and I’m still only up to S9 on my re-watch so it’s messing with my head a little writing them at this point but, uh, yeah…IDK where I’m going with this XD
The lights catch in Cas’s eyes, play over the sharp planes and soft curves of his face. Even in this lighting he looks exhausted, but he still takes Dean’s breath away. Always does.
Castiel. It’s more than Castiel ever expected. But he’s not surprised Dean would take on this burden. He sighs and says, ‘Both.’
Dean smiles, and Castiel kisses him. The way he’s longed to for years. And then Dean tilts his head, hands coming up to Castiel’s waist, and they’re kissing each other.
Dean wants to say something, brush the concern away, but he’s tired. All that comes out is a grunt of acknowledgement. And then, still without looking up, he knows Cas’s gaze has landed on him, unerring even through the shadows. The light comes on, and Dean winces. Footsteps ring over the tiles, and Cas is by his side in a heartbeat. Crouching down. Hand touching his arm.
It makes Dean’s stomach twist in a different way and he’s stepping closer, saying, ‘Are you OK?’ because maybe Cas is sick. It would be like him, to avoid Dean if he’s sick, not wanting to be a burden, or something stupid like that.
Brother has been the most important word in Dean’s vocabulary since he was four. There’s no one more important to Dean than Sam, but Cas comes a damn close second. It only makes sense to think of him as a brother.
There’s accusation in Dean’s tone. It’s partly why Castiel hasn’t said anything. It’s not only that he’s ashamed, but he knew Dean would take it upon himself, and he doesn’t want to burden him any further. Doesn’t want Dean to feel…obligated to him. ‘It’s fine,’ he murmurs.
‘No.’ Dean looks off to the side a moment, breathing in deep, then back to Castiel. ‘You’re staying put this time. Got it?’
Castiel trusts that he is, but he wonders what it feels like for Dean. It’s incredible for him—not just physically, but to be so
Cas rolls his eyes, but there’s a smile playing at the corner of his lips, and he crouches with Dean, picking up some shells, discarding others. As Dean reaches to put a particularly nice, big shell in the bucket, Cas grabs his wrist. He’s squinting at Dean’s forearm, then looks up to Dean.
Cas only hums and then he bends to pick up a basket Dean hadn’t noticed, lifting it into Dean’s field of vision. ‘I did get some t-shirts. And a sweater. Maybe these fit your definition of comfortable.’
‘Thanks, buddy,’ Dean says around a smile. He looks at Cas over Jack’s shoulder, then has to look away at the fond look on Cas’s face. With all this positive attention, Dean’s starting to feel a little uncomfortable, but if the furtive looks and hushed conversations between everyone over the past week are anything to go by, there’s more in store. He pats Jack between his shoulder blades and Jack pulls back.
Cas stares him down a moment, eyes narrowed, then relents, holding the shirt out to Dean. But Dean doesn’t take it. It feels wrong, putting Cas’s clothes in this room. Like they don’t belong here and neither does Cas. They belong in Dean’s room, with Dean’s shirts and pants and their boots should be side by side by his bed.
Anyway, Cas was proving a point when he kissed Dean like Dean had dared him to. Whatever it does, or doesn’t, mean to Dean, it was just a matter of pride for Cas. Stomach churning, and head mixed up, Dean knocks on Cas’s door. There’s a grunt from the other side that Dean takes for an invitation, and he pushes the door open. ‘Hey,’ he says.
‘Oh.’ Dean lets out a low, long breath. ‘That explains that, then.’ He looks at Cas, who looks…awed. And a little proud. Dean’s lips twitch.
There’s no point. Lucifer is living it up in Cas’s head and, even if he wasn’t, Dean’s not sure Cas would want…
There are a few moments of silence before Cas says, ‘Why were you sitting in the bathroom in the dark?’
Dean can’t blame Cas for being confused. He’s not being clear. At all. But he’s feeling so raw and exposed after the whole love confession, and he was hoping he wouldn’t have to talk about his feelings for a good while, yet. Maybe that’s cowardly or childish, but it seems he’s out of luck, anyway. He sighs and says, ‘Well, I thought you might wanna…you know. Sleep in there. With me.’ He waves at the lights. ‘Wasn’t sure if you’d still need ‘em with company, but figured they wouldn’t hurt.’
The look Dean gives him is surprised, but pleased, even as he raises a brow and says, ‘Trying to tell me something?’
He steps back, but doesn’t get any further, because Cas’s hand is holding onto his. ‘I’m sorry,’ Cas says again.
‘Dean.’ Castiel fixes Dean with an incredulous look. How can he ask that? Can’t he see? ‘They’re a disgrace.’
Castiel lets out a gusty sigh and reaches out, curling a hand over Dean’s knee. ‘Dean, I’m sorry. Please tell me what the word means.’
It throws Dean, leaves him wrong-footed. If Cas wasn’t talking about sex, then what the hell was he talking about? ‘Huh?’
If Castiel is being honest, Dean’s been on edge ever since he pulled Castiel out of the Empty. It’s not like Dean to be this nervous around him, and Castiel, though he has no regrets about saving Dean or confessing his love, wonders if he’s damaged their friendship irrevocably. If it will always be awkward between them now.
‘No, I—’ Cas flicks a look at Dean. His eyes are wide and Dean remembers when he took Cas to that “den of iniquity”. ‘I would know if this
So, Dean pushes away his stupid, irrational embarrassment, and arranges himself until his head is on Cas’s chest, and he’s got one arm around Cas’s waist and one leg slung over Cas’s thigh. Cas’s thigh is hot under Dean’s and his heart beats, steady and true, beneath his ear. It feels…really fucking good.
, curling his long fingers around Dean’s aching cock. The pressure is just this side of enough, so Dean encloses Cas’s hand in his own, guiding him—‘Like this’—but Cas is a quick study. It’s only moments before he picks up the right pressure and rhythm, working his hand over Dean exactly the way Dean likes it.
Dean’s breath catches, and his hips stutter. He wants to tell Cas not to talk like that, but his tongue is thick and stupid and a small secret part of him doesn’t want Cas to stop at all.
Cas smiles and Dean smiles back, and then he heads for the kitchen. Cas made him dinner and wants to watch a movie with him. Spend time with him. This is good. This is definitely good. Then why is he all jittery? It’s like… Jesus, like he’s some nervous kid before a first date.
Dean lets out a long breath and looks at Cas. ‘Yeah, guess sleeping in the recliner didn’t agree with me, either.’
A warmth that has nothing to do with the bright sun fills Dean and, for a moment, he thinks he might need to submerge himself in the ocean to cool off. But a few deep breaths of briny air is all it takes and then he stands, finally, bones popping as he stretches. He feels…calm. Relaxed. He turns, still smiling, and trudges up the sand to where they’d set up. He pauses a few feet away to take in the scene before him.
because now he has to be naked. In front of Cas. But he’s not going to chicken out, not when Cas’s look is part-hope all-challenge. So, he shrugs off his jacket and his shirt, letting them fall in a heap on the tiles.
Dean nods, unable to speak around the love that wells up in him. It’s easier than it used to be, but, still, he nudges Cas’s shoulder to ease the butterflies and says, ‘You’re the Spock to my Kirk.’
‘Shut up.’ Dean kisses Castiel again, once, then twice, before he breaks away on a yawn. ‘Okay, okay,’ he says at the look Castiel gives him, ‘good night, Cas.’
‘Yeah,’ Dean says, the edge of his mouth ticking up, ‘I’d like that.’ And he would, but mostly he likes that it’s something they can choose to do.
. They’ve spent so much time together, yet neither of them has acknowledged Castiel’s confession. Despite his protectiveness, Castiel is under no illusion about Dean’s feelings for him. Dean loves him, yes, but as a brother. Nothing more.
Dean wakes slowly, pulling his blankets tighter around himself. He resists the urge to open his eyes, but he’s too well-rested and they open without his permission. The familiar lines of the room come into focus and he turns to see if Cas is awake, yet, but—
Dean do. He sighs, but something occurs to him. He snaps his fingers, brightening for a moment. ‘I can fix it.’
looked so at peace, so happy, either. They’ve shared a lot of joy over the years, but a lot of sorrow, too. More than their fair share. Castiel hopes the scales will be tipped in the favour of joy for a while. Dean deserves it. They both do.
Cas stares at Dean, mouth hanging open, before he snaps it shut and smiles. It’s fake. Dean can tell. He knows all of Cas’s smiles. ‘I haven’t been avoiding you,’ Cas says.
‘It’s not— You don’t—’ Dean’s throat feels like it’s closing up. He squeezes his eyes shut, realising his mistake too late, as hot tears—one, and then another—run down his cheeks.
Dean wakes feeling unusually rested. There’s a damp spot beneath his cheek, from where he was drooling into his pillow. He wipes over his mouth and rolls onto his back. It doesn’t twinge, nothing pulls or cracks like it usually does. But the bed feels too hard. He rubs the back of his hand over his eyes and frowns. This isn’t his room.
‘My back is sore.’ Cas pushes himself up with a hand braced on his thigh, the other going to the small of his back. ‘I guess it was how I slept.’
Dean waits a moment then drops back into the chair, his pulse skipping. ‘What’s going on, man?’ He means more than why Cas is in such a shitty mood, why he can’t sleep, but he’s not sure it’s the right time, now, for the other conversation.
The door slams open and Sam stomps in with his big Sasquatch feet, blissfully unaware of the chaos inside. ‘Hey, Cas,’ he says, dropping his satchel. Then, his gaze swings slowly to Jack and he’s on alert. ‘Who’s our new friend?’
Dean bristles, but Cas isn’t wrong. There’s a weariness deep inside that catches him sometimes. It caught him, today, when they got back to the bunker and Cas still wasn’t there, and a selfish part of Dean wondered why they keep fighting for people to live their lives in peace when he can’t have—
Dean considers a few options. The first is that Cas is in pain and hiding himself away in his room, in which case Dean wants to know about it. He raises his hand, poised to knock, then option two presents itself to him in a rush of heat and a dry mouth.
And if Sam had to convince Dean no less than four times not to go to the restaurant where Cas was having his date to check how it was going, well, again, he was concerned. In a friendly way. Purely platonic. What else would there be?
“Daddy are Uncle Dean and Uncle Cas coming to dinner tonight? Mom said they were.” Sam chuckled and assured him that his favorite uncles were coming to dinner tonight. It was no surprise that Dean was overjoyed. Since Cas and his brother decided not to have children of their own they decided to instead spoil the ever loving shit out of their nephews and niece. However mini Dean was the only one sentient enough to know that a visit from his uncles meant he was getting a gift. His daughter Ellen or Elle was only two so she was just barely walking, much less getting excited over some toy she was gonna break in 2 days. His youngest son (John) was only 4 months old so he wasn’t doing much of anything.
Weeks go by, of course as Sam suspected the topic of Cas's dream world is seldom brought up. It’s getting to be kind of a hassle though because Cas's behavior hasn’t really changed since the first week that they got back. Dean noticed and was getting frustrated that Cas wasn’t talking to them so he decided to not talk to Cas right back. Sam knew that Cas was trying to avoid the domesticity that he made with Dean because it would be too painful. Of course Dean didn’t know that he thought Cas was mad at them, so Sam was living in a silent feud between them which was annoying because he felt like they were going backwards.
“Sam wins and can’t even stay awake to watch the entire thing. We should have should just watched my suggestion at least I can stay conscious to appreciate my winnings.” Dean chuckles a little at how pissy Cas is over losing a single movie chosing.
“As much I as I would like to take this lovely night home.” Dean waggled his eyebrows as Cas gave him a light punch on the shoulder. “We do still need to get something from the grocery store if we are planning on eating this week.”
“Table for two.” Dean said to the waitress as they walked into their local burger joint. He rubbed his hands on his pants, nervous because today was the day he was gonna tell Cas about everything and he was gonna be damned if he let John from 20 years ago ruin this. Dean would never admit it but that day hurt like a bitch and every single time Dean had thought telling Cas all he could think about was John yelling about how his life was an abomination and then shipped them off to Bobby’s. Once they had gotten there, obviously John had told him everything by then, Bobby assured him that he would always accept him no matter what and if he ever wanted to bring over a suitor just make sure the door was closed and a raincoat was on.
“Hello.” It sounded like Jack but… it couldn’t be. Cas turned around and there he was. Looking just how he had when he had left doing his weird little hand thing.
“Ugh, he’s been pissy ever since that djinn hunt and I for one don’t want to deal with that while I am biting into a juicy burger. I get his life was perfect and all but he doesn’t need to be mad at us for saving his life.” Dean complained.
They showed up on time and sure enough with something for each of the kids. Dean ran up to his Uncles’ arms pulling them into a quick hug before pulling back staring at them with a hopeful look.
He heard playful banter between Sam and Cas about which movie to show Jack first. Sam was for E.T while Cas wanted to watch Ferris Bueller. Dean was silently glad he chose to leave the room for snacks because they would no doubt turn to him and he doesn’t even know which one he would choose in the situation. He wants to hear their arguments but the second the popcorn machine kicks in it drowns out their voices.
“Don’t worry about it. It’s just a burger joint you can ditch the fancy get up.” Dean liked Cas's look. He looked homey, and to be honest really sexy.
Cas really wasn’t listening to much of what Jack was saying. He was still trying to cope with the fact that Sam and Dean are dead.
“Hey man.” Dean said while entering the library where Sam was reading up on ancient pagan gods. “I’m going to get a bite to eat, wanna come?”
Now he was gonna do it, he was really gonna tell Cas. They sat down and took a look at the menu, Dean predictably ordered a burger and Cas ordered a spicy chicken sandwich.
“Jack.” Cas gasped in disbelief, reaching out to see if he would disappear under his touch. He didn’t, he stood perfectly still smiling with tears in his eyes. “How?”
Dean and Rowena had been looking at their side of the bag which was supposed to glow red when Sam was pushing it from his side. They had been looking at it for about 20 minutes waiting for something to happen. Dean periodically looked over at Cas making sure that he was still alive. He wished that he could be over there right now holding him to make sure that he was ok and breathing but they had recently learned that trying to touch Cas at the moment was a no go.
Two minutes later their popcorn is finished, buttered and salted to perfection if does say so himself. He doesn’t make much considering that only half of the parties here can actually taste things beyond molecules and Sam is on yet another health kick though Dean argues you can only get so healthy.
“Tired of what? Sleeping 17 hours a day.” Normally Sam would never interfere with the getting together but this was beyond aggravating. He knew they both felt the same way but every single time they could be getting together they just ended up fighting.
They both slowly opened their eyes and Dean breathed a sigh of relief when he saw blue eyes stare back at him. He held both sides of his head carefully not wanting to do anything that might hurt the weak body in his arm. “Thank god you made it,buddy.” Dean saw something flash across Cas's eyes as he said buddy but he wasn’t entirely sure what it was so he decided to not think too much about it.
“Ok I will get that right out for you.” The waiter said, taking their menus and walking off. Now or never thought.
Jack led him down the multitude of hallways, they had a while until they reached the brothers door's. However they also had 250 years to catch up on, and all the time in the world so they weren’t in a rush to get it over with.
It was a standard hunt so it didn’t take them very long to finish up their hunt. Sam and Dean both got back in the car and started to drive them back from the bunker. They didn’t try to make conversation, Sam because he knew what Cas was mourning whereas Dean thought he was just tired. He was, but truly he just wanted to get back to what he had been accustomed to.
“Long story short I am acting God now but we have time if you would like to hear the long story. We only have… forever.” Jack chuckled. Cas still didn’t understand what was going on. He should be in the Empty.
Dean walks in and Cas is pouting while Sam is wearing a shit eating grin with Jack sitting on the floor watching the opening scene to E.T.
Just then they heard the door close loudly upstairs and they heard the sound of footsteps. They all quieted down hoping they could be stealthy enough with their half dead body. They heard the creaking of stairs and Dean signaled for them to continue moving. Once they got to the door Dean explained the plan.
“Sam you get Cas to the car because he is in no condition to be fighting right now. I will go upstairs and fight the djinn and Rowena you got the witch. Sam you come back in when Cas is situated.” Everyone nodded except Rowena.
Dean’s Heaven was a lot more simple. It was the four of them him, Sam, Jack, and Cas. Dean was in the kitchen popping popcorn as the other three of them were picking out a movie for them to watch that night. Once their more exciting battles had calmed they realized he biggest problem facing them was the lack of pop culture knowledge between Cas and Jack. Jack more so since technically he is like 2 years old.
They got back to the bunker with everything they needed to survive for another week. The walked past Sam in a giggling mess as they tossed him some noise cancelling headphones.
Sam’s personal heaven was the life that he wanted with Jess. However the strong love he had once felt for her has since faded to a slight dim. He would always love her. No one could ever truly replace her and change the impact that she had on Sam. But Eileen was his new future. His personal heaven was him in law school with 2.5 kids and a pie cooling down on the windowsill.
Then there was Dean. No one in Heaven or Hell will deny the fact that the second Castiel touched Dean’s soul he was lost. He had no direction nor did he want to follow one. He just wanted to be with Dean and in the first time in forever (literally) Cas understood his fathers admiration for humans. Castiel finally understood how lonely his life had been without Dean. Dean had made him feel things that he didn’t even think were possible. It’s crazy that Castiel had lived for all of time yet those 11 years he spent yearning for Dean felt the longest.
“I am God Castiel, I get to decide what goes on around here. There was no way I was letting the Winchesters go to hell after everything that they did for me and the world. They deserve to be in Heaven. I am much more lenient, when humans get here I take into consideration their intent as well as actual harm to others rather than what they did.” Castiel nodded, agreeing that Winchesters deserved everything that was good in this world and the next for their dedication to making sure it was safe for people to live. Throughout his billions of years “alive” if you really want to call it that, he had never understood the love that his father felt for these people. He would always be talking about how proud he was of his creations. When he first made people only a couple thousand years he loved watching them progress ,and see how they find out the use for the things he left there. Castiel never understood the appeal.
“Ok Dean.” Cas said. He stared into Dean’s eyes before moving closer. There it was their first kiss. It was everything both men could have hoped for their lips slotted together perfectly like they were made just for each other. Nothing could have prepared them for how amazing it was and they both became breathless quickly. They pulled back, and if the kiss wasn’t mind blowing enough they way they both looked afterwards was boner inducing. Their lips slightly darker and puffier and Dean was sporting a nice blush.
All of a sudden his son, Dean, came bounding up to him reaching up signaling that he wanted his dad to pick him up. Sam was a sucker and couldn’t say no how much he wanted to.
“No problem man. If you ever want to talk about… ya know. I’ll listen.” He added because he didn’t really want the topic to be forgotten. He wanted to make sure that they both could talk about their feelings but since Dean had built that wall so long ago and so think it should be the 8th world wonder he should work on Cas. Castiel nodded back to him, but if he was anything like Dean, Sam knew that meant this topic was never to be brought up again. Sam sighed before leaving the room, annoyed that Cas and Dean could be something so amazing and good for each other if they weren’t such pussies. However, Sam wasn’t going to out their feelings to each other because they need to do it for themselves, but he was still going to aid them in the process because he was getting frustrated.
They finally sat down for dinner and they laughed exchanging stories of what happened to them during their day and all the hijinks that they have gotten into the last time they saw each other. Everything was perfect and it would be like this forever.
Cas took a deep breath and looked around at his surroundings and almost being blinded by the pure whiteness of it. The air was clear and crisp and blinked once more before standing up trying to assess where he was and if he was in immediate danger. He gazed at his setting if he wasn’t mistaken it seemed like he was in one of Heavens hallways. He breathed before jumping at the sudden voice behind him.
Finally the bag flashed red and they both jumped into action as Rowena said the last part of her spell and Dean ran over to Cas to pull the needle out. The fire lit indicating the end of the spell as Dean reached for Cas's arm tentatively not wanting to burn himself again. Luckily, this time it was cool and he pulled it out of him with ease putting a bandage over the open wound.
“Cas.” He looked up at him with his perfect blue eyes. “Sam… uh he told me. About ya know.” Cas blushed furiously and turned away from him with his mouth gaping open.
“Are you sure you wouldn’t rather ask Sam to go with you. I am fine with whatever we have here.” Cas said, eyes darting hoping for a way out.
Finally they got to Winchester, Dean and Winchester, Sam. Knowing God and being friends with him has its perks. They were able to be together though in reality they should be thousands if not millions of doors away from each other.
“No, I got a salad in the fridge that I have been meaning to eat.” Sam decided to put his plan to get them to talk in action. “Why don’t you ask Cas? He still needs to eat and I don’t have enough salad for the both of us. He also ended up getting your appetite and doesn’t like “rabbit food” that much.”
“I am so sorry Dean. I do not wish to put you in an uncomfortable situation. I apologize if I have.” Cas responded quickly never meeting Deans eyes, opting instead to fiddle with his hands.
Dean let out a hearty laugh “Jeez mini me give us a sec to take our shoes off.” As soon as he did, Dean’s new Fisher-Price truck was in his hands and he was running off to go play with it. Cas and Dean walked into the kitchen to say hi to Eileen and help her with anything she needed considering she still has to care for a newborn. They exchange greetings and Cas gives Elle and John their gifts, setting Johns on the living room table since he can’t hold anything. It’s more of a gift for Sam and Eileen but it’s the thought that counts.
Cas sighed assuming there was really no way out of this, hunger was probably one of his least favorite human feelings that he had realized. “Sure Dean just let me get changed.”
Turns out to be a waste that Sam won their little move debate because he falls asleep before the ending. By this point Dean has rotated to where his head is on Cas’ lap and feet on the edge of the couch forming a seat belt around Sam. Cas is playing with Dean’s hair which he started doing around the middle of the movie and has yet to stop. Jack is still sitting stupidly close to the TV eyes transfixed on everything on the scene. Cas huffs above and Dean looks at him as if to ask what's wrong.
“Oh you are definitely fucking me later if that kiss was any preamble to what the night could hold.” Dean said before walking quickly towards his car to get this shopping trip over and done with.
“Sorry I forgot that time moves differently up here and well you have been dead not able to tell the passage of time but, 250 years have passed Castiel. Sam and Dean are no longer alive but they are doing well in Heaven.” Jack explains and Castiel feels all the wind leave from his body. Dean is dead. “Heaven was a lot more damaged than I anticipated so I waited a little bit before I removed you from the empty.”
Once they reached the bunker both of the brothers helped Cas get out of the car. “Why don’t you go lie down Cas. You lost a ton of blood. I'll make you one of my famous burgers to get you back in tip top shape.” Cas gave a slight head nod and tried to linger on to Dean’s touch as he walked away to get some food. Once Dean was fully out of his grasp he collapsed onto Sam, who carried him the rest of the way.
Cas didn’t really talk to them for about a week after that. He was in and out of his room, eating dinner with them and what not but other than that he was pretty secluded, he would just sit in his room away from them if a conversation wasn’t needed.
Cas’s voice from the video. That was what he was thinking about as he clenched hard around his fingers and shot his load onto the tiled wall. Cas’s voice, and his hands, and his tongue, and his eyes – so
“Cas,” he started immediately. “I know you’re busy, I’m sorry, but Sam figured it out and I need you to –“
“No, it’s not,” Dean replied firmly, more than ready to be done with this whole situation. He snagged Cas by the back of the trench coat when it looked like he was going to lean back towards the counter, and used his other hand to slap his card down in front of them. “Just run my card.”
The blood-curdling, inhuman scream that ripped itself from the creature’s throat was unlike anything Dean had ever heard before – and he’d had some pretty bad reactions to his jokes. Grimacing, ears throbbing, he staggered to his feet, going straight for Cas, only to be thrown backwards again when the creature threw out a hand – no, a
“I was escorted through paediatrics on the way to the morgue,” Cas cut over him immediately, and despite everything, Dean felt himself huff out a shaky laugh.
. He liked it a little kinky, sometimes – could certainly appreciate a hand around his neck as he climaxed, or even a little tickle behind his balls when receiving a stellar back-alley blowjob from that college girl he’d met in that bar that time – so… he wasn’t
Dean frowned and flicked carefully through his phone – now he was out of the forest, he saw he had three missed calls.
A wave of dizziness swept over him again, only this time he craved the release of unconsciousness, if only to halt his scrambled thoughts and shaking hands. The static was still there, low in his ears, but he realised after a moment that it was coming from his laptop, from the video that had apparently buffered and was continuing to play.
“We weren’t –“ he murmured, barely watching the road as he idly followed the egg rolling around on his dashboard. “It wasn’t like that. It’s not like we stopped being
“Honestly?” he murmured once he was sure they were all occupied with something else. “Damned if I have the slightest clue.”
“I know that, Dean,” Cas replied with a roll of his eyes, though he only paused with his attention on the message for a single moment before he tucked the phone away in his pocket without replying.
His breath caught, rattling around in his hollow chest, as he realised there were tears in his eyes. What was
Cas had also woken up with a boner, which… hadn’t made anything easier. At some point during the night, he had gravitated towards Dean’s warmth, so that by the time he had woken up they were basically plastered together in the middle of the bed. Dean hadn’t wanted to wake him – hadn’t really wanted to move at all – and so he’d let it happen. If he’d wrapped an arm around Cas’s middle, too… well. It was just to stop the guy from moving around so much.
time jump,” Sam greeted, completely oblivious to what had happened in the minutes since their last call. “And please don’t tell me you’ve called to apologise for being an ass, because –“
Dean was definitely having a stroke. He had to be – there was no way he had just heard those words coming out of Cas’s mouth. Castiel, Angel of the Lord,
But then Cas made his shot – or attempted to, anyway – and Dean’s thoughts were derailed as a laugh erupted from his mouth. He’d managed to hit the cue ball, at least, but so hard that it flew straight off the table and went skittering away across the bar. Cheeks flushing, Cas dropped his cue and went trotting after it, muttering apologies to the other patrons as he ducked between legs to scoop it up.
?” he repeated, still not daring to glance at Cas. “So… so, we’re on a case! Time to get your head in the game, man –“
Cas looked at him with an odd expression, and then took a long pull of his drink. Dean waited for his reply – a chuckle, maybe, or an agreement – but when Cas finally put his drink back down with a heavy swallow, Dean got none of those things. Was he… blushing? No – no, it had to be the low lighting.
“You mean other than four dead bodies? No, no strange activity –“ Paxton paused. “Wait, does strange weather count?”
Castiel allowed himself to be positioned, Dean’s hands as gentle as possible as he held his shoulders and pivoted him just enough so he could slip onto the bed behind him. He worked quickly, forcing some gel onto his fingers and then rubbing feather-light at the puckered skin around the wounds at Castiel’s back. He was careful not to get any inside – he wasn’t a
“Okay,” Dean agreed, watching as his brother grabbed a jacket to cover the blood on his shirt and made for the door. “Beer and pie.”
It wasn’t disappointing, he decided adamantly. He’d tried it, and it wasn’t really for him – there was no shame in that. All he had to do was withdraw his finger, finish his shower, and pretend none of this had ever –
And then he stopped mid-sentence, a horrifying thought occurring to him. The guy had been in their kitchen because he’d been
“Yeah, this is quite recent,” he hummed, ignoring Dean completely as he slumped into a chair across the table. “Thought I recognised that guy.”
“Not a cave sparrow,” she confirmed, and then her eyes lit up. “Do you think… could it be a new species? And we found it?”
Dean, now he had started, was having an extremely hard time shutting the fuck up. “Great – awesome! I, um – don’t feel like you need to rush if you’re in the middle of…
He’d obviously gotten dressed in a hurry, because he’d foregone his trench coat in favour of hanging it over his arm instead. His suit was rumpled, as though it had been pulled off in a hurry and strewn somewhere without a second thought, and his hair – usually flyaway on the best of days – looked like it had been gripped tightly and
house?“ – and he’d jumped a little as Drew slid across their shared bench to bump him gently on the shoulder.
“Beer with breakfast?” Sam asked with a hint of apprehension, pulling Dean from his thoughts as he wandered into the kitchen that morning. “You wanna talk about it?”
In his mind, Dean knew what he was doing as he spread Cas out on his bed, naked and wanting. There was no shame; no panic as he kissed him, and no regrets as they rocked together. Cas deserved it slow, deliberate, each thrust of Dean’s cock inside him a searing reminder of exactly who was pleasuring him. He’d make sure Cas came first, watch intently from above as he fell apart around him, and only then would he take his own pleasure, wrapped in Cas’s arms, heads pressed together, sharing the same air.
“Well, um… Sam’s heading to Mississippi to help Garth with a Wendigo, so we thought, maybe… you’d wanna come with me?” Dean stuttered, and silently juggled with the idea of beating himself to death with his phone. “Unless you’re busy, which it sounds like you are, so don’t feel any pressure to –“
Dean raised an eyebrow. Ever since their conversation in the car, Cas had been suspiciously quiet, and when Dean stopped to really look at him, he realised the angel looked about as exhausted as Dean felt. There was a weary slope to his shoulders, and the bags under his eyes were more pronounced than usual. Though he knew better, it was still sometimes hard for Dean to think of Cas as anything other than invincible, but now? The guy looked around ten seconds from passing out.
“C’mon, baby,” she’d purred into his ear, hand still very much a presence in his pants. “I didn’t peg you for a prude.”
His anguished voice immediately spurred Dean into action. He kept a paperclip attached to his shirt sleeve at all times for matters just as this – knew Sam did, too – and he quickly pulled it out to begin picking the lock of Cas’s bonds.
After another moment of wide-eyed staring, the girl leaned right back, clicked her tongue, and began to ring up their items. While she did so, Cas turned to Dean with a frown, though he thankfully didn’t say anything.
“A video?” Cas repeated, leaning further over Dean’s shoulder to take a better look at the incriminating evidence on his laptop. “What kind of –
. The walls were lined with shelves, each one bowing under the weight of mountains of spell books and jars, plants and bones. Dean took a tentative step forwards and peered into the closest jar; he swore something blinked back at him from the murky liquid within, and he supressed a shudder as he stepped away again.
the outlines of organs through her paper-thin skin, for Christ’s sake, and her lower legs looked seconds from tearing off where they were still submerged in the gentle current of the creek.
Bobby had routinely stocked their first aid kit, and with him gone it had been sadly wanting for a long time. One of the best gifts Bobby had ever given them was the tube in Dean’s hand – a numbing antiseptic gel that
And yet… something in his words rang true. For all his flaws, Sam had always been very perceptive when it came to people and feelings in a way that Dean had never been remotely close to emanating. Sammy knew what people were thinking just by looking at them, could fit feeling to motive to drive until he had painted a map of a person’s whole life in his head without ever having said a single word to them. When he did speak, he was good at talking, too; he had a knack for getting right to the heart of the matter, sometimes without saying the actual words at all.
Dean, to his credit, was too tired to do anything but let it happen. Cas was incredibly strong, and had him tucked under the itchy blankets in no time, like he weighed next to nothing at all. It was better than being out in the open, Dean decided, instead of letting himself get fixated on Cas’s strength; the springs were more irritating, but a lot of that was negated by how warm and loose he felt, cocooned.
. If you’re into the same thing, great! Have at it. If you’re not, you’re allowed to say no – you’re
The night had turned cold in the time he’d been in the car, and he took a deep breath of the biting air while he gingerly tucked the egg into his biggest coat pocket and then readjusted the strap holding the flamethrower across his back. The bar behind him was really starting to pop, screams of laughter carrying out of the doors to where he stood across the parking lot with his car, but he paid it no mind as he locked the doors and quietly slipped away into the dark.
“You sure about that?” Sam asked softly. “Feels nice to have a verbal confirmation every once in a while.”
“So, he just… brings people here?” Dean shook his head, still not completely believing. “And then he, what? Let’s them tape him? While he’s…?”
“There’s a chance of passing infections on to other people before you realise you have them,” Sam told him, serious for the first time since Dean had found him. “It’s always better to… wrap up.”
allowed to say no. You’ll figure out what you like, what you’re comfortable with, not so comfortable with, and what’s a hard pass the more you… y’know.”
“Well… no?” the sheriff glanced at the ranger as though he thought Dean was stupid. “Seems pretty clear they were already dead by the time they washed up, Agent.”
“Yeah, well,” he croaked, unable to keep his voice from shaking this time. “I’m not the one that needs taking care of right now.”
Dean could hear his heart roaring in his ears, and thought that maybe he was going to pass out. Instead, he forced a deep breath, and then another one, and the world swam around him as tears prickled the corners of his eyes.
,” he grated out, not really to Castiel, or to himself, but to the situation as a whole. “Why aren’t you healing? I thought you said Crowley gave you your mojo back?”
“Hey, asshole!” he screamed, hoping to coax the thing away. He was breathless, exhausted, but it didn’t stop him from pulling the machete out from the back of his pants. “Fuck you!”
Of it all, the part of this Dean hated the most was the gentle way in which Cas said the guy’s name.
?” he couldn’t help but hiss into the dark, clutching the coat close to him for just a second before letting it drop back to the floor.
“I can’t think of anything that connects it all,” he finished, and rubbed a hand across his face. He was exhausted. “I’m heading back to pick Cas up from the morgue, but when I talked to him it didn’t seem like he had any better ideas on what the hell we could be dealing with, either.”
“Yes, sir,” Dean had replied, and had to stop himself from bounding down the path with his backpack and sleeping bag in tow, lest Drew peek out of a window and see what a dork he was being.
“S-sorry,” he managed, still out of breath, and rubbed a shaky hand over his sweaty face. “That was…”
“Perhaps not, if the victims were enchanted in some way,” Cas reasoned, and then tilted his head to the side. “Though, I agree with you – it seems much more likely the victims were killed elsewhere and simply… deposited by the creek in an attempt to fool us.”
Dean found himself shrugging one shoulder, and let a tired sigh fall from his lips. “My initial thought was burn the whole thing to the ground. It’s abandoned, right, and it’d probably take down any object Gloria could be attached to, if she’s a ghost. But…”
He wasn’t really sure what to do, then; he felt winded, and every breath he took was a gentle reminder that there was something in his ass that hadn’t been there before. It wasn’t bad, he kept telling himself – a little uncomfortable, maybe, but not particularly life changing, either. Was this what he had been so afraid of? It was nothing like the hot clench of sinking into a woman, that was for sure.
It was awkward, to say the least. Drew’s lips were chapped, and neither of them had been even remotely experienced enough to realise they were supposed to tilt their heads if they wanted to avoid bumping noses, but… it had been perfect. It was Dean’s first kiss, and it’d been warm, and exciting, and hilariously inept, and it was
The handcuffs popped open, and Cas’s arm immediately dropped to his side. Dean spared no time in moving around the bed, having already spotted Cas’s pants draped across a chair in the corner, and was back at his side in a matter of seconds.
“Don’t want to start too strong,” he’d shrugged, collapsing onto the couch beside Dean. “The girls will probably want to play drinking games.”
“Um…” The teen at least looked apologetic. “Sorry, dude - we’re having maintenance issues. We’ve only got a couple rooms with heat, and they’re all kings.”
“That’s part of it,” Sam replied, voice muffled for a second as he started flicking through books again. “The Impundulu has the ability to lay eggs, and it… it’s like it charges them up with lightning. Once they’re strong enough, they hatch into more Impundulus. You… you said there were six of them?”
Dean didn’t even try to hide his sigh of relief. “Doesn’t matter, just… I’m all in my head right now, man, and I just need you to –“
That wasn’t Cas’s voice. Dean felt his stomach drop out of his ass, and he staggered a little bit on the spot, because that
Dean wasn’t like that. He was all clumsy action and stunted thoughts. Words often clogged in his mouth, which made him feel stupid, which made him feel angry, and the whole process looped and looped until he had to kill something to quieten the screaming in his head. Emotion was even harder to comprehend; it was easier to avoid feelings as much as he could, and where he couldn’t, he was infinitely better at showing rather than telling. Cas knew that about him – he had to, because Dean didn’t know where to even
. “I’ve had other lovers who enjoyed watching pornography while we fornicated, and I saw no problem in letting others share mine and Dominic’s experience if it gave them pleasure, too.”
“Think I still have a couple sleeping bags in the attic from that hunt back in ’87,” was all Bobby had offered, though his smile seemed pleased – almost proud – when Dean told him about his friends. “You gonna need a ride, boy?”
To keep himself from staring, he turned to his burger and immediately started pulling it apart, searching for the tomato so he could get it as far away from him as possible. Only… there wasn’t any tomato. He glanced up at Cas, who was watching him with a prickle of concern lining his face.
Dean hadn’t been entirely sure what that might entail, but he trusted Drew’s judgement. He took a sip of the beer – his first taste of alcohol – and almost choked on the bitter flavour. Drew had laughed, but it wasn’t unkind, and then he’d swung his legs up to throw them over Dean’s thighs. Dean had looked at him, then, and Drew had stared back with the slightest of smirks, his dark eyes asking
? Sam had been under the impression that he had been… bringing people home for a while. Had Dean really been so blind the entire time? A pang of guilt shot through his gut – had he really paid so little attention to Cas that he had missed this whole facet of his existence?
The flamethrower was heavy in his hands as he traversed the rickety stairs, back pressed against the far wall at all times so he could see both where he was going and where he’d been, but the weight was welcome in the absolute silence of the world around him. He found himself clinging a little harder than was strictly necessary, metal and rubber digging almost painfully into the meat of his hands, but the pain grounded him against the fluttering of his heart.
not gay that he felt entirely comfortable scrolling through the gay section of his favourite porn site a couple of weeks later when he had some time to kill. He learned some new terms, sure, and his dick was hard and aching between his legs after a couple of minutes, but he didn’t come until he’d flipped back to good, old fashioned lesbian action, which proved his hypothesis – not gay.
He didn’t go straight for his hole – chickened out at the last second – and instead brushed his fingers along his crack, getting used to the sensation. It wasn’t bad. Didn’t really feel like much of anything, if he was being honest with himself, but definitely not bad. Spurred on by that realisation, on the next swipe of his fingers he let one catch and press gently against his hole.
“Hear that, Dean?” Sam asked, voice innocent, though his eyes gave away his mirth. “He’s been picking up tricks from his lovers.”
It had been easy, then, to fall back into the little rhythm of their group. When Dean had gone home that evening – and he’d realised he was starting to think of Bobby’s house as
“Jesus Christ, Cas,” he heard himself croak, and had to snap his eyes shut for a second to keep himself from falling apart. He clutched the vial to his chest, feeling the small amount of grace fluttering around inside, and desperately willed himself not to think the worst.
When he was buttoned up and sure he wasn’t going to bleed through his shirt, Dean took a deep breath and glanced off through Baby’s window to the house in the distance. There was an eerie sort of stillness to it that made something cold and dark settle behind his ribs, a quiet horror that felt like a living thing clawing at his chest.
Dean had never spent a night away without either his Dad or Sammy there with him. He’d fumbled for a moment, not really sure how he felt about the whole idea, but Drew’s small, hopeful smile had eventually made his mind up for him.
“According to Sammy’s research,” Dean nodded. “There’s a bend in the creek just north of the campground – seems like they’re all washing up there.”
Cas startled, but his smile was soft as he turned to Dean. “It’s almost five. Are you feeling better?”
“No, Cas, it’s perfect,” Dean was quick to cut over him, reaching out to grab Cas’s hand in a tight squeeze of reassurance. “Thank you.”
And, just like that, they’d fallen back into the somewhat-routine that was staying at Bobby’s house. That night they’d eaten pizza, and Sammy had watched cartoons on Bobby’s beaten-up tv, and then Bobby had forced them both to bed at a reasonable hour. In the morning, Dean had made breakfast while Bobby called to enrol them in the local school system; it was close enough to the start of the year that they hadn’t missed too much, but not close enough for them not to stand out as new kids – but that was the story of their lives, Dean had supposed.
