HE PUSHES THE thought away. It was nothing he would have ever imagined, even with his fucked up track record. Who
SHERLOCK JOINS HIM in the garden these days. Together they silently consider the bees that have crept out of their dormancy, just like the summer that has stolen in as slowly as a flower unfurling. Sometimes John wonders, a play on an old memory, if Sherlock would ever be tempted count all the blades of grass--it is really unimaginable that anyone would bother.
Sherlock gulped, began stripping down the scrubs he’d been dressed in, tiny blotches of blood from split scabs marring the sad green fabric. He stood, finished stripping, then lifted his hands once more to lace his fingers together behind his head.
“That’s it,” John snapped. “I’m calling this assignation off. What would Irene think, knowing you’re doing this?”
Eventually Sherlock seemed to find whatever he’d come for--though why it was a sodding textbook John couldn’t fathom. But it was not his place to question, merely to stand guard as Sherlock sat himself as the focal point of the room, intent on reading said book until their unwitting host returned.
"I." Sherlock blinked rapidly, unsure how to quantify the fluttering in his chest. He was thrilled and terrified in equal measure. Moreso than the old poem he'd read ten years before, moreso than the knowing smirk of a Kusheline priestess, this felt like the visceral connection to a thing bigger than himself that Sherlock had not yet realised he missed.
the centre of my whole world. Every path and crossroad leads to you. I will do everything in my power to prove that to you for as long as you’ll have me.” Sherlock closed his eyes, prayed it didn’t sound as ridiculous to John as it suddenly did to him. He meant every word of it, but that didn’t stop it from sounding silly.
Apollinare leaned forward with interest lighting his features. “What would you do then, if you were spying on us?”
“As well you should be. You have done a noble thing today. May you make every choice with love.” She leaned down, pulled him into a tight embrace. “Now, I’ll have these sent back to your hotel room before I change my mind. You carrying them out of here would be quite noticeable.”
When the hotel door closed behind them, John found himself at a complete loss. All he could do was stare at Sherlock in a way he hadn’t let himself the whole time he’d served Sherlock. It was remarkable: Sherlock was exactly the same, and yet he was
Sherlock swallowed thickly--John had turned that look on him quite a few times, and it had always left him somewhat lightheaded.
The studded gauze merited a staggering sum made dizzying thanks to the appraiser’s shrewd negotiations. Even after the appraiser’s fee, Sherlock would have enough to post a down payment on his own Belgravian home, should he choose, after his marque was made.
, an undeniable pull more noticeable than a shepherd’s crook to the neck, in watching his ward fire off inference after leap of logic, in burning muscles and heaving lungs as they chased a criminal, in the thrill of danger and the promise of Cassiel’s clear focus should aught go awry.
He sought out Ms. Irene Adler, a brazen woman who’d made her marque in Mandrake House--whose pleasures ran toward domination and sadism--and set up her own business, her own
The present unwrapped, his clothes discarded on the floor, he retrieved a pair of stilettos from the bag he’d brought, just as requested. He took pride in slipping into them, raising him even higher.
Something in his chest tightened. He’d begun this endeavor to weasel his way into Lestrade’s graces, in search of more cases. A year and a half later, he found himself a small delight among the glittering stars of the London Night Court, a sought-after prize. For the first time in his life, he felt profoundly distant from the gangly, smart-arsed boy who regularly got harassed in school, jumped in locker rooms and alleys. He was worth something now, worth his words and observations, worth his delight in pain and rebellion. He was allowed, encouraged to be those things that had marked him his whole life, and in its own way, that felt like freedom.
Emile’s expression, usually open and good-humored, slid away into something more inquisitive. “I’m here on something of an errand, actually. Excuse me a moment?”
"Do you suggest I say no?" Sherlock folded his arms across his chest, irritation colouring his tone.
Sherlock looked down at his mug--he’d abandoned soda and requested coffee instead. Steam swirled up lazily. Across the diner the clatter of plates jarred the stillness, such as it was. A lone early-bird wandered in and Connie scuttled over to greet him.
“Here, like this.” Wilkerson rose from the bed, guided Sherlock to sit with his back against the wide, heavy headboard. He slid open a nightstand drawer and produced silk handkerchiefs, dainty little flowered things in pastel colours. With them he tied each of Sherlock’s wrists to the headboard posts.
“I would’ve guessed as much. Well, then. We will supplement whatever impressive schooling you’ve already endured with a healthy dose of courses of my choosing. When you debut, you’ll be the sharpest
His mentor, a small only child, the spoiled-rotten daughter of an old-money line. Back before Moriarty, before Victor and Mandrake, when she was just Irene Adler Norton, a bossy, sharp-witted girl with a biting sense of humor and a soft streak a mile wide.
.” Sister Roberts pronounced the word with perfect French inflection, dropping the final consonant so that it sounded more like
--well. I’ve already got a whole slew of damning emails between Sherlock and you. It’ll only dent his reputation, but yours will be
given in protest, claimed as a victory. It didn’t stop for quite a while, not until Kushiel in his mercy granted him reprieve and Sherlock knew no more.
John huffs, trying to find the sharp edge of his anger again, the indignation he’d felt earlier. The punch has worn that down to a blunt thing. “We
With that, the priest untied Sherlock’s bound wrists, cool fingers delicately palpating the abraded skin. He stooped and Sherlock lifted an impossibly heavy arm to drape over his shoulder. The priest helped him up onto coltish, wobbling knees.
Inside lay a sword in its scabbard. When he pulled out free it shone brilliantly in the light, its etchings a match for the daggers and the vambraces.
“He wants us to leave him with something to show the guards. He needs to explain how we got away,” Felippa answered.
Sherlock helped him finish setting down the extra blankets before stretching out, his back facing John. John mirrored him, facing away on his good shoulder.
But if Emile Didikani noted his confusion, he didn’t react to it. He only offered him an impossibly wide grin and a half-arsed Cassiline salute--arms crossed, palms laid on the chest, a quick bow from the waist.
Then the heat of Wilkerson’s body pressed along his side, that voice in his ear again like something soft and clinical and warm and strange: “Do you feel that, Sherlock? Do you feel what seeing you like this has done to me?”
Maybe the next few months will be their last for a while, but they can push that away. Just for tonight.
“Don’t you dare,” John growled. He crouched, battle-ready, gripping each dagger with deft assurance, angled to offer him the choice of punching with knuckles or slicing with steel. “Turn yourself in. And leave him out of it.”
“I have never seen record or reference to a male pricked by Kushiel’s dart, but I don’t suppose it’s impossible. Was your reaction--arousal--typical?” Her tone, clinical and impersonal, was somewhat comforting.
The dove, trapped between his hands, flapped then, struggling to be free. Sherlock opened his hands, and it launched into flight, white feathers shining in the dim light.
Sherlock wasted no time. A week later, just a few days short of his birthday, the very day his private physician snapped her nitrile gloves from her hands and tossed them into the bin, he contacted a former Bryony adept who specialised in gem appraisal within the hour. Sherlock was never more thankful that where Kushiel cast his dart, he also blessed with somewhat faster-than-normal healing. The thin, careful slices into his skin had already healed clean with but a judicious amount of salve.
If anything, the edge of fear made the lust addling his brain even worse. In the nanoseconds between dropping to his knees and reaching for Lestrade’s hips, all he could think was,
Sherlock’s shoes slapped against the tile and stone, carried him blindly down the corridor and out into the night air, searching for John.
Every heartbeat was a mallet against the inside of his head. It wasn’t like the powerful clamour of bronze drums, that sacred noise that filled his ears sometimes, as Kushiel’s chosen. It wasn’t the wild thunder of the surf, a memory from La Poveglia he knew he’d carry to the end of his days. No. It was merely the excruciating punishment his body meted out for his rash actions.
“It’s true. Elua’s balls, it’s true,” she whispered. But then her dominating character slid back into place and she patted his cheek roughly. “What a pretty package for a whipping boy. Patrons would cut themselves on those cheekbones.”
Sherlock froze, glanced down the corridor by which John had left. He was gone. Sherlock turned to face the Cassiline. Gave him a single nod.
“Even if it was pretend. I needed to pretend.” The way Sherlock’s lip quivered, the way he blinked rapidly, his eyes darting, taking in John’s reaction.
Sherlock couldn’t help but laugh just a little as he leaned in to kiss John, to slide his hand down the length of John’s torso and sweep it around to meet the other at the small of his back. John pulled him closer, let out a gust of breath that went straight to Sherlock’s cock, started nibbling his lower lip. Sherlock’s eyes fluttered closed.
“What?” Sherlock asked, and dabbed at his mouth, where he’d just been stuffing the pentultimate bite of his syrup-soaked waffle.
The shrine itself was a small nook of rustic wood, sealed against the wind, housing a statue of Elua and the various standard accoutrements. A small vase of ten vibrant red anemones--one for Elua, one for each of his eight companions, and a final one for the D’Angeline people--stood just to the statue’s left. An antique Cassiline dagger, likely bought at auction, lay just on the right--a reminder of Cassiel’s choice, which cemented Elua’s divinity on earth rather than his grandfather’s heaven. A small arc of flickering votives rose over the statue, its holders inset along the wall, cast a comfortable glow, which reminded John of all his time in the Brotherhood, praying as hard as he trained. In the shelter of the alcove, a thin thread of incense smoke twisted up from its censor, filling the small space with the familiar sweet stink of the temple. Occasionally the wind would slip in, guttering candles and incense alike, but never enough to douse them entirely.
The car ride from Moriarty’s penthouse had been fraught, and despite framing the question every way he knew how, John couldn’t get a decent explanation from Sherlock. And now,
The low growl Sherlock made went straight to John’s cock, and he rolled his hips up again. Sherlock arched to meet him in it before sitting up. They parted long enough to finish stripping, and when they got down to their pants, Sherlock hooked his thumbs into the waist of his own boxer briefs, stretching them just so.
“You don’t have to be quite literally up my arse to do it,” Sherlock snapped back. “And control your face--you’ll scare my patron off with that scowl of yours.”
Jim leaned back, his nose a hair's breadth away. He planted a chaste, soft kiss at the corner of Sherlock's mouth. "Soon, then."
The police hadn’t been any help. Of course they hadn’t. It hadn’t happened on House property, so it didn’t count in
John chewed his lip, thinking of the terror in the days leading up to going to La Poveglia. He knew it would be years before he forgot the grim determination to walk into certain death for Sherlock there on an island swarming with enemies who wouldn’t hesitate to kill him, all on the off chance that Sherlock was even alive.
But before she could finish, her mobile rang. The moment was lost. She glanced down to it and a smile broke across her face. She lifted it, pressed answer before pressing it to her ear. “Ah, Jim, sweetheart!”
paled in comparison with the stark reality of the man assassinated not ten feet away. Perched in the back of an ambulance, he closed his eyes, blotting out the ensuing chaos of police men and women springing into action. He couldn’t erase the slow-motion image of the way Smith’s skull had shattered, exploded outward. The seat of an entire person reduced to a spray of blood, the shrapnel of skull and grey matter on the pavement.
Given a choice between John’s mirth and his own morbid preoccupation, Sherlock let John’s laughter wash over him, bit his lip to hide a grin. “A man did just die, you know.”
Understanding his silence, the acolyte nodded and merely laid a hand at his elbow, guiding him toward the inner sanctum.
into this story. (I may also post the next "John" chapter today, depends on how life happens. No promises tho.)
It wasn’t until much later, as Jim paused by the bar, Sherlock kneeling at his heel, that Sherlock heard a familiar voice.
His body sang, a riot of humiliation and want, ice and fire; there was no hiding how it affected him. He was to be nude and shamefully erect tonight for an entire room, contracted though he was to but one patron. The night would be torturous, indeed.
Interesting, that. Wilkerson had a wife, one that allowed him to eke out his less-than-vanilla tendencies upon servants of Naamah.
It’s the act of childbirth that does it. Fetal distress. A cacophony of monitor bleeps and nurses and doctors going quiet as they usher him from the room and set to work.
With that he turned and ushered them into his penthouse, but was surprised to find that John followed them in as well.
your particular wiring, it might be incredibly beneficial to that massive brain of yours to make sure nothing else gets mixed up in the process.”
Sherlock did as told.  Victor drew near once more, unconcerned with his robe, which had slipped completely open to reveal a long swathe from neck to toes, all gently sculpted muscles and smooth skin. Sherlock couldn’t help but stare. Victor’s eyes burned, dark with lust; his chest and groin were flush, the latter of which still glistened from Sherlock’s mouth.
Sherlock frowned. Not since they solved the Chamberlain case back in June, actually. Had it really been that long? He pushed the thought away; it had only occupied nanoseconds, anyway, in the eternal wait for the lift bell to ding.
It was a terrible dream, nothing more. He must have blacked out. This was the night of the Midwinter Masque; Irene and Kate and Mrs. Hudson were still alive.
She took his elbow, her pleased smile better-suited to a schoolgirl. Surely this young woman couldn’t be much older,
of purposefully tempting a man of Cassiel away from his oath. I’m not Irene, after all.” Moriarty held out his hand, and Mary took it, circumnavigating John to stand by her employer’s side. “No, nothing that obvious. Mary here--does she look at all familiar?”
Sherlock had arrived, suited and ready for a night of whatever the patron might treat him to, only to be led to the bedroom of a posh townhouse and told to strip. When the accountant, Rhys Wilkerson, entered the room minutes later, Sherlock found himself suppressing a wave of dismay.
“Mr. Holmes,” she said, and her tone held much the same tenderness as the priest who’d seen to Sherlock’s atonement. “May I join you?”
Sherlock’s mind, screaming-tired as it was, whirred into action. Where could Mycroft hide him, that Moriarty wouldn’t already know about?
“Only you, John only you,” Sherlock manages only barely, taking it up as a mantra as he  begins to move, fucking himself on John’s strap-on, toes and the balls of his feet digging fretfully into the mattress for purchase against the sheets. He clasps an iron-like grip around the back of John’s neck, pinning chest to shoulders, and uses that point as leverage.
“Hey mate!” Greg calls, and John fights not to gawk: Greg has lost the clip-on tie that went with the sexy cop uniform, and now is clad in nothing but the short-shorts, the hat, and the shirt--which is unbuttoned to approximately his navel.
Dianne squeezed his bicep again, something like sympathy in her eyes now. “I can see what he means to you--it is a hard thing, bound as you are between so many gods.”
Moriarty chuckled. “That’s not the only thing that might get you kicked out, though, is it? It’s not hard to see what else you’re hiding, little Cassiline, not for someone blessed enough to
The house was deathly still, no sign of anyone. The lounge was museum-like, everything as he’d left it that morning; a still-steaming cup of tea, Irene’s phone sitting askew beside it, as if she’d only walked away for a moment.
There had been chastisement and reward, and now Jim had pulled back, removing reinforcement entirely. Submission was not the problem, nor was dominance desired.
As he spoke, Wilkerson grasped the safety ring and slid the plug out and back in, the barest fraction of movement. It felt like leagues and miles to Sherlock, still surrounded by blind-folded darkness and the images his overactive brain couldn’t help but produce. He could almost see in mind's eye the sight of his own cock spread open like an alien eye, speared by this steel bar; he could imagine the gaping pucker of his flesh whenever it slid free, the way precome would dribble freely from the stretched slit. The sensation his brain had originally interpreted as burning exploded in a symphony of bizarre, sweet pleasure that left him crying out around the gag, each noise a plea for more.
John sprung to his feet, sparing half a second to glance at Sherlock, who caught his eyes and grinned. Then the bastard lunged toward Smith and made a paltry attempt at trying to catch him from behind. Smith used that same sharp elbow to catch Sherlock in the stomach before turning, balling up his fist to connect with Sherlock’s mouth.
Jim gave a cheerful laugh as he turned, offering a cordial glass, which Sherlock accepted with a lowered gaze. “Love and hate are two sides of the same blade, pet, divided by an edge sharper than your Cassiline’s blades.”
“Mark… height,” Sherlock said, and that old grief crushed his throat in its grasp again. “Irene’s--as she--”
Behind the obstruction of his gag, Sherlock fought the urge to smile in frustration. Sadist, indeed.
Sally lifted, withdrawing all points of contact. “Don’t you dare. I’m not done with you yet, freak.”
John slid his hand until his thumb pressed gently against Sherlock’s jaw, until they were face to face. Hooded, hungry eyes met his, and John let Sherlock see everything he’d previously tamped down. It was terrifying and exhilarating in equal measure, as so many things were with Sherlock.
John’s brain scrambled to think how he should progress. If he got up to retrieve the bomb from the train or make a hasty retreat, she’d be up again, free to do what she wanted.
“And I suppose I should return the favour. Can you remember something for me, lovely? With that brilliant mind of yours?”
It wasn’t the hearing itself that upset John. Not exactly. Sure, that was nerve-wracking, but he knew it was only an externalisation of the problem he carried within himself.
The creak of the floorboards as Sherlock shifted his weight was a noise John had trained himself to recognise. Both Irene and Kate had softer footfalls, their steps closer together, and usually tapped out in the click of heels on the hardwood. But Sherlock largely went barefoot when not required to leave the house, and his gait fell somewhat heavier.
When breath returned and the sweat on their skin cooled, they lay twined on ruined sheets. Sally shifted to study Sherlock. Dark eyes roamed the edges of his outline, the slope of shoulder and curve of cheekbone. When she made it up to his eyes, she swallowed.
. The red spot in his eye is what was once called Kushiel’s Dart. It’s the only outward sign of his appointment, and the last one to bear such a mark lived over six hundred years ago. Sherlock mentioned he’s read the Ysandrine Cycle, and he had the right of it--Phedre no Delaunay, later appointed Comtesse de Montreve in Siovale, was the last one chosen by Kushiel.
He remembers a heavy wooden door, pushed aside in the beginning of a life he never got to have, only got to start, a small stack of freeze-framed photos.
With a sinking, twisting feeling in his gut, John realised that despite all his proclamations back in the council-room, that didn’t make Sherlock’s choice for him. It could all still come to naught, and all it would take would be one word of rejection.
Two weeks. It took two entire weeks between Sherlock receiving that damned postcard and tonight. It was possibly the worst two weeks of John’s life.
“Five millimetres wide, Sherlock. Well within the limits of that gorgeous, elastic tissue in your penis. You can do this. I heard you’re so good at taking.”
Personally, with John being as obstinate as he was, Sherlock wanted to throttle him, just a little. Just enough to get his frustration across. Instead he let out a longsuffering exhalation and wrote,
“It’s obvious, you know--you can’t stand me. You want to do--” Moriarty leaned in, and his godawful cologne clogged John’s nose. “--Horrible, violent things to me. Things that might get you kicked out of the Brotherhood, hm?”
Sherlock had let bloody sentiment skew his judgement. It made him no better than any of those stereotypes of doe-eyed adepts falling for the first patron that took them. Except
John lifted a hand and cut him off before he said anything stupid. “I stood there, yes, thinking of what it would mean to come in here. I am making this choice freely.”
As he turned to go, Sherlock caught him by the arm, his grasp like a brand on John’s bicep. “John, wait--” he looked as startled as John had felt a moment before, glancing down at his hand on John before meeting his eye, blinking quickly away. “Wait.”
“Tall, dark, with a red petal in his eye?” The sort of smile Emile offered John now looked just shy of besotted.
Sherlock found himself just shy of giving up, of admitting he had no idea what to do to make his patron respond to him--and that was when Wilkerson pushed himself up on his elbows.
From the corner of his eye he could see as the three of them jerked to face him; he was too busy studying the image on-screen.
John sat back in the chair, utterly flummoxed. These artefacts resting in his lap--they were proof of the last man to make this impossible choice. He was not alone.
“But Camillia, that’s--that’s basically a bunch of supermodels, isn’t it? What could they possibly do other than look pretty?”
Then the bristles of the brush--coarse and natural--trailed along his spine in a threatening scratch. Sherlock twitched with it, each bristle lighting up a small trail of of pleasure. He could imagine the thin red lines that would appear on his skin with each drag of the brush. The thought of being so marked, even temporarily, spurred him to press against her thighs.
Satisfied at a job well-done, Sherlock’s kisses moved further down until he was low enough to swirl his tongue into John’s belly button. At that John jerked, his stomach fluttering in recoil.
close to the Piccadilly line. Maybe this was some sort of… of escape that an ambassador might use if some disaster happened?
In case you've missed it, chapters 22, 24, & 26 are new John chapters since The Great Conjoining (of this story and
And, if John were being honest with himself, if there was some way to drag Moriarty’s name into the mud through all of this, it would be worth it.
A light tapping on the door heralds a mousy brown head, artfully teased. Molly sticks her upper half into the doorway, her mouth settling into that weird pinched expression she sometimes wears when Sherlock has said something particularly obtuse.
“Just a--thing. What’s--?” Sherlock cleared his throat and lifted the anemone. “I mean. Where did it come from?”
Home was safe. At home, John could run through his prayers or his exercises when the noise in his head became too much. He could hide in his room. He didn’t have to face the people he was forced to live with and serve.
Luca flew back, his finger tightening reflexively on the trigger; the gunshot deafened Sherlock. The shot went wide, the bullet burrowing into a wall. The explosion of concrete knocked chunks loose, debris like shrapnel flying into Sherlock, a scattered buckshot of pain.
John buried his face into Sherlock’s chest, his voice shredded. “You’re here, oh Elua, you’re here--”
John’s lips curled into a rueful smile. “Wouldn’t be the first time you’ve kissed me now, would it?”
John, who had leaned forward to watch Sherlock write down his offer, snorted as he read it. “Not bloody likely. I want something different.”
As baffling as everything else in the last five minutes had been, this one thing made sense. An information trade. Reasonable enough, really. Of course anyone as prominent as Jim Moriarty in the circuit of Naamah’s servants would want to be kept abreast. The developments of the case had splashed across the news, as sensational as it was.
Rather than say anything at all, John leaned forward, caught him in a crushing hug. Sherlock swallowed thickly.
They’d been at Norton cottage for roughly a week before that realisation fully crystalised. He didn’t like the place, largely because he now owned this piece of his former mentor’s life that held no proof of
The attendant bowed, a slight bend at the waist and an inclination of the head, before turning silently to lead them through a side door into a more modern-finished corridor, which was disappointing after the dramatic entryway.  The attendant stopped before a closed door and tapped twice with his knuckles, which thudded loud in the relative silence.
With that Jim, released his hair, shoving him to the side. Sherlock rocked, catching himself. He pushed to his feet, and the thickness of his blunder wedged immovably in his throat. He cast about, vision darting but unseeing, as he stumbled toward the door
doing what I’ve been called, apparently, to do. You are the best in your field, and I will settle for nothing less.”
She could only mean Jim. Sherlock’s bile roiled even as electricity arced across his skin. Kushiel’s curse. Elua, how he
Emile and his coworker wheeled the contraption in through the servants’ entry, letting the booming bass from the party within escape into the taut silence of the hallway. Two minutes later Emile and his coworker reappeared, Dianne in tow.
Sally climbed back onto the bed and gestured he follow with the crook of a finger. The way her knees splayed and bobbed, her expression expectant and now surprisingly playful, she put him in mind of a mischievous young man, barely legal. And this--Sherlock had done this. Sherlock had yielded the space and the permission to be in charge, and she’d flourished with it.
Then Sherlock shifted, side-stepping to switch places. Sherlock’s chest pressed against his shoulders, stomach flat against his back as those long, slender fingers snaked across chest and hip to pin John in place. John was immediately thankful for the erratic, flashing club lights, for the fact that he’d thought to “dress” upward and wear a pair of forgiving trousers--it would do no good, he was sure, for Sherlock to
The following month, the Italian D’Angeline embassy was bombed. This time INTERPOL found tenuous connections to a D’Angeline extremist group, the Lies-Beyond Organisation. Despite the clamour for justice and a frenetic scramble made by all manner of intel agencies, no other developments were brought to the public.
Afterward, when Sherlock had been freed from his restraints, when he’d done all he could do to give Wilkerson the level of meticulous attention his patron craved, he found himself stretched supine on Wilkerson’s bed, settling into the sweet ache that came from a really good scene.
would raise in pitch, in frequency. John could hear the way Sherlock would hide his concern less and less, or else consciously show it more and more--
In an effort to ignore his own extreme embarrassment, Sherlock focused instead on his revelation--Amelia was related, somehow, to Victor. More importantly, she was giving him money, but had recently fallen on hard times herself.
He knows that if he’d been sober, he’d have talked himself out of it before he’d even begun with the first button.
there was something perverse with you lot.” His words drawled in a tease, one that held the barb of a threat.
Sherlock stared at her a moment longer, then snatched the paper. He didn’t say a word. Didn’t know what to say, except that John would likely agree with her, if he caught wind of it. Well. That could be conversation for a different day.
She raised her brows in amusement, her face otherwise impassive. “Does your mouth get you into frequent trouble?”
She nodded. Even most non-D’Angelines knew of the pantheon and the ways in which their priests and priestesses served. “So pain really is your thing, isn’t it?”
John led with his right and pivoted with his left, spinning to the side to drive an elbow down against the man’s shoulder. The man grunted and moved to catch John, but in the next second John twisted his torso and drove the heel of his hand hard into the bastard’s ribs, followed with a leg-sweep.
With that, Victor made quick work of Sherlock’s buttons and fastenings, only allowing him to break his pose long enough to strip, before standing erect once more, hands laced behind his head.
A few short hours later John woke from a dreamless sleep, deep and hard, to find the sun shone down on him. In the scant sunlight twin anemones had bloomed, brilliant scarlet against the black soil, just beside his outstretched hand.
He tossed in his bed for a while, letting himself tangle in the sheets, trying to find the right position. His body would have none of it. By the time the house had gone silent John gave up and plopped down at his desk to thumb through a medical journal he’d procured. That had been his dream, once upon a time. Going through med school, maybe being a surgeon.
“Was Lorraine your name, before your time in Naamah’s service?” Sherlock hoped his tone was half as cool as John’s had been. “Perhaps a childhood friend? You do know why that name would catch my interest, I’m certain.”
de Fhirze, what his safety means to me. And what will happen if that is violated. I protect and serve.” His hands strayed, hovered over the hilts of his daggers. He certainly wouldn’t pull them out just to scare the woman, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t imply it.
By the time they left Ames’s office, the night owls had gone to roost, and the early-risers were beginning their day. Only a few hours shy of dawn, and London began another cycle of its bloom. Several blocks away from a Tube station and taxis in short supply, they resigned themselves to the long walk to get to either.
Sherlock had yet to do anything that would covertly win him Jim’s attention--whether it was glancing up in hopes of catching his eye as he placed a dish in front of the patron opposite Jim, or casually allowing his elbow to brush Jim’s arm as he refilled the glass of a nearby seat-mate.
twenty at best. “I appreciate it, Mr. Holmes. It’s lovely to meet you at last. I’m Sister Molly, from--”
“It’s always something,” Sherlock chided himself as he nodded. “And--a cherry Coke.” The terminal ‘k’ sound was emphasised with one of his charming smiles, and John was struck yet again with how young Sherlock looked lately. It almost distracted him from the utter surprise of hearing Sherlock order that much food at one time on purpose with no motive other than to eat it.
. Elua, he was half-hard just standing still for her inspection. Garters. Silk stockings he couldn’t resist stroking.
Even in the middle of utter humiliation, Sherlock’s erection didn’t flag--as much as he may have wanted it to.
John shook his head, forced himself to fight down the terror of what he’d just done. He’d trained the better part of his life to only do this if absolutely necessary. This was not the victory he’d anticipated. Nausea roiled in his gut, but he betrayed none of it.
He knew--could feel in his veins--that this was exactly how to please Jim best, damn any onlookers. His heart beat harder for it, until he could taste desire on his tongue, thick and potent like honey and blood.
Luckily Liu and Hwei-ru appeared through the crowd again and ushered them back to the reserved section of the restaurant.
“John--” The word was a breath on Sherlock’s lips, his fingers gripping the blanket into a vicious fist.
The circling stopped beside Sherlock, and deft fingers slid across his scalp. His voice uncurled like a snake in the sun: “Say it, Sherlock.”
Lestrade let out a quiet hiss, rocking forward to push himself against Sherlock’s palm. Fingers threaded through Sherlock’s hair, not tight, not quite yet.
He swallowed down the embarrassment of stretching across her lap like an errant child, his whole upper body aflame with it.  Once settled, however, Sherlock found it difficult to keep his balance: his legs were so much longer than Helen’s he had to stretch himself out carefully, perched on the balls of his feet, and his hands were absolutely useless, tied in position as they were to lace his fingers together behind his head.
Elua had given him this gift, and though it had damn well taken him long enough, John had accepted it.
“My grandmother stuck to the old Roma ways,” Emile said as if this were explanation enough. “She used to say meeting one of you was good luck. Whatever you need--if it’s in my power, the answer is yes.”
Sister Verreuil regarded John thoughtfully, her grass-green eyes holding his gaze. “Brother Watson, what were your initial concerns regarding Mr. Moriarty?”
“Do you want to lie down?” John whispered, gesturing at the blanket and the roses. “Did I guess correctly?”
AT THIS RATE neither of them will ever bother going back to Baker Street. For John that flat feels as alien as his primary school or the idea that at one point he’d never met Sherlock--relic facts from a life too far removed. But here in Sussex, in this goddamned cottage, rhythm returns even though silence reigns.
John, whose shoulders flexed so nicely beneath the ratty tee he wore, whose godforsaken jeans were just tight enough to show off the flex of his thighs, the swell of his damned gorgeous arse. John, whose jeans had apparently been hidden in the closet since they’d met, as Sherlock had never seen him wear them before that day.
John had just enough time to glance toward Brother Vincent, then Sister Verreuil before nodding and turning on his heel: Brother Vincent, stricken, and Sister Verreuil, curiously intent.
They did as she said, detouring through the empty sanctuary on their way out to light incense before an immense, ancient-looking bronze statue of Kushiel. The god’s face showed a study in compassion and firm disappointment.
Before the doorway of a Nigerian restaurant, John leapt forward to tackle Smith, catching him in the midsection with his shoulder. Smith let out a grunt as they crashed to the pavement. John ignored the jarring thud of impact, the sharp bite of concrete at palms and cheek. He lifted his head just in time for Smith to ram him in the ear with an elbow and pain exploded in his skull, blotting all thought only momentarily. It  was just enough time for Marcus Smith to free himself and dart toward Sherlock.
“Brother Watson,” Jim said instead. “I have made absolutely sure you’ll be provided for tonight. I understand it’s custom for you Cassilines to keep Elua’s Vigil?”
The other entrance wound up being at the base of an abandoned clock tower, long since converted into a lighthouse and then into the same mouldering disuse as everything else on the island.
But Lestrade was interrupted by a ruckus out on the floor beyond his office. Sherlock spun and pried open the blinds; Dominique Chamberlain rampaged, his deep voice loud and furious. Sally and several PCs rushed him, attempting to subdue him.
“He’s a Cassiline. I’m sure he despises me,” Sherlock replied and tried to believe it was so easily black and white. Remembering Jim’s many admonishments, he added, “Daddy.”
just how aroused John was. All around them the music thudded and pulsed, and the heat from Sherlock’s body was enough to make his head swim. As they rocked together to the beat, John felt the way Sherlock’s body brushed against the small of his back and the upmost curve of his arse and
He ran his hands up Sherlock’s sides, fighting the urge to close his eyes and imagine doing the same in the quiet of 221b, with decidedly less clothing. Sherlock faltered for a moment, but found his rhythm, and John was only too pleased to mirror it.
“Besides,” Sally lifted a manila folder she’d been holding, waggled it in the air. “I’m guessing this is what you’re looking for, isn’t it?” Her face betrayed the exact same expression as bullies Sherlock remembered from childhood, the ones who played keep-away with his belongings. “All these names and dates, and
It had been a blessing, during that time, to rediscover one another, to learn how they had each grown. Each had their faults, and thankfully age and distance had made them easy to spot, easier to assess. They truly believed that with enough faith, enough love, they could overcome any of them.
“You went pulling a cat’s tail, Sherlock--you got exactly what you asked for. I might’ve stopped her before she mauled you.”
But Sherlock lost the thread of Jim’s words, distracted by the pad of Jim’s middle finger, pushing gently against his opening. He was still slick, still loose from earlier--a detail Jim hadn’t forgotten. Jim pressed in, just a little bit, and Sherlock squirmed for more.
was a warm thought that budded low in his abdomen as he applied a rigorous twist-and-diffuse to his unruly mop of curls.
But before she could finish her thought, a single gunshot exploded from the chapel, and with a strangled cry, Lorenzo dropped to the ground. Frédérique screamed and Cecily grabbed him to cover his mouth with her hand.
If he had Sherlock’s temerity, he could overwrite that data with the scent of earth, the texture of another cloth--not that fucking blanket. He could memorize the amount in parts-per-millionth of brine in a single cubic inch of sea-water, and maybe that would erase the number of beeps before the final heart monitor flatline.
“That’s most certainly a terrible idea,” Sherlock said, and John could tell he was only half-joking.
The treatment that followed blurred into a haze of sensation: fifteen hands or a thousand, gripping greedy at his flesh, the bristle of trimmed pubic hair against his nose as guests took turns employing his mouth. A cock, too thick to take to the root, pressed deep enough to gag him until his eyes watered, a relentless pace that had him squirming helpless against the fingers of someone else as they opened him up from behind. The muscles in his back, his legs, ached in protest, each strike against his prostate sparking brilliant showers of sparks behind his closed eyes.
They’d butted heads so much since Irene took him on, engaged in silent games of observation and will. Irene hadn’t been a teacher so much as a mentor, though Sherlock had never told her.
His face was wet when John pulled away; his eyes burned and his throat tightened around his words. There was too much to say, too much to process.
“And yet you did not apply to any of the thirteen Houses of the Night Court to sponsor your service?” She crossed to a low settee and stretched across it like a lazing Roman emperor. “I found my time there rather useful, when it came to building myself a network.”
Sherlock, who stood further into the penthouse and behind Jim, cut him a bewildering, accusatory glare that read,
As he worked along her shaft, giving her every possible visual cue he could, he gently circled her clitoris with his thumb, the little nub already swollen. She let out a noise at that, and he kept at it as he licked the length of her cock, just until her eyes squeezed shut and her hips jerked, trying to find more and better friction.
Wilkerson gave a soft chuckle, his lips brushing against Sherlock’s ear. He nipped the cartilage once, hard. “
“He still swears it was an accident--that their wager had gotten out of hand. Wouldn’t testimony from Bryony’s dowayne be enough to acquit him?” Irene asked.
This is exactly what he’d sought all along: the unquestionable love for his ward he’d always prayed for.
“Jim Moriarty,” he said. “There are rumours he has ties to a whole host of questionable organizations.”
began to play. It may not have seemed like the most appropriate time for a fit of giggles to conquer them both, but there they were, limbs tangled and laughing helplessly for most of the song.
But this? Devoid of the flowery fussiness of colour and detail which characterised the House marques, or the sameness of so many of the few independent marques, which tended to follow similarly to House canon, this design was perfect. There would be no mistaking this tattoo for anything other than a unique, independent marque, and certainly not one that would need frequent retouching for the more fickle colours like yellow and orange. This was a blessing, considering how well-used Sherlock certainly hoped he'd be.
Then John made the mistake of looking at Sherlock’s face: usually, every expression Sherlock wore felt fake, calculated to beguile or empower or enrage, depending on what he needed to do to goad people. But then there were moments like these: moments where that facade slipped, and the bunch of his shoulders, the way his face relaxed and those strange eyes instantly shed ten years. Moments like this, where for some inexplicable reason he seemed to want to take John to dinner, for no other reason than to enjoy his company.
Sirens called out in the distance, drawing ever nearer. Sherlock huffed then, pride warming his core. “Thank you, John. I was just about to contact Lestrade myself.”
Throughout all of it, Sherlock could only blink and take in the world around him, a calm having settled inside him like he’d never known.
“Sherlock,” John murmured from the seat beside him, his voice only just audible over the noise of the jet’s engines.
From the helm, Felippa whipped out her own, firing at the other boat’s driver. Just before they closed in on the closest canal into Lido she caught the man between the eyes, and his boat--and the remaining guard--went careening into a docked gondola with a devastating crash.
The next few days dragged on in a haze of frustration, both at being unable to speak lest he lose this bet, and a constant simmer of sexual frustration he was sure he hadn’t had to endure since the age of seventeen.
Mr. Ames rolled his eyes. “I kipped on a cot in the back, and I’ve had just enough caffeine to wake me up without making me jittery. I’m all yours this morning, love.” He gave Sherlock a wink and set to pulling out his tools from the nearby cabinet. “From what it says on your account, you made quite the killing recently. Three whole inches’ worth. You think you can stand my table for that long?” Here he waggled his eyebrows, having grown accustomed to Sherlock’s predicament during their sessions.
“Some help you were! Scary Cassiline assigned to protect me, and there you were with your thumb up your arse.”
Sherlock was torn. This had to be a trick. They were only two hours off from eleven, when the full week ended and Sherlock could speak again. This had to be some sort of hail-mary pass John was making in order to get Sherlock to speak. He’d probably done something to sabotage the furnace to set up this whole sodding scenario. At this point Sherlock wouldn’t put anything past him.
Jim let his fingertips trail down farther, until they slipped below his ballocks, delving into the cleft of Sherlock’s arse. “Tell me, how were the De Fhirze twins? I hate that I missed your little show.”
“I think I’d rather spend the time in Kushiel’s temple, getting flogged senseless for whatever crimes L’Envers is going to try to pin on us.”
. He is afraid and he is alone. I don’t care one way or the other about the allegations he’s facing. I only know that what he’s done, it’s been with love of one kind or another. If you have even a
Sherlock shook his head, unwilling to admit the truth: if what came at the end of tonight was anything as enjoyable and successful as the fumbling tumble with Lestrade, it would be worth this training; if he let Irene down, though, his career as well as his chances with Jim would come to nil.
Jim drew the door open. He offered no smile, but studied Sherlock instead, dark eyes scraping along Sherlock’s skin. After so long, wanting and waiting, this moment had finally come, and with it, a bewildering new landscape. They were no longer acquaintances, united by Irene, but servant and patron. Sherlock’s actions were bound only by Jim’s wishes, and finally nothing stood in the way of that.
Fuck, this was hard to write. Hard enough that I'm still shaky and I haven't even run it past a beta yet, because I don't want to lose my nerve posting it. I know I've said and said it and said it, but I swear to you, there will be a happy ending. Please just hang in there. It's going to be okay just as soon as I can make it.
sounded like the loud, sharp snap of bone in his ears. He came back around the corner and leveled his gun at her.
John went red-faced but ignored his comment, only replying with, “I am bound in service. I go where I am led.”
Silence fell between them as they strode toward the station. It was late enough they might make the last train home if they hurried. The moment was odd--golden and comfortable in a way John hadn’t found yet since his assignment.
“Nervous, love?” Lestrade had Sherlock all but pinned against the counter, arms braced on either side, though they didn’t actually make contact. “First time with a bloke?”
than Sherlock’s, leaving him to awkwardly pat the shoulders of crying children while swearing their losses would be avenged.
“Pleased to meet you,” Sherlock offered, though it couldn’t have been further from the truth. Both Mike and his wife seemed far too soft for his tastes, and he was genuinely glad they wouldn’t be the ones to win his premiere.
Minutes stretch as the afterglow fades, and Sherlock is glad for John’s weight grounding him to the mattress, distracting him from the soreness he’ll inevitably feel when all the endorphins recede from his system. He lets loose a pleased noise, half growl, half purr.
This was such a silly, sentimental thing. Elua, it was ridiculous. Well, never let it be said that love made one behave logically.
That would never be the nature of their relationship, and he knew it in his bones. He was a servant of Naamah. Even now that he was finished with his marque, he could stay in her service. He had it in him to give and take from any number of patrons. But John--John was his polar opposite. He was loyal to one patron only--his ward.
Humiliation seasoned his desire, deepening it from something novel and sweet into a thing savory enough to sustain Sherlock.
the real question, isn’t it? So many of us from the Houses know each other, have history--it’s not like the isolation you contend with, Sherlock. Even between Houses, we’re encouraged to mingle, to build our network as wide and solid as we can.”
When they were finished, Sherlock stood before the mirror once more, unable to hide beneath the gauze, which went on as a simple tunic and pair of rustic-cut drawstring trousers, just tight enough to stretch taught with movement. The diamonds scratched, and the sheer fabric soothed, whispered against his skin. The feathered mask hid all but his jaw and the bright fleck of red in his iris. The velvet collar clung to his neck, the diamond dipping into the hollow at its base.  This would be--
John smiled, something soft pressing against the inside of his sternum. “I didn’t disappoint too terribly, I hope.”
Sherlock couldn’t let himself think of the one person who might’ve be mad enough to take on an island of guards just to save him,
Sherlock, despite the little gutter of warmth he’d felt only minutes before, shot him a wilting glare. “Obviously.”
He was not, however, prepared for John’s pleased little huff of laughter, nor the sudden, sharp pain of a hot liquid dripping once, twice against his skin.
The Brotherhood maintained that Cassiel’s devotion and Elua’s love would fill that void--but here John was, bound for life to the impossibility that was Sherlock Holmes and spiritually lacking for it. It didn’t matter that Cassiel did it for love of Elua. John couldn’t find it in him to do the same--not with Sherlock being what he was.
As soon as he was once more physically able, John relinquished his hold, swiping his hand on the interior of his training shorts before beating a hasty, silent retreat back up to his own room. Once safe within his bedroom, he immediately set to work cleaning himself off--and forming a plan.
John nodded, and moved to the centre of the bed. “You don’t have to keep asking if something’s okay. I’m not a wilting damsel. I promise I’ll let you know if anything’s uncomfortable.”
He thought of his hand on Sherlock’s arm at the police station, and understood something that had always been beyond his grasp: restraint was a form of protection that had nothing to do with his blades or his anger.
The music drifted on until the melody sank into the song’s fields, until it rose with the stars of its descending night, as sweet as honey and as barbed as a bee. The final note drew out, held John frozen in place. And then silence.
John had expressed his worries, once, early on in their romantic relationship, about being able to provide Sherlock with the full spectrum of what Sherlock needed. John may never be the whips and chains type, but Sherlock knew better even then, than to assume John wouldn’t find ways to meet him in the middle.
“You saw!” she half-shouted. “You saw what he did to Roxanne’s daughter. I don’t have children, but I have loved ones. It’s as good as done, if he doesn’t get what he wants.”
“It is no more or less than Naamah’s service for Elua,” he snapped. “Are you implying she devalued herself?”
“John, or Sherlock?” Mycroft asked by way of greeting. The slightest undertone of worry tinged his voice, imperceptible to probably anyone who wasn’t as familiar with his brother as Sherlock was.
She helped Sherlock clean and bandage his cuts, more for precaution than anything; if Sherlock moved with more stiffness than usual, it could only be said the night had been long and rewarding. He dressed in the suit he’d worn there and followed the woman out and to the dining room.
John pinched the bridge of his nose with his free hand. “He was powerful enough that it was easy to believe he could have something like that fabricated, although I did not know why exactly he would want me out of the way for the evening. I did not want to call my employer, my ward, or myself into any possible scandal without clear cause. And he did point out he would be in a very public venue for the duration my time away from Sherlock. It’s still my word against a terrorist’s though, isn’t it?”
When she plunged into the darkness of the cellar’s storage space, John managed to stay just close enough that he could catch the door before it slammed shut, delay it only slightly as he stepped in and to the side, behind a still-assembled Christmas tree, which could’ve easily been six feet or more across, such was its size.
Sherlock couldn’t understand it, though, couldn’t register anything beyond the skull-rending noise. All he could identify was a tangle of urgent Italian shouting. Maybe it was the concussion, but the only word he caught as Luca dashed into the hall didn't make a single bit of sense.
“Christ almighty, I can’t believe the bloody sun is coming up,” John giggled an hour later as he glanced out the window. Across the parking lot and the sparse stretch of woods beyond, the first yellow-grey bands of sunlight silhouetted the leafy branches. He rotated his wrists and ankles, wiggled his fingers and toes. He wasn’t surprised to find that most of his body had gone stiff while they’d occupied their booth. “We should get going, yeah?”
Irene turned a coy smile on him, clearly evasive. “I didn’t take you on as an adept to question me, did I?”
I'm still fleshing out the final details of the giveaway, so bear with me, but I *should* have that all nailed down by the time I post the next chapter... the LAST chapter. See you in 57! <3 <3 <3
of training and certification, the flechette wasn’t made for damage so much as it was pain for the sake of pain. It was vital that a servant of Naamah carry as few scars as possible, and for some the fear of the deadly blades was too much--they wrote it completely from their assignation contracts.
“His name was Joscelin Verreuil. And he chose, as you did. What he did--what you have just done--has been called making Cassiel’s Choice.”
The D’Angeline priest stepped back, joined the London priest. Together they gave the binding declaration.
“Nothing, just the way you said that, is all. You said you were the only one, as if it were ironic.” Something about the coffee, or the weird role reversal that had been slowly creeping upon them in their time in the U.S., galvanized John’s brain, and he felt a Sherlock-worthy deduction building in his skull. “You wouldn’t point out that kind of irony if either you were attracted to women and it was well-received, or if in fact you weren’t the only one in your group not attracted to women.”
“You certainly don’t mean to stay here, then, do you? Either way their lives are on your head. So the choice remains--will you stay here in the back of beyond and
“I want to kiss you,” John said, his breath another warm gust of air shared between them. “All you have to do is say yes.”
Sherlock only barely stopped himself from making a noise of outrage at that. John as good as heard it anyway, and grinned. It was a soft, fonder thing than he’d ever turned on Sherlock before.
But muscle-memory was a curious thing, and his body remembered what he'd tried so hard to forget: how to grip just so, when to twist his wrist or thrust upward against the tight ring of his fingers, the slick heat as precome leaked and smeared across the head of his cock. Tears stung at his eyes, the pyre of his dignity incinerating under the weight of his dream-memory: Sherlock's skin against his palms, the soft shudder and sigh he offered as John caved to his own weakness.
John lowered himself back to their makeshift pallet, one hand carefully holding himself up as his knee slotted between Sherlock’s. Sherlock rocked against him. The friction from only the slightest sheen of sweat making that motion smoother sent sparks along Sherlock’s spine. John’s thighs may have lost some of their tone since his injuries hampered his ability to perform his morning routine, but they had lost none of their strength. Sherlock whined at the sensation.
Was it as simple as blackmail? As much as he hoped his patron wasn’t the type to do that, Sherlock knew better than to assume Victor was completely blameless. He had, after all, been charged with major drug trafficking felonies only a few years ago. One didn’t garner that sort of suspicion without some sort of basis, even if one was later acquitted.
Sherlock offered his hand, giving them his best act. Victor snorted derisively, though Cara and Mike both made appreciative noises at Sherlock’s display. The way husband and wife looked at Irene indicated they’d both likely been her clients, which made no sense. They were both too--too common, honestly, to meet Irene’s exhorbitant fees.
After a moment Helen came back to herself, her smile languid though her eyes narrowed again in purpose-driven focus. “It’s an acceptable start. On the bed. Now.”
The staff member, a woman called Regina, took their coats, making a small noise of appreciation at the sangoire interior of Sherlock’s Belstaff. Regina pointed toward the stair.
After the case, both of them were far too wired to return to their hotel room, and found themselves directed to a 24-hour diner called The Waffle House. John eyed the squat little establishment dubiously, but Sherlock plowed ahead full speed, ducking into the restaurant and swinging left toward a free booth before John had gotten halfway across the parking lot.
The toy in question is a large hollow strap-on, dark purple silicone and artfully veined. Its interior is soft and more pliant than its exterior. Sherlock waits with barely-contained patience as John drizzles a measure of lube into it before smearing more onto his cock. John slips it on, and it increases his girth by another half-inch all the way around, adds to his modest length another inch.
“Ah.” She shot him a glance before averting her eyes, rising from her seat. “I’ll--I’ll just be--yes. I’m sorry.” She exited quickly, closing the office door behind her as she left.
“I really can’t stand that woman. It was a delight to pull her down a peg.” Jim stepped forward, crowded him against the doorframe until that spicy scent filled Sherlock’s head again, muddled his senses. “Daddy is quite happy with you right now, Sherlock. Oh, Daddy will reward you just as soon as he can.”
Sherlock trembled as he knelt, wrists bound in leather thongs to the rough wooden post at the altar. The priests of Kushiel’s temple had led him already through the ritual bath, the simple prayer. All that stood between himself and peace of mind now was the space between his skin and the flog. The anticipation was the worst of it; he knew he was here to seek atonement. It was nothing he had been able to say aloud, nothing he’d even been able to formulate in his own mind, the guilt he carried, until Sister Roberts had given him the suggestion. It was true, though. He did carry guilt, and whether he was really to blame for any of it was tucked in a logic he couldn’t access, not yet, not for the weight he carried.
Sherlock clenched his jaw around the obvious retort, and instead jabbed a bamboo skewer harder into the cow liver before him with more force than was absolutely necessary.
“Looks like we’re ready,” Greg tells him, clapping him on the shoulder. He nearly knocks against the dinky quiverfull of arrows hanging from John’s back. “Get the door if anyone comes  in while I’m getting ready, yeah?”
Sherlock nodded, and rolled over onto hands and knees. He closed his eyes against a new wave of embarrassment, the odd sensation of lifting his bare arse in the air, utterly exposing his most private places.
And so, stomach full and body heavy, Sherlock found sleep between the sun and the moon, anchored in place by their irresistible gravity.
She grabbed the top of his corset, yanking him down to her level. “You’re lucky you’ve got Naamah’s blessing for this. If I caught you on a street corner, I’d have to take you in. Can you imagine what would happen?”
Sherlock tugged at the hem of John’s vest, revealing the firm expanse of John’s stomach and chest. John lifted his arms to assist, but the motion was aborted when his bad shoulder ached sharply in protest.
“Tonight? That’s what I was trained for. That’s the easy part, compared to--” But John cut himself off, his expression shuttered once more.
For his part, John prayed Sherlock couldn’t tell how much his hand was shaking as he cradled and lifted Sherlock’s wrist to his lips. He knew it was a useless prayer--Sherlock could read him like a message in the sky.
John couldn’t stay silent any longer. Not about this disgusting game this bastard was playing with him. “Are you threatening me?”
John frowned. “So you’re saying that you Siovalese Cassilines teach that Cassiel had a… romantic relationship with Elua?”
“Oh!” he gasped, staring at it in surprise. He hadn’t thought she’d actually stick him with it, but the pain blossomed in his finger, sharp and metallic. He tried his best to ignore the way it manifest itself elsewhere. Electric heat tingled in his veins, bringing a hard blush to his cheeks. Instinctively he had pressed the heel of his free palm against his groin, and when he realised she’d seen him do that, he blushed harder.
“--It’s all supposed to be a divine calling. Anguisses are chosen to restore balance. I don’t restore anything, not like the old ones.” Sherlock’s voice held none of its usual crispness, as wilted from his lack of energy as everything else about him. The admission held a note of insecurity. “The old anguissettes. Do you know of them?”
Still, he thought of John’s face the night John had caught Sherlock playing the violin, or when they’d been jumped in the alley. So unguarded, so open. He tried and failed not to think of the secret alley his own thoughts had taken a month before, reading Antinous’s
Sherlock scarcely contained his excitement as he held up the textbook, open to reveal a name scrawled on the inside cover. “What’s your connection to Lorraine Carver?”
John was so keyed up that a distant part of his mind wondered how he would ever manage anything more than a simple kiss, but then he tasted honey and he found he didn’t care.
“Irene has trained you as best she could,” Jim commented idly later, tracing a fingertip along a score curving around the edge of Sherlock’s rib. “I’m almost impressed.”
“Bring that little bastard out here!” Dominique bellowed. “I’ll string Irene’s little lapdog up by his balls! I demand a lawyer for my wife this instant--!”
Sherlock fought not to roll his eyes. “Yes, a network’s all well and good, but you are still well-connected, and I should have an opportunity to learn from the best.” He had a sudden streak of intuition, and pounced on the tactic before he’d considered the possible outcomes. Ms. Adler kept baiting him--it was possible she was the type to prefer her patrons a bit bratty, a bit resistant. Oh, he could give her just that, if it made his case. “Though if they are going to drag out the bargaining process like this despite being determined on the outcome the way you seem to enjoy doing, I may as well just look up all the positions in
He thought of his dreams again, of Cassiel’s stern silence, Elua’s laugh and Anael’s hope. He had failed all of them.
“That’s right,” she growled. “I want to watch you squirm. We’d all watch you squirm until you were gagging for it. Until you didn’t give a fuck who took you, so long as you could get it.” With that she grabbed a garter strap and snapped it hard against his still-inflamed thigh.
Another second and his hearing came back online in time. Officers screaming into their comms, “Suspect down! Shots fired!” Pandemonium erupted as the amassed crowd scattered, their shrieks echoing from the shop-fronts.
Sherlock rose from where he squatted. He threw an annoyed glance to John, who stood in parade rest on the periphery, eyes averted in a way they hadn’t been for Sebastian Wilkes’s corpse.
“This is for the case, isn’t it?” John asked at one point, one eye on Sherlock and the other on the door.
“I swear,” Sherlock huffed, the hallway still swimming in the aftermath of a head injury and the fulfillment of every last prayer he could’ve ever had.
Felippa pushed ahead of them, gun at the ready as she mounted the incline and burst through the doorway.
John does up the straps: black nylon stripes him at the hips and thighs to hold the toy in place. Sherlock can’t help but lick his lips, and he knows John can see the hunger in his eyes.
He jerked the door open to find John standing outside his room, the wide-eyed look of one caught red-handed written plain on his face.
Lestrade grinned, wolfish against his mouth. “I think we can arrange that. Make yourself comfy, by all means.”
Jim lifted the heavy diamond, dangling from its velvet collar. He fastened it around Sherlock’s neck, just loose enough to hide below the collar of Sherlock’s shirt if he did up the top button. The diamond hung heavy against the hollow of his throat; it felt as cold as the December air outside. “This is a present for
A little piece of the puzzle that was John Watson, Cassiline priest and protector, threatened to slot into place, just beyond Sherlock’s grasp.
Sherlock froze. He knew the practice existed, and the rudiments of it, but it had been largely glossed over as a very rare occurrence, something one patron in a million would be interested in giving or receiving.
Then Wilkerson halted abruptly. More shifting on the bed, and with a delicate tug, Wilkerson slid the plug free.
Wide, wet heat pressed and dragged along the freshest cut--Jim’s tongue chasing the blood, and a whole new set of fears buzzed in Sherlock’s brain. Did he normally do that?
She couldn’t have been more wrong. The more Sherlock saw of this temple, the more he wanted to investigate its mysteries.
Maybe it was the coffee, or the sleep deprivation, or the diner-air rotting his brain, but he let loose a hearty giggle that Sherlock joined in. “Uni was... it was boring. Unbearably boring. I didn’t really come out of my shell until my army days, if you’d believe. I dated around a bit, had one serious relationship, and spent my time studying my arse off.”
Sherlock sat back in his seat, wheels turning quickly in his mind. Victor was receiving money from an unrelated source--Chamberlain--in order to keep up appearances? To continue indulging in everything the Houses had to offer?”
“I don’t think this is going to work, Sherlock.” John draws in a long breath through his nose, swallowing hard to work against the knot forming in his throat. Beyond the car, the waning moon does little to illuminate the heath over which their road winds.
“What would you like as your reward?” His words dripped from his lips, poisoned honey. He nudged Sherlock’s chest, tipping him to topple on the bed.
Sally stepped into the office and handed Lestrade the file. “There’s no ties to Victor Trevor on this one--”
Whatever it was, Sherlock had no idea--he could only hope for something in the vague shape of brutal.
“Tonight: was it me, or the dancing that did it?” Sherlock’s voice rumbled quietly against John’s skin, down his spine and straight to his cock.
“Someone’s been going ‘round the neighborhood smashing all the pumpkins and wrecking the decorations. You’ve got to stop ‘em!”
“When I began researching Mr. Holmes, the one thing that became most apparent was that this--this whole business with being god-touched… it’s not the same. It’s one thing to feel the influence of Elua and the Blessed Companions, when we dedicate ourselves to their service. It’s another to be anointed before we’re even born.” He lifted a calloused hand, dropped it heavily on John’s shoulder. “I knew if anyone could meet that challenge, it would be you.”
ALL RIGHT FRIENDS, SADDLE UP AND CHECK YOUR TAGS! There's a definite trigger warning on this one--PLEASE GO SEE THE END-NOTES.
More than that, though, Sherlock found himself seeking comfort in his memories. Frequently they turned to Irene’s affectionate barbs, Mrs. Hudson’s motherly doting. The quiet satisfaction of earning one of John’s smiles.
“It means we trust each other to be there at the end of the day. That in everything he has my best interests at heart, and I have his. This is something he needs that I can’t give. It’s as simple as that.”
due to oral tradition--one could assume that Phèdre’s actions and interactions with their people were significant enough that her legend might be preserved in that way, however twisted as oral tradition is wont to become after 500 years.
Still, he probably already is acting like a sad drunk--not too many happy drunks really holed themselves up with the extra soda bottle’s worth of spiked punch and their friend’s dog in said friend’s bedroom during a party.
Victor pulled Sherlock to him, then, a hand splayed at the small of Sherlock's back, and kissed him until Sherlock's knees were weak, until Sherlock's interlaced fingers strained with the effort of not untangling long enough to wrap his arms around Victor. For one small moment, Sherlock found the heat, the friction that his body very much needed. When his hips brushed against Victor's thigh, need and want jolted through him.
He’d been debriefed ahead of time as to the course of events for the party, and as his blood began to rise Sherlock made his way back to Apollinaire, pressing his back to Apollinaire’s chest, letting his body ripple in waves along his patron’s. The guests pressed forward, feverish hands tugging at his flowing hareem trousers, sliding across his sweat-slick skin. Sherlock’s eyes drooped closed, and he let himself be carried on the sensation.
“This way,” Felippa whispered, leading them down a small footpath choked with more of those gnarled vines. “We can steal one of their boats from the
“Not talkative, I see.” Jim stopped, only a few feet away, and fell into a studied pose of indulgence, hands in pockets, hip canted to one side as he popped his gum and took Sherlock in.
Sherlock don’t know if it was all the smoke or the fact he hadn’t eaten in a day and a half, but a wave of dizziness struck him then, and blood beat in his ears with a sound reminiscent of the silent thump of birds’ wings and the distant thunder of a drum. Sherlock stumbled, his hand striking the incense bowl as he lost his balance, sending its contents scattering in a cloud of smoke, ash, and the spicy stink of resin. When Sherlock opened his eyes, his vision had gone blood-red, though it cleared just as quickly.
Mycroft’s eyes shuttered momentarily--Sherlock counted his dig as a win. Then Mycroft sighed softly, sparing a glance for John, who stood stock-still in Cassiline pose by the door.
“No, I said. I do not know who this person is, and I won’t if you ask me a hundred more times.” The heat in Victor’s words read like so much frustration. “But if you’re a--consulting detective does that mean you’re investigating it?”
“I don't intend to suppose too much, brother mine, but what information can you add to our resources?”
John cannot swallow for the press of his own heart in his throat, pulsing thick and heavy. All he can do is nod, offer an affirmative squeeze of Sherlock’s hand.
His heart beat faster, and he was certain that tonight, The Longest Night, would truly live up to its name.
As Sherlock came up he attempted to swallow, working throat and jaw as loosely as he dared, until molars brushed against Lestrade’s flesh.
“The place is a mess, sorry,” came Lestrade’s gruff voice as he closed the door behind them. He flashed Sherlock a smile, studying his guest once more before he chuckled. “You’re sure we haven’t met before? You look familiar...”
Sherlock fought the urge to scowl, her advice too vague and placating to suit him. Priesthood was certainly out of the question. He couldn’t imagine being a dry old scholar who counselled idiots, or even in Kushiel’s case, administered his punishment. Nor could Sherlock ever see himself going into Naamah’s service when he came of age. The idea of entertaining strangers with Naamah’s arts, of fucking some faceless patron, made his stomach turn.
It was mortifying to think of all he’d missed out on, having fallen prey to his own stupid self-aggrandizing tendencies. His memory echoed loud with his voice, speeding through thick and fast deductions. He’d gotten too wrapped up in his own needs to consider Amelia’s. Still,
As they traded words John sized them up. Their leader was the worst threat--he was twice Sherlock’s size and carried a knife. He’d have height, weight, and reach in his favor. John would need to take him out as quickly as possible. Next was the one with tattoos held himself like one who’d never properly fought before, who intended to use his size without relying on skill or intuition. The one who looked like a drug addicct had a sway in his gait--a scrapper, but not inclined to go in first if his two buddies could handle it. He was as likely to flee as to fight.
That whipped John’s head his direction so fast Sherlock was certain he heard John’s neck pop. “I what?”
“Oh, nothing,” John answered easily, shifting his weight and bracing himself on one thigh as he stretched his hamstring, his calf. “Noticed I’ve been carrying a lot of... unresolved tension lately. Thought I’d exorcise some of it.”
he wondered, but no sooner had the thought formed than he realised it didn’t matter. His love was not for Sherlock to ever discern, not in a manner he would ever recognise. This gesture with the anemone was nothing more than an offering in-hand, a reminder for John to demonstrate his devotion with his actions.
It didn’t occur to him until he’d shucked his miserable scrubs and he’d donned the suit that there was something missing from the ensemble.
Lips brushed his ear, and John bit back a whimper.  “I’m sorry, John. I lied,” Sherlock rumbled. “There is no case.”
One aspect on which they clashed, of course, was his insistence for going to cases at odd hours, for putting his body--and therefore his most enticing commodity--to danger. The arguments were legendary, but in the end Sherlock won--as long as he swore not to get directly involved with any criminal apprehension.
In his room he stripped his muddy clothes and donned his training gear, determined to move through the Counting of the Hours with new resolve, with newfound focus. Before he left, though, the anemones caught his eye from where he’d laid them on his desk.
Moriarty even thought to leave a small, ornate cushion in black and gold jacquard for John to kneel upon. This detail only served to push the idea that this treatment was an overt sign of hospitality Moriarty could claim ignorance to--left to their own devices, Cassilines used no such niceties in Elua’s temple. They knelt on the hard, frozen earth. The pain was reckoned a small sacrifice to pay in Elua’s honour.
Mrs. Holmes shot him a warning look before laying a hand on his shoulder, though she still faced Sister Roberts. “Thank you for your time, sister. We’ll leave our offerings and be on our way.”
Sherlock stopped, and John let himself be studied, for once. His mirth was infectious, because Sherlock bit his lip to hide a smile. His expression became a pantomime of disapproval. “A man did just die, you know.”
Amelia dropped her key card on the table by the door, and Sherlock could tell by her movements as she headed toward the mini-fridge in the corner that she fought to control her body language. She stooped, produced a bottle of mineral water.
He tried not to think of the anger, the guilt, but there it was. Oddly, it made him smile. Sister Verreuil’s words came back to him, the belief the Siovalese held about the nature of never presuming to know the minds of the gods. Elua, if that wasn’t the truth he’d learned firsthand.
But more important were the time-sensitive nature of the crime scene and the imperative that Sherlock not go out on cases without John to protect him.
The plug pressed in a bit further, a matter of millimetres. At each increment, Sherlock was sure there would be pain, but no: it was neither pain nor pleasure, just an odd sensation and sense of fullness his brain didn’t know how to quantify. His every cognisant thought narrowed down to that unforgiving steel implement, sliding smoothly and minutely into his body.
Sherlock woke sometime later, awash in pain. No pleasure trailed in its wake, however. This was brutal, raw and stark. Blood-red swam in his vision, and his arms
“Very little,” John admitted. He’d attempted to learn what he could of their folklore, but there was very little to be found save for the few mentions in the Ysandrine Cycle and a scan of an old portrait. The woman held the same scarlet droplet in her eye, her expression every bit of the same immodesty Sherlock wore. “One stopped a war, didn’t she?”
? What if his parents hadn’t died, or he’d never entered The Brotherhood and redirected his anger? What if he
When Sherlock made a show of groggily opening his eyes and offering his softest, most submissive smile, Victor’s grin turned wicked.
“So I’m going to wind up preventing the end of the world, or something?” Sherlock asked. “I didn’t ask for this.”
They had never gotten so much as even a name for the third murderer, the mysterious adept who’d killed Rachel Howells, the prison guard.
, Sherlock thought, and pelted for the main entrance, which surely had to be the same direction Luca had led him earlier, toward the common room.
“I’ve seen the way you look at me. You might be good at reading people, Sherlock Holmes, but that doesn’t mean I’m blind, and it doesn’t mean you’ve got a perfect poker face.”
He experimented with lips and tongue, and the occasional hint of teeth along her labia, growing accustomed and even bold as he tasted her, until Helen’s composure broke enough that her hands strayed to his hair, until her breathing became uneven and she let out an impatient whine.
“It’s clear,” she whispered, “but I don’t know if anyone was close enough to hear that noise. Let’s go.”
The interior of the hotel swallowed him, all dazzling lights and soft lobby jazz. Disgustingly rich guests milled about, and John fought the urge to look down at his uniform. It had been designed, of course, with service to the high-end in mind, but it was undeniably Cassiline. There was no mistaking his dove-grey trousers and waistcoat with its asymmetric placket lined with gleaming buttons, the leather shoulder-holster that housed his SIG, the shining vambraces encasing each forearm, or the steel dagger hilts bracketing his hips. Who else in all of London
When the shots rang out, when Smith flew backward and the passersby screamed, John only had eyes for Sherlock. He dove forward to pin him against the hood of a police car, the freeze of the hood beneath his palms, the fragile bulk of his ward beneath him. John squeezed his eyes shut, certain any second he’d feel the shock pass and the unimaginable pain of bullets lodged in his body. But that never came.
EACH DAY THE sea recedes a little further until one day John realises he can no longer hear its roar. He is surprised to find he is not afraid--not afraid of its call or that he will succumb to it. It doesn’t call him anymore.
The first blossom of heat spread across his cheeks. When he’d taken instruction in any form of dance, he’d always worn the sort of drab training clothes he did when practicing tumbling or boxing, or any of the other physical endeavors to hone body and mind. This was the first time another human had seen him in this get-up, and he felt more than a little ridiculous in it.
Sherlock frowned, and moved to lay a hand on John’s arm. When John looked up, Sherlock shook his head in protest.
She held her hands out, one holding a golden wafer, the other a glass of deep red wine. The wafer on his tongue melted into the golden sweetness of honey, the wine heady and bitter.
Before Sherlock could ask any more about this marriage certificate Amelia and Jim produced, about Jean-Julien’s secret wife and child, Frédérique continued:
“I understand, if only in a small portion, what you’re going through. You’ve heard of survivor’s guilt?”
Then the prick of Kushiel’s dart and the goad of Namaah’s desire had dragged him to Elua’s feet, who saw fit to curse him with a need for something deeper. He craved physical contact so desperately his chest ached with it: whether it was a pat on the shoulder and Irene’s fraternal regard, Mrs. Hudson’s frail motherly comforts in the form of a hug, or the shallow postcoital contentment that came when wrapped in the arms of a patron.
Just as the orange glow of flame hits the end of his cigarette and the first cloud of smoke escapes him, a pirate of maybe eleven years old runs up to him.
4.) John *is* posted outside the room, and is probably incredibly not happy with it. I did this as much for story logistics as angst-factor for when the two of them get together. But I'll throw the issue of his consent into the mix because when he insisted on being posted just outside he may not have realised what he'd be subjected to overhearing, and there was probably a great deal of discomfort on his part for it. And I'm counting that as a consent issue--"he could've walked away" was not an option, because he is
It was a motto Sherlock had heard all his life, and one he’d appreciated until he realised he could better utilise his brain by deleting superfluous information like how to chat up girls or basics on the solar system. Those chestnuts didn’t factor into his everyday life. They took up valuable real estate.
“It’s a sodding tragedy, and you can believe they’ll do something about it!” The exclamation came from a barrel-chested man seated near Irene, whom Sherlock recognised as Amelia’s husband, Dominique Chamberlain.
Around the second chorus--if indeed it was some sort of pop song--Sherlock twirled back round to face him, still swaying, still bowing till the violin sang its enchantments just for John. But now, now Sherlock gave him a quick smirk, locking eyes with him.
Sherlock’s breath caught in his chest, the sensation rocketing straight to his groin. His mind whirred lightning-fast. Tenuous as his loyalties to Irene may have been, she still owned his marque. Any information he betrayed to his patron could mean she sold Sherlock’s marque to sodding Balm or Gentian house, the two whose clientele preferred much, much gentler pleasures.
But the acolyte only smiled, cupped his jaw in her veined hand. “You brought yourself. That is all the offering Elua requires, brother.”
But the ringleader sprung into action, and each moment became a freeze-frame: the thug shifted on his back foot before lunging forward, his hand thrusting the switchblade forward. A sharp, high note sounded in John’s head, and he sidestepped before catching the assailant’s inner wrist and knocked the switchblade free.
Sherlock grunted, looked back at his guard. The Cassiline stood, arms crossed over his chest, a few feet behind Sherlock.
When Sherlock unlatched from John’s shoulder, he squeezed him once before pulling back. “Hold that thought.”
be able to order a few physical, fancy book-bound copies of this beastie, and if that's the case, I'm going to host a drawing for them (mainly because I've worked so hard on this that
, came Maria Callas’s cry from memory. He hadn’t listened to Puccini since the day he’d read the Ysandrine Cycle, more than ten years prior. How apt.
Sherlock and John rode in silence to the Trevor estate on the outskirts of the city, in the back of the sleek black saloon Irene contracted for the evening. John sat up front by the driver, leaving the expanse of the backseat to Sherlock. Even still, John's ire radiated off him in waves.
Of course John was a fool. He felt physically ill just remembering the cleanness, the absolution of waking that morning in Elua’s temple, twin anemones blossomed just for him. He'd been so, so wrong.
“The--goddamn--dildo--you--utter--arse--please--John--please.” Sherlock’s litany continues, curses and cries sung into those sheets, now moist with sweat and saliva until Sherlock snaps his head round to glare at John, and only then does John relent.
He closed his eyes, trying desperately to breathe in deep and let it go. That’s what the Brotherhood had taught him to do: rid himself of the anger that flared so easily in him. The lesson was always the same: unless he could channel the anger, the fear, to fuel combat, it held no place in the breast of a Cassiline warrior-priest. All it would do was obfuscate the senses and endanger the heart to worldly ways.
Sherlock was close to hyperventilating around his gag, his head shaking side to side. He tried to protest again.
John’s fingers tangled tightly in Sherlock’s hair and he bit Sherlock’s bottom lip just a little rougher. Sherlock’s head swam.
There was no art in Sherlock’s response, only that he begged with his body, for every last bite, pinch, and hard-won caress. The mesh clung to him, sweaty, his skin scored in spots where the diamonds pressed in or dragged, impossibly tight at the shoulder and groin from the way Sherlock twisted and writhed.
Sherlock gave him a dubious eyebrow raise before taking another swig of cherry Coke. He slid two of the unused creamer packs across the table toward him, and lined them up before balancing a third atop them. “First, I’ve heard that this is how one goes about friendly conversation. I’m not averse to hearing your take on the matter--you’re a good storyteller, John.”
Jim closed the meagre distance between them then, invading Sherlock’s space like it was his to claim, and ran a knuckle along Sherlock’s cheek. Sherlock tried to relax under Jim’s gaze, the way those eyes flickered back and forth across his skin. It was impossible.
John found himself simultaneously touched that she would offer that level of concern as well as dismayed at the necessity for such a warning. He offered a her a smile that didn’t do much to conceal either emotion, rather than his usual denial.
Beside him, John went deathly still, but Sherlock was beyond caring. Midwinter Solstice couldn’t come soon enough.
“Ah,” Wilkerson replied. “Yes.” He cleared his throat, clearly scrambling for something else to say.
John had seen a good deal of unpleasant things in his day--he’d opted to take rudimentary emergency medical training during his rearing within the walls of the Brotherhood; he’d pored over the same manuals and anatomical studies as his peers as they dissected what each point of damage resulted in for an assailant, what it might mean for their ward.
this. That arse knew in full that Sherlock would see this framework, and was purposefully using it against him.
With that she reached for the other parcel, placed it across his lap. Something tremored behind John’s breastbone as he undid its wrappings.
Sherlock, who’d been coasting on the dregs of sleep deprivation, woke to the burn of adrenaline, of fight-or-flight in his system. Beside him John stilled. He shifted, body coiled and ready for action.
Lorenzo entered first and stumbled on an overturned chair. The noise as it knocked against the matching desk was enough for Sherlock to catch his breath, head swimming and eyes squeezed shut against the inevitable volley of gunfire; surely the guards heard.
Sherlock swallowed, collecting himself before flashing the smile that John knew promised danger and all things
“To what do I owe the pleasure, Mr. Holmes?” All traces of Ames’s usual levity were gone, his words dry and brittle. “You could’ve waited til morning to make an appointment. You know I’d make room for you.”
“One of the roses,” John answered, his voice even and soft, trancelike. “I know the thorns do their damage, but I don’t want you to forget about the soft petals, either. I don’t want you to be able to think of one without the other, and neither of them without me.”
“When you’ve saved up enough drug money to afford his contract rates, by all means. Until then, walk along.” Steel shone cold in John’s voice, so hard and sharp it cut right through John acknowledging Sherlock’s profession.
But what would’ve come from the fire in his heart? He craved the fight as much as the silence. How would that have gone, in this imaginary life? John had been angry, always angry, before he’d come to the Brotherhood. A bloody restlessness in his heart, his hands, his fists. He could only imagine that having turned out poorly without the structure the Brotherhood offered.
Sherlock shuffled from his bedroom the next morning ready to strop. He had been sure his maneuver the night before would be enough to break John’s resolve, to bring him running. Had John not heard him? It was possible he’d mis-timed himself, that John had already gone upstairs by the time Sherlock had really gotten going.
“Have a care with him,” she said. “Jim Moriarty is brilliant at what he does, but it’s in the way a viper is brilliant at seducing its prey.”
Sherlock considered his options. Either John was having him on, or he was serious. If this was part of some cruel, elaborate game, Sherlock supposed he
From the corner of his eye, Sherlock caught sight of Helen’s dressing table, and his heart beat hard enough to brighten the blush on his face until it spread, mottling the pale skin of his chest, until his pulse throbbed painful and insistent in his restrained cock. The web of ropes caught his ribs as he sucked in a breath until it felt like iron binding his chest, only letting him breathe in tiny puffs of air.
The weight of the top panel lowered onto him--just barely against the top of his neck, enough to feel but not enough to impair. Despite the noise in the room, the click of the tumblrs slotting into place within the lock reported like a cannon in his ears.
Sherlock couldn’t help but think of Lestrade, then. He’d been rough, sure, but not cruel. And afterward, he’d recognized that Sherlock was more use to him as a brain rather than a fuck.
In his periphery, he could see Sherlock tilt his head in confusion. “I...playing the violin made you stop hating me?”
door to find the man himself leaning against the darkened doorframe, arms crossed over his broad chest. For half a second Sherlock considered Ames’s bulk, how that
In Sherlock’s mind, the sensation was too familiar, too dirty to be anything he should enjoy. And yet, and
It was a minute gesture, this give-and-take of fingertips and hands in delicate caresses. Such a small thing. Still, like kissing, this was taking a liberty he’d never had before. He was allowed to act with the intent to arouse and chase pleasure. It was beyond his ken.
It was halting at first, finding the right angle to move their hands, to rock their hips. They found their way until nothing but their heavy breathing filled the air, until John’s toes flexed and curled in the bedsheet, as sweat sprang to cool flushed skin.
“It is my privilege to remind a patron of the blessings Naamah grants us all. It’s my calling to enjoy pain. It’s my training to be observant, to be what a patron needs and take what a patron needs to give.” Sherlock sat up then, apprising her. “You, for instance. You haven’t liked me the entire time I’ve worked with your unit--”
John was even more spectacularly dense than Sherlock could have ever imagined, and Sherlock loved him even more for it. He growled in frustration, grabbed John by the lapels, and pressed him to the massive oak, telling John how much he loved him in the only language Sherlock had left in him.
But the pen faltered as Sherlock twitched it millimetres above the paper in thought. What would be a suitable prize? If their positions were reversed, he knew exactly what he’d request. But that was neither here nor there, since John had never intimated that he’d wanted to act on the occasional spark that flickered between them in unguarded moments.
But from there the conversation had rolled onward without a hitch, and John was content to let the matter drop for now, to think on what Sherlock had said. At one point, the novelty of the digital jukebox--anachronistically modern in the run-down old diner--became too much. John wandered over to it and dropped a few songs’ worth of quarters into the machine. Motown filled the diner, and John bobbed his head as he walked back to his seat.
John looked away. Sullen, prone to fits of rage. He’d scared his bunkmates, those first few months. No one wanted to be partnered with him. Not John Watson, who pulled no punches and let all that rage flow through him and right into the flesh of his sparring partners.
Belfours House was an heirloom of sorts, a country retreat that had been in the family longer than anyone cared to recount. It was where Helen often entertained a guest list that included many of the darlings of elite society.
It would make sense--the servants that went missing after murders connected to them. Frederique nó Bryony, Cecily Noualt... Was he too late to save them?
Inside the box lay his Sangoire Belstaff, a black velvet choker with a diamond pendant that once sat at the hollow of his throat, and a quickly-scrawled note on Berkeley Hotel stationary that simply read,
“Well, he was a very bad man, wasn’t he?” John bit out before stifling something that was definitely
Sherlock frowned, and Jim tugged again. Sherlock flinched, and desire fluttered again in his middle.
John, damn him, flicked a glance in Sherlock’s direction before shrugging. “Beats me. It’s probably something I said.”
Jim quirked his eyebrows at Sherlock, a split-second expression to say that he knew what Sherlock had omitted. He mouth was very nearly a smile. “I happen to have one with me. I believe I’ll have you play while Amelia and I dine.”
Sherlock didn’t have to open his eyes to see the expression he was sure John wore: the stone-hardened blankness he always took when he was too angry for words. Sherlock had seen a lot of that expression in their early days. He had also seen it more recently, any time Sherlock had so much as
of unescorted servants come here to mingle. I’ll text you to join me just as soon as I can. Trust me on this.”
Emile laughed. “I did tell you I’d explain whenever you weren’t on Naamah’s business, didn’t I?” Then Emile started, his voice dropping into that of a first-rate raconteur, “So the story I heard was that a wise woman with the red spot in her eye was childhood friends with the old
A week later John was no better than he’d been the night of the dinner party. He couldn’t forget the way his capricious body obeyed its own whims. His devotion struggled to outmatch it, failed miserably.
“Valerian, right. We should be able to check into their records, see if there were any assault charges against Ms. Howells here and go from there.”
“Good so far?” John asked, smoothing a hand down Sherlock’s spine. Then came the peculiar relief as John’s fingers brushed along his back in random places, picking away bits of thorn that had gotten stuck in the shallows of Sherlock’s skin.
John’s mouth went dry and he nodded. He could only stare as Sherlock took  his hand back from John so he could peel off his t-shirt. Every new inch revealed gently-toned muscle and pale skin: a show-and-tell game with deliberate aim.
. Some of the stanzas have been used in whole, in order, and others cobbled together. Wording is directly credited to the site listed above.
Beyond the Eluine priests, triumph brightened Brother Rocaille’s face at the exact same moment that Brother Vincent’s heart visibly broke.
Time crawled just enough that even though he sprinted down the wide temple steps, he watched every minute change in John’s face as it morphed from anguish to open confusion, a flower opening to half-bloom.
John, though, didn’t hesitate. He squeezed Sherlock’s hand just once and plunged into the tunnel, and the darkness swallowed him whole. Compared to its pitch-black maw, the sacristy glowed nearly as bright as the full moon itself. Sherlock hovered right on the threshold, his breath rattling in his chest.
When John returned from work, he was glad he’d gone to all that trouble over breakfast. Well, not that it was
John clenched his jaw, let his gaze slide out into the sanctuary, to Elua’s ever-smiling face. “I recall.”
“I’ve read the Ysandrine Cycle. Phèdre nó Delaunay was a servant of Naamah and something like a spy, wasn’t she?”
Just like the idea that anyone would bother with him--but that’s a thought just true enough he must push it away before it knocks him out. It will not take much, even now, for him to fall apart.
“One of ‘em lives two houses down from me. Jimmy. Him and his buddy Sebastian like to mess with the under-tens.”
John pointedly tuned out their conversation as he continued making his tea, resolutely focused on replaying his pre-dawn failures.
He thought of the relief and joy that blotted out all else when he found Sherlock, the rash action of kissing him then and there.
This hadn’t quite been part of the plan, but Sherlock thanked Elua and each Companion that John would be left here tonight, rather than hovering at the edges of the room all night, a scowling grey shadow.
)... From here out they'll be updated a little more logically. I'm aiming to have Sherlock chapters up on Wednesdays and John chapters up on Sundays.
There was no way, no possible way, that he’d make it anywhere near London in time to stop Jim’s plans.
John prayed. He prayed for clarity, for strength, for peace. If at any time before in his life he’d felt the presence of the gods he served, they were silent now.
Distantly, he wondered how quickly he might recover, and if he could cobble together some sort of plan to overcome Luca and throw himself from the broken window in the office just a few doors down. The rocks would be sharp, and the drop steep.
They elbowed past civilians, some of whom tried to stop them. Sherlock was fairly certain he broke one larger man’s nose in their escape.
“You trained with me,” John whispered. The wind whipped around him, slicing into the gaps in his clothing, finding the exposed skin at the back of his neck. “You left early on, though. They never explained why. You left Cassiel’s service to join Naamah’s?”
John thought as they rocked together in time to the beat. He kept his hand still, right at Sherlock’s navel, holding him just close enough to feel the swell of Sherlock’s arse against his lower abdomen as they moved. He tried to pretend it was the music, the rush he always felt when he danced this way with someone--but the fact that it was Sherlock, of all people, had his heart hammering in his chest.
John drew in a deep breath, reigning himself. “I think I'm starting to see why Irene hired me. D’you get into scrapes like this often?”
This is new. Sherlock has never deviated from their script, the scrape and whoosh of resting breath, punctuated occasionally with a name like a prayer in the dark.
“It’s a matter of urgency, Ms. Belfours--” came a muffled voice. Sherlock guessed it was one of her house staff.
“Redbeard!” Sherlock sobbed, and the force of his orgasm destroyed equilibrium and his remaining strength, stole the breath from his lungs and the sound from his ears. He jerked and sagged on the chain, drained and limp.
But the warmth in his blood was Elua’s, the first of The Misguided, and he knew it was this god’s smiling face he must turn away from to do what needed doing.
But John, still calm, shook his head. “We have to stay and sort this out with the authorities. He pulled a gun on us, so I was within my vows.” But now the the steel in his voice was gone, replaced by a waiver Sherlock barely caught. Whether it was at the act he’d just committed or the prospect of facing authorities, Sherlock wasn’t sure.
, John thinks with a smile, those old lyrics once again finding all too much synchronicity with his life at current.
Sally’s flat was nothing special. Plain walls with predictable artwork, the sort of mediocre decor befitting someone who mainly lived at her job. But the woman herself was hardly recognisable: hair pulled back in a low chignon while wisps sprang free to caress her neck, bolder makeup that accentuated her cheekbones, her lips. But the biggest surprise was what she wore: a bespoke suit, deep charcoal grey, that obscured every feminine curve and built instead a masculine silhouette.
Fifteen minutes in the air, and Sherlock was ready to crawl the walls of the small aircraft ferrying John, the two missing servants of Naamah, and himself back home. After all the madness, they would have to stay still, to think and plan. That much quiet after escaping an island of guards, surviving a car chase was just unthinkable. Adrenaline careened through his veins, left him skittery and irritable.
At the table Jim and Amelia paid him no mind, content to chat and sip cocktails as they waited for their meals to arrive. All throughout dinner Sherlock did his best to focus on the music, always on the music, lest his mind wander to what might happen
Sherlock clenched his jaw, pushed the plate away. “Obviously, Sister Roberts. I’m not a complete imbecile.”
For an excruciating, tempting second Sherlock considered sitting up and returning the touch, but it seemed… far too intimate that way. Instead he rolled over to glare as he grasped John’s wrist and plucked those fingers from his hair  When he looked up to gauge John’s reaction, he was met with neutrality before an impish smile broke across John’s face.
“Take a seat. The wait hasn’t been too long, I hope?” Mr. Ames flashed Sherlock a polite smile as he wound around to his side of the desk, gesturing toward the chairs.
There *is* one more climax to go, the chapters leading up to it and the final unravelling. We're not quite done yet. ;D
“Moriarty!” Apollinaire exclaimed. “That man--fascinating and dangerous. You’d do well to stay away from him--”
Sherlock shook his head. “Highly unlikely.” He rose again, paced. The evidence was fairly damning--it wouldn’t take much to connect the crime with yet another adept. Even still, he was loath to do so. The idea of any of Naamah’s servants being mistreated enough to warrant murder, of her adepts being so corruptible-- Damn, no. This was sentiment, once again.
With a sigh, John put his mobile away and leaned against the side of the hotel. Fifteen minutes. He could hold out that long.
It wasn’t until Jim released him, stepped back, that Sherlock took in his own costume: a mask of rainbow-black feathers, a slick suit embellished here and there with opals that gleamed like the feathers of a cormorant.
Irene straightened her already impeccable posture. “He does me credit,” she demurred, her tone anything but humble.
John would email the Brotherhood as soon as possible. John rarely had a reason to distrust his gut reactions to people, and Jim Moriarty made his skin crawl.
He’d only been fifteen when Sister Roberts named him Kushiel’s Dart, this embodiment of his justice.
As if Mycroft could read his thoughts all the way back in London, he said, “You will let me know how the proceedings go?”
what I trained for. That’s the easy part, compared to--” John stopped himself, aware of what he was about to say.
A hard slap rang through the stillness, Sherlock’s thigh burning from the weight of Lestrade’s hand. He couldn’t hide the noise he made, then. Somewhere between a keen and an affirmative, it was mortifying. But it did nothing to dampen how much he wanted Lestrade.
. In another, a riot of tiny purple heliotrope grew upward from the base of the spine and extended along the arm as a half-sleeve. Its phrasing read,
Before he knew it, fifteen, thirty minutes had passed and he had drained the mug. He drew in a deep breath, resolved to send another email to Brother Vincent before nightfall. He drained the remainder of the teapot into his mug, tried to savour the bitter taste as it hit the back of his mouth.
For all that the front of the shop had been neutral colours and clean lines, Mr. Ames’s office was an exercise in chaotic eccentricity: binders of his work and other references were stuffed into the shelving behind his desk, two-deep in most places; the walls an array of designs and notes push-pinned to cork boards. His desk, surprisingly, was devoid of clutter, but from the looks of it, he’d probably done that in the ten minutes during which Sherlock and Irene had been waiting. For now, however, his laptop was closed, tucked neatly into a corner. A large, well-loved sketchbook sat on the desk between Mr. Ames’s chair and the guest chairs opposite.
With that she dropped the brush onto the table beside the vase and undid the flies of her trousers, just enough to reveal that she wore nothing beneath but her own skin. A trimmed thatch of dark hair glinted in the sunlight.
John’s edginess only multiplied when the music stopped. He crossed his arms and let his hands rest on the dagger hilts at his belt--traditional warrior stance. It would only take a nudge to set him into motion, and that gave him comfort. He pushed away thoughts of kicking in the door, of doing whatever he had to do to dispatch Moriarty and Amelia. He would pull Sherlock down from some hideous torture device, if he had to, shouting orders and leveling all who stood in his way.
“What point is there in naming a genetic condition with some mystical religious source?” he snapped. “What good could that possibly do?”
“Then use it and I swear to every last of Elua’s companions if you get killed I will find some way to raise you from the dead and I will murder you myself!”
And that was the thought that did it, really, albeit with a well-timed “God, John, please,” emanating from behind the closed door. Heat surged through John until his balls tightened and the heavens opened, the earth shook, and John experienced the strongest orgasm he’d ever had by his own hand. He bit back a cry, riding out the shockwaves as his core muscles spasmed, nearly doubling him over.
Sherlock wanted to throttle himself. What a stupid lapse in intelligent word choice. For the first time in his life, he wondered why he couldn’t have been more like the entertainers of Eglantine House, or the joyful servants of
From the corner of his clouded vision Sherlock watches as John retrieves the bottle of slick, and a tangle of black straps wrapped hastily around something large and purple.
Just like that Sherlock found himself wading once more into the bewildering quagmire that surrounded John Watson. The most obvious thoughts were the simple things that came first: John snorting as Sherlock shot off some of his deductions, or the comfortable silence they could travel in. That was the John he’d come to know in the months after the Chamberlain case. Quick-witted without any need to draw attention to himself or dominate a conversation. Steady.
Sherlock offers the weight and warmth of pressing shoulder to shoulder in a late-night diner, all angles and the subtle scent of cedar and lavender. Sherlock offers John the chance to grasp at small smiles crooked in the corners of his own mouth, unaccustomed.
I'm also also working on a few more prompts for people, as gifts from the Spoilersauce Love-Fest, so expect some more completely unrelated fics & drabbles to start popping up in the next few as I knock them out. :D
The lift ride to Jim’s penthouse flat was interminable. The porter hovered by the buttons and John stood beside him, as silent and stone-faced as he’d been all day. Sherlock still hadn’t the faintest clue why John would be so testy when he didn’t act half this badly on any of Sherlock’s assignations, not in the last several months.
He’d gone through evening meditation and prayer, and availed himself of this precious free-time to watch the match. Well. The television was on, at least.
“Getting there,” Sherlock retorted, unable to keep the full breadth of his heart from echoing in every syllable.
Still, he’s borne it with good humour as they inspect the last of the streamers and fake spider-webs. The nearby dining room table stretches beside them, laden with every stereotypical Halloween treat: graveyard-dirt cupcakes with gummy-worms, little pumpkins made from peeled clementines and small wedges of celery, electric-green punch with a hand-shaped chunk of ice floating in it, a bowl of disgusting sour-cream-and-salsa made to look like vomit. The works. If it weren’t for Greg’s mum making it all before his parents had left for a country bonfire, they’d likely just be foraging on half-stale bags of crisps and soda.
--but in the end there was only so much they could offer. Modelling was ruined. Her ability to take assignations was decimated. Every last option she’d accrued had been taken from her.
Elua above, if the way he teased himself were anything like what he was walking into tonight, he’d consider Victor’s £5,000 well-spent.
He had no one to go back to, not really. Mycroft? Certainly not. His parents, maybe, but they’d never really understood him, not before he’d discovered what he was, and certainly not afterward. His father only barely dealt with his service to Naamah; they hadn’t spoken since Sherlock had taken his vow. He didn’t have friends; patrons didn’t really count, and anyone that came close to being a true friend had died in a little townhouse in Belgravia only a few days ago. He was alone in the world. He could just let himself die.
For as long as Sherlock could remember, he’d had a bright red dot in his left iris, bold and bloody against the cooler hues of his eyes, which were green or blue or gold-shot depending on the light. He had been long-diagnosed with sectoral heterochromia, which explained the blue-green-gold; until then his parents had assumed it was also to blame for the red spot, though no one had ever seen vivid scarlet as a colour manifested by the genetic trait.
It took everything in Sherlock’s willpower not to charge her, to raise his voice above the harried whisper they all shared. “The power is out. It’s sodding January. Those guards are ready to kill. What makes you think those two prisoners are going to survive? We can’t leave them.”
The way John said it unfurled along Sherlock’s skin like the slow-rolling stretch of a cat in a sunny patch, at once aloof and alert.
“Ah, of course,” he replied absentmindedly. He frowned, taking in a minor detail on the back of John’s waistband, revealed be the way his t-shirt had gotten hitched on the edge of it. Two tiny bits of plastic, the sort used in affixing clothing tags.
Sherlock’s heart lept. They were alive. They didn’t have Sherlock’s ability, not quite, to take the sort of damage he could, but Luca had managed to save them.
He recognised the tune. The lilting notes held hands and swayed together. It summoned tall grass on a night breeze, the silence between cricket chirps, a mother humming to her son in bed as she brushed the hair from his forehead.
a giggle. After a moment he pulled himself together. “I think I see now why Irene hired me. D’you get into scrapes like this often?”
“I don’t know,” John admitted, and took a long sip at the Scotch. The warmth of it settled comfortably in his stomach.
A note of affection. More-than-friendly. The only other person with whom he’d shared that in a text had been Sally, and that had been awkward enough, hadn’t it? He’d never repeated that again.
Emile shrugged. “I don’t know. I’ve never heard anyone else talk about it. I thought my grandmother was telling me crazy things. Never gave it a second thought, ‘til I saw your eyes, William nó Jasmine.” He grinned as he said cited their little in-joke.
There in the afterglow, after they’d cleaned and rearranged themselves more comfortably, they curled into one another in comfortable silence. John breathed deep, the haphazardly-dried wildness of Sherlock’s curls tickling his nose. He let himself study Sherlock half-lidded in the gloaming of the dark hotel room, only the lights streaming in from Paris herself illuminating Sherlock’s pale skin.
It was common belief that some of the families once tied to nobility from Terre D’Ange were descended of the gods themselves, that the blood of angels ran in their veins. Just as his mother claimed common Siovalese ancestry and therefore Shemhazai’s gifts, so this Jim fellow claimed direct Kushieline ancestry.
The way she says it rubs John the wrong way. He shifts, feels the first chafe of that old indignation. “What?”
Within the week, Irene had made arrangements to meet with her tattoo artist, one who specialised in the design and rendering of marques. After three meetings she declared that Sherlock was ready to see what they’d come up with.
But hearing it--that Sherlock wasn’t prepared for. Heart hammering against his chest, yes, breath rapidly matching Lestrade’s: he had anticipated these things. He had not, however, counted on his body actually responding to the stimuli. It had never done so at the behest of another person; the way desire flooded his system at that predatory little noise made his head swim, made his vision go red.
“What’s your signal?” he asked, a new realisation hitting him. There had to be some way to ensure to Roxanne D’Arbos that she’d completed her task.
He thought again of the text message Helen Belfours had received, and pulled his own phone from his pocket. Inspired by Helen’s words, he typed the only message he could think of that might pass unnoticed if someone happened to see it.
Sherlock sobbed once into the kiss and clutched at John, fingers sliding through sweat-slick blonde hair as he poured every ounce of terror, of love, of
Sherlock settled back onto him and trailed kisses along his neck, his collarbone, until John writhed with it. He paused long enough to lick a firm swathe across John’s nipple, which surprised John enough he let out an emphatic noise. Sherlock’s eyes darted up, a silent check-in. John hummed a short note, an unspoken request for more. Sherlock obliged, licking and nibbling, his hand coming up to make sure the other one wasn’t left unattended.
Irene, of course, understood the problem immediately and tried her best to soothe: “You really should pick
John breathed in a deep lungful of coffee and bacon-scent, the languor of comfort and sleep deprivation and some unnameable tenderness for Sherlock settling deep into his bones. He offered Sherlock a small smile, scratched his head, and simply said, “Yeah, sometimes it’s hard. But look at you now.”
Eventually, though, cold and exhaustion won out, and he collected his duvet from the couch in defeat.
John cannot breathe, he does not know how, not when the August air is so thick with heat and water vapour, not when the summer sun collects the breeze and holds it for ransom. As much as he
He tensed, breath filling and leaving him in a rush; this was too slight, too delicate to be John’s fingertips, but Sherlock couldn’t think straight long enough to deduce what it might be.
Brother Vincent rose, jabbed his finger in John’s direction, but the fire in his eyes was aimed right at Bother Rocaille. “He was faced with impossible choices our members do not face even in exceptional situations.
Before Sherlock could cut himself off, he saw the fire, the concern in John’s eyes die until his expression was stone-cold once more.
want, brother? This wasn’t a social call--you’ve got some sort of problem only a first-class D’Angeline whore might solve.”
They reached the lobby to find the guard and a woman in sleek black tactical gear dispatching the last of the guards who’d charged the asylum.
John hates lime kool-aid. He hates the punch even worse, but it is better than the keg of shitty beer one of his rugby mates has smuggled in. Well, better in the sense that it’s more effective. He tosses another little cupful back, bites off a grimace. What’d they used, Popov? Whatever it is, it’s godawful.
An expanse of black on creamy skin, irritated and red around the freshest ink, soon to be smeared with ointment and bandaged. Once it healed, Sherlock would bare it for Irene, who would give it the final approval.
Sherlock takes his time answering, as the simple act of recalling the English language is a near-insurmountable task at present. “I... I am going to be incredibly sore in the morning.”
But his prayers went unheard, and somewhere in the distance he heard laughter, warm as the sun. Damned Elua!
Two weeks into their little game, Lestrade called them in to speak with a witness--Private Jack Burgess. They arranged themselves side by side opposite the boy, who clammed up tight about his final days before being discharged from boot camp.
A slick squelch sounded, and the movement of Wilkerson's body rocking back and forth before Sherlock made it all to clear what he was doing. Sherlock could picture it clearly in mind's eye, Wilkerson bent before him, working open his own arse before Sherlock, a pantomime of penetration.
Sherlock was just taunting him with the knowledge of just how different they were. It didn’t make it less annoying. It also didn’t make John want to punch Sherlock any less.
His training far too ingrained into him, John stood at parade rest, staring straight ahead, as Sister Verreuil rummaged through a wardrobe holding her belongings. When she stood, she held two parcels. One was small enough to cradle in her arms, the other one long enough to rest against her hip as she stood there.
Sherlock broke it first. His voice was small and curiosity genuine. “Did you think your job would be easier?”
“Exactly!” Sherlock exclaimed. “That’s it exactly, John. Victor’s family money dried up when he went to prison, so why--”
“One last thing before we move on to the auction. As it is also Sherlock’s birthday, as well as his debut , I felt it only appropriate to present him with a gift tonight that will hopefully be of great use to him in the months to come. Mike, did you--? Oh, lovely. Come on up, then.”
“Admit it, Sergeant Donovan, curiosity’s got the cat.” The way his voice curled--it turned John’s stomach.
In two weeks, Sherlock hadn’t moved the file from where it had fallen to hide beneath his bed, a failure swept out of sight. Flopping onto the floor to crawl under the bed and retrieve it was undignified, but there was nothing for it.
“Spread your legs for me, love,” John said gently. Sherlock could imagine the intent look on John’s face, the one he usually wore when he was concentrating on getting it just right.
Jim sighed quietly, intended only for Sherlock. The ghost of his warm breath tickled Sherlock’s ear, and caught between the pain and the small caress of breath, Sherlock could hardly tell up from down. Jim's eyes scanned upward for Irene.
Dominique looked up at him, purple-faced. “It was that bastard half-brother of hers! His father ruined their family, and Victor wanted to do the same! You should be breaking down his door!”
“Long night?” Irene asked as she walked by, ruffling his hair in an uncharacteristic display of affection.
Sherlock lifted his head to crane over his shoulder. “Your voice was hoarse and I caught the distinct smell of coffee and cigarettes from all the way over here. Now I see your clothes are rumpled, suggesting you either threw them on in a hurry because you ran late this morning or else you’re still wearing yesterday’s clothes. You’re usually an immaculate--if tacky--dresser, but the coffee stain on your sleeve of that hideous shirt indicates that you are indeed wearing last night’s clothes.”
John angled himself between Sherlock and the street thugs. “If anything happens, just get away as fast as you can. Don’t worry about me,” John whispered. He prayed that Sherlock heard him, that he actually obeyed the command.
He felt Lestrade shift his weight on the bed, the noise of a nightstand drawer sliding open, and then the return shift of weight, the click of a bottle cap opening. Cool, wet liquid dribbled against his cleft, and he jerked, making a surprised noise.
John gaped at them, unable to hide the shock. He’d expected the first two, but the third-- “How could you possibly know, or assume that one kiss culminated as some sort of divine punishment--?”
It wasn’t til Sherlock leaned up, and without a hitch in their rhythm he began to work Sally’s strap-on, his eyes on hers. The ring of his fingers and thumb moved at double-time along her shaft, twisting at the crown before plunging down. Her breath caught then, her back arched, and she rocked harder. Then her hips stuttered, the beat faltered, her whole body clenched in the thrall of orgasm. Her nails bit deep into the flesh of Sherlock’s shoulders, until he was sure they’d broken skin, his vision tinged red and bloody. He followed soon thereafter, unable to restrain himself any longer.
That was it, then. Sherlock would live his life, and whenever Kushiel decided to ring him up with his destiny, he’d deal with it then. Or not.
“That’s right, beg for it,” Sally grunted. She released the cuffs, dropping to press her front along his back, to grab onto his shoulders for leverage as she thrust harder, faster. “I want to hear you.”
“Who’re you supposed to be, then?” Sally asks, scanning him over from head to toe. “The black death?”
But then they climbed into the limousine, sheltered from the wind and embraced by the heated interior. In its dimly lit privacy, Jim stretched on the plush bench seat opposite him. “Come to Daddy,” he murmured.
Sherlock’s head dropped back against the blanket, a nearby stem grazing his ear but not enough to distract him from the sensation of John filling him slowly. Once John was done, their hips pressed flush, Sherlock opened his eyes again and tugged John down for another kiss. This one was sweet, unhurried, where before there had been desperate frenzy.
A faint trace of Sherlock’s cologne hid  at his pulse point, ephemeral--something musky and floral and woodsy, just enough to catch the nose before disappearing again. John breathed deeper, chasing the scent, unable to find it before pressing his mouth to the point at which Sherlock’s pulse beat the boldest. If John had any doubt about how this affected Sherlock, it was gone, laid bare in the tell-tale thump of Sherlock’s pulse, hot and strong against John’s lips.
A walkie-talkie on the guard’s belt belched static. Even if Sherlock hadn’t understood the Italian garbled by the cheap communicator, he couldn’t have mistaken that voice anywhere.
“You know I am, Watson.” Brother Vincent leaned back in his office chair, fingers steepled. “You’ve been put up for assignment, and you’re going onto post in a week.” Vincent tapped the folder that lay on the desk between them. “Irene Adler has requested your services for her adept-in-training. We don’t normally honour these sorts of requests, but the subject is a special case.”
“I don’t see why that’s any concern of yours, Sherlock.” She turned then, threw her stony gaze at John. “How did you get into my room, hm? One could assume you’ve gotten in here with your guard to do any number of terrible, violent things to me. My word over yours.”
“Unless she could still provide the House with some sort of service or make them some sort of income,” Sherlock answered. “I have no idea what that would be, in her case. In Houses like Eglantine,” here he nodded to Ames, “it’s a little more obvious. They could still work within their chosen art form to make money for the House, and if they never received a single patron-gift, they’d never make their marque.”
At first the distant noise of the sea, a constant violent roar on the rocks below, had been a break in the monotony. It quickly became the elusive cacophony his languishing brain latched onto, multiplied until it carried the moaning wind like the sound of some weak, ancient goddess wailing.
Needless to say, his mission was proving more successful by the minute, until Sherlock opened his mouth to snap,
“Brother Rocaille--” Brother Vincent Started. “John did contact me several times, at least one of which concerned worries over Mr. Moriarty’s presence. This was months before the events that have recently unfolded. It is very possible--”
He saw stars. Neck Tattoo grunted and hauled him up, shoved him against the brick. Neck Tattoo stifled Sherlock with a massive hand over Sherlock’s mouth, his bulk heavy against Sherlock, his breath hot and sour. Sherlock could feel the hard bulge of a dormant switchblade in Neck Tattoo’s trouser pocket. Beside that grew another bulge, which scared Sherlock even more. Brick mortar cut into Sherlock’s palms and all he could think was,
He'd only just gotten dressed--a trim black suit and charcoal shirt that stretched just this side of tight across his chest--when Irene knocked at his door.
Sherlock, never in a million years, would have ever expected himself to want a woman this badly, to want his own release so desperately that he would gladly accept whatever was offered--and here he was, Naamah’s hand having led him here to Helen Belfours’s bed, and all he wanted was to bury himself inside her, wrapped in her warmth until he shuddered and cried out.
Sherlock checked himself in a window’s reflection. Once he’d smoothed down his hair from where Jim had pulled it, everything sat well: his well-trimmed black suit, a red shirt so dark it brought out the fleck in his eye, marked him as something rare, something exotic. It would’ve matched the
John let out a hum and then the hot wax spilled once more onto Sherlock’s skin: a long spattering over one shoulder, a molten line along the divot in the muscles over his spine. The heat scalded, the pain of it warping into a sharp pang of arousal with each drop. Then, John shifted again, and the cooler gust of his breath helping cool the wax sent a shiver through Sherlock. Pain, and relief, in gentle measure.
“Ain’t a problem. Usually dies down after three anyhow. Y’all need aything else t’eat, or we in for an all-nighter?” Her smile was genuine, as if this were a fairly common practice on a Tuesday night. There was another trio at the other end of the diner all arranged similarly, legs stretched out along the bench, a girl reclining against her seatmate. John figured maybe it was a fairly frequent occurrence.
Even still, nighttime in the kitchen was nearly as peaceful as early morning there. John found an unexpected ally in the stillness, in the solitude he chose willingly.
Wilkerson flushed to his roots, pleased. He rose and began to scrounge for his pants, and then turned back to Sherlock. “I can’t forget this--” he handed Sherlock a Naamah’s purse-card, on which so many patrons put their gifts as an offering of their gratitude above the assignation fee. The PIN card was matte black with a subtle, shiny relief of two hands cupped together. It was standard fare for patrons to leave their gifts on these cards, rather than worry with leaving a substantial amount of cash-money in hand or else writing a check where there was even more of a paper-trail.
That changed, though, as he became a repeat customer--more frequently, and more insistently, he offered to buy her
suspected. And he gave Sherlock the victory. With this one little maneuver Jim had stated plainly in the unspoken language between two intellects:
After some time, he heard the quiet footsteps of the young acolyte that had offered him dinner, as she picked her way across the crinkling grass floor. Sherlock watched as she tapped John on the shoulder, led him half-stumbling back into the building.
So Sherlock played. He let the song drift on, and improvised over it until it held sweet curls of melody, until the sunshine peeked between notes like the promise of a clear morning after the night.
Victor Trevor’s estate crept into view just as the sun was nearly sunk below the horizon. At night it was spotlit in tasteful display just short of ostentation, all white and isolated as it was from anything else nearby. The saloon’s tyres crunched on the too-neat gravel drive, and the tendrils of excitement blossomed into a riot of desire, anticipation, that raced through his blood and tangled low in his abdomen.
Sherlock swallowed hard, ignoring the way his eyes burned as he continued to play. He’d only just found a calm new equilibrium, a home and family, a bright future He’d only just found his place by John’s side.
This wasn’t going the way Sherlock had hoped. He’d honestly planned to have Emile wrapped around his little finger by now. Instead he found himself being interrogated. “I don’t see what that has to do--”
“Quite a birthday party, isn’t it?” Mike asked, to which Sherlock couldn’t help but offer a curt smile. But then he collected himself, playing the overly submissive creature once more.
Had he not noticed the wad of gauze, during all of this? Sherlock supposed it was possible; it had been night and there
, you could say, that keep our little way of life preserved. Mary here is one such agent. She’s as good as giving as she is receiving.” Moriarty winked, and John wasn’t sure how to take that.
Molly sighs and rests a light hand on John’s green-hosed knee. “It’s hurting him, too. You can’t forget that.”
And as her bucking went from fast to arrhythmic, to erratic, as her eyes squeezed shut in concentration and flew blindly open, she finally hit that high note Sherlock had hoped for--her whole body caved in on itself, wrung tight. A gush of fluid, then, dripping from his fingers and palm, sliding across her thighs and puddling below her on the duvet.
Sherlock’s ears rang and his knees went liquid. For the first time in his life, his brain couldn’t keep up. “I--what??”
Elua, he was a threat even like this. Sherlock was so distracted by his guard he nearly forgot his train of thought.
One photograph showed John, arm slung around another soldier, both of them in full kit, sun bleaching the colour from the desert surrounding them. He picked out the tired smile he recognised as the same one John flashed him after an all-nighter, the warmth only barely diminished by fatigue. Sherlock smiled, and moved on to the second photo.
Sherlock sat up, a rose still between his teeth. He maintained eye contact, knowing what was expected of him, as he lowered it onto the pile by the vase. Absently, he licked at a bloody spot on the inside of his lip before he spoke. It gave him a moment to think.
“Down,” Victor growled, shoving Sherlock between the shoulderblades again until his elbows buckled and his cheek pressed against the leather inkblotter. “I want you over the fucking barrel--”
This back-and-forth, keeping his tone and body language neutral though his thoughts raced in opposite directions—for both John and Jim at once—was enough to leave him breathless and confused. Still, he managed. Even with Jim’s back to him, Sherlock didn’t doubt he was still under close scrutiny.
John refused to meet Sherlock’s eye, steadfastly holding Moriarty’s gaze. He hadn’t behaved this way since the first or second of Sherlock’s assignations. Why the sudden change?
If there was one single moment in his life he could encapsulate, tuck away in a little tin box beneath a hidden nook beneath a floorboard in his mind palace, it was that kiss. That absolute absence of thought and rush of
Sherlock’s mouth was molten heat and John needed. John swallowed hard and realised Sherlock watched him: Sherlock studied his face and nibbled at the tendon standing out. Already a rosy flush rode Sherlock’s high cheekbones, eyes blown wide and dark.
Instead, Sherlock retreated into the recesses of his mind, unfolding various scenarios that might occur that night. What brand of scene did Victor intend to set? Could it be domination play, or did he have some sort of sex-dungeon in his cellar? Irene had offered him the assignation contract to peruse, which outlined the boundaries both parties held firm, accepted as a legally binding document should those boundaries be surpassed. But that didn’t detail the scenario Victor intended, merely Sherlock’s rules for the game. All Sherlock could know for certain was that all parties knew his
. Sable briar vines twisted, climbing his spine, tipped in blood-red thorns at intervals, the shaft of an arrow. The breadth of a bow arced from shoulder to shoulder, similarly accented with the red. The dart that marked him, the bow that cast the shot.
Minutes seeped into millennia, and as weak as he was, all Sherlock could do was lie still, in pain, his brain zipping along again in furious circles.  From where he lay, the only information he could gather from his cell lay in the paint-peeling pipes along the rafters, the style of the bed bolted against the floor on the far side of the room. It looked like something from the sixties or seventies.
He lifted the book to slide free a few printouts, obviously taken from the internet.  One showed an ancient-looking sketch in a manuscript, a pattern resembling a briar rose, whose thorny vines would have stretched along the spine of the last anguissette.
By the time he was fully transformed, he’d fallen so deep into subspace that he felt almost disconnected from reality, gliding along, until at last Dianne de Fhirze slipped back to check on him.
The gears in his mind, which had been ticking forward in lieu of equations and chemicals, halted. Ground into reverse, seeking a new avenue.
Then John’s grip loosened, and his hand drifted slowly upward along Sherlock’s hamstring and curved to ghost up over his hip. “If you want me to stop, tell me. I won’t even count it if you say it out loud. You’ll win the game by forfeit, I swear.”
And then, when Sherlock expected another strike, the rough heat of Lestrade’s hand was replaced by silken hardness as he shifted, drawing his cock along over-sensitized thigh.
What if his parents hadn’t died? Or, if when they did, he hadn’t chosen Cassiel’s service? How different would things have turned out?
, or the ability to “see down the long road,”--which is to say, they are seers and can perform divination of both the past and present. (This is not a common ability, nor is it limited to the Tsingani in a form of race-based exoticism. Literally every culture Phèdre comes into contact with, including her native D’Angeline, have their forms of mystics.)
“Welcome,” came a young male voice from a black-robed figure, face hidden by a bronze mask in Kushiel’s likeness. “How may we be of service?”
Sherlock clenched his jaw, set his teacup down with enough force to slosh its contents over the side.
In time, the storm within him fizzled out, left him pummelled clean like the air and the earth after a downfall. Exhaustion claimed him then, and he knew no more.
At times, the revelation gave him strength--he would fight to his death to protect others; sometimes, though, it made him wish desperately that he could stop caring about the fate of hundreds of souls long enough to let the sea swallow him whole.
“No, of course not,” Sherlock answered. “We’ve talked about that, and I very much agree--you may no longer be a Cassiline brother, but getting legally wed would be a mockery of the vows you broke. You’ve sworn yourself to me, and that’s enough for me to be going on.”
John swallowed, covered Sherlock’s hand and squeezed. “I do what I can. Sometimes you even make it easy.”
“Who--what are you--no.” Victor frowned before stretching to look out from under the eaves. The weather didn’t improve his expression. Shaking it off, he held out one arm in greeting. “Please--”
He opened his mouth to reply when John stepped up from behind, laid a firm hand on Sherlock’s bicep.
Slick fingers trailed from Sherlock’s perineum up to the base of his spine, lingering only momentarily at his entrance. He whimpered, his straining legs faltering, which tightened the pull against his wrists until he was forced to correct.
The door squeaked, louder than a gunshot in the tomblike silence. Holding his breath, Sherlock stepped inside.
He also wonders why he’d insisted he and Sherlock come to this party, rather than do what Sherlock had wanted, which was to go exploring the abandoned houses on the outskirts of town.
“What--what are we doing, Sherlock? What happens now? Are we in a--” he faltered, the concept of this word applying to him completely a foreign notion, “--a relationship?”
He rose then, hauled her to her feet and dragged her stumbling after him as he clambered into the train. An innocuous-looking backpack sat abandoned in the very back. He dashed for it, then dropped to his knees and gingerly opened it. Surely enough, there sat a small digital timer and enough plastic explosives to level a city block.
“Good, good Sherlock. You’re behaving so well for me. You’re just wonderful at following orders, aren’t you?”
Furthermore, how could he really look at a woman who condoned--or at least tolerated--their partner having dalliances like this, even with a Servant of Naamah? Was she weak of will, or desperate for him to stay? Mr. Wilkerson wasn’t a large man, so physical coercion seemed unlikely, but maybe he had other means? John suppressed a shudder, fought back the foreboding that pricked between his shoulderblades and behind his eyes. Had he just left his ward with a mental abuser?
Sherlock had told him once, months ago, that he loved each of his patrons, just a little. Would he understand that the same had happened to John, but unlike the fractions of Sherlock’s heart each person might keep, Sherlock held the entirety of John’s damned heart on a silver platter?
“You are one of us, now.” Cecily’s voice was still bell-clear, though her posture was the broken mirror of her proud Camellian training. Now her straight spine and squared shoulders screamed of the desperate stiffness of someone who’d never start moving again once they collapsed. A good stiff wind, and that would be the end of her. “But Luca tells us
was nothing comparable to anything John had known before. It wasn’t like his life before his parents died, defined by the close security of its warmth and light. Nor was it like his time in training with the Cassiline Brotherhood, sedate and measured save for those hours carved out of each day to train for close-range combat. Life in
Ames chuckled and swatted at Sherlock’s arse as he pulled the needle away for probably the tenth time in the session.
Self-edited, but unbeta'd by other eyes. Let me know if you have any questions or see any slip-ups. <3 <3
When they arrived, a soft-faced acolyte offered him dinner. Sherlock was surprised to find that he actually
If Sherlock had expected the kiss to be harried or messy for all that John was a dam broken, he’d not tangled with John “three Continents” Watson, and John would prove it. He nibbled and sucked, sliding his tongue along the lower edge of that gorgeous bottom lip, and when Sherlock parted for him, he invaded without quarter and gave no mercy. The heat from the fire, the scratch of the lace beneath his fingers as his hand rounded the curve of Sherlock’s arse, it made him dizzy with it, until at last he pulled back, breaking the kiss.
