"Lily did it…" Lucian immediately said as the twins walked into the living room. "Well I'm glad to see this phase is finally starting." John remarked then continued at Sherlock's curious look. "The I'm-not-going-to-get-into-trouble-for-you phase…very popular with siblings."
“Alright you two are in this room, Lestrade and I are three doors down. Now put everything away and we will be on our way.”
John sighed yet again and pinched the bridge of his nose. “You’re not living in the living room Sherlock.”
Sensing his shyness Lily took control, grabbing his hand and dragging him up the stairs, not seeing the blush staining his cheeks. She quickly disregarded the order to keep the order to keep in the door open, wanting to interrogate the new person in her life.
This made John realize that Sherlock may not be the ONLY push over in the house...at least on some things.
"Myc?" Greg asked as he moved forward to grasp his lovers hand. (The lover who was most certainly NOT cursing the security of the towel that DID NOT fall off.)
Both twins stopped dead in their tracks at the sight of John sitting in his chair with Sherlock nowhere to be found. "Hey dad..."
Sherlock lifted himself up with a growl and went over to the door to find the doctor standing there with large eyes.
"Alright, I've held off long enough. Lily…" Sherlock announced making the twins stare. "I have to know…how DO you make an EMP out of a disposable camera?"
It only took a week and a half before Sherlock started whinging. First it started with the fact that he was bored ('Sex only helps relieve the boredom so much Jawn!') then it was the fact that he didn't like the climate. Then it was the food. Then it was the people. (They're too nice John. They must be plotting something!)
Soon John had the venue, suits, flowers, the guest list and color scheme picked out. The only part left was the food they would be serving and what kind of cake they wanted.
"Hello Sherlock." Mycroft smiled grimly as Sherlock took in the sight of the two fifteen year olds behind him.
“John the boy was obviously lying but I’m not exactly sure about what. I mean he is smarter than to just punch a bully in the face when insulted I’m just curious as to why he felt the need to lie for Lily this time.”
"Oh nothing, you were just sleeping on the bottle of lubricant all night. Actually I believe I can see it's indent in your hip." John giggled as Sherlock quickly turned his body to look at the indent on his hip. "Oh. Well lets go anyway." Sherlock said and turned to get dressed.
"It says 'this will keep you occupied for the near future, have fun' there's no name or calling card…." John muttered then sighed as Lily waived her spoon at her father. "I say we need better locks." Lucian mumbled as he started on his drawing at the counter. "Most people I know just pick them…" Sherlock said as he started poking at the object adorning their coffee table.
"Oh you're awake." John said as he walked over holding a cup of tea in one hand. "John I find that I am not able to get up to greet you."
"LUCIAN!" Sherlock grinned as he came from around his lab to give his son a hug. "Hey Luce! How was class?" John grinned.
"Well my child doesn't go around accosting women!" the man almost screamed, his face turning a brilliant crimson.
“You might want to sit down again brother mine. I have something to tell you” Mycroft said as he pushed two children into 221b.
I have done the same thing only with a baby squirrel...his name was Squeekers and i managed to hide him from my parents for at least a week before they found out...and they didn't 'find out' so much as 'baby squirrel ran up my fathers leg'... My dad let me keep him though! he was so cute!
Suddenly John came out of nowhere and with one hit, knocked the M.E. down, nose bleeding. “If you ever touch her again, I promise you I’ll be the last thing you see.” He growled as he shoved Lily behind him.
By the time Sherlock and John went to bed they were exhausted from Lily's quick switch from anger to sadness. "How does she do that?" Sherlock asked as he curled around his doctor. "She's a sick teenager...its ingrained in them to have mood swings." John smiled as he lifted his head for a quick kiss. "True...I'm just glad we got the flu shot this year."
"But...The man...he survived by eating insects and using leaves as an insulator to his clothing...But...The violin..." He finally responded then dropped onto his chair in defeat.
"That is true you did put an end to it all those years ago…But look how we turned out mother. Neither of us trusts the other and god forbid we end up alone in the same room. I. Don't. Want. My. Brothers. Children. To. End. Up. Like. Us." Mycroft growled through gritted teeth.
Greg sighed and leaned back in his chair to rub his eyes with one hand. He loved these children he really did but they were starting to get on his nerves. How Sherlock and John did this he had no idea. "Well I'm stuck here doing paper work so I can't take you anywhere so I suggest you find something to occupy yourselves with that doesn't include annoying Anderson." He said aiming his pen at the both of them. "Yes sir." They said in synchronization.
"Yes well I knew Sherlock and the kids were plotting something but I honestly thought there were just going to pull some prank. I never thought..."
The twins slept through the next day only to wake up starving the day after. Which was completely understandable seeing as they had spent almost a fortnight in the woods following captivity with a psychotic criminal mastermind. And as soon as they woke both twins plowed through two full English breakfasts each, Lily not caring that she was eating meat. After all spending almost two weeks in the woods would get even the most determined vegan to eat anything so long as it was, in fact, edible.
"Wow the air smells really sweet!" Lucian exclaimed as they walked into the cake shop and he started looking around at the different styles of cake. "This one looks like paper..."
"Fine I'll call him in the morning." The detective muttered as he wrapped his arms around his blogger once more, enticing him to sleep.
"Oh for heaven's sake I DID NOT KIDNAP THEM!" Sherlock shouted making everyone flinch. "Those are MY CHILDREN!" He was getting highly annoyed with the train of conversation but even more so at how they were scaring his children.
Female is hyper intelligent and suffers from what seems to be PTSD while the male suffers from acute panic attacks he seems to be just as intelligent.
"No I actually figured it out on my own. At the moment Gregory trying to take John to the emergency clinic to treat his PTSD symptoms combined with the massive panic attack that the sociopathic arsehole that he's currently in love with brought on."
"Children and a wedding in less than a year. I'm impressed." Mycroft sniffed as he took a small sip of his wine. Sherlock gave his brother a slight nod of his head before turning away. "Congratulations Sherlock and before you ask, yes I mean it." Mycroft intones as Gregory came over to lead him away.
"Now you have the information to locate Moriarty and Moron…so can my brother and I go back to just being for a while?" Lily asked suddenly looking all of her 15 years.
Sherlock listened silently as his daughter recounted her story after he bandaged her arm. "Then I ran home... though I believe I lost the four armed men somewhere along the way as I didn't see them for a few blocks before I got home." She said making him smile. "Lily that was EXTREMELY intelligent of you...only I believe those men in the sedan might have been Mycrofts...but better safe than sorry." He said then froze when an unpleasant thought occurred to him. "Oh don't worry I stole a phone on the way here and called the school, they put me in contact with Lucian who knows not to go home until someone he recognizes comes to pick him up." She smiled at her father.
Rating: M for future chapters due to violence blood, gore and maybe a little something-something between john and Sherlock
“I did it just said shit…how can you watch your mouth It’s below your eyes….” Lily wondered as she picked up the disinfectant spray.
"Alright now we are going to play a game!" One of John's army buddies announced as he brought over a round of shots. "It's called 'Never Have I Ever' and for every question that you have done you have to take a shot." He grinned making them groan. "Alright I go first. Never have I ever... Shagged a man" He grinned and soon the game was rolling with questions specifically tailored for the couple including 'never have I ever snuck onto a crime scene to scare an ME' (Though both John and Sherlock had to take a shot at that one.)
The blogger sighed and rubbed the bridge of his nose. He knew that he should have come alone, it would have been so much simpler.
The next morning. "Alright I found the twins they are getting dressed as we speak, there is no school today so they are all coming in with me after their appointment unless you want to take one or two of them?" Greg asked in a hopeful manner as he watched Mycroft get dressed. The look on Mycrofts face was priceless and sent Greg into a fit of giggles. "I take that as a 'no' then." He giggled and imagined how 'behaved' the twins would be in one of Mycrofts meetings. "That would be a disaster of epic proportions Gregory."
This chapter is dedicated to 1butterfly_grl1 from AO3 who gave me the prompt of the twins cooking or baking something for Sherlock and John…and maybe Mycroft, maybe no Mycroft, we’ll see if he decides to pop in later.
Lily grinned at that news. She had forgotten that Moran was to be sent on 'special assignment' tomorrow. "Nice! Now the only problem is..."
"I thought they would have asked for something more...elaborate." Moriarty sighed as he shook his head in confusion. "Go out and see what they're doing would you?"
Sherlock looked down at John with look of horror before his expression turned dark. "If that's how you want to play it..." He smiled darkly before grabbing another slice of the cake and splattering it on his husbands face, making him laugh.
This got John laughing as Sherlock pulled a wad of papers out of his jacket. "I'm sorry would you please give me a minute?"
"Alright Mr. Holmes, Mr. Watson...children. This first one is a simple french vanilla cake with a ganache icing with chocolate liquor and cocoa instead of vegetable oil. It has a luxurious shine when hardens."
"Essentially lily's death would hurt a lot more but he would lose his leverage. Sherlock would hesitate if lily were Moriarty's captive as her safety would be paramount in his mind. He would hesitate to ensure her safety but if Lily was killed...." John trailed off as he hugged the girl harder. "I would hunt Moriarty down and make his worst nightmares come to fruition." Sherlock growled as he placed a protective arm around his son. "And that goes for you as well Lucian." He said as he gave a kiss to the boy’s hair who gave a half-hearted grumble of protest at the action.
"Well the British Government doesn't kneel for just anyone you know." John's blue eyes danced. Greg grinned and slapped his friend on his uninjured shoulder while behind them Sherlock and Mycroft faced off.
"Alright so summer under a canopy which means light weight suits." Sherlock said as he wrote it down.
Lucian and Lily walked over to the two on the couch (To be fair Lucian dragged Lily). "Hello….John we wish to apologize for our previous behavior today as well as our remarks over the uniforms…" Lucian said looking contrite while Lily only looked perturbed. "Thank you…are either of you two hungry?" John asked with a smile moving away from their father. "Famished.
It was at this point that Sherlock realized that both children did not see this as a permanent home. And going by how old their clothes are, that they were more than likely abused by their mother as well.
“Sherlock you do realize that you’ll have to take a case soon. Otherwise the yard won’t leave us alone.” John remarked as he pulled out a book.
John stared at the mess in the kitchen then turned his wide eyes to the twins. He couldn’t help it, he just started laughing.
Sherlock was laying against the headboard with a book open in his lap and Lily was curled up against him with her head on his chest. The only difference between then and now was that Sherlock was getting some grey hairs (Giving him a distinguished look if you asked John) and the girl was now a little older. But you are never too old to need your father and sometimes you need to be reminded that there is always a place that you can go to forget your worries.
"You do realize that they are going to kill us right?" Lucian asked his sister who lounged on the bed. "But did you see the look on Tinsdales face when he started the engine and his car still didn't move even though he gunned it?! PRICELESS!" she roared in laughter. "Still…Sherlock and John aren't going to be happy with us…" Lucian replied laying next to his sister.
Both children appeared to be around 14 or 15 years old with similar facial features. One was male and the other female. Both children had pitch black hair which only accentuated their pale skin. Both children were wearing clothes that looked to have been handed down from their grandparents going by the holes. But what shocked Sherlock and John was the fact that both children looked almost exactly like Sherlock.
Lily signed, walking up to the blackboard only to start writing with a small piece of chalk muttering about 'idiocy' and 'moronic teachers' before tossing the chalk piece to the open mouthed teacher. "Can I have that 'A+' now?"
“Lucian…There are times when you will have to hurt Lily to defend her but…names can’t hurt you if you don’t let them. They are just empty gusts of hot air if you ignore them. And I understand that you were only trying to defend Lily, I really do. But in this instance you were in the wrong and I know that John will tell you that as well.” Sherlock said evenly making Lucian’s eyes go wide even as John walked over to sit down next to them.
"Helloo children!" Moriarty sang brightly as he skipped into Lucians room "Hi Jim." They said in unison making Jim stop. Alright he might have a point in the creepiness he thought before continuing.
"Here you go! Roast beef!" Jim smiled at the twins as he pushed the plates in front of them. "You simply MUST tell me absolutely EVERYTHING about the two of you! What are your favorite subjects in school? What are your hobbies? What was your child hood like? do you have many friends?" He rambled on before coming to a sudden stop, as if someone hit took the needle off a vinal album.
Lucian looked up to find the radio exploded and their father standing at the threshold holding a smoking gun.
Soon both grooms were cleaned up and Sherlock happily sucked on the magnifying glass after gleefully discovering the edible glass. "Sherlock!"
"Squire Trelawney, Dr. Livesey and the rest of these gentlemen having asked me to write down the particulars about Treasure Island, from beginning to end, keeping nothing back but the bearing of the Island and that only because there Is still treasure not yet lifted..."
"Alright let's see what we've got here...Wow a whopping 39 degrees...you have a fever." John sighed as he rubbed her back. "Congratulations pet you have the flu. Not surprising as Its going around the schools. Alright I'm going to give you some Paracemtol for your headache and this Is an Inhaler. It has an antiviral In It called Relenza and I'm going to give it to you twice a day. There shouldn't be any side effects and other than getting a lot of rest I want you to drink as much water as humanly possible alright?"
Two: No one would willingly watch them as Mycroft was out of the country, Greg was with him and Mrs. Hudson was off visiting her sister.
alright heres the thing I honestly hate the word 'homophobe' as they aren't scared of homosexuals...they're just assholes... but their teacher is the epitome of asshole but you can't call them that (I've tried and it only gets you into trouble) so there you go on with the chapter :)
ten minutes later Sherlock was free and the children were snickering from the couch. "Alright now which one of you did it?" Sherlock glared at his children who laughed and pointed to John. "John? Why?!" Sherlock demanded making the doctor smile. "You fell asleep while watching the children. Being stapled to the floor should have been the LEAST of your worries." John smiled and took another sip of his tea.
Sebastian stared at the empty air for a moment before running over and looking down the side of the cliff where the waves smashed against the wall. "Oh my god…James is going to kill me." He said before standing up and walking back to where his rifle was laid against a tree, picked it up and then ambled off towards the house.
John was sitting on the couch when someone started pounding on the door. "What the hell?" He asked before going to open the door.
Sherlock’s eyes went wide as he realized that in the middle of his apology he confessed to John. But there was no way to backtrack without hurting John even more. "Yes, yes I do love you John...What's not to love?" He asked and turned his head away so John didn't see him blush.
"Alright Kids! There are a few rules that you MUST abide by. First of all you cannot leave this wing unless its to go to the garden area. This is for your safety mind you. And it's also so we can find you if we need to. Now here are the recreation rooms they have tellys, pinball machines, pool tables, gaming systems. Here is the target practice area, you can find Sebastian here a lot or he's in the recreation area. This is the library, this is my office. ALWAYS knock before entering. this is my room and this is Sebastian's, again please knock before entering as we can be...a little jumpy." Moriarty smiled at the two of them.
The detective moved silently towards John and made a motion towards him, urging him towards silence then into the kitchen.
"Oh my you two are so cute want another cookie?" Molly gushed over the twins who simply smiled at her. "No thank you but do you have any tea?" Lily asked with a bright smile making Molly gush even more. "Of course you just stay right here and I'll get some for you!"
Then Sherlock sat up and looked the woman in the eye. "I did not know that I had children until about a few months ago. My brother showed up on our door step with them and they have been with us ever since…and they seem happy with the arrangement thus far, am I correct in my assumptions?"
"Lily! Lucian!" Sherlock called up the stairs as they entered the flat and proceeded to ignore Harriet.
John froze at his lovers words, hands going still as he glanced at the clock. "Oh my god! Its nine o'clock! Get up their late for school! And no that doesn't mean they can skip school today!" John said as he lunged to his feet and hastily dressed
"Sherlock if they go with you they are not allowed in the morgue… promise me." John demanded making the detective jump. "I'm off to work so promise me no morgue and that you will at least try and behave." He asked making Sherlock pout. "Fine but if Anderson starts anything I'm going to finish it!"
"Sorry about them Sherlock…. and congratulations on your kids…they do look a lot like you but in a good way." Greg joked and held out a hand to Sherlock who looked at him in confusion but shook it anyway.
Sherlock slowly moved his lube slicked fingers back between johns legs and proceeded to open him up to easier penetration. Spurred on by the moans of the man beneath him Sherlock began to rigorously fuck him with his fingers until he was a babbling mess.
"Tired? But he…" Lucian stated but Lily finished. "Looked high and slurred like a drunk?" She almost snarled making him nod his head. "Well we have been up here for a while who knows what they were doing." Lucian whispered clutching her hand in desperation. He knew that if Sherlock were to come in here with the intention to do either of them physical harm they had no way of getting out of there and if HE came after Lucian…Lily would automatically try and get the detective to take out his aggression on her instead. It had always been this way, if someone came after Lily Lucian would jump in and the reverse if someone came after him. But Lily had always been the tougher one even though she was the smaller of the two.
"Lucian what's wrong?" John tried to calm his heart after the not-shriek. "SomethingswrongwithLilydadtodmetogetyou" Lucian said not stopping to draw a breath. "Alright let me get my trousers on and my medical bag and I'll be up alright?" John soothed the panicked boy and reached for said trousers at the same time.
This was going to be a huge mess. All he wanted was to get the two settled in a bit before Lestrade and the others poked their noses into the children's lives. "No we know that you kidnapped them because who in their right mind would let the freak babysit their children?" Sally snarled making the twins blink.
"I demand a different seat. I do not wish to be near these two pillow biters! Go and tell the captain." The woman growled while glaring at the two men.
All thoughts left his head at Sherlock's kiss and John could only hold on for dear life while the feeling of his best friend kissing him wiped away all coherent thought and he was only left with his primal instincts to take.
Lily stomped upstairs and slammed the door shut. This should have been the first sign that something was wrong but Sherlock was not paying attention, too engrossed in his latest experiment. Luckily John was and he followed the angry teen up the stairs to find the girl face down on the bed, her head buried in a pillow. "What's wrong?" He asked gently as he sat next to her prone form. Wordlessly she handed him a piece of paper from her pocket then laid there as John read it.
"I'm sorry that he didn't want us." Luce said as he wrapped his arms around his sister, wanting to protect her from the world but knowing that it was impossible to do so.
John grinned back and shook his head. He and the twins have done this many years now. Sherlock would take a few items from the yard and the twins would take them back.
It was only then that John realized that he was still standing on the staircase and shook himself gently before walking inside the flat.
“First of all no one would have believed that you were the one to break his nose, your too small and obviously helpless. Second of all I was pretty sure that you were going to be in a lot of trouble for the mercury incident so I figured I would take some of the blame. After all, this way neither of us is in too much trouble.” He smiled down at his sister who smiled gratefully up at him then gave him a hug.
Sherlock's back stiffened as he realized what the teen was about to do but almost immediately relaxed as John automatically started sweeping his hands down his shoulders and back only to stiffen as Mr. Perry finds the body of his son. "…Oh…Oh god…" he whispered and clung as Mr. Keating started to sob over his novel. "John…"Sherlock whispered then managed to roll them over until John was on top of him, eyes still glued to the set, tears pouring down his face as Knox gets up to join the students on the desk and the credits start to roll.
"Luce…LUCE! Wake up!" Lily whispered harshly as she shook the person sized lump under the blankets. "Not Lucian." The person groaned as he sat up and before she could flee, wrapped his arms around her wrist to tug her into the bed beside him. Essentially pinning her between the wall and himself.
"Well that's going to be easy…there's nothing here." She muttered back then turned to look at their fathers. "But you're right, we should try to behave…I mean it's hard on John already…crap here comes dad."
Mycroft blinked at the teenager, seriously glad for the first time that she was not older and aiming for his job.
Sandra was sitting at her desk trying to get Anderson to leave her alone when she saw a small girl lean out from the adjoining corridor only to press her fingers to her lips and wink. She didn't know who this girl was but it was obvious that she did not want Anderson to spot her. 'What the hell?' she thought as Anderson spoke. 'Well I think I'd better be getting back."
alright warning time there are a few to go with this chapter (That's why i'm bothering to write in this little box they give me...to give you a heads up)
"Thank god." Sherlock said as they finally exited the plane. He hates being stuck in a confined place to begin with but then to throw his brother into the mix… What was it the twins said? It was bad Juju. “Alright so he gave us very general coordinates. The only thing he knew was that Moriarty has a house somewhere near here. Now I know Sherlock and I know Greek but what about you two?” Mycroft asked.
"What was that all about?" Kyle asked Lucian who simply shrugged. "I don't know, she's been acting odd lately and won't tell me what's going on." He almost snarled. He and Lily have always told each other everything even the stuff that would harm the other. So for her to keep a secret from him was unsettling to say the least and what felt like a betrayal to say the least.
The twins spoke back and forth seemingly ignorant of the adults who watched with growing fascination.
Greg stood in the middle of the living room clad only in a towel. A white towel. A white towel that did not look secure. An unsecure towel that looked dangerously close to falling off.
"Alright Lily you have your flowers? Lucian your fine...Kyle you have the rings...everyone is all set..." Lily sighed and grabbed the lapels of John's dark blue suit and gave a yank making him bend over to meet her face. "Calm down, we have everything and everything is going to be fine. Now hush and let the photographer take the stupid pictures." She said making him smile. "Alright...Sherlock is at the podium and waiting...lets go John."
Lily and Lucian stared at John before turning towards each other and making odd gestures and facial expressions. John assumed it was their version of twin speak and ignored it. Sherlock on the other hand, decided to try and decipher the language. He’s been trying to decipher their language for the last few weeks but every time he thought he had done so the twins had proven him wrong. John was extremely glad that he had been there when Sherlock started flailing and the twins asking John if their father was having a stroke or heart attack.
The very next day John jumped on the phone and started trying to find a child therapist for the twins. He called many of them but only found one willing to rearrange her schedule to fit them in.
"You two are children you know that?" John asked as he placed the cold groceries away then went to the junk draw, searching until he found what he was looking for. "Well we just thought-"
Lily walked through the streets of London with a small smile on her face. She could see the CCTV camera's turning slightly to watch her progress.
"Well it started out fine. Lexy took us on a tour and showed us the loch, the black and white phone box, where Mrs. Mundy ran over her husband because he had a thing with his secretary. Then she bought us ice cream and we sat here. Then she ran across the street because she needed to talk to some guy about something or other. She's been running back and forth for a while now…"
"Sherlock...wanting to hold someone close I can explain. Wanting to make their hurt go away, I can explain. But this...this is between father and daughter. If I have to guess it's a mixture of protectiveness and empathy. Your child is hurting and you want to fix it for them. Which is completely natural. But here, take this soup up to her and then LET HER REST."
Taylor smiled at everyone as he placed the pot roast on the table. "Oh thank you Taylor this looks delicious!" Amalee smiled as everyone but Lily took one piece (Sherlock had plans to covertly shift his to Johns plate later, in small increments and over a set amount of time) and started eating. "Lily sweetheart, why are you not eating?" The matron demanded in a sickeningly sweet voice, drawing everyone's attention to the teenage girl. "I'm not hungry." Came the reply making Amalee glare. "Of course you are, you are a teenager now eat something."
"Shut up git." John laughed as Sherlock took a piece of cake and carefully placed it in his husbands mouth. John could not resist. When Sherlock leaned down to accept the bit of cake John offered he smeared the detectives face with the icing.
"Hey what's the matter?" Mycroft heard and made the mistake of turning towards the voice, his mouth going dry.
"Dr. Lochlan Travis is the twins therapist and from what I have seen, has been very helpful to them."
Sherlock took the advantage of John's confusion at the woman to kiss him on the cheek, angering the woman further.
He pulled the detectives clothes tight against him and down to the floor where he pressed the tip of the staple gun to the fabric and pressed down until the cloth was stapled to the floor. He continued to do this until he went all around his friend, completely immobilizing him. "And that's how you pull a prank on Sherlock." John said with a grin as he put the staple gun away.
"Everyday we've been there Tinsdale has berated both of us with homophobic remarks as making comments that are bordering on incestual…we figured this way he'll learn to leave us alone…" Lily grumbled and squeezed her brothers arm.
“Don’t think too much into it. Perhaps she actually just wants to spend time with you?” Sherlock asked, reading the look on his friends face.
“Would that make it harder or longer to do?” The boy asked, peaking around his sisters naked shoulders to the army doctor.
“Sherlock what the hell- oh. Hello kids.” Greg started to lay into Sherlock until he noticed the twins holding onto the detective’s coat.
"So…I don't suppose Mycroft told you why you are here?" John started off with a confused look on his face.
"You're always there. You're always at my side and I've taken advantage of that. I've taken advantage of you, something I never should have done. But I don't blame you if you never want to see me again because let’s be honest. I need you a hell of a lot more than you need me."
"I did NOT want to have this conversation so soon... But Sherlock...well he's actually a sociopathic criminal mastermind...and he's not your father."
Greg stared at John. He had always thought that he and Sherlock would be the couple to make it through thick and thin. "If you're sure."
“This is my home, I hope they you respect it enough not to make a huge mess. Or if you do please clean up. The doors are to remain unlocked. If you wish to leave I will understand but I hope that you will see this through to the end.” The man said as he hung up his coat and led the children to the kitchen. “This is the kitchen which will remain stocked with food. If you get hungry don’t be afraid to come down and get something to eat. Your room is off the hall here. The loo is here and this is my room. Now please sit down as there is something I need to talk to you about.”
"Shot…what the hell was she doing that she got shot for?" Mrs. Holmes asked her son who stared. "You are assuming that Lily was in the wrong and was shot because of something she did?" Mrs. Holmes nodded curtly. "Of course with her background she must have done something to deserve her wound."
Suddenly he stopped and smiled at the image before him that was an almost exact duplicate of another from years ago.
"Will you stop with the questions already? And get down you're not supposed to be in here at all never mind sitting on my bed." Sebastian finally snapped at the girl who only flopped back with her arms spread. "But I'm BORED!"
It was pink. Eye blindingly pink. She was lying on a bright pink bed with princess pillows with crowns scattered over the comforter. There were stuffed unicorns at the end of the bed and across the room was a shelf full of creepy porcelain dolls. On another wall was a bright pink bookshelf and in the middle of the room was a pink table with pink chairs and a tea set on the table. The room itself looked as though it had been painted with pepto bismol. Curiosity got the better of her and she walked over to the bookshelf to investigate what kinds of books they gave her to pass the time with. Grimm's fairy tales, the pink fairy book, the princess and the pea, the prince and the pauper, the bookshelf was full of fairy tales.
After ten minutes of running and dodging bullets Lily's lungs burned as her legs screamed at her to stop. "Have to stop." She gasped as she rested against a tree only to see a black sedan pull up and four obviously armed men get out. "Shit have to keep going." She gasped and took off, trying to ignore the men that followed.
John turned to look at the twins. Lily held her head high while Lucian looked down at the ground. They were obviously guilty.
"Yep and I'm just a goldfish I know the tune you play. Now play along and I'll make it worth your while later on." Greg smiled as he sipped his drink and Mycroft knelt to brace one foot on his trouser leg. "Unsanitary."
John turned his head very slowly to stare down Sherlock. “What was it that Lily says all the time? I’ll do it by magic.”
When they finally reached the Holmes Estate everyone climbed out of the car to stretch their tired muscles, thankful that they were out of their confined space of the car. "WOAH!" Kyle exclaimed upon seeing the size of the manor. "Yea its beautiful on the outside but full of crap on the inside." Lily remarked as she rolled her injured arm to loosen the muscle even further. "LILY!" Mycroft growled at the girl then frowned at the look that she shot at him. "Oh sorry uncle, its not crap its inventory." She responded with eyes like ice. 'just like Sherlock used to be' Mycroft thought then realized that the pain in her arm was putting the girl in a bad mood. "I'm not invalid I can carry my own bags!" She snapped when Mycroft leaned over to help her.
“I’m doing great. Listen I really wanted to talk to you. I…who are they?” Harry asked finally taking in the kids standing behind John and staring at her. “Lily and Lucian. They’re Sherlocks kids.”
Lily was pulling one of the boys away from her brother trying to get to him when he turned to smack her in the face.
John couldn’t believe it when Sherlock had texted him at the clinic and was a little mad that he missed such a break through.
It was a few days later that Lily spoke to him. Asking if they could have Chinese for dinner and John couldn’t contain himself as he wrapped his arms around her shoulders
John moved to kneel between the two beds placing a hand on their still clasped fingers. "Sherlock…he did go through something and did do drugs for a while but then he found something better and he has been clean ever since…or at least he's been trying very hard to stay clean and hasn't taken anything willingly. If he wasn't then Mycroft would never have brought you two into this house. It would be an unsafe environment and I would NEVER allow for a child to be subjected to that kind of environment." John said rubbing a hand over his face. "Even though it would kill both of us…if he ever relapsed I would NOT let him keep you…"
10:43...10:44...10:45...This clock needs to go faster. Sherlock thought to himself as he glared at the offending object. "Oh stuff it I'm checking on her now."
Sherlock stared at his mother like he had never seen her before. "Mother...she was walking home when someone tried to kidnap her by using a sniper to lead her to the kidnapper. But she thought on her feet and received a flesh wound because of it. In no way was her getting shot her fault and as for her background? I don't know anyone who has lived through what they have and come out relatively unscathed. The only disorders they have is severe trust issues and some co-dependency that they are dealing with." Sherlock said making his mother glare.
"Sherlock, stop it." Trymman said from the doorway. "You are not alone in this; you have resources this time Sherlock. When you first knew about Moriarty I stood back like you asked me too, but this time I REFUSE to let some madman keep my grandchildren. Is that understood?" He demanded then nodded as Sherlock sat up and grabbed his tea cup. "This time Sherlock, he didn't just mess with you, he messed with all of the Holmes's and its time we went to war."
"I'm going to talk to her." Sherlock said as he wiped his mouth with his napkin and started to stand but halted at his fathers raised hand. "I don't believe anyone can help her with whatever is going on in her head right now. Otherwise her brother would know what is troubling her." Trymman said then gave his youngest son a pointed stare. "Sit, now John you were saying?"
Hearing Johns groan is one of the most loved sounds that Sherlock has ever heard and it only served to spur him on. So he kept scraping his teeth on Sherlock's skin, leaving the groans and pants of 'more' and 'oh god' and only after tugging vehemently on his hair did John manage to pull his detective back up his body to snog him with a load moan.
"What the hell? There wasn't any paint in the recreation room." Sebastian muttered making Jim sigh. "I figured as much. What made the fight escalate?" He asked.
"I haven't heard the kids in a while." John remarked then glared at the scoff that Sherlock threw at him. "Relax John they're probably just playing at the other end of the manor."
Sherlock turned to find three pairs of wide eyes staring at him in total adoration. "What?" he asked making them smile. "Papa bears got nothing on you!" Lily said making him blush. "Right…I'm going to call Mycroft about this…Go and…entertain yourselves." Sherlock responded as he slowly walked backwards into the kitchen.
Moriarty grinned as Lily managed to pin Moran down to snap a few photos of the confused and surprised assassin. He was beginning to see why Sherlock liked having them around. Even though they had almost no guile they were quite pleasant to be around.
"Oh my god…James is going to kill me." Lily and Lucian heard from their perch on the wall. "Holy shit Lil." Lucian remarked before looking up the side of the wall. "Did you see this ledge?"
At this Lily saw red and lunged towards her mother, knocking her over to pin her against the floor and each pause was accentuated by Lily slamming her mother's head against the floor. "YOU *SLAM* WILL *SLAM* NOT *SLAM* HARM *SLAM* MY *SLAM* BROTHER *SLAM* AGAIN!" she screamed.
She grinned and ran towards the man, her thick black boots pounding the pavement in a steady cadence until she jumped and wrapped herself around the man she had not seen for almost two years
“It’s nice to see them like that again.” Greg said absentmindedly beside the minor government official.
"NO Mycroft, if I sell you my blue card then you will own them all and then the rent will go up..." Sherlock pouted making Greg laugh.
“Yea it is. Now I already told you I aint givin them away fo nofing.” She snarled and glared at the man.
"DAMN IT!" Lily said making Anderson and Sherlock stare. "Right…" Anderson said as he backed away to flee from the children. "Well that was interesting…" Sherlock said and continued on towards Lestrades office.
"I can't believe you two!" John snapped at the twins who had the decency to look ashamed, not that anyone could tell with all the ingredients they were covered in. Sherlock frowned at his tone and gave him a curious look. "I missed what happened..."
"Of course numpty…and that was worth being woken up at three in the morning for…speaking of which could you try and not wake me like your own personal snow globe again?" john smiled as they curled up in the bed. "Sherlock…what were you even doing up?" He asked gently making the detective blush furiously. "I just…needed to check if they were real…" He admitted making John smile softly. "And I'm bruise free so…you'll not be getting a bed." He said as he became a human blanket once again.
John watched in awe as Sherlock fought with himself then shook his head with an angry glare that was aimed towards him.
"Tinsdale said…Sounds like all of your evidence is not only lacking in credibility its also the hearsay of a homophobic teacher that might have decided to victimize our children. So no they will not be expelled over some ridiculous prejudice." Sherlock announced and rose to his feet signaling for John to do the same. "Mr. Holmes please hold on…if I had known about this previous incident with Mr. Tinsdale this would have not have happened, you have my deepest apologies." The headmaster tried to back track and quell the detectives anger but only received a curt not in response.
As time passed he would greatly miss his Uncle Shamus but when he felt himself slide into that hole of grief he would remember the twins and his love. It would not cure the grief but he had a very good reason to pull himself out of it and start the healing process.
"I think we're good Lil." Lucian whispered and lifted himself up then turned to help Lily climb up. "Alright now that he's off our tail the town is this way." Lily said as she grabbed her brothers hand and started walking towards the western sun. They would have to either walk fast or find shelter relatively soon as the sun was just starting to set.
Mycroft sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. "Mummy…these are his children and John is his lover…you can even run DNA tests if you still don't believe."
Sherlock and John flew the twins home as soon as they were able. Normally they would both be loathe to leave Moriarty to Mycroft but they had something far more precious to them to take care of. Both of them had spoken of their plan of action when the twins had been asleep and knew they had made the right decision by the look on the kids face when they stepped into 221B.
I honestly don't care what you have to say at the moment. First thing in the morning both of my children will be pulled out of the school and your name will be submitted to the disciplinary board.
Any ideas for the sequel are more than welcome The first chapter will be about the twins birthday...cause it was asked of me...
Sebastian's heart melted at the sight of this girl's innocent expression. "That's alright, just a little creepy to turn around and seeing you two standing there chattering then you run off…"
They then stepped back and then watched the coffin as the priest say a few words about the individual that lay inside of it.
"I am afraid you misunderstood before when I said that you have your fathers coldness. You see both you and Sherlock have the ability to detatch yourself from a situation to analyze it in its entirety. This makes you seem cold and if you are not careful you may get stuck like that. That was all I meant. If people look hard enough, anyone can see that you feel too much and that is the reason you do this…just like your father."
Sebastian shrugged and eyed the door. "No idea but that probably wasn't the best plan in the world. Let's not let them fight again."
....olive branches and memories...its  right there in the title...I don't know how to do summaries....not at all
"I love you." Sherlock said as he braced himself over John's frame making him smile. "And I love you too." Sherlock lowered himself down and kissed his husband once again. Soon that wasn't enough and Sherlock raised his hands up to slide his hands underneath John's robe. Moving the fabric down his arms he exposed his husbands body to his gaze then smiling when John did the same. He slid his hands over Johns skin, finding the spots that made him gasp and sigh with ease. "Sherlo-" John's growl was cut off as his husbands hands found his inner thighs and started to play with his length. "John...I want you...let me have you?" Sherlock almost begged as he caressed his lover. "Yes...oh god yes Sherlock" He gasped and pushed Sherlock off to start groping around for the tube of lubricant that he knew he put in the side table just an hour ago. He almost sobbed in relief as he found it then tossed it over his shoulder to Sherlock, remaining on his hands and knees waiting for the cold fingers he knew was about to come. Fingers that never came but Sherlock's moans got louder making the army doctor curious.
Thankfully he was saved from answering as two pairs of feet came running down the stairs. "Alright stop messing around the kids are awake." John tried to snap but all that came out was a breathy reprimand. Sherlock rolled his eyes and ran the tip of his nose up his bloggers neck to settle behind his ear. "Who's messing around?" he smiled and started to nuzzle his ear. "It's not my fault that you're so… cuddly." He whispered sending shivered down Johns spine. But before he could react he rolled out of the bed and pulled the blankets off the bed in one smooth motion. "And you're right the children are up so let's go Jawn."
John smiled at his lover and took his hand. "No I'm not opposed at all actually I am all for such actions."
"What are you smiling at?" he snapped and turned around only to miss seeing Lily hiding from his line of sight.
"We only have one friend, Kyle who that man left at the manor." Lucian responded as lily eyed her roast beef with contempt. "Is there something wrong with the beef?" Jim asked trying not to lose his temper.
While Greg was in the shower Mycroft paced the small room. He did not understand this issue Gregory has with Anthea. For a while he had been very defensive of her and this alarmed the tall ginger.
"Tell me why you helped." She questioned as she waited for Kyle to take his turn. "He tried to hit you."
Sherlock gave him an annoyed look. "If they weren't in one place and just running around then Moran wasn't laying in wait for them. I think that he was just there to do some recon when BAM!" He said and slammed his palm against the table making everyone jump. "His targets just fell into his lap."
"Body parts?" Lucian asked as he watched as his sister managed to dump her tea into Mycroft's while he was not looking. It was only then that john realized what he had said, which only made Sherlock laugh. "I'm a consulting detective and those parts are critical to my experiments Jawn!" he pleaded with his blogger who only gave him a nasty look and a single 'no' that resounded in the flat.
When Sebastian and Lily walked into his office he had her sit down. "Alright I've had enough of this fight between the two of you. Now you will end this fight or I swear I will lock you both in your rooms and you won't come out." Jim snarled at the twins who stared at him.
"Oh it was fine just some scrapes and bruises and a few summer colds." John smiled making the twins stare. "Only idiots get summer colds…" Lily remarked making Sherlock snicker. "Just eat your dinner."
Sitting at one of the benches was a tall man with red hair. He was reading something on his phone before looking up and staring at the twins.
A few days into living with Sherlock the twins were finally getting comfortable enough to stop asking when they wanted something and just went and grabbed it. Well Lucian didn’t ask anymore.
At the loch they were met by a multitude of stares and some laughter at either Lily or Lucian's t-shirts. John and Sherlock sat down to talk while the twins walked away to explore after showing their fathers they had their phones.
"ACT LIKE ONE! They are CHILDEREN!" Jim roared then sat down hard. His name should be moron I swear. He thought to himself and rubbed his temples.
"Thank you for this by the way..." John said absentmindedly as he dropped into an old ratty chair. "No problem. Oh, about the rent, that's paid up for the year." Greg said and before John could protest, ran out the door.
"This coming from the man that forgets about the little things… like eating and sleeping…by the way I do hope that he remembered to feed you or rather john remembered." Mycroft remarked turning his attention back towards the children. "Ah, I see my brother and his…friend have been enabling your co-dependency…I do hope you have not been letting them sleep in the same bed. Perhaps I should make sure that they spend the school days apart at least." He remarked absentmindedly making the twins tremble.
"They look so happy together." Lucian smiled at his sister who grinned back before pulling him towards the balcony to watch the couple laugh and dance. "I"m glad we got to meet them."
“To put it simply John, money. She had seen Sherlocks name in the paper quite often recently and decided that selling the children to Sherlock was a good idea.” Mycroft said as he took a sip of his tea.
Sherlock waived a hand in the air cutting him off midstream. “Yes yes I’m the detective who faked my death, heard it a thousand times before. Now we have about two hours to clear this mess up as our flight has been delayed.”
"WAKE UP NOW! GET OUT OF THAT BED!" a female voice screeched, jolting them out of sleep only to be faced with a livid Amalee.
"Alright you two go pick out your bedding while your father and I go pick up some tea. Meet us at the café?" John asked then nodded at the twin's agreement.
“There’s more. Lucian is in perfect health. Lily on the other hand…she has a fractured rib and what look like whip marks across her back that are still healing.” Sarah exhaled and handed him the kids files. "John...It honestly looks like she was tortured."
"Alright I will have a talk with them about...rules and such." Sherlock muttered as he dragged his friend into his lap and rub his back to hopefully sooth the bloggers raw nerves. "I promise to speak to them then take appropriate disciplinary measures if needed. It will all be fine i promise." Sherlock murmured gently as he felt his John relax against him. "Those two are way too much like you...Where the hell did they get that much Glycerin anyways?" John groaned as Sherlock started to knead his back making the detective chuckle gently.
Halfway through the class riddled with homophobic remarks Lucian jumped as a small piece of paper fell onto his open text book. Inside it contained a single word.
Lucian blinked rapidly as the man continued speaking. "You see a few years ago, Sherlock and I...well we had a small war between the two of us. He even convinced his brother that I'm the bad guy and I was taken prisoner. He lost the war even though he killed many people to ensure his win. He never got over that loss and has vowed to harm me ever since. Mycroft though, he found out about the two of you...not my finest moment i might add. Anyways Mycroft convinced Sherlock that he was your biological father, setting you two up as his children. The perfect leverage against me because you see...I'm your father."
"You know one day you're going to walk into someone...or something." Kyle grinned as he pulled his friend off balance for a second.
"Well ask!" he laughed, finding her reluctance to speak adorable. "What is it you do?" She whispered then hid her face behind her book.
Lily, his little girl, lay In the middle of her bed, unmoving. She did not even jump when the door slammed against the wall in Sherlock's haste to get to his daughter. "Lily?!" he queried as he walked over to peer into her flushed face. Sweat and...fever? He thought as he rested a hand on her shoulder. 'mmnnee." Lily grumbled and swatted at his hand. "Fever...Lucian get John." Sherlock announced not taking his attention off his little girl.
Anyways please help me come up with a name for the sequel...please? otherwise it's liable to end up as 'twincity' or something stupid like that And before you ask my Moriarty didn't shoot himself in the friggin face so yes he will be back. Anyways this is the very last chapter besides the epilogue...
John took his time walking back to the flat. His mind going in spirals trying to figure out a way to not only how to tell Sherlock about Lily injuries but also how to treat the little girl without causing her more pain.
"John I have some..." Sherlock groaned as he threw his body sideways and scrambled for his coat. "Thank god all I could find was lotion with menthol in it..." John remarked as Sherlock drew up a triumphant hand grasping a small tube of lubricant making John smile.
John and Sherlock immediately jumped out of the car to stretch their legs then made the mistake of turning around.
Soon John had the venue, suits, flowers, the guest list and color scheme picked out. The only part left was the food they would be serving and what kind of cake they wanted.
"So How do you think it went?" John asked getting a shocked expression from his lover. "Fine…you didn't tell us that you served with him in Afghanistan nor that you saved his life either. "
"Pain aside little girl you do not raise your voice to your bet…elders!" Amalee growled from the head of the table. "Why not? You have not been my grandmother for a whole three hours and you don't even like me! So why bother vying for affection that you will ultimately refuse to give in the end? And as for you being my better…" Lily trailed off making Amalee stare and sputter at this. "Don't even bother you can sit there talking about manners and decorum and dress fitting you don't know me. But you know what Grand'Mere? I am not some doll for you to dress up and play with so don't even bother. Oh and thank you John but my lack of appetite is from the pain medication making me nauseous not the pain in my arm. So if you'll excuse me…" Her smile cracked at the seams as she fled the room, her grandfathers whisper echoing in her mind.
THANK YOU WIBBLYWOBBLYTIME77 for putting up with me! (She's my new beta just because sometimes my computer turns evil and switches my grammar around on me because Microsoft office word has HORRIBLE grammar...but it can spell i'll give it that.) so yea this is a random stand alone chapter that was requested of me and I do have the general outline for the funeral I just have to write it which is a bit difficult as my computer no longer likes the letter 'M' and refuses to let me use it... this was written at the library until I get my computer issue sorted out... so this will be the last update for a while until then...sorry :(
"Yes we can keep the dog. Now you have to head to the store and grab all those things because they are needed. And no I'm not going for or with you, here's a list of what you need to grab and I'll start looking for a place to make sure he's gotten all his shots and he will need a vet."
"Oh hey Kyle...sorry I was a million miles away." Lucian grinned at his friend who punched him in the shoulder.
Normally this would mean Armageddon for 221B but luckily Sherlock had the twins to occupy his time. About a week into flu season Lily managed to surprise him in the best way possible.
Coming to realize how much I miss you and your brother I am reconcedering my action to give you to Mr. Holmes for such a small price. After all you are both priceless and I am your mother after all. I raised you two and as your mother I have custodial rights and demand to be able to see you and Lucern. Plese make sure that Mycroft is there as well. Be a dear and pass the news onto him would you? I'll be by tomorrow around noon to come and fetch you and your brother
When they walked in Trymman could see the red in the girls eyes and (though he would be loath to admit it) felt a little guilty. "Lily come here please." Though the statement was posed as a question it still rang with authority. "Yes sir?" She asked, her eyes downcast.
Alright people's I've decided that this will only have 50 chapters in this story otherwise it will get to be too long.
After giving the twins a look of warning Sherlock let them out of the car and began the walk towards the funeral parlor, reaching out to hold John's hand gently.
Dr travis pursed his lips before offering the shaking girl a glass of water. He knew that there was more to her dreams than just drowning in blood. But to his credit he wasn’t going to push her into revealing what really went on in her nightmares…not yet anyways.
"What is going on?" Lucian asked frowning down at the angered woman then moved back when she tried to touch him. "They think we kidnapped you two." John sighed as he rubbed his temples.
Lily and Lucian immediately stood and started to glance around for an alternative exit. "Are you two alright?" he asked ignoring their fear of him and taking a step closer towards his offspring.
"I'll take that as a yes." Sherlock sighed as he waved Lily's bouquet towards the people who started to crowd the dance floor. "Alright here we go!" he grinned as he spotted his target, turned around then launched the flowers over his head.
"John, Sherlock, we need to find him before he goes to ground and unfortunately those two are our only way of doing so at the moment."
"Lily wants soup but Lucian wants me to go away…" Sherlock flustered at the doctor who took all this in stride. "Then give the soup to Lily, give Lucian his art pad and then leave him alone…just because they share the same room doesn't mean that one over rides the other…" John said as he leaned against the counter watching his lover go and do the fifteen year olds bidding.
"There was an olive orchard about a five hour walk east of the house. The building the orchard manager lived on looked like a church. Other than that we cant really help much as we got lost quite a few times." Lily said as she clasped hands with her brother.
Temper temper Sherlock and here I thought we were having such fun! Perhaps your son would like to play in her stead? M
The kitchen was a disaster. There was flour EVERYWHERE including all over the twins. There were baking utensils covering the kitchen table (which was covered in flour) and from the looks of it, the blender was trying very hard to eat everything in reach.
"Why do we have to be slaves?" Lucian asked as Lily led them down a corridor. "Because I have the sword…how about I call you my prisoners instead?" She smirked then frowned at the look the boys shared. "Hey Lily? What happens when prisoners are mistreated?" Kyle asked then smiled at her confused look.
"Not a fanny pack Lily, it's called a Sporran and due to lack of pockets they carry all their useful things in there."
“We’re all set for school next week and the kids are actually excited to go. I think they were getting bored not doing anything around here.” John remarked with a fond smile.
"Yes and I honestly think they were trying to make you laugh..." Sherlock said as he walked over to cuddle his blogger close to his chest. "I know but."
"No...Go away." She mumbled from her bed. "Lily you have to eat something...otherwise you won't get better." Sherlock said as he placed the water on her bedside table. "I don't want any."
Lucian and Lily shared a look then turned towards their father and John. “Are you going to stay for it?”
Sherlock immediately took possession of his John and wrapped an arm around John's shoulders. Lily and Lucian however just eyed the woman with mistrust.
Thankfully they were close to the house and the twins and dog were let out of the confinement of the car. "Hey Lil, I have a question." Greg remarked as they were getting the bags out of the boot of the car. "And the question would be?" Lily asked as she grabbed her suitcase and looked up at the Detective Inspector. "Why did you name the dog Gladstone? I heard that you told Sherlock that you chose the name specifically but never said why."
“I wasn’t there but they will tell you that I have been suspended for a  week  before all this happened…” Lucian announced and then shifted his feet. “One of the reasons that Billy was annoying Lily so much was that I overheard him talking to his friends about how ‘easy’ Lily was going to be and how much of a ‘freak’ she was…I may have broken his nose.”
John had never seen Sherlock get undressed so fast, not even when he had spilled corrosive acid on the crotch of his trousers.
Halfway back to the flat, Sherlocks phone started to sound an alarm, startling the cab driver. “What would you like for lunch?” Sherlock asked absentmindedly, turning off the alarm that said “feed the kids”
Knowing that the little girl had no wish to be seen Sandra reached out to grab the Medical Examiners hand. "Wait tell me more….Surely you can spare just a few more minutes?" Sandra purred to Andersons delight and watched the girl salute her out of the corner of her eye. "For you I have hours." Anderson drooled making her skin crawl in revolution as the girl leaned back over to drag a boy across to another corridor. "That was cute….now how do I get rid of him?"
"Why would you do that? The only thing you are thinking of right now is yourself Sherlock. How can you get John back, How can you keep him by your side. What about what he wants?" Mycroft asked as he stood up to his full height to look down on his little brother. "I've seen you experiment on John; I've seen you break his heart and spirit. Why should I tell you where he is?"
"He just said that John!" Sherlock snapped then growled as John hit him in the face with a pillow then continued at the boys nod.
John smiled as he felt Sherlock caressing his back and though he would be loathed to admit it the army doctor loved being cuddled by his detective. Hearing a creek he grumbled before lifting his head only to be met with Sherlock's eyes, wanting to drown in their blue green depths. Without knowing it he gasped and held his breath, sending a silent signal that Sherlock should continue with his train of thought.
John stared at the mess in the kitchen then turned his wide eyes to the twins. He couldn’t help it, he just started laughing.
"What? No I don't want to go on a stroll." He grumbled as John pulled him out the door and down the street.
"First of all you two will take my old room and I'll be moving out. Secondly…" Before John could finish his thought he was interrupted by Sherlock's resounding 'no'.
At that Lily tried to slip past the adults only to stop short at the look John shot at her. "Nice try Lily but I was in the army and lived with your father… Its going to take a lot more than that to slip by me." He smiled grimly then pointed to the chair in the universal parental way of 'you and I are going to have a chat so sit' that they all seem to have. "Now explain why the children had to go to the hospital." That Lily gave more or less a play by play of what happened.
Lucian watched as Lily tensed and tried to curl into herself, covering her ears to drown out the screams coming from the other room.
"Sherlock WHY do the twins have a puppy in their room?" John asked as he picked up the small fur ball and looked to Sherlock who was hiding a little ways down the stairs.
"No I did not say no the first time he asked. I told him that it wasn't the best time to ask. And he didn't even ask he just stated his intent to ask at a later date." John said then shook his head in confusion at his own words.
Suddenly Lucian burst through the door (John swears that he didn't squeak at all nope not the tough army doctor and If you tell anyone he'll hurt out he can he's had bad days) looking like he was close to tears.
"Err…Hello…" John whispered awkwardly trying not to tremble as Sherlock's face was only a few centimeters from his own, which made it difficult. "Hello." Sherlock smiled as John blushed.
Both grooms woke up on their wedding day with a small headache and faced with one twin holding two pain killers and a glass of water. "Drink this, take these."
Thankfully she wasn’t seeing them until Wednesday so that gave her plenty of time to make up question sheets and a few ‘get to know you’ projects. They would love that, after all they were only fifteen how bad could they be?”
Mycroft grumbled as he slid the garter up Gregory's leg then quickly retracted his hands only to see John and Sherlock taking pictures out of the corner of his eye. "Congratulations Greg!" John smiled as he walked up to give his friend a hug. "For what?"
John sighed and grabbed one of the boys hands. “Niki, please be precise. The kids, they are ours. Please.”
"I knew it...I'm in hell." She muttered to herself with a scoff. She walked over to the door to see if she could leave (she didn't think so but it didn't hurt to check) when she heard it unlock. She jumped back when the door opened to reveal a smallish man with black hair and creepy eyes on the other side.
"As I understand it neither you nor the twins have left the flat for several days and I am calling to find out why that is."
Lestrade finally showed up with Kyle in tow. The boy was tall for his age which looked to be around the kids age. His brown hair was offset by striking blue eyes that had tiny freckles around the pupils. Those eyes lit up when they locked on Lily and Sherlock did not like that. Obvious crush Sherlock thought to himself and immediately vowed to not like this boy. "Okay here's my kid Kyle you know Lily and Lucian this is John and their father Sherlock Holmes. Now you three go and do kids stuff while I talk to them." Lestrade smiled as he pushed his son forward, towards the twins.
The detective tilted his head at John before it dawned on him what the blogger meant. "No john… they are mine and they will be staying here…they are mine after all…" Sherlock responded.
"He just congratulated me...and meant it." Sherlock frowned wondering what was going on. "Sherlock that's a good thing now enough about Mycroft." John smiled as he wrapped his arms around his husbands neck. "When is our flight?"
"You think their still asleep?" Lucian asked as he slapped lily's hand away from their father's laboratory set. "…No they probably heard us come down stairs …want to make them breakfast?" She asked as she started poking through the cabinets, her long hair swinging freely down her back. "Let's see what they have and this time try not to set your hair on fire…"
So he continued to pace back and forth while his mind whirled around trying to find the answer for this vexing riddle.
"Aren't you always? Anyways need your help at the moment. Dad's making a fuss cause your dad has taken some evidence...again."
The detective shook his head slowly still confused at what John was saying. "So we can keep the dog."
Lily immediately threw herself into her brothers arms only to start babbling that there was so much blood. "It's alright lil, there is no more blood."
“I hope not. And while it is…frowned upon. I highly suggest that you be the one to tend to her. I don’t think a stranger touching her is going to help her mental state at all, female or not.”
“We are, in fact, done. Now lets see if we can round up something for supper and then take it home to you father.” John smiled and wrapped an arm around Lily’s shoulder.
"Good morning children! My name is Professor Dondero and I will be your Humanities teacher!" Chirped the perky blond woman at the front of the class. "I think she's on crack…" Lily muttered to her brother who chuckled. "No, not crack I think she just chews coffee beans because coffee just doesn't do it for her anymore." He responded making Lily snort.
Greg paled at this before Sherlock scoffed. "He didn't need your help Greg that was just an excuse because he missed you." he said making Mycroft flush.
“I was. Then we left and I ran into Harry. We’re meeting for coffee tomorrow.” John said trying to think of the reason that Harry would want to speak with him.
Okay peoples, I'm ending this one here for now...It might get expanded in the future but probably not until I finish with Q's Mentor and Stalker Tendencies...wow I just realized that I only have two on going stories left...that's new hahaha. Anyways I hope you enjoy!
Sherlock walked in to find both of his children hugging his friend in the kitchen. “Sweet as that is why does it look like a cocaine lab exploded in here?” He asked while backing away from the children and his John.
“That is mine. Do either of you two play an instrument?” Sherlock asked. Both children just stared at him. “Would either of you like to learn? It doesn’t have to be the violin.”
After the flu season was over the criminal activity started back up again and Sherlock was torn between working cases and staying with the kids but knew that in order to keep the kids alive, money was needed.
After Sherlock went upstairs to his offspring John tried to get back to the chores only to be interrupted by the phone.
"Yea…" John blushed still not looking at Sherlock. "We can bite? That's allowed?" the detective asked suddenly making John frown. "Well as long as there isn't any blood involved…yes…" He said thoughtfully then jumped when Sherlock bit him none to gently on his uninjured shoulder making him groan in pleasure. Who knew that biting could be so erotic? The scrape of teeth down your throat mixed with the soft wetness of the tongue tracing your jugular vein…then the sudden pressure of teeth on your skin? Erotic.
"Sherlock must have been some kind of desperate to marry that man. I mean did he think about the scandal to the Holmes name because of this? Not only is he marrying a man but marrying a commoner as well?!"
Lily stole a glance through her hair to find her father kneeling in front of her, eyes worried. Suddenly she gave a hiccup and started to cry again…making the world's only consulting detective panic.
Greg's hair was plastered onto his head and he leaned back in the seat to raise his face to the air vent. His suit showed signs of wear and some patches of sweat had begun to show.
Lily blinked in response but before she could open her mouth Kyle's shout of 'awesome!' filled the room, covering up the sneeze that escaped. "Alright no more American shows for you." Lestrade smiled as he rubbed his son's hair making him grumble.
This left the three teenagers with a huge house that they could do virtually whatever they wanted, with the stipulation from John that fire not be involved. To which Lucian replied that he was no fun, much to the doctors surprise. The teenagers were fine with that idea until Lily found a short sword and proceeded to enslave the boys.
"Hush you, now…" Mycroft droned on as they went down the highway making John sigh and stare out the window, honestly curious about their surroundings.
It started out slow and gentle with Sherlock pressing soft kisses to any inch of exposed skin he could find. But soon it became not enough and he whisked away Johns shirt quickly to press opened mouthed kisses to the newly exposed skin. As much as he loved the taste of his Jawn he loved hearing him moan and groan even more. "Sherlock!" The man in question gasped when his new found lover found his nipples.
"Hello Lavonia I don't believe we've met, my name is John and I'll give you some free advice. You don't want to come here again. You see Lily and Sherlock might beat the living shit out of you but I'll just fucking kill you. You see I have killed for Sherlock and I won't give a second thought to shooting you if you ever come near those children again. And I wonder how long you'll last when the Holmes's find out exactly what Bill has tried to do to those children…with your permission. If I were you I'd run as fast as I can…" John's voice was even and quiet as he threatened the woman who paled and fainted.
"Doctor patient confidentiality" The twins said together making Sherlock wish for a twin to do that with.
Sherlock sighed then rolled his eyes before extending his tongue against Johns hand making him with draw it.
“I’m going to go see if Mrs. Hudson has a spare towel. We used all of ours on the flour.” Lily remarked as she carefully moved past Mycroft to start downstairs, her brother following her closely.
They searched for an hour before alerting Greg and Mycroft. "There are many places that they could be John…" Mycroft remarked earning him not only a glower from not only John but Greg as well. "Mycroft I know you don't understand but there are three of them. Three teenagers make a lot of noise even when they don't mean to. Silence is never a good sign Mycroft."
“Yes. We have a case for you. We’ve found a few bodies…Do the kids need to be here for this?” Lestrade cut himself off realizing that this might not be appropriate for the kids in the room.
"The male…Oh and Sherlock if you bring them to any crime scenes you will not like the consequences…" John threatened casting his eyes to the skull on the mantle place then left at his friends curt nod.
"What the hell?" Mycroft asked himself as he walked into his brother's bedroom only to hear the lock flick behind him. "HEY!" He yelled and pounded on the door only to hear John and Sherlock snicker from the other side. "That's not going to work." Greg said from behind him making him turn quickly. "What the?" He whispered and groped for his phone before remembering that John had it. "That sneaky son of a …" He groaned making Greg glare. "Really? You would rather call someone then be locked in a room with me?" He asked sounding hurt. "I don't really have time for this…" Mycroft growled hurting Greg even further.
Wood on wood but concentrated into one contact point, rounded object held by hand, umbrella handle…Mycroft. Sherlock quickly deduced then rolled his eyes. "Someone please let my brother inside before he chews through the door." Sherlock said making the twins stare as he went to get his violin.
"SHERLOCK!" came a feminine shout of joy as everyone dropped their bags. Lily struggled not to laugh as she saw her father try to hide behind John. "Oh come here and let me look at you!" The older woman cried as she forcefully dragged the detective out of hiding. "You've gained weight since I last saw you! And also…oh…hello." The woman stopped and stared at the five people in the room. "And who might you all be? Mycroft don't be rude!" She snapped, noticing the elder brother trying to slide out of the room.
"Sherlock I know you are home now open this door." Mycroft's voice came from the hallway making them wince. "I have an idea….Greg go into Mine and Sherlock's room, trust me." John smiled at the Detective inspectors confused expression.
"No…Actually I'm pretty sure if she and Justin Bieber had a kid it would be the anti Christ…" She smiled making him smile back at her. "Good…They aren't very good role models…" he said then jumped as the front door opened to John entered the flat.
Lucian stared at the man before turning on his sister. "The one language you didn't try." He said then turned to the man as he ignored the petulant 'shut it' that his sister whispered. "Yes sir, we're English...sort of."
“No. These two are teenagers and when told that the only thing standing in their way is doing it themselves, will do it themselves. That is
"THIS IS WHY THEY NEED TO BE DISCIPLINED!" John shouted as he slammed the phone back into its cradle. "I just got off the phone with Headmaster Carey who said that in the last week the twins have not only switched the boys and girls lavatory signs; covered Mr. Tinsdales car with post-its; removed every single door in the school; moved lockers in front of Tinsdales office but also filled every single one of the school fountains with colored Glycerin!" John snarled at the lounging detective who only frowned at him. "How did they manage this? There are fifteen fountains in that school." He asked plucking the strings of his violin then immediately regretted his question at the glare John threw at him. "That doesn't matter Sherlock...Your children are running wild in that school..." The blogger pleaded with the detective and silently begged that Sherlock would understand.
Lucian blushed at the mans words and cleared his throat. "I…I draw…and paint…sir." He finished then looked over at his grandmother who was making his way over to his sister to pull at her shirt. "What is this?"
“Wake up you little shits. We have to go and get you new clothes.” She sneered as she kicked the edge of their makeshift bed.
This made Greg smile at the man. "Thank you but I don't think that's going to happen and if it does… well I know that I won't be the only one hurt."
After hanging up with Mycroft John ventured upstairs to find a sullen Sherlock sitting outside of the twins bedroom, chin resting on his knees which he drew up to his chest to wrap his arms around them. Good god he looks like a child in time out John thought to himself as he knelt in front of the detective to place his hands on his shoulders. "What happened love?"
"What John?" The detective sounded exasperated when he turned around to find John's eyes dancing. "What is it John?"
Unfortunately their contentment at being back with their fathers was short lived as they could hear whispering coming from the door.
Lily grumbled as she sat up and gave the men a heated glare that only managed to look sad. "I don't want medicine I don't want soup I just want Lucian and to sleep." She said on the verge of tears. "Alright I'll make a deal with you, take the medicine AND the soup and Sherlock will get Lucian for you alright?" John said as he rubbed her back. "And if you're good about it I'll make him read to you as well."
Sherlock walked forward and wrapped his fingers around her wrist to pull her onto the couch and into his embrace. "I know love…but John and I will be there to protect you two. We won't leave her alone with you unless you ask it of us, I promise." He murmured into her hair.
"When I was little I used to get sick and Mycroft...He would read to me...i thought perhaps that It was worth a try?" He pondered as he sat on the corner of her bed up against the headboard. "What book Is It?" Lily asked as she guzzled some water.
children. Then did something that surprised both his brother and his blogger. He knelt in front of the children.
“Well I did suggest that we stop for a while and take a breather but I think that ‘NO’ was heard all the way in America.” John sighed and leaned into Sherlock.
same here alright have rough draft done, sticking it in his breast pocket them I'm off to bed. You have everything set up?
Sherlock is right, I am useless...All I can do is pat him on the shoulder and make him some tea. I'm just slowing him down. They aren't even my children he said so himself... John thought and didn't even notice the tears pouring down his face as his mind whirled against him.
John sighed and felt the need to bang his head against something but the only thing in front of him was the steering column. So using his common sense, he dropped the conversation knowing that it would only lead to a sulking detective.
“You never know. I’m going to keep an eye on both for the time being.” She said and squeezed her brothers hand, jumping when the detective turned and shouted for them not to be slow pokes which earned him an elbow from John.
John gave a laugh at that, knowing his fiance's disdain for ties. "Alright lets times up!" Lucian smiled as he came running into the room with a wide grin on his face making John smile at the sight of the two twins together.
"Guess he really told on us." Lucian remarked quietly to his sister but she only placed a hand on his arm and nod her head towards Sebastian's room. "Watch this."
After their respective math classes the twins sat next to each other in French class taught by a very energetic 'Madam Riesen. They were not enthused with her excitement over the intricate nature of the French language.
"Oh Mr. Hilson was a teacher of ours and a real git. So last day of school we filled his entire room with chickens. Gosh there must have been at least 60 of them right John?"
They spent the rest of the day in the living room, Lucian drawing while Lily read a textbook on ancient mythology and its effects on archaeology.
Mycroft stared at the twins for a second before turning towards John. “Disregard the last sentence and that’s basically what happened. But in their defense, it was actually Sherlock’s fault.” John smiled
"Well first of all Mycroft might be able to help you, second of all what if it turns out to be dangerous?" He asked making Sherlock glare.
After getting Lily calmed down Sherlock walked back over to his former lover. "Listen to me very carefully Lavonia…I know her and she would NEVER attack someone without reason and I KNOW you threatened Lucian in some way for it was Lily who attacked…Now WHAT DID YOU SAY?" He roared finally letting some of his control slip.
John shrunk back from the stare of all three Holmes's. Even though he was used to it with Sherlock the weight of three stares was a bit much.
"For gods sake Anderson! They are only fifteen years old! You are a grown man so act like one for once!" Lestrade snarled and slammed a hand down on the table making the ME flinch. "Now leave and don't bother me again!"
Sebastian snickered as he lifted a finger to press down on 'Treasure Island' to reveal Lily's blushing face. "You're adorable...I work security here. That's why you usually see me walking the halls." He smiled and placed an arm around the back of the couch before flicking the tip of her nose with one finger. "Don't be afraid to ask me questions Lily, I don't mind."
"I don't know Luce, it's always the quiet towns that are filled with murderers. You hear about them all the time how tourists would 'go missing' and it turns out that the whole town would be in on it." Lily remarked back making him incline his head in agreement.
Fifteen minutes later Sherlock came out of the bedroom all freshly showered and dressed while Lily and Lucian sat at the living room table eating egg in a basket. "You cooked?" He asked with a quirk to his eyebrow. "Nope the fairies did it…just like magic!" Lily responded then tipped her head at her brother's glare. "What? Ask a stupid question get a stupid answer…I swear you and I have been through this before." She smiled making Sherlock nod. "No she's right that was a stupid question though Mrs. Hudson could have brought it up. "Well I have to go to Scotland Yard today are you two going to be alright here by yourselves or do you wish to accompany me?" He asked to their surprise.
Sherlocks heart melt at the sight. “You two were in the air tower?” He asked amazed at them. “Why didn’t you tell them?”
"I want to go home!" She cried as she made it look like she was struggling to keep the chair over her head. "I'll have that please." A blond man said evenly as he walked into the room and pulled the chair out of her hands. "Oh you poor child! You don't have to be scared! We aren't going to hurt you! Oh I know! How about a compromise! I'll take you to Lucian but you aren't going home...how about it?" The mad man crooned gently as he pat her on the head. "I want my brother and I want to go home!" she cried as the man placed an arm around her shoulders and guided her towards the door. "It will be alright, Come on now I'll take you to him."
After almost a week of improvised camping both twins were very disgruntled as well as Tumultuous. They were itchy, cold and hungry. So that made them a bit not happy. That and the fact that they seemed to go around in circles.
"Fine…Sherlock please let us out." He asked emitting an air of defeat. "Thank you dear brother…I came over to see how you and the twins were fairing but I can see that you are doing fine…Gregory when can I expect you for dinner?" Mycroft asked collecting his phone for John. "I'm not coming to dinner."
Lucian rolled his eyes and reached out his hands in front of him. "It's okay I got this!" He said to his fathers and turned back to his sister to smack her gently in the back of the head. "No! bad girl!"
One was male and the other was female. Both had black hair and while the girls fell down to her waist the boys was cut short. The boy was dressed as punk rocker with torn jeans an extra large t-shirt with some strange yellow fluffy thing on it and the word 'pikachu' underneath. He also had several chains hanging from his pocket.
A sulking detective and two rambunctious children in the backseat were a little much for him at the moment.
"See? He walks past Donovans desk, stops for a second to give her the 'puppy dog' eyes then walks away. They are obviously fighting about something." Lily whispered to her brother as they stalked Anderson throughout his day. Suddenly they ducked as Anderson turned around.
The older woman gave Lily a glare before turning to waive a teenager over to them. "Niki…*^%&$ #* # &&$%$& *%^# * $ #"
“Actually yes it does. John and I have been living together for many years and it was understood when
"And do you promise to keep him, love and comfort, in sickness and in health, for richer or for poorer, for better or for worse, and to be faithful until death do you part?
Greg nodded and laid back against Mycroft with a sigh. He knew that he was not going to be able to get into his pants tonight so he'd have to settle for a bit of cuddling.
"Not here. In 1666 a man named Tomas Farynor was the baker to King Charles II. A fire started in his bake shop and didn't take long to expand to the rest of the street. Because London was made mainly out of wood the fire spread quickly, burning down The Church of St. Margaret then onto Thames Street. In only seven hours the fire had spread to London Bridge and the only reason that the fire did not spread to Southward was a gap caused by the fire of 1633. By the time a Royal Command came down to create a fire-break the fire was too out of control to stop... The fire raged for three days until it halted near Temple Church. Then it started again continuing towards Westminster. The Duke of York destroyed the Paper House to create another fire-break, ending the flames. Sixteem people died and as much as 80% of the city proper was destroyed including 1300 houses, 89 churches and 52 guild halls." Sherlock spoke as they looked over London.
The second day was a complete disaster as Sherlock had been up all night researching about being a parent and had gotten the age wrong. So, the next morning the twins and John had woken up to the kitchen being baby proofed and several different kinds of baby food and snacks in the cabinet. It took a few minutes to explain that those types of things were not age appropriate. John then spent the afternoon stripping out all the baby proofing and listening to Sherlock grumble on about how he did research and how John was ruining it.
"I think we freaked him out…" Lily smiled making her brother snort. "Lily, Lucian please sit." John intoned making the twins wary of him. "Just so you two know…I may not agree with what you did but I understand the why of it. But if something like this ever happens again I want you two to know that you can talk to us about it. We can't help you if we don't know what's going on." John whispered to the two making them pay attention (He learned that trick by living with Sherlock. Say something out loud and you'll get ignored but if you whisper it he'll listen). "That would probably have been the smart thing to do…" Lily groaned then pulled John onto the couch to be sandwiched between the two of them. "So how do you entertain yourself when he's not trying to get you to entertain him?" Lucian asked and John suddenly felt as if he was being cornered by two lions. "Well the telly usually works…"
“Alright are we going to keep doing this or actually get something accomplished today?” He snapped at them. Lucian flinched at his tone which made Lily glare.
"Two singles I guess." Lucian responded as Lily started examining her tea like it was a form of alien goo.
"I don't care Sherlock…I'm going to check on them." John said through gritted teeth then watched as Sherlock carefully turned off the Bunsen burners, wrote a few sentences in his notebook and gave him a small smile. "Alright lets go."
With that Amalee saw red. "Oh…my…god…GET OUT. GET OUT OF THAT BED RIGHT THIS INSTANT…GET OUT OF THIS ROOM GET OUT OF MY HOUSE!" she screeched.
"Oh my god…SHE TALKS!" Sherlock announced earning him another smack in the head. "First of all some ground rules. One: NO EXPLOSIONS! Two: no more body parts in the fridge there are children living here now and three: no more getting my gun and blowing holes in the walls!" John snarled at the detective ignoring the look that passed between the two teenagers.
"Now I believe both John has prepared a small speech. Please go a head." The minister announced and took a step back to allow them some room.
