anything - although he doesn’t like it.
He feels his jaw work, noiselessly.
‘No,’ he says, desperately. ‘No - please - please don’t-’ and he hates himself for begging, he hates himself for being so fucking pathetic, he hates himself for being so far removed from his younger self, from John Winchester’s son.
‘As he’s an alpha, yes. It suggests he’s still in his own mind and capable of making choices in his own interests. If that were no longer the case, you could argue that with diminished capacity his assets should be placed in the care of the family, but…’
- we can continue on our tour.’
Gabriel whistles, sarcastically. ‘Don’t tell me even you’re stressed out about politics? You can’t even read, it doesn’t affect you.’
Dean does not understand what he is asking.
Her dress is nice.
‘I’ll come back,’ says Castiel, hoarsely.
Castiel adjusts his cautious grip on the reins. ‘I don’t know how to sing.’
‘No distraction,’ she says. ‘They knew pretty quickly that I’d gone, and there was nothing to stop them from coming straight after me. If the roads had been busy, or,’ she hesitates, carefully, ‘or there had been enough carriages at the front of the house that they were all blocked in, and they couldn’t follow me so easily…’
There is the sound of a chair being pushed back, squeaking against hardwood; Naomi huffs melodramatically. ‘You may use him as freely as you like, in your own house, once this is sorted. I cannot stress
‘Fine,’ says Cas, and then he hooks his hands under Dean’s thighs and just
‘I haven’t done anything,’ he says, again. Michael rolls his eyes, lifts a casual hand towards the lawyer as if cueing him in.
‘You’ve gotta, uh,’ says Dean, finding his voice, ‘you’ve gotta beat me, yeah?’
Dean’s still busy, during the days - it’s only now that someone is actually doing it that Castiel realises how much work goes into keeping a house clean, and Dean seems to have thrown himself into it entirely at this point. Castiel keeps letting himself into the kitchen and getting dirty glares thrown at him when he realises, too late, that the floor has just been scrubbed - but sometimes when Castiel is working in his study in the evenings, Dean will let himself in under the pretence of retrieving the supper dishes or stoking the fire, and just kind of… linger. Castiel will be three pages into a letter to some pastor in Wichita (he has, at this point in his career, an extensive network he’s in communication with, and not just in Kansas), and Dean will hang around, picking through stray books or pamphlets, occasionally making faintly wry grunts or complaining about the layer of dust Castiel has spent years cultivating on his bookshelves. Castiel doesn’t think much of it, except that - well, except that it’s nice to have Dean where he can keep an eye on him; but after about a week of this it occurs to him that Dean might actually
He also doesn’t seem inclined to speak: there is a prolonged discussion with the Refuge staff about whether Castiel should cuff Dean’s wrists behind his back, which Dean ignores - Castiel wants desperately to decline, but given the railroad journey ahead of them, it seems like asking for trouble not to. He doesn’t know where he would begin if Dean slipped free, or, worse, if someone else, sensing what he is, attempted to abduct him - but he gives Castiel a long, dark look through his eyelashes as the alpha loops the chain between each leather cuff. There are marks bracketing his wrists that suggests this is something that has been done to him before. Perhaps often.
Dean rummages for the coffee pot and dumps it on the heat, and Sam says, ‘You don’t have to - I can do that.’
He lets himself into the meeting room, sliding fluidly around the table and helping himself to a chair. Unnoticed by Castiel, he’s brought a black leather briefcase with him - he sets that on the table now, unbuckling it and drawing out several sheaths of paper, a pen case, and ink bottles.
‘That’s not-’ says Castiel. ‘It’s not - of course I’m not going to, to keep him, I just-’ There’s a burnt sort of smell in the air, something increasingly aggressive, and he can’t tell whether it’s coming off Michael or himself. ‘I don’t appreciate being threatened.’
Dean headed up the stairs discreetly looking at the EMF meter hidden inside of his coat.  He's pretty sure he heard Sam yelling something but figured he’d call for one of them if it was serious. He sounded pissed, not scared and it was coming from the kitchen- he knew his Mom was in that general area too. Dean was well versed in Sam. He could tell if he was hungry, sad, or constipated from barely a word and a twitch of the kids’ eyebrow. He got to the top of the landing and headed in the direction of what he guessed were the bedrooms.
“Mornin’ fellas, the coffee ready Sammy?”
In fact, he's not sure he's on earth.
"What?" Castiel is not sure he wants to know.
“Yeah sasquatch but we’ve never had to bunk with a chick before- no offense mom. It’s just awkward” Dean tries to explain his disappointment. He was really looking forward to being alone with Cas, in a room. With a bed. He feels a flush starting to sneak up his neck and takes a gulp of too hot coffee.
“What?” Sam is ready to just pick him up- that last shake was violent.
“What’s up? You’ve been quiet and staring a lot. The trials. They getting worse?” Dean asks from the seat next to him. Not putting the keys into the ignition- turned to face him.
Next Chapter gets just a touch smutty...probably uploaded by the end of the week or sooner...
Feeling a new sense of appreciation for cupids-he still doesn't like the handsy fuckers- but this shit sucks.
Going to try and get a chapter out every day but I am working on my Residency applications too so no promises.
“Hey-easy there, need to breathe!” John sputters out.
Castiel raises his left brow at Sam. He can sense the man is hiding something from him, whatever it is, it affects Dean, and Cas will get to the bottom of it. He needs to atone for his weakness. For how close he came to hurting Dean.
“What…what are you?” he asks, looking at Castiel with fear.
His brain only registered panic. That was not Dean’s sock. That must mean that Dean is in trouble.
He’s learned to ask. The first few times they tried it - the real first few times, here in their own cabin - Cas had been so stressed that it had stressed Dean out in turn, and it had been hard to relax enough to do it comfortably; and then Cas had got anxious and gone soft part-way through, and however much Dean had murmured, ‘It’s fine, it’s fine, I’ll finish myself off-’ it hadn’t stopped being weird until they’d given up on the whole endeavour and gone to sleep for the night, and Dean had been so scared - so scared that Cas would leave again, that he’d wake up alone in the bed. When it’s good, it’s unbelievably good - Dean still thinks about that first time in the church - but actually fucking is… kind of a complicated thing, for both of them.
‘Cas,’ he says, as the carriage turns down the far end of the drive. ‘I, uh. I wanted to tell you - I’m, my heat’s due next week.’
Even in the darkness he can make out her betrayed expression.
and Cas is right behind him, all instinct and anger, grabbing for Dean’s hips and legs and scrambling feet, radiating heat.
His mouth twitches. ‘Your family, man.’
, if you beat it into him. But I believe you wanted to
For a while - he doesn’t know how long - Dean thinks nothing at all. It’s like he’s surprised the heat into silence, after years of mewling desperate emptiness. This has never happened before.
‘Castiel,’ says his mother. ‘Good morning.’
. Surely they’re always covered with my lips.’
, and
‘You don’t know how? You just sing, Cas. You don’t know any rich people songs?’
Michael’s lead starts to widen. It’s not enough that they can call it for the night, just yet - according to the beta guy from the Lawrence Daily News, they can usually make a firm judgement by the little hours of the morning, although what actually tends to happen is that each newspaper makes a decision a little while before that depending on which candidate they
They watch each other for a moment, like maybe Castiel doesn’t know what to do now either.
Castiel looks between them.
Cas just holds him, until Dean doesn’t feel the staircase any more, or the cold dampness of his shirt, or the tightly clenched fist of pain inside his ribcage. Cas holds him until Dean falls quiet, until the tears on his cheeks dry to starch, until the thunderstorm and smoke clear and Dean is just inhaling the cool, endless night.
Cas looks betrayed. ‘I don’t get to kiss you?’
Dean’s up with the dawn, pulling on his clothes - he usually wears work clothes now, blue denim work pants same as farmers and ranchers tend to wear, and shabby flannel trade shirts like Bobby’s. He’d been worried at first that Cas would struggle to adapt to the difference in lifestyle, but although Cas still dresses respectably in the more common style of suit, he’s pretty sure the alpha’s got sort of a thing for Dean all dirtied-up and low-class looking, based on the way Cas’ hands tend to wander into the back pockets of Dean’s pants (Dean calls them jeans. Cas insists on calling them ‘waist overalls’, because that’s what they were called fifteen years ago and Cas is a weird guy). They’ve not exactly got a lot of money at the moment anyway, not with Cas still looking for work, so their options are limited - and yeah, the work thing is a whole other discussion, and one Dean doesn’t have an answer for. Bobby doesn’t trade in horses as much as he used to, but Dean’s helped him out here and there enough to cover their basic expenses; and he
‘Make your own fucking bacon,’ he says.
The water is so cold that it shocks the air out of him; too early in the season still for it to have warmed up. Castiel doesn’t give himself time to acclimatise: he strikes out immediately into a ferociously disciplined front crawl, slicing through the still water, head down. He does four or five mechanical laps straight off the bat, the cold stinging his face, before he relaxes his pace a little and just lets the water ripple around him. It has been a while since he was last out here, but the muscles of his body remember quickly.
, Castiel remembers him saying, struggling to hold a conversation through his heat; a father who worked as a hired gun. A brother Dean apparently struggled to feed, although Castiel had not really understood why that should have been Dean’s responsibility. What had happened to his mother? He had not really been able to imagine any of it. He has never visited any such places.
‘Do you know the story of Lazarus?’ he says, instead.
Dean drags his eyes away from the building that is to be his new home and refocuses on Gabriel, his eyebrows drawing together.
Jody frowns. She lets her hand fall to her side a little.
Dean’s lips are parted, like he wants to be kissed.
Cas glances down at him, visibly deflating. ‘Oh,’ he says.
‘I discussed the matter with Zachariah,’ he volunteers. ‘I’m aware of the damage any further scandal could do. But I - I believe that if successfully rehabilitated, it could reflect equally well on the family, surely? I’ve been reading more of Gladstone’s work - we’ve always stressed the importance of Christian values and charity to the electorate. And if nothing else, as a domestic servant, he’s been very successful.’
‘God, when I got your telegram I hoped you were going to be more fun. Are you going to make that little prissy face if I have a drink?’
‘Castiel,’ says his brother, pleasantly.
‘Finally got an omega, and he's not going to use you for it?’ says Gabriel mockingly, when he’s over at the house one evening to discuss the arrangement with Cas. He’s probably phrasing it this way - ‘
He doesn’t expect anyone to hear him, to be honest, let alone listen, but perhaps he is affected by the scene before him, the sobbing women, the overpowering scent of distress, because the word comes out as an order. The Overseer with his boot on the man’s head - a beta, he realises now, undoubtedly overcompensating - pulls back a little, as if realising for the first time that Castiel is there at all. Castiel grits his teeth, pushes back the hesitation, says, ‘
‘Not my property, or my territory, or my life. To try and use my work or my home as leverage-’
. That isn’t real, either.
‘I didn’t,’ he says, faintly.
‘Technically,’ says Michael, very casually. ‘The state of Kansas.’
‘I got away,’ she says. ‘I ran. They haven’t - they don’t know where I am.’
Dean’s body, his tongue hot and wet and hungry, like he’s chasing after the pulsing slick, and the whole thing is so filthy and so good that Dean’s whole brain just gives up - just abandons him to his whimpering and mewling and trying to push back onto Cas’ face. His own hand is back on his dick now, moving fast, taking him back to that edge - christ, god,
‘Uh,’ he says. ‘Right.’
with earnestness, but sometimes it is so hard to explain, and - and perhaps the pill would have been easier to swallow had it come wrapped in a petite, regretful omega with long skirts and an acceptably tragic backstory, begging for God’s forgiveness.
When questioned about his experiences of male love, the Patient became increasingly agitated once again, and spoke briefly of an omega male domestic servant that has most recently awoken feelings of desire within him, as if for a woman. He implied that sexual congress of some sort had taken place with this omega, but refused to clarify the nature of this interchange. The Patient appears deeply conscious of state law for morally perverse crimes against nature, and may have been attempting to protect himself or the other party. It seems probable - although cannot be proven - that the most repugnant intercourse has taken place, based upon the extreme agitation of the Patient when questioned further, and his increasingly unstable disposition. At this point, due to the Patient’s nervous excitement, the consultation ended early to allow for him to be restrained and returned to his quarters.
Dean’s never gonna get over seeing the word
He stands up from the desk.
On the whole - a great success.
He blinks. ‘I have?’
Over on the other side of the table, Crowley, who has been watching this argument with every indication of great enjoyment, sets his pen down. ‘Am I holding onto this omega’s contract, or aren’t I?’
‘Castiel keeps a house by the church,’ she says, addressing Mrs. Allen. ‘It is of a modest sort, far more so than the family estate, but he is comfortably kept, although yet unmated.’’
But whatever. She’s right.
‘That’s not what I meant,’ Cas says, again. ‘I was just - I was worried you’d - it’s due to be my, you know, my season. I thought it would be distressing for you, I meant for you to stay at Gabriel’s, or - I didn’t mean-’
’ The noise that tears itself from Dean’s throat this time makes him dizzy with secondhand distress. ‘He keeps omegas, Dean, he collects worthy trophies as-’
‘Thank you,’ says Castiel, and goes.
It doesn’t strike him as anything unreasonable, which for some reason he finds something of a relief. Certainly, there are no rules here that he would not expect to be kept in his own house.
He lets Dean manoeuvre him onto his back and crawl on top of him as though Castiel is one big, breathing mattress, and then it is easy to wrap his arms tight around Dean as Dean clings back, limpet-like. It’s how they might lie if they were knotted, and that’s nice to pretend, too. Dean melts into him, lets everything go; doesn’t fight the soft rumble that rises up in his ribcage and escapes with every exhale, not even when Castiel shifts to look at him or presses a tentative hand to the flat of Dean’s back as if he’s something holy; just purrs gently with his chest pressed against Castiel’s, until he falls asleep.
Castiel looked at the thing as if he had no idea how it got into his hand He looked at his lover, whom he wanted to give any sort of pleasure he could ever want.
“There are plenty of people we like and respect who aren't blood relatives. Why not open the doors and cooperate? The other me had a worldwide network of people wracking their brains about how to stop the apocalypse."
If only the king of Hell could keep it strictly business.
"Oh my, Dean, the rumors are true. It's all over the airwaves by now." The angel appeared before him with a grin.
"They are coming to punish me in some way," the angel said in the same warm tone they had been using while lying furled up in the sheets. "Remember what I told you."
"I didn't say I didn't learn anything, brother," Balthazar said, entering just behind.
Sam shushed him. “Did you hear that?"
"You wanna drive?" Dean paused at the Impala.
"Now you're just screwing with me. A fairy. An actual wee little cartoon fairy lass. I know you don't think highly of me, but do you enjoy making light of the injustice done to Etienne?"
"Yes, actually." Dean had sewn it up with dental ﬂoss a few times.
Instead of the invasive procedure he expected, the angel folded him in his arms. He was going to protest, when he felt the body next to his vibrating like a jet engine. Sheer power.
"Have you played Barry's drinking game yet?" one man asked. "He can read your mind."
"You or someone else ﬁnd out what the blazes the Winchester man is doing!"
"That's like, statistically impossible, soldier boy," Davin said, setting up one test of skill after another that Dean passed with ease.
How Valac had enjoyed showing off his prize around Hell! This was exactly the sort of angel they had all envisioned, not the stone-faced soldiers angels turned out to be. It fulﬁlled some sort of need in the demons, seeing an angel up-close, pliant and beautiful, and when Valac gave the occasional smack or lash to the always newly healed skin, a sigh of longing would go through the denizens of the lower realm.
"You don't deserve so much as a sip, cretin," the woman from Limbo, Adeline, barked at him.
"Dean, the door to heaven is closed to you. And hell. But purgatory's going to roll out the red carpet."
"Rural Kenya is not very interesting today, but look closely at the ground here." The angel directed their enhanced eyesight to the ground, and Dean was able to discern—
Dean didn't like knowing that there was going to be somebody sitting behind him in almost every class watching his every move.
"For all we know they're sleeper agents, perhaps unbeknownst to themselves, who have received some secret instruction to undermine Heaven," said Dominic, one of the warriors.
These messages were better than psalms talking of a vanished god. Better than brethren who might be interested in humans or impressing an invisible hierarchy but still had little love for each other.
The feeling he'd been trying to suppress came boiling up. He hated anything that would hurt his love, and here was the evidence that Dean wanted something dark and self-destructive, something that he could never be.
"Perhaps it's still not the right vessel," Castiel suggested. "You said there is a third for you somewhere in Uruguay."
Dean's eyes were scanning the angels acting out any number of acquiescent scenarios. Now that he knew what to look for, he could see that most of the ones in control were demons, although in a few cases they were humans.
"Is that some music of the spheres thing?" Sam asked.
"I'm sorry," the angel said, and was gone.
Dean hooked his arm through his brother's.
The occasional drink his father turned a blind eye to, if he noticed at all, so Dean snuck a little here and there. It helped him go back and focus on his responsibilities as the family anchor. Davin Windham had been the ﬁrst sign that there was something powerful in him that was being ignored, but that incident soon was coated over by all the other places and faces. All those girls…
They stopped at an apartment building that stood behind a neglected lawn and reeked of second best.
For people used to staying in some cushy laboratory, as he imagined a real CDC person did most of the time, the idea of cozying up with some infectious agent must be even less attractive to them, so maybe they were dragging their feet.
"Well, everything is a partnership, just like between people. There are complimentary roles," Cecil replied.
"We've been doing our best to keep it in the family when a hunter goes down in the line of duty," Bobby said. "Eddie says there's no hard feelings about that ﬁrst spell of yours not working out."
"About Cas," was the understood meaning, but Dean shut out the sympathetic looks.
Dean's ﬂayed senses could tell when it was Crowley who was near him in the darkness. He strained for the demon among all other ﬁends coming at him with the whip.
Heading back to the motel, Dean considered calling up Balthazar but decided against it. Sam would wonder why, Balthazar would say something suggestive—it would be a mess. Besides, he got the angel anatomy lesson the ﬁrst time through.
"Well done. You boys are used to learning when somebody's got a knife to your throat. No way you were going to be at your best without using your knowledge," Josie shook their hands.
Balthazar responded with a grin to Dean's nod of thanks. Sam was dragged out by a surprisingly solid Bobby.
"Oh, shit, dude, I'm so sorry. I was brought up with guns. I didn't even think—"Dean stammered.
The other half of the equation was beneﬁting, too. Dean was grateful that he could receive this part of the cultured, intelligent man that came roaring out in the sound-proofed apartment. Etienne had a serious dark streak, and he seemed to grow three times his size sometimes while cursing and burning and stringing him up by his heels.
Left to scope out the grounds for signs of demon activity, Dean received the news of the AV guy's stubbornness with resignation.
Balthazar ruffled his mate’s crisp curls and the two laughed.
"You understand better than I do, apparently. You're going to help me marshal all the little humans into my army. They don't count for much, but a few billion interfering monkeys will be the advantage our side needs over Hell."
"I bet he has," Darla was muttering. Dean had had to be completely honest about his agenda to rescue Cas as part of this operation, and the girl loved teasing the badass with the bow-and-arrow about his boyfriend.
Sam didn't even like Mongolian barbecue, but he would sit in front of a plate of anything if it meant his brother could have a few moments of distraction from his troubles-in this case a confused conversation in broken English about Genghis Khan.
life with Cas.
. And I know there is no way I could ever give you what you deserve. Fuck Cas, you gave up heaven and being an Angel to be with me.”
Say hello if you're still out there.
Dean smiles at him and it’s a real smile, one that makes him look years younger and makes his eyes dance.
"It is also unlikely that a man of his profession and character would stay and help raise a child that is not his," Cas replies unphased.
“Oh heavens no. I like how dirty your mind gets though!” Gabriel winks at him. “That’s why I am back, to fix the plot holes so to speak. I
Cas feels the hand settle on his and he forgets to breathe for a few minutes. He doesn’t
"Hey. So…" she puts her hand on Cas' chest and grips his tie, "I think you're really hot."
Sam didn't know someone
"What!??" Alice demands.
"Yeah, we find the sap, you keep 'em safe, and I spike Fido," Dean said, making it sound easy.
"Sound familiar?" Kevin asks with a triumphant look when he's done.
"No.  Wait, who decided he gets to do this?" Sam asks, annoyed. He had been gearing up to face the challenge of the trials since Kevin told them. He feels like he needs to be the one to do this. He's lost enough to Hell to feel like he deserves to be the one who gets to do this.
“Wait you talked to Dean about it? You said it makes him uncomfortable?” Sam latches on to the little thread determined to get to the bottom of this.
“Amenable huh? Just how amenable?” Castiel quirks his eyes brow suggestively as he snaps his tie.
That had stuck in his mind. “he’s straight” not “we’re straight”.
Mary makes it to the car first, she puts her bag in the trunk and runs her hand over the roof delicately. She loves this car and all the fond memories of her and John in it. Now filed alongside memories of her hunting with her grown-up sons and their Angel. She smiles at the unexpected turns life takes as she settles in the back seat.
He never doubted. What reason did he have? He was doing as God commanded. There was no nobler purpose. He reveled with his garrison after each triumph, eagerly awaiting the next. Traveling to distant planets, crossing the time stream, other dimensions, and even Hell to do the work of Heaven.
18 He said, "What pledge should I give you?"
So I have been getting a lot of nice, and some not so nice comments asking me for the next chapter. I promise this story is NOT abandoned. I am in medical school in real life. And I was able to eek away some time to write in the first three years but this year is different. I am literally flying to another state every weekend doing interviews for a spot in a Residency after I graduate. I haven't spent a weekend at my own house since July. On top of that, I am working 12 hour days in the hospital during the week. I don't even have time for laundry.
Claire
“Never.” Cas says with such surety and
He knows a red string is prominent in Kabbalah, but he’s pretty sure that wards off evil and have seven knots if he remembers what Brady had told him when he was still at Stanford. Brady had been into every trending fad- even religious ones, which was almost painfully ironic since Sam’s learned he was possessed by a demon the whole time. So, he wasn’t putting much stock into that belief.
Cas looks at Dean and his frustration must show for Dean is smiling at him and then chuckles when Cas deepens his frown.
Dean is rooted to the spot for a few seconds, he runs various people he has seen Cas with through his mind. "
“Nope, can’t share the deets with the class. I mean I guess you can tell them you’re writing it down
Thanks for sticking with this! I swear it will all tie in and make sense... I know some of you expressed frustration but trust me its just a really big story and I am writing when I have time.
“Cas just makes him happy I guess” Sam shrugged with a kind smile, filling the coffee pot with water.
Cas glances at Dean and there is a beat of silence before he says. “Yes. Horrible.”
“Son, I want you to know that I don’t care that he’s a man.” He wants to say something more eloquent. More profound but he thinks he’s said all he can manage at the moment. Heaven taught him a lot about acceptance and what really matters but he’s still no poet when it comes to talking about things.
Dean smiles nervously at Cas and leans into him. “So you do not want to have babies with me?” Cas asks looking at Dean sideways.
"I can't," and then he hears yelling and gunshots in the distance "Dean," he scowls.
Mary wakes up when the car door creaks open. “Hi,” she says yawning “is there food?”
Sam feels like a fool when Mary laughs at dinner when they tell her about the confusion. Apparently, when she refers to them as her “boys” she means that as her sons and her son in law. She and Cas have even gone on little dates to get to know each other better. Trips to the Farmers Market and a few festivals. Dean gets jealous.
Mom. Her parents had loved each other. High school sweethearts, they had only ever had eyes for each other. She never thought of Castiel in a
That instant had redirected his entire existence. He still had not come to understand what had led to that, if it had been fated that he save Dean or not. He knew he would not change it for anything. All the suffering and pain that he has come to know since was a small price to pay for the freedom he has come to treasure.
and he loved that. He took as much of Cas into his mouth as he could ripping a noise from the former Angel that would make Crowley blush!
Sam steps in to help “It’s my fault Cas, I brought it up- just giving Dean crap cause that’s what brothers do.”
Dean just thinks
“Yeah, you’re right. We gotta get past this. We’re gonna need to trust each other with what’s coming. I just, I might need time okay? I feel like she needs to see how important Cas is, I need her to
“Yeah, I got that. And you don’t got to try- just so you know, I’m pretty easy:” Dean tries to lighten the mood with one of his trade mark
“Cas babe, that was an expression – he meant you got me to commit. He wasn’t talking about sex.” Dean explained trying to keep from laughing at Cas and flashing back to that memory.
“I found it,” comes Cas’ voice from behind a shelf “And you should see this.”
I  DO know where this story will go, I have an ending in mind. I love this story -and I WILL finish it. It will most likely not be until later this year. Interview season goes till January so depending on how that goes for me I will be distracted till then. I apologize-I never intended to leave you all hanging but I have to prioritize.
"Ugh, sorry," Dean says, looking at his feet.
Does this happen with other people?
coming from the eldest Winchester?
“Dean” Cas groans out. He isn’t sure what else to say for a minute. His brain is whirling with the implications of Dean’s offer. He feels like he might have to sit down.
story.
She lays out a seal, a cord, and a staff.
Painstakingly purified from raw ore. Melted in the harsh fires of a smelt. Poured expertly into a preformed mold and cooled slowly to prevent air from getting trapped. Making it strong, pure. Sold to a man with callouses on his hands who has been through very much the same.
Cas wakes up when he hears the door close. Dean is probably trying to avoid him. What was it Dean called it “the whole morning thing”. Cas can’t decide if he is pissed at being treated like all his other conquests or if he feels proud of Dean for treating his first male sexual encounter just like all his others. There is a twisted sense of acceptance in there somewhere. He decides on being pissed though.
Sam and Mary make small talk mostly about the case, floating theories and telling stories of hunts. The car is warm inside, the early sun bright as they drive along the winding highway. Dean slips into unconsciousness a little while later lulled by the voices from the front seat and the gentle rocking of the Impala.
Standing there in the middle of the room, for all the world to see is his brother. His older, hereto for apparently straight brother. Who at this very moment seems to be unbuttoning the jeans of a very aroused and very male angel.
"This was not possible, Castiel. You should have remained entirely unaware of my direction. In all of time this has never happened." Naomi tells him. He sees fear pass in her eyes- briefly – but he caught it.
They lost Shane and Zeus with him, leaving a very traumatized mother and son behind. At least the curse was broken. Dean thinks as they watch the flames consume what's left of Prometheus in the rear-view mirror.
“You think Benny used a Chinese curse?” Cas says, inclining his head to the research littering the table.
"Where are we?" Sam asks, and if his voice waivers, then it waivers, he's deeply unnerved by the quiet void they seem to be occupying. He doesn't feel anything-nothing under his feet, no temperature, no breeze. He doesn't even feel air moving into his lungs when he breathes.
Dean jumps back startled out of the moment by Sam’s yelling.
He bites his bottom lip and shoots his own eyebrows up in question, hoping Dean can read between the lines.
“Oh yes. And no, I don’t mind.” She gestures for them to follow her inside swinging open the door and turning to lead them into a living room. “I was up, early morning prayer.” She gestures to an open Bible and rosary on the coffee table.
"What? No, why?" Dean takes his eyes off I-29 for a beat looking at Sam and then adds, "Really, Sam- this again?" His aura is swirling a little- getting darker, and it bristles? That is the best way Sam can explain what he senses from him, at least.
never had that expression of absolute frank vulnerability in them. She
With that, they head downstairs. Corralling people as they go. Sam runs into a guy he’d seen talking to Cas earlier who's just standing in the middle of the great room. Right under a huge crystal chandelier that looks like it's about to pull an Elsa and- let go. He grabs him by the shoulders trying to shake him back to reality.
He thinks of how to tell them about what he saw – he has no idea if it is connected to the curse or if it's about the tablets or something else entirely.
Dean chuckles too, but Cas just squints at the man's belly in confusion.
"It's all over you- like a magical stench. It's like having garlic breath after eating Italian. Not everyone knows what they're smelling, but anyone can tell it stinks," she gently chided him.
He wished the Guardian would reach out again or that they’d catch a break- he felt like he was pushing his sanity to new limits. His mind hadn’t been this hard to focus since he’d had an imaginary friend in Satan. He almost missed those days- cause at least Dean knew it was happening. He hated lying to his brother.
Sam looks away and catches Kevin’s eyes. He looks haggard, dark circles under his eyes, and his hair looks greasy and unwashed. His aura glimmers like Castiel’s, it has that same hint of divine power that sets Sam’s hair on end. Kevin returns his look with one of exasperation. Sam gets the distinct impression that the kid can see right through him sometimes.
“Does he say it back?” comes out almost as a whisper.
“I guess I should thank you?” Cas says still looking slightly stunned. “You were defending my honor.” He looks at Dean with a pleased smirk- one he gets when he thinks he’s figured out some great perplexing
Inside is a simple silver band. He recognizes it. It's one Dean used to wear.
He wanted to compare notes- tell Dean what he thought he knew and get his brother’s insight into the situation. He just had to get to the book for a few minutes to make sure of some facts before he got Dean alarmed.
, his friend.
"Crowley. Poncey guy, about yea big, mountain of dicks. We know he was here ten years ago, making dreams come true. Now, if you didn't sign, great. That freak out there won't touch you. But if you did, I need to know, and I need to know now. So, hands up." He barks.
- “But if I am perfectly honest – I was determined to take you to bed last night regardless.” Cas says it so matter-of-factly that it brooks no argument from Dean who shoots him a quizzical look.
Sam watches his brother and his new husband as they sway on the little make shift dance floor. Dean was married- he has a
His surprised gasp is loud in the relative quiet of his own company. He’d taken no direct route, turning and merging without thought. He hadn’t even realized he’d been driving for almost four hours. Now here he is, where it all started. This can’t be a coincidence.
Mary and Sam get lost in a conversation about how trans fats are now a bad thing and Mary is quite dumbfounded.
“Uh- what’s your name kid?” John decided on a different approach.
They come seconds apart. Dean coats their chests in his spendings and Cas empties deep inside Dean. Dean will never get his fill of that either.
“To keep them away from Dean. That was all I wanted. And I failed.” Cas finishes and Sam feels like the world has shifted.
. Which was a whole other mystery. Sure, purgatory was no picnic. He had wanted to get the heck out of there as fast as he could. But having been in Hell himself he really didn’t think it was the worst place they’d ever been.
"So-no word from the scout troop and you're still seeing things – I need to do something before I start climbing walls," Dean mumbles between sips of his still too hot coffee.
that it scares Sam a little.
He swings his legs off the side of his bed - regretting it instantly. His head feels like he went ten rounds with Sugar Ray. He shuffles over to the bathroom eager to wash the nightmares away.
"Yes, Ma'am," Sam replies, he remembers this woman, and there is no way on God's green earth that he is going to call her by her first name, she is way too scary for that.
"You are one of Adrasteia's line, the first male I've seen; that's why I didn't place you sooner, Seer." She shakes her head, looking him up and down. "I guess strange times call for strange designs."
He does not.
"You were lying on the floor naked, severely dehydrated and hypothermic, cardiac arrest was imminent," Cas scolds, taking the now empty glass and placing it on the table.
Dean digs the post hole for it when it arrives. He snuck out before dawn to surprise Cas, who likes to jog along their 7mile driveway.
“No, there aren’t really any good leads. No real information about the place’s history which is why I think we should go out there- check it out and stop it before anyone dies. I mean how often do we get to do that? “Sam knows that will likely get Dean’s attention but he regrets saying it as Mary winces slightly assuming he is taking a dig at her over Wally.
“You know your brother. He is not one for talking about his feelings. He gets uncomfortable when I tell him that I love him, I try not to. But we have agreed that when one is dying it is acceptable.” Cas says sounding like he is not entirely pleased with the arrangement.
. They had been
I'm an intern now. So that means 80 + hr work week and study on top of that. This story will be completed, just no way of knowing when. They killed my spirit with the finale, it's been hard to get back into this- encouragement is appreciated. I  anticipate 4-5 more chapters.
“That’s what he keeps telling me.” Dean deadpans taking a sip of his coffee.
The air is tense, much like the bunker has been the last few days only now it's concentrated. Metallica blears over the speakers and Dean is clenching and unclenching his jaw as he steers the Impala down the highway. He hates I-70 so he stayed on 36, it adds to the drive but it avoids the major population centers which is always good. He turns off on 24 to avoid Denver and starts feeling tired after Colorado Springs.
that Dean and Cas were meant to be together. He’d spent almost every day with both of them for years now and it was obvious. There was no one out there who would be better suited to make his brother happy. Cas just
“How are you, Dean?” Cas gets to the heart of the matter in that way he has. He knows Dean well enough to know that John being back would have him off balance and on edge.
He stops dead in his tracks at the sight. There on the couch is Dean and Cas. Tangled in each other. Their hair sticking up wildly. Purple marks visible on both their throats and naked as the day they were born. Well in Deans case anyway.
: Sorry about Dean and Cas but I’m sure they are fine. I am less than half an hour out if you need back up.
"Dean, I have seen you naked before," Cas deadpans as he reaches into the dresser to toss some boxers at Dean.
"You're seeing things in your sleep now too? I thought this curse was supposed to be used up by now?" he demands, frowning at Sam. His aura casually blends into Cas' next to him Sam can sense his mood soften with the action.
Sorry this is so short- this chapter ended up being two- still working on part two in which I swear a lot gets clearer! Just felt bad for letting this get so behind so I posted part of it instead of leaving you hanging for another few days.
I went back and did some minor editing on the previous chapters, its' been a while since I watched season 8 and got my timelines confused. I took out references to Sam and the trails since he wasn't technically doing them at this point so sorry about that.  Also as usual- unbeta'd so let me know if you see any mistakes.
He had been even more worried about Dean now that he'd started with the trials, his aura had darkened after getting back from Idaho. And his light seemed less active on top of that, it's like it was tired or worn down. He figured the trials took a bigger toll on the petitioner than Dean was letting on.
"He's a VAMPIRE; he can't be trusted!"
moment Castiel popped back in. The world moved on as if nothing happened and no one else seemed to have noticed at all. Cas continued his previously aborted movement towards Dean. He succeeded in freeing him from the death grip the late Gavin had had around Dean's throat.
Dean tries to school his features and shits around in his seat to try and get some of the pressure off his unruly dick. He was practically sleeping in the guy’s lap. And Sam and his mother were right there.
and being interrupted by his nosey brother.
He is loose now, Cas’ tongue still pumping mercilessly in and out as Dean comes down from his climax.
. She is shaken by this and it takes her a while to think of a reply.
Dean held on to Cas for a minute and whispered in his ear: “I missed you too Babe”. Cas melted a little at that and sighed against his neck. Dean pulled his head back to look at Cas:” I told Sammy about our new living arrangements.” He said it loud enough for Sam to hear.
“I suspected after Cas couldn’t heal me all the way. I mean, he helps, obviously, but I haven’t felt like my spry self since this started. And after this. Well…” Dean pulls his mouth into a thin line and raises his eyebrows.
He hands Cas his set of glasses and instructs him to keep the family in the house when they hear a howl outside. He goes after it but runs into Noah and his youngest daughter, heading into the woods with a shotgun instead. They'd been intent on shooting the "wolf" that killed Carl.  He persuades them to let him come along.
Shit.
They stand there in the middle of the room kissing- like one of them just came back from the war, when there is a loud knock at the door. And it shatters their cocoon.
He squints into the darkness. ‘Lise?’
‘Oh,’ says Dean.
‘Can’t save everyone, Dean,’ she says.
again.
The question of who actually owns a church is a whole Thing, it turns out (https://eu.jacksonsun.com/story/opinion/2015/03/06/owns-church/24465635/). In this case it would probably be considered to be owned by the congregation, actually, or the city itself, but Michael's scaled that up just to throw his weight around.
“But you human now” Dean said almost panicked.
Dean slowly turned to look at Cas. The same blank stare on his face. Cas was terrified of what Dean would say. He was sure he would be angry or disgusted. He felt so guilty for no reason at all. Then Dean started to laugh.
“Alice took it off so she could run some tests” Cas spoke quietly “And I took mine off when I realized you didn’t remember.”
“Do you want me to tell you?” Cas asked, still smiling.
Cas couldn’t help but chuckle.
“About two weeks after that,” Cas said laughing.
Right at that moment Dean walked in.
“So, what’s your name, gorgeous?” he asked, sounding almost drunk from the meds.
“Just give me a minute” Sam replied as he stood up to follow Cas into the hallway.
“I’m feeling better,” Dean responded.
“I’d like to do it again” Cas said in a matter of fact tone.
“Of course, baby” Dean tried not to show how offended he was.
“Heaven and Earth couldn’t keep me away from you” Cas whispered as he turned to kiss Dean’s hand.
“I don’t know…” Dean said, sounding annoyed “We were fighting Abaddon…She must have done a number on me…”
“I know,” Sam replied.
“Where are they?” Dean asked.
“We got married two weeks later,” Cas said, squeezing Dean’s hand a little tighter.
Cas had hoped any of this would help Dean’s memory come back. Maybe if he just kept telling him stories about their lives he would finally remember.
Cas chuckled.
Cas caught his hand before it reached too low and brought his fingers up to his lips. He softly peppered kisses along Dean’s finger tips while he whispered softly in Enochian.
Then it all came crashing down on Castiel when he realized exactly what that meant for him and Dean. He quickly got up out of his chair and moved into the hallway turning his face away from Dean.
“I love you so much” Dean whispered as he pressed his head to Cas's.
“No, Dean it’s nothing like that” Cas said as he looked down at his bare feet.
Cas's face lit up. Dean wasn’t angry at all. He still didn’t fully have his husband back, but this was a start.
“You just need to rest right now. Your memories will likely come back if you just give it time” She spoke as reassuring as she could.
Dean tossed one set of keys to Sam and simply said “enjoy” before heading down the hall with the other set. Cas froze in place. What was he supposed to do? Dean looked back and motioned for him to follow. Cas quickly looked back at Sam who was smirking and shaking his head. He quickly turned back to Dean who was waiting half way down the hall now. Cas walked quickly to catch up with him, his heart pounding the entire time. When Dean unlocked the door Cas saw a single king size bed in the middle of the room.
“I was afraid of how you’d respond,” Cas said shyly.
“So umm…” Dean started “Sam said stuff’s different with you and me. That true?”
Cas looked at him, somehow surprised that the being that created him could read his thoughts.
Cas nodded.
“This was your idea,” he said pointing to his little brother.
“My dad,” he responded.
“Sam” he mumbled.
“The feeling was…overwhelming,” Cas said shyly.
“I’ve been human for a while Dean. You won’t hurt me” he said as he caressed Dean’s face again “We do this every day.”
“I love you, too” Cas responded almost too quickly.
“I love you too, Dean” Cas said panting “I need you.”
“The three of us went to eat at a nearby diner. You acted like nothing had happened. Then you said you were tired and wanted to stay there for the night. We found a cheap motel and you asked for two rooms. I assumed you meant one for you and Sam and one
“This is Alice,” Sam interjected. “Dean, don’t you remember?”
“What won’t hurt” he asked startled.
“It’s okay,” Alice interrupted. “It’s probably just the morphine.”
“What? Why?” Dean asked, almost sounding disgusted.
“So when did we get married?” Dean asks as he grips his husband’s hand.
“Don’t worry; just give it time” she said “I’ll be back to check on you tomorrow. Until then, rest.”
“Dean, Cas is right here!” Sam scolded him.
Cas watched as Dean shuffled to make room for him in their bed.
“It’s just…” Sam didn’t know how to explain the situation “this is hard for him.”
“Talk to him,” he said softly with a hand on Cas's shoulder.
“I’m sorry. I should have asked you first” Sam apologetically replied. “I just thought it might help him.”
“Then what is it?” Dean said as he furrowed his brow.
“You just need to talk to him,” Sam reassured him.
He loved Dean’s smile.
“You don’t have to do this,” Dean said, staring into Cas's eyes.
Dean woke up with his head pounding. His vision was blurry at first, but slowly the room focused into view. He could tell he was in his room in the bunker, but it was different. Medical equipment filled the room. The sound of the heart rate monitor beeped constantly and did nothing to sooth his aching head. He slowly tried to roll over when he realized he was hooked to an IV. Then he panicked. What happened? He couldn’t remember. All he knew was that his head was killing him.
“How much do you remember?” Sam asked.
Once Cas stopped crying, they slowly broke the hug and Cas tried to dry his face with his sleeve. The fabric was soft on his face and reminded him of Dean’s embrace.
Cas nodded harder and Dean kissed him again. Then he looked over Cas's shoulder to see Sam smiling. He grabbed Cas by the hand and walked towards his brother.
“He came to you a few years ago to help you and Sam,” Cas explained.
Cas relaxed a little in his chair, but as soon as he did Dean rolled his head back to gaze at the beautiful doctor.
“After you” Dean said playfully.
“Hmm? What’s going on?” Sam asked, startled.
“What?” Dean asked.
“So I wanted to ask you…” Dean began “I mean I was wondering…” he paused as he fished something out of his pocket.
“Promise to never leave me” Dean begged.
“Not everything, but I think it’s coming back” Dean said as he squeezed Cas's hand tightly.
“Man what happened?” Dean asked rubbing his head “And what’s all this?” he questioned 	gesturing to the monitors.
“I’ve loved you for years” Dean said as a tear rolled down his face. “I just could never actually say it. There were so many times I wanted to kiss you… before then. I was an idiot. I just can’t believe you’re mine now.”
Cas smiled.
“How are you feeling?” he asked.
and began pushing them down as fast as he could. Dean continued to kiss Cas as he pushed his own pants down. After several minutes of them rubbing up against each other Dean froze. The realization of what they were about to do was hitting him.
“You’re so beautiful, Cas” Dean said breathlessly as he ran his hands over Cas's chest.
“So what finally got me outta the closet?” he asked chuckling.
They kept their distance as they watched Dean search the ally as he tried to figure out what had drawn him there. There was something so familiar about this place, but as he looked around there was nothing special about it. Dean turned in circles looking for any answers, but all he found was garbage littering the ally. He stared at the ground in defeat for a moment before looking up to see Cas hesitantly walking towards him. He could almost see Castiel’s wings extending behind the former angel. Then it hit him. He ran over to Cas and kissed him hard. Once he broke the kiss he saw tears streaming down his husband’s face. He gently began wiping them away before he spoke.
“It’s perfect” Dean said smiling as he slid the band over his left ring finger
“Excuse me?” Dean’s voice grew rough.
“That’s better,” Dean said smiling as he slid back onto the bed. He watched as Castiel, Angel of the Lord, crawled on top of him. It was the hottest thing Dean had ever seen. They continued kissing until Cas rolled his hips down into Dean’s eliciting a deep moan from his partner. He felt Cas's erection rub against his own, and he thought if he died right now he would be happy. He began furiously pulling at Cas's tie, and once he removed it he wasted no time undoing the buttons of Cas's shirt. He leaned up slightly to pull the shirt off Cas's body and decided to take advantage of the shift in balance. He quickly flipped the angel onto his back and once again devoured his mouth. Dean briefly leaned up to remove his own shirt. Then he made his way right back to Cas's mouth.
“I don’t want to scare him, Sam” Cas mumbled as he pulled the ring off his finger and slid it in his pocket.
“Because I want a normal life with you. No more saving the world. No more immortality. Just you.” Cas explained.
“Any luck with your memory yet” she asked.
“No” Dean said a little more loudly than he anticipated “No.”
“You got hit in the head pretty hard” Sam exhaled deeply “We didn’t know if you were gonna make it.”
Cas stared at him and tried to smile. His heart was pounding. Should he tell Dean? How would he react? Would he be angry? Would he even believe him?
“Baby?” Dean asked.
Cas's eyes grew wide.
“I know it’s hard for you to understand” Cas pleaded “but I wouldn’t lie to you.”
“Been worse,” Dean chuckled.
Cas reached into his pocket and pulled out the two matching bands. They were identical except for one small detail. They had engraved “I love you” on the inside of Cas's ring and the same phrase in Enochian on Dean’s. Cas slowly handed the ring to Dean who inspected it carefully.
“Dean stop. We’ve had this conversation” Cas said nervously.
With that Dean was pushing down his remaining clothing while still not releasing Cas's mouth. Once he was free from any clothing he paused one more time as he took Cas's hand in his and laced their fingers on the pillow next to Cas face. As Dean gently caressed Cas's hand he spoke.
“Smooth,” Dean said nodding his head. “Then what?”
“Wow” Dean said, “God performed my wedding.”
Cas remembered the exchange he had with his father before the ceremony.
Dean’s face flushed with the idea of having sex with Castiel every day. But they were married now and shared a bed. Dean had always been insatiable, but with Cas he was even moreso. He smiled and kissed Cas deeply.
At that moment Alice walked into the room. She was tall, slim and beautiful. Gorgeous wavy brown hair flowed down her back. She wasn’t wearing a lab coat or anything else to suggest that she was a doctor. Instead she wore blue jeans and a red flannel top. Dean was awestruck.
Alice brought soup in for Dean, and he devoured it. Being unconscious for three days can work up quite an appetite. As he gobbled his meal Sam sat quietly by his side with his mind still on Cas.
He startles a little. She’s clearly noticed him from some distance away, and come hurtling towards him as if he might evaporate into thin air: for an alarming second he thinks she’s about to throw her arms around him. He’s not - he wouldn’t hate the idea, exactly, not in principle, but he’s hard-pressed to think of a time anyone’s ever really hugged him, and he’s not sure how he’d be supposed to react, and he’s not sure he’s got the time to figure it out. Anyway, thankfully she pulls up short just a couple of steps in front of him and pants, ‘One sec-’ while she unsheathes a vicious looking hat pin, readjusts her headpiece, and stabs it back in more securely.
Gabriel would suggest another punishment if he did, once he stopped laughing. The beta is still standing too close, close enough that if Dean tried to move to clean up the mess he’d have to try and edge around him, so Dean just stands there, dripping broken egg on the table.
He can’t keep talking. They’re darting through the congested muddle of carriages, a mess of looming shapes in the darkness, and Dean’s heart is a hammer against his ribcage. It’s tricky to maneuver in the half-light thrown out from the front of the house, made trickier by their linked hands that keep them from falling into single file, but Dean doesn’t want to let go and it’s clear that Castiel doesn’t either.
‘He’s causing trouble for
It’s taken a few months, but Cas has learned to sleep more or less like a normal person: he still acts as though it’s an unnecessary inconvenience and doesn’t seem to need many hours, but since they moved out to the barn on the far end of Bobby’s property and started converting it into a proper cabin - into a proper home - Cas definitely understands the appeal better now. More often than not, it’s Dean who falls asleep first, his face buried in the alpha’s neck and their legs tangled, but he still occasionally has to kick Cas to get him to stop the weird staring business (he’s not dumb enough to think that Cas doesn’t immediately resume the weird staring once Dean is asleep, though).
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Of course. You’re very loyal to him. It’s a sweet quality.’
Castiel knows what
‘You know you’re not going to be safe here on your own,’ Naomi says, practically. ‘It won’t be long before people in the town learn where he is; someone else will have to take over his job responsibilities, and most likely the house will go along with that. Without Castiel to take care of you, you know you’d have to be returned to the Refuge, if you do refuse to come with me?’
‘It was you,’ he says, and Dean’s face does -
It’s not a complicated plan. From the sound of it and the precise way Cas schedules for it, his ruts are pretty regular - he sets aside a week for Dean to spend at Gabriel’s ranch, and arranges for the beta to bring him meals and check in on him, since Jody obviously can’t. It’s not the logistics of it that intrigue Dean, it’s Cas himself, ol’ ‘self-pollution is a sin’ Novak, who presumably has gone through the last decade - no, longer, maybe two - of ruts without laying a damn hand on himself. Dean can’t fathom it, not from what he’s known of alphas in rut, and sure - okay, Cas has never had an omega around, so maybe he doesn’t get caught up in the same single-minded obsession, but
He can’t go further inside.
Cas very carefully does not turn around. He is watching the Ashland telegraph boy make his wobbly way into the darkness on some sort of modern velocipede.
There’s a dark, damp patch on the carpet in front of the altar, the sort that looks like it’s gonna stain. Dean hates his fucking body.
‘That’s the size of at least three pieces.’
Update on treatments: Patient continues to respond well to hypnotic suggestion and sits quietly during session, as though a moral transformation has taken place. He asserts that he has not masturbated since treatment commenced and has had no desire to do so, and that he has had no dreams of men this week, but dreamed twice of women, though only platonically. He finds himself increasingly lethargic and apparently suffers for the want of mental and sensual satisfaction.
, he’d almost said, and that would have been enough to condemn him too.
A male omega is not only an affront to his sex, but - in his infertility - to the divine order of creation. They tempt men to sin, to unnatural thought, with no possibility of bearing children - which, Castiel supposes, conscious of the ‘fallen’ part of ‘fallen omega’, is probably the appeal. He wonders- and then quickly stops wondering.
It smells as though the heat is reaching its end, anyway. It’s likely Dean’s fever will have broken by the following afternoon, and then Castiel won’t have an excuse to return.
a heat on him that one time, and he’d been slick at the touch.
,’ he grits out, a second time. ‘I- I can pray more, Cas. I know I’ve been a dick about it. I can pray more.’ He can hear his own voice getting higher, faster. ‘I’ll be real good at church, I’ll stop cursing all the time. I don’t wanna go back to the Refuge, Cas, please. Anything you want.’
He can feel Cas hesitate before he presses Dean down into the mattress properly - hears himself make a breathy sort of noise that doesn’t sound like anything that would ordinarily come out of his mouth - and then there’s a moment of cold air before Cas sinks down next to him and Dean is able to curl back into his neck, his chest, mouth hot and wet against Cas’ throat, shivering closer like he can press through the layers of fabric between them. He thinks, wildly, that he is being held - not held down, just held - that this is what it feels like.
The Matron empties another bucket of water over the man, presumably just for good measure. It takes Castiel a moment to realise that she’s speaking, her voice low and vicious.
It’s almost definitely a bad idea, but on Saturday one of Gabriel’s boys brings over two saddled up horses - one chestnut, one glossy black - at Castiel’s request, tying them up at the fencepost in the front yard. It is late May; easily warm enough for Castiel to fall back into his summer habits of long, regular walks out of town, and swimming out by the lake. It’s something he has done for years, but only ever alone: whenever tragedy has struck the town, or a parishioner has lost a child or a pregnancy, or when Anna was taken away to the asylum - each time, Castiel has gone out to the water and thrown his body through it like a knife, letting the cold shock him into focus, pushing his body until his muscles ache and his mind is clear again.
‘Oh my
‘When you’re ready,’ he says, blandly, ‘I’d like you to kneel by the bed.’
Castiel nods, awkwardly.
More footsteps. These are heavier, faster - multiple people, he realises, taking a step back as the lock rattles, although none of them are speaking just yet and he can’t decipher the muddle of scents until the door is opened.
They’ve got nothing left to say.
Nobody answers. Castiel knocks harder; this time he hears hurried footsteps in the hallway, although it sounds as if they are moving in the wrong direction. ‘Hello,’ he repeats, louder. ‘Forgive me, I think the lock has jammed-’
The seat at the head of the table is, as always, left empty. That is, of course, where his father should be - where he would have sat - and as such everyone behaves as if he is still sitting in it. Seated at his right hand is Michael; at his left, Luc. Their mother sits at the other end of the table, and somehow watches everything. Around the outside of the room, standing as still as statues, are their personal attendants, chosen for beauty or obedience or to accessorise in the way of a watch chain or boutonniere; blank-faced, like empty vessels. In the many years they have been meeting for these annual dinners Castiel has never brought his own, and even now he’s more self-conscious rather than less, because for the first time he’s aware that he’s never
‘What kind of negotiation?’ he asks, just as Zachariah steps into the room and closes the door after him, giving Castiel a jovial but unexpected clap on the shoulder that makes him jump.
He wonders how many kids she has. The omega thing starts to make more sense as she talks: she’s like, whatever, like maybe how he imagines a mom to be. He folds an entire fried egg into his mouth. ‘I don’t know why he brought me here.’
; and then he realises his free arm is pulled back, tight as a bowstring, ready to strike the other man again, and when he looks down at Dean’s face there is blood at his mouth for a second time.
Gabriel rounds on Castiel accusingly. ‘He’s six one.’
it your home, Castiel?’
‘I’m not,’ says Castiel, somewhat defensively. She smirks.
One very last note! Mostly: thank you so much for the response to and comments on this fic. It's the first complete thing I've written (let alone shared) in about seven or eight years, and it's all because Misha Collins played the long con to make the angel gay and therefore activated my winter soldier sleeper activation phrase nearly a year ago and pulled one of my og hyperfixations back out of hell (WHAT, I have been functionally useless for nearly a whole year, truly can u believe). It's meant a lot to me to write anything again, and then the whole story got bigger and emotionally heavier than I'd ever imagined it getting, and that meant a lot too. So thank you very much for your encouragement and support <3
He hears Anna huff a wry laugh. ‘I’m lucky they let me out of my room. It’s called a rest cure.’
Today, they’ll go out on the trails, and Dean will teach Cas how to shoot - it’s the wrong time of year for hunting, but they’ll get there - and how to fish. He thinks they’re going to like it, side by side in the near silence. Tomorrow, they’ll do something else. They have time; and that future lies ahead of them, as open as the road.
‘Got it. I’ll just - I’ll get some corn for you to feed them. Don’t move, alright? Don’t go anywhere.’
God, Dean is a terrible person, because he
She breaks off for a moment. Castiel accidentally makes eye contact with a large faux-marble (possibly real marble? He doesn’t know) bust of George Washington on the other side of the library, and feels deeply uncomfortable about it.
‘They think I’m a whore!’ It comes out louder than he means it to. ‘They already think I’m a whore, they didn’t want me there, come on. I wasn’t trying to f- screw it up for you, Cas, I wasn’t. What was I supposed to say?’
‘For a little while.’
AUGUST 15th 1890, CASE NOTES: PATIENT 401.
But if he
‘Right, so. Whatever. I won’t try to
This time, he gets as far as unlocking the door before the awful fear sets in.
It’s perhaps somewhat self-flagellating, but Castiel takes himself over to the church in the morning.
‘There’s no point lying. They’ll inspect him later this afternoon, it’s going to be perfectly obvious what you’ve done.’
There’s a slight pause while Sam clearly waits to see if Castiel is going to respond, and then says, ‘I think he’s washing,’ which - translated from Sam-speak - means he’s gone out to take a dump.
‘Want you to stay,’ says Dean, no hesitation. It’s clearer than anything else in his fevered mind. ‘Want you to come back. I want - want - you to be okay - I prayed - Cas.’ The rasp of stubble feels incredible. He wants that all over the inside of his thighs. Cas doesn’t need to hear that, though, not now. Oh, god, he’d tried it though - that’s another thing he remembers all at once, Cas in the church, going down on him as if- as if- ‘Wanna, want, wanna sleep in your bed, want - sorry, I’ve gotta-’
Oh, god. Cas is here. Dean’s in heat, and Cas is here, in the room with him, finally. He’s going to cry. It’s going to be so embarrassing.
‘Make it sound like we’re gettin’ married,’ Dean grumbles, following him out, even though he knows it's a dangerous joke; and Sam laughs aloud and goes back to fetch the coffee pot and a plate for Bobby - who’s settled deep in his own armchair and doesn’t look inclined to move - and Dean takes the opportunity to nudge Cas onto the sofa and sit down next to him, closer than he needs to, thigh against thigh. Cas’ eyes are bright, and he’s glancing back up at Dean like he’s having the same thought - like the name change really is something more - and maybe that’s true. It makes Dean want to say it again. It makes him want to keep saying it, every morning, waking up with Cas curled around him or a leg pressed between his bare thighs; every evening, bickering over dousing the oil lamp or whose turn it is to bolt the door.
of all places,
. And Castiel means it, he means it so much he
‘Not because-’ he amends, clenching his jaw. ‘Listen my- Novak, he’s like, less than a day off his rut. Shit, Lisa, if you’d come here tomorrow I wouldn’t’ve even been here, I’m getting sent off for a week in the morning.’
‘But you are.’
‘In the bath. You’ve seen me in the bath.’
,’ says Dean, his voice a low, mocking rasp. Castiel feels his eyes go wide. ‘
‘It’s a Bible. I thought you should have your own.’
Dean goes. Castiel exhales.
‘Who are you?’ he says.
‘Your brother has requested the presence of Mr. Crowley and yourself, sir. He wishes to make a deal.’
‘Dean,’ says Michael again, over the top of the politicians bickering. ‘Come here. I-’
He wipes himself off with his bunched up underwear and tugs his clothes back on and goes to the outhouse to try and clean himself out with a rag and his fingers; and then he goes to the house to heat a bucket of water and drag it back to the little church, and he gets on his hands and knees to scrub the stains out of the carpet. It takes a while, and his body doesn’t like the movement, and he’s almost done when he realises the cushion is soaked through too and he’s not sure how to fix it. Everything smells of sex, of the two of them. He opens the couple of windows at the back that open - the ones that aren’t stained glass - to try and air it out, and then he gives up on that and trudges back to the house for carbolic soap and baking soda and commits himself to scrubbing the whole floor. The harsh smell of the soap helps, and so does furniture polish once he takes it to the dark wood of the altar and the first few pews; and then he’s started so he may as well do the rest of them.
"Dean, Dean, it's me. " He saw his brother, his unadulterated brother, looking at him in alarm.
"I wouldn't go back and change anything."
This was the situation that Cas watched, for longer than he should have allowed himself, his own thoughts confused. Then he remembered his job and grasped the man tight to draw him up out of perdition.
"This isn't about the apocalypse? This is about Dean? Is he hurt?"
The worst thing about Hell was that you never had anyone you could talk to. not really. He had sent people searching through the archives looking for more information about what would reduce a soul to dust, but he had no one with whom to share his anguish at the idea of losing his pet.
"How is that even possible?" Valac tossed the spreadsheets aside. "If Hell were suddenly doing things so well as to cause a large uptick in our market stats, wouldn't I be aware that the numbskulls surrounding me had been replaced by intelligent creatures?"
Sam had shadowed his older brother and found he'd developed a strange new afﬁnity for being alone.
"I don't know if Jimmy will be so amenable every night," the angel said with a trace of sadness to that pleasingly growly voice.
While his dreaming brain was trying to grasp all of this, he heard a voice. "That was really poor form, I'll have you know."
Their very own angel. Yes, now they had everything. An unusual contentment spread through the ranks, and Valac realized it was good business, if nothing else, having an angel to torment and desire as they pleased.
"What? What is it? Is someone coming?" Dean was stone-sober and vaulting off the bed with his gun in his hand.
The Spaniard knew that it was one last fix before they had to end their evening, but he did as he was asked without requiring any begging for a change, and a slight sadness to his movements. This had long since stopped being about ﬁlling whatever new organ he'd grown in Hell with its quota of screams. It was impossible for anyone with a soul to look away from Dean's predicament.
Etienne was staring at where his ﬁnger had been, and Dean would never guess whether he was thinking how glad it was only the ﬁnger, or how much he stood to lose for a few torture sessions: everything.
"What was that?" Raphael leaned forward. "Give it to me." He lashed the prisoner with holy ﬂames until any angel Balthazar knew would have been screaming for mercy.
Dean's face was still. Unnaturally still.
Dean installed himself on a stool and prepared to drink himself into reconciliation.
This day the Spaniard enumerated all of the reasons why Dean should be ashamed of lolling about all day as the kept creature belonging to someone who actually did things.
"I think your very intelligent partner has discovered that everything is Heaven, if you look at it in a certain way," Grace retorted. “Isn’t that how you got out of Hell, Etienne?”
"It was the book, dude, I'm sure of it. It took a few minutes to affect us, but it must have been that last book. And we can put a hunk of iron between it and us."
It was not the ﬁrst time that Cas had made a reference that Dean hadn't understood. When the angel ﬁrst resurrected him, he'd dropped many Shakespeare quotations before realizing that the narrow set of refresher books on human culture that Heaven sent ﬁeld ofﬁcers every so often were woefully out of date.
"No, I keep telling you, I got the ﬁrst clear sense of him many months, but the meaning of the message was garbled in some way."
"I won't lay a ﬁnger on him."
"Oh yes," the mouth said with a new intonation. "What your tawdry cause didn't realize is that we're like viruses—you ﬁnd one way to detect possession or cast out a demon, and we'll simply ﬁnd a new way you haven't thought of trying to defend against.
"Perhaps not the whole time. We moved around quite a lot, and I was distracted."
His lip curved very slightly.
Dean nodded as Castiel sat down heavily in the seat beside him.
"How do you feel?" Barry asked. Or maybe it was the demon. It didn’t matter one way or the other. Dean had never cared so little for anything in his life.
Dean thought it was better than nice. Something about having two consciousnesses inside the same body meant that the nerves and muscles and –oh!
"See, this is what I mean. I don't wanna be here--this place is like a padded cell. And you don't ask. You just swoop in and there you go – my soul smells bad permanently."
And that was all Sam could get out of him on the subject. Sometimes he would look over and ﬁnd his brother awake but sitting so still it felt like he was alone in the car.
"I didn't 'get' with him. It was all very nice and friendly."
"I hate Fate. I resent the hell out of all the shit those bitches keep cooking up for me. But take away that structure, that thing to ﬁght against, and it's all just one big cage ﬁght with no rules, no winners, no sense to it if we're merely determined by our environment."
When a message occasionally came through Dean's connection with Cas, Sam saw the relief mixed with all the other emotions his brother worked so hard to ignore.
Balthazar returned to earth in time to meet the waitress from Carmine's as she got off work.
"Have you ever been experienced?"
Dean didn't know if it was the strangeness of it being JimimotherfuckingHendrix, or what he was saying about his deﬁciencies, but he was transﬁxed.
"Apparently Dean is quite skilled at not transmitting. I know he's been sighted in New York, but he's not in touch with even his family. His brother and uncle have tried to enlist me to spy on him but I refuse."
I am happy to report that my guest is very well-behaved and no trouble at all. In fact, my efforts to learn a second language are going much better, and I'm experiencing a sense of calm that is quite useful during these stressful times.
"Are you looking for a port in the storm?" the waitress asked shortly before closing.
Angels and demons didn't care about the aesthetics of the image apparently —the glow of light with his features barely visible beneath it meant it was an authentic angel-like creature who was stooping so low as to be tortured for kicks. And therein was the enchantment.
Her makeup, clothing and jewelry, which had seemed so discreet, were still obviously expensive but now seemed garish. The hand that held her purse had an alcoholic's tremor that had probably been a fact of life for her for at least a decade. The weight that leaned on his arm was like a bird's.
"I can see that," Josie said. "You boys look hungry.”
Risking a few naughty phrases he was careful to make come out in English, not Greek, Dean basked in the feeling of having to do nothing while someone else did everything.
Dean felt a surge of jealousy.
"Dean Winchester, you emotionally stunted bastard. You thought it was the job that kept you from getting close to somebody, but you're a toxic mess that destroys everyone he gets close to. Cas knew who he was before he met you, and now you gave him the ability to feel all the shit in the universe, plus all the crap you unloaded on him. Good thing you got yourself quarantined downstairs and can't hurt him anymore."
He looked around but there was no smell of women's shampoo, no condom wrappers, and Sam was asleep in his bed.
"I'm kind of dumb, for one, and secondly, you know how long it's taken to break in Cas to the Winchester way."
Cas was surprised and relieved to feel Dean cooing in his arms, trying to get closer, closer, the way he did the ﬁrst time they bonded. This was the Winchester man he remembered—opinionated even in bed, willful, creative. That tender-strong creature he had once thought was a soul, but Cas now knew to be speciﬁcally Dean.
"That should hold them for a moment," the angel was saying. "They're a bit like bats—they orient themselves by sonar and can be confused by the right sounds."
The woman, whose name was Josie Slick, was the local sheriff and had enough clout to eject a couple of complaining voices out of the sheriff station with just a look.
"Was he angry?" Castiel asked, wiggling their toes in the sand and studiously avoiding looking at the woman wearing a few strings and nothing else.
Dean took in his brother’s sorrow and continued, “So that's why we're going to start preemptively possessing people."
Damnation. Dean preferred his demons on the irrational side—when they started speculating with the soul market it couldn't end well.
"He's nowhere to be found, and I can't be bothered at this point," Raphael answered testily. "I want you to get a feeling of whether Hell knows where the Nephilim's vessels, particularly Dean Winchester, can be found."
Sam and Bobby were also in Cas' old room to discuss Dean having missed checking in for two weeks in a row. Etienne was by Balthazar's side.
"Thank you for meeting with us," interjected Remiel.
He was aware this was some kind of test but it was no contest: "The Brit. We can be two redheads, how's that?"
"Sorry, Father Tim, I've never heard of a possessed person who reads the Bible," Dean said sorrowfully, sad to let go the ﬁne baked goods that tended to come with the preacher territory. He helped himself to another piece of strawberry pie. Damn, these Kentucky church ladies could bake.
Castiel pulled his wings in front of his face. "The rest is up to you. Excuse me while I have a fantasy."
The demon took a sip of liquor and then leaned back to look over his tented ﬁngers. "Is there dissent in the ranks that I don't know about? Do tell."
"I really was in Vegas most of the time," he objected, but Sam looked hurt. "How did you know? Did Phil Crabtree tip you off?"
Dean detected a note of sadness. "Has it held you back, my not being here?" The ﬁve couples each functioned as a unit. Why wasn't Etienne there? Shouldn’t it be the Twelve?
At that moment, something came together in the angel’s mind. For someone as old as he, it was embarrassingly simple. Yet the concept was completely new to him—nothing in Heaven could have prepared him for this new capacity:
He poured another round. "If you can send a message to him, tell Cas this one's for him," Sam said, holding up his glass. "He's a kickass strategist, no offense, Khan. You're dating a genius, Dean."
Twelve hours later, thousands more had invited their spirits in, and the ﬁrst of a wave of demon-conjuring rituals began.
Dean did as he was told, the taste of leather somehow familiar.
He might have been falling on his ass for most of his life on his own, but it was the endearing soldier in a dude-shaped package that was the ultimate non-sequitur for Dean Winchester. He was grasping that Wonderland wasn’t just about failing or stumbling—it was about what existed beyond your plans.
"But we never thought he would cock-block an archangel."
All eyes were on Dean, and he wished he could drop out of Heaven in an instant.
Dean read that book until it fell apart and he stitched it back together with dental ﬂoss. It was splattered with blood and ketchup and was by now a ﬁxture in his jacket's inner pocket. He read it while eating and he read it before going to sleep. It made him laugh in a way that nothing had made his brother laugh for a long time.
"I think that's it," a masculine voice said.
"Carol Anne," the girl said. "Is there something wrong? Don't hurt him—Bruce went through hell to come back to me."
"Dude, you must be tripping balls," a male voice on his right said. "Your eyes are super-dilated. Why don't you go over there to the chillout tent? They've got orange juice and stuff to help you out."
"Take it up with him," he mouthed to her, gesturing to White Crow, who was nodding at Sam's increasingly frequent attempts to draw parallels between their two traditions.
But Dean chose a third route. He bolted.
Dean quickly came to the conclusion that no game was important enough to lose Cas over.
"I was afraid of this sort of thing," Cas said, appearing next to the bed. "Acedia can begin to affect the organism as well. Some people move more slowly or experience occasional paralysis."
They stared out of the same eyes at the woman gyrating in front of them in tassels and a g-string.
Dean picked up his Genghis Khan book and shut out his brother's odd look.
A rabbi ran by, chased by a laughing Buddha. The sun and the moon shared the sky.
When he was able to calm his many worries and desires, which mostly meant-when he stopped missing Cas- once in a while Dean could hear the vanished angel.
"Valac, I'm Valac," the demon said patiently. "We have no more use for Barry at the present, though some of his photos are going to bring a lot of delight the universe over.
"What?" Dean choked on his milkshake. It was a little too thick. "We don't have time to go legit at this late stage in the game."
When Cas ﬁnally came for him, the light had spilled out from under the door and was slipping towards him like a bright puddle. To dissolve, to think no more. He sat very still, barely breathing, waiting for the stillness to become complete.
Every moment Etienne was in Hell, Balthazar was drying out until he was a husk that somehow hopped to attention when his angelic supervisors gave orders.
The memory of the angel caused an unwelcome pang. Dean forced himself to pay better attention
"Um, sir, sorry, what are we to do?" one of the quivering demons asked.
Together, the childless widower who was functionally illiterate and the headstrong young woman ﬂeeing from her highbrow family roamed the ﬁelds, falling in love with each other only secondarily. What they really loved together was a third thing—the countryside, in all its color and form.
"No, you were transmitting on a solidly prayerful wavelength and those are always private for Enochian speakers. I only heard you for a second because our prayers coincided."
The 50-something man who seem to have never met a dramatic gesture he didn't like threw up his hands and cast his eyes heavenward.
"I don't see why Valac didn't simply loose Dean on Heaven if he's that powerful," Darius remarked as they approached a doorway.
He took a sip of beer. "It was kind of like Black Ops, you know the sort of thing where you put your life on the line but if things go south, it's all on you?"
"Humph," Cas said. "Most likely he told everyone what they wanted to hear and that's how he acquired the winning vote."
"Your lover, who, if the gossip is to be trusted, has cast you off forever," the demon continued.
He saw them talking to themselves in well-populated fantasies, saw them vacant and staring. Occasionally one of these last would be circulated through the other levels to try to ignite some spark, but if they couldn't be roused by any of the tortures, these souls would be scuttled off into some back corner of Limbo and forgotten.
