, but she has a ring on her finger and there’s a photo of Sam and a little boy in overalls on her mantle when Dean visits her that evening. That’s all he needs to clap her on the shoulder and envelope her in a welcoming hug.
Any time Dean passes near, Cas tucks a small flower or a twig into his hair or clothing. The fourth or fifth time this happens, Dean stops the mower and pushes Cas against the porch rail, crowding into his space to kiss him silly.
After a few minutes of lazily making out, Dean huffs impatiently and pulls away. “Food,” he explains, sounding exasperated with such a mundane need. “Last time I ate was…” he blinks as he searches his memory.
think they need. You think that’s gonna help us kill a monster?” He shouldn’t say what he says next, he knows he shouldn’t, but the words pour out anyway. “Dammit, man, look what happened with Sully!”
“I got something,” he confirms. As he gets up to grab his coat, he feels a puzzle piece slide into place in his mind.
It shouldn’t be possible, not with the drugs pumping in his veins, but Dean drifts to sleep an hour or two later, his head pressed against Cas’s chest and his arms around Cas’s waist.
“I—what?” Dean blinks and shakes himself. He thinks he catches a whiff of fresh turned dirt, but then it’s gone. “Nothing. I guess I can’t believe we finally got here.” He feels his way with his words like he might pitch straight into a chasm if he isn’t careful.
.”. Cas’s English is near-perfect now, but he does have the occasional vocabulary mix-up that Dean delights in and Cas pretends to be offended by.
“I think I’m already there,” Sam mutters. He makes a valiant attempt to look annoyed, but his lips curl up despite his best efforts and the next minute he’s laughing, face turned to the ceiling. “I can’t believe it. I can’t! What did he do? Mojo your weird-ass hangups away? Actually, you know what—don’t answer that question. I don’t want to know.”
Dean wets his lips. Coming out is never easy, no matter how many times he’s done it, no matter who the person is. This is years overdue though, so he opens his mouth and plows ahead. “That’s not true.”
When he finally reaches the fields, he carefully skirts around them to avoid trampling the young plants poking up from the soft soil. It makes the trip longer than he wants, but he’s pretty sure no one there would appreciate their crops being ruined. His decision’s unintended side effect is that he approaches the double row of stone buildings on an actual road.
“We are always ‘up to something,’” Castiel says, making exaggerated air quotes with his fingers. “It is, as Dean would say, part of our charm.” Dean snorts as he passes the pen to his husband. Cas gives Dean a long look, the sort that leaves him weak-kneed and dizzy, before scrawling his name with a flourish. “I love him. That is all that matters, is it not?”
It takes every ounce of courage Dean has to reveal the last documents in the pile. “This one’s the I-130 to apply for your green card, and the other’s the I-485 to change your residency status to permanent. And this one...um, this one’s a marriage license.”  His eyes slide sideways to examine Cas in profile, waiting for a response.
” Cas is making similar noises of objection, backing away one step at a time with his hands palms-out in front of his chest. For some reason the sight isn’t as vindicating as he thought it would be.
“As you wish,” he says instead, low and breathy. Cas won’t get the reference, but it doesn’t matter. It’s the thought that counts, and Dean is going to make damn sure it counts
Cas can’t seem to decide what to do with his hands, so Dean reaches up, grabs them, guides them to the back of his head, urges him to push and pull as he needs.
He chooses to ignore how Dean’s eyes roll to the heavens at the gesture. He’d do the same if positions were flipped and they both know it.
Cas closes his eyes. “I think my brethren are...as you would say, ‘fucking off to nowhere.’ I haven’t heard anything on angel radio in days now, anyway. And then yesterday, my grace just…” he raises his arm, making an abortive reaching gesture before letting his arm fall back to the blanket, palm open and empty. “This vessel is all I am, now.”
Violet nods slowly, chin wobbling. “Yes. You’re hunters, I—I know. I just…” Her eyes track to the side and Dean follows them. A tall mirror with a crack down the side rests against the wall across from them.
After a moment of hesitation that has his heart in his throat and his stomach doing queasy flips, Dean leans in to press a kiss against Cas’s cheek. We would need to share affections, Cas had said, and this seemed as good a time as any to make good on that requirement.
Dean’s eyes sting and his heart turns over painfully in his chest. He pulls away to run his tongue over suddenly parched flesh while he tries to swallow down the lump in his throat. When he focuses on Cas again, their faces are so close Dean can feel their mingled breath on his skin. “I love you so much,” Dean whispers, his fingers brushing over Cas’s jaw. “Don’t do this, Cas.”
When they get there, Dean’s gaze sweeps the small room, the same as he always does. It’s a fucking mess, far worse than he left it; there are dents in the walls, weapons piled on the counter, and pill bottles of every variety in a jumble on the table.
“Cas died, Jack left, and you—you just fucking gave up, okay? You fed yourself to a djinn, I guess. It’s the only thing that makes sense.”
Dean’s up and in his face almost immediately, lockpicks busy in the handcuffs. The metal clicks open and Cas’s hands fall to his sides as the rest of him settles to the ground. It only takes a moment to wash his limbs with grace and revitalize the lost blood flow, and then he’s able to reach for Dean.
His confusion is interrupted by Sam coughing for air, chest heaving as he struggles to sit up. Cas pulls away and Dean’s hand drops to the ground. His palm tingles where it was pressed against Cas’s coat and he tries to ignore the sensation. It doesn’t mean anything, right?
When Dean and Cas enter, Sam barely looks up from the screen, but Eileen straightens and takes a drink from her beer with a no-nonsense look in her eye.
They kiss, hot and frantic, messy and wet, until Dean’s certain every trace of his old fear has been utterly seared away by the heat of it all. Then Cas’s mouth shifts to leave a trail of hot kisses along Dean’s jaw, and Dean’s brain actually short circuits. His eyes roll up in his head and he emits an embarrassingly high-pitched groan, hands scrambling to touch skin, any skin, rather than the thin fabric currently in his way.
before they even arrive. “Witches,” he says, scrubbing his hand down his face, “why is it always witches?”
Cas turns toward the sound of water and starts walking; after one last look around their refuge, Dean follows.
Dean is oblivious to the mess around him. He doesn’t even seem aware that Sam’s still there, or really that there’s anything in the world other than Cas. He reaches, fingers hooking into Cas’s tie and tugging ineffectually. “You told me you didn’t want to be with me,” Dean hisses. “You told me you’d rather be anywhere else, because seeing me was painful.”
“It’s Cas, isn’t it?” She asks in an undertone, ever mindful of the weird acoustics of this place that make it so Crowley, seated on the opposite side of the walk in, can potentially hear every word spoken.
Muller looks him up and down, then exhales through pursed lips. “As you wish, but kicking me out ain’t gonna change who you are or what you want. You can run from reality, but you can’t hide forever.”
Cas clears his throat and turns to pay for the jewelry. When he’s done they put the rings away and Dean is actually relieved to see them go. It had felt strange to put the ring on himself...and that makes no sense at all. There is nothing attached to the accessory beyond a practical need to keep Cas in America.
“Because what Dean said in jest to support his charade, I said with certainty, knowing he will never feel the same.”
sorry this update is late, work is so tiring and its left me very little time to write and I still wanna make sure my writing is like, good enough for you guys :(
Dean and Castiel sat down together at lunch the following Monday. Dean mindlessly picked at his food, trying not to let his anxiety take him down through the spiral that was surely coming. “So, what did you want to talk about?”
At the end of the day, Dean flagged down Jo and she stopped, waiting for him as he caught up to her.
“So,” Castiel started. “Still think my parents hate you?” Castiel pulled his bag into his bed and started digging around for his English notes.
I've gotta be honest, I've only got a few more chapters written and I'm plateauing on this story a bit.
Charlie rubbed her temples, groaning in annoyance. They’d been sitting here for an hour while Castiel word vomited how he couldn’t be gay just because he liked Dean kissing him. Not even bisexual… he insisted.
“No, no,” Dean said suddenly, successfully dragging himself out of the anxiety, if for just a moment. “I’m sorry, I’m just… there’s a lot on my mind right now.”
Dean groaned as his phone vibrated on the bed next to him. Of course he forgot to turn his phone off.
, he thought to himself, not daring to say any of that out loud. He was sure Jo was already suspicious of his feelings towards Castiel after how he reacted at the dance.
Before too much longer, the bell rang, and lunch was over. The three of them got to their feet and fought the current back into the cafeteria to throw away their lunches and grab their things.
Castiel let out a deep sigh. “And thus begins the saga of late-night texts that I’ll regret in the morning…” he whispered to himself.
Castiel gave Dean a gentle smile. “You’re one of my greatest friends, Dean. Nothing will ever change that.”
He hadn’t expected so much to happen. Because, so… so much was happening… He felt so bad for Dean, but… Castiel had his struggles too. And he reached out to Dean. Dean didn’t do the same.
Dean laughed and stood up. He offered a hand to Castiel to hoist him up as well. They walked together in comfortable silence towards Dean’s house. When they walked in they were greeted by the pleasant smell of bacon and eggs cooking in the kitchen. Sam lay across the couch in the living room, watching some cartoons absentmindedly.
The Winchesters left and in the morning when Castiel went for a bike ride, their house was completely barren, with nothing but a haunting for-sale sign blowing lazily in the early morning wind.
Later that day at lunch, the usual group of four sat at their table. Charlie immediately began planning outfits for herself and Gabe.
Dean turned and met her piercing gaze. She simply smirked at him before turning around and walking away, flipping her hair behind her. Dean felt his blood boil.
“Dean, please, just go…” Castiel begged. Dean reached out to him, but Castiel just shook his head and slapped his hand away. “Just leave me alone!” he shouted, his eyes pleading and tears flowing freely. “You did that well enough for 8 years, you’re just making everything worse for me by being back!”
Charlie rubbed reassuring circles into Gabe’s back. “I know. I’m worried too. But, I promise you that I don’t think Dean is as evil as we’ve lead ourselves to believe. You should have seen the way he looked at me when he asked for Cassie’s number. So much hope, so much
The end of the day rolled around, and Gabe and Dean had been in contact for the better part of the day. The planned to take position at either end of the hall, eyes on Castiel’s locker. When Hannah came to meet him after classes, they’d pull out their phones and record. That way if she tried to pull anything suspicious, they’d catch her in the act.
Jo shook her head, smiling. “You have nothing to make up for, Winchester. You were trying to protect your friend, and I think that’s really noble of you. And like I’ve already told you, I still had a lot of fun.” Jo smiled sweetly, then paused, thinking for a moment. “…but if you want to take me out on a second date, I might be inclined to say yes. Hopefully we won’t have to swoop in and save Castiel next time around.”
Castiel shook his head. “I know, but… all those years, I was so depressed. I had friends and my family. I shouldn’t have been so… so…”
“Wouldn’t tag you as the type to swing both ways, Winchester,” Gabe remarked, still smirking. At least he had one good thing going for him at this point.
to be sorry for, okay?” Dean said, nudging Castiel with his shoulder. “Everything’s gonna get better now. I promise.”
And after Castiel was finally able to fall asleep last night, his mind kept playing the scenes of that day over and over again. And all Castiel wanted to do was go to Dean and tell him that he was sorry, that he’d give anything to have him close, to hold him, to stare into those perfect green eyes and tell him how much he loved-
“It’s… it’s okay,” Castiel assured him. “I… I appreciate your honesty, Dean. And I’m flattered by it, but, it is like you said… I am straight.”
At home, Castiel’s phone buzzed. He picked it up to see a notification from an unknown phone number. Intrigued, he turned his attention from the English homework he’d been working on and unlocked his phone.
Before Dean could muster any sort of response, Charlie was over at his side trying to drag him out of his seat. “Come on, Dean-o. The love doctor is gonna be two for two today!”
Castiel laughed. “As nice as that would be, if I’m gonna get enough money to run away from here and go to college, I need to go to work.”
“I’m sorry, Cas,” he said, pulling him into a tight hug. “I promise I’ll be back before you know it.”
Dean nodded his head, looking down where he was nervously fidgeting his fingers. “Yeah, of course… uh…”
Gabe rested a reassuring hand on Dean’s shoulder. He hadn’t noticed it, but Dean had began to shake, tears welling in his eyes. “She’s threatened me, and she’s attacked me with all sorts of things about my dad and how I’m just like him, and…”
Eventually the lunch bell rang and they broke off to go to their classes. Castiel and Charlie both had English next, so they walked together. When they got to the classroom, they chose two seats close to the back. As people filed into the class, the boy with dirty blond hair and green eyes walked in. Charlie slapped Castiel on the arm.
He added Dean to his contacts because he’d forgotten to do so earlier. He put him under the name ‘Asshat.’ There was no way he’d forget who it was then.
Castiel laughed as he absorbed all of the questions from Dean’s mother. “Oh, my parents are doing really well. They were excited to hear that you guys moved back in. Luke’s doing great, too! He’s up at college, so it’s been a little lonely at home without him.” Castiel rubbed the back of his neck sheepishly. “I was actually going to invite Dean over today so we could study together, if that’s alright?”
“Did Dean do something?” Castiel wasn’t sure if that was a growl he heard in Charlie’s voice or if he was just that off.
Dean received no more texts from Gabe, so he assumed that’s how most of their text conversations were going to be going. He made it through the rest of his math homework and made his way to the bathroom to take a quick shower. When he came back, he had two new texts, both from Jo.
“Yeah. I’m fine,” Castiel mumbled, digging through his bag to pull out a notebook and a pencil. Though, he wasn’t exactly sure he was going to be paying much attention to the lecture.
“This isn’t the first time I’ve heard… unflattering images being painted of Miss Johnson,” he said, his voice low and tired. He must get a lot of this from her, then. Even the principal of the school is at her mercy. He let out a deep sigh. “But, unfortunately, due to lack of evidence, I’m afraid there isn’t much I can do. But, this so-called “stunt” you boys pulled doesn’t seem worthy of any real punishment, so you are free to return to class.”
Without any sort of introduction, Hannah pulled on Castiel’s shirt. “Cassie, can you come with me for a second? I wanna talk to you about something!”
around you, you know? You make me feel warm, and safe, and… and happy. So, so happy… I just… I couldn’t keep holding it in like the feeligns weren’t there. I’m so sorry…”
When Dean pulled away, his face immediately fell. He moved away so he wasn’t so close to Castiel and started stumbling through words when Castiel had no discernible reaction.
“That’s what hurts, Dean. I don’t want to have to never look at you again. I… I really liked you, you idiot,” she muttered under shaky breath, trying desperately to keep more tears from falling.
His calves hit the mattress and they’re falling, falling carelessly backward, Cas’s weight pushing him into the bed as they land, Cas’s hands hauling him upward until his head settles on the pillow. Their mouths part  then and Dean growls a protest. It cuts off when Cas starts sucking on the pulse point below his ear, tongue rolling in mind-boggling circles against sensitive skin. Dean groans, his head falling to the side of its own volition.
“It definitely is. Versions of them appear in folk tales across the world. According to this hunter’s blog I was reading—”
. His friend’s pain is painted across every line on his face, takes the sparkle from his eyes, fills his shoulders with tension. It’s so obvious now, Sam is ashamed he didn’t notice before.
Blue eyes glimmer in the dim light of the warehouse as Cas drops to one knee beside Dean, his tie eskew and his hair looking as if he’d just had three rounds of the world’s best sex.
When he wakes the next morning, it’s to find Cas sprawled out beside him, eyes closed and breath even in sleep. They’re still butt naked, limbs intertwined, and Dean fights the instinctive urge to get up and leave. What good would that do now? None, that’s what.
Dean’s cheek is resting on Cas’s thigh. He looks up and finds Cas kneeling in front of him, one hand still squished between them to hold Dean upright. He looks exhausted, but terrified, his eyes wide and face paler than Dean’s ever seen them. His lips are parted slightly as if on the edge of a cry and his hand trembles where it grips Dean’s clothes.
“Yes, but I…” Castiel purses his lips together, eyeing the map table as if it holds the answer to life, the universe, and everything. “Perhaps I would be of more use here.”
Dean reaches up to pat the side of Cas's leg. “Thanks,” he says after taking several deep, gulping breaths. “That would’ve sucked.”
sleep through an air raid siren doesn’t mean he likes alarms any more than Dean does—and lets his head roll to the side as if to say
“It doesn’t happen often,” Miriam says softly, “but it is a risk we all take when we feel that bond forming. All we can do is trust. Trust that our mate feels the same and trust that they will tell us.”
Sam nods, pointing an approving finger at Castiel. “Bingo. They’re actually related to Zanna, though I doubt they’d like to acknowledge it. They don’t kill, they just scare bad children into being good.”
Dean’s head rolls back against the wall, one hand gripping Cas’s shoulder, the other scrabbling across the bricks, looking for purchase and finding none. He reaches for Cas instead, fingers combing through his hair, and every strand crossing his fingers is like silk.
The road to Jackson is paved with good intentions, a fact Dean has to remind himself of at regular intervals. They’re saving people, hunting things; it’s what they do and that’s supposed to be a good thing, right? Thing is, the thirteen hour trip to Jackson sure feels like a punishment. A silent punishment, the sort that even a steering wheel, Metallica, and a greasy spoon lunch can’t mitigate.
Dean wipes his mouth on the back of his hand, then wipes Cas’s thighs off with a corner of the sheet. Then he clambers up to collapse next to Cas on the pillow.
The pragmatic statement is so distinctly Cas that Dean throws back his head and guffaws as he scrambles to his feet. “Can we go home and pretend we never got out of bed?” He asks hopefully.
All resistance fails. Cas finds himself on top of Dean in an instant, their bodies awkwardly positioned but their faces mere inches apart. He shifts his weight to put one hand on Dean’s chest, and can feel his heart pounding, ragged and overwhelmed, just beneath his palm.
“I would endanger your mission,” Cas says finally. “I don’t even know how to use most human weapons.”
Their mouths drift apart. Dean makes an unintelligible noise of protest, but then there’s hot breath on his throat, Cas’s mouth wet and soft along his jaw, sucking and licking like Dean’s the most delectable candy he’s ever tasted. His teeth graze Dean’s ear lobe and tug gently. Dean whimpers in response, and Cas
“I love you, Castiel,” Dean says shakily, releasing the blue fabric to slide up and cup Cas’s face with work-roughened fingers. “I love you so damn much it hurts.”
“So you’re the equivalent of a fork in their existential microwave?” Dean teases. He kisses Cas’s cheek.
“No,” Dean says. His throat protests the single syllable as if he hasn’t had a drink in weeks, and he makes a note to retrieve a beer from the mini fridge as soon as he trusts his legs to stand.
Castiel’s mind still functions as it always has, but his vessel feels sated and lazy, intent on settling in and doing nothing save bask in the afterglow of intense, physical satisfaction. It isn’t an unfamiliar sensation, but certainly not one he’d ever expected to feel in relation to Dean.
“Thanks for twisting my arm,” Dean says. Surprisingly, the comment doesn’t sound sarcastic; Sam squints suspiciously, but opts not to reply. “We talked,” the other man continues after a pause, seeming to realize it’s on him to continue the conversation. “And, uh...it’s good. We’re good. Real good, actually. Cas thought you might like to hear it from me first so he’s Netflixing it up at the motel.”
“Do you like it, dear?” Cas asks, and while the sales clerk coos at how adorable they are, Dean recognizes premium Castiel mockery when he hears it.
“Like he was holding the door shut—trying to hide from something?” Sam offers, and Dean knows he’s using the police reports to help her fill in the gaps. “Protecting himself, maybe?”
, his eyes traveling over every inch of Castiel’s face as if seeing it for the first time. “Morpheus told me you were fake,” he begins. He hedges around the details as he usually does with any sensitive subject, refusing to name emotions or thoughts that seem obvious to Castiel, but eventually the whole story comes out.
was the coolest thing ever, actually, and he would have braved any challenge if it meant a high five from her later. “This’ll do the deed if you can catch the bastard. If Dean needs me, just give a holler; you know the drill. So long, suckers.”
.” He doesn’t know where his gun or knife are, but he’ll take the bastard out with his bare hands if he has to.
A loud bang yanks him back to reality. He blinks, shaking his head and looking around for some sign of what’s happening, but nothing presents itself. A moment later there’s a second bang, and Castiel realizes he can hear voices.
“So you lure humans here to feed off them,” Dean snarls, his hand inching toward his knife. “Disgusting.” He’s pretty damn sure a steel blade won’t do any good, but if he goes down, at least he’ll go down fighting.
He chuckles at the thought. This ain’t quite it, but someday, maybe, if he knows the end is coming, he could go out like this and it wouldn’t be so bad. The only way it could be more perfect is if—
Lips on the back of his neck reward him for that foresight. “How do you want to do this?” Cas asks, his fingers trailing lightly up Dean’s length, then massaging his frenulum with devastating effect. “I want
They’d circled to protect Jack as they fought, refusing to move no matter how the zombies pushed them. Now they’re surrounded by the dead, thrown into tall mounds by the sheer force of the fight. They’re pale and still as if they’d never moved now, but their beaten, broken bodies bear witness to what came before. It's gruesome and morbid, a nightmare he knows he won't wake from. Dean finds himself calculating how much lighter fluid it will take to burn them all, and gives up when he realizes they’d be better off raiding a gas station...assuming burning them would actually matter anymore.
. He isn’t even sure who such vague thoughts are directed to anymore other than Definitely Not Chuck, but saying it has to be better than not.
Sam scrolls one-handed, rolling his eyes in the quiet of the war room as he passes some of the laughable results. There’s a couple claiming the wife’s ex-boyfriend’s ghost impregnated her while she slept; of course, there’s no mention of the handsome neighbor patting her shoulder in the interview. Then there’s a man claiming the President is a vampire (with that skin tone, though? Even the most off-base legends wouldn’t allow for that). There’s even a group of college kids with blown pupils and Ganja for Life T-shirts claiming they saw some fairies.
He pauses with one foot on the doorstep when he gets there, however, his eyes caught on a shadow cast by moonlight through the trees in the field beyond. Long and black, spread across the field like—like—
Dean retrieves it, waving airly at Mrs. Dawes across the way, and deposits it on the table next to Cas. “More coffee?” he asks, one hand on Cas’s shoulder.
“No!” Dean huffs out, laughing despite himself. “God no, I’m twenty-six, man, I’ve been around the block. It’s just been awhile.” He can feel Cas relax against him. For some reason, it makes him wish he could have said yes. What would it have been like, really, for Cas to be his first?
” The walls Dean built so carefully crumble, crash, and fall away instantly. He rounds the table to kneel next to Cas, knotting his hands into his shirt so hard his knuckles pop. “You’re
It takes a little while, but Castiel eventually comes to the conclusion that while the bogeyman might know how to capture him, it is incapable of impacting him emotionally. This seems to frustrate it; he can feel the odd pressure in his mind when the bogeyman is working, and he can hear it swearing when nothing happens.
. He barely gets the device unlocked before bright light explodes in his head and the world fades away. The last thing he hears is the clatter as his blade and phone hit the hardwood floor.
Sam spends most of the drive on his phone or laptop, talking with hunters and other people he knows—how
His skull feels like it’s made of Jello, but he dresses anyway, grumbling irritably as he jams his feet into his boots. Cas took his coat, he notes, but left his scarf and gloves on the shelf by the door. Dean almost leaves them behind—let the son of a bitch freeze, it was his own stupid decision to waltz out in a snowstorm—but snags them at the last minute as he’s heading out the door.
Cas looks at him, blue eyes puzzled, and Dean runs a thumb over his cheek. “We’re going back to the hotel,” he says, “and I’m going to make you feel so damn good, Cas.”
Dean melted further into his mother’s embrace, and let his tears fall. “You deserved so much better, mom. You deserved so much better than him.”
Dean watched the screen in anticipation, not even sure why he was so anxious. He was going to respond eventually. Hannah didn’t control him anymore, and he wasn’t moving across the country again.
Dean couldn’t help the grin that spread across his face as he watched his mom dote over Castiel for the first time in such a long time.
He threw a hand up to his face and groaned. “God, I really am the worst person on the planet, aren’t I?”
The rest of the day passed in a slow calm, and with absolutely no sign of Hannah. For the first time in forever, it felt like the entire student body was breathing just a little bit easier.
His mother tucked a strand of hair behind her ear as she stood up with the dust pan, bringing it to the trash can to dump it. “He went to a friend’s house after school today, but he’ll be home in time for supper.”
Dean gave Jo a sheepish grin. “Well, if nothing else, you deserve to be treated like a princess tonight.”
She beamed at him. “Well, it’s always a pleasure to see you. You’re welcome at the Novak house any time, sweetie.”
Castiel rolled his eyes and turned to look at Dean sitting across the table. He was gazing off at something in the distance. Correction, make that
Dean and Castiel were slowly but surely returning to good terms. Charlie was ecstatic because it had been so long since she’d seen the sparkle in Castiel’s eyes. Gabe was more than displeased with the situation, but he wasn’t going to push Castiel to cut Dean out if he didn’t want to.
Luckily, ever since the incident… Gabe had made a habit of responding almost instantaneously to any and all of Castiel’s texts.
Castiel couldn’t help his snort of laughter. He hadn’t realized how much he’d missed his friends. He couldn’t believe how distant he’d been forced to be from all of them, especially Dean. He’d seen them every day, but now it felt like it was the first time he’d seen them in months.
And, I am GOING to finish this fic if it kills me. No matter how long it takes, it is going to be done. I'm so sorry to those of you who have been waiting for so long. And such a huge thank you to people who are still here even though I've been MIA for literal years. Please be patient with me, but I am going to try to keep regular updates from now on. Feel free to follow me on twitter @tardis_noise because I do post there a lot about happenings, if you're interested.
“So, is this really the person you want to be in charge of making decisions for you? Someone as manipulative and abusive as Hannah Johnson?”
reason I’m doing this is because I know how much Cas has missed you. And I’m hoping rekindling your friendship will put some of the light back into his eyes. I’ve missed seeing that… but maybe the person who put the flame out can bring it back.”
Dean whipped around to see Hannah staring him down. Her eyes were cold and empty. She didn’t deserve Castiel. She deserved the absolute worst, and he was going to make sure that it came to her.
Castiel wandered around the room. He smiled at all the posters and CDs that lined his walls and sat in stacks on his dresser. He stopped at a picture that sat on his desk: it was a picture of himself, Sam, and their parents. His father’s figure was there, but his face had been crudely cut out of the photo.
Out of the corner of his eye, Dean watched as Castiel’s face fell. If his heart hadn’t already cracked in two, it had now. He wanted so badly to pull Castiel away from Hannah and into a hug, to take him home and wrap him in his favorite blanket and just sit with him until he felt better.
Castiel responded by slamming his locker closed. “Jesus, Dean, can’t you just leave me the hell alone for once?
Charlie pulled away from the hug, humming thoughtfully. “Well, I’m sure Gabe has officially been banished from the table now too. But I know that she knows I wasn’t involved in any of it. So, I’ll keep close tabs on them. And if anything happens, you two will be the first to know.”
Gabe’s gaze softened when he saw the raw desperation in the other boy’s eyes. “I’ll keep my eye on him, Winchester. Don’t worry about it. He’ll make it out of this just like he makes it out of everything else. I’ve… I’ve only ever seen that kid try to give everything up once. I’ll never let that happen again.”
Castiel hugged back, and he couldn’t help his smile. “Shut up. I think its your fault, all your gay rubbed off on me.”
Jo planted a sweet kiss to Dean’s cheek. Her phone started buzzing in her pocket and she pulled it out.
His mother stood up and walked over to him, pulling him into a hug. He looked up at his father across the table, who gave him a soft smile. He immediately thought of Dean. He probably never knew what it felt like to have two parents who loved you and cared for you more than anything. He only knew the pain that his father had caused himself, his brother, and his mother. But Miss Mary had always been a tough lady, and he knew that she had plenty of love to give to Sam and Dean.
Jo suddenly stopped walking, and Dean almost ran into her. She turned around and looked at him with such a hurt expression that Dean wanted to punch himself in the face.
Castiel gave a small grunt and looked away, but not before Dean caught something in his gaze. If he didn’t know any better, he would have thought it was jealousy.
Without warning, Gabriel stood up and walked over to where Castiel sat. He leaned down and pulled him into one of the tightest hugs they’d ever shared. Unsure of what else to do, Castiel simply hugged onto one of Gabriel’s arms.
He literally had the world’s most awesome date in front of him right now, and all he could think about what his friend. He couldn’t be more of a dick if he tried.
I'm so sorry y'all. Life is crazy, and I've had such bad writers block for literally the longest time. I hope this chapter holds up. Thanks for sticking up with my absolutely horrendous updating.
On Castiel’s first day of fourth grade, he was walking home with a black eye, some cuts on his arms, and two new friends at either shoulder. Dean still hadn’t come back. Castiel called Dean’s home phone. Dean’s father answered. Dean was busy. Castiel’s new friends watched as he sadly hung up the phone.
maybe being jealous about him being with someone else. The thought of Castiel maybe disliking the idea of Dean going on a date with someone that wasn’t him. The thought of Castiel maybe wanting something more than friendship with his childhood best friend.
The rest of the day passed without Dean so much as giving Castiel a passing glance, which he supposed he was thankful for. If they could just go on pretending the other didn’t exist like they’d done for these past eight years or however long it had been.
Castiel and Dean sat shoulder to shoulder on Dean’s bed. His mother was downstairs preparing a small Christmas eve dinner. They were busy taking turns with an online racing games, competing to see who could get the best score. Castiel grinned as he purposely made a glitch in the game into a shortcut, cutting his first time by at least 30 seconds.
Dean moved to wrestle the laptop out of Castiel’s hands, and instead ended up straddling the other underneath him. Castiel let the computer slip out of his hands and rest on the other side of the bed as the two stared at each other, cheeks ablaze in furious blushes.
“Let’s get those scones baking! They will be a nice sweet treat to help take off the burden of a tough day!”
handle this right now, at 7:30 in the morning. Against every muscle in his body screaming in protest, Castiel turned around and saw those green eyes staring back at him. He prayed that his voice wouldn’t betray him when he replied.
Charlie scooted closer, moving so her face was just inches away from Castiel’s, her eyes boring holes into his very being. “Just answer the question. Did you?”
For once in his life, Dean was finally within reach of his best friend. And his heart swelled with happiness and… something else that Dean couldn’t quite place.
The day ended, and Dean didn’t make any attempts at contact with Castiel. He figured that if Castiel was avoiding him like the plague, it was probably Hannah telling him that he had to. Though, he wouldn’t blame Castiel if it was of his own volition. He still wasn’t entirely sure how Castiel had forgiven him so readily for everything that had happened between them. How Castiel was so quick to jump to his aid when he needed to be taken care of, when Dean hadn’t even been bothered to do the same for Castiel when he needed them all those years.
The afternoon slowly crawled away from them as they played games together. It had been so long since Castiel had had quality time with Gabe like this and he missed it more than he wanted to admit. Gabe had always been so easy to talk to, and he always felt safe with him.
Dean closed his eyes and leaned back against the tree. It was so surreal to be here with Castiel again, all these years later. God he’d missed this. When things were getting rough between his parents, he wanted nothing more than to come back to this tree and sit next to Castiel. He’d always had such a comforting presence. It honestly rivaled his mother’s sometimes.
“No roughhousing in the house!” his mother warned, but it was too late. Sam jumped from the table and ran, with Dean hot on his trail. He caught Sam by his shirt and yanked him backwards into a headlock and gave him a forceful noogie.
“What pink are we talking here, Henson? Pastel? Hot?” she demanded, standing up and pulling Gabe up by his shirt collar. “Salmon? Coral?!”
He turned towards her and gave her a disapproving look. “You don’t have to lie to make me feel better, Jo. You deserve better than what I gave you.”
But that didn’t make him any less nervous. And his nerves absolutely skyrocketed when he was greeted by the ethereal goddess that was Jo Harvelle, ready to accompany him on the date he’d planned. He’d just planned a simple dinner followed by a walk through a nearby park. It was a quiet place in the middle of town, but not so secluded to the point where they’d feel unsafe walking through it as it got darker outside.
“What a fucking prick...” Gabe muttered, turning to look at Castiel. “Has he given you his full-of-shit excuse yet as to why he didn’t talk to you all that time?”
act you’ve been trying to pull while he and I have been together is so exhausting. You and I both know you’re just trying to get in his pants with all of this, so it is truly bold of you to think that you’re so much better than me. Especially after everything you’ve already done to hurt him for the past, what, eight years?” She smirked as she looked down to observe her nails, blowing on them nonchalantly. “Nothing that I’ve done is worse than all the hell
“Who’s got your heartstrings wrapped around their finger if it isn’t Jo? I’ll be honest, you two seemed perfect for each other. I was more than a little shocked when you told me things didn’t work out.”
“You don’t really think she’d do anything bad to him… in front of people, right?” Dean asked, his voice timid. Gabe shrugged.
“Oh, come on, Cas! You have to go. And Gabe and I already going as each other’s not-dates, so you have to at least
She brought a hand over her chest, the shock ebbing ever so slightly. “Well, honey, since you seem to enjoy the game so much… I’ll consider letting you play it as long as Dean is supervising you.”
He’d almost forgotten the heavy weight of his blatant crush on his best friend pulling down on his shoulders. Until the winter holiday, when Castiel had come over for dinner with his family.
Over the next few weeks, Dean and Castiel spent more and more time together. They would break off from Charlie and Gabe to have lunch by themselves, laughing together and working on schoolwork together. They also took turns hanging out at each other’s houses, and Dean had never felt so warm and content with his life.
as always, thank you so much for reading! please leave comments with your thoughts because those are so so helpful in how I go forward with stories
of catching up with Dean’s mom, so they knew all about what had gone down between Dean’s parents. Thankfully, though, all Castiel’s parents had to say on the matter was how much they loved Dean, and they were glad that he, his brother, and his mom were back in the neighborhood after being away for so long.
“Gabe? Please make sure Cas is okay. I’m so worried about him… and keep me posted? I know it’s best for him if I don’t talk to him right now…”
Before they knew it, the night of Prom was among them. Dean had arrived at Jo’s house just after 6, and he was feeling absolutely ecstatic. He was let inside by Jo’s mother, Ellen, and he waited at the foot of the stairs, mindlessly fiddling with his suit sleeves. When Jo appeared at the top of the stairs and started walking down, Dean’s jaw physically dropped.
“It’s okay to be confused. And, honey, it’s okay to still love your father. He’ll always be you father and you are entitled to your feelings towards him, no matter what they are. I’ll never think differently of you for them.”
Castiel and Charlie walked down the hall towards their first class of the day. Their attention was grabbed by some members of the student council pinning up posters advertising the winter formal coming up in a few weeks. Tickets were supposedly going on sale later this week.
Castiel gave a small smile. He forgot how nice it was to be Dean’s friend. “You never know if you don’t ask, right?”
He squinted at the notifications on the screen. There was a missed text from Charlie, and… a text had just come in from Castiel.
“Oh my God!” Hannah cried, sending a jolt through Gabe where he stood. She threw herself into Castiel’s arms, sobbing hysterically. “I can’t believe the two of you would make a fake recording of me and play it in front of the whole school! I’m so hurt… I thought you guys liked me!”
Without even turning to look back at Hannah, who no doubt had a satisfied smirk across her features, Dean let himself get dragged away from the scene by Gabe. They walked together in an uncomfortable silence towards the school entrance. Before either of them got out, he stopped and grabbed Gabe by the shirt sleeve, stopping him in his tracks.
Hannah narrowed her eyes, but she said nothing else as she turned and stalked away from them. Once they were out of earshot, Gabe pulled his phone out of his pocket and pressed the ‘stop’ button on his phone’s voice memo. He smirked at Dean, who now had a stupid grin across his face.
“Your eyes are so… pretty,” he whispered, almost as though Castiel weren’t meant to hear it. Castiel’s cheeks burned with a blush… was he embarrassed? He wasn’t sure if the butterfly feeling in his stomach was supposed to be there when he was feeling embarrassed. But before Castiel could say, or think, anything else, Dean captured his lips in a kiss. It wasn’t much, but it had Castiel’s heart threatening to beat out of his chest. He’d never… he’d never felt something like
Gabe said nothing. Dean nodded and sat down next to Castiel. He muttered a soft thanks. The table remained silent for several minutes. Eventually Charlie let out a frustrated groan.
two years before then. But he’s always been able to keep his feelings at bay for Castiel’s sake because of how much he cared about him. Charlie always thought that something would come of them eventually, but… now that Dean was back she wasn’t so sure. Castiel had never outright said that he had romantic feelings for Dean, but, she was sure there was some longing there that were stronger than a platonic relationship.
Dean sucked in a breath. What did he want to say? What did he want Cas to know? He wanted him to know everything… he was his best friend after all.
Eventually, Castiel’s mother came up and knocked softly on his door. She pushed it open a crack to see Gabe and Castiel laying on the bed, laughing together. She smiled softly; it had been a long time since she’d seen such a genuine smile on her son’s face.
He let out a deep sigh and turned and crept into the crowd, walking in the direction Gabe had stormed off, trying not to let the deep punch of disappointment get to him.
Without answering, Dean closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He moved so Castiel was positioned directly in front of him, grabbing his hands from his shoulders so he could hold them. They were soft and warm, and so perfectly Castiel. He leaned in ever so slightly, and finally opened his eyes. Castiel’s eyes were still concerned, but they’d softened a little, his grip tightening around Dean’s hands.
He gave a brisk nod; Dean had no doubt that she was deadly serious. But, he didn’t let the fear overcome him. Instead, he pulled Charlie into a big hug as soon as she released her grip on him. He whispered a soft ‘thank you’ before walking away, leaving a completely dumbfounded Charlie behind him.
“He’s just nervous, she should cut him some slack,” Dean snapped back, still eyeing the pair of them as Hannah continued dragging Castiel away from them.
“You’re right.” He pulled himself back into his present and looked Jo in the eyes, smiling. He reached over and grabbed her hands into his own, giving them gentle squeezes. “I’ll start focusing more on the things in front of me. I promise.”
He lost himself in the lecture and paid no mind to the worried side glances that Dean kept shooting him from across the room.
Jo shook her head and held out her own phone, with a text to her mother saying there was drama at the dance, she and Dean were fine, and she was going to be home late. “Already taken care of,” she said sweetly, smirking.
It’s darker inside, but smells so much like a roadhouse that Dean smiles despite himself. The scent of comfort food and old beer is universal, it seems, and the very familiarity of it helps him to straighten and say “Anyone here?” with more confidence than he feels.
“Bonjour,” Balthazar says in that stuffy accent of his. “I'm here to steal Cassie from your tender ministrations."
It’s easy enough to carefully lift that drawstring waistband over Cas’s swollen cock, to push the fabric down until Cas kicks his legs free of it. Then they’re stretched next to each other on the cheap sheets, skin to skin and hearts pounding in wild counter rhythm to each other, and Dean’s never been more exhilarated in his entire damn life.
It takes a second but Sam tilts his chin up. His face is pale and dirty, but he’s alive, fuck he’s alive. “Pretty sure shooting God’s a one time event, jerk.” he says with a faint smile. Dean lets out a sharp bark of laughter, surprised at the sass despite himself.
The journey continues with no major incident despite these oddities. Sometimes they talk. Sometimes Dean hums snatches of remembered rock songs. Cas occasionally recites poetry that Dean is convinced he wrote himself. It’s beautiful and melancholic, a lonely traveler’s ode to a dream he can’t quite reach. Dean listens, but doesn’t ask the questions teaming in his mind. He knows he wouldn’t know what to do with the answers.
“This isn’t a Dungeons and Dragons game,” Cas scolds, but there’s no heart in it. “That isn’t even the right check,” he adds grumpily after seeing Dean’s amused smile.
He eventually finds Cas hunched over the firepit in their shitty patch of a backyard, pushing dirt and ash around with one boot-clad foot. To an outsider he might have seemed vaguely pensive, but Dean can tell he’s a mess of raw nerves and frustration.
Eventually the ground levels out. So far Dean hasn’t encountered a single obstacle, a single way to go other than forward, nor a single other creature. If not for the certainty that he’s beelining for Cas, he’d probably have turned around quite a while ago.
“Um. Personal space?” Dean says, jerking his chin at the hand still firmly planted on his body. It’s not that he doesn’t want it there. Every fiber in his body is screaming to say nothing; to let that touch continue as long as possible, in fact, because he likes it. They’re in public, however, and there are safety regulations. Crowley may not give a ton of fucks, but some nosy Karen with control issues could really cause trouble for them both.
October and November pass in a blur of classes, homework, and planning. The closer the actual wedding date gets, however, the more certain Dean is that he’s made a terrible mistake.
He’s ready to go, anyway, and maybe that’s a bigger factor than knowing it’s going to happen.  He never left the room where Cas died, not really, and as he eats his pie and watches the kids play, he knows now that he never will. If he somehow tricks fate and survives this hunt, he knows he’ll just find another opportunity, and another, and another, until he can finally let go. That’s just how it is, now, his new reality.
It’s a scar on his shoulder, runes on his ribs, grace and warmth, safety and trust. It’s a bond that Cas has only mentioned once, sarcastically, and Dean himself has only scoffed at. Right now, however, in the ethereal blue-light glow of a rising moon too large to be his own, Dean thinks he could believe that their ‘more profound bond’ might be real.
“Fallen angel,” Castiel corrects, dry as old toast, “and the Righteous Man.” The two of them are leaning so far forward they’re in danger of falling completely out of their chairs. His hands have a mind of their own, it seems. He wants them to stay safely in his lap, but instead they’re sliding up Dean’s arms, over his shoulders, and up his chest.
“Sorry man, not my style,” Dean says. He nuzzles against Cas’s shoulder, leaving a trail of kisses up his neck that burn hot in the cool room.
Cas lost his trench coat and blazer somewhere along the way, so Dean yanks that damnable dress shirt free and slides his hands beneath to explore a body he’s barely dared to dream about. It’s illogical, but he expects to find wings or feathers, some physical sign that Cas is not human. He finds only smooth muscle, but that’s perfectly fine; better, really, because a human body presents fewer reasons for Dean’s brain to argue with what’s happening.
“Who did John object to, Dean?” That seems safe enough. A circuitous route to his destination, to be sure, but if Dean withdraws now, Castiel thinks he might break for good. He can handle a little dancing about at first if it means the hunter doesn’t stop looking at him like that.
At that, she turned and waltzed back into the kitchen to finish preparing the food. Dean made his way towards the stairs, and motioned for Castiel to follow him. They made their way upstairs and Dean got his things together that he’d need to study.
Dean shook his head furiously, scattering any coherent thoughts that were left. He wasn’t sure how long he’d been out of it, but Castiel was looking at him, concerned.
It was almost midnight now, so it was a crapshoot as to whether or not he was still awake. But he responded anyway.
The end of the day rolled around. After Calculus, Castiel had not run into Dean again. He took his time at his locker in the hopes that he would walk by, but he still didn’t see him. Castiel sighed and closed the locker. He made his way towards the parking lot where Gabe was waiting by his car. He wondered where Dean could have run off to so quickly after their last class.
“Hey,” Dean started, putting his hands on Castiel’s shoulders. “None of this is your fault, okay? She… she manipulated and abused you, you didn’t ask for any of this.”
So of course Dean knew that Castiel was going to respond to him. Just not now. But he was probably expecting that too. It was a good thing that it was a Friday because Castiel didn’t feel like he slept at all.
“You don’t scare me, Hannah,” Dean said, unsure of where his sudden surge of confidence had come from. “I know you think you own this entire student body, but I’m not playing your games.”
“You know what. I’m sorry for… for all the things Hannah must have done to you, to keep you away from me. I was scared, but… I wasn’t clueless. I know she approached you on more than one occasion and did horrible things to you.”
“We can call off work if you aren’t feeling it. My dad will understand. You look like the last thing you need is to deal with people right now.”
Cas squints at him, head cocked to the side as he considers the request, then nods and puts his hand on Dean’s shoulder, giving him a comforting squeeze before letting his arm fall back to his side. He doesn’t have to say anything to show he understands. Of course he does; Cas always understands, and it’s one of the biggest items on a list of ‘things Cas does’ that Dean doesn’t know how to deal with.
Dean is prepping vegetables in the back room when he feels a hand on his shoulder. Touch is so rare these days that he nearly knocks a box of tomatoes off the counter; only quick reflexes save him from the nightmare of retrieving romas from every corner of the freaking universe. He’s ready to chew poor Alfie a new asshole when he turns, but pulls himself short at the sight of blue eyes and a shock of black hair over a “Got Weed?” t-shirt. There’s also a pair of positively sinful jeans, but Dean forcefully opts not to look at those too closely.
After a moment Cas clears his throat, though his eyes remain fixed on the table as he speaks. “It was very unusual, but it made logical sense for Dean to pretend I was his romantic partner on our last hunt. A couple on a roadtrip is less threatening than two single men after all, and we needed the trust of the locals to locate the nest. I found it difficult to play along.”
“You aren’t real. You aren’t really Cas,” Dean gasps, throwing himself in the opposite direction as fast as his too-thin body can manage when the apparition reaches for him.  “
Baby’s still in the drive and the air outside gives Naomi Krushnic’s frigid heart a run for its money, so Dean figures there’s a limited number of places his friend could go at this time in the morning. The yard is empty and Bobby’s house is dark, so he heads to the corner coffee shop. Cas isn’t in evidence among the few early morning patrons, so Dean braces himself for the long walk to the park.
There are zombies in his face and decaying hands pushing and clawing for purchase on his arms and legs. The stench of brimstone and rot is so strong he wants to vomit, and it’s only growing stronger with each new stroke of God’s wrath. There’s fire and smoke and dust in the air, stones exploding with hollow thumps like bombs, and the scrabble of groping fingers on dirt and flesh sounds like overgrown spiders in the night. There is no sun, but it’s hotter than Alastair’s rack, so hot his sweat dries as soon as it appears and his skin threatens to crack with every small movement.
Nope, nope, nopity-nope. They had been desperate. The entire fucking world was on the line… That hadn’t been about Dean or Cas at all, not really. It didn’t count. It couldn’t. Could it?
Bobby takes off with the paperwork shortly after and Dean leans in to press his lips against Cas’s. “I love you, too,” he murmurs.
“Muller said some children need Zanna longer than others,” Cas muses in response. “How old were you when she left?”
Dean releases his arm and straightens until they can face each other at a more comfortable angle. Then he just looks. Really
“Much,” Cas says. “Thank you.” He looks at the towel, looks at the food, then half-jogs to the bathroom (presumably to hang the offending bit of fabric up) before collapsing in the chair opposite Dean.
Dean surges up and over until he’s lying on top of Cas, his forearms framing Cas’s face. “Don’t,” he says, leaning down to press his lips against Cas’s forehead, a brief flutter of care and promise. “Don’t leave.” Cas doesn’t move, so Dean pulls away far enough to meet his eyes. They’re blue, blue, so fucking blue. He can’t bear the thought of losing those, too.
Dean’s awake, he’s fairly sure, but the warmth and spicy scent of ‘hot dude’ that he’d been drowning in in his dreams is still filling his nose. He squirms a little to relieve the weight across his shoulders, then freezes when he realizes his face is nestled against Cas’s chest.  Cas’s other arm is slung over his body (
“Balthazar and I fought,” Cas says, his dull tone at odds with the tense breadth of his shoulders. “He says I can have him, or I can have my job, but not both. He tried to frame it as concern for his health, but I believe he feels I spend too much time here.”
Cas examines their surroundings curiously, his head and eyes moving minutely to follow every sound he hears. “We don’t appear to be on Earth,” he says eventually. He leans over to peer at the moss on the tree nearest him, running his fingers through it, then raising them to his nose to sniff. “I can hear voices on angel radio, but I assume they cannot hear me without my grace. Their voices and names are strange...in human terms, it would be like tuning into a station from another country. The molecular structure of this vegetation is unlike any I have seen before, as well.”
He passed this field the day before and he sure as fuck knows there wasn’t anything in it but plants. Today, however, there’s another geode in the center of the field. This one’s smaller, the cut-away “entry” barely large enough for two humans to walk abreast, and the crystals inside are deep green, blue, and brown.
They’re nothing like he expected. The fairies in the real world are tiny and annoying; these creatures are tall and slender, and seem to melt around the edges like they don’t quite belong in the world they’re trying to occupy. They have beautiful faces and very long fingers, but he can’t tell if they’re male or female, old or young, or if they have features to distinguish one from another.
“Yeah, well. She tried to push me around about- about some things she thought she knew about me.  And then she talked shit about Dad. I was seventeen anyway, I should have—” Dean freezes as his mind catches up with his mouth. “
It’s a bit of a task to get out of the room without colliding with the fey, but they eventually dash out, up the crystal corridor and out through the geode entry. The sky above is velvet dark broken only by the pinpricks of stars and the rising moon. Dean grins up at it and takes a deep breath.
to, or you’re going to die.” He sounds desperate, like Dean’s actually going to keel over in his own living room at the age of forty two.
When he comes back to himself, he’s on his knees in front of Cas and the fey have formed a circle around them, a vibrating ring of light that reminds him a little of Cas’s grace before—before everything.
, isn’t it? It is Cas, and it’s Cas making content noises every time their tongues touch, and it’s Cas’s hands on his ass grinding their hips together, and it’s Cas’s back his fingernails are raking down, desperate for purchase as fantasy and reality twist together.
He’s confused and hopeless and hurting, so much so that Cas gives into impulse and reaches for him, his fingers brushing over Dean’s face with a familiarity he hasn’t allowed himself to express since before Mary’s death. It’s a risk, of course; if he judges Dean’s mood incorrectly, this could end very poorly indeed.
Muller spreads her hands in a universal sign of coy innocence. “What happens with a Zanna, stays with a Zanna,” she says. Then she pauses, her gaze going slightly off-focus for a breath or two. “Speaking of, Derek needs me. Dean...you gonna be okay?”
Smiling, Anya pushes herself up on her knees to yank Castiel’s sundae toward her. “You promised!” she crows, her frightening memory forgotten as she plucks the cherry from the top. Castiel smiles and settles back, resigning himself to at least another half hour of not-looking at Dean Winchester.
She trails off, dabbing her eyes with a crumpled Kleenex that looks far from sanitary. Sam starts fishing for a handkerchief, but it’s Castiel who offers Violet a clean tissue from the well-used box on the table. She takes it with a brief nod.
There’s an entire drum section going at it in Dean’s chest and all the blood in his body has definitely convened an emergency council in his dick. It’s extremely tempting to just lay back and enjoy the dream come true. However, when Cas starts rocking against him, making sounds Dean’s pretty sure will haunt him for the rest of his life, he realizes he needs to do something or this is going to get really awkward, really fast.
“Yeah, really. It was.a stupid argument to begin with.” Dean reaches up to scratch at his jaw and the movement displaces his coat. Sam only sees the skin beneath for a moment, but that’s all he needs; the mottled marks skirting the base and sides of his brother’s throat tell their own tales.
,” he spits at the sky. For all he knows Chuck is standing right next to him, but it seems appropriate, somehow, to direct his anger at the black void above. At least this time he
The two crash together like competing storms, disregarding glass and debris, furniture and unwilling witnesses as their mouths and bodies meet for the first time. It’s uncoordinated and messy; if Sam were more vindictive, he’d be taking video for blackmail later because he's never seen Dean so completely off his game.
Cas cries out and throws his head back at the first touch, then falls into a gasping, moaning garble that Dean can only understand a little of. Most of it is his name and some variant of
Days pass. Every evening when it starts to get dark, he and Cas pause to find or build a shelter. Every night, they take turns sleeping while the other watches for danger. Every morning they nibble on a biscuit, drink a little of the stream’s clear water, and scrub the dirt off their faces. Then they’re off again.
Even through layers of fabric both thick and thin, there’s a palpable shock when Cas’s palm connects with Dean’s shoulder. He thinks every light in the room surges brighter for half a breath, before sputtering back to normal luminescence, but it could as easily be the drugs playing tricks on him.
Sam straightens himself out and knocks. Dean allows him to take charge without complaint, focusing instead on peering around the grounds on the off-chance there’s some shrunken heads between the potted plants or extra body parts behind the bushes.
in some inexplicable way. They’re almost cuddling, Dean thinks, and that thought feels too good to be real.
Satisfied, Dean pulls himself back up and grins. He knows his lips are pink and swollen and there’s spit down his chin, and does nothing to hide it.
The world fades in on itself from there, dream and reality and imagination fading together in an endless loop. The storm rages on and on through decades then back to minutes, only to stretch into centuries once more. Lightning flashes and thunder growls, the clouds pile up, then fade away, only to pile up again.
The real world is much colder than the dream Dean had concocted inside his head. It’s particularly so because unlike the last time he’d found himself in a djinn funhouse and had to contrive a way home, this time pretend-Cas had helped him get there (once he understood how Dean had
objections to the idea, but Cas just grumbles sleepily and noses at Dean’s temple. His hips swivel a little as well, and the long, hard length of his erection against Dean’s inner thigh is immediately and utterly unignorable.
The car hasn’t even hit a complete stop before Castiel pops out, swinging the door shut behind him so hard that Sam yelps blasphemy through the open window. The angel pays him no mind as he jams his key card in the slot and pushes into their room. He needs space, he needs to think, he needs—
Castiel’s frown deepens as he scrolls back to the top for a third read-through. “Their hearts just stopped?”
She’s smiling up at Dean, and Dean’s grinning like the dumbass human he’s always been, and something odd is happening in Castiel’s vessel’s rib cage that he just doesn’t have time for.  He clears his throat to draw Sam’s attention, leaning sideways to whisper to him, “Ever come across that before?”
With that, she turned and sauntered away, leaving Castiel flushed out of embarrassment. He turned and walked towards his class as quickly as he could. Just one more meeting before he went home from school and he’d be free of her for the day. Physically, anyway. He’d have to text her as much as usual though, or she’d get mad.
Before things could get any more heated, Dean walked forward and placed an outstretched arm in front of Gabe. “If you won’t believe him, Charlie, will you believe me?”
Dean nodded his head, not able to shrug the disappointment. Spending time with his brother always helped him feel better when he was having a rough day. They’d become practically inseparable ever since their parents’ marriage had started going south. It was much better now that it was just their mom, but he still missed Sammy’s company when he was gone.
Dean shoved Castiel out of his seat as he celebrated his [slim] victory, and then the two of them were called down for dinner.
Castiel huffed, falling back onto Charlie’s bed. “I don’t know, Charlie! I just… I’m straight! Aren’t I? That’s like… the default? How would I even know that I’m not?”
That did nothing to ease the worry across Castiel’s face, but he didn’t push it further. “Do what makes you comfortable, dude. But just so you know… you can tell me anything, Dean. I’ll never think ill of you.”
“Listen, Cas, I know sneaking off to make out with your girlfriend is fun and all, but I’m not gonna throw away your lunch tray for you every day.”
Gabe gave Dean a toothy grin before he waltzed over towards Hannah. “What was that you were saying about you weren’t going to let
“I wish I didn’t, Cas,” Dean replied, turning his gaze further away. “But this promotion is really important to my dad, and to my family. But California isn’t too far away from here.”
Dean shot her a stupid grin. “I never pictured you being the classically trained type of musician. That’s super cute.”
“Sounds like a great fucking plan,” Castiel said. With that, they drove out of the parking lot and towards the bakery. Meanwhile, Dean had caught up with Charlie. As excited as Charlie was earlier was how intimidating she was now, staring Dean down after he’d asked her a question.
Dean stayed silent. She sat down next to him and rested a gentle hand on his knee. “And… you didn’t ruin my night Dean.”
The next 50 minutes were an absolute hell. Castiel tried his best to not shoot Dean any side glances, but he knew he did at least twice. And both times they made eye contact, and both times Castiel blushed. At the end of the period, Castiel stayed in his seat, waiting for Dean to leave the room so he didn’t have to confront him.
Gabe laughed. “Well then, I can at least get my parents to make a new ‘no Winchesters allowed’ rule for the bakery.”
Castiel’s eyes went wide. What was going on? Hannah was always so sweet and charming, where the hell did this come from? What happened to the sweet girl with bright eyes who was blushing over him asking her to the dance just this morning?
“Listen, Gabe. I know how you feel about me. I’m a piece of shit, and I know that I’m not going to change your mind, but…”
Charlie sighed. “You’re right, Cassie. As always.” The last few students scrambled in and sat in their seats as the bell rang. The teacher stood up and made her way to the front of the class.
Castiel feigned offense, lightly gasping and placing a hand over his chest. “I am plenty responsible, Winchester. I don’t cram for midterms, unlike some of the people present here today.”
“Fine, fine. Jesus. He had, like, dirty blond hair, and green eyes, and from what I remember he had a lot of freckles. Now you answer my question: why?”
“I’m really sorry, Cassie. I’m sorry I couldn’t see how much she was hurting you. I just wanted you to be happy, and I thought Hannah was the person who could give you that.” The apologetic smile on her face was immediately wiped away by an onslaught of tears. “I couldn’t have been any more wrong if I tried.”
It was the first day of Castiel’s sophomore year of high school. Life was going pretty smoothly at this point. He wasn’t dating anyone, but that was really the way he liked it. He was doing very well in all of his classes, and he had good friends. Charlie and Gabe were really great; he’d met Charlie and Gabriel in fourth grade, and they had been good friends ever since.
Jo smiled. “Yeah, Novak’s a real sweetheart for sure. But, you seem like a really nice guy too, Dean. I’m sure he wouldn’t forgive you if he wasn’t sure that you were worth forgiving.”
Charlie thought it was the ‘most adorable thing’ she’d ever seen, and that frustrated the hell out of Gabe and Dean. They both bristled with unease as they watched them interacting; how could Charlie not see it? Castiel always looked like he was quaking. He looked like he was unsure if he was going to make it to his next classes alive or not, and there was no way in hell that that was a good sign.
“There’s this new kid in my Media Tech class. His name is Dean, and he looks just like that! Do you think it’s him?”
. Castiel followed his gaze and landed on a pretty girl with bright blonde hair. She was sitting a few tables away with a group of her friends.
They spend the next few hours bouncing story synopses and sentence components back and forth. Eventually, Castiel’s mother knocked on the door, letting Dean know that his mom was fine with him having dinner with the Novaks that evening as long as he was home by 9.
When they arrived at Dean’s house, Castiel and his father bid him a goodnight before he hopped out of the car. He waved sheepishly at the two of them until they were out of sight before turning to walk to his house. He was greeted by a crash in the kitchen, followed by a frustrated groan from Sam.
. You’re it for me, man. You have been for years. I’m just an idiot, okay? A dumbass who couldn’t use my words when I should have, and got you hurt because of it. I love you though. God, I love you.” He’s babbling, he realizes vaguely.
There are children screaming, balloons floating around, and the smell of pie is everywhere. As far as Dean from ten years ago is concerned, this place is heaven on earth, but all Dean from the present day can think of is how alone he feels.
Cas grins, a flash of white in the gloom, and cups his entire hand around Dean’s junk, pushing in and up, squeezing gently in some rhythm only he knows. His eyes never leave Dean’s face.
Sam shakes his head, drumming thumb and pinky against the table as if trying to shake memories loose with the sound. “I mean… there was a cursed scarecrow once, but not a man who had a head like one.”
It’s a fifteen minute trip and he’s nearly there before he realizes he could have driven, or at least had hot coffee the whole time if he’d put two brain cells together in the cafe. Thank
It isn’t until they’re closing up that Dean starts to suspect something is wrong. Cas is a lot quieter than he usually is, and he’s uncommonly slow about getting his things from the back once they’re done cleaning. Everything about him screams “I don’t want to leave,” actually, which is ridiculous because Dean knows better than anyone that Cas hates Pizza Inferno with every fiber of his being.
Cas’s hand creeps up to rest on top of Dean’s. An electric shock travels up Dean’s arm at the touch and his breath hitches. Their faces are inches apart now and sure, they’ve been this close before, but not in a long time. This feels different...more volatile. That ball of gold light inside of Dean’s chest is purring like Baby after a tune up and he’s not sure what to do next.
“I know I’m a liability now,” Cas is saying when Dean checks back into the present. “I will find a place to live soon so I’m not putting you in danger. I can—”
“Sweetheart, we have to go to work,” Dean says, between placing careful kisses along each of Cas’s grumpy frown lines. Cas grumbles, so Dean tries a different approach. “I have a moka pot; next best thing to professional espresso, you gotta try it.”
They stay like that, hovering on the brink of some cataclysmic change that leaves Dean’s heart hammering with hope and his breath baited in terror, for what feels like an eternity. It’s Cas who pulls away first, his touch gentle and his eyes kind as he extracts himself from Dean’s grip. There’s uncertainty thrumming in Dean’s chest, however, and bittersweet pain, and somehow Dean knows they aren’t his own.
. Cas deserves the fucking world, and instead he has Dean Winchester. It’s a shite exchange, but Dean starts to realize he doesn’t get a say in the matter.
Cas leans against the pull at first. If Dean wants to be close again then they need to talk; they need to discuss the hurt and pain that kept them apart when they should have been closest. They need—
Dean makes his way to the bigger building regardless. There’s a wooden sign hanging above the door, with a cracked and pitted painting of what he thinks is a bull and a field of flowers. He glances from side to side, but the only figures he can see are far in the distance across the field. Taking a breath, he pulls the door open by the leather strap nailed to one side and steps in.
,” Dean cries, the thought suddenly catapulting him to orgasm. His body bows over Cas from the force of it, clinging for balance as he fucking explodes.
“I...yes,” Cas says something in Russian too garbled for Dean to follow, then grumbles and puts the bottle aside. “We should talk about this tomorrow.” His hand squeezes Dean’s, however, and his shoulders visibly relax. A few minutes later, gentle fingers in Dean’s hair carry him into dreamless slumber.
This dream’s all I got left of you, Cas. It’s all I can ever have. I can’t—I can’t—” he buries his face in Cas’s lap. “I can’t lose you again.”
with him, sans grace, and never said a word, but shit. It’s not like he’d thrown up the prayer flare the second Sammy went Dark Side, right? People do stupid shit when they’re hurt. Always have, always will.
Castiel takes the lead, pointedly ignoring the curious glances directed at them. He’s grateful when he can slide into Baby and slump against the back seat. He’s not tired—he can’t
It’s there when Cas dresses like Superman for Charlie’s Halloween party and pretends to rescue rockstar Dean from a Loki-fied Gabriel. It’s all Dean can do to keep his hands to himself when they get home that night, but Cas just strips down and goes to bed like nothing happened.
Dean nearly drops a china figurine he doesn’t remember picking up. By the time he’s put it back in its place on the sideboard he’s dragged himself out of the dream he doesn’t want to remember, away from the past he wishes he could live again, and back to the present where Cas is still talking.
I dragged you out of the Empty. You think I’m going to let a bunch of fucking faeries kidnap you without taking you back?”
Cas chose to go without the trench coat tonight, Dean realizes. He changed his entire get up, actually, not that that’s terribly unusual these days. Tonight he set suit and tie aside for a soft cotton shirt and wide-bottomed pants that Dean’s never seen before but immediately likes. Cas is more vulnerable this way, more human. More...touchable, and that might be a problem, really, because God. fucking.
Dean’s mind goes on a little detour through the dark promise of that simple statement. Him bent over Baby’s hood with Cas behind him, both bathed in moonlight. Him pushing Cas onto a bed in some abandoned house before they’ve even had a chance to wipe the Crote crud off. Cas’s hand over his mouth in the panic room because if he makes a sound, Bobby will kick both their asses straight through the Apocalypse and into the next century. More, an endless stream of scenes and thoughts. They’re utterly filthy, all of them, the deepest depths of his dirtiest fantasies, yet suddenly they no longer seem so impossible.
Dean’s grip tightens enough to leave bruises on any human. “That ain’t what I’m talking about,” he mumbles, “not at all, man. I told Muller to hit the road because she told me what I was feeling was okay. She said—she said I could like who I liked; it didn’t matter what Dad thought, she said. I was still me and I was still a good person.”
They kiss until Sam clears his throat. Then they break apart briefly only to lock lips for another quick embrace before finally turning to face their companions.
“Whoa there,” Dean pants finally, eyes wide. Cas flips the blade back up his sleeve without a word, then sinks to his knees next to Jack. He takes the boy’s hands in his own and Dean swallows against a painful lump in his throat as he looks away.
Dean never had much faith in God even before he met the guy, so for a split second after Chuck’s declaration, he thinks he’ll be okay. He’s handled angels, demons, the Devil, Death, the Mark of Cain, the Darkness. He’s traveled to other universes and fridged an archangel in his own mind for weeks. If Chuck wants to add himself to the list of Completely Ridiculous Crap Dean Winchester Has Dealt With, then Dean can handle it.
For some reason, that thought rouses Dean. He scowls and kicks a zombie away, catches another upside the head, snaps another's frail arm with a twist of his hand, then sends it flying back against its fellows. “You sick, sadistic son of a
Dean doesn’t say anything about it, but Cas doesn’t expect him to. Dean is rarely one for words in such situations, but his body speaks volumes enough for an angel to read. He carries less tension in his frame when they leave the garage than he did before they entered it, and that’s all Cas needs.
From the outside Dean is the embodiment of frustrated rage, shoulders rolled back and feet planted as if he’s expecting a physical fight. At first he meets Castiel glare for glare, but then his eyes flick downward and his tongue slips out to wet his lips. They’re ten years younger and Dean’s telling him about personal space. Eight years younger and he’s watching Dean defend him in blind faith, even as his head insists there’s something wrong. Seven years younger and—
Dean looks up reluctantly, only to find himself staring into Cas’s blue eyes, bare inches from his own. They’re normal eyes, he reminds himself, the last remnant of a perfectly human man named Jimmy Novak. They’re not really windows into any kind of alternate dimension and never have been, yet he’s sure he can see the barest hint of what must be Cas’s true form lurking in their depths.
He tried to shove down the feelings he had into the pit of his stomach. If he didn’t know any better he’d think that he was feeling jealous over the fact that Dean was interested in asking out Jo Harvelle. One, Castiel was straight, so he wasn’t even romantically interested in Dean. Two, Castiel also had a date to the dance, so why shouldn’t Dean have one too?
His heart… fluttered… what did he want to say that he didn’t finish? Was it just a typo or was he going to say something else?
Dean narrowed his eyes and curled his hands into fists so tight that his nails dug into the palms of his hand. He practically growled the next words.
Gabe rolled his eyes. “Ain’t you ever heard of getting let out early?” he asked, clearly not as afraid of her as Dean was at this point.
The two silently resume their game, but Castiel could tell Dean wasn’t feeling well after their conversation. Even as they laugh through dinner with his mom and his brother, he can see the heartbreak in his eyes whenever they meet his own. It breaks Castiel’s heart. Dean was heartbroken and he felt as though there was nothing he could do to fix it, considering his failure to reciprocate those feelings was the source of his pain.
“Present,” he said, with a deep husky voice. This time it was Castiel who turned to look at him, and he was met with those emerald-green eyes. Castiel blushed and turned away again. He felt Charlie wiggle next to him, and he knew she’d seen what just happened.
“You haven’t gotten away with anything yet, hun. I know that you’re hurting him, and I’m going to protect him from scum like you. You don’t deserve to call someone like Castiel Novak your boyfriend. Or your anything, for that matter.”
Between college and feeling not super great about my writing skills, its taken a lot to keep this story going. But I love it so much and want to see it through, so I promise that no matter what, this story will be seen through to the end!
Her face stayed neutral, unimpressed. Dean hated how confident she looked. Just one wrong move and her reputation was gone down the drain; how could she always be so damn sure of herself?
Concerned whispers were spreading around the cafeteria like wild fire. People were glancing between where Gabe and Dean stood, and where Hannah sat at her table. They all looked as though they weren’t sure what they were supposed to believe.
Jo giggled and shook her head. “You danced to the stupid pop music I like with me, you let me pick the music in the car, you’ve been such a gentleman these past few weeks… I really couldn’t have asked for a better prom date, Dean.”
With that, Hannah shoved Castiel away from her, sending him stumbling backwards, catching himself on a trash can. She eyed him with a satisfied smirk before she turned and stalked off, leaving Castiel behind, tears streaming down his face and rubbing his cheek.
Castiel supposed he’s never really put much actual thought into these sorts of things. He was always more focused on his grades because, well, he had a really amazing older brother with impossible footsteps to fill. Hannah was his first real relationship, and that had turned out to be a nightmare. Sure, he’d thought she was super pretty for forever, and he thought he wanted to date her. But he’d never imagined going any further than holding hands or kissing. And now, of course, he felt nauseous at the idea of even being in the same room as her.
“Dean? Are you okay? You can’t talk crap about yourself and zone out on me like that, you scared me.”
As if through prayer, the conversation changed with the music. Jo tugged on Dean’s sleeve excitedly, and Dean was met with her beaming smile. It was hard to not feel relaxed in her presence. “Oh, Dean, I love this song! Can we go dance! Please?”
“I didn’t want to hurt you… I, I don’t know what to say. I know I can’t make this up to you, but please… at least let me drive you home? I don’t want you to get hurt because I’m an idiot.”
Gabe froze as he saw Castiel and Dean walking a few paces ahead of them. His fists clenched and loosened a few times before he kept walking, Charlie giving him a worried glance.
Dean scrambled off of him and moved to sit in the other corner of the bed, coughing out a quick apology. Castiel slowly pushed himself up into a sitting position. “No worries,” Castiel said dumbly, before the room fell into a semi-awkward silence. Castiel’s eyes were focused on the computer next to him, tilted haphazardly near the edge of the bed. Dean’s face was still flushed, as he watched Castiel across the bed from him.
She turned, grabbing Dean by the collar and yanking his face dangerously towards her own. “I know how interested you are in my
Gabe turned around to look at Castiel sitting at the table. His guard fell immediately; Dean was right. He looked positively miserable. Gabe growled as he turned back to face Dean.
With that, the two of them left Jo’s house and headed for Dean’s car. He’d taken her to the car wash earlier that day to get her cleaned up for the occasion.
He turned back to Hannah and took another step towards her. “I knew you were doing this shit to him! I knew it that first day you dragged him away. What, you have such a poisonous personality that the only way you can get people to like you is by treating them like shit? What the hell is
He looked up and mustered the fakest smile he ever had in his damn life as Castiel waved at him. He was beaming; he must have been as excited as Dean was to hang out with him again.
“I have an image to maintain, and dating you is no doubt going to enhance my status. I can’t have you fooling around with anyone else while you’re with me and screwing up my reputation. Got it?”
Castiel flopped into his car and took in deep breaths. He hated everything about what he’d just done. But Hannah was downright terrifying, and he had no idea how he was going to get himself out of this.
And she could see just how much Dean loved Castiel. He looked at him like he was the light at the end of a darkness that felt like it had lasted an eternity. When Castiel granted him the ability to reach out to Cas, she saw the hope in his eyes; the passion, the desire. The possibility that things could go back to the way they were before they’d been separated. She wanted nothing more than both of her closest friends to be happy, but it looked like Castiel’s happiness was going to come at the expense of Gabe’s. And she had no idea what to do.
Before Cas knew it, he had started crying. He always hated how emotional he was. His mom always told him it was good that he didn’t feel pressured into the patriarchal standards of emotionlessness that was expected of boys. But he still hated how he cried at damn near anything.
“I don’t want to go into the second grade without you, Dean. If I get bullied, you won’t be there to protect me anymore...”
“Well, I’ll tell you what Dean,” Castiel’s father started, beaming. “I haven’t seen Castiel so happy as he was when he found out you were back in town.”
The first few games resulted in the both of them losing to NPCs, because for all their smack talk, neither of them had played the game in months at least.
The next few weeks passed without incident. As far as Castiel could tell, Gabe was finally starting to warm up to Dean. At the very least, Gabe was resigning to playing nice. Charlie had long since warmed up to him, but Castiel could still see the glint in her eye. She was ready to pounce the minute he screwed up again. For Dean’s sake, Castiel prayed that he wouldn’t. And… for his sake too, he supposed. He was already starting to get more attached to Dean Winchester again than he ever thought he’d be. As much as he didn’t want it to be, it was an incredibly dangerous game he was playing.
He waltzed into the kitchen to find Sam holding a dustpan while Dean’s mom swept up broken pieces of a plate.
“Y-yeah,” Dean stuttered. “We talked a little over the weekend, and I think everything’s good now.” He shook his head, shaking out his hair, willing for the subject to change.
He opened up his phone and scrolled through their messages. He’d never responded to Castiel’s last text.
“Cas,” he muttered. The desperation in Castiel’s voice broke him. But before Dean could say anything else, Castiel pushed past him and ran for the parking lot. Hannah watched this unfold from further in the crowd of students leaving the school. She smirked.
“Why are you so obsessed with me dating someone? If you just want me to bring someone, I could just bring Dean as my not-date.” Castiel insisted. He really didn’t want to go to this dance at all. But he felt like between Gabe and Charlie, he wasn’t going to have a choice.
She let the note fall from her hands and glared at the both of them again. “If you think you’re going to keep me from Castiel Novak, you have another thing coming. I
Castiel nodded. “Yeah, I’ve told them. They seemed almost happier than I was,” he said with a chuckle.
After a few more seconds, Castiel started planning his elaborate rescue mission, but before he had to do anything Dean had finally joined him upstairs.
He walked into the kitchen to find his mom… and the rest of the kitchen splattered in various baking ingredients.
I love how this chapter centers on Dean's struggles and his home life. Also, I rly rly hate Hannah :)))
Why… why did Dean keep looking at him like that? With such curious, and at the same time such sad eyes. If the dick actually felt sorry, then why the hell did he never reach out? Never even sent a god damn text.
Dean took a deep, shaky breath and shook his head. Suddenly his resolve came crashing down again, but he knew that he could lose his composure in front of his mother. He was safe at home now. “It was rough today, mom. Cas still won’t talk to me, and his girlfriend, like… hates me. She…” he hiccoughed as the tears started flowing, heavier now. “She cornered me today and started talking to me about how dad left, and I don’t even know how she
Gabe shrugged. “Yeah, I guess so. I’m sorry… about how I acted earlier. If you’re happy with Hannah, then I’m happy for you.” Gabe shot him a small smile, but he quickly looked away. Castiel could tell that he wasn’t in the mood for talking; he supposed he was thankful for that, because that meant he was at a lower risk for bursting into tears if he had to talk about everything that had happened that day.
Eventually Castiel made it to the tree and flopped down in the grass next to Dean. The two of them sat in a comfortable silence for a few minutes. Castiel was the first to speak.
“You wanna say that again Charlie, I don’t think anyone heard you over in China,” Castiel snapped, rubbing his arm and looking towards the stranger.
so far. If he was lucky, English was the only class they had together. Other than that, they would never have to see each other. Castiel wouldn’t have to rip out all of the stitches from the wounds that were already taking goddamn forever to heal.
“Now, I normally don’t do this…” Dean started. “Since driver calls the shots on music, and passengers shut their cakeholes in my household, but…”
With that, Castiel closed his locker gently, and headed towards his class. It wasn’t until he made it there that he realized Dean didn’t have his number to text him in the first place. It was no matter. He was sure even if he did have it, he wouldn’t text him first. Didn’t seem to be his style. He sat down next to Charlie and tried to keep his mouth shut. He was worried if he opened it too much he would puke.
Dean took a shaky breath and let his head fall back against the wall, the phone resting in his hand. Silence. Silent tears fell down his face, staining his cheeks. “You really do deserve better than me, Jo. I’m really sorry about tonight. I wanted you to have a good time, and I ruined it by trying to jump into the middle of something I know I shouldn’t have… Will you let me make it up to you?”
Sure, Castiel was hot. A very attractive man. He was smart, friendly, he had a smile that lit up an entire room and his laughter set his heart aflame—
Later that night, once Castiel is back home in his bed, he can’t help but toss and turn. He can’t stop thinking about the way that Dean’s lips felt on his own. How hard his heart beat in his chest. How even though he’s straight he… he didn’t want Dean to stop kissing him. How he wouldn’t have minded if Dean had kissed him again.
“Sorry, I couldn’t find the damn book I was looking for.” Castiel was getting concerned about how easily he was able to lie about his feelings. “Ready to go to work?”
With that, he shuffled back into his office and closed the door. Dean stood up and waltzed down the hall next to Gabe, neither of them saying a word.
Gabe… had developed significant feelings for Castiel over the years. But Castiel was always so focused on Dean that he was perfectly oblivious to that fact. At the end of eighth grade, Gabe had come out to them as bisexual. But he didn’t mention that he had had a major crush on Castiel since at
With one last (very tight) hug from his mother, Dean and Castiel left for the short trek to Castiel’s house. Dean tried to fight off the intense nerves.
He ran into the nearest bathroom and locked himself in a stall. He pulled out his phone and his hands hovered shakily over the keyboard, ready to text someone… anyone. What did he even say? My girlfriend slapped me? Most guys are into that sort of thing, aren’t they? He should be more okay with this… why did he feel so afraid of her all of a sudden?
But last night everything was so… different. The way Dean was blushing after he’d ended up on top of Castiel, the way his lips were so soft and felt so
When the blond noticed Charlie, he smiled at her. They must’ve gotten along well in Media Tech. When he turned and saw Castiel, his face twisted in shock, but he kept walking to sit in a seat diagonally in front of him. Castiel’s heart started pounding again.
Dean threw his hand up and gave Charlie a high five, smiling bigger than Castiel ever remembered seeing.
Cas grinned at him before running back downstairs. He was just in time for the door bell to ring. He ran to the door and threw it open to see Dean and his parents, holding a very tiny Sam in their hands. Castiel’s mom came to the door behind him and smiled.
give you Castiel’s number. But what right to you have to come in and screw him up even more when you’ve already inflicted enough damage on him, you know?”
friend, so you’re statistically more likely to be successful in your endeavors for a date,” Charlie stated matter-of-factly. “Also, I know for a fact that there are girls at this school that you’d like to ask, and you never will without me pushing you to do it. No cop outs, no Dean. A
