John's eyes squint a little and it's not difficult for Sherlock to discern that he is smiling under his mask. The patient on the dental chair looks from John to this untimed intruder.
Mrs. Hudson walks-in on them out of the blue one afternoon when they’ve been snogging each other senseless against the wall for an indeterminate amount of time. Nothing unusual for her so she places the tray of freshly baked scones on the table and walks out with an uncontrollable glee.
But how is it that he is standing at the door of 221b and the man there just glances at him once and averts his gaze, as if it physically hurts to look into his eyes for more than a second. May be it does because the next moment, a lonely tear runs along his cheek down to his neck, leaving a wet trail behind. It is perplexing that he is the wounded one and that other man aches on his behalf.
'Oh no no no. That is gonna take about an hour and I am already desperate to get out of here. Besides, my shift is over. Mike will be here in a minute. Ask him to handle this.'
‘What the hell do you think you are doing?’ Sherlock asks in a furious manner, dumping all niceties aside. John is taken back for a second.
'Oh, I am sorry. But you do need to consult with a dentist as soon as possible Sherlock. And I think I might know just the right person.'
John, he hardly needs to be the only consulting detective in the world to draw the final conclusion.
Sherlock grabs his left arm in a strangulating grip which nearly knocks him out. He snuggles his arm over his chest and ducks down his head into his open palm.
. Each brush of lips blows life into the stilled man beneath him. He kisses his eyebrow, over his closed eyelid, across his bruised cheekbone, the side of his nose, his swollen lower…
Just one last time, he assures himself. Its been a whole week since he had his extraction done but for some reason, he cannot forget about that dentist. The worse part is that he remembers everything, down to the touch of his lips against his own.
'The bet sure in on.’ They both smile and as they clink their glasses together, a lanky figure exits the pub unnoticed, it’s dark coat flapping behind.
Quietly, the man gathers him into his arms and just like that, the dam he had been building around himself for years breaks open. He shatters all over again and his entire being gives up. But the man makes him lie down across himself and holds him close not to let a single piece fall away. Once he has broken down completely, that man picks each one of his pieces and mends it back with the touch of his fingers and the caress of his lips. He melts into this familiar warmth and after a long enough time, breathes. Instead of the rustic smell of blood and dust, it is a scent of all things beautiful. Like love and hope and laughter. John smiles. A long-wretched soldier has finally arrived
John nods, and if his insides just flipped over this bizzarely intimate gesture, he is going to blame it on post-chase adrenaline.
John finally huffs a breath of relief as the last patient walks out of the door. Three cases of restorations, one root canal and extraction of mandibular second premolars for orthodontic treatment. Overall, it had been a dull shift but he was more than eager to welcome the indulging scents of coffee and cinnamon for a change.
Sherlock almost runs outside into the waiting area and drops his head into his hands. That was not how the plan was supposed to execute. How on earth can
John kisses the words out of him yet again and for the first time, he didn’t even have to lift up on the tip of his toes.
” John, as the internet calls it. Ridiculous.’ He throws the shirt on the sofa and tries to walk away when a strong grasp on his wrist freezes him.
‘Sherlock Holmes and flirting? I think you’ve drunk way too much, mate.’ Lestrade puts down his glass and cackles over John’s remark.
‘Yes. Nothing to worry about.’ A male voice states from his other side. Sherlock looks up and finds the man smiling at him too. Although his smile is different from the woman. Her’s was professional while this seems more…personal. Sherlock reads the name tag again. Dr. John Watson.
'So Sherlock. What can I do for you?' His tone is laced with professionalism. Sherlock's heart sinks. Maybe John doesn't remember anything at all or maybe it was just a dream, he thinks.
. He raises his other hand and gently ruffles through Sherlock’s wild curls. Sherlock snuggles deeper into his palm. John rubs his thumb across his cheekbone in a soothing manner. Lost in the trance of this adorable man-child, he forgets that he needs to dial down the concentration of nitrous oxide. He keeps massaging Sherlock’s scalp until a minute later, the realization hits him.
He places the instruments on the operating table and pushes a stool forward to sit on it. The slight clattering of instruments compels the man to uncover his eyes and sit upright. John takes one peek at him and intuitively looks away. There is something different about this man. The whole aura around him smells of finesse and poise. Yet it’s the mysterious eyes that caught John’s attention. He picks up his file instead and skims through his medical history.
It is one of those nights where the tragic memories of his past prey at his peaceful nap. He can still feel the fragments of a grim nightmare lingering on the edges of his consciousness. Rubbing away the remains of sleep from his eyes, he raises with a great effort and strolls downstairs.
John is thrown off-kilter by this gentle act coming from the person standing in front of him whom the world declares as a psychopath. It’s such an unusual expression of love that his lips stretch into one of his widest grin as he steps closer to a clueless Sherlock.
'Oh and don't forget to follow your prescription.' He screams from a distance and then walks away to attend another patient.
'But Dr. Stamford is not available tonight. He called half an hour ago to inform that he has a family emergency so he won't be able to make it. And I wouldn't insist but-' She leans in closer and brings down her volume to a hushed tone. '-that man out there? He definitely needs a checkup. And after he's done here, I might even refer him to a mental health specialist. God. He is a menace. He has already brought two patients on the brink of tears and if you delay it anymore Dr. Watson, he's gonna turn this place upside-down.'
It’s more of a breathy exhale than a name, like he has finally come to life. John stops dead in his track. Somehow his other hand had reached up to hold Sherlock’s face from one side and now he is standing too close to him, his lips an inch away from Sherlock’s. The cold air released from Sherlock’s mouth rushes over his own when the realization hits him.
'You like it? I had to search seven different shops to find a christmas present for you. It’s bloody exhausting! But then I found these and thought that they’d compliment your extremely posh suits.’
The surgery takes about 25 minutes and finally after extracting a small piece of root, John places gauze against the wound on both sides. He increases the concentration of oxygen to reverse the effect of nitrous oxide.
John nods as if he totally understands this made-up problem. He picks up a sterilized mouth mirror from his operating table and asks Sherlock to open his mouth. He does as told. Although he worries that John might be able to hear his loud beating chest from this close proximity. John examines his oral cavity and is not entirely surprised to find everything normal.
The first visible sign of sedation is the overall relaxed demeanour of Sherlock followed by slowed responses, eventually followed by intermittent giggles. After two minutes, he breaks into a fit of full-blown hysteria. He picks up random instruments from the operating table and waves them in the air like a pirate's sword. John tries to calm him down but the attempt goes in vain. He suppresses his own urge to laugh because Dear God; he is witnessing the human version of a spotted hyena. No wonder they call it the ‘laughing gas’.
'Let’s get you back to bed, shall we?’ Sherlock whispers so close to his ear that he can feel the hot breath condensing on his skin.
When he was a child, he yearned to become strong, confident, indestructible; just like his favorite superhero. That is what lead him to join the army so he could become a man so tough nothing could shake him. And he did. Blow after blow, he survived. But the most painful hit was when Sherlock jumped off the roof of Bart’s hospital. While he was still raw from that incident alone, Mary was shot dead too. The pain of witnessing your beloved die right in front of your eyes is indescribable. And he had to go through it twice. So it’s not entirely a surprise that he drank too hard to even forget about his own existence.
Sherlock steps out of their bedroom, yawning and stretching his limbs. He glances at the said box and shrugs his shoulders.
It's weirdly unsettling that even after this outrageous description, John has a strong urge to meet that man. The day has brought him a challenge at last and he would be an utter imbecile to turn that opportunity down. He grins.
Sherlock slowly opens his eyes and sees a slideshow of emotions running over John’s face. There is guilt, concern, grief, embarrassment but most of all, there is
The only thing he comes up with is a 'Thank you.' He snatches the paper from John's hand and turns to stomp outside.
‘It’s alright Sherlock. It’s okay.’ He reassures while threading fingers through his hair again. ‘Open your mouth for me. I am going to check your teeth okay?’
‘Your lips Sherlock- your lips are numb now.’ Sherlock narrows his eyes and stares at John’s lips as if they are a piece of an unsolved puzzle. He goes for another futile attempt and after a third one, whines and sprawls back down on the chair.
He didn’t stay long but it was enough for Sherlock to formulate at least 13 different deductions about the man, each one of them peculiar from the other. Fascinating.
‘I will be. Don’t worry, okay?’ Sherlock nods once again and reclines his head back. It’s a pity that John removed his hand then because Sherlock would have liked to hold onto something. Or someone. He closes his eyes and opens his mouth for John to examine.
‘But…that. That was amazing.’ With just one compliment, John can witness the face of his patient lighting up brighter than a Christmas tree.
‘How are you feeling Mr. Holmes? Oh, you’re not allowed to speak yet. Just nod or shake your head. Are you still feeling disoriented?’ Sherlock nods.
‘Don’t go John. Pleeease don’t go. Don’t be angry with me. I am teething my brush daily, I promise…’
The hot liquid splashes onto the left side of his body and the cup gravitates straight to the floor as he abruptly turns around.
Sherlock lies on his couch the next evening and mulls over the idea of reciprocating John’s gesture. He should buy a gift for John too to portray his thankfulness but the lack of experience in such a field proves to be troublesome. A quick scan through his mind palace becomes insufficient since John already has almost everything of general use. He turns over in a rather irritated fashion and tries all over again.
‘Right. The impaction isn’t so deep so it wouldn’t take so long. But just for the safe side, I will need to inject a long-acting anesthetic drug.’
‘Had you by any chance got your head smashed into something?’ He asks in a playful manner. It’s completely unusual for his professional façade to slip down during the first five minutes of interaction with his patient.
Exactly 2 mins later, John's assistant informs him about his turn. Sherlock inhales deeply, straightens his coat and walks in.
'I can see that, love. But it has your initials on it. May I dare ask who is the lucky person to receive a gift from Sherlock Holmes?’
Sherlock is holding an elegant silver box showcasing a set of black cuff links with the organic structure of adrenaline molecule carved on it. He is at a loss of words to precisely explain how besotted he is by such a meaningful gesture.
Sherlock stands dumbfounded at the entrance for a full minute before John clears his throat to catch his attention.
'Dr. Watson, I am afraid you can't leave. There is a patient outside and I insist Doctor, you need to check him.'
The suspect is finally caught after hopping around the roofs of London for an hour. John feels buzzed with energy that he hasn’t felt in a long time, even though his limbs are nearly giving up. The set of his shoulders is loosened and the thought of crawling into a deep slumber is almost divine.
It starts off as a chaste kiss, but Sherlock delves in for more. John is caught so off-guard that he stills at once. He captures John’s upper lip between his own and struggles to suck it but is unable to do so. Both his lips and tongue feel heavy. A disgruntled sound leaves his mouth. He tries again and fails. He looks up at John with a frown to understand this mystery.
John slowly disentangles himself from Sherlock’s embrace but Sherlock doesn’t let him go completely. His hands trace down the line of his shoulders and settle on his forearms. A cautious hold.
John inches back a little with a wide grin on his face. He looks into Sherlock's eyes which are lushed with a haze as if he has been drugged again.
She punctuates every word with the hint of an underlying threat. John stares at her wide-eyed and wonders who the heck has managed to frighten her otherwise calm assistant.
Succumbing to an uncontrollable impulse, he raises a hand and his fingers graze against the damaged skin of Sherlock’s eyebrow in a feather-light touch. Sherlock freezes instantly and his lids drop with the weight of pain that has nothing to do with the wound on his eyebrow.
He pulls back a little, breathes against John’s abdomen, drags his nose over the sensitive skin below his navel and hears John’s breath catch as his erect cock whispers against the underside of Sherlock’s chin.
He moves carefully across the room, pauses when he reaches John, who is now leaning against the dresser in front of him, gripping the edge, knuckles white.  Sherlock is close enough that he knows John can feel his body heat, feel the waft of his breath in his hair, but he doesn’t touch, not yet. He has to be sure.
Sherlock is lax, and flushed, and receptive to anything, everything.  He wraps his arms around John’s waist and rolls onto his back taking John with him.  He feels the huff of surprise, feels John’s hands find purchase on the mattress either side of his head, feels him push up a little, pressing his body down against Sherlock’s, and oh!  The burst of sudden pleasure makes Sherlock’s breath catch, and a moan he hadn’t expected escape his throat.
"Yes I do." Sherlock began to cry now. John could see him staring over at Mary like a deer trapped in headlights and knew that was what was preventing Sherlock from saying anything.
The plane was starting to take off now. He ignored the hostess when she asked him if he was alright. He knew what he should do. Knew what he
He signalled a taxi and they were driven back to 221b, with Amelie asking her dad about various atomic numbers from the periodic table and asking him to quiz her.
He gathers his emotions and tries to stay focused. "We've had a scan - we're pretty sure it's a girl."
He stood upright and put a shaking hand to his best friend's cheek - wiping away the tears there and beckoning for him to look at nothing but into his eyes. "No, you don't."
! How would begin or end it? What tone of voice would he use and how long should he talk for? Should he ramble or keep it short? What words should he use? He clenched the phone in his fist and held it against his forehead in frustration. He needed to relax.
. His mind was amplified. His thoughts. His ability to observe. But most of all - his emotions. All of them. And at that very moment, the only thing he could feel was this staggering sense of misery. It was a feeling of an utmost unhappiness and suffering that tortured him to his very core. He knew why. Of course he did. It was probably still standing in that same spot outside.
"Urgh, you don't understand!" The beep sounded to indicate the voicemail had ended. It felt like John's life had ended along with it.
Sherlock gazed down in wonder until John got to his thumb. He then ran those fingers through John's short, greying hair whilst smiling the biggest smile yet.
?" he couldn't actually fathom how someone as perfectly unique and smart could ever love anybody as average as himself. He was genuinely curious and in awe of the fact.
John felt himself shudder. He gazed ahead of him and could see the older Holmes brother finishing a conversation with Sherlock. His assistant was stood next to him. Andrea, was it? John didn't care about such irrelevancies anymore. Hadn't for a long time.
The sound of Sherlock's ringtone interrupted his analysis. He sighed and pulled out his mobile, pressing the button and bringing it to his ear. "John?"
John moved from his position on the couch and onto the cold, dirty earth in front of Sherlock - who was still fiddling with his dark blue scarf. He grabbed hold of Sherlock's cold hands with his own and entwined their fingers. "Were you able to figure out why I was always walking quickly due to excitement on Wednesdays and Fridays?"
And at that moment, it was like a shotgun had sounded somewhere in the distance, waking up parts of his brain that the cocaine had pushed into the background. It was as if a live wire had electrocuted the parts in his brain's frontal lobe that were in charge of control and common sense.
"That's not what it's about - I'm just worried incase they treat her more harshly from the rest. And now that Mrs Marshall has met you that may be more likely." He threw down his bag and coat and sat down next to them.
The man was radiant. Utterly perfect. And John was happy that he could finally admit that to himself as well as say it aloud for all to hear. And do that he damn well would.
Permanent basis? His mobile pinged and he almost flinched. Almost. Ex soldiers didn't do that sort of thing. His hand shook as he unlocked the passcode but the truth was he couldn't open the message quickly enough.
problem that you cannot keep up with her advanced knowledge or brutal honesty. I'd tell you that choosing to exclude her for five days and not allowing her to school is preventing her from developing her knowledge, but I can tell you that she'd learn more from me in a single hour than she would here in six years," he sneered at the woman, continuing. He leant forwards and placed his hands on her desk. "You'd better hope that it's John that comes in next time Ms Abercombe, because I promise you I will be a lot less tolerant of you and your team of incapable fools if I'm required to come in again." With that, he removed his hands from the desk and turned on his heel, grabbing his young daughter's hand and thrusting the door open - letting it bang against the corner of her bookshelf.
John laughed for the absurdity of the remark. Then he almost started to cry from the significance of Sherlock giving him his full name. This was it. Their last conversation. He knew it. Sherlock knew it. And yet Sherlock was talking about his baby. Putting John's family first, again. How had he chosen this moment to realise how truly selfless his best friend was.
Sherlock had needed the drugs. Needed something to smooth over this whole ordeal. The ordeal of leaving. Leaving John. Again. It had really been a good idea at the time. His only way out. But then his best friend had blubbered to him to stay and had confessed his love for him and then it had stopped. As did his breathing and heartbeat. It felt like everything had stopped and he couldn't get anything to work. Because a tiny part of him had actually been expecting something like this to happen. When John had called him back, part of Sherlock knew what he was going to say. And it had terrified him.
Sherlock smiled again. "Good, because this is where I want to be, okay? I don't want to mess this up." The Detective could never remember being so sincere. This is what he wanted - what he'd always wanted. And he finally had it. He had never been one for any type of relationship. But he'd told himself that before he'd become best friends with John too. It seemed he couldn't keep past promises around the Doctor and that didn't phase him in the slightest. Maybe he was destined to have every type with him.
"Urgh, you don't understand!" He was becoming frantic now. He didn't want to push past her but if he had to to get to that cockpit then hell, he would. He never realised he still held his phone to his ear. Grimacing, Sherlock hung up. Then, he made his way to the small metal door despite her protests.
"Oh my god. I love you. I love you. What am I doing?" he stared around himself in genuine wonder. Then out of the window where all's he could see were clouds.
Then he told himself to stop thinking that way, because as if he was seriously going to let him get on that plane.
A few hours passed - which could've been mere seconds but John neither knew nor cared. In which time Sherlock had taken off his glove and stretched out his hand for his best friend to take.
Sherlock frowned and did not reply, so John continued. "It's because they're the two days out of the whole week where I share a class with you. As much as this new Defence Professor gets on my nerves - I have you there with me, making it my favourite lesson no matter what," he gave a little chuckle and stroked Sherlock's fingers with his own. "You have no idea how long I've been wishing you'd say that. Seriously, Sherlock- I didn't think for a second that those words would ever come out of your mouth. I didn't think you felt like that," John rested his forehead on Sherlock's knee. "I love you too, you infuriating smart arse. So much. I still can't believe you hadn't deduced that yet."
The woman's lips had become very thin as her brows knitted together. "Well I believe I have found the source of her attitude."
Or maybe, John thought, he always remembered and this last five minutes had taken it from his memory. Was the very idea of Sherlock leaving for good diminishing every last thought that didn't include the Detective?
John gaped, his eyes wide. Sherlock...loved him? Was in love with him? They hadn't been dating for all that long. Since May of the previous school year. It was now October. John closed his mouth, but didn't stop staring at Sherlock. But he didn't
"Well you can't punish a child for being brutally honest. And what is that famous quote?" he asked, pretending to wrack his brains. "Oh yes, 'for every good reason there is to lie, there is a better one to tell the truth' - the boy's grandmother is terminally ill and has been for almost a year. Him knowing saves him a whole lot of heartache. Now he can say goodbye."
She ignored him and pressed on. "Miss Watson-Holmes also decided to pull a chair from where a classmate was sitting, causing him to fall and bang his backside, along with pulling all of the finger paintings from the wall because she believed that the way they had been put up looked as if "a 2-year-old had done the job". And that was just today alone! Yesterday she was reported to have told one of her classmates that the girl's mother had stolen the ring your daughter had seen her wearing at home time and that another boy's grandmother was terminally ill."
But then Sherlock began walking towards him, and John started walking towards him, and he stopped. That smile was the most radiant thing he'd ever seen. The eyes that were paired with it were gleaming with tears and colours of all things beautiful.
it from her. Not like she could probably feel from him. John imagined her feeling his version of shock like hot pokers impaling her skin. He almost wanted that for her.
"And then what?" he heard himself ask anyway. But all his focus had gone. He didn't hear what Sherlock said next for he was undone and he didn't have a clue what to do about it.
"Before we started...dating, I didn't believe in relationships. Mycroft had taught me that they made people vulnerable and naïve and distracted them from what's actually important. But...you've changed my opinion. So much so, in fact, that it actually caused me to realise that I was feeling something for you that I've never felt for anyone. Ever." Sherlock let out a breath and turned up the collar of his cloak against the autumn chill. John waited, even more curious than before. "John I...I love you. I'm in love. With you. And...that's it. That was my revelation. Last night." He started to fiddle with his blue Ravenclaw scarf, not meeting John's eyes.
"That is none of your concern. And even if it was, she had no right to tell the boy that his grandmother was "going to die soon."
He could barely even remember the actual wedding. Just the ache in his heart when Sherlock was no longer there.
"I love you! I have to see you! I've got to get off this plane!" he jumped out of his seat again and made for the cockpit.
. Without interruption. So, before the beep could sound, he made sure to focus. Then took the deepest possible breath. He opened his mouth to start talking, and...nothing.
"I mean, I didn't even get a chance to tell you that I love you too. Because of course I do-" his voice caught and the tears started to flow then. They cascaded down the Detective's cheeks and wouldn't stop. "I love you John Watson. I'm in love with you."
"Yes. But she made the mistake of touching the door handle on the way out, leaving prints which also contained tiny traces of the drug. He relapsed straight away, meaning that he couldn't possibly have been the one who left-"
There was a fallen log in the middle along with leaves and more twigs littering the earth. John cast a Transfiguration spell on the log and watched it turn into a comfy looking two-seater couch. Sherlock put the picnic basket down and pointed his wand at a pile of twigs, smiling as they went up in bright orange flames. John immediately went over to the couch and flopped down on it, happy to be rid of the weight of those extremely heavy books Sherlock had quite correctly deduced. He felt a dip in the couch which indicated his boyfriend was next to him.
The Ravenclaw frowned and marked his page, closing his book and walking beside John. "Boring. I have no time for Entwhistle - he's cheating on his wife with the head of The Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office in the Ministry. Let's do something a bit more exciting."
"I got off the plane," said a voice from behind him. It was deep. Baritone. A voice that he'd come to know so well that merely hearing it made his knees weak. John would've turned quicker than the speed of light if his knees hadn't done just that. When he eventually did, he saw Sherlock standing in the doorway to his flat -
It came in the form of one last dazzling smile through mesmerising cupid-bow lips and one last time that John's entire life would walk away from him.
But not for the baby. He loved the idea of being a father. Couldn't wait, in fact. But after everything that had happened his utmost wish was that his little girl's mother could be anyone but Mary Morstan.
John sighed. Mycroft was right. Now was the time. He would have to enquire how the man even knew and how long for another time.
"Come on John, don't be boring. Just a little further," Sherlock pulled him further in, the noise of branches snapping under their feet echoed eerily. He let go of John's hand in order to cast Lumos, with John followed suit. The cold autumn air made their breath visible in front of their faces and John wrapped his cloak further around his body.
John didn't believe that anybody alive could have opened that voicemail as hastily as he did. He couldn't explain the emotions he felt as the automated voice told him who the voicemail was from and the time it was recorded. The amount was infinitive.
"I can always tell when you're approaching. You walk a lot quicker on Wednesdays and Fridays even though you have the dullest lessons, suggesting your excited about something. And today you have lessons all day, hence why you're walking a bit hunched over - you have 5 textbooks in your bag, heavy textbooks. That and the fact that you always clear your throat before you reach me, you never know you're doing it. That suggests-"
"Sherlock!" It was like it took the man centuries to turn around so he yelled again. And again. As if his life depended on it. Because it did.
"God, I can't deal with double Defence with this new Professor Entwhistle - or whatever his name is," he heard a voice in his ear and turned his head to see his fellow Gryffindor Greg towering over him with a frustrated expression etched upon his tanned face.
"Sure, only because they switched our timetables so we're with the Ravenclaws," Greg sniggered knowingly as they made their way into the Entrance Hall.
John shook his head and took a bite out of the sandwich. He sat admiring the fire, loving the warm air against his face until he realised that Sherlock hadn't spoken in almost three minutes. "Are you alright?" he asked, after he'd finished eating. He scooted closer and looked at his boyfriend.
A look of surprised expectation crossed Mycroft's face. He looked between the two of them, and then back to John. Another knowing stare.
For that, it sickened John to even look her in the eye now. She'd destroyed them both and now his best friend and utmost reason for breathing was having to leave because of it.
Almost immediately, he felt his breath hitch. There was a notification for a voicemail from twenty-five minutes prior. From Sherlock.
He clutched at his chest and keeled over, curling himself into as much of a ball as he could in the seat he was in. His eyes started to glisten again and he could see the all-grey hostess unbuckling her belt and approaching with a fearful expression. His face must have become murderous, though, for he batted her away and she actually retreated rather quickly. With his knees tucked under his chin, he closed his eyes and let out a long and shaky breath. He told himself to calm down to avoid a panic attack. He'd been prone to them when he was younger and didn't want to revert back to his old ways. Especially now. He instead began to think about what he should do. Then he barked out a laugh without any humour. What could he do? He had taken his brother's offer to die in sixth months. He couldn't back out of it now. He could already hear the plane making its preparations to move.
"It should be you that comes all the time Dad," Amelie giggled, squeezing his hand and walking twice as fast to keep up with his strides through reception and out of the automatic doors. "Papa just nods his head all the time and says that 'he'll see what he can do.'"
The sound of the clock ticking in the bedroom had amplified by a hundred and if he could have chosen that moment to lock his body and escape into a mind palace of his own then he would have.
Truth was, all of those specific parts of his life seemed to pass the Doctor by in one big blur. He could barely picture meeting Mary anymore. An image of Sherlock's bloody corpse on the pavement flashed into his mind instead.
Sherlock hesitated before answering, seemingly unsure of whether John should know. "Six months, my brother estimates. He's never wrong."
They were silent in the car. He'd told her where and she drove. She dared not ask anymore questions. She must have felt the tension cutting through the car like knives. His phone never pinged again.
He sighs against John’s ear, and then his lips are pressing to the skin just behind it, pressing and staying there, a tender, lingering thing that makes John dizzy, and thirsty, and confused all at once.
“Come on, there’s a place just over there that has decent coffee, and let me tell you that’s getting harder and harder to find in London these days.”
It’s natural to feel isolated and even desperate when you lose someone that close and important to you.”
He hasn’t done this since he got back to London, just gone outside, found a park bench, and sat in the quiet.
But I wanted him too, and he sensed it, maybe, and he—he couldn’t trust me, couldn’t trust me enough to tell me, to…”
The man’s eyes flit to John, perhaps in search of a little sympathy, finding none, they return to Sherlock with a scowl.
He would taste if he thought John might like that, but he decides to save it for the next time, because John is humming low the back of his throat, and starting to whisper things that Sherlock is missing, and so he refocusses, brings himself back.
It’s not what he wants, but John can’t figure out the whys behind this seeming sea change in Sherlock’s attitude.
Sherlock decides to take a risk.  he slides his hands all the way to the top of John’s thighs, and stops, strokes his thumbs along John’s inseam, and watches, fascinated as John’s breath stutters, and his eyes drop shut, and his hips roll bringing the tips of Sherlock’s thumbs in contact with his aching, eager cock.  His breath catches in a small grunt, like someone has just punched him in the stomach, and Sherlock thinks it a good sign, like perhaps he would like more, and so he lifts one hand from John’s thigh and presses it there, the whole of his palm.
Then in the army, during Phase One training it was more of the same, maybe more of, too, and it was fantastic.
He’d managed to hold it together, but just, and that is why, when they finally got back to the room, he had really let loose.  Sherlock had been uncharacteristically quiet and pouty about it at first, but John soon had him joining in.  It hadn’t been long before the laughter had then turned into fond, sarcastic banter, a mocking play-by-play of the entire weeks’ sessions fuelled by the afore mentioned champagne, followed inexplicably by a bit of playful jostling, which had swiftly devolved to horseplay, and then to—well, to something else entirely.
Just stopping so I could be there, with you, so I could stop feeling the hollow place you left when you…”
And then he presses his cold nose under the line of John’s scarf, and kisses his neck, and John moans, and hisses at the scrape of teeth, and groans at the swipe of a hot and eager tongue.
John scrambles up and dashes for the bedroom, just as Sherlock strides for the door and swings it open.
There is a small stone ledge tucked just to the right of where the water is pouring over the edge of the wall, and Arthur is there, drenched to the bone, shivering, body pressed as close to the stone wall as he can.
There is something incredibly grounding about it—Sherlock’s weight pressing his body into the mattress, Sherlock’s cock pressing into the crease of his thigh, and his pressing against the firm planes of Sherlock’s stomach.
But Sherlock continues to hold his gaze, as he chases his pleasure to it’s zenith, and John can feel the moment when he starts to topple over the edge, the way his balls draw up, and his body coils tight, and his eyes grow wide and then squeeze shut even as his mouth drops open.
“And the sheep will tell the birds, and the birds will tell the bees, and the bees will whisper it to all the local beekeepers, and soon the word will be out: the gays are back at Honey Hill Cottage.”
But Sherlock kisses him silent, and John lets him, lets his body respond, knows, without a shadow of a doubt, that he will not last long, because he didn’t come the night before, and he didn’t think to indulge in a wank that morning, and he’s so keyed up…
I just need you to know that I recognise that I miscalculated the effect my absence would have, and I am truly, deeply and sincerely sorry.”
Sherlock has rolled that confession over and over in his brain since it dropped from John’s lips two nights prior.
He does feel better after the shower, and there is something strangely intimate about having used John’s shampoo and shower gel.
The unfortunate, fourth Tregennis is lying on the floor beside a tipped-over chair in the corner of the room, limbs drawn up, fingers curled in toward his palms, eyes bulging, wide, and blank.
The door to the lounge is shut, so he pushes it open, to the sight of Sherlock facing the fire in the hearth and sawing away on his violin like a man possessed.
John drapes Sherlock’s coat and scarf over the arm of the chair by the lounge door, and then passes through into the foyer, and then the kitchen.
“I want you to tell me why you, who are a soldier, who has seen men be injured, seen men die, presumably men you valued as friends, why you have been so horribly affected by one case gone wrong?
Sherlock takes his time with it, but when he realises that John has no intention of getting bored and giving up on the whole thing, he huffs, and thumbs about on his phone a bit, before finally handing it to John.
After a moment more, he turns the key in the ignition, and pulls out of their parking spot in front of the village pub.
John takes a deep breath. “Listen, the way I see it is, I can just walk out of here, right now, never come back, or—or you can tell me what happened to us last night, what all that was about.
He picks the nearest one up, pulls a little at it and tries to peak inside to determine its contents.
We’d all live here together, and the room upstairs would be your room, and in a few months we’ll get you a big girl bed, if you can promise not to get up at night.”
It’s a hurricane of pent up want exploding with the force of an atomic bomb, and he comes in minutes, thrusting and grunting against Sherlock’s thigh, fingers digging into his lower back, tight enough to leave bruises, shouting out a climax that makes his spine lock, his toes curl, and tears squeeze from the corners of his eyes.
This results in even more huffing and slamming, but Sherlock simply focuses his attention on the book in his lap.
The heavens open, and the rain pours down in sheets, surprisingly warm, soaking Sherlock’s hair, running into his eyes, and down his cheeks.
He thinks about him captive, alone, afraid in the dark, the cold, the damp, no hope for rescue or release, and It gets under his skin and won’t let him go.
John abducted, burned, angry, marrying, leaving, crying, shouting, hitting, kicking, lashing out, over, and over, and over again…
Mrs. Roundhay reappears with a diffuser cupped in her trembling hands, and Sherlock takes it from her.
The pub owner looks happy to see them, as they knock the snow from their boots at the entrance, and enter the pub.
When Sherlock gets back into bed, he doesn’t make any further pretence at being stand-offish, and instead just crawls right over and curls up on and around John like a demanding cat.
I’ve never posted a video before, and I have no idea how to edit one, so I guess that this might turn out a right mess.
He strips, folds his clothes neatly over the arm of the chair beside his wardrobe and then flops down on the mattress, naked, and stares at the ceiling.
“Because what happened last night happens, and after some time that becomes wearing, their patience runs out.
He stares down at the riot of inky curls spread out over the white cotton of his t-shirt, the small spot of drool already forming there, and smiles.
Sherlock goes back to slicing the potatoes, and imagines himself crowding John up against the counter instead of just letting him go back to cooking, imagines stripping him of the too-large jumper he’s wearing, imagines the way his large hands would look against John’s compact ribcage, the way his thumbs would look stroking over the flushed peak of John’s nipples.
Sherlock doesn’t know what to say in response, but he doesn’t have to in the end, because John continues.
Sherlock is still whispering like it’s something sacred, and John can’t hear him at all, but he can read his lips—his eyes.
Sherlock grins, slides back down, glides his tongue up the length of John’s shaft, and then parts his lips and takes him in.
In med school he’d lived in residence, and there had been breakfast in the common dining area, the same when he had been in the military, and then there had been his pathetic little cubicle of a flat, and quiet, yes quiet, but it had been a crushing, suffocating, lonely thing.
They don’t take the dangerous cases as much as they used to, and there has been considerably less dashing about, as a result
But he can’t seem to care enough to stop, and the sounds that John is making seem to indicate that he finds it more arousing than off-putting, and so Sherlock loses himself in it.
There are things he wants that he doesn’t dare ask for, things he knows John wouldn’t be comfortable with (not yet at least).
Sherlock’s weak yet, there are London doctors to see, and tests to be run, and then there is his brother, and his questions, and the hours and hours of paper work…
And when a door finally slams, somewhere down the hall, he shivers, huffs, and then, suddenly, sucks in a deep breath and rolls away.
John’s eyes slide shut, his head falls back, his cock throbs in his pants, and Sherlock thinks it’s the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen.
John lets out a small, broken sound that twists under Sherlock’s skin and burrows deep beneath his heart.
It wouldn’t hurt to practice, to remind himself how a man’s body responds to touch, and if it helps him become more familiar with the things that bring him pleasure, too, then so much the better.
Sherlock hears him lock the door, and then he reappears in the lounge, locks that door too, lets the coat his holding drop, and crawls on top of Sherlock on the sofa, his mouth crashing against Sherlock’s with a moan.
He looks stunned and relieved all at once, like a lifetime’s weight has just dropped from his shoulders.
“They said it was supposed to be bad, but I imagined them to be blowing everything out of of proportion, as usual.”
He startles a little when he turns to find Mrs. Hudson setting a plate for him at the desk in the lounge.
“You were all he talked about those couple of months we were—well we were never really together, were we.”
Sherlock’s whole body sings to life at the sensation of John’s body wrapped so tightly around him.  It’s warm, and snug, and Sherlock can feel every surge of pleasure that passes through John’s body, because there is an echoing wave against his fingers, drawing him deeper, desperate and hungry.
Sherlock’s brain feels thick and fuzzy, like a blanket of damp fleece has been cast over it.  All he can see is John, John’s blood, John’s body—broken, barely moving, right leg twisted oddly at the knee.  Not right.
Not with you gone, not like that, clicking on some bloke’s profile because he had dark curls, and ice blue eyes, and…”
His hands slide down to grip John by the belt loops and drag him in closer, and John pants against his mouth, opens to him, lets him press inside, taste, take.
If you want to deny yourself one pleasure for the sake and pursuit of a greater one, then so be it, but don’t deny yourself simply because some person, some religion, some non-existent god requests or requires it.”
He lifts the gun little higher, and then lowers it, slowly, slowly, until he’s pointing at the explosives.
Sherlock can give this to John, he thinks, after everything, after all they’ve been through, all Sherlock has put John through, all the things that John regrets, all the things that John hates himself for, most of them, at least the things the last decade or so, a direct result of Sherlock’s presence in his life.  This isn’t masochism on Sherlock’s part. This is simple fact.
Sherlock sits back, peels back John’s pants and looks at him spent, and vulnerable, at the mess he’s made.
“That last night…  It meant something.  It wasn’t a mistake.  Not to me.  It’s something I’ve been thinking about, wanting, for a long time.  Didn’t really expect it to happen like this, in some place like this…”  John’s eyes wander, take in their tacky surroundings.
And so Sherlock takes John’s face in his hands, and gazes into eyes the colour of a stormy sea, watches them swim and spill over, waits until John’s lips stop trembling, until his hands stop shaking, until he lets out a long, slow breath, and then he kisses him.
I was responding to your concern that you and Sherlock might be mistaken for a couple, and your fear it would make you unsafe.”
Well we were just chatting, and then you ran off without telling me much of anything, and then suddenly I was chatting with your brother and you were in hospital, and I didn’t know a thing, now did I.
He is a mess, and he should probably get up and do something about it, change the sheets too, but John is a steady weight in his arms, and is giving no indication of wanting to move, so Sherlock stays where he is, and buries his nose in John’s hair, and drifts.  He must sleep a little, because the light in the room has changed when a sound against his chest makes his eyes snap open with a small surge of adrenaline.
John tosses his phone on the desk, and glares down at it, as though he might be able to stop the onslaught with sheer force of will, alone.
Sherlock tightens his grip, eyes still shut, feels John’s breath wafting against his eyelashes, his lips.
She’s tired and hungry, and he’s already regretting the decision as he all but drags her down the corridor on his way to Lestrade’s division, her piteous whinging drawing stares and glares alike.
, or maybe it’s just relief that he hadn’t got it all wrong, that John wants this as much as he does, but he seems calmer, somehow; still, in a way he usually isn’t.
He needs these things to make him feel normal, to convince himself that he is checking off the boxes of a proper adult life, to prove that he deserves to exist.
But you’re going to sit down and give me a proper explanation no later than tomorrow afternoon, you understand.”
And if you get—keyed up, during a session, will you be able to communicate that to me, tell me to stop?”
John smiles up at him from the bed, and Sherlock grabs his pyjamas out of the dresser, and retreats to the loo where he changes in a rush, and then returns to the bedroom, fastidiously hanging up his clothes, before crawling into bed.
The white gold ring on his finger, smooth and warm from his skin is John’s promise and declaration: he wants this, he wants them, he wants Sherlock, still, after all these years, and forever.
His head is throbs with every beat of his heart, making it almost impossible to think, and he needs to think.
John stops short, looks around himself as though surprised to find himself out on the dark street in his bare feet and pyjamas, and then back up at Sherlock’s face.
“I know you won’t.”  The truth is, John likely will in some cases, but they can cross that bridge when they come to it, and Sherlock can start back on the easier cases, simple thefts, fraud.
He’s teasing at Sherlock’s entrance, and Sherlock feels dizzy with want, incredulous that it’s happening, that John has wanted this, and is acting on that desire, is taking Sherlock wholly apart, faster than he ever could of imagined, and quite honestly a little surprised at how much he wants it, and how easily he has been ready to surrender.
John nods, and smiles Sherlock’s favourite smile, before looking back down at his plate and stabbing at a tomato.
John chuckles, and nods in acknowledgement to their young waiter, as he arrives with their salad and tray of lasagna, motioning to him that he will dish out their food.
When they get to the room and the bellhop has left, John looks at the opulence surrounding them, and bursts into a fit of giggles.
It seems his dance training is holding him in good stead, that his muscle memory is just as good as John’s, if not better, and after awhile he’s sailing around the ice with a smile of complete abandon and joy on his face, and John thinks he’s never seen anything more beautiful.
He has managed three days, but now here he is, and the clubs and alleys are calling, and he really can’t see why he should bother extending his recent trend in sobriety.
He starts to thrust faster, and somewhere in the back of his chemical-addled brain Sherlock thinks that maybe they will come together, and wouldn’t it be a shame, because this is John Watson coming undone, beautifully undone, and Sherlock is too drunk on arousal to fully appreciate it.
He fights to clear his mind completely, to school his breathing, and after a moment or two dares a peek downward.
He needs to say something, or do something before Sherlock gets the wrong idea, and gets that look he gets sometimes, the one that feels like it’s driving something sharp and acidic through the core of John’s heart, that makes him regret ever having been born because his existing means that Sherlock is hurting, and there is nothing more unacceptable than that, nothing more…
Sherlock gets to his feet, slides his hands down the length of John’s thighs, and John rises, just like that, follows him into the bedroom, lies down on the bed, fully clothed, waits, and Sherlock comes too, slides down onto the mattress as though there is a thread connecting them, something they are powerless to resist.
There is a sound from the end of the gallery, like fabric sliding across wood, and then a loud clatter.
Mrs. Hudson has hot scones and tea waiting, and when he mentions that John had already made him toast and tea, she tuts and declares he needs protein then, before soft-boiling two eggs, and insisting he eat them.
What is nothing but a mild frustration when he is tucked into bed with Sherlock can actually be downright infuriating in day-to-day life, and he has no idea how he will manage to get through the therapy session.
He looks down at Sherlock’s hand resting large and warm over exactly the spot that aches, and then up at his face.
But John is fraying at the seams, slipping, and there’s nothing he wouldn’t do to stop that from happening.
“I suspect that the letter he received the day he went missing contained instructions, a late night rendezvous.
“I mean are you lying to keep a secret about something that will make the other person happy or are you lying to keep a secret to protect yourself.
To get out while the getting is good, to avoid tying himself down to a Watson, because no good can come of it, and he’s always going to be broken, and he’s always going to be a mess, and he’s always going to let him down.
Sherlock pushes away from the door, throws his own coat on the bed, and just as John turns, crowds him a little to left and back against the wall.
There’s something in the way John says it, voice rough and breathless, that washes over Sherlock like fire.
John’s face screws up and Sherlock wonders if he is going to cry again, but he seems to master himself after a couple of deep breaths, and he continues.
If I’d stopped letting things that happened years ago get in the way of what I wanted now, if I’d just told you…”
The shops will be opening in the villages soon, and I want to question the locals before we go into the park.”
“I reached down and I pressed, and It was so good, so fucking good, I had to stop touching my cock, or I would have come right then and there.”
I’d ask you how you know the director of the Tate Modern, but you’re probably going to be all cloak and dagger about that too.
Sherlock massages the product in much longer than is strictly necessary, and takes up the hand-held shower nozzle on the edge of the tub, urges John to lean back against his shoulder, and rinses.
He reaches out and presses a finger between Sherlock’s eyebrows, and then grins when the furrow there only deepens with Sherlock’s confusion.
Sherlock loves this bit, the light-hearted teasing and banter that comes before the fevered groping, and kissing, and frenzied frotting.
He would very much like to crawl back down into the inviting warmth of their shared bed, but it’s one thing in the dark, at night, when they are meant to be trying to sleep, and quite another, midmorning in a curtainless room, with no other motivation but the craving of warmth and companionship.
Sherlock is not an easy person to love, and John, he knows, is even harder, but somehow here they are.
He looks at John like he knows, like he knows why this case, why this man, why today, why like this, why—everything.
He smiles when he hears John stub his toe on the leg of the sofa, and let out a muttered string of exceptionally creative profanity.
When John comes his thighs clamp hard either side of Sherlock’s hips, and he bites down onto the meaty bit of
They crawl beneath the covers, and gravitate toward one another, each lying on their sides, close enough to breath one another’s breath.
You were halfway to Syria and came back, letting a small fortune’s worth of photography equipment ship on ahead of you to Damascus, where it’s safekeeping could hardly be guaranteed.”
Sherlock reaches up for the top button of John’s shirt, looses it, whispers the pads of his fingers over John’s suprasternal notch, watches John’s adam’s apple bob and his lips part.
He spends a few minutes seeing if there is a way for him to tag SensoryScience, but can’t seem to figure it out, and so he gives up in the end, posts and decides to go back to bed.
The cab pulls up in front of the flat, and John gets out without a word, just walks straight for the door, through it, up the stairs, and into the loo.
And Sherlock wants to tell him he’s not nearly naked enough, but can read John’s body language well enough (hesitant, anxious, and a little insecure) to know that now is not the time.
John gapes at everything as they enter the expansive marble lobby and Sherlock is pleased that his little surprise seems to be so well received.
“When you were gone my therapist asked me to tell her all the things I wished I’d had the chance to tell you.”
Sherlock buries his face in the wet hair at John’s temple and mouths the shell of his ear, groans as John’s hands scramble up and over the wet skin of his back, down over the rise of his arse, and then grip hard, squeeze, pull Sherlock in closer.  Sherlock steps in presses his whole weight against him, grinds against John’s slick belly, and then nearly comes when John growls a string of profanity under his breath, and squeezes Sherlock’s arse harder.  His fingers slip down Sherlock crack, deeper.  Sherlock stops breathing.
The pain is sharp, and sudden, and he jerks his finger back, watches with slightly detached fascination as his blood blooms against the starchy white surface of the nearest potato slice.
He knew what John had planned, he knew what he wanted to say, he knew he’d bungled the planning, so he subtly rearranged it all to make it easier, so it would be—safe.
He dips down and kisses the inside of Sherlock’s knee again, stares up at him from beneath long, thick lashes, and Sherlock thinks he is beautiful.
“I just know that when you come for a session everything feels—better than it does when you’re not there, and when you’re not there, all I can think about is when you’ll be there next.
Sherlock winks just to be sure John understands him, and is rewarded with a smile, the kind that lights up John’s whole face, that sparkles in his eyes and ends in a soft huff of amusement.
This is an old one, that someone just reblogged on tumblr.  I'd forgotten all about it, so I thought I'd add it here.
“Yes.  Yes…”  Sherlock can feel it building, the tight hot curl in his belly, the frenzied, building ache about to burst into something explosive.  But he doesn’t want it yet.  Not yet.  “Bed!”  He somehow manages.
“I love you,” John says again, and listens to Sherlock moan, and feels him clench around him, and realises it’s a thing, a thing with him, and leave it to Sherlock to be so fucking turned on by those three words.
He leans against the door frame and watches Sherlock pace, until the sensation of eyes on him makes Sherlock want to crawl out of his own skin, and he stops dead with a growl, fists his hair in his hands and pulls hard.
Tears seep from the corners of John’s eyes in his sleep, and Sherlock draws a little closer, hopes John can somehow sense his presence, somehow know that he’s safe.
He feels John tense in his arms a little, and so he kisses him, slow, and sweet, and deep, until John starts to move against him, teasing pleasure from his own body, and Sherlock rubs slow circles against his hole, adding a little pressure each time, until suddenly John takes him in with a sigh that almost sounds like relief.
He climbs back into bed, and hands them to Sherlock wordlessly.  Sherlock sits up, and disposes of the condom, cleans up, and then lays back down.  John is staring at the ceiling, and so Sherlock does the same. After several moments of silence, Sherlock speaks.
There’s an honesty, threaded through with a twinge of sadness to it that twists up under Sherlock’s heart like thorn.
fingers itch all over again at the memory, yearn to learn the individual rise and fall of each vertebra, the silky slide of the soft, untouched skin there, to experiment with that touch and watch how John’s body responds.
Sherlock’s finger’s curl in the fleece, nails on skin.  John feels it, thinks he feels it, over his chest, grazing his nipples.
The boy in uni, Sebastian Wilkes, all the boys who had hated Sherlock, used him, left him without so much as a by your leave.
His beard tickles the top of two of Sherlock’s knuckles, and Sherlock has to fight back the urge to flex his fingers upward, to touch, to stroke, to…
John hums and melts back against his chest, breathes warm breath over Sherlock’s heart, drapes an arm over his waist.
John is trembling again, and Sherlock’s heart twists, and aches so much he thinks surely it must be breaking.
Sherlock hasn’t moved, and so, with a deep breath, he scrambles to his feet and makes a dash for it.
John freezes, glances over his shoulder at Sherlock, who simply arches a brow in response.  After a beat, he tightens his grip around the pot handle and goes back to scrubbing in disgruntled silence.
Instead, he slides onto the mattress, and starts to wipe softly at John’s belly, taking extra time with the hair at the base of his cock, the crease of his thigh, the underside of his balls, and then, folding the flannel over, dirty side in, starts to clean the drying come from around his bloody knuckles.
It’s stretching Sherlock to his limit, and there have been days when he has felt that if something doesn’t happen soon, it will tear him apart and leave him raw, and bloody and beyond repair.
John sets his fork down, reaches across the table and takes a swig of the beer sitting in front of Sherlock.
They spend a companionable half hour chatting over their cocoa before they finally decide to go back out and brave the cold again, supplies in hand.
“I do.”  Sherlock reassures him, because if this is it, if this is the one thing that John has been  wanting so much he couldn’t even bring himself to say it, then Sherlock is not about to deny him.
For a moment Sherlock thinks John’s going to cry, but he masters it before it can overwhelm him and falls back against the wall with a deep sigh instead.
John doesn’t know what to say, but fortunately, Sherlock takes a deep breath and decides to spare him.
His lips tremble, and then pull away, only to return and place another kiss in the corner of Sherlock’s mouth, another over one closed eyelid, and then the other; one on his forehead, one on his cheek, one at his temple, fingers back in his hair.
He wonders what those curls would feel like between his fingers, if Sherlock’s slightly flushed cheeks are as warm and smooth as they look (how, so late in the day?), what his full bottom lip might feel like beneath his thumb.
He’s gone pale, and Sherlock wants to get up, to reach out, and pull him against his chest, but he doesn’t know if it’s the right thing, if it would make this better or worse, so he doesn’t move.
John leans back a little, and laughs.  It’s a small, surprised bark, that trails off into what sounds like a nervous giggle.  “Okay…  What about it?”
There is something in the way John looks at him, in guarded moments, ones where he isn’t aware that Sherlock can see him, that makes Sherlock think that John’s feelings toward him haven’t changed all that much, but in many ways it appears that John’s affections are already cooling.
John nods, but Sherlock is looking at him like he might get up out of bed, slip into his clothes, slip out of the room, and do something stupid like give John space.
John’s fingers move down to his temples, work slow circles there, but it’s when he reaches down and begins to massage his earlobes, that Sherlock goes to jelly.
The chair is on wheels, it rolls a little, and John almost slides off, has to catch himself, losing his whole rhythm, he growls in frustration, rips the charge cord from his laptop and takes it over to the bed with him, sets it on his bedside table, and tilts the screen down so he can see it while he lies down, while he…
Sherlock addresses Ella, but doesn’t take his eyes off of John, whose gaze is level and almost defiant.
“Hey…  Sherlock.  Sherlock?  Jesus.”  John’s hands, warm from a paper cup of tea—everywhere.  Blankets lifted, tucked around.  Pic line checked.  Fluttering touches.  Thumbs smoothing damp cheeks.  Fingers in hair.
John wordlessly takes Sherlock’s plate of half-eaten food, and returns a short while later with a new plate, steaming and warm.
He goes, because the day has been a frustration and a waste, and he can think of nothing better to do.
The man frowns even more deeply when he takes in the sight of Sherlock sitting on the floor of the toilet.
“Because sometimes you don’t realise you don’t want to do it until you are in the middle of it, and then you don’t know how to say stop.
We would run off all day into the barren woods, and come back just before dark to warm, simple food which we would eat in the kitchen with the staff.
“Move!”  Sherlock orders, and John does, picks a rhythm that has Sherlock squirming, and thrusting, and begging in no time, and Sherlock forces himself to focus, to look down at John and take in everything, the way his eyes look bright, and focussed, and wholly free of care, the way the slump in his shoulders has straightened, the strength in his grip, on Sherlock’s hip.  He glances up and catches Sherlock looking, and grins.
He sets the bath bomb carefully in the water, and sniffs appreciatively as it spins across the surface, releasing a scent that is somehow simultaneously erotic and homely.
He stares straight ahead, doesn’t even bother to look Sherlock’s way, and Sherlock feels ill, lost, desperate to somehow make it all right, even as he realises that something has been broken irreparably, that things may never be alright between them again.
He blinks up at him as he comes in, graces him with a small, sad smile, and so Sherlock shuts off the lights in the bedroom as well, undresses down to his pants in the dark, and crawls into bed.
He takes a bracing mouthful of tea to quell the emotion, burning the roof of his mouth in the process, before finally turning away, and going back into the lounge.
When they get back inside, Sherlock motions for John to sit on the sofa, while he heats up the leftover casserole in the fridge.
Oh, and I know all about the sorts of private situations Evans gets himself mixed up in, so if it’s not too much trouble…”
It’s a miserable, damp, slate grey day, with little punctuations of early spring green racing by outside the train window in a mottled blur.
He feels more than hears John soft inhalation, and then the quiet huff as he releases the breath again.
His brother sounds amused, a little incredulous, but Sherlock thinks he can hear the fear behind it.
Sometimes he takes his service revolver apart, cleans it, counts the bullets he has left, puts it back together, and then just holds it for awhile.
And this is how John has changed him, he thinks.  Even his brother had noticed when they finally returned to London.  Oh, there has been the usual arched brows and clucks of disapproval, but then there had been a shadow of something else, and an observation.  “Something’s different. What is it?”
He sits alone in the near abandoned cafeteria, and tries not to think, tries to do as John has bade him, and not to blame himself, and he tries to ignore his brother, too, when he strolls in and sits down across from him at the white melamine table.
“Of course.”  Sherlock rubs his free hand soothingly up and down the length of John’s thigh.  “Tell me when you want more.”
He’s been bad again lately, it’s why he’d moved back to Baker St. at long last, and today was a therapy day.
But then given the way Wilkes had talked about him, and Sherlock’s reticence to describe him as a friend, perhaps it was more complicated than that.
He remembers how James had physically restrained him when he tried to go out and clear a path for them.
Comforting to see the NHS is still so committed to patient confidentiality, but it does him no good.
John presses back against him, the minute he is under the covers, and he wraps an arm around him and pulls him close, breathes in the scent of his hair, and skin, and then presses his lips against his scalp.
He presses in, his body burning hot against Sherlock’s even through the many layers of their clothes.
John presses the ball of his hand against his temple, rubs a hand over his eye and stares down at the floor.
There are no words for how much he does, it’s simply that there is so much new data to take in that his brain can’t possibly still enough to let his body take precedence.
“We should go back to the village, and find someone to come and get him, I’ve got no signal out here.”
John jerks his head in an acknowledging nod, and Sherlock looks over at him: hunched into himself, muscles taught, fingers gripping the seat of the bench between them, white knuckled.
And when Sherlock can hardly breath, can hardly speak, or think beneath the assault of the spectres haunting the periphery of his memory.
Sherlock blinks, realises that John has finished talking and he has been standing in the middle of the kitchen frozen.
“Listen, I was in a car accident a year ago, bloody awful mess, and of course nothing like what you’ve probably seen, but I got—unsettled for awhile, you know.”
“You’ve never had a relationship with anyone, you’ve never had sex with anyone, but you say you’re not averse to it.
He’s tried this once before, one of those nights when he’d been desperate for release, but his body wouldn’t seem to cooperate.
John’s hand moves, pulls again, and Sherlock is coming with a shout, and explosion of sensation so powerful he can feel his muscles tense, tears squeeze from the corners of his eyes, can hear himself making sounds that should be embarrassing, but which seem to be spurring John on to previously unforeseen heights of arousal.
He seemed unsurprised to find himself there, which led John to believe that this was a regular occurrence.
exceedingly skilled and unfailingly discreet in your current profession as well, so I would say that it is an inherent character trait, rather than a vocation-specific skill.”
But there’s a surge of adrenaline racing through his veins, now, and his head has cleared and he has a burst of energy, and clarity, the likes of which he hasn’t had in ages, so he gets to his feet and heads for the road.
Three mobile numbers slipped in my pocket before the hour was through, and an utterly ridiculous level of flirtation.”
He stops short when he looks up, and sees John standing in the doorway in his pyjamas, clean shaven, a crooked grin on his face.
It takes them a few minutes to get him all set up, and John wishes he just hadn’t bothered, because there’s really no point anyway, and he’s itching with anxiety over Sherlock not answering his text, and he still feels like there are eyes on him, and therapy is the absolute last thing he needs at the moment.
This seems to please her, even if she motions as if to brush him off as he pushes back some of the books and papers on the desk to make room for his plate.
There is nothing more confusing, trying (or intoxicating), than a person with an unfailingly strong and unyielding moral compass.
“I’m just saying that we have all these letters, and I think they stretch over the whole of their relationship.
And for the first time Sherlock is anxious at the prospect.  They are still tiptoeing around one another, but up until now there have been distractions.
Sherlock turns to him, brow knit, and then seems to read everything he needs to see in John’s tense body language, white-knuckled fists and flaming cheeks.
Sherlock hurriedly shrugs into a t-shirt and pants, brushes his teeth, and then steps back into the bedroom.
She’d been rather concerned that he’d finally had some sort of total mental break and was simply dreaming the whole scenario up.
When they get back downstairs, Rosie propped against Sherlock’s hip, John is just heading for the stairs with a satchel slung over one shoulder, a scone in his mouth, and a travel mug in one hand.
Sherlock thinks, because it’s a fair question, an important one.  “I like to think that maybe it is the natural progression of what we’ve always done, always been.”  He breathes deep.  “Do you regret it?”
Sherlock motions for John to go ahead of him up the stairs, and when they reach the top, Sherlock sets John’s bag down, and leans in close.
He’s still high off everything they’ve just shared, and here they both are, ruffled and sated, and about to be escorted to the bloody palace, by Her Majesty’s Secret Service. Oxytocin and adrenaline battle it out in his veins.
He crawled out the window at the assigned time, went across the roof, down the drainpipe and then met someone…
But John’s name is there, in the back of his throat, on the tip of his tongue, laced through every panting breath, every desperate whimper.
When the food arrives, Sherlock has it spread out on the dining room table, and he and John sit and chat while they eat.
When he curls into a tight ball on the icy, concrete floor of his cell and weeps, it is the warmth of the fire and the site of John across from him in his broken down, damask chair that keeps Sherlock from giving up entirely.
His eyes are wide and glassy when he’s awake, as though something that had been sleeping since before he and Sherlock met has awakened again, risen to the surface, and possessed him.
John stands up, gives the man a clipped nod of his head, and walks out before he does something stupid.
He’ll pretend nothing is wrong, but then he will sigh deeply, look up from the book he’s reading, or the television show he isn’t really watching, and he’ll speak.
Sherlock takes in the whole of him, eyes pleading, body trembling, a thin line of sweat along his hairline, and frowns.  “What is it?  What’s wrong?”
“You think they mind if we take these skates elsewhere, long as we have them back before five when they shut up shop?”
John wraps his hand around Sherlock and strokes, and Sherlock’s eyes fall shut, head falls back.  His body moves, almost of its own volition, hips rolling forward.  John shifts inside of him, and moans, and thrusts up, seeking more sensation, and then they are moving together in perfect synchrony, with Sherlock in the lead, finding their rhythm, letting John glide in and out, teasing sensation from places and in ways Sherlock had hitherto only imagined, as John’s hand continues to work, drawing them closer, and closer, together, working in perfect harmony—just like the old days, Sherlock thinks, like in the beginning when they could almost read one another’s minds, and everything had seemed right and easy.
He doesn’t say anything, and John knows that he only has two choices now: backtrack and try to undo it, or forge ahead.
“For fucks sake, if you don’t text her back I will.  If she’s nothing, it’s nothing, then you won’t mind me and her having a little chat, yeah?”  Sherlock’s mouth parts even wider, as though he wants to say something, but there are no words forthcoming.
When he gets back to the lounge a short while later, Sherlock is standing over by the hearth again with something in his hands.
And I’m quite certain you didn’t come all this way just to titillate, so what is it holding you back?”
John is still there, spooned behind him, arm draped over his waist, warm breath wafting against his back, just above his shoulder blades.
He’s just being greedy now, and it’s almost cruel to bring up everything that happened after Sherlock’s return, but he wants to hear it, and he needs Sherlock to know that it was something John had chosen to do, take himself away and out of Sherlock’s life.
You, no doubt, have pleasant experiences of being read to as a child, hence the pleasure you experience in it as an adult.”
Sherlock kneads John’s arse, pulls him a little further apart, and slowly presses his tongue deeper.
John reaches for his glass again, stares down into it for a moment, and then sets it down again without taking a drink.
He kisses him more, and when he feels John’s tongue teasing at his mouth again, he opens to him, and John enters him with a nasal gasp and a long moan, folds his body against Sherlock’s even as he tastes him, his tongue filling, gliding, wet and undulating, somehow beautiful and filthy all at once.
When Sherlock finally unlocks the door to the kitchen, and let’s Rosie and Mrs. Hudson in, he’s sure he’s managed it, but she takes one look at him, grins, reaches out to squeeze his arm, and whispers.
His bed has been slept in, but he’s been dead long enough for rigor mortis to set in, so a death that likely occurred in the wee hours of the morning.
He lifts it to his jaw, strokes the bow across the strings in one, lovely, warm tone, and then begins to play.
Sherlock is shivering again, and John walks over and leans against the car beside him, reaches out to lay a hand on his back, and is surprised when he responds by sliding over and resting his head on John’s shoulder.
I’m not the one who egged the bloke on with all those bloody deductions and then dashed off after him!
Sherlock’s hand rests in the small of his back, slides down over the rise of his arse, and settles again.
* This is not something that features heavily in this chapter, but there will come a time in a later chapter when Sherlock will finally talk to John about it.
He can see Sherlock’s shoulder just the other side of the trunk of the giant oak he’s hiding behind.
He looks back up at John’s face, something he does have memorised, and then reaches down and takes himself out as well.
glad he’s there, because on some level he suspects that he will help to the best of his ability, that he realises what John is, what he means, and that if no one else will, at least he will stop at nothing to bring him home.
He’s panting when he returns to Sherlock and sits down beside him, and Sherlock finds himself seeking John out, physically assessing him with feather-light touches to his arm, and nape, and crown.
Sherlock swallows him down, every drop, and then leans back on his calves, and licks his lips like a satisfied cat.
When the food is gone, Mrs. Hudson has stopped her hoovering, and the traffic of the morning rush has slowed a little outside, John tosses the paper on the nightstand, and stretches.
He feels like this thing with Sherlock, whatever it is, is the only thing keeping him afloat, and he doesn’t want to mess it up, but he doesn’t do this, doesn’t know how to do this, and…
He’s already there, in John’s space, sharing his heat, breathing his air, and so John lifts his arms to wrap around Sherlock’s waist, and pull him closer.
Sherlock draws close, until he is sharing John’s pillow, and can feel the warmth of John’s body radiating against his.
“There are so many things more intimate than fucking, John, and this thing you keep worrying about, this thing you feel you’re denying yourself, denying me, it’s not about fucking.  It’s about trust. It’s about giving yourself over into my safe keeping, and that isn’t easy, especially now, especially after everything that’s just happened.”
His head drops back, exposing the long line of his throat, making John’s mouth water, and his hips move—just the slightest motion.
Like I said, it’s more to give us a chance to get to know one another, and give you a chance to change your mind if you want.”
After what seems like ages, during which he almost falls asleep twice, he hovers over the screen until the seekbar appears.
You’re already languishing far behind where your brother was at your age, a whole summer wasted in that hospital, and all for nothing.
He can see a little of the mad, gorgeous genius he fell in love with rising to the surface, and it gives him hope for the first time since all this mess started, because the only way they are going to get out of this alive is if they work together.
“You can’t possibly expect me to have unravelled the whole of it in a single afternoon, when all of the local police, and London beside, haven’t been able to do half as much in five times the number of days!”
Sherlock grins, and John thinks he wants to kiss him and punch him all at once, and isn’t that just them all wrapped up in a nutshell.
He scrambles beneath the covers, scrambles out of his trousers, out of his pants, grabs the pillow behind him, and lays down, pulls it next to his body, thrusts into his fist.
John clearly likes the cases, in general, but Sherlock thinks he is more than capable of making those little outings safe without the appearance of being too much so.
John can hardly understand it, starts to think that maybe he doesn’t really know Sherlock as well as he thought.
Sherlock pulls back a little, and lets his eyes wander, pulling in data from John’s facial expressions, to his flushed cheeks, his pinched brow, his tense body and flagging erection.
He stokes the fire in the bedroom hearth, burned down to mere coals now, and then slips into some warm socks and pulls a dressing gown over his pyjamas before going downstairs to investigate further.
She’d found a ladybug in his hair once, and ever since then it’s been a little inside joke with them.
Sherlock slides his hand over John’s, and John hadn’t realised how cold he was until the warmth of Sherlock’s large, warm hand surrounds his small, icy one.
My errors put you in a position where you—where you were forced to submit to a horrible humiliation, and I couldn’t just walk away from that as though it didn’t happen.”
His hands are shaking, he stuffs them under his thighs, sees John glance over at him out of the corner of his eye, a slight wrinkle forming at his brow.
He’s fully clothed, and Sherlock is completely naked, and the whole thing is odd, and hot, and slightly disorienting, but he’s still so hard he can barely stand it, and he wonders if that is a part of it too, if Sherlock wants to be the one to loose him, to bring him relief.
He has his back to the room, and can hear John moving about, doing the dishes, making himself a cup of tea, settling into his chair by the fire.
John thinks of a cold night in the desert, the way James had ordered him sharp and clear, how he’d moved to disobey, the first and only time.
Sherlock is panicking, which means he won’t be thinking straight, which means there are bound to be mistakes, misunderstandings.
John’s eyes are glazed, his breathing shallow, his cock hard and leaking.  Sherlock reaches for it. Everything is slick and aching. John tightens around him again, when he gives it a long, languorous pull.  And Sherlock moves then, without thinking, his hips arch upward, driving him deeper, and John shouts, and then moans, and then reaches for the hand Sherlock has around his cock, and removes it, meshes their fingers together instead.  “Can’t have you doing that. Not going to last.”
He kisses back, and arches his hips upward, but Sherlock shifts, manages to part his legs and pin them down and apart denying him the friction he needs.
The fire in the bedroom hearth is warm, and John feels drowsy and content in his spot on the carpet in front of it.
He knows that John is still struggling to find his feet as a civilian, that he needs to feel valued, needed, even wanted perhaps.
John’s cheeks flush crimson under his gaze, but he holds it, even as he slips back inside Sherlock’s body, and finds the same magical spot he had been teasing before.
He heads upstairs with Rosie, dresses her carefully, even as he can hear John tearing about a floor below like a small hurricane.
He pushes John’s thighs back, scoots forward, and presses himself up against John’s hole with a shudder.
His anger seemed not to faze her, her manner appeared to diffuse some of whatever it was he was feeling.
John tightens his grip for a moment, and then lets go, moves his hands to Sherlock’s waist, slides them down over his hips and back up again.
He looks down at him, face a mirror of joy and amusement, eyes sparkling, as he pants with exertion.
At the moment he has no idea what they are talking about, but Sherlock is saying something exceptionally serious, and Rosie is listening intently, and then laughing at short intervals.
He stumbles and almost drops his phone, but recovers his footing and continues on, blindly, not even sure if he’s headed in the right direction, but he can hear footsteps slapping against wet stone behind him, so he knows he’s not alone.
“If you think,” he begins with a sort of tight, unsteady calm, “that I am going to just sit here, and do nothing, while you…”
All fantasies, things Sherlock isn’t even sure if he would like in reality, but the thought of which keep the embers of his desire glowing hot, flickering up now and again as Sherlock experimentally flexes his pubococcygeus, feels his cock twitch in response, and John stir.
He does eat, and shower, and even shaves, and then he sits and stares, and stares, and stares at his laptop.
John does, and Sherlock now has enough room to lie on his belly, if he keeps his legs bent at the knees.
An answering one twitches at the corners of John’s mouth, too, and then they’re both chuckling over the whole affair.
And when they both settle, he reaches out and traces a line from John’s shoulder, down his arm, over his hip, and then dips his hand down to cup his arse, and pull their bodies close.
Sherlock hooks another finger around John’s, and John slides his hand into his, meshes their fingers together and squeezes.
Sherlock covers the plate with kitchen foil, and listens to John whispering to Rosie on the baby monitor.
True, John is strong, the doctor and the soldier in him used to death and loss, and it is likely he pulled himself up by his bootstraps and got on with life in very short order after Sherlock left.
They stay like that much longer than they have any business doing, and when they finally hear Mrs. Hudson’s familiar ‘Woo hoo!” on the stairs, they have to scramble apart and try to pull themselves together enough to be presentable.
And John loves him so much in this moment, with the cold salt hair whipping his curls back from his face, and his cheeks pink, and his gloved hands holding fast to his, that he reaches up and pulls him down, and kisses him deep and full in the wide open air, beneath the clear blue sky, with other locals and a few brave tourists starting to brave the cold with children and pets of their own.
Sherlock presses him against the wall when they they get through the front door, and kisses him thoroughly, kisses him until John is breathless, and tingling with warmth and emotion, and then they go upstairs to tea, and a warm fire in the hearth, and Sherlock playing John a variety of pieces on his violin, trying to narrow down what it is John likes.
He couldn't even remember when he'd stopped remembering. Whether it was when Sherlock slowly started becoming the more relevant person in his life again or when Mary had tried to take that relevance away from him. Whether it was because his memory was becoming bad because he was becoming older or because he just no longer wanted to remember.
"John, what's going on? You're scaring me." Sherlock was fearful and probably for the first time in life was at a loss for what to do. He'd never seen this side of him before.
"What? John?" he was looking down at him with a mixture of probable concern for John's health and, was that...terror?
He was finally facing him again now, and John staggered those last few mountain-like steps until he was right in front of him. With his hands strained against his knees he struggled for breath. The weight of what he was about to say was almost crippling.
Despite being able to breathe for a split second, the sudden convergence of tears soon put a stop to that. "Don't go."
"Hello John," Sherlock stated cooly without tearing his eyes away from the book. John raised an eyebrow and glanced at the amount of pupils around them that were still making their way to class.
Without even noticing, they'd both somehow made it up the stairs to 221b. She guided him to his chair and he instead chose to collapse into Sherlock's. He was able to smell the other man's scent on it. John tried to sink inside its leather skin.
And even after all of that Sherlock had still found it in himself to have the emotional capability to kill another human being for her.
John could feel his lip begin to tremble, so bit the inside of his cheek. He would be dead in six months. That thought alone made him suicidal.
"I've told you everything you need to know, surely you can get the rest on your own? Or do you need me to knock on the sister-in-law's door and arrest her myself?" he asked with frustrated sarcasm.
"Oh, I don't think it's that bad. The lessons are still just as entertaining." If not even more, John wanted to add.
John was clinging to every word like a man who'd been in a desert for days clung to the idea of finding water. He clung to his phone the same way.
John let out a breath. Then felt himself sway on the spot slightly. He shook his head to rid himself of whatever fear had taken hold of his bones so his brain could scream at his legs to just go.
John smiled lovingly as he fed Sherlock a piece of Cheesecake, watching as the wind whipped at his boyfriend's dark curls. As much as he disliked the forbidden forest, John found that it was much like Defence against the Dark Arts. When Sherlock was there with him, it became one of his favourite places.
For now it was only the two of them and they would both cling to that 'for now' moment for as long as humanly possible. For now, nothing and no one else mattered.
"John?" Mrs. Hudson's chripy voice greeted him at the door. She was always so pleased to see him. He missed that. She must have seen the tear tracks on his face. "Oh, what's wrong, dear?" She automatically pulls her into a motherly hug. He automatically starts to cry again.
It was true that the drugs enabled him to see everything up close in ways that sobriety just could not, but right now all's the Detective could see was grey. Nothing was in colour. The usual blues and reds of a hostess' uniform was now a dull silver. Everything was dark. His insides were dark. His whole existence was now. Another thing drugs had a tendency to do was make him feel. As in, truly
He saw Mycroft look over Sherlock's shoulder at their arrival and nod to the Detective. Mary's arm linked into his as the man turned and began to walk with Mycroft in tow towards them and John was so repulsed by the movement that he jerked her off and signalled for her to stay there, choosing to meet them half way instead.
"Mycroft. We have to go." She must have asked him to clarify more than once because she was now at his side putting her coat on.
Never let it be said that Sherlock Holmes had not been forced to make hard decisions. Even though he gave off the aura of being the type of person who always thought of anything and everything before acting, his list of regrets were actually in the thousands. He could think of a few notable examples. Unknowingly insulting Molly. Not reaching Mrs. Hudson before the American agents assaulted her. Putting his parents through all forms of hell with his drug habits. Those were minor regrets - but still make the list all the same. He would always chuckle at the thought of Mycroft's list. Their relationship had never been the emotional sort, and his brother had never expressed any interest in vocalising actions he felt remorseful for - but Sherlock guessed that it was a lot bigger than a mere 'file'. But with all of these minor regrets, the major ones where what kept him awake at night. Not being able to say goodbye to his old dog Redbeard. Having to leave John for two years after faking his suicide. Not telling John
He couldn't picture them become serious enough to move in together. He pictured him and Sherlock playing Cluedo in 221b instead.
"Just here then?" John asked hopefully, pointing to a nice spot still well in the clearing. He'd never been a fan of the forest.
They'd obviously argued in the car. He'd felt lost and too exhausted to talk about his confession, no matter how much she'd pressed him. He'd thought she was even going to crash the car at one point from how much venom she was spitting. The Doctor had told her to stop the car. He'd got out and started walking and she hadn't tried to coax him back in, driving off into the busy 5pm roads of London. He'd proceeded to walk to Baker Street instead of going home, as he'd realised he wasn't too far.
When John got home, Amelie ran to where he stood at the doorway to the living room and engulfed him in a huge hug. "How'd it go?"
"You think that this behaviour is acceptable do you? A child of her age should not be encouraged to use such language!"
He nodded, knowing he had the goofiest smile on his face. "This is it." He took one of Sherlock's hands and placed it to his lips, kissing each one of his fingers.
Sherlock had almost fallen when he'd stumbled away from John's outstretched fingers. Almost fallen again on his way up the stairs of the plane. He did fall when he got to the seats, collapsing into one by a window. He dared not look out. This was a perfect time to have slipped into the deepest and darkest segment of his mind palace. He did try. But no matter how many times he could feel himself beginning to escape - invisible hands would drag him back out by his curls, forcing him to face reality. He could feel himself shaking and sweating - the ugly warmth of the tears he'd shed on the tarmac tingling the skin at the bottom of his cheeks. The hostess sitting across from him had already stopped trying to talk and was now staring at him with obvious concern. She didn't know anything about the line of cocaine he'd snorted in the restroom of the Diogenes Club ten minutes prior to John and Mary's arrival. Nobody did. Nor did she know about the her husband who had yet to divorce his ex.
He tries to say those all important words but when he next opens his mouth all's he seems to muster up is a pathetic: "I can't think of a single thing to say."
"Okay. You and me. This is it?" That childlike voice was back, almost asking for John's confirmation. The Doctor was surprised he still needed it.
Tears definitely started to prickle in the corners of his eyes at that and he could taste blood from all that cheek biting. But if John had thought the final straw would come in him holding Sherlock's hand for the first and last time, or the clinging for dear life he got from Sherlock, or even the glint in the Detective's ocean blue eyes as he gave a salute to their "best of times" - he would have been very wrong.
He looked into Sherlock's eyes, which were staring wide back into his own. John knew he was searching to see whether he was lying as the frown and nervousness was still there. But after about ten seconds, Sherlock's face broke out into a huge smile and he leant down to kiss John, who met him half way. They sat there in that position tasting each other until unconsciousness from loss of breath actually became a possibility. They broke apart and let their foreheads rest against each other.
Sherlock laughed and nodded, and reached into the basket for another sandwich, making sure that their hands stayed conjoined throughout the rest of the picnic.
"I love you too. And I'm never letting you go again." And John knew it was a promise he would die before he'd break.
"I- I have to get on the plane." John's heart nearly started to drown as he felt his best friend try to tug his hands away.
He needed to act. And act now. So, he took hopefully the last deep breath that he would need to take for a lifetime and closed his eyes. If being high aided in his thoughts and feelings then hopefully they would be good for him after all. He highly doubted it.
Flames ignited inside both of their bodies, engulfing them in a blinding glow. Their hands clung to each other as if to try and prevent themselves from drowning, even though both knew they just might if they didn't come up for air soon. Neither cared. Both men were crying again and neither cared about that either. They instead chose to taste each other's tears. Neither Doctor nor Detective ever wanted to be further apart than the small space currently between them ever again.
John had never seen that pale face with eyes so full of colour and emotion and yet his insides felt as if he were burning alive. "Sherlock?"
"John?" It had been only a few seconds after the beep. "It's me. I'm back on the plane and...and I just feel awful." The plane had been in the air for just under five minutes now. He didn't allow himself to think as he carried on talking. "This isn't how I wanted things to end with us. It's just that I wasn't expecting you to shout me back, and then all of a sudden you're there saying all of these things. And...and now I'm just sitting here and thinking of all of the things that I should have said and I didn't." Yet another deep breath. He ran his fingers through his curls. Then clenched his eyes shut. There were tears there again and right now they needed to not be.
"The sister-in-law is your murderer Lestrade," Sherlock stated matter-of-factly with a grin. "Obviously it would be someone the victim knew going by the fact that there was no struggle and they had willingly invited them into their home. She felt that Mr Garrett drove her husband to commit suicide with all of the financial trouble he was getting himself and his brother into with his drug addiction, so waited until he'd fallen asleep and injected him with enough heroin to cause a fatal overdose. Revenge is sweet, isn't it?"
"Don't be silly, McGonagall likes me far too much for that. And Pomfrey adores it when you help out in the hospital wing. She would never allow it." John stumbled slightly down the hill but Sherlock grabbed hold of his hand and steadied him, not letting go for the rest of the way. John squeezed Sherlock's fingers tightly as they walked past Hagrid's hut and into the dark, tree-filled abyss.
"I have to see you! I have to get off the plane!" the crushing sense of joy that had hit John like a bus suddenly started ebbing away again.
"The game is never over, John," Sherlock replied sharply. "...but there may be some new players now. That's okay. The East Wind takes us all in the end."
"Ah, here we are," Sherlock stopped, pointing his wand to a large space surrounded by a circle of trees.
"Hold up, I'll give you a lift!" Lestrade stated as Sherlock had begun to walk along the street to summon a taxi.
He sat back on the edge of his seat in defeat. But then in a second he decided to seize the opportunity he'd been given, for he'd been given the amazing ability to say
"Oh my God." John didn't know who it was who said that...it could have been every single person in Clementine Fields and it could also have been just him. He didn't care. He needed to say this and he needed to say all of it.
Not ten minutes into him sitting in his Detective's chair does he ruffle into his pocket for his mobile. He would easily have sat slumped in the chair for days without either eating or speaking but some sort of inner instinct was telling him to take it out of his pocket.
Before John could reply, his blue eyes rested upon a tall figure leaning against one of the pillars with an open Arthimancy textbook in one hand and a basket in the other - those eyes which John had many times stared into longingly were skimming rapidly along the page, making sure that no words were missed. John was vaguely aware that Greg was still speaking, but he didn't process a single word. He gave him a quick "See you later," and immediately made his way over to his boyfriend.
John couldn't find it in himself to go back home with his wife. After he'd slowly slumped back to where she was standing, snivelling and with tears staining his face, he knew he couldn't even attempt it. And not even for her sake. It was for his.
The Detective gritted his teeth and let out a frustrated moan. "What've they accused her of this time, it's only their fault if they're all too stupid to keep up with her."
. But out of that whole list...of all the things he'd ever done, or probably ever would do for that matter - leaving John stood in the middle of a runway crying after just telling him he was in love with him was by far the hardest thing he had ever done.
. His breathing sounded like he'd just ran a marathon as he finally got a solid grip on his phone. Unlocking it, he frantically got to John's number and pressed 'Call'.
After a few seconds, John mustered up all the strength of a soldier and conjured up any and all amount of air he could. His jaw was in agony from preventing the crying so he just abandoned the whole cheek-biting fiasco and allowed himself to completely and utterly lose it.
It took them less than thirty minutes to get to the destination Mycroft had specified and they were met with one of his cars. And a plane. A small one, meaning that it wasn't fit for many people. No more than twenty. Private - one of Mycroft's.
if she believes that that is what a person is. I assure you, Ms. Abercombe - her skills of deduction are very sharp."
A wise man once told him that bitterness is a paralytic, but John couldn't help but have such thoughts. He'd told Mary he'd forgiven her at the Holmes' but he just couldn't. He'd tried. And tried. And tried again. But everything she'd done, to him, to Sherlock could never and would never be forgiven.
It had felt like months before he eventually trudged up to the steps of Baker Street. His feet had felt as if they were caked in cement, as if something didn't want him there. Now, stood outside the door with his fist brought up to the wood, he could barely find the strength to knock. The cold air was whipping at his skin like ice. It hurt, and helped him make the choice on whether to go in or walk around aimlessly for a few hours easier.
He'd seen it take off as Mary had driven them away. Then John heard an air hostess tell Sherlock he couldn't leave.
John’s hair is a riot, his cheeks flushed pink and eyes still heavy with sleep, and his warm skin glows in the morning light.
It only takes him minutes to prepare the food once he’s home, and he sinks gratefully into his desk chair, and tucks in with relish, as he pops in the new wireless earbuds he’d also bought on a whim, and presses play on Sherlock’s new video.
And sometimes, on rare occasions, when one or the other of them has been lost and floundering, or just particularly wound up, there have been shared touches, kisses, whispers in the dark.
Sherlock’s eyes explore every inch of his face, and then he is surging forward, kissing John with a depth and intensity that takes his breath away.
In the beginning there had been purpose to keep driving him, the need to eradicate Moriarty’s far flung network of hackers, thieves, and assassins, to sever every last thread of the vast web he had built up throughout Eastern Europe and Asia.
It takes him a minute to recover, but when he does he realises Sherlock is still lying there bound, and blindfolded, and he’s trembling.
“Yes, you’re very mature, Watson, but your legs are still shorter than ours, which means you have to move them twice as quickly to keep up, and you’re bound to get tired.
There is a ridiculous amount of traffic as they turn onto Praed Street, and John leans forward to address their cabbie.
Sherlock shakes his head, and John smiles, struggles with his spats and boots, and finally gets out of his trousers and coat, tossing them across the room in frustration.
At least a handful, and it was always natural, almost easy in it’s rightness, but this—John initiating, John touching him—it’s almost unprecedented.
In days past these would be the sorts of stretches that would crawl under Sherlock’s skin and test him to the breaking point.  Mediocre cases. Damp, grey, endless stretches of boredom. The itch for stimulation.
He flips through the channels until he finds some inane sitcom, and then turns the volume down low, leans back, and lets his eyes slide shut.
Marco excuses himself, and Sherlock stares over at John as he hurriedly piles a cracker with cheese and tapenade.
And so he is quiet and still as the sodden countryside races by outside the window, illuminated only by the first grey light of dawn.
He screws his eyes shut, and stands still for a moment, bracing himself against the door jamb, telling himself he’s being ridiculous, reminding himself of the symptoms of rigor mortis.
He makes the most embarrassing sound, hears Sherlock exhale at it, like he’s just had the wind knocked out of him, and then Sherlock surges forward, climbs on top of him, and pins his wrists to the bed.
The train is only moderately full, but every ringing mobile, every child’s cry, every cough, seems to set his brain to buzzing.
He walks back to the other side of the bed, pulls off his belt, and toes off his shoes, but leaves the rest of his clothes on as he crawls onto the bed and pulls the bedspread up from the foot of the bed, to cover himself.
If he does have a wank it’s usually in the shower, or quick and angry leaning up against the wall or sprawled out on his bed, and he does it dry, so it hurts a little, so it reminds him not to like it too much, not to…
He tosses the cigarette butt into the cold night air, watches it plunge downward and extinguish itself beneath the murky depths.
He rolls his shoulders a little betraying his own aches and pains, and then takes a deep breath and lets it out with contented sigh.
“You can tell me to stop…” murmured again, deep and clear this time, a sound that John feels in his gut and sinew.
The copper pipes knock in the walls as they heat, and Sherlock steps gratefully under the steaming flow, so hot it almost scalds.
“It means, that whether I like it or not, you have become a potent and engrossing little diversion for my brother, and if anyone can drag his attention away from Moriarty, it’s you.”
It’s practically pain at this point, and good as John feels—hot, and tight, and slick around him—he needs to come.
Sherlock sets his mug down on the bedside table and crawls back under the inviting weight and warmth of the five blankets John had piled on the bed at some point.
He’s twined close enough to John that he knows he must feel it, and sure enough, after a moment John breaks away with a moan and rocks against Sherlock’s thigh, his hands knotting into fists in the thin cotton of Sherlock’s T-shirt.
He thinks he should warn John, but he knows that if he says anything, John will stop, and he doesn’t want him to stop.
Lestrade fishes a donut out of the box in front of him and then hands the box across the desk to John, who takes one, and then leans back in his chair.
Sherlock lifts his hand to his nose in shock, at the proclamation, and then lets it drop again, when he sees John’s tired smile.
A muscle in John’s jaw twitches, he hesitates and swallows once, before nodding and wordlessly taking the toast.
He takes a good sip before setting it down again, and leaning back a little, chopsticks hovering over his bowl of noodles.
John must be looking confused, because Mike drops his eyes to his lap, and huffs out a small laugh before looking up again.
But the jawline is still strong, he can see the cleft in his chin again, and most importantly it’s John—his John, the one so familiar and dear it aches deep inside him like an old wound.
It sends an electric frisson of anticipation and desire racing over Sherlock’s skin, through his veins.
Perhaps John will deign to continue on with the cases.  That would be something.  Not enough, but better than nothing.
Or rather a dirty mattress on the floor of an abandoned boat house on the banks of the Cam, where they’d both snuck off to shoot up.
John is quiet for a long time, so long Sherlock wonders if he is just going to choose to ignore the question.
“Sorry, must have missed that between you turning up unannounced, telling me my bum leg is all in my head, and labelling me a whore.”
Sherlock makes the lovely throat sound again, and John can almost picture him, pale and naked, hand moving beneath the sheets, head thrown back and curls fanned out over the pillow.
He sounds afraid, all his confidence of a few moments ago, disappearing on the crest of those words.
Sherlock’s cock gives an interested twitch under the blanket, and John looks down at it, and then back up with a mischievous glint in his eye.
Sherlock’s hands come to rest on John’s hips, and he rests his cheek against John’s hipbone for a moment like he’s taking in all the details, planning his approach, and John can feel tears in his eyes, biting at the corners, hot, overflowing to run down over his temples and soak into the pillow beneath.
They drive in silence for a few more minutes, and then Sherlock nods toward the hotel approaching just ahead.
Sherlock dips down and captures John’s lips with his own, feels John light up, and surge against him, hears him moan, whine, a gorgeous, strangled-sounding thing at the back of his throat as his hands slide under and around Sherlock’s waist and pull him close, closer, as close as he possibly can.
Just to wipe the cobwebs from his brain, just to help him find his next distraction, and to quell the unceasing ache and longing in blood and bone.
He’s like that these days, quiet and withdrawn much of the time, some days trembling with barely repressed rage that seems to rise out of nowhere.  Sherlock has learned to give him space, to diffuse it when it comes.
Looks around the room, murmurs the name of items aloud, names the men in his regiment, counts backwards from fifty.
He’s wanted, oh how he’s wanted, but it was a dream, a fantasy, nothing he ever thought might actually materialise.
He gets no reply, but at 18:20 a key turns in the lock, and John comes in looking ragged, and tired, and at least 10 years older than he had the week before.
Sherlock moves on, traces the backs of his knuckles over John’s belly, it’s soft and nearly hairless, his chest too.
All he knows is that of all the things he’s turned to to feel steady enough to keep on breathing, none of them have ever grounded him as firmly, made him feel quite as high, endangered his health, or filled him up quite as much as the man perched on the edge of the mattress beside him.
The door to the loo, swings open, and Sherlock appears, a pale, naked streak across the room, as he shuts the window, and then hurriedly crawls back into bed.
Well over two years before, waiting for John to come back to their shared room, and their shared bed on a case in Dartmoor.
When Sherlock looks up, he looks guilty, but John knows he wanted John to find it.  John did, so he wanted it to happen.
Sherlock wraps his dressing gown more tightly around his shoulders, and stares down at the abandoned street below.
When I wasn’t the prodigy Mummy had hoped for, I was simply a disappointment, something to be dealt with, trained, made as ‘normal’ as possible.
The windows rattle in their ancient frames, and the wind whistles through the cracks, and Sherlock shivers.
“Last year at your birthday I got thinking how we’re not getting any younger, how my family doesn’t have the best track record when it comes to longevity, how the clock was ticking, and how I was wasting so much time, how I’ve wasted my whole life, maybe, and I—I told myself that I was going to start saying the stuff that mattered.
“Yes, well--they’re already a sight, and the added weight of all this snow may finish them off completely.
Do you want to continue on with this relationship as we currently have it arranged, or is this thing I’ve done too egregious to make that possible?
It’s the most beautiful thing John’s ever heard, the way Sherlock says his name, like he’s a little astonished, a little overwhelmed, and desperately, desperately hungry.
The real world is something he will need to face soon enough, and he would rather keep it at bay as long as possible.
whispered a mere breath away from his lips, from sleep-stale breath, and long, dark lashes, fanned out over pale skin smattered lightly with faint freckles now summer is almost here, from crinkles at the corners of eyes that are still the bright, unfathomable kaleidoscope they were the day they met.
Sherlock’s weight shifts back against his thighs even more, as his hands loose John’s wrists, slide down his arms, and come to rest on his waist.
Takes a photo every sixty seconds, which means someone broke in, came in and splashed some paint around and got out all in less than sixty seconds.
From this vantage point it is a deep pock with keloid scars radiating out from the centre where the flesh was obviously cut into more than once.
His face is burning, and his head is light, and it feels like every drop of blood in his body is racing downward.
That’s up to you to figure out, I just want you—need you to see that I see it, and I don’t ever want to put you in that kind of position again.
He winks, and thrills at the smile that spreads across Sherlock’s face in response, at the way Sherlock’s nails scratch lightly up his back, and his thigh presses teasingly between John’s legs.
“John, it is true that gay and bisexual men have historically been subjected to higher than normal levels of prejudice and violence.
It purrs and rubs in circles around his legs, and then keeps trotting to the front door of its house expecting to be let in.
He practically launches himself into the backseat to find the lube in his overnight bag, and proceeds to give Sherlock an earth-shattering hand job where he sits, while simultaneously wanking himself to completion in the drivers seat beside him.
They reach the end of the village’s tiny excuse for a high street where the finer gravel of the village road dissolves into coarse gravel and dirt.
His voice is soft, his face stricken, and John hates, he hates with a hate stronger than anything he’s ever felt, that they are doing this to him.
He should be terrified, but there is still that camera between them, the distance of miles between them.
This is the abduction of the only child of one of the wealthiest and most influential men in England.
He takes little snippets of video there as well, the wind in the bare branches, the ducks on the pond, a caterpillar inexplicably making its way down the newly warmed paths.
Sherlock breathes, moves, and John watches, flushed and fond, as Sherlock’s cock gives a twitch of interest.
Sherlock is shaking in the seat beside him, now, like he’s spent all night out in the damp and cold, and is chilled to the bone.
They pull up in front of the small brick cottage, and Sherlock nods toward the house with a hesitant grin.
Because in the end it had felt as though he had been anything but, as though he had failed him in every way you could fail a friend.
John looks stunned that the words have actually come out of his mouth, and Sherlock feels like he’s seeing him in new light.
Those who let it over the next few weeks will assume the owners decorated for them, and by the time the owners figure it out, they won’t have a clue which of their many lodgers were the ones who put it all up.”
He sucks in a sharp breath, lets it out again, and then the corners of his mouth twitch, and he shakes his head, and huffs, and grins.
Sherlock sounds amused as he reaches down to pet one that seems particularly interested in his buttons.
John crashes against him, his hand still moving between their bodies, but now Sherlock realises that John has himself in hand, slick with everything Sherlock had just spent between them.
He speaks slowly, and with an even drawl that suggests he thinks Sherlock’s brain to be damaged in some way.
He’s getting close—fast, and John is right there along side, wanking furiously, while Sherlock thrusts in and out of him, rocks against him, pants out his name like it’s a prayer and he’s desperate for salvation.
John backs Sherlock against the wall, presses their bodies together, lets Sherlock feel the consequences of his fucking game, but Sherlock only smiles down at him, something soft, but also…
And it’s all because Sherlock is such an utterly hopeless mess, a horrifying facsimile and excuse for a human being, and John has every right, every right to…
You’re getting water all over the floor, and you’ll flood downstairs, and wash poor Mrs. Hudson into the Thames.”
It’s soft, and deep, and tender, and John melts with relief until he hears the ping of metal hitting hardwood, and pulls back.
The blanket follows, draped carefully over Sherlock’s still shivering frame, before John finally deposits himself on the bench beside him, close enough that their thighs press together, close enough that Sherlock can feel John’s heat.
Sherlock moans John’s name aloud, and is shocked at how the sound of his own voice, rough and wrecked with pleasure, seems to stoke the flames of desire even higher.
Nicer still is Sherlock climbing back on top of him, lying down, the full weight of him pushing John into the mattress, lying there, breathing in tandem until he feels himself come back into his body again.
John’s fingers are smaller and shorter than his, but he is hitting Sherlock at angles he never could have hit himself, and he seems to have a great deal of skill, because his finger is already curling just a little, and oh.
For all his feigned confidence when it comes to his ‘profession’, John is clearly someone unaccustomed to real intimacy.
John’s breath catches, and so he keeps going, drags the tips of his fingers up his forearm, down again.
There is so much Sherlock wants to say, but his head is spinning, and his stomach churning, and there is still wave, after wave of anxiety coursing through his veins.
When he falls back in step beside him, John blinks up in the bright morning sun and nudges his arm a little with his shoulder.
He’s giving him the look that means he wishes John would just quit the surgery altogether—an all too familiar look, of late.
The patter of the rain outside is a comfort rather than reminder of his own misery, the sound of John’s breathing and the warmth of his body just behind him is an anchor.
They lie in silence for some time.  When John finally sighs, and Sherlock speaks.  “Would you let me…” He thinks for a moment. “Would you let me decide, John.  Could you trust me to do that? With the option of stopping whenever you wish, of course.”
What had happened in the garden earlier, what had happened between them in the kitchen only moments before, all of it is something Sherlock could only hope and dream of up to now.
Rosie is starting to make more of a fuss now that her usual morning chatter hasn’t produced a single member of the household.
He’s almost asleep when he feels Sherlock’s breath on his his cheek, and a deep, sonorous voice gentles him back from the brink.
“Mmm, if I couldn’t be an era defining genius like my brother, she hoped I would be a prodigy and go into the arts like her mother.
His thumb trembles, and he scrolls down to the last text he’d sent Wiggins, opens it and then squeezes his eyes shut, and tosses the phone onto his bed with a sigh.
And Sherlock can’t make words, so he simply slides his hands down John’s back, wraps his arms around his waist, kisses his forehead, and hopes John understands that it’s been the same for him, that he has missed John every second of every day that he felt a rift between them, or when John had retreated within himself, trying desperately not to care so much, not to set himself up for hurt.
Shut yourselves away for at least a week, and then maybe—go on holiday somewhere, until all this blows over.”
Food will be last, and John is tempted to spend longer in what is sure to be an overly crowded Tesco just out of spite.
“After the first year, I begged Mummy to not make me come back, but they were old when they had me, and they were too tired to have a child as troublesome as me about the house.
John combs the hair back from Sherlock’s forehead, looks up at him, flush-faced, brows knit, breath coming in shallow pants.
They’d eaten the food, and everyone had laughed, and good-heartedly declared, ‘how Sherlock!’ and they’d carried on.
He flops back in the seat and curls away from John, tucking into himself, forehead pressed against the window.
John shivers again as the sensation echoes against his back, between his shoulder blades up, up, up his spine to the nape of his neck, tingles across his scalp.
He cards his fingers into Sherlock’s hair, fists a handful of curls and pulls, firm, and steady, and even.
It’s supposed to get up in the mid twenties this afternoon, and here you are plodding around the back country in a full suit and wool coat.”
They are both already hard, moving against one another, like the the crash of morning waves against the shore.
He grips the back of the chair, either side of John’s shoulders, white-knuckled, and shudders, and then collapses, full-weight against John’s chest, face buried in his hair, just behind his neck.
John is tucked into Sherlock’s bed, and it is only after Sherlock gets to the foyer and is showing the doctor out, that he realises it is the same man that had attended him two days prior at his brother’s office.
John’s head snaps around to stare at him again, and Sherlock glances over briefly, takes in the surprise and something else too, something that reminds him of their old days together, something that almost looks like awe.
He presses a button on his desk, and then leans forward, hands clasped upon the desktop, eyes steely and serious.
John reaches down and takes his hand, waits for him, watches the cogs of his brain whir and click until a wrinkle forms between his brows and his eyes fill, and he seems to notice John standing in front of him, holding on.
It won’t help anything if he loses it now, collapses into a pathetic, slavering mess out here in the open where Sherlock’s meddling arse of a brother probably has a million eyes.
John moans, his hands dropping to the rise of Sherlock’s arse, just below his belt, fingers flexing, scrambling, but not quite taking hold.
You know about my profession, and you clearly already know that I am the most unpleasant, rude, ignorant and all-round obnoxious arsehole that anyone could possibly have the misfortune to meet.
It’s like the fog of pain he’d slipped in and out of for two months in an army hospital when his shoulder had gone bad after a shoddy surgery and a series of infections, except this is as much pleasure as it is pain.
And John does get better—physically at least.  His leg heals. His cast is removed leaving his leg aching and weak.  He has good days, and bad days, but on the good ones he allows Sherlock to help him with the exercises the physical therapist, an old friend of Sherlock’s mother, suggested.  He goes out for walks. Often he can only make it a short distance down the gravel drive, but over time, he manages to go further, and further, until after several months he is walking almost as well as he did before, with the exception of a slight limp whenever the weather turns.
It’s not in his profile, and true, John hasn’t watched all his videos, but everyone else refers to him as SensoryScience.
After he feels some of anxiety from the newness and weirdness of the situation dissipate, he takes a deep breath and reaches up to rub a hand over his chest, down over his abdomen, back up again.
Sherlock scrambles to his feet, and then stands, arms limp at his sides and stares down at John’s face, fierce and fond, hungry and haunted all at once.
He leans in until his nose is brushing the fine hairs at John’s temple, until his lips are ghosting over John’s cheek.
Sherlock looks down at her, at her eyes clouded with genuine concern, and her blouse stained with icing, and some strange toddler yanking at her trouser leg, and he smiles.
It looks a little silly, but he is already starting kiss the insides of John’s thighs, to press his nose into the crease where leg meets pelvis and breathe deep.
Sherlock seems furious, and John is downright worried now, worried to speak up, to explain the truth, but…
John looks down at the paper, and then tucks it in his pocket before taking a sip of what turns out to be truly awful coffee.
John is looking at him like there is so much more he wants to say, like maybe he knows all the things Sherlock has been thinking and feeling these last few weeks, like maybe he’s been feeling them too, like maybe—maybe he wants to do something about it.
Others, Sherlock included, use their mobile phones to light their way as they push through the cramped, damp passages of the cave.
Sherlock is met with a very irked carer when his cab finally skids to a halt in front of the school an hour past his time, and all his best excuses and well-practiced charm do nothing to assuage her bitter feelings, or propensity to lecture.
There’s a clatter of something falling into the empty tub, and then a low, fierce ejaculation of frustration.
He sees the battle it is for John, to nod, to accept, to lay himself bare, literally and figuratively.
“You don’t have to say anything, and we don’t have to talk about this ever again, but I’ve had a long time to sit with this, and I know what I know.
Kisses him like maybe he can press the knowing of it into John’s skin, rewire his heart, and head, and crack him open enough to let some of it in.
It’s laced through with nerves, and the sourness he can feel churning in his belly, it chases words from his throat that he wishes he could stop even before they’ve passed his lips.
John frowns, reaches down and throws the rainbow afghan draped over the sofa’s arm over Sherlock’s head, as he walks past.
He’s more sturdy than Sherlock imagined, too, more solid and muscled than his outward appearance suggests.
When they get halfway through the meal Sherlock sets down his pla choo chee, and stares around himself.
He thumbs open his recent calls and is just about to tap on Sherlock’s number when the mobil buzzes in his hand.
When they finally come back up for air, Sherlock feels a like he may just have his legs under him again.
The smile that spreads across John’s face, is wide and bright, and his eyes look suspiciously full.  “Too right.  I’m starving.”
John’s thumb slides across the back of his hand, and he lifts his other to smooth through Sherlock’s hair.
Sherlock pushes past him, into the relative shelter of the office, and hopes that John is following.
There’s a certain soothing familiarity in it now, those lovely hands smoothing over the pages, that deep, warm voice that always seems to unknot something inside him, and melt away all the cares of the day.
“The first time he hit me, that I remember anyway, it was because I didn’t want to eat my peas at supper.
No guarantees about tomorrow, but right now, right here, I’m in bed with probably the most gorgeous, most brilliant, most amazing bloke I’ve ever known, and there are loads of things I’d rather be doing with him, than talking about all the ways his poncey brother thinks we’ll fall apart.”
And when he finally glances over in irritation, he’s met with the cold, black gaze of a slight, fair, dark-haired cabbie.
Every muscle tense, perfectly still save for his lungs, his ribs contracting and expanding in a heady rhythm that makes Sherlock’s body itch to move and match it.
And now here he is, the same thing as always, and Sherlock’s not done a thing but be charming, and gracious, and lovely, from the very beginning, and here John is leading him on.
In June there had been the suggestion from Ella, that perhaps Sherlock join John for a session or two, and Sherlock had agreed to, and they had gone together.
He gives his hips a gentle squeeze until Sherlock’s chin drops and eyes pop open to look back down at him.
But it’s still somehow managing to light a fire brighter than anything John has ever felt beneath his skin.
John doesn’t say anything, just turns and heads for the kitchen, in silence, fuming, thinking of all the ways he’s going to…
He stumbles about in the dark, stubbing his toe so hard on the door jam of the loo that he cries out, before collapsing in a heap on the floor and vomiting violently into the toilet, still gasping for breath, even as he curls into the smallest ball possible on the cold tile.
This is John finally taking the leap and asking for what he wants, and Sherlock desperately wants to get it right, to not make him have to ask for too much.
But John just reaches up and takes his hand, meshes their fingers and keeps doing what he’s been doing until Sherlock can’t fight it anymore, arches his hips up off the bed with a shout, and spills into John’s mouth, pulse after pulse, as the pleasure surges through him, taking his breath away, whiting out his brain.
He rolls over, props himself on one elbow, and presses his lips to one cheek, and hears Sherlock’s breath catch.
And with that he turns, walks across the room, yanks the curtains closed, and then grabs his coat off the bed and leaves.
His cock throbs against the weight of the pillow, and he wonders if he should just take himself in hand and be done with it.
They’re in the garden, the windows and back door of the cottage still open and visible over John’s shoulder.
“But before that.  Before that, too. I…”  John sucks in a stuttering breath.  “It’s not easy for me, letting go. I want to.  With you. I want to, but I…” John’s eyes fill again, and a single tear spills over to hang from the tips of his lashes.  He reaches up and wipes it away almost angrily before rolling off Sherlock and flopping onto his back.
And John suddenly fears he may have overstepped, because Sherlock wants this, wants them, but they’ve not talked about the when of it, or what they will call one another and…
‘Least not like that, not the way you did that night, not where you’re out of my reach and I’m helpless to…”
He holds out a hand for them to stop when he reaches the top, checks the corridor, and then disappears.
This has to be it.  It has to be the right place.  It seems too simple, but then maybe Moriarty was counting on that, counting on him expecting it to be clever, overthinking, missing what was right under his nose all along.
John cries for a long time, and Sherlock holds him, and strokes his hair, and lets the tears join every other part of John’s body that had flooded his tonight.
John scrolls back up through the endless stream of texts and clicks on the link, sticks his headphones in, and snuggles back down under the covers.
He moans, his hands suddenly everywhere, almost frantic, groaning softly, sucking in a breath through clenched teeth anytime a new wave of pleasure grips him.
He hasn’t spent over half a decade in therapy only to be ignorant of when he’s sliding up on an episode, but…
Please note there is a new tag for this chapter: #homophobic language.  This takes place in John's past, and is part of a flashback to something with his father.
John has one hand flung above his head.  His eyes are closed. His face flushed. “Sorry,” he whispers and cracks one eye open.  “Sorry. Just—give me a few and we can do that again.”
The big, lumbering, wall of a man is dressed in a grease-smeared pair of dungarees, their state likely due to the motorcycles he appears to be working on in the shop behind him.
John sighs, and smiles, and leans back against the cushions Sherlock has propped against his back, letting his eyes slide shut.  “Was that obvious, was I?”
“I have notes from John’s other therapist here, she says that John’s said that he disarmed you, but then he let his anger over Mary’s death, and other unresolved issues between you come to a head, and he acted on that anger, and took things much further.
