So, he asks Cas to do it. To hurt him. And Cas’s fist unclenches, and Dean sighs, closes his eyes and prepares for something, anything.
“It felt nice, but it didn’t really appeal to me in the way I assume it appeals to you,” Cas says with a shrug. No harm, no foul. Then, and here’s the kicker, he produces a bag clearly labeled
Pulled back from the edge, Cas groans in frustration, eyes flying open as he realizes what’s happened and eyebrows furrowing. “Dean!”
is revealed that Cas takes a stuttered breath. Dean doesn’t notice, too focused on taking his jeans and underwear off, and then he’s picking up the panties, unaware of Cas’s gaze now desperately trying to avoid Dean’s dick, which he couldn’t help but notice is at least interested, on its way to hard. Then Dean is putting the panties on, shivering when he feels the material slide up his thighs, and flushing when they settle on his hips, cupping his junk in a
He only just gets barely a finger on it when Cas pulls his cock completely out of Dean’s mouth suddenly, having spotted Dean’s wandering hand, startling the hunter. Cas has only pulled out long enough to deliver twin slaps to both of Dean’s cheeks, a warning, before he’s sliding his cock back in to a very lax mouth.
Cas appreciates it, hands tightening in the sheets and whimpering out Dean’s name. It’s weird, but he’ll do it. For Dean.
Dean shifts, trying to get the angle right for working Cas’s cock down his throat, when his own cock-
There was nothing else off. No odd smells, no cold spots (or even hot spots), no sulfur, no nothing. Only when Dean happened to flick his eyes up to meet Cas’s by chance did they realize things were off.
Once Cas starts opening up easy, Dean’s quick to get three fingers inside him, stretching him open and curling, searching inside for the spot he
“Christ,” Dean says roughly, and as soon as Cas is done coming, Dean is reaching for his face with one hand (the non-come-covered one), tilting his head, and landing a kiss on those teeth-bitten lips from Cas trying to keep quiet.
well enough that he doesn’t hear Dean’s usual snores, and turns around, eyes mostly on Dean but still flicking around, watching out for monsters. “You’re not asleep.”
“I know you want to come,” Cas pants, tugging on Dean’s hair as he gets closer. “You don’t get to come until I do, got it?”
Dean actually shouts, hands yanking at the sheets at the sensation and tilting his head to press his face into the pillow, feeling overwhelmed.
Cas is during sex, just unfiltered and unabashed, and Dean is realizing that kissing Cas to shut him up wasn’t doing the trick- a problem when they need to remain undiscovered.
Dean refrains from sliding his hands down his face in stress (mostly because he’s still got the pizzas in his hands) and says, “If you don’t have any money, I guess we’ll have to figure out a different way for you to pay me.”
Cas shushes him, making Dean shift his hips, annoyed, but Cas slides two fingers under the fabric, over the juncture of Dean’s hip and thigh, lifts it up, lets go so it snaps against Dean’s skin. Dean groans, not sure he can take much more of the teasing, almost fully hard at this point. Cas presses a chaste kiss to his collarbone, consoling him almost kindly, before biting down, intending to leave a mark just like the one he left on Dean’s arm.
Cas shifts his hips to slide his cock against the bedsheets, and he moans into Dean’s cock, feeling the soft material against his apparently very hard and needy cock. He’s focused on Dean’s pleasure, though, so he ignores it for the time, furrowing his eyebrows and moving his mouth back to the base of Dean’s cock. At his moan, though, Dean moans in response, feeling the vibrations through the fabric, his cock, up to the base of his spine. Cas takes notice, and moans again, this time into the head of Dean’s cock, and Dean groans out Cas’s name, arches his back.
If Dean were anyone else, he’d be trembling at the look on Cas’s face. As it is, this is Cas. Guy’s all puppy-eyes and sunshine until you piss him off. Which Dean might be doing right now.
“Cas! A little warning!” Dean complains, shifting up to lean on his elbows, feeling just a little vulnerable on his back underneath Cas like that but all it does is bring him closer to the angel’s face.
“I know what you want,” Dean growls, pausing his words to suck yet another mark onto Cas’s neck. “You want me to fuck you against the wall until you come, right? You want me to mark up your neck so everyone knows you’re taken. Bet your boss won’t try asking you out again once she sees you with hickeys all over.”
Dean blinks several times, thinking about how best to explain his kink to the angel. “Well, it’s, uh… I hadn’t thought about it before that. I was 19, though, and Rhonda was
When Cas is done, he carefully pulls out of Dean’s mouth, eyes his lips puffy with abuse and groans, tucking himself back in. “You think you’ve earned the right to come?”
Then Dean is asking, “You want it?” through groans and pants, tugging at Cas’s hair when he doesn’t respond immediately. Cas moans at the touch, nodding the best he can with a cock in his mouth, his own throbbing needily in his pants at this point. Feeling Dean come in his mouth is one thing, but the sooner Dean comes, Cas gets to come.
He’s so used to getting what he wants, being an over-powered super being, that being truly powerless under Dean’s hands is… something else. It’s turning him to putty quicker than usual- while Dean usually undoes him in a matter of minutes with nothing more than his tongue, Dean’s mouth around his cock feels like heaven. Well, not Heaven heaven, obviously that’s… the point is, it feels amazing, and he can feel Dean’s tongue swirl around the head of his cock when he pulls back and
“We’re in a car, Dean, there’s no table around,” Cas says after a beat, and he still sounds serious enough that Dean can’t quite tell if he’s joking. He doesn’t think he is. Most common sayings fly over his head, but he’s never able to tell which ones.
Dean removes his hand then, comes up to pepper kisses on Cas’s cheek, landing on his mouth and giving him a perfectly chaste kiss, helping him down from his high. Cas’s brain hasn’t quite kicked in yet, but he kisses back lazily, getting rid of the mess with a thought so Bobby doesn’t throw a fit about what they did to his sheets.
Silence. Dean is frozen, the noise Cas made working its way through his brain. Cas is frozen, only because if he moves again, that pleasure’s going to course through him again and he doesn’t really know what to do with that.
, and now he can feel Cas tight and hot around his tongue, but loosening up nicely. Cas, for his part, doesn’t explode anymore appliances, but moans, long and low, doing his best to rock back against Dean’s face, who grips Cas’s hips to control his movement, sliding his tongue deeper and flicking it against his walls.
“I don’t… it doesn’t matter to me. I’ve lived a long life, sex isn’t really at the top of my priority list,” Cas sounds confused, like he doesn’t know why Dean is so invested in it. Honestly, Dean doesn’t really know why either.
, so wanting to just open the other right up and fuck him, but he pushes down that desire, squeezes the base of his cock as he watches Cas watch him touch his cock.
Even so, Cas wants more, Dean’s cock against his enough to make him come but not enough to satisfy him.
Cas tuts, pins Dean’s hips down a little more firmly before he waves the hunter’s clothes away, so his hard cock flops out against his abdomen. “C’mon,” he coos, tugs Dean up and settles him on the floor on his knees in front of the angel, positions him just right.
In response, Dean just slides his tongue up Cas’s cock, and the angel settles back down with a groan.
“Hey, just because we can’t sleep together, that doesn’t mean we have no options,” Dean smiles, more sultry now, as he moves off the cabinet towards Cas.
The slap leaves a nice red handprint, one that tightens that pit in Dean’s stomach, and now he knows his own cock has to be poking Cas’s stomach, but the angel seems unbothered. Still into it, even, as now his unclothed boner is rubbing against the fabric of Dean’s jeans, which
- was a little silly. The hats, cute, but alright, classic cowboy hats. The top Sam had on, not his style, and the pants… eh.
spot, and keeps teasing at it, slipping another finger in to stretch him, get him ready to take Dean’s cock because he’ll be damned if he doesn’t make the angel come with his cock.
” as his cock leaks, surely ruining Dean’s shirt. Not that Dean cares, as he finally detaches from Cas’s mouth, attaches to his neck instead to bite a mark there, something he doesn’t really need to focus on as his brainpower shifts to fucking Cas silly.
“No,” Cas growls, swinging his head back to connect with Dean’s, hitting him hard, and Dean releases Cas with a grunt of pain, so they’re back to square one, circling each other- now with marks around Cas’s neck, and an ache forming where Cas’s head got Dean in the nose.
Cas settles in beside him, strokes a hand over the fading mark on Dean’s cheek. “You like to be slapped and also praised?”
Luckily, Cas is getting close too, as is evident by the string of expletives between begging he’s letting into Dean’s mouth, just “close” and “please” and “don’t stop” and “
Dean’s never ashamed to have a good cry. Despite what his dad pounded into his head about being Manly and Tough and Don’t Cry You’re Setting A Bad Example For Sam, it was always cathartic. He’s sure Sam would tell him something nonsensical like crying gets rid of the toxins in his head, but he doesn’t really care about that. It feels good. That’s what matters.
Dean spends at least a good minute teasing at the spot once he’s found it, just to watch Cas squirm and beg Dean to
“What, can’t do anything about it?” Dean grins a shit-eating grin, watching the frown play over his lover’s face as he palms his own cock through his underwear.
And then Cas is kissing back, and although it’s almost like he just learned how to kiss (which… he probably did), it still feels great, better than Dean could’ve (and definitely didn’t) imagined, Cas’s lips moving against his own while Dean tilts his head to get just the right angle. And he’s grateful Sam is gone, because he really can’t stop himself from tugging Cas closer, pressing up against him and using his other hand to sink his fingers into Cas’s hair, using the resulting gasp from the angel to slide his tongue against the other’s lips, then into his mouth. He feels Cas’s tongue tentatively flick back against his own, and bless his heart he learns fast, because it’s not long before Dean’s the one moaning while their tongues slide against each other, feeling Cas’s hands settle at his waist, fingers idly snapping the band of his shorts against his hips.
Castiel. Right. He can’t be feeling good after he ate all that red meat, right? Can angels get salmonella?
He tries to communicate as much to the hunter, but just then Dean slides in a finger alongside his tongue, guided by slippery spit and then he’s touching
Cas smiles, then moves to where the head is pressed against the fabric, seals his lips around it, and
He lands on top of Dean, uses the position and its leverage to land some punches on Dean’s jaw, disoriented him enough to try and get his fingers to Dean’s forehead, but then Dean is grabbing his wrist and using his other hand to punch Cas in the face, right in the middle. Cas keels over with a painful
“Yes,” Cas gasps out, finally giving in. “Yes, I’m- I’m going to-“ The pleasure/pain at having his hair tugged is what pushes him right to the edge, and then he feels Dean going rigid behind him and coming inside him with barely a groan. The feeling of being filled up is what pushes him over the edge, wailing into the open air as his cock spurts onto the carpet.
Sensitivity heightened, Cas shivers and moans, not able to come from just this but still getting pleasure, back arching against the touch. The pinching and twisting of the nipple not in Dean’s mouth makes him buck his hips, but his cock only flops against his abdomen, Dean hovering a careful distance away so Cas can’t grind against him.
Dean wouldn’t really be playing too much into the sheriff thing- like yeah, he enjoys it, but then he sees the way Cas’s pupils dilate when he rakes his eyes over Dean’s outfit, when he bosses him around.
He can barely keep himself from chewing Cas out whenever they stop to rest. Unfortunately, his body still needs to sleep, so Cas and Benny keep watch while he takes his little power-naps. He trusts Cas a lot more than he trusts Benny, of course, so Cas stays a bit closer than he lets Benny.
when he thought that shit was done for and over when Sam got sober last… it broke him. So sue him. He can’t get a break for a fucking day.
“Yeah,” Dean murmurs, eyes running over the sheen of sweat that’s collected on the angel’s body. “But it feels so good to tease you. To be
“I know,” Dean pants, and his eyes are locked onto the way Cas’s body trembles as he gets closer, hand strokes faster as he gets more desperate. Dean is getting there himself, one hand gripping the bedspread and the other jerking off, already close but holding off until he sees Cas come.
Dean almost wants to stuff Cas’s mouth with his cock, but he’s not sure Cas won’t come from that, so he settles for his own hand, squeezing the base and moving his hand faster and faster as he gets closer. He sees Cas’s pupils dilate and his cock twitch, and he’s digging the fingers of his other hand into his own thigh, determined to come all over Cas before the angel does because he
First it was the naked man-baby. He’s not sure what he expected from a cupid, but that is so much skin he didn’t plan on seeing. Then it was the hugs, which even the other angels apparently don’t like, which of course means all that skin rubbing up on his clothes. Eugh. Then, of course, it was the knowledge that they were no further in solving their little mystery of the loving cannibals. The cherry on top was that their parents ending up together- making him and Sammy, dying, becoming hunters, all of that was because of a cupid.
Dean cracks a grin, tosses the shirt he was holding onto the bed. “Not quite.” And his eyes flash black for just a second, indicating his status as not quite human any more. Cas can’t even respond, the combination of seeing Dean’s
It took a second for Cas’s words to get through the haze of pleasure in Dean’s brain, so he asked, “What?”
He enters said mediocre gas station, walks up to Cas. They have a conversation, although if Dean is honest, his eyes are raking over Cas’s outfit the entire time. The lil’ blue vest over the white button-up… well, it’s a lot less layers than Cas usually wears, and he’s having a hard time not dragging the angel back to where he was staying and ravishing him.
Finally, his own cock is so hard it hurts, watching Cas make the dirtiest noises and cutest pleasure-faces, and so he slides his fingers out (pulling just the
and Dean is really going to fuck him right on his precious car. It warms Cas’s heart, right until Dean pushes him down against the hood, tugs the angel’s hips closer so he can push their cocks together, jerk them off together. Cas lets out a moan, arches against the cool of the car’s hood as his body heats up, pleasure increases and gets him closer to that fuzzy headspace.
As he looks up at the night sky, Dean realizes he could scream himself hoarse and no one would respond. No one responded to Sam’s prayers, after all, and the only angel who’s cool with Dean is Castiel, who can’t do anything to help.
“You’re gonna need to ask a little nicer than that,” Dean tries to hide his smile, tugging on Cas’s hair lightly to see the angel’s eyes flutter in pleasure.
“I mean-“ Cas is now visibly flustered, a look Dean isn’t sure he likes on him. At least, not in a context where he needs answers. “Zachariah… overheard your conversation with your potential future self. You talked about an experience you had, to prove to him it was you.”
“You’ve been in this body what, a year or something? Longer? You’ve never had a boner?” Dean asks, incredulous.
Per the usual, sarcasm flies right over Cas’s head, and he responds with a little frown, “Unfortunately, no, it won’t be that easy.”
“Dean, I’m- I’m getting close-“ Cas chooses to warn the hunter, hips twitching as he presses his head back against the pillow.
Cas swallows, seeing the change, but he goes to push Dean into the cabinet, hopefully get him still long enough to get his fingers on the demon’s forehead. Dean lunges and shoves Cas back, instead, then lands a punch on Cas’s jaw. The newfound demon strength is enough to hurt Cas, make his jaw twinge in pain, and now he’s the one thrown off his rhythm as Dean gets another punch on Cas’s jaw, then grabs his shoulders and lands his knee in Cas’s abdomen.
“Yes,” Cas says, expression sure. And with no more response from Dean, sitting there with a relatively neutral expression on his face, Cas unpacks the rest of the panties, dumping the spread on the bed, about 15, 20 pairs total by Dean’s guess.
When he was first thrown against the wall, it hurt like a bitch, but a thrill ran up his spine, his thoughts from earlier flashing through his head. And then the punches started coming. In the face, in the stomach, and Cas is yelling about how he
“Hey, hey, hey,” Dean tries to soothe, moving his hands to hold the angel’s wrists. “We weren’t lost though, okay? You got us back, and we got the ashes and everything.” Then he grins, “What, you think you can be rid of me that easy?”
trapped in his underwear- rubs against the sheets, and he moans, sending vibrations into Cas’s cock and up his spine. It’s the vibrations that do it again for Cas, and he’s coming and moaning out Dean’s name into the open air now, brain too fuzzy with pleasure to restrain himself. There’s no warning for Dean, but he takes it in stride, throat working the angel’s cock as he swallows his come.
Dean pauses a moment, plants a relatively chaste kiss on Cas’s thigh, before sinking his teeth in to create a mark and curling his finger at the same time. He can feel Cas squeeze around him as he lets out a startled moan, and God, Dean can’t wait to get in there.
“Cas, what the hell?” Dean asks, shrugging his arm out of Cas’s grip. Unless it’s the precursor to awesome sex, he gets a little miffed when Cas just poofs him places.
“Oh, honey,” Dean replies, giving Cas a patronizing look as the pet name sounds almost foreign in his mouth. “You know I would.” And with that, to prove his point, a lubed finger is sliding into Cas’s hole, starting to open him up.
“I know, babe,” Dean replies, eyes hooded as he watches the way Cas’s hand grips his cock, and the rarely-used nickname has Cas arching his back, working himself closer to coming in his underwear with the way his cock feels against the fabric.
Cas knew about the angel cuffs, but didn’t know about Dean’s plans to use them on him. He probably figured Dean would never use their Items For Defeating Powerful Enemies in the bedroom.
“Still resistant, huh? Maybe that’ll change once I get my cock into you,” Dean says with a grin, other hand squeezing one of Cas’s cheeks and spreading him open.
Another pause that seems to last an eternity, Dean sitting and sweating in his seat, fists clenched tight in the thighs of his jeans while Cas stares out his own window, not reacting.
“They stay here,” Cas finishes in a low voice, agreeing that at least the cuffs are a toy they should
There’s no response for a moment, and Dean takes it as Castiel being mad at him. “Sorry for snapping at you. It’s just- with Sam and everything, y’know-“
“Go ahead, Cas,” Dean murmurs into Cas’s open mouth, squeezing the head of Cas’s cock and feeling his own cock twitch half-heartedly at the noise that comes out of the angel’s mouth.
He didn’t anticipate the (all things considered light) slap to his cheek, which is odd, considering they had just been talking about it. He doesn’t even feel the sting at first, only registers when the sound had stopped echoing in the room.
Cas comes down from his high, presses his forehead to Dean’s (sweaty, ew), then lies down next to him on the bed, draping an arm over Dean’s chest.
Realizing he’s gotta play it out until the trickster decides he’s done playing his part, Dean moves quickly to press his lips against Cas’s, hands still clutched in the other’s shirt. He doesn’t even feel a change in the angel’s body language, his body as tense as Dean’s, so there’s a weird moment where he carefully moves his lips against Castiel’s and he’s getting absolutely nothing in response- but he hasn’t been shoved away.
And yeah, Dean is concerned. But he can also see a wet spot forming at the front of Cas’s pants, where the tip of his cock has leaked through
“Dean, please,” Cas begs, although he doesn’t know what he’s asking for. His wrists twist in their bonds, and while they both know how easily he could break out of the tie (he’s an
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean groans, attention finally brought to the way his own cock is pressing against his jeans.
, and Cas is finally soft, settling down with his face in the crook of Dean’s neck, breaths puffing out against sweaty skin.
Like before, he doesn’t see the slap coming, only perceptive of his head suddenly being pushed to the side, and then the sting that comes quicker and quicker as he’s slapped more and more.
Then Dean is nudging Cas’s hips up with his hands so he can get to his pants, undoes them, pulls them down. And now he can see just the barest hints of red on Cas’s ass, and he can’t help but land a smack on one of his cheeks, the sharp pain making the angel cry out, skin-to-skin contact a lot different than what he felt before.
got whatever he’s got going on, when in fact he is just staring at Cas. Working his job, he’s apparently taken to the whole human life, smiling that fake-minimum-wage smile at the customers. Although, if Dean looks closer, that actually might be a
“Of course I am. Now with a few more bells and whistles, of course. You should like this new and improved Dean better, actually, because now you can use that angelic strength of yours and I can take it,” Dean flirts, wiggling his eyebrows.
ruin the paint job, when he shifts his hips up and starts hitting Cas’s prostate, so he doesn’t need to move anyway. He can tell because Cas starts being loud again, moans increasing in pitch and volume as Dean has to tug him up, kiss him to keep him quiet, while Cas’s noises still tumble into his mouth.
Dean pulls out, spares a second to admire the way he can see his own come leaking out of Cas’s ass, then collapses next to him, settling beside the angel and ready to go to sleep.
Permission more than given, Dean kisses Cas, lets his hands rest on the angel’s upper thighs as he presses his lips chastely to the other’s, just feeling him out mostly until long-rested need takes over and he’s pressing his tongue through Cas’s parted lips, feeling at the other’s tongue with his own. Cas responds eagerly, slides his tongue against the hunter’s as his hands come to loop around his neck, tug him closer.
have your naked ass on my baby,” Dean says, a warning. Of course, his love for his car is a little overshadowed by the fact that Cas is now
Except he can, he needs to take his time (as much as he dares) he reminds himself, and so he carefully starts sliding his finger in and out, getting Cas used to the situation before slowly slipping another in. He also starts sliding his tongue up Cas’s cock, to give him some pleasure to distract from the weird sensation of being stretched out.
Finally, Dean weakly pushes at Cas’s head, trying to detach him from his now over-sensitive cock. Cas lifts his head, almost leaning into Dean’s touch, before moving back up to press needy kisses to Dean’s jaw. Dean moves his hands to hold Cas’s face, move his face to press a kiss to his lips, moist and puffy from sucking at Dean’s cock through the panties for so long. Cas kisses back needily, cock slip-sliding against Dean’s abdomen and smearing some leaking precum across it.
“Turn around,” he tells Cas, and to his own surprise, he can hear his voice has dropped about 15 registers due to arousal.
“Yeah, but what’s the fun in that?” Dean asks with a grin, but he knows he’s already won when Cas moves closer, kneels down next to where Dean is curled up. Dean leans up for a kiss, lets Cas kiss him slow and sweet until the gravity of their very
He knew he had to call Cas, but he also didn’t know if the angel would care enough to tell him anything, or even have any useful information. It’s not like calling Cas was time-consuming or anything, but it was always a journey with him, one he’d rather not take while he’s so stressed out.
“You were so good for me,” Cas murmurs, right as he settles his hand on Dean’s cock, not missing a thing- especially not the way Dean reacted to his praise earlier.
It makes Dean want to stick his cock right in, fill the angel up with his cock instead of his fingers and hear Cas keep making that noise, but he teases him just for a bit instead, scissoring his fingers and twisting them, searching for-
But Dean doesn’t move, sucking a mark onto the lower part of Cas’s thigh and making eye contact with the angel instead, clearly teasing him. Cas narrows his eyes, but that’s the most he can do, angel cuffs blocking him from moving as well as his powers. He’s helpless as Dean moves to the juncture of his thigh and hip, sucking a mark there, and Cas whines at the proximity to his cock.
“Dean…” comes his name, softly from the angel’s mouth, and he starts slowly stroking himself, watching the way Cas squirms, can’t help but move around in need and struggle with cuffs. He swipes his thumb over the drop of precome making its way out of his cock, slides it down the side as he quickens his pace, working himself towards the edge. Not that it’s going to take long, as watching Cas beg to come had made him
Dean breaks away from Cas’s lips to inhale sharply as the angel mimics what Dean does to him, rubbing his thumb over the head of Dean’s cock through the precome beading there. He keeps doing this at the way it makes Dean whine, hips not able to buck the best they can in the position he’s in but doing his best to do so anyway. Dean’s hand slows on Cas’s cock as he gets closer, brain gets closer to that fuzzy space where he can’t really think, can’t really focus on anything.
“That’s- that’s it, oh, fuck…” Cas trails off, brain going fuzzy as he tips over the edge, only managing a couple mumbled expletives and Dean’s name as he comes, fucking Dean’s mouth through it.
“Dean,” drips from Cas’s mouth, broken and hoarse, and it’s sending Dean over the edge, groaning out Cas’s name as he splatters Cas’s abdomen with his come. He works himself through his orgasm, pleasure shooting through his body at the way the angel looks covered in his come, the shiny white streaks standing out on a pale abdomen.
He’s not dumb. He knows he’s not as intuitive as Sam, or research-smart like Bobby, but he’s kept himself alive this long. Well, besides the time he died. Uh. Both times.
“What are you talking about? I didn’t order any pizzas. You know I don’t eat. We’re in a simulation, Dean,” and now the inflection in Cas’s voice has turned to concern, which is a little more familiar. Well, when the flavor of concern is “what is wrong with this dumb, hairless monkey.”
on the angel is what does it, what makes him groan as quietly as he can into his hand and come into his hand, making a (careful) mess as his body pulses in pleasure, back arches. Then he’s coming down from his high, and he’s gotta clean up this mess
Dean moans, higher and higher until he’s shouting Cas’s name and coming, cock spurting into the fabric and darkening it, while Cas keeps his eyes locked onto Dean’s face, using his tongue to work Dean through his orgasm.
Then Dean starts twisting his hand on the upstroke, now using the precome leaking copiously out of the angel’s cock to help slick the way, a quiet squelching noise filling the air as he jerks him off hard and fast.
Dean collapses next to Cas as they both come down from their highs, and he can’t even be assed to clean up, wiping his hand (ew) on the sheets next to them. He’s sure the sheets have seen worse.
, but he’s also pretty sure Cas wouldn’t be able to lie to him. So, Dean kinda has a fuck it moment as he’s dragging the angel in by his tie to press his lips against the other’s.
“Hello, Dean,” comes the response, although instead of the usual gruff way Cas says it, it’s got that dreamy-like quality he’s adopted since he became… uh. Loony.
“Take your dick out, and jerk off slowly,” Dean orders, stroking his own cock anything but slow as he watches Cas tug his underwear down and
bit- and helping Cas pull them off. Then he’s standing there in his underwear like a lost puppy, and Dean takes his arm, guides him to lie down on his back on the bed. He strips off his own clothing as quickly as possible, down to his underwear. He’s almost distracted by the way Cas shifts on the bed, one hand fisting in the sheets and the other moving to palm at his cock through his underwear. As it is, it spurs Dean on, because he wants to get
“I know,” Dean replies gruffly, pressing a kiss to Cas’s jawline before standing up, picking Cas up along the way (who honest-to-God
Dean hesitates anyway. His hands press into Castiel’s shoulders while his eyes trace over Castiel’s slightly open mouth, down to his Adam’s Apple bobbing as he swallows. He knows once he kisses Cas, it’s gonna change things, and he’s not even sure Cas won’t just launch him across the planet if he tries anything, despite his bitching about how his powers are going. As he hesitates, his body tenses, ready for the trickster to woosh him into some other TV scenario, but it doesn’t happen, and he can feel Cas’s breath puffing out against his own, and the angel is staring into his eyes in the usual soul-seeing way-
“Cas, you can’t seduce me out of this argument,” Dean half-jokes, half-serious, like he knows they’re just putting off the inevitable. That he’s made his decision, that everyone is trying to talk him out of.
“I want to go nice and slow with you. This was the only way to let me do that,” Dean says with a smile, but not a genuine one, the one that says he got his way.
At least, he thought he was, until his gaze lands on Dean standing near the bed, where he must’ve been in the process of changing, as he was only clad in a pair of jeans, abdomen on display for the world.
“Raphael,” Dean grumbles into Cas’s neck, before sitting up, pulling out (eugh), taking just a second to admire the state of Cas’s body. Sweaty, come pooled on his stomach and shot up his chest, it looks like, and if Dean looks close enough (which he did), he can see his come leaking out of Cas’s ass.
be happy to hear his noises, as he comes, back arching hard into Dean’s grasp and spurting up his stomach. Dean works him through it, almost mourning the loss of being able to hear Cas unrestrained, but the expression on his face before he buries it in the pillow and the way his cock pulses in his hand as he comes is still kinda worth it. He doesn’t even know what to keep his eyes on- Cas’s mouth gasping into the pillow, his throat muscles working as he tries to restrain himself, his nipples still hard and wet and shiny, the come landing on his abdomen and making a mess. His cock, red and flushed and still dribbling come.
Dean gasps, body going rigid with pleasure as Cas starts jerking him off, overwhelming his brain and senses.
Dean shakes his head, trying to get rid of the lewd thoughts now cluttering his brain as he shifts into Problem Solving Mode. “Is Sam with you in there?”
Dean huffs, not quite letting the moans slip past just yet, even though the pleasure is working its way up his spine at the way Cas is tonguing the slit at the head of his cock. The hunter shifts, getting more in between Cas’s legs, nudging his cock farther into the angel’s mouth. Cas takes it in stride, sucking farther down, tongue sliding up the underside as he slides down.
It amps up Cas’s desperation, so he’s letting out a series of whines between his begging and Dean has to cover his mouth again. He feels Cas’s cock twitch in his hand, and he knows Cas is going to last long, not after sucking Dean off, so he speeds up to a quick pace, a gross squelching noise filling the air as he works Cas to orgasm. Not that either of them mind, as the pleasure after so long overwhelms Cas, short-circuits his brain so it’s barely a minute before he’s arching his back hard, moaning high against Dean’s hand as his cock spurts come all over Dean’s fist, and his own shirt.
“I’ve told you before, it’s not safe for me here. And it’s especially not safe for those around me,” Cas grouses, and Dean just
The angle and pace have Cas biting down on his arm, trying to keep the wailing to a minimum as he’s railed into the floor. One of Dean’s hands finds his hair as the other finds his hip for leverage, and a groan rips out of the angel’s throat as the hand in his hair tugs his head back, forces him to let out his noises into the quiet room. Each thrust brings a moan, or a whine, or a moan of Dean’s name- which he tries to suppress, knowing the
. They were, uh, pink, but the- it wasn’t about the color. It was about the- the feel, when they, they settle on your hips and they’re freakin’
Dean wasn’t sure Cas would come when called. He usually does, yeah, but Dean doesn’t really know this weird, hippie Cas. At least, he’s sure the old Cas would’ve cared a little bit more about their situation vis a vis Leviathans.
Cas is still trying to recover from his orgasm, but does his best to kiss back eagerly, eyes fluttering shut again as he presses his lips to Dean’s, almost chaste.
He clears his throat, drawing Cas’s eyes to it, his Adam’s apple bobbing as he attempts to speak. He manages to get out, “Cas,” in an incredibly hoarse voice, considering he was speaking fine ten minutes ago. Dean really intended to try to work with the angel, figure out what was going on, but it seems Cas can’t help himself either and he suddenly finds himself with a lapful of angel, Cas looking down at him with too-bright blue eyes.
“I’m fine, I got it,” Cas groans, waving the mess on his cock and Dean’s thigh away before tugging his pants up.
There’s a moment where they’re both catching their breath, before Cas says in a rough voice, “We couldn’t do that if you were asleep.”
Before he can get too sensitive, Dean is coming with a low-pitched groan, also making a gross mess in his own pants as he presses hard against the angel.
-“ Cas cuts himself off with a gasp as Dean suddenly grinds down, cock rubbing hard against Cas’s through the layers.
Then there’s a breeze in the air, which should’ve been the first sign of trouble, given that there were no open windows. As it is, Dean’s still shaken by the encounter with the cupid, and so forgive him if he’s not at the top of his game. It ruffles the top of his head, gives him the shivers, but he shakes them off, eyes trained on the computer screen in front of him, words running through his head. Cas doesn’t notice either, eyes still trained on a spot on the carpet and thinking about their encounter with the cupid.
He walks into the bedroom, heads over to the bed, and without turning around, he can hear the door close behind him. So. Cas followed him in, then. Bobby’ll have to forgive Dean for fucking on his sheets. And in his house.
much, and suddenly he’s hitting that spot he was touching with his fingers earlier and it’s great and he can’t help the noises that come out of his mouth, the moans and the groans and the begging Dean to go
His neck hurts, probably from being smacked into the wall multiple times, but he looks down to catch what Cas is looking at and he’s.
It’s not that Dean doesn’t like Valentine’s Day. It’s just that it’s been a while since his last long-term relationship. Actually, he can’t remember the last long-term relationship he had. Years of one-night stands will do that to you.
The touch has Cas bucking his hips and crying out Dean’s name, squeezing the base of his cock so he remembers to go slow. His hips twitch with the effort of following Dean’s instructions, and moans turn into whimpers as his cock aches for his hand to go faster.
He can also feel this isn’t some sort of… repayment for everything Cas has done for him, despite what he told Cas. It’s not a favor either. It’s more than that.
It started after they got word from the coroner that there was another weird death, so Sam went to check it out, leaving Dean and Cas in the motel room. Dean’s researching, wondering who on Earth could be targeting the same people a cupid is targeting, what that could accomplish, while Cas sits quietly in the chair across from him, staring into space but ready to offer help should Dean need it.
, please, Dean, I want- give me-“ Cas doesn’t even know what he’s asking for, eyes drifting closed and back arching to rub up against Dean.
“I’m playing along,” Dean hisses in a quieter voice, before continuing, “I’m sure this is where the order came from. You got money for the pizzas?”
Even feeling Cas’s lips brush his cheek is enough to make Dean buck his hips for more, the contact sending sparks shooting down his spine.
As it is, the tidal waves of pleasure are bringing him closer to the edge, Cas expertly (porn magic… amateurs are never amateurs) sinking down onto his cock, tongue flicking to tease at his head, curl around his girth, and bobbing faster and faster. His own experience and movie magic are keeping him on the edge, but he’s decided he definitely wants to come in Cas’s mouth- he’s not letting the trickster control him into going all the way with the angel.
underlying the bright blue of his irises. Yes, he also knows what this means for the two of them. Yes, they can deal with it later, when they’re down from the high of their orgasms.
By now, he’s sure they’ve had enough teasing, otherwise he probably would’ve held the position just a little bit longer, gotten used to how Cas feels around him. As it is, they’re still on a time limit, and Dean would
Dean hooks his arms under Cas’s thighs to pull his hips closer, pressing the lump in his pants to Cas’s cock, and the denim against his bare skin
“Well, Famine did a number on you,” Dean mutters, but he’s not really upset. Sure, making Cas come again and again wasn’t exactly on his to-do list, but he guesses now it is.
And for a brief moment, Cas listened, simply lying there and making soft noises as Dean continued to bite marks into his neck before a particularly hard bite sent a pulse through his cock, and he was moaning, bucking his hips up against Dean’s again.
Crisis averted, Cas strokes his hands down the lapels of the overcoat, coming to rest somewhere near Dean’s midriff. “I’ll admit, I see the appeal of these clothes you were referencing earlier.”
Dean interrupts him with a slow grind of his hips, and Cas’s thoughts stutter to a halt as pleasure works its way through his brain. “Dean, you- you’re not-“
“You’re not just offering because you have to, right? I’m not gonna- I’m not gonna do anything with you if you’re just doing it ‘cause your boss says so.”
him, it was overwhelming him, overloading the pleasure centers in this vessel’s brain. Looking through Jimmy’s memories, he’s
“Since I can’t really, uh, trust you around strangers, since apparently you’d prefer to read them their past than help them do their job, maybe- if we still have some time- we can find you someone who already knows you, to, uh-“ Dean is sweating. He’s sweating and seconds away from freaking blushing. “To… to, y’know.”
“What, smart? I’m not looking for smart. I’m looking for neither of us have had any since we got to this hellhole- since
The slaps only worsen Dean’s need, making his cock throb and leak as he tries his best to get Cas to come, bobbing his head as Cas thrusts his hips forward, nearly choking but it’s definitely worth it. Cas notices, gives a short laugh as he pushes further down Dean’s throat. “You want me to come so you can, is that it? You’re that needy?” he coos, even as he gets closer, breaths coming fast. “I could probably hold out forever if I wanted to, fuck that pretty little mouth of yours and deny you forever.”
Dean shivers and arches into the touch, but then uses the hand in Cas’s hair to tug him back up to eye-level. “You can’t distract me, Cas. Go ahead, I’m not gonna laugh.”
Dean catches the angel staring at his abdomen, of course, and his grin widens. “Like the view? In fact, I remember that you do.”
version of the Bible-“ and it’s not like Dean does get off on being watched while he sleeps, but the notion of having sex with an
Under the relief he feels at getting the two back safe and sound, as well as the phoenix’s ashes, he’s checking Dean out, eyeing the way the hat fits his head, the coat outlines his body. He’s wearing so many layers, it’s like they’re asking to be stripped off piece by piece.
right so his hard cock rubs against the fabric of his underwear, and a breathy moan comes out instead.
The possessive words crawl their way into Dean’s ears, down to his stomach to settle there, making him flush. “Yeah, I get it.”
When Dean pulls Cas’s cock out of his underwear, it’s already hard, and he doesn’t waste any time before squeezing it and pulling at it, jerking him off. Cas whines and twitches in his grip, head tilting back and hands tightening on Dean’s shoulders. The pleasure courses through him, makes his brain fuzzy, gets rid of the worries for right now at least, but he has enough brainpower left to maneuver his hands around Dean’s, undo his pants and release the boner he’s had probably since Cas first slammed him against a wall.
“Shh,” Dean shushes him, trails his mouth down to Cas’s nipples to kiss and lick at them until they were hard. Cas makes noise anyway, whining and moaning as he gets harder in his pants. He feels Dean’s tongue drawing little circles around one nipple as one of his hands pinches and tugs at the other, and it’s sending little shocks up his spine, and making his cock ache for touch.
And Cas just lies there, eyes trained on the way Dean’s hand moves over his cock, tongue unconsciously flicking over his lower lip and wetting it as he wishes he had his mouth on the hunter’s cock, or that it was inside him. The fantasies only serve to make him ache more for orgasm, having been denied twice now and not used to the feeling of drawing it out for so long.
More moans spill from Cas’s mouth into Dean’s as Dean rubs and gropes at Cas’s cock, until he’s hard and panting into Dean’s mouth. It had been so long that Dean forgot how fucking
“Normally, I probably would’ve drawn this out, but I could tell how badly you wanted it,” Dean’s voice, dripping with condescension, echoes in the quiet of the room. “I would’ve stripped you of every piece of clothing you have, slowly, until you were begging for me to hurry up. Anyone ever tell you you’d look a lot cuter with a lot less clothes?”
Dean hits home, all the way in, but only has a moment to appreciate the velvety heat and slick around his cock before Cas is jerking his hips back against Dean’s, moaning heatedly into the pillow and clearly begging for Dean to just go. Dean is wary of how close Cas was to coming, and wants to slow down, let Cas come down from that before bringing him up to the edge again, but he’s not sure how long he himself will last, given how hard he was eating Cas out. So he pulls back, jerks his hips
Cas doesn’t respond- can’t- but is coming closer, hands twitching at his sides like he might do something dumb, like reach out and touch Dean.
Dean can hear their lips softly smack as he tilts his head, moves his mouth against the angel’s, curls his fingers in his hair to lightly tug on it. Then he feels one of Cas’s hands gripping his jaw, pulling him into the position he wants, kiss turning harsher until he’s biting down on Dean’s lip possessively, making Dean groan.
him, open him up, and the thought has him bucking his hips harder, twitching away from the pain while twitching into the pleasure/pain of his cock against Dean’s jeans. With a thought, the jeans are gone, put in the pile of Cas’s clothes, so Cas can finally feel his
be comfortable, has to be chafing, but Cas doesn’t seem to care. He whines as Dean smacks him again, moans as he keeps going, cock getting uncomfortably hard as Dean’s hand continues to rain down on his ass.
Once Cas’s clothes are gone, he realizes how hard he is, and he can’t stop himself from pressing up against Dean, cock pushing against the hunter’s bulge. And he has to admit, the fabric feels
He’s tired, but he guides Cas, gets him to stick his come-slick cock between Dean’s thighs, fuck his need out until Dean’s thighs are covered in come, Dean has come
“You getting close, Cas? You’re not even gonna be able to clean that up, y’know. I’m gonna make you come in your pants, and then you’re just gonna have to deal with it, knowing I made you come in your pants without even really touching your dick,” Dean continues to murmur in Cas’s ear, and while it is totally a problem that they’re probably going to come in their pants, the thought of Cas having to walk around like that is somehow
“C’mon, man, I gotta- I gotta prepare you-“ Dean starts but Cas cuts him off with a wave of his hand, and now Dean can feel open air against his cock, and yeah his underwear is gone, and now that Dean looks down, he can see Cas’s
Dean is hesitant to get it wrong again, but also each time Cas slaps him, he can’t deny it makes his cock throb in his pants.
“Cas,” Dean groans, hand tightening in the angel’s hair as he closes his eyes, kinda unable to bear the eye contact while Cas sucks the head of Dean’s cock into his mouth. He’s not sure what exactly in the universe had to click into place to make this happen, but he’s grateful nonetheless, very carefully guiding Cas’s mouth up and down on his cock, opening his eyes again when a moan from the angel shoots a bolt of pleasure directly to his core. He doesn’t pick up on it immediately, pleasure making his vision hazy, but when he spots Castiel’s other hand pressing and rubbing against the tent in his shorts, he has to restrain himself from coming right there and then in Cas’s mouth.
Cas keeps his head at Dean’s collarbone, but slides one hand down, head tilted to watch its progress, fingers skipping across Dean’s chest like a stone over water, down to the V of his hips, the top of the panties. His fingers brush where the top of the fabric meets Dean’s abdomen, causing a sharp inhale from Dean, then down to where Dean’s thigh meets the fabric, skipping around the obvious bulge in front.
, although he thinks he enjoys it in less of a sexual sense on himself. On Dean, of course, he’s not sure exactly why he likes it, but there’s something about the way they fit him, the way he can see just the smallest touch of liquid staining the fabric where the head of Dean’s cock presses against it.
Dean’s getting a little tired of the whiplash he gets between the trickster’s scenes. It’s a little like getting wooshed around by Castiel, which he was tired of anyway, but it’s worse because he usually ends up appearing the same way he was before Cas wooshed him off, while under the trickster’s influence, he’s as likely to end up in a doctor outfit on his favorite tv show as he is strapped to a ball-buster on a gameshow. Not that it wasn’t funny to watch Sam get his balls busted. Bad luck for him that they hadn’t quite figured out the trickster’s game yet.
It takes barely a minute before Dean’s mouth is working him over the edge, and every nerve in Cas’s body lights up as he yells, coming hard in Dean’s mouth as pleasure overwhelms his brain. His orgasm is longer, more intense than usual, which he’ll have the sense to appreciate sometime when he’s not frying every circuit in the room with how much
Cas swallows as he undoes his tie, pulls it off and sets it aside. Shaking hands start at the top of the buttons, undoing them one by one.
For a first-timer, Cas is taking it like a champ, hanging onto the pillow for dear life and doing his best to thrust back against Dean, feeling overwhelmed by the feeling, the sound, the taste of Dean as he leans down for a dirty kiss, stroking his tongue along the roof of Cas’s mouth. He thinks it can’t get better, until Dean pauses in his thrusts to shift Cas’s hips up just
Cas’s hole clenching for something, and his underwear is off in a second, cock head pressed to the angel’s hole. Whether or not there’s enough lubrication is evidently unimportant to either of them, and although Cas (or Dean) might regret that tomorrow, Cas whines for Dean to
Dean thinks the look on Cas’s face the whole time they were drinking in the bar would fuel his happiness for years. He’s really not sure what he expected, bring an angel- a virgin- a
Cas tenses and practically wails, and all the lightbulbs in the room shatter. Not like either Dean nor Cas care, as Cas fists his hands in the pillow beneath his head and Dean teases at the rim, both thumbs now dragging at the edge while his tongue works at getting it nice and wet. Dean’s perfectly content to tease, even though his cock is rock hard and leaking into his underwear, just because Cas is making the
There’s a second, where the sound of skin hitting fabric echoes into the air, and the sensation hasn’t quite hit yet, only the dull thud of the hit.
First words that came to his mind. Not a great way to proposition an angel, especially with a pun, but whatever.
“Shut up,” Cas tries to snap back, but the effect is ruined by how breathy his voice sounds already, brain muddled by the way Dean’s cock presses against his.
The words send an unexpected shiver down Dean’s spine, and it motivates him to work harder, put all his focus into making Cas come down his throat as he bobs his head, tightens his throat around Cas’s cock.
Dean lets out a groan against Cas’s neck when he sees it shiny with his spit, and Cas is actually begging now, “Dean, that feels so good, more, I want- I want more, don’t stop-“
Dean doesn’t usually have the capacity for this many emotions. In fact, the usual range is probably angry, relieved, worried, lust, burger. So to feel guilt, to feel responsible, to feel prepared for the pain of being Michael’s vessel, to anger about having to do it, to more anger and sadness as his own brother locks him away in the chamber-
He’s so deep in his pleasure, he doesn’t notice if he’s giving off a tell or something when he gets close, but Dean seems to know, and pulls off for however long it takes Cas to come down from that high, before the hunter sucks his cock right back down again to bring him back to the edge. Cas has lost track of how many times it’s happened, but it’s enough that Dean can only just swallow around Cas’s cock when he has to pull back again, let Cas come down.
His ass is solidly red by now, hot to the touch and when Dean squeezes a cheek, it gets a broken moan out of the angel. His rutting gets faster, small hitching breaths making their way out of his throat as he whines Dean’s name, begs for more. Dean gropes and squeezes, trying to judge exactly how much more Cas’s body can take, when Cas gasps, “Don’t- don’t stop-“
When he’s done, Cas is twitching his hips again, clearly hoping that now Dean will take mercy on him and make him come. Unfortunately, Dean is
Dean puts his hands in his jeans pockets and waits. The words finally make it through Cas’s brain, and his eyes widen, following Dean’s orders as he strips off the trench coat and the blazer, fabric falling to the floor, before he goes to Dean’s bed, lays down in the middle and waits for more orders.
Cas swallows dutifully, cock painful in his pants now as his fingernails scratch at his wrists in the effort it takes not to palm at his cock. Dean pulls back, last spurts of come hitting Cas in the lips and making him look like a freakin’ pornstar, at which his cock gives a twitch. He only needs a breath before he’s kissing Cas, mess be damned, pushing him back onto the covers and undoing his pants to let Cas’s cock out.
“What-“ Dean starts, before recalling talking about his time with the panties and that girl, and his face colors rather quickly.
Cas turns back, annoyance written into his expression. “If you can’t touch me, that’s fine, but I’m going to take care of it myself.”
Just then, Cas slides home and swallows around Dean’s cock (because of course no one in porn has a gag reflex), and Dean’s hips jerk- he can’t help it- against Cas’s face, causing another groan that hits home with Dean. He’s groaning, moaning out some choice phrases like, “Just like that”, “You feel so good”, “You’re gonna make me come, Cas-“, and Cas is still taking his cock like a champ, all wet heat and tightness around it and he can see Cas’s hips jerking against his hand, getting closer and closer to coming in his shorts.
but keeps working him, bobbing his head even as Cas starts to moan, starts those little hitching breaths as he gets close to the edge again.
“You wouldn’t,” Cas groans, trying to tilt his head to get a look at Dean, maybe see the man he used to know, but when he looks, all he can see is the glittery black of a demon’s eyes.
He goes to put a palm on where Cas had slapped him, to soothe the hot feeling now there, but Cas smacks his hand away, places his own on the spot where he had slapped the hunter.
Cas thinks he’s babbling as much, expletives and half-muttered phrases pouring out his mouth as Dean sucks him off, feeling the wet heat around his cock just a little too much for him. And then Dean is adding his hand, slick sliding over the wet trail his mouth’s left and jerking off what he doesn’t reach with his mouth. It’s driving Cas to the edge far too quickly, and part of him wants to enjoy it, take his time with Dean, but the other part of him
It helps, until he’s thinking about the way Cas was looking at him again and it curdles something in his stomach but in, like, a good way. The way that has his pants starting to tighten.
“You’ll take what I give you because you have to,” comes the reply, soft but gruff, as Dean reattaches his mouth to Cas’s nipples, getting them spit-shiny and hard again.
“Benny’s gone. I know you’re tense. And I need to sleep, but can’t. So come here,” Dean repeats, enunciating this time.
Before Cas can respond, Dean is reattaching his mouth to Cas’s neck and shifting his weight to he’s pinning Cas’s legs down with his own, negating any leverage Cas had to grind up against the hunter. His hips twitch with need anyway, cuffs rattling against the headboard as he can’t help but tug at them, to no avail.
Dean swallows nervously, but does nothing, eyes searching Cas’s, and he notices how dilated his pupils are, a thing ring of electric blue swimming in a sea of black. Cas takes Dean’s silence as permission and noses his way down his neck, breath puffing out against Dean’s collarbone as he brushes a thumb over the hand mark on Dean’s arm. He wasn’t lying when he told Dean the panties didn’t have the same effect on him as they had on the hunter, but seeing Dean actually
“Let me…” Cas trails off, shifts to paw at the bulge in Dean’s jeans, undo them and pull his cock out.
, Dean is pulling Cas’s underwear down and attaching his mouth to the base of Cas’s cock, and Cas is letting out a broken moan, pleasure rushing to his head at the touch. But Dean just
Dean ignores the begging and slides one hand over where the tie meets the skin of Cas’s wrists, down to where that bare skin meets the fabric of his pants, down to where that fabric covers his ass. He takes the opportunity to squeeze, making Cas make some very interesting noises into the couch. Dean uses his other hand to card through Cas’s hair, almost petting him, soothing him as he raises his other hand up. He can feel Cas freeze in anticipation, clench under him, so he waits, hand hovering in the air.
. I can probably wait it out, until Famine’s effects are gone, I don’t want to burden you with my problems-“ Cas is already backtracking.
“That’s cute, really. You want me. You can’t help it,” Dean teases, rocks his hips against Cas’s. Cas growls and tries to struggle against the hold Dean has on his arms, but he has no leverage in this position, and so all he manages to do is grind up harder against the demon on top of him, making him lose his focus even more.
Dean sighs. He’s tired. He wants to go to bed. And he’s sick of Cas and every other knowing being in his life giving non-answers. “Spit it out, Cas.”
Cas pulls back, presses his forehead to Dean’s, bright blue eyes more intense this close. Before he can admonish Dean, or say anything, Dean is pulling Cas into his lap, arranging him so the angel is straddling him. And no, the gross alley isn’t the best place to do this, but that hardly stops him from wrapping his arms around Cas’s waist, pulling him closer as he attaches his mouth to the angel’s jaw, swiping his tongue over the stubble and down to the pulse pounding in his neck.
“Yes,” Cas says simply, not even trying to justify his curiosity. So sue him, he’s learning more and more about humans (Dean) every day, and wearing women’s underwear as… sexual play wasn’t something he’d seen coming.
Cas is watching him with half-lidded eyes as he scoots closer, smacks a quick kiss on the angel’s mouth. “That was fun. But I do have a case to get to.”
“Invest in some concealer. And you looked so cute in your uniform, I couldn’t help it,” Dean replies honestly, leaning back to admire the marks he’s made, as well as check out Cas’s clothes again. “You keep so covered up most of the time, that stupid coat covering you-“
“I know, I know, I just- if you want to be slapped, or you want me to wear a Zorro mask, then I’d like to try it for you,” Cas offers, putting his hand on Dean’s cheek, thumb rubbing over his cheekbone. Probably meant as a comforting gesture, but now Dean is imagining it coming down much harder, and it sends a shiver down his spine.
And this is no exception, Cas visibly twitching in his pants and wet mouth opening to pant as he gazes up at Dean. “Sheriff. Please. Please let me suck your cock, I’ll- I want it so badly, let me-“ Cas stops, licks his lips as his gaze drops back to Dean’s (now harder) cock. “Please let me suck it, sheriff.”
“You wanna come? Do it,” Dean watches Cas hold himself back, decides he’s probably been good enough to earn that.
He pulls into the parking lot of the hospital where Cas says Raphael’s old vessel is, talking to Cas. “So, we pull up, light the oil, and he’ll be there when we get back to the house?”
He breaks from the kiss to look down as he starts stroking, which is just unfortunate as Cas gives a shout at the touch, and Dean has to remember that Sam and Bobby are probably downstairs before he’s pressing a hand to Cas’s mouth, keeping the noises in as he squeezes the base of Cas’s cock. It’s flushed an angry red, tip soaked in precome and it throbs when Dean slides his hand up it. He knows he’s teased Cas long enough, and he loves watching Cas come, but he swipes his palm over the tip to catch some of the mess there before slowly stroking down, holding the base, and stroking back up.
“What was that?” Dean asks, tone innocent but intent teasing as he does another slow roll of his hips.
Cas waits, frozen in place, ready for Dean to just sink into him. When he feels Dean not moving, cockhead
Cas squirms under Dean’s touch, muffled begging causing vibrations against Dean’s hand. He removes it for just a second to hear, “-
Dean snorts, “No. They’re cute and comfortable. They’re only demeaning if you let them… demean… you,” he trails off. That didn’t really make sense.
“N- no, I- I don’t know. It’s-“ Cas can’t really get the right words out, eyes drifting over said badge, glinting in the low light of the room. He tugs the overcoat a little more open, drinks in how the vest fits Dean’s body, how he wants more and more badly to see that skin hidden underneath the layers.
“Dean-“ Cas starts, but Dean is covering his mouth with his own, pressing an incredibly messy kiss to his lips as his thrusts pick up pace. Cas can barely respond, panting open-mouthed and struggling for breath as Dean kisses the life out of him, getting closer and closer with every thrust. His cock, trapped in his pants, is hard and throbbing in need and he can feel it getting slick in his underwear, precome leaking out and making a mess, and he desperately wants to come in Dean’s mouth or on him instead but it’s. It’s not going to happen.
So he slowly slides back out, just to make Cas whine and buck his hips, before thrusting back in a little harder, just to gauge where Cas is at. Then, Cas groans, “Dean,
Even though he just came, the words send a pleasurable shiver down the angel’s spine, and he’s eager as he tugs Dean back up onto the bed, settles between his legs.
-“ He loses track of his sentence for a moment as he feels Dean’s teeth sink into his skin, pleasure/pain bubbling in his stomach. “I’m at
His eyes flick back up to Cas’s, and he’s about to make some witty joke, some sarcastic comment to dig himself out of the fucking hole he’s fallen into. Instead, Cas is touching his forehead, and he feels the taste of metal disappear from his mouth, the aches and hurts fade, and he thinks Cas just
,” and Dean understands he is way behind where Cas is, or wants him to be, so he speeds up, thrusts knocking Cas back now. Cas gasps, hands holding onto the pillow beneath his head and tilting his head back, stretching his neck invitingly. Dean takes the opportunity to latch his mouth onto the side, placing kisses, flicking his tongue over a spot then sinking his teeth in to make a pretty mark, repeating this as many times as he can while still bucking into the angel.
He’s having a hard enough time processing the fact that Castiel is the one that opened the door, wearing an expression just as confused as he’s sure his own is, but as he’s sure the trickster changed his own clothes, the trickster has also changed Castiel’s clothes.
Dean groans, hand palming harder against an ever-growing bulge, now leaning back against the wall. His head thunks hard against the metal as he leans it back, making a sound he prays to someone doesn’t travel to the rest of Bobby’s house. It’s just that he can feel the pleasure building at the base of his spine, and as he palms the right way his
They were down to just their bottoms, bare chests pressed against each other as Dean pressed a slow, sweet kiss to Cas’s lips. It was nice. But he wanted more. He wrapped his legs around Dean’s hips, tried grinding upwards to get Dean going, to get him to do what Cas wanted.
Skipping over what would’ve been a stellar fucking moment for a comeback about pinning Cas down, Dean focuses. “You can’t zap us out of here?”
It started out innocent enough, as it usually did, with Dean and Cas rolling into Dean’s bed in the bunker, slowly working each other up and getting each other hard.
If all the things in Purgatory weren’t trying to kill them, Dean might’ve tried to kill Cas when he and Benny finally caught up with the angel. Even Cas’s explanation of why he disappeared- trying to
“Cas,” Dean says, hoarse already, view of where exactly Cas’s exploring hands are going blocked by his head.
Dean, for his part, is struggling to contain his moans against the back of Cas’s neck. It was that Cas is barely able to contain his noises because of the way Dean is making him feel- the thought has him grinding hard against Cas’s ass, and he knows he’s not going to let go of Cas’s cock for a second to free his own- he’s made his peace with the fact that he’s probably going to make a mess in his pants because he’d die if he stopped hearing the little whimpers that Cas was making as he was getting close.
“He- he told-“ Dean can’t even get the words out, the thought a little too much for him. All of heaven kinkshaming him. That’s… if you told him a couple years ago that angels would be shaming him for a kink he tried one time for the benefit of the girl he was with, he would shoot you.
“I am very good at following orders,” Cas replies, and whether he’s being serious or sexy, Dean takes it.
“Speaking of, how’s the body handling the famine effects? All that red meat can’t be good for your body, angel or not, right?”
Cas is looking at him like he wants to ask for something, but he can’t quite articulate it, so his mouth is just a little bit open, eyes blue and bright. For a second, Dean just stares at him, before Cas mutters his name and his brain shifts into gear. He pulls off the angel’s trench-coat, blazer, tie. It’s almost like working with a statue- a very compliant statue- until he starts unbuttoning his shirt, and his fingers brush Cas’s bare skin, and Cas makes a little gasping moan. Just a tiny sound, but it’s apparent he’s so touch-starved that Dean hurries up, stripping off Cas’s shirt in a matter of seconds. He moves so start on Cas’s pants, only to find an already sizeable bulge in them.
Cas doesn’t say anything, only uses a hand in Dean’s hair to tug him back into place, starts sliding his cock into Dean’s mouth. Dean stays still this time, can’t even move to take more of Cas’s cock in his mouth because of the hand keeping him in place, and he can’t help the whine that bubbles out of his throat as he’s forced to take it inch by inch.
Obviously, there were problems. So when Sam called, and Cas happened to be closer to where Dean was than the hunter, he went after him. Call it stupid, call it reckless, but… he needed to know if the Dean he knew was still there.
“I know. I want to watch you come. You’ll do that for me, won’t you? Be good?” Cas teases, swipes his thumb over the head and twisting his hand as Dean’s cock throbs in his hand.
touch. Dean’s. He didn’t want to proposition him, not when he was so clearly suffering over his brother’s suffering, but the need wasn’t exactly going away.
Dean doesn’t really know what to do with that, and so he says, “No problem,” and they get out of the car, on their way to summon an archangel.
Cas bites down on Dean’s bottom lip, swipes his tongue over the bite, not really minding the loss of his own pleasure when squeezing the base of Dean’s cock makes him make
There’s a few seconds where Dean pants, struggling to get his breath back while Cas watches him carefully.
It’s a couple days later, after being zapped back to the past after telling Zachariah to suck it (which… may have been the cause of his ire and the spreading of his kink), while Sam is out doing research or something (Dean wasn’t really listening). There’s the telltale flutter of wings, and Dean sighs into his hands where he’s sitting at the table. No matter what angel is showing up to harass him, it can’t be good.
Cas sighs, ignores the jab. Guess he’ll have to get Dean back the hard way. He circles Dean, who doesn’t move, eyes following the angel around. There’s a moment where Cas pauses, and they’re just looking at each other.
and nudging his way between Cas’s thighs, pressing the head of his cock gently at Cas’s entrance, just to watch him inhale and close his eyes in anticipation.
Cas only doubles his efforts, gripping Dean’s cock the best he can through the fabric and sucking on as much as he can. While he can’t really get his mouth around it like he could with the panties off, he’s sure the moist fabric is creating all sorts of fun sensations against Dean’s cock, if how much precum has leaked into the fabric is evident.
He can only keep so many instincts back, though, and he finds himself groaning out Cas’s name, followed by, “You like that? Sucking on my cock like that? You gonna come in those shorts just from sucking me off?”
That slap was the last straw for Dean, abdomen tightening as he comes all over Cas’s fist with a wail of his name. Cas strokes him through it, his other hand rubbing over the marks on his thigh in a soothing way.
crawling on his skin, the angel seems to be completely naked. How he’s not freaked out by all the bees, Dean isn’t sure, but Dean sure is, so he keeps a healthy distance from the angel.
Which is how he finds himself standing in front of the motel door where Dean allegedly is, jaw tightening as he lands on a decision. He can hold his own in a fight. If he has to.
When Dean pulls back to ask if Cas is okay, Cas beats him to it with, “I’m fine, thank you. You’re keeping that outfit,” making Dean chuckle.
“Hasn’t what? Eaten? Drank? You can tell me, man, I’ll get you whatever you need. Nice to be able to help someone right now,” Dean says with a shrug, the last bit mostly to himself.
good way, precome slicking the way as he bucks his hips into the angel’s grip, lets moans and whines tumble from his lips as he gets closer.
wearing it, it was weird. Well, not necessarily weird, just… different. Depending on what he was wearing.
And he can’t help the way he arches into Dean’s touch, the way he shamelessly grinds his hips back up against Dean’s. He watches as Dean’s eyes flick black, and they don’t change
Sam was working or sleeping inside, so Dean was biting the bullet outside, leaned up against the hood of his car, hands in the pockets of his jacket.
orgasms before, during the last one, he’s coming himself, the squeeze of Cas’s hole around his cock just a little much for him, spurting into Cas in time with Cas pooling come on his own stomach, barely any this time.
He’s too far along, a hair’s breadth away from coming, when Dean slides his tongue in to brush against Cas’s the same moment he squeezes the angel’s ass. And that’s it, Cas is wailing into Dean’s mouth- most of the sound luckily muffled- as he comes in his pants, cock throbbing hard as it shoots in his underwear.
Before Dean can even say anything, Cas is bringing the bag over to where Dean is sitting on the bed, then pulling out different ones he had apparently gotten. “I didn’t know what you like, so I got a variety.”
Cas moves in eagerly, tongue flicking out to taste the head before he’s reaching up to hold it before Dean stops him.
So yeah, he punched him. And immediately got attacked by Cas and Sam, because he “””pissed off””” the cupid, but the punch was kinda worth it. Or so he thought.
Cas has learned from his mistake, underestimating Dean, and feints a swing at Dean’s head, throwing Dean off while he kicks him in the stomach instead, making him stumble backwards. Cas takes advantage to aim a punch at Dean’s face, and gets him in the nose, making that ache surely worse. Dean stumbles into the cabinet behind him, grin sliding off his face as his jaw tightens. A trickle of blood makes its way out of his nose, and he wipes at it, eyes narrowing as he shifts into game mode.
“I bet you want something from me. What is it? You want me to suck your cock? You want me to spread you open and fuck you?” The words sound absolutely
, hips jerking hard and a drop of precome landing on the sheets. Dean eyes the trail of his spit as it traces its way down to Cas’s hanging balls, leaving a shiny trail, and then he’s leaning in, digging a thumb into the rim of the angel’s hole, stretching him carefully and flicking his tongue over his hole.
“You’re only going to take what I choose to give you,” Cas ignores the silent begging as he talks in a soft voice.
Cas makes a confused sound, a questioning sound when Dean’s hand covers his mouth, but then Dean’s hand is cupping his cock through his pants and the pleasure makes him moan Dean’s name. If his mouth had been uncovered, he’s sure he would’ve attracted every monster within a half-mile radius.
The way he was talking to Dean… I mean, the way they were all talking to Dean, but then he was being locked up, and Cas was giving him this
, man,” Dean grimaces, landing on the end of the bed he’d been sleeping on and resisting the urge to hide his burning face in his hands. “I’ve killed… probably hundreds of monsters, at this point, and… and almost as many actual humans… told heaven to screw off more times than I can count and, and this is the thing they’ve decided to hold over me?”
Cas looks up at Dean, just to check if maybe he’s kidding, but he can see it in the way Dean looks at him. He’s not kidding. So Cas obediently puts his hands behind his back, seals his lips around the head of Dean’s cock and
Cas doesn’t respond, doesn’t rise to the bait but tries to swallow a moan, cock aching for touch as Dean splits him open. As he shifts to try and get a little bit of leverage, the new angel has Dean’s cock hammering against his prostate, and he drops with a badly-suppressed wail, pleasure overwhelming his sense and narrowing his focus to needing to come ASAP.
In reality, the pressure has become too much and Dean unzips his pants, pulls his cock out to finally get skin-on-skin contact and although it’s not Cas’s wet mouth sinking onto it, that thought has him already fucking
“Dean- I need-“ Cas’s hips twitch, and Dean says, “I know,” in a hoarse voice, undoing the angel’s pants- and only teasing a
“I got you,” Dean murmurs into Cas’s neck, nipping at his collarbone and thrusting harder, faster, anything Cas wants. He squeezes the head of Cas’s cock, rubs his thumb through the liquid leaking out the top.
He can feel Dean’s cock grinding against his ass, blocked by both Cas’s pants and Dean’s, but it doesn’t stop him from reminiscing on the last time Dean fucked him, and mourning that they had neither the time nor the safety to do that now. Instead he bucks into Dean’s hand, his own fisted against Dean’s thighs on either side of his, alternatively thrusting into Dean’s grip and grinding back against Dean’s cock.
When he pulled back, Cas was about to throw a fit about it, tug him right back but then Dean’s cock is pressing against his and it’s so
him, bobbing his head while sliding his tongue against the side of his cock and tightening his throat, and Cas almost can’t handle it, his sensitivity heightened because of how long Dean has been teasing him. As it is, the pleasure overwhelms his brain, so he can only moan and squirm under Dean’s ministrations, only take what he’s given.
“That’s right, that’s good,” Cas is murmuring, before landing another slap on Dean’s thigh, this one closer to his hipbone, in contrast with his words.
The second Cas can feel Dean’s teeth sink into his skin, Cas comes with a wail of Dean’s name on his lips, arching hard into Dean’s grip and cock spurting over his hand, over the mattress, making a mess. Dean feels the angel tighten around him, and the fucking
Dean stands up abruptly, needing to get some of this anxious energy out before he explodes, thoughts running wild through his mind. He wipes his hand on the thighs of his jeans, avoiding eye contact with Cas, who he’s sure is staring into his soul with that usual piercing gaze of his. He’s having trouble formulating his thoughts long enough to get them out, but he manages, “That was- that was one time, for a girl I liked, and it’s one of the few things I’ve never told anyone, the one thing that would get future me not to shoot
There’s a pause, where their breathing fills the air, and Cas can practically hear Dean’s pulse racing under his skin. Then Dean shifts his hips hungrily, and Cas presses his cheek against his cock, sliding his tongue up the side. The fabric is gross against his tongue, but it’s worth it for the noise Dean makes, bucking his hips up and groaning out Cas’s name.
, before he’s acquiescing and moving a hand from the angel’s hip to his cock, and fuck, he’s soaked his stomach
Cas just starts to moan Dean’s name, about to fall over the edge- again- when Dean completely detaches from Cas’s body-
He carefully slides his tongue into Castiel’s mouth, half-afraid he’ll just bite it off and half-afraid once he gets into it that the trickster will woosh him right out of there, wanting but unsatisfied. Nothing of either sort happens, and Cas kind of almost sighs while Dean licks his way into his mouth, and wow Dean needs to speed this up about 100%. Not just because, despite all his experience, he might just come in his pants from the way Castiel is sliding his tongue against his and rocking his hips the tiniest bit against Dean’s, but because the Porn Instincts
But the way Cas was looking at him stays with him, heats him up inside, makes him groan against the wall and start stripping, taking off the layers he’s sweating in despite the cool air making it inside the chamber, down to just the t-shirt.
Cas’s smile widens, and he flicks his tongue over where he’s pretty sure the slit in the head is, just to make Dean gasp and try to buck his hips again. Cas pins his hips to the bed with one hand, though, while he uses the other to squeeze at the base of Dean’s cock, rubbing the fabric against the hunter’s skin. Dean pants, eyes locked onto the crown of Cas’s head, dipping as he slides the suction of his mouth down the shaft of Dean’s cock and back up, wetting the fabric. Dean’s pretty sure he’s going to ruin this pair of panties. He’s also pretty sure it’s worth it.
There’s a silence both of them refuse to fill, while Dean processes and Cas thinks about how best to fix things. Not that it was his fault, but the messenger will always get shot.
“I don’t know what he has to do with this,” Cas responds, which normally Dean would roll his eyes at but Cas’s voice is so
“If I weren’t, I wouldn’t still be here,” Cas responds quietly, interrupting Dean’s train of thought, but Dean has to contend that yeah, Cas probably would’ve flown his ass out of here the moment Dean kissed him if he didn’t want it.
more open, and he can feel lube dripping from his entrance, sliding down to his balls, dripping to the carpeted floor.
The corner of Dean’s mouth twitches, holding the position until Cas’s eyes open and he frowns, opens his mouth to yell at Dean, beg, argue, something when Dean pushes
As he comes down from the high, his eyes open to catch Cas bucking into the loose circle of his fist, quietly whining in his throat. Dean takes pity on the angel, tightens his hand to jerk him off hard and fast, working him over good. After seeing Dean come on his hand, it’s not long before he’s coming himself, body arching in pleasure as he does his best not to wail Dean’s name, and it only mostly works.
“The angel cuffs? Really?” Cas turns back to face Dean, incredulity written into his face, but in actuality he can feel his cock twitch in his pants when he realizes he
, and Dean grabs his wrist, tugs him to the side and pushes on his back, pushes him into the wall. Cas collides hard with it, and then he spots Dean coming towards him and turns, barrels towards Dean and locks his arms around Dean’s middle, pushes him down to the ground.
sliding his tongue against Cas’s lips, clearly asking for permission, but Cas whines and rolls his hips up against Dean’s instead, and that’s. Well, it feels like a hard cock nudging Dean’s through his underwear.
Downstairs, Bobby has drunk himself into a stupor so he doesn’t have to hear anymore of those sounds.
Cas was flushed, sweat beading on his neck, and Dean had the sudden urge to lick it off. As he’s thinking that thought, his cock starts to harden in his jeans, which is
“So, uh,” Dean starts, tucking his cock back into his pants. “I’m guessing you don’t have any info on the leviathans.”
A pause. “You would have sex with me?” Cas is staring out the front window, expression unreadable per the usual.
The air is knocked out of Cas’s lungs, but he takes a swipe at Dean anyway, manages to catch him in the chest, knocking them apart for the time being again. Until Cas’s eyes flash, and his hand thrusts out, intending to use his powers to knock Dean back. Of course, it doesn’t work because
So he leans in again, pressing a relatively chaste kiss to Cas’s lips before pulling away- pulling a fun whine from the angel- but in an instant, he’s tugging Castiel’s trench coat off. He’s interrupted by a wave of Cas’s hand, and he’s naked, which at least startles Dean, suddenly faced with an expanse of skin he doesn’t normally get to see.
Just then, Cas starts making some funny hitching breath noises, cock twitching along with his hips. Dean realizes he’s getting close, so he pulls his fingers and tongue out, making the angel whine in disappointment.
with Rhonda was never really about her panties specifically, it was more the feel of them, the way they fit him, the way they made his dick look fucking
And Dean almost agrees, almost turns to go back and wait in the car when Cas turns to go get cleaning supplies, or Dean presumes, before Cas’s story about how his boss asked him out (he politely declined) sinks in. It’s the sudden possessiveness he feels that has him watching Cas walk away. His eyes lock onto the way the clothes shape Cas’s body, the way they tighten around him when he walks away, and without a second thought, Dean is following Cas back, past the rows of preservative-filled goodies to the back of the store. Dean hopes someone else is working at the gas station, to help customers, because Cas opens a door, enters a closet with a dim light, just enough to see paper towels and cleaners and the like lining the shelves, before Dean is following him inside and closing the door behind him.
Dean goes to nose at Cas’s ear, sliding his hands back up his abdomen and, unable to control his hips, gently rocking them against the angel’s. He intends to ask him a question, but he can’t resist the opportunity to nibble on his ear, prompting some sort of hybrid whine-moan from Cas and a buck of his hips against Dean’s. Dean remembers his goal, and he stills his hands to ask, “You okay with this? Going- the whole way?”
As it is, he’s far too busy dragging his eyes over Cas’s body (who really shouldn’t look that good in just a t-shirt and shorts) to notice Cas saying his name at least the first two times.
Cas frowns at the bulge in his pants, which Dean’s eyes had been carefully avoiding. “It wasn’t about… the scenario. I’m not interested in the pizza man or the babysitter. It was my vessel reacting to-“ Cas struggles for a second, words not quite working for him. Then he turns to Dean. “Is that something humans are really interested in? Being hit? As I understand it, that only happens when you’ve done something wrong. But the noises she was making…”
to teach you about foreplay some time,” he sees Cas’s hard cock, lying against his thigh, and he thinks this is fine, they can go slow another time. If there is another time. Hopefully there’s another-
there, lips suctioned to the base and tongue flicking over the spot he’d chosen, and need shoots through Cas.
“No, I haven’t seen him, I’ve been going around trying to find you both but you’ve been hard to pin down,” Cas responds with a frown, looking down at his own body as if noticing for the first time how undressed he is.
“Only if it’s with you,” comes Cas’s response, and the thought makes Dean groan again, lean his head back with a chuckle.
“I’m not upset with you, Dean. I understand you’re in pain,” Castiel interrupts, turning to face the hunter.
Cas frowns, or at least Dean thinks he does. He can’t see ‘cause of the. You know. The bees. “Why not? Nature has so much to offer. Feeling the flowers against my skin, the honey, the bees- it’s all a gift.”
It’s the angel thing that’s taken a while to settle in. Which is why, of course, when he’s woken up by the flutter of wings and a sudden weight on his bed, he has to restrain himself from groaning into his pillow. As it is, Cas is lucky Dean didn’t immediately shoot him or stab him.
And while the thought of monsters finding them because Dean is jerking him off shouldn’t be hot, because of the potential death and all, but the thought has Cas arching into Dean’s grip, now holding tight to Dean’s pants as the pleasure increases. Maybe it’s not the thought of getting caught, but the thought that Dean is making him feel good enough that he has to shout his pleasure to Purgatory- that others will know how Dean is debauching him.
Dean shakes his head, reaches up to hold the back of Cas’s head and pulls him back in, need taking over as he kisses him again. Cas is the unprepared one this time, just very briefly, before he kisses back, shoving the thoughts about the important stuff aside. Sure, maybe they have to find Adam, they have to convince both of them to not accept Michael, etc etc. On the other hand, Dean’s lips are really nice and soft against his own.
“That’s it… oh fuck,” Dean groans, lets his head hang as he pushes hard against the angel trapped beneath him. “I wanna fuck you.”
Cas tentatively grinds his hips down against Dean’s, then when the action shoots a bolt of pleasure to his cock, grinds harder, rubbing his cock against Dean’s. He can barely focus on the kiss with all the pleasure the action creates, and he moans as Dean fucks his mouth with his tongue, grinding back up against the angel. Cas pulls back from the kiss, panting heavily and flushed, hot under all his clothes, and tries to get out, “D- Dean- I need-“
Dean walks to the foot of the bed, stares down at Cas, body temperature rising as Cas looks up at him, trust implicit in his gaze. He’s also showing some interest already, a lump starting to form in his slacks.
, Cas. Some people are into that.” Dean pauses, while Cas mulls his words over. “I can… show you. How to take care of that. If you want,” Dean works out, tilting his head towards the elephant in the room (it’s Cas’s dick). He’s surprised he managed to get all that out considering he is
The position is intensely vulnerable, intimate, and it has Cas swallowing around the sudden dryness of his throat. “Dean?” he tries.
Dean chuckles, watching the way Cas presses against him, unable to control the way his body reacts to Dean’s touch. “That’s what I thought. Not so different from your normal Dean, am I? At least, your cock can’t tell the difference.”
He climbs onto the bed, bats Cas’s hand away from his cock, settles between his legs. Now that he has all this bare skin beneath him, he almost doesn’t know what to do with it, hands barely hovering over the skin, unable to make a decision. Then Cas makes a needy noise, hips shifting up towards Dean’s, and Dean’s hands settle on Cas’s abdomen, warm from being under all those layers, one hand sliding up to tease and pinch at a nipple, hardened in the cool air, the other sliding down to palm at the bulge in his underwear.
Instead of getting started on that, Dean chooses to run his hands over Cas’s back instead, mapping out skin and muscles he doesn’t get to see normally. Over the angel’s shoulders, his fingertips are barely touching, slowly down to where his tied hands are covering the small of his back, and by then his hands are
“Cas- I-“ is all he manages to get out before he’s spurting over Cas’s fist, coming with a groan of the angel’s name as he arches his back. Cas works him through it, until he’s done and the mess is gone with a wave of the angel’s hand, clothes back on them in another instant.
-“ Cas wails, hands ripping through the pillow as he comes, tight as a vice around Dean’s cock. Dean only lasts for a few more thrusts before he’s coming inside the angel with a moan of his name, and a few scattered whines from Cas.
- I’m gonna-“ and Cas isn’t letting up, sliding down and nose pressing against Dean’s abdomen for just a moment before sliding back up. And his throat tightens just the perfect amount as he’s moaning out what sounds suspiciously like Dean’s name and spurting come into the fabric of his shorts. It’s the darkening of the fabric while Cas makes the cutest o-face around Dean’s cock that has him tightening his hand in Cas’s hair while he leans hard against the wall, groaning Cas’s name while he comes down the tight vice of the angel’s throat, feeling Cas swallow around him before pulling his cock out, the last spurts of come landing so prettily on his mouth and cheeks.
it hits, and the sting starts, the pain setting in as Cas gasps out an expletive, twists in Dean’s lap. But the edge of pain ebbs into pleasure, and now Cas gets why people are into it.
on the side. “I never did find out what the secret was, but I got you some if you wanted to try it on.”
, trying to figure out what happened. The closest explanation he can figure is he pissed of the cupid a whole lot with his punch, and so he’s worked his magic on him and Cas, because Dean isn’t sure what else has the kind of power to make him and an
is making him lose his mind a little, and he jerks his hips just a little, just to make Cas buck his hips in surprise.
in bed. But problematic, because he’s always on the road. And now that he knows all that shit is the work of cupid- well, a cupid? An angel? He’s had his personal life fucked with enough by angels that he can’t imagine getting marked to fall in love with someone. He knows he wouldn’t exist without them, as apparently they hooked up his parents, which is just a thought he can’t live with.
sir, until he hears Cas’s sharp intake of breath, feels the way his hips shift excitedly against Dean’s.
“Oh no, I heard you,” Dean grins, looking down at the angel lying on top of him. The angel who had just said he wanted to “try something new”. “I just wanna know what an angel of the Lord wants to try during sex.”
The thought of Cas ruining his clothes because he got his mouth around Dean’s cock is what does it for him. He gasps, “Cas, I’m- don’t stop, just-
Dean sighs, and stands up, walking over to the angel and yanking the remote out of his hand, then turning the TV off. “We gotta get you a crash-course in electronics, man. And social norms.”
The visual is something to behold. He’s sure Sam would never ever believe him if he tried to describe it later. Cas has landed on the hood, sitting next to where Dean was. From what Dean can tell, under all the
After that weird second, he feels Castiel start to tentatively respond, moving his lips with Dean’s and bringing his hands up to tug on the short hairs on Dean’s neck, probably moved by the same instincts Dean is following. That shifts the feeling Dean has from “this is weird” to “this is good” real quick, and he swallows a groan, moving closer to the angel’s body to press up against him. What he isn’t expecting is to feel what is very clearly Castiel’s erection press up against his own, and oh look at that, he’s also already hard. Porn magic.
Cas looks back at him with the most lost-puppy look, and Dean kinda wants to smack a kiss right on his stupid lips but he waits for Cas to say something first. An affirmative yes, hopefully.
fuck into him. And Dean takes the opportunity, one hand gripping Cas’s hip and the other tangling in his hair, trying hard not to yank too hard but when he pulls just a little to manhandle Cas into the right position, the angel gives the breathiest moan, and he can’t really help himself, using his hair and hip to really pound into him. When he shifts just right, he starts hitting Cas’s prostate a good >70% of the time, and he knows the angel isn’t going to last when he starts making those hitching noises again.
angle change means Dean can get even deeper, and Cas’s cock is rubbing against the fabric of Dean’s t-shirt because he still hasn’t fucking taken his clothes off, literally just cock out (and in Cas) while Cas is butt-ass naked on the hood of his car. It trips some power-dynamic switch in his brain that has him groaning right back into the angel’s mouth, barely focused enough to nip at Cas’s lower lip, thrust his tongue messily into his mouth as he gets closer.
, Dean, I need to come, I want- I was so good, please make me come-“ before he’s moving his hand slightly faster on Cas’s cock. Not enough to make him come, though.
“It wasn’t just meat Jimmy was craving. That was the main need, yes, but Famine… awakened another need,” Cas explains, turning away from Dean to avoid eye contact.
Dean forces himself to pull back for a second, settling his forehead against Cas’s, but he’s taken aback when he opens his eyes to meet Cas’s electric-blue ones.
“I got you,” Dean murmurs into the nipple he’s currently nibbling on, and it’s the vibrations going directly to that knot of pleasure that does it for Cas.
“I’m not-“ Dean starts to argue on instinct, but remembers it’s Cas. “Still, you’ve been helping us with all this horsemen stuff. I shouldn’t have talked to you like that.”
that he groans, other hand clenching in the sheets next to Cas’s hips. He spreads the lube liberally, squeezing just a little bit before remembering
He’s thinking he could probably get a better angle pushing Cas face-first over the hood as opposed to on his back like he currently is, followed immediately by the thought that Cas coming on the hood would
The thought that the trickster has orchestrated this and could even be watching, which is weird, crosses his mind for a second, and it almost makes him stop but Castiel makes a low sound into Dean’s mouth, and it kinda short-circuits his brain. He decides he needs to make the angel make more of those noises right now.
He realizes they’re not normal cuffs, as he looked up at his hands, tugging uselessly at the bonds, and saw the markings.
“I’m not sure. You know I’m becoming more… human, less angel, but I seem to be fine. At least, I’m handling the meat craving part better now.”
“Please, Dean, anything you want, just- touch me-“ Cas begs, hands tugging hard at the cuffs. It negates his angel strength, too, otherwise he’d be breaking the headpost with his need. At least, this time Dean listens,  releases the base of Cas’s cock long enough to attach his mouth to the head instead. His tongue flits over the slit, and it makes Cas groan Dean’s name, eyes rolling back at the sensation.
Dean is now definitely sweating underneath his many layers (three? Four? Who knows), but he could care less, comfort taking a backseat in his mind to the way Cas’s mouth is hot and wet around him. While he loves fucking Cas, watching the faces he makes as Dean nails him in the prostate and jerks him off, he would privately admit he prefers fucking Cas’s mouth. There’s something that having an angel of the Lord on his knees for Dean that does it for him, ignoring his own pleasure in favor of Dean’s, pliant and willing and sincere as Dean fucks his throat.
appetizing. An angel of the Lord, wearing nothing (for Dean) but a nice, lacy pair of white panties, maybe with little bows-
When Castiel appears in his line of vision, he lets out another sigh, this one closer to relief. At least he wasn’t going to have to tell Zachariah to fuck off again. He knows Zachariah can’t hurt him, but surely, at some point, there would be one too many “fuck off”s and he’d probably get beat up.
it’s different, but… anything I can do. Really,” Dean says, and he does mean it. For all Cas has done for them-
Then Cas is kissing him again, mouths moving hotly against each other as they pant and moan between kisses. Dean swipes his thumb over the head of Cas’s cock, finds it leaking precome, works the liquid down his cock to make a soft squelching sound, loud when the only other sounds are working their way out of the hunter and the angel’s throats, or from the way Dean’s tongue sips into Cas’s mouth, sliding against his. At the feeling, Cas moans, high in his throat, hand stuttering on Dean’s cock as his hips buck into the touch, using the leverage his position has to do so.
Then, suddenly, Dean’s hand is closing around Cas’s cock, still slick with Dean’s saliva and it feels so
in these clothes, and so it’s nice to see some skin as the blazer goes, then the tie, then the button-up. Most of these get put to the side, but on second thought, Dean holds the tie in his hands.
Cas eagerly strips off his pants, tossing them aside once he undoes them and getting some relief once the pressure on his cock comes off, but as his thumbs hook into the band of his underwear, Dean says, “No.”
At the touch of Dean’s hands to where his cock is protruding the front of his slacks, Cas moans, leaning his head back and pressing into Dean’s touch. Dean looks up from the task at hand and sees Cas’s bared neck, and can’t help himself, attaching his mouth to it to make a mark while he takes a little longer to unbutton Cas’s pants than strictly necessary. Cas whines, eyes fluttering shut as he rocks his hips up against Dean’s hand, his own fisting in the sheets. The corner of Dean’s mouth twitches upwards as he circles his grip around Cas’s cock through his slacks, gives a quick squeeze just to make Cas groan,
The phrase punches Dean in the gut so he’s winded for a second, and he really can’t handle the kind of emotions it’s making him feel so he kisses Cas hard, taking a grip on his cock to wrench some more moans out of his mouth instead of words that make his heart and brain crumble. He can feel Cas hard in his palm, and when he swipes his thumb over the head (making Cas inhale sharply), he can feel the viscous fluid leaking out and making things slick.
It turns dirty real fast, as Dean sucks on Cas’s tongue and makes him groan, and when he presses forward he can feel Cas’s distended crotch pressing against his own. He knows he needs to get this show on the road, so he starts guiding Cas backwards towards the bed, until he can feel a thump as the back of Cas’s knees hit the edge of the bed. Still, kissing Cas is making him hotter, already sweating under the many layers he’s wearing. Luckily Cas is along the same line of thinking, hands finally pulling off the overcoat, then unbuttoning the vest.
“ and then Cas’s back is arching hard right off the bed as he comes, cock spurting all over his abdomen as he cries out Dean’s name.
“Oh, now you want it?” Dean asks, condescending. “Well, if you want it so bad, go ahead and beg for it.”
Then they’re both done, and Dean is trying to extricate himself from the grip of Cas’s thighs, pulling out with a face. Cas lies back down on the hood, tries to catch his breath.
for once, the feel of his slightly chapped lips pressing against his own, how he squeezed his eyes shut so he wouldn’t have to see Cas’s reaction (sue him, he’s worried he’s going to get smote- smited? Smitten?), the feel of the cloth of Cas’s tie in his hand, taut where he’s pulled at it-
Dean squeezes around the base of his cock, swipes a thumb over the head, twists his hand as he strokes and he’s
but of course his body couldn’t help but react to a shirtless Dean, particularly one that was pinning him to the ground. So sue him.
at the action, but he’d deny it later), walking over to the bed and- well, dumping Cas on his back. He starts to strip off his shirt, but pauses a second to just admire the way Cas is looking at him, dilated eyes wide and mouth open, breath coming out in short pants while he watches Dean strip. When Cas’s eyes flick to his, Dean blinks and continues, shirt coming off and onto the floor, unbuttoning his pants and stripping those down. After a beat, Cas follows suit, getting his trenchcoat, blazer, and tie off before Dean joins him on the bed, settling between his legs. He bats Cas’s hands away, undoing the button-up with speed and efficiency, then moving to do the same for his pants.
of all people (uh… beings), he knows he’s not gonna last long, not with how long he was hard in his pants.
that the feelings Dean is inspiring with his touch are much stronger than any in the vessel’s past, which he’ll blame on Famine effects. With a hand, he waves away his underwear so he can get his cock
“I do. And Sam does too. Don’t make this harder than it has to be,” Cas tries to coax him, moves a bit closer.
Soft and unsure turns into harder and very sure as instinct takes over and Dean tilts his head, slotting his mouth just right against Cas’s and moving his lips, creating soft wet sounds in the quiet of the room they’re in. It’s perfectly still, and Dean would love to take his time, but he knows they’re on a time limit and Cas has a goal.
So he’s not really surprised when the scene he and Sam were in vanishes and he’s suddenly standing in a hallway, wearing what looks like a pizza delivery boy uniform but make it
“Y-“ Dean can’t really articulate what he’s feeling. Common enough around Cas. He sighs, tries again. “Are you- I mean, are you sure? About-“ Dean doesn’t need to finish his sentence.
But then, Cas pulls back, fists a hand in Dean’s hair to keep him down even as he tries to lean up to chase Cas’s mouth. Dean lets out a moan at the tug on his hair, just bordering pain and pleasure, as he looks up at Cas with pleading eyes.
“Dean, I’m- something’s-“ Castiel can barely get words out anymore as his eyes close and his eyebrows knit together, hips grinding up against Dean’s like he can’t get enough. Dean knows the angel won’t last long, and honestly despite all his experience he’s not going to last much longer either, the image of Cas writhing beneath him, flushed, sweaty skin on display just a little too much for him to take in.
. He uses the precome beading at the head, swipes his palm over it, spreads the best he can down his cock, lubricating the way and making him groan as quietly as he can. Mind Cas is looking up at him as he licks his way down Dean’s cock, pink lips stretched wide around the middle and getting closer and closer to the base.
They’ve wasted enough time already, they know that, so Cas only lets them come down for a few seconds before he’s waving away the mess and tucking his cock away.
Dean opens his mouth to say something, but Cas leans in to kiss him, presses his lips hard against the hunter’s, tugging him closer by the overcoat. It’s only a little bit of a surprise to Dean, whose hands tighten around Cas’s wrists before sliding them up his arms, around his waist as he kisses the angel back. Cas must be eager, as he’s using the tricks Dean’s taught him, already sliding his tongue into Dean’s mouth to flick against his lips, teeth, tongue.
There’s a beat. Dean is flushed, looking into Cas’s eyes and trying to tell if he’s joking, but of course he never jokes.
He’s so lost in thought when he reaches the top of the stairs that he nearly bowls over Cas, who seemed to be standing at the window and fidgeting. Well, until Dean nearly ran into him.
He releases Castiel’s neck to pause and admire the forming mark, meaning to pause in his little role completely to ask if Cas is really okay with this, before Cas interrupts him with, “Dean, I want- let me-“ and he’s guiding Cas down the wall to his knees, until a freaking
Dean pries Cas’s lips open with his tongue, skates his hand down to grasp Cas’s cock, plenty hard from sucking Dean off. Cas makes a broken sound into Dean’s mouth, pleasure overloading his brain and barely able to flick his tongue back against Dean’s, jerking his hips into Dean’s grip. Dean gets the message and starts jerking him off quick, using the precum leaking out as lube to smoothen his grip. Cas can barely breathe, shaky on his elbows as he thrusts the best he can into Dean’s grip, groaning when Dean starts twisting on the upstroke. Seeing Dean come was just too much for him, and so he doesn’t last long before he’s moaning, “Dean, I- I’m, I think-“
“Dean, it’s still- I still need, I want-“ Cas can’t get the words out, still out of breath but desperately trying to convey what he needs.
Dean’s fingers unclench from the chair and he wraps his arms around Cas’s waist, pulling him closer and flicking his tongue back against Cas’s. At this, Cas makes a low groan in his throat, shifting his hands on Dean’s shoulders to card through Dean’s hair, tonguing the roof of the hunter’s mouth. Dean feels the vibrations travel through his mouth and a bolt of heat laces down his spine, officially shutting down the Figure Things Out hunter part of him for at least until he gets to see Cas come crying his name. And
Another beat. Dean searches Cas’s eyes, looking for anything, any lies, and it’s hard to read someone you’ve known a short time, especially when they’re a freaking
He feels a brief moment of vindication over Sam, who kept telling him he was confusing reality with porn, before the situation sets in and his face scrunches up. He’ll play along to stay alive, sure, but he’s not about to do a porn scene with his freaking brother. Gross.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean grumbles, but he’s almost eager as he noses his way down Cas’s neck, down his abdomen, idly flicking his tongue through the mess on Cas’s stomach just to hear the choked noise the angel makes when he sees Dean do that, down to his cock, hard against his stomach.
The final kick lands him against the fence, and then he’s on the ground, the taste of metal filling his mouth as he spits up blood. The thing was that each of those punches felt like
Cas barely gets out a moan of Dean’s name before he’s arching his back like he’s been electrocuted and coming across Dean’s hand and his own stomach, and Dean follows quickly behind with a groan, the image of Cas coming apart under his hands perma-sketched in his mind for spank bank material.
Then reality comes crashing in, Dean letting Cas down and pulling away from his face, lust not clouding his vision anymore.
And then they came back from the trip, which gave Cas about 15 heart attacks on the way, and Dean was wearing a completely different outfit than the one he left in. Cas isn’t sure what happened while the two hunters were gone- he’s sure he’ll get the full story sooner or later- but the shiny new sheriff’s badge on Dean’s chest tells a story.
He settles his hands on Cas’s cheeks, rubbing and gripping while he sinks his teeth into the back of Cas’s neck, drawing almost a mewl from the angel, before he continues his earlier path down the other’s spine, kissing and nipping here and there. Normally, he probably wouldn’t have even considered this, but something in his gut is
That’s it for Dean, who’s groaning Cas’s name and coming over his hand, pleasure exploding at the base of his spine.
There’s a beat that lasts an eternity, a whirlwind of thoughts filling Dean’s head. How satisfying it is to feel Cas shut
In his bones, Cas knows it’s wrong. This demon Dean is- is different. Definitely not his. And he prefers the old one. But he’s pinned down, and the fact that he couldn’t break his way out of this- that Dean is
He’s at least a little disappointed, because he would’ve liked to strip the angel down, but right after he says, “I have
“I don’t think so. I’ve seen you come untouched before, and you’re going to do that for me, aren’t you? I know you can,” Dean teases, thrusts harder and tugs at Cas’s hair when he doesn’t get an immediate response.
Dean misses the days when he got a full night of sleep. Well, at least a few hours. He doesn’t think he’s ever gotten like, a full night of sleep.  Probably never in his life.
situation sets in with them and Dean is making the kiss dirty, circling his arms around the angel’s neck, tugging at his hair and using the resulting gasp to sliding his tongue into the other’s mouth.
Dean establishes a rhythm, carefully speeding his thrusts into Cas’s mouth over time, clothes feeling tight as he gets closer. Cas flicks his tongue over the head when it passes by, slides it over the underside and does his best to coil it around, wanting Dean to come in his mouth incredibly bad.
feel good but the moan Cas lets out into his mouth says otherwise. Dean is also very aware that they are out in the open, and could be interrupted at any moment, so he pulls back from Cas to unbutton his pants, whip out his cock to then press against Cas’s.
It appears next to them on the bed with Cas barely lifting a finger, and Dean lets go of his cock to grab it, making Cas groan and needily buck his hips, cock slapping against his stomach.
Cas raises his hands to hold the pillow beneath his head, holding on for dear life as a knot of pleasure builds at the base of his spine, the slick of Dean’s hand just a little too much for him. And looking down to see Dean’s lips wrap around one nipple, teasing it and tugging at it until Cas is whining his need, bucking his hips into Dean’s touch. Through the haze of pleasure, he can see Dean pull his mouth off his abused nipple, leaving it hard and shiny before moving to the other one and pulling all sorts of noises from the overwhelmed angel.
Each pinch sends a shock down to his cock until it’s aching in his pants, and he’s getting antsy on the sheets, one hand fisting in them while the other pulls at an abused nipple.
Dean moans, trying to nod his assent the best he can with a cock in his mouth, but one of his hands twitches towards his cock anyway, wanting to relieve the built-up
Cas is interrupted the lights start going out in the hallway behind Dean, progressively getting closer and closer to the end of the hall, where the room is. Dean can almost hear the trickster pitching a fit about them playing along, so he sighs, pushes forward into the room, closes the door behind him.
“Y-“ Dean rolls his eyes, drops the accent. “Never mind.” He pushes Cas down onto the bed, settles himself between his legs, settles a hand in Cas’s hair. “You gonna do what the sheriff orders you to do?”
“Well, we can’t have these,” Cas hears Dean hiss in his ear, and a hand tug hard on his trench coat, and then all of a sudden he is
and they just feel so nice up against your- uh-“ He’s flushed, and he refuses to finish that sentence, avoiding eye contact with Cas.
He turns his head to wail into the pillow, still very aware that other people are present in the building that would
Cas flicks his eyes away, hands twitching uselessly at his sides, like they don’t know where to go. “The… women’s underwear. You said you- you liked it. I was- I’m… curious.”
“I already said yes, Cas. If you want this- or need this- then c’mon,” and now Dean lets go of Cas’s shoulder, flicks his head towards the bedroom he’s staying in, then walks towards it. He’s trying to convince himself he’s not hoping Cas will follow, that whether he gets to go to sleep or fuck Cas doesn’t matter to him either way, but he can feel it deep down.
“Dean?” It’s rare Castiel sounds so unsure, and Dean doesn’t think he likes that inflection in the angel’s voice. It makes him nervous.
it, feels guilt seeping into every bone in his meatsuit as he knows he definitely could’ve kicked his way out of this one by now, especially since Dean’s sensitive bits are out. One well-placed kick, and he could be out of there in an instant, or he could’ve used his powers to put his clothes back on-
to Cas earlier flashes through his mind and now Mind Cas is sliding his hands from Dean’s shoulders to his pants, undoing them, getting down on his knees and sliding his mouth over Dean’s cock.
The thought is put aside when Cas pushes back, says he’s happy working the gas station, and he won’t go with Dean to investigate the, uh… exploding people. But after a little convincing, and some puppy-eyes, Cas agrees, but first he has to clean up the bathroom.
Cas’s noises always make Dean hard, though, so he shifts the angel a little higher, lightly thrusting as much as he dares without taking the shelves down, his own hard cock trapped in his pants. He doesn’t think he could stop now to get their cocks out, pressed against each other, skin to skin, because making Cas come always makes him feel like he’ll die if they stop.
sound from the angel), and slathers lube on his own cock. He loves seeing Cas squirm, but getting his hand on his cock after so long feels so
“Like I was saying, you look naked without it. So I wanna make you come, in your pants, in this closet while you should probably be working, but you just look so cute when I press you into the closest surface,” Dean ends with a slight smile, before he’s working Cas’s vest and shirt open.
It’s a soft, muted deep blue, with just the tiniest bit of lace trim, the material soft and satiny and slipping through Dean’s fingers in a way that he knows will feel great against his junk. He swallows, his throat dry. “This one.”
“Are you- are you talking about a barter system? I didn’t think the humans had another form of payment besides money. Although I’m not sure what you’d consider the equivalent of two large pizzas-“
That was sarcasm. Zachariah sucks and Dean should’ve expected not to be able to trust him to keep anything to himself.
Then, it’s like autopilot kicks in and he’s jerking Dean off the same way Dean is doing him, until Dean groans not entirely in pleasure. Cas pauses, confused, until Dean grabs the hand that’s jerking him off, slides his tongue over the palm (making Cas whine) and does the same for his own hand jerking Cas off. Then he returns to stroking the angel’s cock, groaning and tilting his head back when Cas returns as well, both of them making quiet noises in the silence of the alley as they work each other closer to the edge.
“You- we’ve gotta take care of that, can’t let you walk around like that,” Dean shakes his head, tries to help Cas avoid sitting on his ass.
“Just trust me. It gets good,” Dean mumbles into his cock, flicking his tongue out for one more taste (and one more moan from Cas) before teasing a little longer, then carefully sliding one lubed finger in, eyes locked on Cas’s face. To his credit, Cas takes it pretty well, eyebrows only creasing a little as he adjusts to the foreign sensation.
and it’s only years of experience and the willpower of some god that has Dean not coming right there and then. He slides home easily, conveniently, and he doesn’t even have any time to adjust before Cas is thrusting back against him, taking Dean’s cock eagerly. The pleasure is like a punch to the gut, but Dean adjusts quickly, pulling back and then thrusting in again, making Cas moan, rather high-pitched for what the usual register of his voice is.
“I’ll be fine, I… I think I like the way it feels,” Cas frowns, but he can’t help if the way his burning ass feels against the fabric of his underwear shoots a shiver up his spine.
Castiel says, “Hello, Dean,” and it interrupts Dean’s train of thought, so he focuses his attention on the angel in front of him.
Cas turns around, startled with that puppy-dog look of confusion on his face, and he asks, “Dean? What are you doing?”
“Rafael can wait,” said in a rough voice is all the warning Dean gets before Cas is taking him by the arm to woosh them somewhere, and suddenly he’s on his back in a bed, Castiel on top of him on his hands and knees, looking down at him in almost curiosity.
do that, mouth a little full and busy, so he settles for whining instead, trying to get across that he
Like sure, kept awake by nightmares. Woken up by monsters. Woken up by Sam having nightmares. Yeah. That, he’s used to.
“I was worried about you,” Cas replies gruffly, hands coming to grip the front of Dean’s overcoat. “If you had been lost in the past… I brought you there. It would’ve been my fault.”
Cas’s erection poking his thigh, still clothed, but as Cas shifts and pleasure runs up his spine, he starts minutely grinding his cock against the hunter’s thigh.
There’s a moment where they’re both struggling for breath, taking a second to breathe, when Cas’s tongue flicks out to catch some of Dean’s come that had landed on his lips, and Dean groans out, “
Dean presses a kiss to Cas’s lips, who kisses back needily, before guiding the angel onto his hands and knees in front of Dean, ass raised temptingly in the air.
He feels the bed dip, and when his eyes open, he sees Dean has taken a seat at the foot of the bed, hand now stroking his cock- Cas didn’t even see him take it out. He whines, misses the touch of Dean’s skin to his, but he can’t get the right sentiments out, opting for moans and Dean’s name instead. He grasps at his cock through his underwear, does his best to stroke it, jerk off and work himself up.
For his part, Dean takes it in stride, feeling his own cock strain in his underwear but he figures Cas’s- affected by Famine- need might outweigh his own. So he spits down into his hand (and on Cas’s cock) to help smooth things along, and the strangled noise that leaves Cas’s throat is totally worth it, as well as watching the slick of his spit slide down the side of Cas’s cock, leaving a shiny trail. He rubs his palm over it, swipes his thumb over the head of the angel’s cock, then starts jerking him off, harsh and fast to match his need. He could make it slow and sweet, but he figures Cas wouldn’t appreciate it, so he leans down to take a hard nipple between his teeth, nipping at it, then flicking his tongue against it.
Castiel doesn’t get a chance to respond because Dean is guiding him down to lay on the bed on his back, Dean between his legs and stripping off his own shirt, and now he gets to see how flustered Cas actually is. His hands hovering above the sheets like he’s not quite sure what to do with them, his lips are puffy and slick with spit, and he’s developing a nice flush high on his cheekbones and down to his chest, where his nipples are hard in the chill of the room and wow Dean needs to get his hands on him like, yesterday.
The words roll right off of Dean, who, even though he asked, really couldn’t care less about how Cas knows. The angel wouldn’t lie to him. Especially when only Zachariah could’ve known.
“What, him? The Dean you knew? Of course not. I’m Dean 2.0. I think you like the one who can hold his own in a fight against you better,” Dean murmurs with a smile, still lazily pushing his cock- trapped in his jeans- against the one trapped in Cas’s pants.
The intrusion has Cas feeling light-headed with pleasure, having missed how Dean’s cock opens him up. “And… I want you to come in me. Fill me up. Make me yours.”
“Dean-“ Cas squirms, but Dean’s thighs- now also bare, as he can definitely feel skin-to-skin contact- are on either side of his hips, pinning him in place, Dean’s hands still holding his wrists to the floor.
“And we still have lots of time together, which means you can slow down,” Dean coos, pressing a soft kiss to Cas’s jaw.
“I don’t care,” Dean hisses, and a particularly hard thrust has the shelves shaking, rattling the supplies they hold. Not that it matters, because Cas whines, fingers scrabbling at Dean’s shirt as his eyes roll back in pleasure. “I want them to know you’re already taken. And you do too, don’t you? You’d let me mark up your whole body if it meant you got to come.” And
“You mentioned wanting, to, uh… be. Slapped. By a girl wearing a Zorro mask, if I’m not mistaken,” Cas says, eyes now trained on the ceiling, head tilted back.
At least, he thinks so, as Dean is suddenly sliding his mouth down onto Cas’s cock, throat tightening around him as he takes him to the base, and he
Dean notes both their voices are already shot to hell, gruff under normal circumstances but practically hoarse and all they’ve done is a little kissing. He can’t wait to see what kind of noises Castiel makes.
It’s then that Dean pulls off Cas’s cock, his mouth making a popping noise as he sits back, eyes trained on the angel’s cock twitching in need.
Not that he’s there yet. He’d probably come too soon if he did that right now. So he works up to it, nudging his cock further until he can feel the head nudging the back of Cas’s throat, Cas’s lips now pressed to Dean’s hand where he’s holding his cock in place. Cas’s eyes have closed in pleasure as he grips at his own wrists behind his back, mindpower focused on swallowing around the cock practically in his throat, ignoring his own throbbing in his pants with need.
