“Don’t lie to me.”
Cas sighs again. “What is it that you want from me, Dean?”
“You’re beautiful,” Cas says softly, propping himself up on his arms to look down at Dean, gaze just as piercing as it’s always been, seeing down into the undeniable core of him.
It isn’t too late to fix the damage he’s done, Dean tells himself. They finish working a case outside of Chicago and Dean picks up some last-minute tickets to
Dean shrugs. “There are pieces of you all over the country, you know? A little of your grace in every person you’ve healed. That’s awesome.”
“Jerk,” Dean says, and kisses Cas again.
Cas huffs a little laugh. “You’re going to keep surprising me forever, aren’t you?”
“Yeah,” Cas says.
Before he can stop himself, he blurts out, “What’s that supposed to mean?”
Dean and Cas head down to the beach. They sit next to one another in the shade of their rented umbrella, watching as some nearby kids make sand angels.
Dean thinks long and hard about it. Thinks about all the times people have told him they loved him and he hadn’t believed it, had seen too clearly the disconnect between words and actions, between who he is and who he wishes he could have been. About all the people who had never said anything to him at all. It had been just one item on a long list of uncertainties.
“Okay?”
“Hm?” the clerk says, not looking up from his computer screen as he types.
s thoughtfully. He pulls out a plaid shirt with a color combo Dean might generously call
“Yeah,” Dean says, “I know. That’s what I’m saying. You know I’d never really thought about it before, all the mundane shit people die of? But the CDC keeps track of it—don’t stop.” Cas obliges, works his fingers along Dean’s length, flicks one across the head. “You know the other year more than fifty thousand people died from the flu? And more than twice that from strokes, more than triple from accidents.” Cas grazes his free hand along Dean’s side, runs his thumb over Dean’s nipple, and for a second, he loses his train of thought. “And then—and then, when you get up into stuff like cancer and heart disease, the numbers are so big you can barely even conceive of it. More than half a million people each.”
Cas turns so he can kiss Dean properly. Dean closes his eyes and kisses back, opens his mouth when Cas licks at his bottom lip. When Cas moves to start trailing kisses down his neck, Dean asks, “You think he’s actually gonna call?”
Cas is silent for a few long seconds, then he sighs and says, “He threw all my mistakes back in my face. Told me that there was no reason for me to go back. That he knew who I loved, and what I feared, and that there was nothing for me here.”
Castiel, Angel of the Lord, fount of knowledge, can give you the exact date and time down to the millisecond, and if you tell him that it doesn’t match what your clock says, he’ll tell you your clock is wrong. Cas knows the when and where of every major occurrence in human history since there were any humans for there to be history about, and quizzing him about it is one of Dean’s favorite games to play, sometimes to show him off and sometimes just for his own amusement.
Cas frowns at him. “What do you mean?”
“We should fuck,” Dean says.
. Dean feels like he’s seen these episodes a dozen times, so he leans over towards Cas instead of watching the screen, kissing along his jaw. Eventually he gets tired of waiting for Cas to turn towards him, so he reaches up a hand to move Cas’ face himself.
“You don’t have to wait for me,” Dean says, eyebrow raised as he takes a seat.
“No kidding,” Sam says. He drums his fingers against the table. “He goes to get intel from another angel, and somehow that turns into stopping by a demon-infested bar before disappearing for a week?”
“You’re biased.”
“You hadn’t thought about it,” Sam says, deadpan. “Really.”
“Yep.” She holds out her hand. “Name’s Krissy,” she says as they shake. “You’re the guy with the cool car.”
“I want to,” Dean says. “I want to know what it’s like to fall asleep next to you.”
“I mean it,” Cas says. “You were great.”
Dean flushes. “No, of course not,” he says. “I just. I don’t trust those assholes, man. You at least gotta let me come with you--”
“Hmm,” Sam says, pursing his lips. “Apocalypodes?”
Dean figures Cas probably isn’t hungry, either, if he doesn’t need sleep right now, but Cas says yes when Dean offers him breakfast.
Dean grins, walks over and opens it in a rush, finds Cas standing there looking almost sheepish, shifting from one foot to the other. He says, predictably, “Hello, Dean.”
“Yeah,” Cas says, and leans back in.
Dean has seen enough people come back to life at this point that he has a pretty good idea of what it’s supposed to look like. It’s a story whose beats he knows, and the better you know something, the more you notice the deviations.
They sit quietly for a moment, neither of them venturing to look up. “Anyway,” Dean says eventually, breaking the silence, “you seem all right to me. For what it’s worth.”
As they stand in the parking lot afterwards, Cas shifts from foot to foot while Dean bounces his keys in his hand. Sam has already slid into the passenger seat and is probably half asleep leaning against the window.
Dean smiles wryly. “So it goes.”
Dean snorts in spite of himself. “Gee, thanks.”
Dean watches him for a moment, smiling, before returning to his book. He’s nearing the halfway point when Cas finally wakes up, stretching across the blanket as he yawns.
“The door opens,” Charlie says. “Do you make your way inside?”
He’s lying completely still, trying to move his poor body as little as possible, when Cas appears in his doorway. “What did you do with my plants?” he demands.
Dean frowns. “Okay, well, I hate to admit it, but Sam is actually right. You do need to eat something at some point.”
Cas smiles and puts the bottle to his lips, taking another swig as he looks out at the road. If he squints, he can see another rest stop on the westbound side. He hadn’t noticed it as they’d passed, but he knows exactly where he’d find the vending machines.
Dean groans. “Castiel-- Cas. Those places are sketchy as hell.” Castiel huffs. “We’ll-- listen, we’ll get you a bank account, okay? We can go, uh. Whenever we’re next off at the same time, get you all set up.”
“Good night, Jack,” Cas says. “It’s good to have you back.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, bewildered. “No problem.” He takes a seat next to Castiel and half-watches TV as Castiel finishes his cereal in silence.
Dean is restless while Cas is gone. He does what he can to channel his anxious energy into something useful -- cooking meals for everyone, sorting through the boxes they’d unceremoniously shoved into storage when they cleaned out the bedrooms, going down to the shooting range with the kids, answering the phones as he tries not to constantly check his own.
“Sure,” Cas says.
, he texts Sam.
Dean reaches his hand up, lays it over Cas’ own where it still rests against his cheek. “How’d you get so good at this, huh?” he asks, a little hoarsely. He runs his thumb against Cas’ knuckles and hopes he gets what he means—this tenderness, this comfort, this honest emotion. All of it.
“So, you…” Charlie says.
He leans in to get a closer look, startling and backing away from the screen at the sound of approaching footsteps.
“He’s waiting outside,” Dean says, shifting to hold his phone between his ear and shoulder so he can continue packing while he talks. “He was here before me.”
“Yep.”
“He looked like me, and he was...angry. He didn’t want to let me go. He just wanted me to go back to sleep. To give up.”
Cas swallows, shakes his head.
Cas hesitates, looks away, down at his glass. He runs a finger along the rim. “I was,” he says miserably.
Dean usually just toughs it out, bundles up in layers inside his apartment and sits under blankets and eats a lot of soup. That’s what he’s resolved to do this year, right up until he gets up for work one day and finds Cas curled up into a ball on the couch. When Dean gets a little closer, he can see Cas shivering in his sleep.
Dean laughs humorlessly. “Stay in school.” He tears the notice off the door swallowing hard as he goes inside.
“Non-douchebaggery?”
“Yes,” Cas says. “I was…”
Hannah nods, looking up as everyone else reenters the dining room and settles around the table. Once they’re all seated, they look expectantly at Charlie.
He stands over Cas once he’s done, looking at the wings he’s drawn in the sand, stretching out from where Cas lies. “So,” he says. “What do you think?”
Dean opens his mouth meaning to say,
He looks at his phone as he walks home from work, stares at the single-digit balance, counts out the number of days left until his next paycheck. It won’t be enough to make any real difference, and for a fleeting moment, he considers disappearing again. Using his last few dollars to put some more gas in the Impala and seeing how far it’ll get him. But even if things didn’t have a way of catching up with him, he figures that’d be a pretty dick move, leaving Castiel to wonder what the fuck happened to him.
Beside him, Dean hits pause on whatever he was watching, taking off his headphones and closing his laptop.
“Sorry,” Cas murmurs. He starts to pull his hand away, but Dean catches it with his own. When Cas looks back, Dean meets his gaze. He’s smiling.
“I did have a good time,” Cas says, “with you.”
“Have a nice nap?” Dean asks.
“Oh? Like what?” Dean asks, generously deciding not to mention that Cas was the one who found this hunt in the first place.
“Jesus,” Dean says. He feels sick to his stomach.
“Hey,” Dean says. “Hey, it’s okay. You’re gonna be all right.”
Cas hesitates. “It’s...complicated.”
Rowena opens a portal that dumps them out right down the hall from Cas’ cell.
“I dunno,” Dean says, picking at a loose thread near his knee. “I mean. We’ll be hanging out and having a good time or whatever, but there’s always that-- that moment where I realize this is temporary, or that I’m gonna screw it up somehow, or that you don’t want the same thing I want--”
Max holds his hands up defensively. “All right, all right, I get it,” he says. “We’re just curious. I mean, you hear about a dude with a hundred foot wingspan, who wouldn’t be.”
“Unbelievable,” Dean says. “You were the one who wanted to try this domestic bullshit, and now you wanna just, what? Tap out for a day? Well, some of us would like to keep a roof over our heads, so.”
“I do now,” Cas says. “No promises about the rest of our lives.”
“I plead the fifth,” Dean says, holding his hands up defensively. “Anyway, it just seems like a good idea is all.”
Cas doesn’t even look up. “Doing what?”
“So you already know what I’m going to ask.”
“Well,” he says, “God is gone. Is this still what you want?”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says.
“So, uh,” Dean says. He looks at Cas for a long moment, corner of his mouth twitching with the effort of, undoubtedly, fighting his desire to tease Cas about his unceremonious return to consciousness. Instead, his expression ultimately settles to something more neutral, mouth a flat line and eyes fixed on the table as he says, “You were right. I’m a coward. I’m sorry.”
“Honestly? That sounds great,” Charlie says, grinning. “So anyway, how about you? What’s new?”
He retreats to his room, grabbing his laptop and sitting on his bed. He spends a few hours browsing the news, running a few searches, taking notes as he goes. He has three possible hunts in mind by the time he heads back out into the bunker to track Sam down.
Dean wanders around behind him as he tends to his plants, tries to spy things he recognizes. “I read that you can grow green onions from scraps,” he says, as Cas plucks some shriveled leaves from his sage. “Seems pretty easy. If you could get that going, we’d probably never have to buy them again.”
Cas looks up at Dean, squinting as he searches his memory. “Siken?”
when Dean takes a deep breath and says, “You get that this is it for me, right?”
He digs a screwdriver out of the junk drawer in the kitchen, and with a little elbow grease, the bookshelf is still a little beat up but much steadier. He tucks it into the corner next to the couch, arranging the books in alphabetical order.
“Did you really think I would stay there?” Cas asks, staring at the side of Dean’s face. “In the dream?”
Cas huffs. “I wasn’t going to.” He adds, “I like hearing it from you.”
Dean nods. He finishes his last few bites of food, rinses his dishes and puts them in the dishwasher. He says, “Hey, so, I gotta go to work. You sticking around?”
“Cute kid,” Dean says, once they’re out of earshot, “but she drives me nuts with all the screaming.”
“Oh,” Dean says.
“Well, I work tech support and I hate it, so,” Dean says. “I’ll take it.”
“I get that,” Sam says. “And that’s great, Dean. It’s obvious you guys really care about each other. I’m really happy for you.”
Dean adds, “It’s just like-- it’s like I’m super saiyan 2 and you’re super saiyan 1.5.”
“Relax. I’m kidding, man.” Dean pulls back to look him up and down, says, “Jesus, how the hell are you?”
“So he’s...what?” Sam says. “Lying to us to keep us out of danger? Being forced to say everything is fine, keep us off his trail?”
Charlie shrugs. “Settling down, I guess. Now that I’m done with school, I figured I’d start my own consulting firm. I’m just waiting for my LLC to be set up and then I’m good to go.”
Dean doesn’t know what to say to that. He kisses Cas instead, so eagerly their teeth knock together at first. It’s only when he pulls back that he realizes Cas has been kissing him with his eyes open.
“Yeah.”
Cas sighs, but he reluctantly sits up and picks up the mug, sipping at the coffee. Dean nods, satisfied, and returns to the kitchen to empty the dishwasher, wipe down the counters, sweep the floor. By the time he finishes and returns to the living room, Cas has curled back up on the couch.
He makes his way into the living room, where Castiel is sitting in his usual spot on the couch, watching TV as he eats a bowl of cereal. He stops a few feet away, standing with his hands in his pockets.
Dean laughs. “Yeah. No more of those.”
“Nothing worse than good old vanilla mortals do,” Dean says. “I mean, the patrons probably caused more problems than Ruby ever did.”
“You thought what?”
They disperse once dinner is over and the tables have been cleared, everyone returning to their own corner of the bunker to relax. Cas is the last one in the kitchen, watching as Dean puts the rest of the plates into the dishwasher and dries his hands.
Naturally, they’re both there, in the goddamn kitchen. Sam is sitting at the table sipping a cup of tea and Cas is at the counter, pouring himself a cup of coffee.
Max nods along. “It’s a pretty great story, right?” he says. “An angel rebelling against heaven, risking it all to help these two humans he’d become friends with.”
“That’s remarkably self aware of you,” Cas says dryly.
“Yeah,” Dean says. “Of course.”
Dean tries to stay awake until Cas gets back. He downs a few cups of coffee and lies in bed, rereading
“Yes,” Cas says, panting against Dean’s neck.
Dean collapses onto the couch, sinking into the cushions with a sigh. “I wanna get some chairs, too,” he says, as Cas takes a seat next to him. “Maybe a coffee table. And we’ll need a bigger TV if we all wanna be able to see the screen.” He gestures at the walls. Cas looks up, follows the movement of his hand. “And maybe we should put up some pictures or something. The plain cement is bumming me out.”
The thing is, he doesn’t want things to go back to whatever their normal was before. He’ll take the pandemic being over sooner rather than later, but whatever it is that happened here, during this time where for once in his life he couldn’t hunt—this time where, having nothing else making demands on his time, free of everything he had always felt obligated to do, he had finally simply done what he wanted—he doesn’t want to let that go.
Dean rolls his eyes and returns to putting the groceries away. He doesn’t turn around when Krissy wanders in, just silently restocks their kitchen as Krissy and Josephine sit side by side, sharing ice cream straight from the container, having a conversation too quiet for him to hear.
“Nice. You wanna go skip rocks on the river?”
Unfortunately, when the actual day rolls around, he gets home from work to find a wrapped present sitting on the coffee table in front of Cas.
Sam snorts. “I was going to say ‘empathy,’ but yeah, basically.” He tabs to another screen -- the files he’s been keeping while they’ve been hunting, the knowledge they’ve collected from their own experiences as well as research they’ve pulled from the files in the bunker and digitized. “I wanna add stuff the Brits didn’t have, too. Put in our stuff and add more stuff as we go. Pool knowledge from other hunters, you know? The kind of things that don’t usually get written down. Constantly adapt it, keep it updated.”
He holds his hand beneath his nose as he makes his way down the hallway and into the bathroom. Blood drips down his face and over the back of his palm as he looks at himself in the mirror, trying to assess whether his nose is broken.
“Hey,” Dean says. “How you feeling? Did you eat?”
Charlie drops by, too, showing up on his lunch and handing him a small bag. When he opens it, he finds a gorgeous set of green dice with intricate detailing around the numbers.
A few hours and fifty dollars later, Dean and Cas are carefully maneuvering a couch off the back of Cas’ truck, down the stairs, past the sound of voices floating down the hallway from the kitchen, and towards the soon-to-be family room. Cas is unfazed by the endeavor, but by the time they’ve set the couch down exactly where Dean wants it, he needs a breather.
“Yeah, shoot,” Dean says, setting his phone on the table
Dean thinks, because if Sam’s judgment was all that was stopping him, they would have been doing this a long time ago. “He’s been down in the archives since breakfast,” Dean says, sliding Cas’ jeans down over his hips. “He’s not gonna trek all the way to this specific bathroom if he needs to take a piss.”
Cas has just made his way back into the bedroom when the bathroom door opens. All the warning he gets is a quick “Hey,” and then Dean has him pressed against the wall, has his lips against Cas’. For a moment, Cas forgets the apartment, forgets where he is entirely, forgets everything in favor of focusing on Dean, on the way his hair is still damp and his skin is still warm from the shower, on the minty taste of his mouth.
What he felt—what he still feels, even now—it’s not the fear he sometimes feels on a hunt, it’s not the dread of thinking something has gone wrong or the terror of knowing someone you love has been hurt. He's familiar with that kind of panic, that sharp, sudden burst in the middle of his chest that fades as quickly as it appears. What he's feeling now is quieter than that. This feeling goes down slow, sticks to his ribs. It’s not so much a presence as an absence—whatever is left behind when there isn’t another job to do.
Cas squints, looks off into the distance. “All right,” he says, and walks next to Dean, back to his truck.
As if the birthday presents weren’t bad enough, Dean gets home from work one day a few weeks later to find Cas attempting to carefully slide a flat screen TV out of its box.
Dean holds Cas’ hand in his own, brushes his thumb against Cas’ knuckles. “Yeah, I figured,” he says. “And I get it, I swear. But I think maybe you should, anyway.”
“Just have a general idea in mind,” Charlie says. “Like just the one thing that’s your character’s driving force, you know? I don’t wanna get too bogged down.” She gives them a couple minutes to think on it, and once they all signal they’re done, she nods and continues, “So, you’re all going to KU. There’s this urban legend floating around lately about this place that supposedly exists near the the geographic center of the US.”
They both get into bed, Dean lying on his side facing Cas, Cas lying on his back, stiff and unmoving.
“Suit yourself,” Dean says, and digs into his food.
“Which is what?” Cas interrupts.
“That from
Dean pulls Cas’ pants back up for him afterwards, pressing kisses to the insides of Cas’ thighs through his pajamas as his breathing gradually slows. When Cas recovers, he tugs at Dean’s shoulder, urging him back up onto the couch.
“Ah,” Dean says.
“Jack?”
Dean moves against him, slow and easy, until they’re both hard. It’s only then that he breaks the kiss, sliding down so he’s on the floor in front of Cas, tugging his pants and boxers down low enough that he can take Cas into his mouth.
It really speaks to how thoroughly Cas is avoiding him that he doesn’t see him until the whole project’s finished. It’s the least he’s seen Cas in months, maybe years.
“Of course,” Cas says, still smiling.
“Isn’t it?”
“Our ride is almost here,” Cas says. “We’re going to get your hand looked at.”
Something in Dean’s chest tightens. “Oh,” he says, pausing to clear his throat. “Yeah. You too, man.”
“Will you imagine us some lube, or should we get started on the manufacturing process now?”
“Don’t sweat it. Cya soon.”
“It’s based on what the Brits had,” Sam says. “Or, well, it will be. I’m just doing the basic coding right now, setting up the algorithms that’ll search for potential hunts, pull from their records--”
The second door on the left contains a corpse whose torso is a mess of open wounds and, staring pensively down at it, Castiel.
“You carried a lot for a long time,” Cas says. “You deserve to rest.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, looking up.
“Ideally.”
“Because it matters to me,” Cas says, pulling his hand back. “I can’t keep pretending it doesn’t.”
It doesn’t even take a snap of your fingers or a wave of your hand, unless you have a flair for the dramatic. With nothing more than a thought, you can have a change of scenery, a new car, food on your table, an entirely different roof over your head. It’s easy, instant.
“Why do you sound so surprised?” Sam asks.
“I don’t know why you’re so surprised,” Sam says. “They’re nothing if not survivors.”
Their eyes widen. “You can see them?”
“I gotta go to work,” Dean says. “So do you.”
or when he sighs and says, in that way he has,
Dean smiles, presses a kiss to the side of Cas’ head. “Wonders never cease,” he says.
Dean gets up early the next day and asks Sam for a hunt.
Dean sits up slowly, picks up the open bottle of ibuprofen Cas left on his nightstand, takes a couple with the glass of water Cas left him, too, and gets up.
“Hey, you look less like death warmed over today,” Dean says, grinning.
“Who said anything about pouring it on the wound?”
“That’s great,” Dean says, pulling the dip from the fridge.
“I paid for it with my tax return,” Cas explains as they set the TV onto the stand.
Finally satisfied, Dean dusts his hands off and gets ready for work.
Max and Alicia glance at one another, then at Dean’s shoulder, then straight at him. Alicia asks, “Can we see it?”
He reappears a few minutes later, stops when he’s standing right next to Dean. Dean looks up to find Cas carrying two sandwiches, holding one plate out to him. Dean reaches up and takes it, and Cas nods, takes a seat on the couch. They sit next to one another, watching TV and eating their dinner in silence.
“Cas okay?”
“You know what,” Dean says, “I take back every complaint I ever made about a deus ex machina.”
Dean grimaces. “Yeah, okay, touche. Angel or human, treating retail workers like shit is par for the course, I guess.”
The bed takes up most of their room, leaving only a narrow path along its edges. A large wooden dresser occupies the wall under the window, and the remainder are covered with pictures -- not just of Dean and Cas, but also of Sam, of Eileen, of Mary.
“And?” Cas asks.
“Yeah?”
“I, uh…” Cas says.
Sam sees all that, too, of course he does—how could he have missed it.
For a second Dean just stands there, frozen. A hysterical laugh bubbles up out of him. “Holy shit,” he breathes, finally hugging Sam back.
Dean moves quickly around the kitchen, his motions practiced, routine. Cas watches, fascinated, from where he’s perched on a stool on the other side of the counter, out of the way.
“Because nothing’s going to change unless I do.” Cas narrows his eyes at him, but he presses on. “You’ve never once sought me out,” he says, “not once this whole time. Not until you had decided things were over and wanted, what, one last goodbye lay?”
“Hmm,” Cas says. “Would they really, though?” At Dean’s questioning look, he says, “We already live together, Dean. We work together, we fight together, we worry about one another. How much different would it be if, at the end of the day, we went back to the same room instead of to our own separate ones?”
Eventually, Cas shifts in his seat. “I found some chairs that I think might match the couch,” he says. He pulls one of the other chairs back from the table, slides it closer to himself, looks up at Dean expectantly.
“Saved it for what?” Dean asks, meeting his gaze as if in challenge. “For this? To watch it die slowly, if not this time, then another. There’s always another hunt, always another apocalypse. And that’s all this is, another apocalypse, just one that we can’t stop. Why do we fucking bother?”
“They’re not afraid of anything.”
The next few weeks are busy, and Cas takes every opportunity to bury himself in his workload. Midterm exams are coming, and he’s been invited to give a presentation on the 3D ore modelling he’s been working on at the annual Prospectors and Developers Association of Canada. The PDAC is one of the largest and most prestigious mining conferences and draws participants and visitors from all over the world. The university, namely Zachariah, is excited about this and his incessant advice and nonstop emails keep Cas busy and his thoughts away from Dean during working hours.
Dean grabs their coats and leads Cas out the back door. He brushes a thin layer of snow off a wooden picnic table set in the lee of the house. Hopping up, he sits with his feet on the seat. Cas sits down next to him, and Dean pulls him up against his side. Cas drops a kiss on Dean’s lips, content to cuddle close. He smiles to himself, this is what he had wanted. To see the northern lights with someone he cares about beside him, to share the experience. Cas knows they have a lot to work out, figure out how their lives will fit together. But he’s content for now. Together they watch the shimmering veils of light dance across the darkness, spirits dancing into the next world.
“Dean. Dean Winchester. Petroleum engineer with McMillan-Van der Linden.”
“They’ll bring you a fork, if you’d rather, Dean.”
“Okay. Not swimming then.” Dean makes a face.
. The car gets closer. It’s not Jody’s Jeep. It’s Cas’s Lincoln.
“It was. And maybe that’s the problem. It was really good. It was more than one-night-stand good. It was...giving-me-feelings good.” He pushes the last few homefries around his plate moodily.
. And unmarried, since he caught the garter. Cas feels a strange elation. He shuts it down fast. He’s still here under false pretenses, Dean still thinks he’s married to Gabe. The best thing he can do for everyone involved is to stick to his plan of grabbing Gabe and disappearing before this farce can get any more complicated. He regrets that he won’t be able to say goodbye to Dean, but the dessert is ready to be served and it’s better this way.
“Dude, I’m sorry. It was my fault. I crashed the reception because I wanted another drink, and when you called me by name, I couldn’t resist pretending to be Jessica’s Gabe. Cassie was trying to get me to leave, but I put him on the spot and he had to play along. And I was having fun. I didn’t want to leave. You throw a hell of a party.” Gabe may be apologising, but he doesn’t have the grace to look ashamed. “I’ll wait out in the lobby.” He sketches a salute with two fingers and then slides past them and heads out of the hall. Dean turns back to Cas.
“Have you been here a long time?” Dean asks.
“Dean, there are oak trees everywhere. We need to see if there are oak trees over where the new construction is planned.”
“That looks like it,” Dean says. They walk past the building and look at the unbroken snow between them and the treeline. “Real good plan, Cas. Wade through the snow in our flip-flops. That’s going to be all kinds of fun. We’ll freeze before we cover five feet. And it’s not going to attract any attention at all.” His voice drips with sarcasm.
“Cas, there’s only one way to find out. You can’t tell him your side of the story if you can’t actually talk to him.”
He’s looking at her still, focused but smiling, and it occurs to her he’s different now. He used to intimidate her: sarcastic and mean, no kindness in him. She’d only seen him smile once before when it hadn’t seemed spiteful or mocking. She had gone along with Zoe to one of his parties—orgies, whatever—tempted more by the thought of oblivion via pot and Eldritch Horror rather than the sex, but she’d shucked out of her clothes willingly enough, sitting on the floor in her bra and panties, leaning against the couch getting giggly after half a joint, watching with heavy-lidded eyes as the others removed clothing. Watching Cas smile at Alicia, open and affectionate, before kissing her.
“Yeah, me neither,” Dean contributes. Charlie ignores him, and continues reading.
October is beautiful, Indian summer lingering through the month. Sam and Dean drive through Sioux Falls on their way back from a hunt in Sheridan, Wyoming, and spend a weekend with Jody. They leave, laden with leftovers and an invite for Thanksgiving that they later refuse but counter with a Christmas invite to the bunker.
“So, I watched
“Thanks.” Dean drops a small kiss on Cas’s cheek, “But we’re going to talk some more when I get back.” Cas watches him walk out the door, enjoying the view.
“What is that stuff, Cas says, sputtering at the burn that’s flowing down his throat.
“What? He’s not dead. He and Mom still live near Boston.”
Cas comes over and sits next to Dean and chews contemplatively on a date. “Huh, the first time we met: I’d just flown in from N’Djamena after a medical conference in Paris, so I was still wearing it.” He smiles, “It was my dad’s. He wore it all the time. I remember when I was little, he’d come home, and the first thing he’d do after he’d yell ‘I’m home’ was to hang it up in the closet. I went through a phase when I was about five when I hated him going to work. I was afraid that something was going to happen to him and he wouldn’t come home, and he told me that the coat was magic and would protect him. So it’s kind of a good luck thing, and I think of him when I wear it.” Cas stops, lost in thought.
Dean remembers this, Cas’s first time pretending to be an agent.
The disabled jeep is almost two kilometres east of where they spent the night, and Dean is grateful to be able to sit in the car while Cas, Benny, and Gabe repair the jeep and talk in low, worried tones about the incident the night before. He stays in the Land Rover, stretched out across the back seat for the drive back to Fada. Cas follows in the jeep, and the convoy makes it back to Fada by nightfall. Despite Gabe wanting to contact the army post right away with the news of the Boko Haram attack, Cas talks him into waiting until the next day.
Dean laughs at this. “Dude, what are you? Eighty?”
That caught Dean’s attention. “You mean we are going to be
Cas refills his mug as the shower starts up. He stretches and sits down on the couch that was the starting point for last night’s activities. And that starts him thinking, which turns out to be a really, really bad idea.
Cas holds the headboard steady while Dean works at attaching it to the frame. Getting the small hex wrench into the holes to tighten the nuts is tricky. He drops the nut for the third time and swears.
“Uh, I’m looking for Castiel Novak?” He makes it a question.
. It’s wanting his physical presence, his smile, the solid heat of his arm pressed against Dean’s in a diner booth.
different this time, it doesn’t feel like the past.
Dean makes a rude noise. “We’re just friends, Jo.” She rolls her eyes hard enough that she can probably see herself think and grabs Dean by the hand.
August arrives and Dean feels Cas’s absence like a toothache, dull and painful. Sam comes back from a mail run empty-handed.
Charlie doesn’t answer, just gives him a look, and starts to read from a thin, leather-covered book that has suddenly materialized in her hands:
Dean spends the next few days at the small house he rents in Abéché taking care of paperwork. He’s been working for a small U.S.-Dutch consulting company out of Tulsa for a year now, subcontracted by Exxon to maximize oil and gas production. He’s spent the past two weeks in the southern part of the country around Doba, monitoring injection-flow rates in Exxon’s oil fields. He runs the data he collected on-site through the modeling software, writes up the report with his recommendations, and emails it off to head office. He leans back from his computer and stretches his arms behind him, working out the kinks in his shoulders.
And even shared the tears
“Hello, Dean.”
Huh. He hasn’t thought about that night in forever. Maybe he’s felt this way about Cas for longer than he’s realized. He’s always shied away from the warm glow that he feels in his chest whenever Cas is near. He’s never wanted to examine it closely, to think about what it means. Maybe he’s felt something for Cas for months (for years even, if he’s honest with himself.)
? Dude.”
Cas knows this is his opening. He briefly wishes he’d shut his office door before reaching for Dean. He’s still got his jacket on, and that gives Cas something to grab hold of. There’s a definite moment of
“That sounds like fun,” Cas says slowly.
“Oh my God,” Dean repeats. Cas simply laughs, pressing a kiss to his cheek as he shoves the shirt into Dean’s hands.
“Thank you,” Castiel says again. “And I think I met the angel you were talking about.”
“Mmm,” Hannah says. “That’ll be two seventeen.”
For a long stretch of road, things are quiet—the crunch of gravel under the tires, Dean’s occasional snore. As the miles drag on, though, Sam’s curiosity gets the better of him.
“I will,” Cas says. He taps the side of his mug. “But this is fine for now.”
“After what I said. Back in the barn. When I thought I was dying.”
“Hey, Castiel, I’m home,” Dean calls as he opens the door. He frowns when he doesn’t get a response, tossing his keys on the counter before venturing into the living room.
Dean slowly changes into his pajamas, nearly tripping over his own pants as he pauses to yawn. He considers going back on the plans he made with Cas right up until the kid next door lets out a mournful wail that he swears makes the adjoining wall tremble.
Dean straddles Cas again, cups his face and leans down to kiss him. Cas drags his knuckles over Dean’s dick through his pants as they kiss, eventually moving them out of the way enough to stroke Dean lazily.
Krissy considers him for a second, then nods. “Yeah, all right,” she says.
“So, Jessica,” Cas says, as they’re waiting for their appetizers to arrive, “Sam said you’re a nurse?”
,” Dean says.
“Just...in-between, in general,” Cas says. “For instance. Not being quite angel enough for heaven. But maybe not human enough for Earth, either.” He glances over at Dean, then back down. “Not knowing quite where I stand.”
And then it’s settled. Dean spends way longer than necessary preparing, makes them a whole array of snacks—popcorn with three different homemade seasonings, two different kinds of dip, a whole variety of crudités.
They make their way to their usual spot when they get bored watching the skaters. It’s gorgeous outside, the trees all finally having turned, a gentle breeze rustling the multicolored leaves.
“I know,” Sam interrupts, his tone somewhere between confused and bemused. “You think I’m not sick of reading and going on runs and what the fuck else?”
Dean lies awake for a long time, replaying the interaction in his head. It’s well after midnight when he forces himself to stop looking at the clock, so he has no idea what ungodly hour of the morning it is when there’s a soft knock at his door, one that he very well might have missed if he had been asleep.
Rowena sighs again. “Faking your own death just isn’t what it used to be,” she says, taking another sip of her drink.
“Then what do you need?”
Cas nods. He folds down the corner of his page, sets the book on the coffee table. “You asked me, before,” he says. “About heaven.”
Vonnegut or
Sam looks at him, considering, and then he says, carefully, “You could try telling him.” At Cas’ sharp glance, he adds, “I’m not trying to tell you what to do. Just...he might surprise you.”
-“Apple Pie Life,” Caitlyn Siehl
They sit in silence for a few moments, watching cars pass. Finally, Cas says, “It was true when I told you that I didn’t need to sleep, but it...it comes and goes, not always predictably. I’m not human, but…” he sighs. “Still too human to be wholly angel, I suppose. Anyway. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you sooner. I didn’t want you to worry.”
“Yeah, I’ve met my fair share,” Dean says. “Didn’t really feel comfortable asking them about it, though.”
“Sorry,” Dean says. “But also thanks.”
Dean nods. “So, you think you’re ready to start on your character sheet?”
Sam sighs, rolls his eyes in a very little brother kind of way. “Look, things are hard, and we’re all trying to find meaningful ways to spend our time. Eileen and I are choosing to spend ours on each other.” He shrugs, pushing off the table to stand. “Maybe you should look at what you decided to do and try to figure out what that means to you.”
“I had some money saved up,” Cas says gently. “It’s all right, Dean.”
“Look who’s talking,” Dean says, and he’s happy to see that Cas is smirking, too. It gives him the confidence to close the gap between them, to nudge Cas’ arm with his own and say, gently, “Hey.”
“I know,” Dean says, as they try walking up the stairs without having to part and wind up half tripping up the first few steps. They give up, laughing, and Dean lets Cas pull him along by his hand. Cas doesn’t waste a single second once they get to the top—he spins Dean deftly around and down onto the bed with his legs hanging over the edge and climbs on top of him, knees straddling his hips.
“In-between what?” Dean says.
“Jessica,” Sam says, face lighting up. As Dean brings everything over and sets it on the table between them, he adds, “I’d love for you to meet her.”
“Good timing,” Dean says, turning to get him a glass of ice water.
“Feeling a bit rebellious, huh?” Dean asks.
Cas huffs a humorless laugh. “It’s fine,” he says. “I don’t know what to say, either.”
The employee who greets them at the counter -- Nick, according to his nametag -- looks as tired as Cas feels. He blinks against the bright florescent lights as Nick says mechanically, “Welcome to Burger King. May I take your order?”
“I’m fine,” Cas says, and sits in silence as Dean leaves.
When they finally get into Cas’ truck to head into the woods where the attack took place, Cas loosens his tie, takes a deep breath before turning the key in the ignition. Dean watches him for a few moments before turning to look out the window, idly rubbing his hand against his chest.
“I suppose so,” Dean says. “You must already know what happened, though, since you...uh.”
“Okay?” Cas says. He seems legitimately confused, like it isn’t obvious how badly Dean has screwed everything up. “There’s nothing wrong with those things. They’re just not for us, and that’s okay.”
There’s something dragging gently along his arm, almost ticklish. Dean twitches in response, still in the space between waking and sleeping.
you don’t want any shortcuts?” Cas asks.
Dean hasn’t even gotten through “Hello” when Charlie interrupts him. “Dude,” she says, “I’m finally done with school. For good. I’m
Celeste nods gravely. “It’s of the utmost importance. We--”
hesitant,” Victor says. He leans to look at Dean around his computer screen, grinning, and adds, “
“You need my address?” Dean asks. “Or are you still up to your old tricks?”
“Hannah?”
Dean tapes the bandage securely and stands, wiping his palms on his jeans before he offers Cas a hand up. “Sounds like a solid plan.”
“What a pair we make, huh?” Dean says, and Cas huffs in agreement.
“Maybe,” Castiel says.
Quarantine
Cas opens his mouth, closes it again. Tries to reconcile the implication in Dean’s words with his harsh tone, with his tense posture. Finally, he manages, “What?”
Castiel chews thoughtfully for a moment. “It’s not the worst thing I’ve done.”
Dean swallows hard, ignores his heart hammering in his chest. “Changed how?”
Dean stands, blocking his path to the sink, arms spread wide, placating. “Can we have a real goddamn conversation, please?”
Dean scoffs. “What, like vampires and werewolves and stuff?”
They eventually head back to their blanket, eating their sandwiches as they watch the sun setting over the river.
“Are you sure?” Cas asks, even as he undoes Dean’s pants. “It’s the middle of the day.”
What’s between them now is softer, the sharp edges sanded down by time and familiarity, rough patches smoothed over by apologies, gaps filled in with forgiveness. There are a thousand little things that Dean can still hardly believe have become mundane—falling asleep next to Cas at night, waking up next to him in the morning. The feel of Cas’ hands in his hair, Cas’ lips at his neck, Cas’ voice in his ear, whispering endearments.
“Put the key in the lock,” Hannah says.
“I didn’t say it back,” Dean says, not meeting his eyes. “I didn’t even get to say goodbye.”
If you asked him any other time how long it’d been, it would only take him a few moments to give you an answer down to the day. Right now, though, he can’t even manage to string a sentence together, because there, standing in his doorway, is Sam. A couple decades older and a couple feet taller, but it’s unmistakably him.
Dean snorts. “I’m sure they would. And then that would just be another problem. Even more people being in the know just means even more people getting themselves killed making deals.”
Sam calls their friends as Dean drives, checks in on them one by one, explains what happened. For once, Dean doesn’t get tired of hearing the same story told over and over.
Dean turns, grinning as he holds out the teacup -- pristinely clean other than a smudge on one side of the rim, a red lipstick stain he couldn’t quite wash off.
“What do you mean?”
“I have asked nicely, Cas,” Dean says. “And I’m not-- I’m--”
“Dude, all right, take a breath,” Dean says, taking back his laptop. “I did read the article. Are we gonna get going or what? Or has your computer already called someone up to take care of it?”
“Claire and Tracy are on it,” Sam says.
“All right,” Sam says, heading for the couch. “Just shout if you need anything.”
“We’ll have to do it again sometime soon. Maybe all four of us can get together for dinner?”
“I picked up some groceries on my way home from work,” Castiel says from behind him. Dean startles, nearly closes the cabinet on his own hand.
“Oh yeah?” Charlie says, raising her eyebrows. “How does he feel about D&D?”
“Because I should be able to do this on my own!” Dean says, looking back down at Cas, throwing his uninjured arm to the side. “I’m a goddamn adult, I should be able to take care of myself!”
Cas nods, says his goodbye, and walks away.
“You like living there?” Charlie says, suspiciously cheerfully. “Planning on sticking around for a while?”
as Dean gloats about his luck at
Krissy thinks for a moment, narrowing her eyes at the rows of books. “Maybe
Dean says, “Like, where have you set up shop or whatever? Where do you go to sleep?”
It would be so easy, he thinks, glancing down at Cas’ mouth, to just--
“See something you like?” Cas says, smirking down at him.
“Thank you,” Cas says, as painfully sincere as always. But then his expression shifts to something a little more playful, and he says, “Can I get back to removing your pants, now?”
“Just what?”
Dean ticks things off on his fingers as he talks at Sam’s back, trying to keep pace with him as he power walks down the hall. “I can’t spend another day binge-watching TV. I’ve read everything I wanted to read. I finished all the repairs I’d been meaning to make to the Impala, and she’s looking good as new, if not better. I’ve gone on as many drives to nowhere as I can stand. I’ve cooked so much that the fridge and freezer are both full and shit’s gonna start going bad before we can eat it. I don’t even want to think about what kind of stereotype I’ve become now that I’ve got a sourdough starter going. I’ve cleaned this place of every speck of dust that’s been here since the fifties. I need something else to do.”
He spends the morning moving boxes, dumping them in other rooms and turning away everyone who stops by with an offer of help. He allows himself thirty minutes for lunch and then returns to work, spends the afternoon measuring the room, sketching out a diagram, making notes, searching craigslist on his laptop.
“Yeah,” Cas says, looking down into the dregs of his coffee. “Something like that.”
“Hey,” Dean says, pulling Cas close. He half holds him up with one arm and runs his other hand up and down Cas’ back soothingly while Cas takes one deep breath after another. He makes it through a dozen or so before he tenses, fingers tightening on Dean’s arms.
He’s died a lot of times since then—if it were a competition between him and Cas, he wouldn’t be able to say who was winning without sitting down and tallying up their lives. It’s enough that they’ve started to blur together.
“The usual” turns out to be an omelet filled with onions and peppers and smothered with cheese. He’s halfway through it, Dean seated next to him with his mouth full of food, when Dean pauses. He glances at the clock, then back to Cas, still in his pajamas. “Don’t you have to go in today?” he asks, frowning.
Dean scoffs. “Tolkien hated that accusation, you know,” he says. “Has this whole rant about it and everything.” He clears his throat, and, in his best impersonation of Tolkien’s voice, says, “‘I cordially dislike allegory in all its manifestations, and--’” He stops when he feels Cas twitch under his arm. He cracks his eye open again to find Cas staring at the words on the page, eyes fixed in one place as he tries not to smile. Dean shifts his arm, pushes uselessly at Cas’ thigh as Cas huffs a laugh. “Get out,” he says, fighting his own smile.
“I’ll take both,” Cas says, breaking into a smile.
“Dude,” Dean says, huffing a laugh. “What’re you doing?”
“What’s not as bad as it looks?” Castiel says.
“You wanna elaborate?”
Cas accepts it gratefully, and as he gulps it down, Dean considers him. He’s brought some of the outdoors into the kitchen with him—the smell of it clings to him, rich and earthy. A drip of sweat makes its way out from under his hair, down around his ear, his neck, under his shirt.
“Um,” Sam says, looking down at the table, face reddening. “I tried a lot of times over the years, actually, just never quite managed it. But now that you’ve settled down in one spot, got an address and utility accounts under your name, it was a hell of a lot easier.” He shrugs. “I had access to Westlaw and the firm pays for the subscription, so…”
to lunch, huh?” He turns to raise an eyebrow at Sam, smirk at him.
“For making you worry.”
“It might,” Cas says innocently, staring down at the book.
“All those times,” he says, “I just—it felt like we were right there, you know? Like maybe we were about to turn a corner. Like maybe everything was finally going to be okay, and we could just…” He raises a hand in a helpless gesture, lets it fall to the table with a
Cas falls silent again. After a while he inhales loudly like he’s about to say something, but then he lets out a sighing breath and keeps quiet. Dean waits patiently until, a few minutes later, Cas says, “I don’t know how to explain.”
They drive into Bismarck, meet up with Eileen at a place called Fireflour Pizza. Sam greets her with his voice and his hands both, and Eileen smiles and returns the gesture. Dean says his hello and offers a wave, and Eileen returns that, too.
“There’re rumors of a secret underground bunker hidden under the power plant outside of town,” she’s saying. “A couple of the kids in your history class were talking about checking it out last week. The thing is, they went over the weekend and didn’t come back. Everyone seems to think they just skipped town.” She pauses, raises an eyebrow. “What do you do?”
Something in Dean’s chest lurches. “What rumors?”
He isn’t, though. He doesn’t come down that whole day. Dean takes him up lunch, and then dinner, and he’s still up there, finding more things to do. Whatever shit he’s working out, it must be something big.
They’re still trying to figure out what the alleged cursed object might be when they decide to call it a night. They’re about to go their separate ways until the morning, and Dean chews his lip for a few seconds as Cas makes his way to his truck before he says, “Hey, listen.”
Dean stares at him for a long moment, hands clenched into fists where they rest against the cool metal of the slab. “Right,” he says. “Yeah, of course.” He forces himself to smile. “Well, I drove all this way, so you’re still stuck with me for this one. I’ll try not to get in the way.”
Sam makes a sympathetic noise. “One of those days, huh?”
“The same for me, please,” Cas says.
“Are any here brave enough to join the resistance?” the other asks.
Cas tilts his face up to look at Dean, squinting against the late afternoon light. “I’d like that,” he says, with such obvious pleasure that Dean feels something in his chest lurch towards him. “We can do the reverse, too—I can grow things you need.”
“Oh,” Dean manages, trying his best to internalize it as Cas kisses him again, more deeply this time, as he runs gentle fingers through the hair at the back of Dean’s neck. By the time Cas pulls away, Dean feels almost normal. Whatever ‘normal’ is for him, anyway. “Okay,” he says. “I’m okay.”
They part ways with Eileen after wrapping up the case, retreat to their separate motels. Dean wakes late the next morning to Sam prodding him impatiently, telling him to get ready, Eileen invited them to lunch.
Cas looks back down at the bowl. He sticks his fingers into the mess of eggs, carefully fishing out pieces of shell one by one. Still smiling, he says, “I told them I’d rather do things the hard way.”
Cas has done all the legwork already -- examined the bodies, interviewed the witnesses, talked to the authorities. It’s just a matter of actually finding the half-starved chupacabra that’s been attacking tourists.
hate it, can’t manage to shake the bitterness he still feels over all the empty spaces in his childhood. But this feels different, somehow. Maybe it’s that it’s something so unique to them—he’s pretty sure Cas hasn’t pulled anyone else out of hell and fallen in love with them and just hasn’t told him about it. Or maybe it’s just the fact that Cas, despite being an angel, has very human feelings—intensely human feelings, actually—and has decided that this is one of the things that matters to him.
Dean looks up at him. “Oh, wow,” Dean says. He clears his throat. “Congrats, man. What’s her name?”
“That’s not what I meant,” Cas says.
“Hmm?”
“This is nice,” Castiel says, smiling. He takes a deep breath and lets it out slowly, tension draining from his shoulders. “I should come here every day.”
For a long, tenuous moment, there’s just the wind in the trees, the distant rumble of another car coming down the highway.
“Why?”
“Everything is clearer here,” he says. “I can see it now, all the hangups I had on Earth and what a dense motherfucker I could be. And I’m sorry, god, I’m so damn sorry that in the time we had together, you spent so much of it gone because I made you feel like you couldn’t stay. Like you could never have what you wanted. That’s on me. So, I wish I had said this sooner. But saying it now is the best I’ve got.”
Even if Chuck had pointed Eileen in his direction, had put the spell in front of him, they still had everything else, didn’t they? They still had years of texts and calls going back and forth, their comfortable, easy camaraderie whether they were working a hunt or staying up way too late drinking way too many margaritas. They had the way Eileen nestled against him once the spell was completed, the way she’d kissed him back when she could have pulled away.
Here’s what Dean has: his empty hands, the absolute certainty that Cas loves him, and one last fight to win.
“And?”
Dean jerks awake to find his phone ringing, winces as he shifts in his chair and something in his neck pops. He swipes to decline the call and texts Sam instead,
When he opens the fridge, he freezes.
Cas stares resolutely down at the book lying on the table in front of him. “I’m not being weird.”
“I do,” Cas says. “But I’d like to hear it from you.”
Everyone nods as Hannah says, “I try the door.”
Cas shrugs. “Not as much as you’d think. Humans have a remarkable capacity for explaining away things they don’t understand. God himself was here and your sun was dying and your news has already found a rational explanation. They’ve interviewed experts, prepared reports, talked it to death.”
“Yeah.”
Cas has a message history with Sam that goes back months and months, everything from a picture of an ancient text Sam asked for his help translating to selfies of Sam and Eileen to messages sent asking for advice or just checking in.
“You know what, you were right,” Dean says. “Can’t we just forget this whole thing happened?” He looks up at Cas, pleading.
“And?”
The next morning, Dean checks the news over breakfast. By the time he’s done, he hasn’t seen any sign of Sam and Eileen, so he washes his dishes and wanders down the hallway and into the war room. When he looks through to the library, there they are, Sam half sitting on the table with Eileen nestled between his legs. Sam has his giant hands cupping Eileen’s face, and even from here, Dean can see the way they’re both smiling into the kiss.
“Hey,” Dean says, running a hand through his hair. “It’s all right. You eaten anything today?” Cas shakes his head, so Dean taps his arm gently. “Leggo a minute,” he says. “I’ll be right back.”
Dean rolls his eyes. “What, did you forget how we wound up together?”
Dean has known Cas as a full angel and a near-god, as a stranger with no memories and a friend with too many, has seen him angry and self-righteous and penitent, but he likes this version the best, this one who sets aside his computer and pulls Dean down onto his bed, who kisses him as he undresses him, who retrieves some lube from the side table and presses his fingers into Dean one after the other, this one who could die from any number of causes, mundane or otherwise.
as Sam gives a Ted Talk about the evils of capitalism even as he buys up more and more property in
Cas sighs. “If you feel the same, what are you so afraid of, Dean?”
Dean glances over at Cas. “Um,” he says, fighting a smile in spite of the fact that his face is burning. “I guess you could say that.”
Castiel catches it with his free hand, laughing softly as he heads back towards the bathroom to grab some of his clothes from the hall closet. Dean takes a seat at the kitchen table and busies himself with checking his emails until Castiel reemerges, fully clothed but hair still a mess.
“You don’t get it,” Dean snaps. He pulls himself up straighter with the hand gripping Cas’ shirt and forces himself to look Cas in the eye. “It’s not a matter of not wanting to go to the doctor, okay?” He says, ignoring the pitying look Cas is giving him. “It’s that I
“Yeah, not to mention he keeps switching between acting all cagey, completely dodging my calls, and trying to convince me everything’s hunky-dory. That’s weird, even for him. And now--” Dean gestures to his phone-- “this.”
“Oh, wow,” Sam says, a smile spreading across his face as he steps closer, touches his fingertips to her hood. “Cas wasn’t kidding. She’s immaculate.”
He holds Cas close later that night, presses up against his back with his arm draped across his waist, fingers held carefully away from old wounds.
“Yeah, it’s--” Sam sighs, annoyed. “It’s a challenge adapting what the Brits had, you know? I want it to have that human element in it, because that’s so much of what the Brits were lacking, but it complicates things.” He gestures helplessly at his laptop. “It’s going to rely on user input and old fashioned methods because we don’t and never will have the resources the Brits had, so--”
“Yeah,” Cas says, rubbing his thumb across Dean’s knuckles. “Go back to sleep.”
“What?”
Dean laughs. “What more do you need?”
“Christ,” Dean says. He runs his hand down over his face, leans his head back, blinks up at the ceiling.
“It’s still cold out,” Cas grumbles, taking another sip of his coffee.
“Dean--”
“I’m not a mind reader, Dean. I can’t just magically know how you feel. And all you’ve told me is—is how nothing fucking matters, and how you’re just trying to distract yourself from thinking about it. What am I supposed to think?”
Dean is over-warm in the cramped seat. He takes a long drink of his beer, and by the time he sets down his glass, Cas has moved away, back into his own space.
“Another five star meal,” Eileen adds.
“Hmm,” Cas says. His stomach rumbles. He considers the display of chips near the register, spots a brand Dean first introduced him to in-- well, he isn’t sure which state, exactly, just knows it wasn’t this one.
“He tried violence, first.”
“Then what is it like?”
Sam snorts as he digs through the first aid kid, and Dean finally cracks a bit of a grin. “Drink your damn water,” he says.
Time is strange in heaven, but it feels like he hasn’t heard those words, that voice, in a thousand years.
, well, it’s been a while, but…” She squints, pursing her lips. “Trying to be the hero when you’ve been raised to be the villain?”
“And I have a feeling you guys are gonna get along.”
“The planet is dying, Dean,” Cas says solemnly.
my real job. It’s the best I’m ever gonna do. And I’m never gonna have a house and two point five kids and a dog. I’m just going to keep living in shitty apartments from now until-- until--” he raises one hand, drops it back onto his leg-- “until forever.”
By some miracle, they both have the day off from work, too. They’d turned off their alarms the night before, so Dean wakes up slow and easy and half hard. He stretches in the late morning light filtering in through the window, flips his pillow over to the cool side, and rolls over to look at Cas, who’s still tucked under the covers, face pressed into the mattress.
The kids do a piss poor job suppressing their laughter, and as Dean tries to ignore the flush creeping up his neck, he runs into the edge of the island with his hip, stubs his foot on the corner. He tries to catch himself and only partially succeeds, stumbling forward and smashing his face into the counter.
Cas leans over, frowning at first until he gets a glimpse of the screen. He stifles a laugh as he looks at the picture of Oliver -- Sam and Jessica’s pit bull. “He’s very handsome,” Cas says seriously.
“Okay,” Dean says. Before he can ask for an explanation, Cas nods towards the front doors, starts making his way inside.
Dean stands there for a few seconds, biting his lip, before his resolve crumbles. He turns the thermostat up until the heat cycles on, crinkling his nose at the smell.
“Plus,” Cas says, “it’s an excellent Christian allegory--”
“Well,” Mary says, “looks like this is a bust for tonight, anyway. Let’s get some rest and then we can wrap this up tomorrow?”
Castiel considers him for a moment, and then he says, “Thank you, Dean. I appreciate it.”
“Are you sure?”
He turns to go, and Cas lets him leave.
It’s easier than Dean thought it would be, avoiding one other. Sure, they’d been having family meals a little more often than usual, but with nothing to do and nowhere to be, they’ve all slipped into different sleep schedules, different patterns.
When Sam doesn’t respond, Dean turns slightly, watches him out of the corner of his eye. Sam is smiling to himself, staring off down the road.
“All of it.”
He remembers exactly how he felt when he took it, the way his heart had raced when he put the cowboy hat on Cas’ head, when he insisted on getting a picture for posterity. He had taken too long setting up the shot, making sure he was getting the lighting just right, the pose, Cas’ earnest, serious expression. He had wanted something more than the single picture he snapped; another of Cas from head to toe, maybe, to get the full effect, or maybe of both of them together in their ridiculous getups. But he had let it go after just the one—he doesn’t think Cas would have minded being held up a little longer, but he had been sure he was giving himself away.
Dean is halfway through a bowl of mac and cheese when there’s a knock at his door. He gets up, grumbling to himself, and stops in his tracks when he pulls open the door to find Castiel standing in front of him.
He feels like he does sometimes when there’s a word on the tip of his tongue, when a smell calls up a memory he can’t quite place, when he sees a familiar-looking side character in a genre show and has to stop to find out what else the actor has been in on IMDB. He feels like that, but like it matters. Like he’s missing something important. He thinks that if he could just have a minute to sit still and think about it, if the end of the world could stop happening for one goddamn minute, he might be able to figure out what it is.
Dean shoves his hands into his pockets. “You’re being dramatic.”
Alicia nods. “A whole series of them.”
Thirty minutes later, Dean pulls one hand off the steering wheel to answer his phone. It’s Alicia.
“Because of this,” Dean says, gesturing to the present.
A slow smile spreads across Cas’ face, amused and hopeful. “Oh?”
Castiel
He feels impossibly stupid all of a sudden.
“Smells great,” Sam says, bounding down into the kitchen. Cas pulls his hand back.
Dean slips his feet off the coffee table, sits up straight. “What?” he repeats.
Castiel’s eyes widen as he chews, swallows. “Is that where we are? Kansas?”
As the the door swings closed behind them, Dean turns to Castiel and holds out his hand. “Hey, it was nice meeting you, Castiel.”
He adds,
“I think maybe that’s kind of baked in at this point,” he says. “That maybe it’s just a feature of my personality. I haven’t exactly ever been used to people giving much of a shit about me. Especially not enough of one to stick around through everything, you know? I know I’m a hard person to be around a lot of the time. I know I’m a hard person to love, and I don’t know if that’s ever going to change. You really want a whole lifetime of that?”
Dean scratches at the back of his neck. “Nah, that’s a ripoff,” he says. He hooks a thumb towards the self checkout lanes. “Why pay full price if you don’t gotta, you know?” Castiel nods as they walk towards the front of the store.
Dean turns back to the last of his beer to find Sam watching him intently. “Something on my face?” he asks as he downs the rest of his drink.
“Like, nothing nothing. The door doesn’t budge.”
“You saying I don’t have family here?” Charlie says. “What happened to me being the little sister you never--”
“Yeah, sounds good,” Dean says, though Sam has already pulled out his phone and started texting her.
Taking a deep breath, he tucks the barrel under his chin, and--
“Sam,” he says, pleading. “C’mon.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, shoving his free hand into his robe pocket. “All right.”
“Dean,” Cas interrupts.
“You knew what I was going to ask,” Dean says. “You must know how I feel.”
Dean laughs, Cas grinning at him in response. As Cas starts to turn away and make his way to the couch, Dean catches him by the hand. “Hey,” he says, tugging. Cas turns towards him, still smiling, and Dean leans in to kiss him.
ANYWAY i gotta run to class (shocker, i know) but let me know how you’re doing okay?
“Anyway,” Dean says quietly, smile fading, “I looked for you, too, you know.”
“Dean…”
“I get it,” Sam says, bringing Dean’s racing thoughts to a sudden halt. “Feeling like you need a distraction, I mean. Hell, even during our ‘normal,’ we see some pretty awful shit, and we’d lose it if we just dwelled on it all the time. I think that’s part of what’s made this quarantine thing so hard,” he says, looking almost embarrassed by the admission. “It’s kind of...forcing us to confront things in a way we can usually avoid.”
“Yup,” Dean says.
Jennifer nods. She holds out a clipboard for them to sign, then gives them a room number, reminds them to check out again when they’re done.
“A shame,” Cas says.
“Okay,” Cas says quietly, and then, “Are you hungry?”
Cas, on the other hand, has just the one scar. Or two, depending how you look at it -- one on his back, right over his spine, a smooth circle so faint you might not even notice it unless you knew where to look, and another on his chest to match. Dean has never quite been able to find the words to ask Cas how he isn’t dead.
“Shut up,” Dean says, and leans over and kisses him.
“How long?” Cas asks, and Sam laughs, not unkindly.
“What has that got to do with anything,” Victor says drily, earning him a smile from Cas.
“Oh yeah?”
Instead, he says, flatly, “Busy.”
“How’d that work out?” Sam asks.
“You know him,” Sam says. “Won’t take long for him to realize he’s being an idiot.”
Dean scoffs. “Sure you would. I mean, look at you, saving up money, enough to pay to fix my fucking mistakes, apparently--”
Cas frowns down at his own drink. After a moment, he says, “Asmodeus.”
But he can’t help but think that surely if Cas knew there was better stuff out there, if someone had taught him better, he would choose something else.
Castiel nods, smiling, and returns to his food. Dean waves a lazy goodbye and heads out the door.
Cas sighs. “I don’t know. I was tired? Everything was filthy. You had already found me and untied me before I woke up.”
“Given the large population of people here of Indonesian descent, I think it’s likely it’s a pontianak.”
Dean shrugs.
Dean stares at him, silent. He says, “Are you serious?”
“All right,” Cas says.
Dean laughs. “What?”
They’re in the middle of a lively conversation about
“But there was always something,” Cas says. “Leviathan, Sam’s memories, Naomi, Gadreel and his ultimatum.”
“Well, you don’t have to worry,” Mary says, patting Dean on the arm. “I’m not interested in reading them. Ever.”
“Yeah.”
“If you know, then why are you being such a dick about it?”
Fifteen minutes later, they’re sitting around a table, sipping their beers and sharing some wings and fried pickles. “You know,” Dean says, “with your knife skills--” he nods at Alicia, then at Max-- “and the way you throw people around with a flick of your wrist? I feel like you guys and Cas would really get along.”
He parks the Impala in his usual spot and makes his way across the grass. When he finds what he’s looking for, he sits down in front of it, legs crossed, and presses his fingers to the cool stone, tracing the inscription.
Sam almost laughs. He forgets, sometimes, that Cas has learned to lie from the best of them, to tell careful half-truths that sound like honesty.
“About anything,” Dean says, shrugging. “About whatever’s on your mind.”
Dean laughs, swallows his food, gestures at Eileen with his fork. “For the record,” he says, when she looks up, “you’re welcome here any time.”
“It’s great to finally have my big brother back,” Sam says.
“Dean,” Cas interrupts, sighing. When Dean looks up, Cas takes his face in his hands and kisses him again. He steps forward, forcing Dean to move backwards, step after step, until they’re both inside Dean’s room. Cas kicks the door closed behind them.
“No, a double,” Dean says. The clerk nods, and then Dean says, “Wait, uh--”
-”Invitation,” Mary Oliver
Hannah and Cas both nod, but Victor shakes his head. “Hang on. Do we have, uh...gear or anything yet?”
“Yeah.” Dean huffs, voice turning bitter as he adds, “If my dad had figured that out about fifteen years earlier, maybe I would’ve actually gotten to celebrate Halloween.”
“It sure feels like it,” Dean says. “I dunno, does it have to be of biblical proportions to qualify as an apocalypse?”
Dean nods, smiles. “Me, too. It was great having you over.”
Castiel looks back down at the ground, shakes his head.
“My dear adventurers,” Charlie says, grinning. “Welcome to Oz.”
Eventually, he winds up on the CDC website, staring at a color-coded map of the United States. Kansas sits square in the middle, a sunflower yellow nestled amongst the rest of the states, nearly all of them the same shade or darker.
He hasn’t had a great track record with seeing silver linings, lately. But he knows how deals work, he understood the terms. If it had ended any other way, he would probably already have given up. But instead, here he is, knowing that against all odds, against all reason, against the heaviness of his own heart, he’s going to keep going. He wants it all, the saying and the having.
Dean twists his fingers in Cas’ shirt. He says, pleading, “Cas--”
Dean is exceedingly gentle, but Cas still hisses as he presses the washcloth against his neck.
“So what?”
Dean returns to the chairs, opting to take a seat and stay out of Cas’ way, alternating between watching Cas work and fiddling around on his phone until Cas is ready to join him.
“Cool,” Sam says. “I’d love to meet him.”
Sam smiles back at him. “Yeah,” he says. “So did you, Dean.”
“Just worried,” Cas says, voice rising. “Yeah, I know.”
“No kidding,” Dean says.
“All right,” Dean says. He keeps moving his hand in slow circles, waiting for Cas to relax. When he does, Dean slides his hand lower. He dips his fingers below the waistband of Cas’ boxers and brushes them gently against the skin there until Cas huffs a frustrated sigh and pushes Dean’s hand lower himself.
“All right,” Jack says, standing as Sam clears the empty boxes from the table. He nods to Dean and Cas. “Good night.”
s again, and Dean breathes a quiet sigh of relief as he releases the shirt to continue looking. He skips over plenty of socially acceptable options to pull out a Hawaiian shirt comprised of a patchwork of four different patterns, the prints and colors clashing horribly. “How about this?” he says.
“That’s nothing new,” Dean says. “I’ve always worried about you. If you’re hurt, if you’re safe, if you’re going to come back. Not that I didn’t already know this, but if this past year has taught me anything, it’s that shit’s tenuous.”
Dean opens the door with one hand and carefully maneuvers a couple pizza boxes in with the other. He catches Cas watching him from the sofa and says, “Uh. Hey.”
“You’re a menace,” Cas says.
Sam sighs, runs a hand through his hair. “I’ve run into some, uh. Roadblocks.”
“Hey,” Dean says. “So, uh. Listen, I found this thing that might be a case, down south just across the Texas border. Sam and Eileen are kind of...tied up at the moment, so I was wondering, if you’ve got some spare time…”
“So, I’ve been thinking,” Dean says, setting up the folding chairs, settling the little cooler between them, “that it could be fun to start planning meals around whatever herbs and veggies you’ve got ready.”
Cas continues staring at him, the silence stretching out long enough that finally Dean says, “Listen, I’m not a mindreader, so. What’re you thinking.”
“I know.”
Dean rolls his eyes. “Oh, yeah? You seen a lot of apartments?”
Hannah’s wings are spread out to either side of them, shimmering freely in the air. In the softer light of Charlie’s dining room, they’re not the dull gray Dean has grown accustomed to but instead a shining silvery blue.
“Well, well, well,” he says, throwing Dean and Sam back with a flick of his wrist, pinning them against the wall. “Looks like we’ve got ourselves a little rescue mission.”
“Dean,” he says, eyebrows raised in surprise, breaking into a smile.
They make idle conversation throughout most of their meal, Dean wolfing down his meatloaf and mashed potatoes, watching as Cas eats his chicken fried steak, pokes at his green beans. As they’re finishing the last of their food, Dean asks, “Hey man, you okay?”
Dean scoffs as he heads down the hallway. “Wow,” he mutters to himself, “I can’t believe, in my own house--”
“Hey, listen,” Dean says. “The thing about the bunker is, well...it was designed to hold a lot more than just three people, you know? So no pressure. But if you guys want somewhere more permanent to stay, we’ve got room.”
Sure, Cas had said he loved him—had said he loved all of them—but Dean knows that talk is cheap. After all, his dad had said he loved them, too. And of course that’s not fair to Cas, who has treated him better than that, has been his best friend for years. But some shit is just hard to unlearn.
When Dean’s brain catches up, he realizes that last part was about the bread and almost laughs at the relief of it. He stops his peeling to take a closer look—it’s coming together, it’s just not quite there yet. He supposes if he was trying to convince someone he loved them, he might not be a hundred percent focused on kneading, either.
“Hmm,” Krissy says. “How about
“Ah,” Cas says. He hesitates for a moment and then adds, “You don’t talk about your father much.”
“Yeah?” Dean says. Cas nods and leans back to lie on the warm sand, closing his eyes. Dean looks down at him, watches the gentle rise and fall of his chest.
Dean lifts one shoulder in a half shrug. “I’m not unhappy,” he says. “I just. I dunno.”
Cas smiles at him, half of his mouth quirking up, but there’s a furrow in his brow that hadn’t been there earlier. He says, “Give me a call if you need anything.”
“I’m not trying to pry,” Cas says. “It’s just you, ah--”
“I love you,” Dean says. His palms don’t sweat; his voice doesn’t shake like he always imagined it would. His heart races, but that’s just from the thrill of it. “Stay with me?”
Afterwards, once Sam has put his dirty dishes in the sink and wandered off, Dean clears his throat. “Hey, you know,” he says, “if you wanna talk about it, uh. I know those dreams can fuck you up, you know? Mine gave me lots of stuff I wanted, made it hard to leave.” He shrugs. “Was yours something like that?”
“Or be taken somewhere we can’t track,” Dean says bitterly.
When he finally drags himself out of bed, he finds Castiel already up, sitting at the kitchen table and rubbing at his eyes as he eats his breakfast.
Dean’s heart races a little at the sight of him, but he ignores it, closes his eye again, takes a deep breath. He throws an arm over Cas’ legs and asks him, eyes closed, “What’re you reading?”
“Oh yeah?” Dean asks.
Cas has replied.
Cas looks up at him. “Do you really mean that?”
He sets it on the coffee table as he makes himself lunch, glances at it throughout the day as he watches episode after episode of
Dean opens his mouth, closes it again. Tries to figure out what would be worse than Cas dying again; worse than feeling, not for the first time, that he missed his chance.
“Yeah, well, good genes, I guess,” he says. “Anyway, you hungry?”
“I don’t have a key,” Castiel says. He hesitates, shifts from one foot to the other and back again before he asks, “Can I come in?”
“Sorry,” Cas says, alarmed by whatever look must be playing over Dean’s face. “Sorry, I’ll—”
“I dunno, man,” Dean says, throwing his hands out to the side. “You’ve just been. Off. But even so, this clearly isn’t something you actually needed help with, so I just--”
Dean leans against Cas, head resting on his shoulder, letting the water rinse them clean once again. “So,” he says, almost as an afterthought, “I know hell, and purgatory, and heaven. I know there isn’t any rest to be found in any of those. But was it peaceful there, in the empty?”
“Already taken care of as of--” Sam pulls out his phone, glances at the time-- “nine hours ago.”
“Yelp?” Dean says.
But it’s not the
“What is it that’s coming?” Victor asks.
“Oh,” Dean says, hand stilling. He’s heard of things like this -- of angels deciding to fall, to be reborn as humans with no memory of what they used to be. He’s never heard of anything quite like Cas, though. “Uh,” he says, finally. “On purpose?”
“Feels like a morning that needs coffee.”
Dean looks over at him as he sits with his head leaning against the window, eyes closed. Warmth spreads through his chest, and he smiles, tapping his foot against the floor, his fingers against the wheel.
“Mmm,” Cas says. “Did you want to celebrate now?”
“Come on, Dean,” Eileen says, gesturing to one of her ears. “It’s so popular that even I’ve heard of it.”
Dean shrugs. “He kicked it, um. A while back.”
“What about Sam?”
He could sense the panic in Sam’s barrage of texts, his missed calls, just like he can feel his relief in the speed with which he replies,
“A good distraction.”
“How much, Cas.”
“Anyway,” Dean interrupts, “I don’t have time to take you to the store right now, so, uh...You can borrow some of mine if you want.”
“Josephine’s on her way home to pick me up for the party,” Krissy says.
Castiel raises an eyebrow at him, so Dean says, “Yeah, it’s probably for the best you don’t get that reference. Anyway, don’t sweat it. We’ll go get you your own stuff tomorrow.”
Dean shrugs, looks down at his glass, turns it round and round with one hand. “Yeah, that’s all true. He helped us save the world.”
“Why? Because you’re bored?”
They make their way to Dean’s motel, Dean in the Impala and Cas following in his truck. Dean spends the drive drumming his fingers on the wheel, glancing between the road and the rearview mirror.
“Okay,” Dean says, frowning. He watches Cas out of the corner of his eye for the rest of the night. He’s quiet after that, only engaging with the game when he absolutely has to. Mostly, he just sits in silence, drinking his beer and staring down at the table.
“Me, too,” Dean says.
After a few minutes, Cas moves one hand from Dean’s face to tug at his hip. Dean moves where Cas guides him, straddling Cas’ legs with his own. He rolls his hips experimentally and says, a little breathlessly, “Yeah?”
“It really is all right,” they say. “He’d do the same for me. And he needed the rest.”
“The victim probably didn’t know it yet, but she was pregnant.”
“Is it true?” Max asks.
Dean is still sitting silently, mouth slightly open, when Cas hangs up.
“Fair enough,” Sam says, his smile echoing Cas’ own. “But—and not that I’m in any place to judge,” he continues, thinking of his own silent phone, of every quiet moment over the past two weeks where he had sat with his thumb hovering over the screen, never quite working up the courage to hit call, “why didn’t you come back sooner, man?”
Dean would be lying if he said that part of him didn’t want to just accept the out Cas is giving him, to let the rest of the day slide by in awkward silence and pretend to have forgotten the whole thing in the morning. But he spent a long time indulging the same bad habits and watching it get him nowhere. Nowadays, the part of him that’s not really interested in continuing to go in circles is louder.
“Smoke, mostly. Swirling under their skin. Pretty trippy thing to catch out of the corner of your eye when you’re not expecting it.” He gestures to the top of his head. “And horns, sometimes.”
“Cas, I—” He wants to deny it, but he knows that he can’t. Knows Cas wouldn’t make this up just for the sake of torturing him. Knows himself well enough that he’s sure he said it. “Please don’t do this,” he says.
“It’s all right,” Dean says. “I know you didn’t mean anything by it.”
Dean can’t stop himself. He says, “You must know about all this, though. You must have heard about it from Sam already.”
“No,” Cas says softly. “I don’t.”
“A fan of the apocalypse, then?”
“Uh.” Dean nods absently. “Yeah,” he says as he stands. “Thanks, Cas. G’night.”
He gets up to do the dishes, trying at first to make small talk with Cas as he works -- how’s he feeling, does he need more coffee, is there anything else he feels like eating -- but eventually he gets tired of Cas’ one-word answers and gives up.
Sam grins, tapping his knuckles to the roof. “Can I see inside?” he asks.
“Okay?” he asks, and it’s all Dean can do to nod wordlessly in response.
Dean rolls his eyes. “C’mere.”
He’s puzzled for a second, Cas turning the question back on him, but he supposes he can answer with some authority, after all.
“Good night, Dean,” Cas says as he stacks the boxes and plates, gathers the empty bottles.
Dean grins at the text for a few seconds and then sends back,
“It was on sale,” Cas explains as Dean eyes the giant pile of candy sitting on the coffee table.
He’s so caught up in his planning that he doesn’t even realize what’s happened until he sees the blood pooling on the cutting board.
“It’s...complicated.”
It should be simple, once they’ve been pointed in the right direction. It should just be a matter of Cas following the clues, using his super-human senses or whatever other tricks angels always seem to have up their sleeves to track the thing back to its lair. Instead, he seems...off. Distracted, maybe. But every time Dean asks him if he’s okay, he says he’s fine. Eventually all he gets in response is an annoyed sigh, so he stops asking.
“Of us.”
An invisible force knocks them off their feet and pulls them through the door, which slams shut behind them with an ominous clang.
Dean is still in the middle of rolling his eyes when Cas leans the rest of the way across the table and kisses him.
He’s greeted by the sound of water running through the pipes, so he heads into the kitchen to make himself dinner while Castiel finishes showering. He tosses the letter onto the counter, sighing and running his hands through his hair before he grabs a bowl for cereal.
“--and try to meet a certain threshold depending on how challenging whatever you’re trying to do is,” Charlie finishes. “We’ll assume average human stats for now, which means you’re not gonna have to worry about adding anything to your roll just yet.” She nods towards Cas. “Go ahead.”
Cas has mostly recovered by the time Saturday rolls around.
“Oh,” Dean says. He sighs, closes his laptop. “Yeah.”
“Well,” Sam says, after the Impala is once again locked and covered, “I’ve got a case going to trial next week, so, uh. I really gotta get back.”
“Oh yeah?” Sam says, looking up at him. “I’m not the one with the living room covered in--” he leans to look out into said room-- “
Dean braces himself as he opens the door, catches and holds Charlie up as she leaps into a hug.
The morning sun shines through the blinds, casting Dean’s face in alternating bars of light and shadow.
“Yeah.”
“Guess I annoyed him into answering.”
Dean rolls his eyes and throws a napkin at him. He squawks as it bounces off his cheek, laughing as Dean grins.
He sighs at himself and mutters, “No, we’re not going to do that.” He presses the button for the crosswalk instead, standing a few feet back from the curb as he waits for the light to change.
“Yeah, all right,” Dean muttered, and pulled to the side of the road so they could switch off.
Dean shoots off a quick text:
There’s no fluttering of wings, no rustle of displaced air—just a knock at the door.
“It was,” Cas insists. “And I’m sorry, too.”
“No, she is,” Krissy says, then looks down, grimaces. “We usually hunt together, you know? But she twisted her ankle the last hunt we were on, and this one couldn’t really wait, so…” She trails off, shrugging.
The bunker is the kind of quiet you only get when you’re wrapped in a foot of reinforced concrete and surrounded by miles of uninhabited land, but it isn’t silent. There’s the faint but perpetual hum of machinery from the power plant, and layered on top of that are the sounds of the electric bulbs, of the refrigerator, of the TV, of the bunker’s few inhabitants going about their lives.
” Dean asks.
Dean grins. “Aw, c’mon, Vic. You’re no fun.”
“Being on the same page feels pretty good,” Dean says.
“No, it’s fine,” Dean says. “Really. I get it. I mean, you could have just told me how unhappy you were here. You don’t have to stick around just for my sake.”
“Yeah,” Dean says. “It does.”
“Hmm,” Castiel says, going kind of still, setting down his burger.
“Going to the store,” he says, half-waving as he heads up the stairs. He gets only a distracted “Okay” in response, Sam barely looking up from his computer.
“What?” Dean mumbles around a mouthful of food.
“I mean, they seem important to you.”
“I don’t need your help,” Cas says.
“I thought, what if whatever you were dreaming about was better than this shit you have to deal with with us day after day, you know?” Dean says, looking at the ground. “And now you tell me about us being together, and I just-- I can’t live up to whoever I was in your dream, all right? I’m never going to be able to live that apple pie life.”
They lie in bed, kissing lazily, until Dean starts to nod off.
Krissy looks over at Mary. She says, “Has he always been like this?”
“I--” Cas says. “Nothing. I was just...thinking of something else.”
Cas looks up at Dean and meets his eyes. He says, levelly, “I know from experience that it isn’t.”
Dean clears throat. “Um. A few months, I think? It feels like it’s been longer than that. I guess ‘cause he’s been living here over a year now, and, uh--” Dean shrugs-- “I dunno. Already wouldn’t feel the same without him.”
“Awesome,” Dean says. “Lemme get changed and then you can tell me about it?”
“Dean?” Castiel says.
Charlie scoffs. “I would never.”
Dean lets Cas sleep while he makes him breakfast -- eggs and sausage, toast and hashbrowns. Once he’s done, he piles everything onto a tray and carries it into the bedroom.
Something in Dean wilts. “Is that really what you think this is about?”
Castiel grins and, mercifully, pulls his hands away from them.
“I can’t do that, Dean,” Cas says tiredly. “You know that.” He starts pushing the covers away with one hand, but Dean reaches out to stop him.
Alicia smacks him in the arm, rolls her eyes as he laughs. “What he
“You kids have fun,” he says through the open window, and leaves on one final mission.
He tries to do the calculations, see how a lifetime of innocent people saved stacks up against the carnage of the past few months—can’t quite manage it, not with the way Cas is stroking him, is breathing damply against his collarbone. But he can picture it like he’s making his own map, can see the tiny, inconsequential specks of life crowded out by the ever-growing spots marking all the COVID epicenters.
But really, he reasons, given the current situation, how much more screwed up could things possibly get?
Cas turns to smooth down his collar. “You can,” he says. “You can go and eat dinner and talk to your brother and let him pay for your food, because he cares about you and wants to do something nice for you.” Dean starts to protest, but Cas simply repeats, “It’s going to be fine.”
Dean shrugs. “Not a lot to tell. She ran a bar with her girlfriend, and at first I thought it was just a gimmick, you know, something to bring customers in, an angel and a demon running a--”
“He ran away,” Dean confirms. “During his senior year of highschool. I like to think he’s made it big by now, you know? He’s a smart kid, talked about going to Stanford. Bet he did pretty well for himself, wherever he is.”
He’s right. It’s stupid easy with Cas there.
“Nah,” Dean says. “Hope they’re doing well, though.”
Dean opens a new browser tab, sighing. He forces himself to focus on following through on his lie, goes through recipe after recipe trying to find one that will be tedious enough to keep him occupied for a few hours but that won’t require him to make an unnecessary trip to the store to pick up more ingredients. He settles on a clean-out-the-pantry type stew that requires a truly absurd amount of prep—peeling and cubing squash, chopping vegetables, mincing spices. He’s just putting on the finishing touches when Cas makes his way back down from the roof.
Dean hesitates in front of Cas’ closed door, wondering what it means, if maybe he’s already asleep. He had cycled through his usual go-tos, tried reading and listening to music and lying down to sleep, late as it is, until he found himself here, hand hovering in the air, poised to knock as he chews at his bottom lip. He’d had this idea that maybe Cas would still be up, and they could sit together in bed and watch a movie until he passed out with his head against Cas’ shoulder, and at that point it would be silly for him to go back to his own room, so Cas would shut his laptop and set it aside, press a kiss to Dean’s forehead as he urged him under the covers and they settled into sleep, and—he taps his knuckles against the door.
Charlie groans dramatically, leaning back against the couch. “Literally the worst thing I’ve ever done,” she says. “I feel like I haven’t had time to do anything but coursework in years. I’m not sure I even know what ‘fun’ is any more.”
“It’s not a perfect system,” Sam agrees. “But it’s there if people want to opt in. And it’s a hell of a lot better than nothing.” He shrugs. “Anyway, in the meantime, we should just keep looking for cases the usual way.”
Dean scrolls Yelp as the credits roll, grimacing when he sees that none of the bars in town manage to break four stars. Still, he turns to Cas and says, “You up for some dinner? This place is decently rated and the burgers look pretty good. It’s not even five minutes from here.”
“What?” Cas starts to ask, but before he can even get that one word out, Dean crowds up into his space, grabs him by his arms and kisses him hard.
Cas turns to stare at Dean as he continues to hold the towel to his face. “Then why are you so...whatever it is you’re feeling when I’m around?”
“Thanks,” Dean says, grabbing his beer and heading outside.
Dean is in the middle of cooking when Cas arrives.
“Sure,” Dean says. “Yeah. That’d be great.”
“It’s just...it’s gonna be a slow process of finding out where everyone is, relying on self reporting, that kind of thing,” Sam explains. “It’s going to involve a lot of trial and error. A lot of voluntary participation, too. I don’t want to be Big Brother--” Dean scoffs and Sam rolls his eyes. “You know what I mean. Anyway, I’m still going to set it up to do GPS tracking, but it’s not foolproof, since you can turn the GPS off or since phones can run out of battery or be broken--”
“Cas,” he says, “what day is it?”
Max manages a pained, shaky smile as he nods.
“Uh,” Dean says, shifting uncomfortably. “Oh.”
Cas startles a little, looks down and away, like he’s embarrassed to have been caught. “I’m fine, thank you.”
“C’mon, I’m sure we’ve got a few copies,” Krissy says, leading him to the K section.
“I was going to head up to the roof,” Cas says.
we can do,” he says, trying to keep his voice steady.
Cas doesn’t say anything in response to that. When Dean looks up, he’s sitting there, not eating his cereal, just fiddling with his spoon, his expression carefully blank.
For just a beat, Cas’ rhythm stutters. “I was trying to protect you.”
“Exhausted,” Dean admits.
A few moments pass in awkward silence until Dean says, “You uh. You okay?”
It’s easier to just pretend special days don’t exist at all, to treat every day exactly the same as any other. Every holiday, every event, everything significant that happened to Dean in the life he has and everything that could have been important to him if he’d lived a different one—it’s better just to let it all slip by unacknowledged.
Underwatering isn’t the end of the world, Cas had told him. You just show them a little care and they bounce right back.
Dean is slow to get up, waking late and lying in bed, fiddling around on his phone. He checks his bank balance, stomach twisting at the double digits, before closing the app and opening his email. He smiles when he sees he has a new message from Charlie.
“Take care,” Castiel echos.
“Dear Cas,” he says, “who art in—wherever the fuck you are, I know Jack wouldn’t have left you in the empty—”
“What do you mean?”
“Hey, why don’t you guys go relax in the living room?” Dean says, gesturing towards the couch as he stands from the table. “Get to know each other a little while I make dinner.”
Dean sets down his keys, slides the pizza onto the counter, closes the door. He runs a hand over the back of his head and says, “Look, I’m sorry.” Before Cas can add anything, he continues, “I’m not mad. I just worry, you know? I’m not used to this-- this--” he gestures at the apartment-- “to all of this. To having a steady job and bills to pay and somebody to come home to every day that’s not my brother.” He laughs nervously.
“Yeah,” Dean says, huffing a laugh. “I am.”
Dean looks down as he swipes his card. With his focus on the screen, he can see Hannah’s wings behind them, pulled close to their body so they don’t disturb the rows of cigarettes on the back wall. They’re dull gray in the glare of the florescent lights, rippling slightly as the machine beeps at Dean to tell him his payment went through.
“Oh, right,” Dean says. “Yeah, for sure.”
“No, no,” Dean interrupts. “You look great, man.”
“Oh,” Cas says, a smile spreading across his face. “Thank you.”
Dean rubs his hands on his jeans. “Yeah,” he says. “It just kind of uh. Happened.” Cas picks up another fry, doesn’t say anything, so Dean continues, “It’s nice to be able to give them a home, you know? Things got kinda screwed up for them when their mom died. And it only makes sense with Sam’s grand plan, right? Gotta have some people at the center so they can go where they’re needed.”
“Oh yeah?”
It’s just disappeared out of sight when Cas asks, “Where’s Sam?” Dean doesn’t mean to react, but in response to whatever involuntary expression he made, Cas rushes to add, “I’m sorry, I--”
Dean gets back to the bunker before Sam does. He goes through his usual routine -- unpacks his duffel, tosses his clothes in the laundry, hits the showers -- before he makes his way to the kitchen. He makes himself a sandwich and eats it in silence at the table as he looks at his phone. Two messages from Sam:
“Yeah.”
“Oh, hell yeah,” Dean says. “I can’t believe I didn’t think of that.”
“Yeah, sure,” Dean says. He unlocks the doors and steps back, standing next to Cas as he watches Sam slide into the driver’s seat, run his hands over the steering wheel and the dash, smiling the whole time.
Dean shifts uncomfortably. “Why not? I mean, it sounded like you had it pretty good there, man.” He lifts his hand, drops it back down onto the table with a thunk. “And I know from experience how easy it is to just slide into it. To tell yourself it’s real.”
Dean turns from his cooking to find Cas hovering in the doorway. “Hey,” he says, grinning. “You say hi to everyone already?”
It had seemed like a ghost at first, then a witch, and now Cas is thinking maybe it’s a cursed object. They spent the day following a bunch of rabbit trails, but Dean finds himself energized by it rather than frustrated. It seems to be the case for Cas as well -- there aren’t any circles under his eyes this time, at least, even though they took a detour during the day so Cas could help a kid who had fallen, his father fussing over him. He’d given some spiel about being a doctor and smiled at the kid as he fixed his broken arm.
. It seems like it’s always on.”
Working on Christmas Day isn’t actually as bad as it could have been. Victor shows up at Dean’s cubicle midmorning and hands him a plain white box.
There’s a long moment of silence during which Dean has plenty of time to imagine Cas telling him he’s insane, getting out of the Impala, and slamming the door behind himself.
Cas nods absently, looking around as he unscrews the bottle cap. Dean is right; it’s not quite the same. “And it didn’t have Mountain Dew.”
“Sorry,” Dean says. “What?”
“Oh my God,” Charlie says. “No way?”
“So,” Cas says, standing from where he was pretending to examine the dirt. “What’s our next step?”
“That’s what you were doing earlier.”
“You heard me.” Dean crosses his arms, stares Cas down.
For a second, Cas watches Dean turn away, back towards the door. When he finds his voice, he says, “You’re running away right now.”
“Yeah. Sorry if it was, uh. Kinda rude.”
Dean steps aside to let Sam in. “So, uh, this is my place,” he says, scratching at the back of his head. He gestures to each room as he gives a brief tour. “Bathroom’s back there,” he says, “Kitchen here, and the living room. Bedroom’s through that door, obviously.” Sam nods along, smiling. Dean clears his throat. “My, uh-- my roommate is at work right now, but he’ll be home pretty soon, and if you wanna stick around, I can make us all dinner? But if you want a snack or something--”
and the last one, from just a minute later,
“Cas. It’s fine,” Dean says, heart still racing. He runs a hand through his hair. “Is everything okay?”
“The Men of Letters,” Eileen explains. “We’re legacies. Sam and Dean managed to find one of their bunkers, which would be surprising, except, given their history…” She smiles, rolls her eyes.
Cas sighs. “All of it,” he admits.
Cas hesitates for only a moment before rolling onto his side and into Dean’s space. Dean reaches out and pulls Cas’ arm over his waist, tucks Cas’ head under his chin, tangles their legs together.
“Save the world?” Victor says.
“Enjoy your days off?” Dean asks from the table, tapping against the side of his mug.
He’s not completely oblivious, though he’s pretended to be for a long time, has found that easier than trying to square up to whatever it is that exists between him and Cas and demand answers. He’s seen the way Cas looks at him sometimes, has felt the charge in the air. It’s the same way he’s looked at plenty of people in bars, in roadside diners, at truck stops scattered around the country. The same sort of energy. He knows what it means. If he wanted to blow off some steam, he doesn’t think Cas would say no.
“Exactly. There was always some shit that seemed to come out of nowhere to fuck things up again.” There was always something stepping in, he knows now, to deny them their denouement, no matter what they might have done on our own. “You ever—you ever think about how things might have been different?”
Subject: RE: sup
“Yeah, well,” Dean says. “Don’t get used to--” He’s distracted by his phone vibrating where it sits on the table. He glances down at it, looks back up, realizes he’s forgotten what he was saying. “Uh--”
“Oh my God, Cas,” Dean groans. “There’s a reason no one had bought it.”
“I don’t want to forget what it was like to be happy!”
but the words get stuck in his throat. He swallows them down, turns around, and walks back down the hallway towards his room.
“You ass,” Dean says, fighting a grin. “You know what I mean.”
Dean taps his fork against his plate, pursing his lips. “Well,” he says eventually, “if that were the case, I figure it wouldn’t make much of a difference. I mean, hell, if my boss was a shapeshifter or something, who cares as long as they’re not hurting anyone, right?”
Dean stares at Cas for a long moment before turning back to the coffee. He waits in silence until it finishes brewing, then pours some into a travel mug for himself and some into a regular mug for Cas. He walks the mug over to the table, setting it in front of Cas hard enough that some coffee sloshes over the edge.
“Except the kitchen,” Dean says, leaning forward, elbows on the table. Cas looks up at him, squinting. “With you and my mom coming over for dinner, that makes seven of us. Figure we can set up in the library, use it like a fancy dining room.”
“Yet,” Dean says.
Cas looks up when Dean enters. His brow furrows briefly as Dean makes his way over to the slab, but by the time the door swings shut behind Dean, Cas’ expression has smoothed back out.
She smiles, nods. “It is.”
Dean stares at him for a long moment, something hot and ugly spreading through his chest, up his throat. “Okay,” he manages, eventually.
“We’re gonna get ourselves killed,” Victor says.
That’s when Dean figures it out.
Sam appears in the doorway at almost the exact instant they finish arranging the chairs on either side of the couch. “Hey,” he says, “a couple hunts popped up while you guys were gone. Max and Alicia are headed off to take care of one, you guys mind taking the other?”
The first day of the new year rolls in without fanfare. The most exciting thing is the office’s monthly birthday celebration, a standard one-cake-fits-all affair. Dean savors his small slice of german chocolate cake and resolves to be content with nothing but that.
“So,” Cas says. “That’s what I’ve been doing, when I can.”
“No, wait, maybe waffles. Feels like a morning that needs a little texture in it.”
He says, “His name’s Cas, by the way. Short for Cas.” He pauses as his phone vibrates with Cas’ response:
“Not a thing,” Castiel says, and Dean laughs. “I like hearing you talk about her, though,” he adds. He traces his fingers over the chrome around the window. “She’s beautiful, Dean. You’ve taken very good care of her.”
As an adult, Christmas is easier. Christmas gives you warnings, makes it impossible for it to sneak up on you. The weather changes, gaudy decorations pop up in storefronts, strings of lights appear on every street, half the radio stations become insufferable. Dean always knows Christmas is coming, and when a hunt falls around that time, his FBI cover makes for an easy lie. People will accept his quips about crime never taking a break, and if they’re cool enough, he’ll subject them to his terrible Bison impersonation, his cheeky grin as he says,
“Whichever one makes you the least annoyed with me.”
“You didn’t,” Dean says. “It’s just that I’m trying to think of a counterargument, I guess.”
“Hey, um,” Sam says, drawing Dean’s attention back to him. “I just wanted to…” He takes a deep breath, looks down at his feet, scuffs his shoe against the sidewalk. “I wanted to say I’m sorry.”
but he gets caught on it, closes his mouth with a sigh. He says, “I don’t know.”
Sam built his own desktop computer and has it hooked up to the rest of his system in the war room. There are phones set up like Bobby used to have, meticulously labeled, and they’ve modified the table, turned it into a touch screen map of the U.S. that’s actually really freaking cool. They’ve got a semblance of a system up and running, and Dean is excited about it in his own right, but not as excited as he is to see Sam so excited about it.
“Me, too,” Dean says.
And the way Cas is looking at him? Dean thinks, with no small amount of smugness, that he’s never seen him happier.
“Anyway, point is, most people should have the decency not to be dicks. Anybody gives you shit about your wings or anything, you let me know. Been a while since I caused a scene, but I’m sure the skill will come back to me.”
Dean reaches between them and takes his dick in his hand, strokes himself slowly as he watches Cas. It’s easy, unhurried—he doesn’t have to worry about whether anyone is going to walk in, whether this is going to be the only chance he gets to do this, whether he’s fucking it up. He gets to be wholly in the moment, gets to experience everything in perfect, miraculous clarity. He gets to watch every expression that flickers across Cas’ face, gets to run his free hand along the taut muscles in his arms, his chest, gets to hear every catch in his breath as he buries himself inside of Dean.
“C’mon,” Sam says, turning towards the doorway. “Time for some well deserved rest.” Jack trails behind him, leaving Dean and Cas sitting alone in the kitchen, knees bumping together under the table every time one of them turns in their seat.
“Dean,” Cas says again. This time Dean processes it, blinks a little more awake to find that he’s fallen asleep on the couch with head on Cas’ shoulder. His neck is unhappy with the angle, but otherwise, he’s warm and comfortable. Cas’ sweater is soft against his cheek, his touch gentle against his arm.
“Sort of,” Dean says. “Can you recommend me something for someone whose favorite Vonnegut book is
“So what happens now?” Cas asks, when they finally part.
“But I also kind of wish you hadn’t.”
It’s only when his skin starts to prune that he gets out and dries himself off, putting on his pajamas and leaving his work clothes in a heap on the floor.
“That’s not what I said.”
“You’re shitting me.”
“For bailing on you.”
“Hey,” Dean says, once Cas is stripped down to his boxers, “think you can manage to stand long enough to shower?”
He pulls over on an empty stretch of road a few miles outside of town, stepping out of the Impala to lean against the hood. He closes his eyes, adjusts his footing, folds his hands in his lap.
Cas sighs. “I can’t make your life mean something to you, Dean.”
“Can I ask you something?” Cas asks.
“Sorry,” Cas says, “I’m tired from all the work earlier. Rain check?”
Castiel looks down at himself, then back up at Dean. “Yes?” he says. “These are the only clothes I have.”
. “How about this one?” Castiel says, looking up at Dean. “It’s like some of the ones you have.”
“You already said you were sorry. You don’t have to say it again.”
Dean surprises himself by laughing. He thinks, wildly, that he’s never loved Cas more than he does at this moment.
“Things aren’t going to fall apart if you take one day off to take care of yourself,” Dean says, sitting up the rest of the way. He holds his hand out towards Cas. “Give me your phone. I’ll call in for you.”
Dean snorts, shoving at Cas’ shoulder. “Shut up.”
“Uriel,” Dean says. Cas breathes in sharply. “You know him?”
Cas looks down at his hands. Dean waits patiently as they sit in silence for a few minutes, until, finally, Cas turns to look out the window and says, “I’ve been thinking about being...in-between.”
“You sure?”
“And that’s why you’re telling me to fuck off, huh?”
To: Charlie Bradbury
“Dude,” Dean says. “Really?”
s in a way that sounds a lot like a disagreement. Dean holds him a little tighter. He says, quietly, “I mean it.”
Sam sighs, ignoring Dean as he makes his way to the fridge. “So, I was thinking,” Sam says, turning to Cas, “I get if you’re not up for it, but if you’ve got the energy, Donna is working a case and could use our help with some research.”
“Christ,” Dean says. “Can’t we have a day to just relax?”
“Oh, hey, that’s awesome,” Dean says. “Congrats.”
“So, anyway,” Charlie says. “What’s up? How’s Lawrence?”
They settle into a routine. They go on hunts as needed, they hang out around the bunker, they learn how to exist in the same space from day to day. Just as Dean feels like maybe he’s getting the hang of the new turn his life has taken, Cas gets a call.
Dean laughs. “Yeah, sounds about right.”
“You got it,” Dean says. They’d moved the old TV into the bedroom, so he turns on the news, sits half listening to it as he checks his emails on his phone.
“I dunno,” Dean says. He moves his hands from Cas’ hips, slides them under Cas’ own, lacing their fingers together. “Forget it.”
Cas pulls out his phone, and because they’d spent a good thirty minutes earlier marveling at the fact that the internet could contain an amount of data impossible to consume and yet somehow they had still both seemed to run out of things to do on their phones, Dean asks what Cas is doing.
“I’m serious,” Cas says. “At the very least, you need stitches. You--”
“Yeah,” Cas says. “I suppose so.”
“You didn’t ask for more,” Dean says. “You told me I wasn’t enough for you and then ran off like you always do.”
“What if I get wine drunk?” Dean asks petulantly.
“I don’t understand why I keep reaching for this,” Cas says. “I’m not hungry. And pieces keep getting stuck in my teeth.”
When they part, Sam looks away, down at the ground, running a hand through his hair. “Uh,” he says, shifting from one foot to another. “I know this is kind of a big surprise, but I just, um…”
Cas raises an eyebrow. “So what’s the point, then?”
“A few,” Cas says. “How common is it? For humans to be able to see--” he gestures to himself-- “us?”
“You ready for this?” Dean asks.
“No,” Cas says from underneath the blanket.
“That’s not what I mean,” Dean says, heat rising up his neck, creeping into his face. “You find shit like the theater and museums and actual good fucking food just as boring and bland as I do.”
“Save-the-world fantasy type stuff,” she says. “As for what it’s
“Sorry, kiddo, wouldn’t want to miss the first day of school,” Dean says. He laughs when Cas cracks open one eye to glare at him. “C’mon, you don’t wanna sleep in here.”
“Mornin’,” Dean says. “Figured I’d find you up here. Anything I can help with?”
“I’m fine,” Dean says. “Everything is fine.” The fact that he’s still sitting with the car in park and his knuckles white against the wheel says otherwise, but Cas is nothing if not impossibly patient with him. He clenches his jaw, swallows. “I just wanted you to have a good time.”
“Um. Yeah,” Sam says. He’s quiet as he sits back down and lays his book on the table. He fiddles with the cover as he says, “You know, no pressure, but you can talk to me if you don’t want to talk to Dean.”
He ignores the buzzing of his phone in his pocket, text after text after text, as he walks the silent hallways, makes his way to his room.
They next day, they’re getting ready to head down to the beach, and Dean comes out of the bathroom to find Cas wearing the ugliest Hawaiian shirt he’s ever seen -- a familiar patchwork of four different patterns in four different colors.
The bite of winter in the air makes his skin itch, raises goosebumps along his arms. It’s a relief after the heat of summer, for him if not for Cas’ plants. Some of them are looking pretty sad, whether from the cold or some other variety of neglect Dean isn’t quite sure.
Cas brightens immediately and says, just as hopefully, “Popcorn?”
“What?” Dean grits out. “Why?”
“Mmm.”
Dean chuckles. He says, “Sorry. You go first.”
“Noted,” Castiel says. “Thank you.”
“Merry Christmas,” Dean echos. “Hey, so, now that you’re so close by...What kinda pie is your favorite?”
“We’ll even sweeten the deal by telling you we’re not the only ones looking for you,” Sam adds.
Sam grins and turns back to Eileen, starts telling her about his program he’s working on, jokes about how maybe he can tie it into Yelp so it’ll automatically pick the best restaurants for them to go to during hunts. Eileen watches Sam’s hands as he speaks, stops him in the middle of his sentence and moves his fingers slightly, repeats the sign with him until he gets it perfect. She smiles at Sam and Sam smiles back, and Dean misses whatever it is Sam says that makes her laugh, loud and sudden, before she covers her mouth with her hand.
“I think we’ll live.”
“Awesome,” Dean says, grinning up at her.
Dean swallows hard. “Well what?”
“I—that’s not—I never said—” Dean starts, frantically searching his memory, trying to remember how he pitched this to Cas, what exact phrasing he used, which of the scenarios he’d rehearsed had actually happened.
“I do,” Cas admits, smirking.
“So, Castiel,” Dean says. “How’d you wind up in Lawrence?”
“So, Krissy,” Mary says. “You were born into this?”
The guy’s eyes land on Dean and he immediately squeezes them shut again, covering his face with his hands, trying to steady his breathing. “Rough night, huh?” Dean asks lightly.
Cas stops in his tracks, looks down at Dean, finally meets his eyes. He’s still frowning, some mix of apprehension and tentative hope playing across his features. “Really?”
Cas rubs at his eyes. After a long pause, he sighs and says, “Okay?”
Krissy rolls her eyes. “I’ll meet you there, grandpa.”
Dean tells Cas the story all in a rush, sparing him the more graphic details. He’d finally caught up on the rent and celebrated by picking up Chinese food and beer on his way home. It’s only after he stops talking that he realizes how flushed he feels, that he notices his three empty cans to Cas’ one.
Dean’s smile fades. “Honestly? There’s not much more to tell. It was kind of stupid. I beat the literal God and then got taken out a couple weeks later by a bunch of vamps with a clown fetish.” He huffs a humorless laugh. “You know, for the first time in a long time, I didn’t want to die? I had all these ideas about the life I was gonna live, the things I was gonna do, and then…” He shrugs. “Just like that, it was over.”
“Yes it is,” Dean says. “Whatever it is, it’s important to you. I can tell.”
“Got a lot to catch you up on,” Dean says. He lets go just enough to put a little space between them, to take a long look at Cas, hands on his shoulders. “But first, I gotta tell you, man, your confessions have the worst timing.”
But of course Cas relents, indulges him just like he always has in a thousand different ways. He releases Dean’s hands, lets Dean reach down and undo his belt as he slides out of his shoes, stands up fully to slip out of his slacks and boxers.
Dean looks up at the screen and sure enough, it’s Bruce Willis, but this is distinctly not
“That’s awesome,” Sam says, grinning. “A couple of friends of mine tried to get a campaign up and running in college, but it never quite got off the ground.”
Cas nods, tilts his head towards his truck. “Shall we?”
Cas sighs and acquiesces, allowing himself to be pulled into the bedroom.
“I did,” Cas says. After a moment, he amends, “I do.”
“Yes.”
Dean can feel his heart beating out a frantic rhythm in time with his racing thoughts. In his panic, he defaults to the nihilism that’s gotten him through this ordeal so far. “You can’t be serious,” he says, scoffing. “What about our lives, about any of this, makes it seem like it means something.”
“That’s the best kind,” Castiel says seriously. He makes his way into the kitchen to get himself a bowl as Dean grabs his half-finished food from the living room. As they take a seat across from one another at the kitchen table, Castiel says, “I got a job at the corner store.”
“Exactly as planned,” Dean says, handing him the Gatorade.
“How did you wind up here?”
A few seconds of silence stretch between them. Finally, Dean swallows. He looks away from Cas and says, “Oh, okay. Uh. Thanks for coming, man.”
After that, Dean decides maybe he’s aiming a little too high. Maybe he just needs to start a little simpler, that’s all. What could go wrong with, say, a nice meal?
“Yeah?”
“Did it occur to you,” Cas says, “that maybe I have better things to do than cater to your insecurities?”
Jessica calmly pulls out her phone, face lighting up as she pulls up her pictures. “Here,” she says, holding her phone out to Dean. “His name is Oliver.”
“What?” Dean asks, his own smile finally fading, too. He shakes his head, brow furrowed. “No. There’s no case, I just told you--”
Sam snorts into his drink. Eileen glances over at him, smiling as their eyes meet. Sam stuffs another bite of food into his mouth, then signs something at Eileen that has her grinning even wider. Dean, for his part, rolls his eyes, mutters “Cheater,” and returns to his food.
“Dean,” Cas says, startling him out of his thoughts. “Are you all right?”
Dean wanders into the library while Cas is reading. “Hey,” he says. “I figured you guys could use some coffee.” He scans the room before he sets one mug next to Sam’s abandoned notes and offers the other to Cas.
Cas hesitates, looks at the towel still pressed against Dean’s face and then back up. As he meets Dean’s gaze, he says, “I can show you?”
awesome.’ And then they finished closing up and kicked me out.”
“Blood loss tends to do that to you,” Sam says. “And for what it’s worth, caffeine isn’t really a great idea after--”
Dean makes a sound of surprise that turns into a laugh as Cas grabs his hand, pulls him down next to him on the sand.
“So,” Dean says, taking a sip of his beer. “What’d you think of the movie?”
“Do you want to test the TV with me or not?” Cas says.
maybe even an interrogation. If Sam tells him this can’t end well, Dean is going to agree with him. If Sam asks him, right now, what the fuck he thinks he’s doing, Dean will tell him, quite honestly, that he doesn’t know. He doesn’t know why he’s subjecting Cas to morbid conversation, why he’s asking him for the casual, desperate sex that’s always occupied the space where he imagines some more complicated kind of intimacy might exist if he were someone normal. Maybe he’s using him as an outlet for his shitty thoughts and restless energy because he knows Cas can take it, because not once in all the time they’ve known each other has Cas ever shied away from something Dean has done, no matter how awful. Or maybe he’s just doing whatever the hell he wants because quarantine feels like a time out of time, a skippable filler episode, a temporary detour from the path of his life. He knows, objectively, that isn’t true, but he can’t seem to get himself to hold onto the thought long enough for it to make a difference.
“Dean,” Cas says, “that’s not--”
There are angels all over the country.
as Dean puts a pan on the stove, pulls out eggs and sausage, english muffins and sharp cheddar.
You would think, given Dean’s life, the people he’s watched die, the apocalypses he didn’t stop soon enough, that he would be used to staving off grief too big for any one person to manage, grief for the whole world at once. You’d think, given his wealth of practice, that small, personal grief would be easier to manage.
Dean’s just about done cooking the chicken when he picks up on a shift in the conversation. He isn’t sure how the subject of cars came up, but he catches Sam saying, “Oh, man, our dad used to have this ‘67 Impala. We basically lived out of that car for years.”
“I think,” Cas says slowly, “maybe I just don’t ‘get’ art. But I appreciated the experience, anyway.”
Cas leans over to kiss him again before starting on Dean’s belt, and Dean stops him there—holds Cas still with his face in his hands and looks up at him, at the flush in his cheeks, his slightly parted lips.
Cas reaches up, wedges his arms between them and takes Dean’s face in his hands, looks from one of his eyes to the other, frowning. “Because I wanted to see what you did. You could have done nothing, and you would have suffocated in minutes. You would have been right back where you fought so hard to stay. I wanted to see if you would fight for something different.”
Dean huffs a half laugh and shoots back,
“It had dead spots,” Cas says, inching the TV a little further out of the box, “and you called it a ‘hunk of junk’ just the other day.”
“Need” is, of course, a strong word. He doesn’t know what the hell he’s doing, feels like he’s helping in the same way a five-year-old trying to learn to do the dishes is “helping.” Cas doesn’t seem to mind, though; he’s patient as he shows Dean how to stick his finger in the soil of some plants to see if they need watering, how to feel the leaves of others.
“Hmm,” Sam says, looking at Dean over the rim of his mug as he takes a sip of tea. “Well, were you?”
“See you soon,” Cas echos.
“What?” Dean says, stomach flipping.
Cas smiles, raising one eyebrow. “You have no problem accepting the existence of angels and demons, but you scoff at the idea of monsters?”
When they meet up with Mary a few minutes later, Krissy takes one look at her, raises an eyebrow, and says, “There’s no way this is your mom.”
“Or maybe we both just have impeccable taste,” Charlie says, taking a seat next to him.
“Dean?” Cas says, setting his glass down on the counter.
“At least make yourself decent first,” Dean says, pulling the hand towel from where it hangs on the oven and tossing it at Castiel’s face.
Cas shrugs.
Cas looks up at him. He thinks it might always terrify him a little, looking right into Cas’ terribly expressive, wholly human face, but he plans to keep doing it, anyway.
“Can I get one of those?” Sam asks hopefully as Dean rises from the table. “I’ll trade you cleanup duty for it.”
Dean heads into town later that afternoon. As he wanders the aisles, he has to think carefully about it, add up everyone in his head -- mom, Max, Alicia, Krissy and Josephine, Sam and Eileen, himself and--
Dean exhales, shoulders sagging. “Yeah, I know, right? Something isn’t adding up, here.”
Alicia leans in, too, and says, “The handprint.”
Dean huffs a laugh. “Yeah, I guess,” he says. Before he can stop himself, he adds, “Anyway, what I’d really like to do is go to college, you know? Maybe get a degree in mechanical engineering or something.”
“I suppose we should cut right to the chase,” she says. “What do I get in exchange for whatever favor it is you want from me this time?”
Krissy shrugs. “Trying to find human connection when technology is destroying the world and making us all stupid, I guess? Seems popular with the ‘boo hiss technology’ crowd.”
“I park on the side of the road and head for the stairs,” Dean says. “You guys gonna back me up?”
Dean grins as he tucks his phone between his ear and his shoulder so he can talk while he finishes rinsing his dishes. “Not that I’m complaining,” he says, “but isn’t our generation supposed to be allergic to making phone calls?”
It would be a whole ordeal to get it now. Even if the food weren’t already half cooked, he’d have to drive all the way to the store, and even then, he can’t do curbside pickup unless he hits the thirty dollar threshold. Problem is, he just did his weekly run yesterday and he doesn’t want to buy stuff for the sake of buying it, feels exhausted by the prospect of going to the effort of picking out that many things they don’t really need. He feels what he knows is an irrational despair over something so small, and then he has an idea.
They take a victory lap. They start with their parents, with Bobby, with Ellen and Jo, Kevin and Charlie and everyone else they lost along the way. By the time the initial rounds have been made, others have started catching up to them—Jody, Donna, the girls. Claire and Kaia all grown up, a few more scars and a lot more silent, knowing looks shared between them.
“Did you want to come in?” Cas asks.
“You’re being dramatic,” Dean says, making his way to his cubicle. “You know me, I wouldn’t pass up the opportunity to be yelled at for eight hours a day.”
“That doesn’t sound like Cas,” Sam says.
“Anybody else wanna bring anything?” Charlie asks.
“Sure,” Castiel says.
“It suits you,” Dean says. “Aren’t you worried, though? About raising red flags? People tend to notice stuff like miracles.”
Eileen looks back down at her phone, taps at the screen, and says, “I’m leaving your secret underground bunker a five star review on Yelp.”
And then he shifts, slides closer, presses a kiss to the corner of Cas’ mouth so casually that it takes his breath away. He inhales sharply, clenching his hand against the sheets.
Cas pushes past him to stand just past the entryway, taking it all in. Back to Dean, he says, “You did all this?”
“Your childhood home.”
The floor creaks as Cas walks down the hallway and stops to open the door he finds set into one wall. It’s largely occupied by spare pillows and blankets and sheets, but at the very bottom, tucked underneath the bottom shelf, is a familiar duffle bag, packed and ready to go if duty calls.
Dean squints at Charlie and asks, slowly, “What’s the road like?”
“It’s just, uh…” Dean clears his throat. “The movie’s not great, anyway. Let’s find something else.”
. He sits up a little as Dean enters.
and hits send.
Cas opens his eyes. He sits up slightly, stretches his hand across the seat, palm up. Dean takes it, laces their fingers together.
Dean pulls the post-it off and checks the time. He was right; it’s nearly eleven, which also explains why he’s so hungry.
Dean shifts in his seat. “I, uh,” he says. “I don’t have it any more.”
“You drive to the power plant,” Charlie repeats, nodding. “It’s uneventful other than Victor’s quiet complaining. It’s dark by the time you arrive, but you can just barely make out some steps leading down to a door.”
“I’m sorry,” Cas says, pushing his chair back from the table and standing, preparing himself to beat a hasty retreat from this conversation, “for bringing it up. I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable. I know you hate how people assign meaning to certain dates, and I—”
“It, uh,” Dean says. “Has a lot of personality?”
Raising his hands in defeat, Dean starts a pot of coffee brewing.
Castiel-
“Listen,” Dean says, “it’s not like I was hiding the river from you.”
Jack shrugs. “Most prayers are. But that’s not necessarily a bad thing. There’s nothing wrong with wanting things. Or with asking for them. And...I’ve heard there’s some value just in the saying.”
Cas nods. “If your work on the Impala is any indication, you’d be great at it.”
Dean wanders back down the hall and into his room. He paces back and forth, pulls his phone out of his pocket and taps it against his forehead, puts it away. Rearranges the books on his shelf. Straightens the weapons hanging on his wall.
“Of you going off and dying on me again.”
Cas stares down at his plate, eyes stinging, as Dean throws on his jacket,grabs his keys and wallet, and slams the door closed behind himself as he leaves.
There’s no way Cas didn’t hear the door bang shut, but he doesn’t turn around, doesn’t acknowledge his presence in any way. Dean sighs to himself, shoving his hands in his pockets as he makes his way over, stops at a calculated distance—not so close he’s crowding Cas, but close enough that they can talk. He absently pokes at the tip of an aloe vera spike as he says, “It’s going to be too cold for them to grow up here soon.”
“Do you know, when the demon offered me a year in exchange for Sam’s life—” He digs his fingers into Cas’ hips, pulls him forward, closer, faster. “Do you know how I felt?”
“Nice,” she says.
“All right, all right,” Dean says. “You win.” He rubs at his knee with his free hand and asks, “So you gonna come over or what?”
Sam nods as he finally unfolds himself from the kitchen chair and moves towards Cas. “Hey, don’t sweat it. You must be Castiel,” he says, holding out his hand. “It’s nice to meet you, I’m--”
Cas narrows his eyes at the popcorn as the lights in the theater dim. As the previews start to play, he grabs another handful.
“Well,” Cas says. “Since you asked so nicely.”
Dean grins, pulling out his phone and bringing up his gallery. “My turn,” he says.
“Exactly,” Dean says. “And anyway, we’re playing dumb college kids, remember? No offense, Charlie, Hannah.”
Cas has lost track of the number of gas stations he’s been in, but this one is a bit different. Here, there’s an angel behind the counter.
Cas is contemplating him, is looking at him so sadly, sadder than anyone should have a right to look with their dick in Dean’s hand.
Cas can feel Dean watching him as he dries his hands, so he closes his eyes and holds onto his mug.
Sometimes, they don’t quite manage to make it the whole way through—they wind up resting their heads on each others' shoulders and dozing off when things get boring, wind up getting distracted kissing on the couch even when things are still interesting.
He holds Cas close. “That’s better,” he says into Cas’ hair.
“Nah, I ate dinner already. I could go for seeing more than just your entryway, though.”
Dean shrugs. “I dunno. Where do we go from here?”
The angel snorted a laugh, met Dean’s gaze. “You could have been,” he said, mouth turned up at one corner. “But not here, not now. Here, you’re just as boring as everyone else, myself included.”
Cas knows better than to take him seriously. Instead, he sets the book down on the nightstand and slides down to lie next to Dean. Cas kisses him the rest of the way awake, eventually shifting to roll Dean onto his back, straddle his hips. Dean leans his head back as Cas moves against him, pressing kisses to his throat, but then Cas stops, pulls back. He looks down at Dean and asks, “Do you want me to stop?”
Cas shifts on his feet. “I know,” he says. “I’m not trying to be, either, it’s just…”
“We’ve missed half the episode at this point,” Dean says.
Cas obliges, leaves his half-finished drink and follows Dean back out to the parking lot. He moves towards his truck at first, but Dean stops him, says, “No, come with me.” He gets into the driver’s side of the Impala as Cas slides into the passenger seat, and once they’ve both settled in and closed the doors behind them, he says, “Talk to me.”
“What’s this?” Dean asks, looking down at the envelope. When he opens it, he finds a small stack of cash inside, what looks to be at least a few hundred dollars.
They spend most of the evening time talking about the new roles they’re going to take on as they train to help the resistance. Charlie walks around the table, helping each of them with their character sheets, filling in stats, choosing feats.
“Come in,” Cas says, voice tilting up at the end, making it sound like a question.
Sam had given him a thumbs up, and that had been it -- no breaking and entering required. Just a matter of driving far enough away that they could burn the bear in peace, and that was that.
Dean considers it—genuinely tries to work out how he’s feeling and finds that it’s true. “Yeah,” he says. “It is.” He smiles at Cas, runs his thumb across his knuckles. “Of course we can celebrate.”
“Yeah,” Dean agrees. He taps his fingers against his phone through the fabric of his jeans. “Whatever we want.”
Sam nods, satisfied, and without a word, he and Dean half-carry, half-drag Cas out of the room, down the hallway and to his room.
“I’ve been looking at that tracker the CDC has,” Dean says, closing his eyes. He can picture it perfectly, as though all that bright red and orange has been burned into his retinas. “That color-coded one that shows you the cases and the deaths by state. And it’s so many people, Cas, even just here in the US. So many people have died.”
“Sam has to be wrong,” Dean mutters to himself, sitting down in front of his laptop and starting his usual searches. There has to be something out there for them to do, CDC recommendations be damned. He’ll take anything, no matter how many disgusting fluids might be involved.
The guy nods, palms still pressed against his eyes. He takes a few more deep breaths before he finally pulls his hands from his face. Dean holds out a hand and the guy takes it, allows himself to be pulled to sitting. He frowns at Dean, looking down at their clasped hands and then back up.
Krissy laughs, waving lazily as she turns to go. “Have a nice day, grandpa.”
Cas sighs and rolls over, scoots so he’s sitting up, and runs a hand through his hair as Dean sets the tray in front of him. He squints down at it and says, “Coffee?”
“I believe it’s called a smart TV,” Cas says mildly.
Sam rolls his eyes, as if to say,
Dean stands, tense and silent, and Cas wonders if he’ll bother to respond at all. Back turned, Dean exhales slowly. He says, quietly, “I’ve watched you die, all right? More than once. And I can’t do that again, Cas. I just can’t. I can’t worry about that all the time, it would be paralyzing.”
“Nah, not today,” Dean says, and they leave it at that.
“Googling whether you can literally die of boredom,” Cas says.
“What was that all about?” Sam asks—not accusingly, not angrily, but with a terrible gentleness that immediately makes Dean regret abandoning his escape plan.
“Okay,” Dean says. “Well, there’s also something that looks like a possible salt and burn up north--”
“Mmm,” Cas says.
Dean sighs in relief. “Thanks, Vic.”
“Castiel,” the angel says.
“That sucks,” Dean says. He purses his lips and asks, “Do the cheeseburgers help?”
Cas nods and comes to perch on one of the stools while Dean finishes up the few different sauces he’s trying -- a standard tomato sauce, a pesto, a garlic parmesan one. If Cas’ reactions are any indication, their first family dinner is going to be a huge success.
By the time they’ve stayed up way too late watching the extended version of
“Dean’s right,” Mary says. “I don’t know everything Castiel has done, but I know who he is now. He’s one of the good guys.”
He comes across a potential case a couple hours later, what looks like a werewolf snacking on people’s organs a little north of LA. When Dean pitches it to Sam, though, he gets a frown in response.
“It’s great,” Cas says, around a mouthful of eggs.
“Mmhmm, that’s what I thought,” Dean says.
Cas swallows, smiles over at him. “I can do whatever I want here, too,” he says, “and I want to taste your food like a human would taste it. So really great.”
Dean can’t save anyone right now, has never been able to save everyone, can’t even save himself from his own stupid decisions half the time. But he can at least keep the people he loves fed, even if it means spending hours alone in the kitchen only for them to heat up leftovers after the fact.
Charlie Bradbury
There’s a long pause, then, nothing but Cas breathing on the other end of the line. Finally, he says, “I can show you, if you want.”
They’ve decided they need a distraction. It’s not without risk, but they decide to send Cas in to draw the enemies away, reasoning that he can simply teleport away before he gets into real trouble. That should give them enough time to find their captured ally and escape unnoticed.
“Hey,” Charlie says, grinning up at him once her feet are back on the ground. “Long time no see.”
“No,” Cas says. “So everything I left undone, it’s-- it’s always going to be undone. There are mistakes I’ll never be able to correct. Words I’ll never be able to say. People I--” He stops again, swallows hard. Curls his fingers tighter against Dean’s own. “I wasn’t ready to let go,” Cas says, voice shaking.
“But, I dunno. I think just framing it as a distraction isn’t giving us enough credit, you know?” Sam pauses to stare down at his mug, run a finger idly along the top as he thinks. “I can’t speak for you, but what keeps me going is choosing to do things that really matter. With everything we’ve seen? Everything we’ve done? You know as well as I do how fragile and precious life is.”
Dean opens his eyes, and there Jack is, leaning next to him, a pleased little smile on his face.
Cas must have seen the panic playing across Dean’s face, because something in his expression immediately shutters. He nods once and says, his voice carefully neutral, “That’s okay. It’s not important.”
Sam sighs as he turns and steps down into the kitchen. “Like I said. Not possible. Nothing has changed.”
“It’s just what?”
In response, she looks him up and down, brow furrowed, and says, “What exactly are you now, Castiel?”
Cas rolls his eyes. “I suppose you’re not so bad yourself.”
, picks up the coffee without opening his eyes, takes a slow sip, and sighs with pleasure.
“What’ll we even do if there are no more apocalypses, huh?” Dean says. “Or is it apocalypsi?”
“Oh, thank God,” Sam breathes.
“Look,” Dean says as he plugs the TV in, “I’m not gonna tell you how to spend your money, but you could have used that to...I dunno, to get out of here for a few days, go on a vacation--”
Dean nods. “I’ll be here,” he says.
As Nick punches their order into the register, Dean says, “What, not gonna ask us if we wanna supersize ‘em?”
As the light fades, Dean takes a deep, deep breath, hands clenched into Cas’ sleeves as he straightens, stands on his own. Sam sees it, the exact moment where something shifts—where Cas moves to pull back and Dean refuses to let go.
By the time he gets back to the bunker with everything he needs for the pizza plus some basics for the next few days, Max and Alicia’s car is in its usual space in the garage. The bunker is quiet, though, as he makes his way inside and down the stairs. It takes him two trips to get everything to the kitchen, and it’s only when he’s halfway through putting everything away that Josephine wanders in.
Dean meets up with Cas the next morning, waves at him as he makes his way across the parking lot. “Hey,” he says, swallowing against the tightness in his chest. He clears his throat. “Thanks for coming.”
The CDC map is waiting for him, right where he left it. The number of deaths has almost doubled since the last time he looked. They’ve changed the layout slightly, too—the country-wide numbers are up top now, the calming shade of blue-green surrounding them, a buffer between the user and the angry warm tones of the map. If you want the visual that really makes it hit home how bad things are, you have to scroll down. You really have to want it.
“You make your way down the stairs, which open up into a larger room,” Charlie says. “It’s dark enough that it’s hard to make out much besides the vague shapes of a table and ancient-looking machinery. The only light is from Victor’s flashlight, and…”
Cas is still lying in bed when he gets home. He sits on the edge of the bed and frowns down at him. “Didn’t you have work today?”
“What is it that you see? When you look at them?”
Dean finds a hunt the regular old-fashioned way: He Googles it.
“Dean, what…?”
Cas squints down at him and
He can picture it, even now, the way Cas looked each of those times—his earnest contrition, his regret. His quiet joy. And he remembers, too, what he had felt, all those times where it seemed like they were on the edge of something, where he had that sense he gets sometimes when he watches a movie or a show or a book, something where he recognizes the beats, where he can say, all right, the characters have been through enough hardship, now, and here comes the climax and the resolution. Here’s the payoff.
“That’s because you’re paying half the rent but all of the utilities,” Cas says matter-of-factly. “And you do nearly all of the grocery shopping, and you have to pay for car insurance and I don’t, and you added me to your phone plan but won’t let me give you any money for it--”
“Well, it appears that
He walks the aisles between booths in the exhibitor’s hall. No Dean. He goes into every lecture room and scans the seats. No Dean. He haunts the lounge where they met. No Dean. He finds a seat along a wall on the main concourse and tries to catch Dean walking along the hallway or taking the escalator up from the first floor. Still no Dean. It’s late and the exhibitors are closing up shop and heading out of the convention centre for drinks and dinner when Cas admits defeat and heads home.
“Napa, California. It’s an art gallery in a winery.”
“Why not?”
“I’ve been banished more than once. Remember I when called you from a dog track in Australia?” Cas pauses to squeeze lime into his bowl.
He shifts uneasily on the seat, trying to get into a more comfortable position.
The next two days are surreal. They head through the savannah, following a road whose paving disappears at the city limits to become not much more than a rough track. Dean snaps pictures of giraffes eating leaves off spiny acacia trees to send to Sam. Their little convoy has to stop once, near sunset, as a herd of antelope cuts across in front of them.
Inside his room, he sits Cas on his bed and hands him a couple of Tylenol and a bottle of water. Dean pours some water from the pitcher on the dresser into the porcelain basin, and wets a cloth. He helps Cas wipe the blood off his face and out of his hair. There’s a bruise forming on his ribs and a pretty impressive bump on the back of his head.
“If we banish all these squirrels into the woods, are we gonna upset the balance of nature?” Dean asks.
Dean opens his eyes and Bobby is standing there in jeans and a denim shirt with the sleeves rolled up, a down vest over top, and his trucker hat firmly on his head. He does not look happy to be there, and that makes Dean smile.
What is he even doing? He doesn’t know this man. All he knows is that he’s beautiful and sexy and nothing at all like Michael.
. Victor drives skilfully, keeping to the bottom of the valleys and threading his way among the dunes. Dean wonders how he knows which way to go, but Victor doesn’t seem worried. He passes the time telling Dean about the different types of sand in the Sahara.
Mashaya’s distracted by the noise, and Dean twists the gun from his hands and stands up. Mashaya surges to his feet, but before he can launch another attack, Dean swings the gun by the barrel like he’s batting for the Royals and hits Mashaya in the side of the head with the stock. Mashaya collapses on the dusty ground, and Dean, adrenaline receding, slides down the car door he’s been leaning against to sit heavily on the ground beside the insurgent commander’s still form.
“But the keys. Aren’t they in the locker?”
! Isn’t it hilarious?” Gabe is practically giggling. “He came right up to me and asked if I was Gabe. So of course I said yes. I figured the rest out from context. This sure as shit is more fun than that mortuary of a party watching good ol’ Mom try to separate the monied classes from their, well, money. And,” he leans forward conspiratorially, “the booze is better here.”
“Meg.”
Cas smiles down at Dean and kisses him again, hearing Dean gasp when his hand slides down his back, pressing up and against him with a finger, and Dean rolls away, fumbling at the drawer in the bedside table. He tosses a condom and a bottle of lube on the bed. Cas slicks up a finger and presses slowly into him. Dean tenses up slightly, his breathing coming heavy now, and Cas stops, waiting for him to relax. When Dean begins to rock his hips slightly, chasing Cas’s finger as it slides in and out, Cas adds a second finger. Before long, Dean is writhing and moaning on the bed, and Cas rolls the condom on, slicks himself up, and then he’s pushing in, slowly, until his hips are flush against Dean. The feeling is overwhelming and Cas waits a moment, trying to get his breathing under control. Dean starts rolling his hips and pulls him down for a kiss and Cas goes willingly, focusing on the sensation of having his tongue and his cock buried in Dean. Slowly he begins to rock into Dean, building into a rhythm punctuated by Dean’s moans and whispered curses. Cas feels like he’s flying, he snaps his hips harder, chasing his orgasm and Dean gasps, hissing out a breath through his teeth every time Cas bottoms out. And then Cas thrusts deep and stills, his orgasm washing over him. Cas collapses on top of him and lies still for a long moment, Dean kissing his neck drowsily.
Maybe he shouldn’t have acted so suddenly, but he finds it hard to regret it when Dean wraps his arms around his back, drawing Cas down flush against him. Cas decides he’s never letting go. His body is on fire as Dean presses his lips harder against his, a quiet groan vibrating deep in his throat. The sound sends a jolt through Cas’s entire frame, and the strong arms around him tighten as he shudders.
Dean wakes up the next morning when he feels his pillow move out from under his head. He opens a bleary eye and sees Cas stretching. His leg sets up a steady dull throb that isn’t improved by him struggling into a sitting position. He feels horrible, in addition to his leg, he’s stiff from sleeping on the ground.
He looks up towards the door, filled with hope or dread, he can’t decide which. This can’t be happening. Not twice in the same day.
Dean pulls on some clothes and retrieves his sneaker from the floor, discarding it in favour of hiking boots. He throws a water bottle and a jacket, and after a moment's thought, his satellite phone, into a backpack. Pushing out of the tent, he can see Cas loading things into a jeep that's seen better days. Jerrycans, presumably gas or water, are already strapped onto the chassis. Cas is hefting a cooler into the back seat. Even at this early hour, the camp is busy. Staff is moving in and out of the hospital tents, someone is singing Billy Idol enthusiastically but off-key, and a donkey is braying somewhere beyond the kitchen tent.
He hears Cas stand up and move across the room. The curtain is swept back and Cas bites back a curse.
idea what you were doing when you cast that spell? I can smell the whiskey on you. What on Earth gave you the idea that you were in any shape to use magic?”
And Dean can see it now. How could he have missed it before? Dean can see it in his eyes. He can see how Cas feels. He crosses the room and takes Cas’s mug out of his hand, ignoring his small sound of protest. He puts the mug down on the counter.
And that had been that.
He skids to a stop behind her, but she’s heard him. She whirls to face him and the trajectory of his thrust carries the sword into her belly instead of her back. She opens her mouth and screams, stringy black hair blowing back from her face, and then she bursts into a cloud of silvery vapour and vanishes. The blade falls out of the air onto the path.
“Go for it,” Charlie says.
Every room feels warm and lived in and like it’s all falling apart just a little, and Cas can’t help but think it’s as if the entire apartment is gritting its teeth and saying, “I’m fine.”
“It smells amazing in here,” Sam says.
“So we’re, um,” Dean says. “On the same page?”
Cas leans up on his elbows, looking to either side for a long moment before lying back down. He looks up at Dean and smiles as he says, “Thank you.”
He’s out of bed and following the noise before he even has time to wake up all the way. He finds everyone in the war room, the scene before him shifting him suddenly into alertness. Max is laid out on the table, breath coming in pained bursts from between his teeth. Alicia is holding onto him and whispering soothingly, blood trailing from where Max lays all the way across the floor and up the stairs. Josephine is standing off to the side, arms wrapped around Krissy, whose face is buried in her shoulder.
“Well,” Sam starts, and then he’s off, relaying everything Donna has learned so far as Dean cooks.
“You’re making fun of me,” Dean says.
“I may have, uh…” Sam leans back in his chair, scrunches up his face. “...Liberated? Them.”
“And you can’t go back,” Dean says.
“Actually,” Sam says, and looks up at him.
“I’m being conscientious. Humans have such a finite amount of time on this earth, and I’m sorry if I’m loathe to waste so much of it sitting around staring at the side of a building.”
“Changed my mind.”
So Dean takes it upon himself to be a better teacher, because it’s not just the food, it’s...everything. It’s the way Cas dresses in torn jeans and faded t-shirts and secondhand flannels, it’s the way he’ll spend an entire day binge-watching Catfish: The TV Show, it’s the way he’ll read whatever dime novel Dean puts in his hands but can never find time for Emerson or Thoreau or Kant.
He opens the bathroom door and freezes as he steps out of the hallway and looks into the living room. Cas is sitting on the couch, a couple of pizza boxes and some beer from the corner store on the table in front of him, plates and napkins stacked off to the side.
“Now here he is,” Dean says.
“Oh?” Cas says.
“I’m a fucking idiot,” Dean says to the empty kitchen, after he’s gone.
Dean goes into his room, closing the door behind himself as he strips down to his boxers. He crawls under the covers and turns off the light, then lies in bed and listens to the sounds of Cas getting ready to sleep: the water moving through the pipes as he goes through his own nightly ritual, his footsteps as he makes his way over to the couch, the rustling of fabric as he settles  under the blanket.
. They watch it in silence, slowly chipping away at their snacks.
The blast of cool air that hits him as he opens the door to the roof is a surprise. There’s a sharpness to it that he can smell as much as feel that he knows means winter is on its way, that it’s already dipping down near freezing at night. He knew, on some level, that time was still passing, but it shocks him anyway—the cold, or maybe just that the seasons have changed without his permission.
he wraps Cas in a hug at the side of a river and he says
“You can keep fighting me on this if you want,” Cas says gently, “but given present circumstances, I’m pretty sure I’m going to win.”
“What the hell are you doing here?” Dean asks.
“I told you,” Cas says. “I’m--”
The shower is being finicky, water refusing to run anything other than lukewarm or boiling hot. Sighing, he settles for the former,  standing with his head under the spray so the water drowns out all other sound. He feels vaguely ill as he composes texts to Cas in his head:
Castiel folds his hands together. “Yes,” he says. “You can.”
“Really?” Eileen and Sam ask in unison.
“No,” Cas says, pushing himself up onto his palms, looking Dean in the face. “Do you?”
“And don’t even try to make it sound like this is quality time we’re spending together. You know as well as I do that we’d both rather be at home doing something else.”
“I am,” Cas says, smiling.
“Okay,” Cas says.
He stands for a minute with his finger hovering over the keyboard. He types out,
“My partner?” Dean asks.
Cas says, quietly, “You need to go to the doctor.”
Charlie stops walking towards him. “You okay, dude?” she says. “You look like you’ve seen a ghost.”
After a moment’s hesitation, Cas pulls out his phone. He glances down at it and says, “Oh.” He slips it back into his pocket. “Are you hungry?”
“Yes,” Cas says. “I did.”
Dean can feel Sam’s eyes on him as Alicia and Max get up from their seats, say their goodbyes. As soon as they’re out the door, Dean turns so Eileen can see him speaking and says, “Look, I didn’t want to offer without running it by you, but are you guys cool with--”
Sam grins. “It’s just in the beginning stages now,” he says, sitting up straight, tabbing between screens. “But I’m hoping to take what they had and build on it, add in some filters.” He taps at the screen, at the pictures of familiar faces in the Men of Letters’ files -- Garth, Alex, Max and Alicia. Cas. “Their program was indiscriminate, and we know how badly that went. So. I’d like ours to have a little more, uh…”
The sun is just starting to dip behind the horizon as Cas pockets his shears and takes a seat. Dean pulls a couple beers out of the cooler, and they sit in companionable silence as the light fades.
The next message was less angry and pointed out the logistical problems with Cas’s plan. The third was pleading.
Cas nods and Dean’s whistling
came back pretty quick, talking with those guys.” At Dean’s nonplussed look, he adds, “I went to med school at McGill University in Montreal. Lived off-campus, French roommates, learned the slang.”
Dean busied himself gathering up his belongings so he wouldn’t have to meet Cas’s eyes. He wasn’t at all ready to tell Cas how
“Shut up and change,” Cas told him.
“Hold up. Not that easy to move quickly when you’ve got a Shinto-blessed sword down your pants.”
“No, I don’t believe I do.” Ellen’s voice is cool, and she shuts the conversation down, as she busies herself cutting lemons behind the bar. Cas doesn’t believe her, but what can he do about it? He eats his burger and resigns himself to Plan B—walking up and down the streets of Churchill until he sees Dean’s house, he’s pretty sure he’ll remember it when he sees it. He has a street map of town, picked up at the airport, and is armed with the knowledge that the bears are all out on the ice of Hudson Bay at this time of year, hunting seals.
“Just watch, Dean.”
Cas looks up at him. He lets his head fall back against the seat and takes a deep breath. “It’s the blessing.”
Turns out the profiteroles are already baked and in airtight tins. There are hundreds of them. Pastries, not tins. He checks the refrigerator and hallelujah there are containers in the fridge marked ‘profiterole cream.’ He replays the video. Okay, he needs to put the whipped cream in a piping bag and then fill the cream puffs. How hard can it be? He can totally do this.
They corner the  squirrel in the library, but before they can catch it, it swarms up a display case filled with cursed objects, locked away safely in warded boxes. The samurai sword in its sheath falls from its peg on the wall, hitting a small carved onyx bottle on top of the case on the way down. The bottle spins in the air and lands at Sam’s feet, the top popping off and a red liquid spattering Sam’s feet.
“Can you at least take off the cuffs?” he asks the man, first in English and then in French, but the man ignores him and leaves the tent, only to return in a few minutes with a canteen of water.  Dean could really, really use a beer, but he’s heartened by the thought that if they’re making sure he has water, they’re probably not going to shoot him. He can hear the man outside the tent and soon smells a cigarette burning.
this. But, Cas is bleeding and hurt and deserves an answer, no matter how assholey he’s being. Man up, Dean. Tell the truth.
He must have gotten turned around after leaving Charlie and Dorothy’s hotel. Cas thought the Airbnb was down this way. The crunch of snow under his boots is the only sound in the still night, the cold on his face is burning. He walks along another residential street that isn’t his, golden light hemmed in by curtained windows of the houses he passes, looking cozy and warm. Cas wishes he were cozy and warm in his rented house. If only he could find it. There’s no way he can work the GPS on his phone in his heavy gloves (if he even has service here) and it’s way too cold to take them off. He’s sure he’s in the right neighbourhood, Churchill isn’t that big, he’ll just walk a little further and see if anything looks familiar.
He finishes filling the last cream puffs, and licks some stray cream from the back of his hand. It tastes good. And that feels good. What would it feel like if it was Dean’s tongue licking whipped cream off his skin? He idly squeezes some of the cream out of the piping bag onto his finger and considers it for a moment, and then squeezes out more. He puts his whole finger in his mouth and then sucks the cream off it as he pulls his finger back out through his lips, eyes closed in enjoyment, a small groan escaping him.
“Are you fucking kidding me?” Cas is angry now. “You dumped me, Michael. You made up your mind without even consulting me, emptied your stuff out of the apartment and went on to a new life without even worrying about what I wanted.” Michael starts to say something, but Cas carries on without letting him have an opening. “You were right. We don’t belong together. Looking back, it’s obvious now. You always had one foot out the door.”
Dean makes a noise like a startled parrot.
Victor is going to be when he finds out about this. If they survive.
Cas notices him blushing and the small smile that Dean sees appear on his lips makes him think that they might be thinking about the same memory from the saggy bed of the Cheyenne Motor Inn the night before, their haste to touch, the fact that they hadn’t even managed to remove all their clothes before falling on the bed, ravenous for each other.
“Dean, I’m sorry.” He stops a few feet away.
Cas retrieves his phone from his coat pocket and sets it on a bedside table. He fiddles with it and soon
Cas groans. “I’m not using that.”
Cas leans against the wall and then slowly thumps the back of his head against it a few times. Can this night get any worse? He’ll heat up the chocolate sauce and then that’s it. He’s grabbing Gabe — in a headlock if necessary — and leaving before anything else happens.
“How do you know?” he whispers back.
“Me too,” says Rowena. “It’s been a lovely visit, and I’ve enjoyed your company, but I’m planning on spending Hogmany in Scotland.” She looks at Dean, smiling sweetly. “I’ll make you up a hex bag before I go."
November cools off and trails into December. The snow flies early, and by the week before Christmas there’s a thick layer on the ground.
Dean rolls over and puts his lips close to Cas’s ear. “We could join them.”
“Some of them aren’t even real Swedish words, and the ones that are don’t have anything to do with the actual function of the item.”
“Oh, but I can. The evidence is there. Tell me, were you working the clinics in Toro Koro and Gouro?” Dean’s feeling stupid now, as well as angry.
“I’m sorry Sam,” Dean says, “here, let me help…” and promptly trips over Sam’s hair. The squirrel, sensing that the attention is no longer on it, leaps from the display case and breaks for the library door. It almost gets away, but Cas manages to slam the colander down, trapping the squirrel underneath it.
“Okay, knock yourself out.” Sam’s attention returns to the TV.
“Evening, Bobby,” he says with his eyes still closed.
He finds his gate and sits down, checking his phone for emails. There aren’t too many other passengers present, about thirty, he estimates. It’s a small plane, a turboprop, that’s going to take them from Winnipeg to Churchill. He glances around. Several groups of twenty-somethings, some with small kids in tow, a retired couple, and a few men on their own, like him. He looks closer at the far bank of seats. The man from the store is there, his parka on the seat beside him, and he’s intent on his own phone. A smile flits across his face as he scrolls through whatever it is that he’s looking at. Cas finds himself staring more than once, and has to force his eyes down to his own phone.
“Yes,” Cas says, “it’s fine”, but instead of putting the phone down and snuggling back under the covers, he swings his legs over the side of the bed and heads for the bathroom. Mornings after suck. There’s nothing quite as awkward as facing someone in the cold light of day. Someone whose tongue you’ve had down your throat (and a few other places, a snarky part of him chimes in) during an alcohol-fueled passion. Memories from the night before come back unbidden when he’s in the shower. Looking in the bathroom mirror, he can see himself blush. And what’s that on his neck? A hickey. Great. He realizes he can’t hide in the bathroom forever and finally comes out.
What sounds like a breath of relief passes between Dean’s smiling lips as he pulls away, just far enough to whisper, “I can work with that.”
“How are we even hearing them down here? It’s not like we can sleep with the windows open.”
“Uh, no. I’ve had enough polar bears to last me a lifetime already.” Dorothy joins them at that point and it distracts Charlie for a moment before she asks what he means by that.
“Cas, I’m not a lawn chair that needs fixing.”
“Those are called bettas, Dean.” Cas is grumpy now. “I don’t want a fish. I want a pet I can play with.”
“Who says I’m waiting that long?” It’s a rhetorical question. Dean leans forward and finally,
“Okay, well you do know his last name now. Call the hotels near the convention centre and ask to be connected to his room. Go online and find his home number in Churchill.”
Mashaya inclines his head. “Exactly. And if you’ll continue to cooperate, we can just load up the rest of the supplies and be on our way without anyone getting hurt.”
“He’s a doctor. A new guy, just rotated in.” Dean remembers what Cas had said about oil workers being ransom material, but the doctors being left pretty much alone.
“They left at sunrise. They’ll probably be here before noon. Gabe’s coming, and he’s bringing Benny and enough spare tires to fix up the jeep. So we just need to move out to the edge of the labyrinth so they can see us. I want to wait ‘til the Vicodin kicks in before you try to walk.”
They drive through the heat of the late summer evening, stopping for gas when they’re about an hour from the bunker. Moths are already fluttering around the sodium lights, pale against the fading sky, when Dean comes back to the car after paying. He hands Cas a Snickers bar. “Here, this oughta hold you until we get home.”
Dean’s grin is wicked. “But is it working?”
“That’s just it, Meg. Logically, I know I’m single. Emotionally, I’m still not quite there. And when I gave in to impulse, it just felt so good. Just feeling, and not thinking, but the next morning I felt horrible.” Cas drains the last of his coffee and puts the cup down on the table. “Which had nothing to do with Dean, he was great. It was all me. I just had to get out of there, get away from the situation, so I could figure out how to feel about it.”
“Oh no.”
“Don't be a Scrooge, Sammy. Can’t you just enjoy our happiness?”
Dean leans back in his chair, perhaps to give Cas some distance between them. “You know it really did hurt when I found your note.”
The driver and passenger get out and open the back doors. Meg and Dean are pulled out. They stand close together in the light from the car headlights. The men start unloading the vehicles and Dean can see Youssef among them. In the background is the steady grumble of a generator. Lights strung on a wire between two poles illuminate the small valley. The men empty the vehicles, carrying boxes to the tent next to the generator. Probably a refrigerator in there for the drugs, Dean thinks.
“Let’s go. Sam will be getting worried.” Cas says, dropping another kiss on Dean’s cheek and pulling him towards the path back to the winery.
“Hey, Cas.”
Cas leans over to look at the proffered phone.
Dean remembers how fucking fond of Cas he felt that day, seeing him want to take care of Claire, how seeing Cas care about someone else just made him so damn happy. And truth be told, despite how he deflected, it made him warm inside that Cas was worried about him too, cared about him too.
He’s just back in his room, lying on his bed, sipping his beer, when the room goes cold again. Dean closes his eyes and sighs. When he opens them again. Kevin is standing at the end of his bed in dark jeans and a tee shirt with a picture of Beethoven wearing headphones. His hair is shaggier than Dean remembers.
“Hi,” Cas says.
“Mashaya?” Dean asks.
“Pffft. They’re everywhere. I went on a shitty Tinder date once with a guy who looked just like Daniel Radcliffe at a hipster bar in North Bay.”
************
The voices are getting louder from the booth. “Cȃlice! Parle-moi pas comme ça!”
When I kiss your lips, ooh I start to shiver
“And you let her walk away?”
Dean’s hands are tangled in the sleeping bag while Cas uses his hand to angle Dean’s cock upwards and sinks his mouth down on it again. He picks up speed and the sweet friction has Dean moaning his name, the pleasure inside him rising to a fever pitch.
just to be sure demons weren’t taking vermin vessels. The squirrel had looked unimpressed, but not demonic, as it went about its business emptying the feeder of sunflower seeds.
And what can Dean say to that? Cas has’t had very many pleasant human-type experiences to date. He deserves his stupid Swedish jigsaw puzzle. Dean sighs and starts sorting the screws and dowels and other hardware, making sure that they’re all there. “Alright, let’s get this show on the road.”
“What? Who?”
Dean has a nanosecond to wonder what his face looks like as Cas’s eyes widen. But then his mouth is full of lava and his eyes are full of tears and he feels like the room is suddenly 500 degrees Fahrenheit. Cas hands him a napkin as he splutters, and pushes a glass of water within reach.
“I mean that I care about you.” Dean stops. The world does not implode. In fact, the night continues on around them. A night bird calls, a cloud drifts across the moon. Huh. OK. He continues. “I mean that I have feelings for you that are not friend feelings. I’ve felt them for a long time. I like being with you. I feel better when you’re around, I miss you when you’re gone.”
“The sex,” Cas stops and sighs. “That’s the problem. The sex wasn’t what I expected.” Dean goes very still at that, and Cas hurries on. “It wasn’t as,” he hunts around for the right word, “superficial as I was expecting.”
“From what I’ve seen, you seem to have a lot of misunderstandings,” Dean says to the man still hanging onto his arm.
Cas tries again, for clarification. “You think that I don’t want to be here.” It’s not phrased as a question.
As he gets closer, one of the roughnecks, who’s also standing now, surges across the table, grabbing the attractive stranger by the front of his shirt and cocking his other fist back, ready to punch.
used to this. Sighing theatrically, he marks his page in the book and reaches over to put it on his night stand. Before he can even roll all the way back over, Dean is on him, kissing him deeply and pushing him into the pillows.
“Like I was going to stay here.” Dean’s voice is cold, and Cas looks at him uncertainly.
Cas huffs. “Dean.”
He’s texting Sam to let him know they’ll be home before midnight when the waitress brings them crispy fried spring rolls and dipping bowls of fish sauce along with a pot of jasmine tea and two tiny cups that Dean side-eyes immediately. He doesn't do tea, and he sure as hell doesn't do tiny cups.
“Tasha. Poor girl. He probably propositioned her in that smarmy yet plausibly deniable way of his and snapped when she turned him down. I warned her about him.”
“Relax, duct tape is an excellent wilderness first-aid item.” He rips off a strip, careful to keep any sand off it, and smooths it over the gauze pad, and then places another one next to it. “It’s going to act like a pressure bandage. And here, take this.” He passes Dean a pill. “Vicodin. For pain.” Dean swallows it obediently.
“Sure Cas, they’re great. Thank you. My hands feel better already. Merry Christmas.” He can’t look away.
It’s Victor who answers. “Mashaya. It means ‘the Walker.’ He’s half legend, and all the stories about him are blown out of proportion.” Youssef glares at him and spits on the ground. It’s a pointed comment on Victor’s assessment of Mashaya.
“Come on, come watch the lights with me.” He tugs on Dean’s wrist.
isn’t even a Swedish word at all. The closest one in spelling to it in the dictionary is
“I know it must have looked bad. I didn’t figure out right away that you’d seen the kiss, but not what happened next. After I told Michael to leave, I went looking for you, and Meg told me you’d left. That’s when I realized you’d seen us. I swear to god, Dean, I called every hotel in downtown Toronto looking for you. I went back to PDAC and searched for you. I was in a panic and I couldn’t find you anywhere.
He works his way through this like an engineering problem. One: Youssef is Boko Haram. He has evidence of that with his own eyes. Two: Youssef tried to stop him from associating with Cas. Which would make sense if Cas was somehow involved in Boko Haram activities — scouting for schoolgirls while running the vaccination clinics — Youssef wouldn’t want any extra scrutiny of his associate. Three: the men who beat Cas up in Faya-Largeau had yelled something about girls as they ran off. Cas wasn’t poaching anyone’s girlfriend or sister, Dean realizes, the attack was on someone suspected of helping to kidnap girls. Young girls. Four: Cas had recognized that it was Boko Haram after them in the labyrinth. Although Dean can’t figure out how the fact that they had been shooting at Cas fits in. A falling out with Mashaya? But what he does know is enough. He feels sick to his stomach.
