Depending on how Sam’s day has gone when he catches Dean at it, his brother will either rag him for his new bird fetish or he’ll sit down and watch with him, making annoying know-it-all comments that always, always boil down to Dean feeling like Sam knows exactly why he’s so interested in bird wings all of a sudden and is just waiting for the perfect time to be completely mortifying in front of Cas or Donna, or maybe Claire.
His brother waits on the other side, brow bent in consternation. “You alright? The entire bunker just…”
What it wants, apparently, is to fulfill Sam’s one true wish of making his brother and a mostly-fallen angel bitch each other into submission.
He wouldn’t have answered. In some hallway or some hotel room, in the twilight of a gas station lot, he would have turned his eyes away. Cleared his throat. Found his way around it back to more comfortable terrain, throat stuffed full and heart slamming into his ribcage, silently and desperately signaling for the awkwardness to be abandoned in the gloom of a conversation that was just too… too incisive to have more than once. He would have pushed and prodded, puttied things back into their normal shape as best he could. He would have gone on, with a silent Cas following behind, and in the back of his mind, as he lay in the dark waiting for sleep to swing down from whatever ceiling was above him,
“Cas,” he tries. Cas moves even closer, his legs folding between Dean’s now, his hands weaving gently up into Dean’s hair and rubbing there just behind his temples.
“I thought—I don’t know what I thought.” It’s not as hard to speak these things aloud as he expected. He knows it has to do with being in his first home, with his oldest and best friend. “Magic fix-it. Something. Things were looking up.”
oh fuck, through his wings. Wing after wing after wing. Cas presents them to him, each crowded upon the one before as though they are anxious for Dean’s touch, each brush sending a cloudburst of sound raining around him. It vibrates Dean to his core, shivery and spent and broken and aroused all at once. Dean clutches all the feathers he can’t see, desperate to feel more, and he does, he does, every grasp shoots straight through him, and then suddenly Cas pulls free of his one hand and is right in his face.
Not so abstract now. So Dean walks back to the railing, climbs through, and dives off, head first onto the rocks and freezing water.
The field falls silent. Only the watery swish of the lake intrudes. Castiel squints into the sunlight where it reflects off the surface. After a long moment, he looks back at his companion.
had lost his faith. But Dean already knows. He knows. Castiel, remade Angel of the Lord, cries into Dean’s shoulder in a torrent of hurt, of relief.
Dean gasps for air once, again, then scrabbles at his throat. Cas’s fingers brush his temple, but Dean shakes his head. He grabs Cas’s hand, holding it where it hovers. Squeezes it. He can feel his own hand trembling.
“So, what now? This is obviously a wash. You kill me? Move on to my brother? Those kids?” Are there even kids? Probably not. Dean is apparently so busted inside that he creates a kidnapping on his journey to the Good Place. “We just stand around jawing about the good ol’ days?” Fuck, what he wouldn’t give for a grace-to-the-face archangel to punch. Good ol’ days indeed.
Coming here changes everything, but especially, it amplifies the relentless fist around his memories. The missing parts are so obvious, becoming one with the emptiness around him. Though he can’t see it, he feels the strain of this thing tethered between himself and the Entity. The pull is too tight, the burn of stretched thought too strong. It will break, inevitably, and until it does, both Castiel and the Entity will feel it.
“Gross, there is crow shit on everything out here, don’t you guys have a garage or something?” yells a voice from outside the still-open front door.
Sam smiles at him. Again with the sappy, knowing eyes. “Yeah, but you touched it first, Dean. I think it just wanted to fix one thing.”
“What are you talking about?” Definitely leaning toward pissed now. “It’s very good for me. Or had you not noticed all the times I nearly light you and your room up? Which I do not mean to do, I don’t ever want to make you uncomfortable and I know I have, specifically with my wings. And I’m sorry that I get so close to—that I—”
“Dean,” Sam calls from down the hall, and jeez, how is he hearing this? Is this like tin-can-and-string phones, their voices just vibrating on up the line?
It’s only a matter of time before Sam comes banging down the door, demanding to know what’s going on; he’s frankly shocked it hasn’t happened yet.
“It doesn’t mean any harm,” Sam says, mulish. His fingers slide over the tabletop, and Cas just as casually slides the comb away from him using his sleeve-covered palm. He pockets it, then turns and glares at
“That’s good to know,” he croaks at last. They stare at each other. Unexpectedly, Cas’s cheeks pink up, and he burrows back down into Dean’s chest, chin digging into his sternum. Dean is growing rather attached to the way their naked bodies feel together.
They’ve managed to sit, an awkward two-stool arrangement that Dean kicked together while Cas kept them both standing upright as best he could, and hair or not, Dean is getting a little hungry. He wonders if Cas is, too, if he gets hungry now that most of his grace is gone. Logic would dictate he must. Maybe if Dean saw his best friend more often, he would know these things. Maybe he’d know if Cas sleeps when he gets tired, or craves coffee in the mornings.
Cas watches him for a long moment, then bends to kiss Dean’s chest over his sternum. He stays there until Dean inhales, rises into it. Cas shuffles up, easing further between Dean’s legs and fitting them together.
Cellophane Sam watches him like a blank doll. Monstrously mundane. Predator versus prey plus straight up opportunity, old as the hills.
Dean stares at Sam, then rather awkwardly at Cas. Yes, it’s been…a little while since they had a civil conversation. But you know what, if Cas didn’t keep swishing up and out of the bunker at the drop of a hat, maybe Dean wouldn’t be so irritated when he comes huffing his way back in, like having Dean call him for help with Cousin Itt over here is the most inconvenient shit that ever happened on the face of this earth. Like Dean’s the one who told him to go again—and seriously, that was one time,
His heart—his—maybe his heart’s—with the life he’s lived, maybe—All he can do is gasp and gasp, try to get air that just isn’t there. The water is still running.
“Yay,” Dean says, feeling suddenly sour and sad, and very, very small on top of such a magnificent entity as Castiel.
Not that either of them could make any kind of snack, wound up like the stupidest potato sack race ever. “Could you move your—What the hell is that?”
Sam hasn’t grinned this wide in… Dean can’t remember. He watches his brother step back, walk in an aimless circle, and run both hands through his hair. Huff out a hard breath, then fall into disbelieving laughter. He looks up again, to Dean, then to Cas, to Dean again—and stops.
Cas snorts—honest to god—and tries to cover Dean’s mouth with his hand. Dean valiantly fends him off, crying out to the ceiling, “Andwhadidth’wallsayback?”
Eventually the ringing fades out. Eventually the void clears, and he can see again. He straightens into blessed quiet, alone in the field outside Dean’s house. It’s dark, full night. Crickets sing in the long grass. He doesn’t remember coming here, but Dean’s voice is loud and clear now, mere yards away on the other side of a solid wooden wall where lamplight shines through the window.
He wakes, panting and sticky with sweat, hands clutching for a body that’s not there. He is a trembling mess, hot and sick and whole all at once. The smell of Cas is in his room, ghosting his nostrils. He squeezes his eyes shut. He feels the phantom touch of wings again and he arches up off the bed, and he can’t breathe.
you make me feel as I do when we are joined is because I recognize you and welcome you, because what I want most, what I will always want most in all this universe, is to have you as close to me as it is possible to be. But even more so because you welcome
Dean steps away from him. Backs away, as though he can’t stand to be in Castiel’s space any longer. His hands rise and fall once. He is crying without shame now, his face wet with it.
Except after Kushiel bit it, there hasn’t been much noise on that front. Cas obviously gave them something to think about in that forest.
They lie in the field, for minutes or days, the scent of grass in Castiel’s nose and the lap of waves on the shore. Dean’s head rests warm on Castiel’s shoulder, his arm settled across Castiel’s chest, and the sky overhead is eggshell blue.
Dean hauls in a breath, grieving the loss of that light. His body is alive in ways he’s never felt. His skin almost hurts. His heart races, thump-thump-thump in his ears. There was a time, once, when he never could have imagined this. Never looked it in the face and thought it would one day happen. Angels are not for human lust. Angels are beyond, apart, above that.
It would be a whole bunch of blushing, stammering, unfinished dumbassery, but he thinks Anna would have been able to suss it out. He feels, despite the embarrassment, like he wouldn’t really have a problem asking Anna, maybe because at her vulnerable point she asked him to do something kind of bizarre (for her kind) and did it without knowing if he’d just laugh in her face or whatever.
Sam sighs through the painter’s mask over his nose and mouth. “So, these were in the west, west, west room.”
“I just,” Dean bursts out over him, then clams up, then forces it through gritted teeth anyway, because his jaw hurts, and he really would not like to be like this all the time, thanks. He stares hard at the floor because it’s all just too damn stupid-sounding when it comes out of his mouth, like whining or nonsense. “I don’t have wings, so I can’t—do what you do.”
“I want you back, man.” That’s a truth that drags tears back up his throat. He drinks too much now and he sleeps too little, and he wants to weep like a baby, and still, no one is listening.
The hotel room is dark, past midnight, and Cas’s blue eyes shine like electrodes. It’s otherworldly.
It’s been a long time since Cas was at full power. Since his wings, dark as pitch, reached corner to corner and floor to ceiling in lush, razored plumes. The walls flicker and spark, outlining each brick in a sizzle of blue. The air heats minutely. Dean clears his throat and adjusts his seat.
Dean’s expression is wry. “We didn’t do it alone.” When Castiel frowns, Dean sighs, fiddling with the fishing pole where it lies next to him. “I wouldn’t even have been there
“No, say it, Cas. I’m hiding. That’s it, isn’t it? Dean Winchester, hiding away from the damn world—”
huge and hollow, delicate and sharp, and the thrum in Dean’s belly bursts wide and hot, filling his chest, his arms, his legs down to his toes. It’s like breathing the purest air, drinking the cleanest water, tasting the sweetest morsel, and then the kiss ends, it
assignment. Now I’m letting you reap the benefits. For your luscious locks,” Dean finishes, leaning forward to tweak one of said locks. Sam jerks away with a grumble.
And what Cas—He shakes his head, makes himself continue the thought instead of backing away from it as he always does. What Cas said to him. The way he said it. It involves more… earthly aspects, for lack of a less idiotic word. Aspects, desires, that Dean has never been able to assign to angels. But maybe he’s wrong about that, too.
Cas shrugs out of his jacket, bent half over Dean with his eyelids dipped close and smoky, his mouth hovering over Dean’s as though he finds it physically impossible to be more than an inch away. Dean chases him, tiny pecks he can’t stop taking, brushes and bumps, the damp hint of tongue.
God, this… At every touch, every press of Cas’s lips, the belt Dean has had strapped around his chest loosens. Cas’s coat drops somewhere out of mind, and Cas slips button after shirt button free one-handed, the other trailing down Dean’s side from shoulder to hip in a rapt, syrupy stroke. The attention is so painfully plain that Dean shivers. But the room is heating, he’s not imagining the stir of air, as though something is coiling to launch itself skyward. He’s sure to be dragged with it, a scrap born up in the oncoming blast. And still Cas kisses him, over and over and over. Halfway through, Cas’s fingers fall away from his shirt like he’s forgotten about it, and he takes Dean’s face in both hands. Dean clutches him as Cas lavishes his mouth with tongue and teeth. He feels himself melting into the bed, muscles slipping loose one after another with every drawn-out kiss.
“I know.” It stings to have it stated out loud, Cas’s conscious decision to tuck that part of himself away from Dean. He decides then and there that he definitely does not like it, who cares about his total inability to reciprocate, he knows he’s not pulling his weight here. He’s aware. “I just… I don’t know if I can.”
He remembers blood on his sword, blood on his hands. Facsimile blood, then real blood. And then—then—
Dean breathes across the surface of the bed at the bottle, eyes wide and guts curdling, and, yeah, gross, no, okay, so they are a different species and they probably have different rules and maybe the whole brother-sister thing doesn’t mean the same as down here, but no. Nuh-uh, not today. Today is a frickin’ Sunday, he’s not wasting his Sunday on this—unless he’s been passed out all weekend, and good god, maybe he has, what exactly did he drink anyway? He staggers to his feet, makes it around the bed and holds the bottle up to the light to squint at the sides, the cap, the neck, and finally the bottom, and there, right there:
His tone must not be as blameless as he’d aimed for, because the hair gives a little jerk, shaking him. Dean grimaces at the phantom pull to his ribs, and Cas frowns at the hair.
s—all Dean can think is that this whole thing is so brutally one-sided that it makes his head hurt, and he feels like an idiot for getting so emotional over something they’ve done a thousand and five times, something Cas keeps coming back to do, and that’s the kicker right there, right? Cas keeps coming back.
When he prods at the memories, they come away damp and sticky, clinging to the places where they have come to rest and refusing to hold their shape. They are thready, wistful, and most of all, bleak. He doesn’t like looking at them, doesn’t enjoy the feelings they conjure. Alone, on an Earth devoid of his kind. Not quite of Heaven and not quite of the Winchesters. Part of, bound to, but also aloof.
Cas. At least Cas is still clothed. Not that it matters, being forced face to face like this. All of Dean’s expressive actions are tied up in his hands, which are tied
He tries, lying in his bed with Cas draped bonelessly over him, his head under Dean’s chin, but he can no longer grasp the immediacy of the pain that had defined him for weeks. He can see the void and remember its edges. But the whole of it is dim. Something from a long time ago.
He’s been alone since Castiel last left. Hasn’t gone to his brother or his parents, any of his friends. Hasn’t asked them to come to him. Only Dean’s soul has touched this place. Castiel’s whole being clenches, part injury and part shame, but he’s too far away to feel anything that Dean is radiating and too afraid to reach until he can sense it.
“Nothing,” Castiel sneers into its face. The longer he looks at it, the less it reminds him of Dean and the more it yanks at all the things missing from his mind. The sensation is torture. “You aren’t able to hold onto it.”
Cas didn’t say a word. His hands fumbled over Dean’s chest and down his ribs, and all the little aches of being kicked around were nothing to the white hot fire slowly being smothered by numbness, and the ice crawling up Dean’s legs into his gut.
Though after Cas’s... After what happened to Cas, he’s not sure he would have known the words to make Jack really understand.
After some undesignated amount of time, he manages to roll over, and he spots a blurry golden thing that resolves into an old-ass bottle of the most beautiful whiskey he’s ever seen, and oh, yeah. He smiles, reaches out to pet the bottle.
He turns in his spot on the bridge, and suddenly Sam is like a cellophane film through which he can see the light streaming, and the taste of cheap beer on his tongue is much, much older a memory than it should be.
“Dean.” Mary Winchester’s smile drops when she sees his face. She gestures him in, but Dean backs up instead, and she comes out, leads him back to the steps where they both sit down, their jean clad knees bumping.
“It’s about that to me.” Dean’s voice cracks. Cas looks at him, and Dean swallows. “My best friend is out there, risking his life. And he doesn’t want me with him.”
Dean raises an eyebrow, gesturing at cracked beams, scattered belongings, a desk three feet from where it began the night. “Expected
But he watches those birds dance and posture, batter and stroke and entice each other. Beguile each other. Cradle each other. Enfold each other.
“You saved us all,” he says, and Dean looks up again. “You and your brother stood against our father and won.”
Dean tosses the comb and catches it, a slow grin drawing across his face. Yeah. Yeah, that’s the perfect thing to do with this. “Well, boys?” he addresses a roomful of long-gone Men of Letters. “Waste not, want not.”
“Dean?” Cas has frozen utterly; even the ever-billowing black has gone still. There’s no way Cas could mistake the sound he made for anything but a sob.
“Uh, leave me out of this,” Claire calls, but immediately lifts her hands in surrender at the look Cas shoots her way.
Castiel’s feet crunch and clack over small stones. It’s only a matter of time before Dean lifts his head. He’s in jeans, rolled untidily to his knees and slipping back down his calves, the denim at the bottom soaked with water. His shirt is thick flannel in red and black. He holds himself tightly, the line of his shoulders bound in invisible wire. “You’re back.”
He’s just Dean Winchester. Small. Frail. A pinprick in a vast sky full of stars. The idea that Castiel, Angel of the Lord, wants him, could see him in this very human light, would pull himself endlessly inward into a shape that fits Dean’s limited capacity for sensation just…just to
Jack leaves, because Jack has bigger things to think about than a morose old hunter trying so hard not to be a drunk anymore.
And that’s how he ends up running a tongue along the quivering length of one of Cas’s longest feathers, while Cas slowly—agonizingly slowly—opens him up with some heretofore unknown part of another wing. And Dean… Dean’s… Dean has to be sure. “Is that your, your—”
“Guess I haven’t slowed down enough,” he says to the asphalt winding away before them. He ticks his fingers on the wheel. “Till now.”
like dusty books, long tiled hallways, bedrooms with oaken doors, late nights awake over tomes, a thousand miles rumbling under the Impala’s wheels, a thousand indrawn breaths—and Dean knows just as surely as if he’d looked into the future that he will get there. That he’ll go—he’s going—gladly.
Dean takes a couple deep breaths, and realizes: For the first time in a long time, the ache under his ribs is gone.
“Cas,” he hisses between clenched teeth, gripping the arm under his hand. “Cas, I… I’m.” He doesn’t know what he’s saying. Doesn’t care. He is exquisitely on fire.
By the time he’s done, it’s definitely about Cas again. And he’s crying hard, his arms now full of distressed dog, half amazed at himself and half disgusted at his complete misunderstanding of this very simple truth:
Castiel hums. “There was a lot to do.” The words strike an echo of those spoken before in a field by a lake, and of crinkled, smiling green eyes. He frowns and pushes it away. “I wanted to help.”
“I figured.” Dean shoves his hands in his pockets, looking up and around at the house, the grassy field in which it sits and the lake beside it where the water laps gently. Then back to Castiel, where his eyes keep coming to rest. “I didn’t want to interrupt. I’m really glad you’re here, though.”
and shit, that’s about the time Dean trigger-associated utter bliss with the rumble in Castiel’s throat and the drag of feathers over his lips, and that ain’t ever going away. Ironclad.
The way the cranes flap and dance around each other, wings extending like blades and curling protectively close.
For a moment, Dean’s terror was absolute, because Castiel was exploding, just like Kushiel. But this light was dimmer, as Cas’s light always was these days, a warm and golden pulse instead of a supernova’s rage, and then that incredible light was gone, and there was just Dean coughing breath back into the air as Cas keeled down over him, his entire body shaking.
Miracle whines, pressed now against Dean’s hip. Cas rises and shuffles around on his knees in front of him. He cradles Dean’s face. The sorrow in his eyes shows Dean he already knows. Already saw.
Dean clenches so hard he would have broken the fingers of a mortal man. He jerks his head back, can’t breathe, can’t speak, can’t rightly see. Cas sucks at the bare arch of his throat as though he’d like to bite it, and Dean clasps Cas’s head to him, desperate to hold all of him, buries his lips in the damp crown of Cas’s hair.
It’s a conversation begun in the middle, with a past that Castiel did not overhear. Joy behind it for both of them, and wonder, now fading.
he could have said, on that bridge in the confines of his own mind where that love is all tangled up in befuddlement and distress and all kinds of red tape.
The following morning, Dean ends up in the kitchen amid the remains of lunch, scrubbing the crud off one of the saucepans, whistling, and it occurs to him that he’s the happiest he’s ever been.
Dean shakes his head. “So you go up against full-powered angels. On your own, when you’re like this.”
“I know,” Dean growls before his brother can gain momentum. His coffee is suddenly unappealing. “Okay? I get it.”
“Uh.” Dean’s walking funny. He’s a little turned on. But Cas’s fingers between his brought up thoughts of his own fingers threading through pinions, and Cas’s grip around his hand had conjured Dean’s own fist in piles of iridescent down.
(Again, repression’s not his thing. He’s come to terms with his failings. He’s apologized to Baby profusely, but it’s Cas. She understands.)
The flashing emergency lights force him to see. Cas’s body is a wreck, gouged and strafed, afire in tiny embers that burrow and sizzle out in puffs of smoke. Dean grabs his shoulders, strokes down his arms to hands that lie limp on the bed. He holds Cas’s face, but Cas’s face is slack and gray, his eyes half-lidded. Fixed. Dean reaches desperately for his wings, to touch, to spark life, but the feathers, rigid and iridescent and fucking
Cas makes a faint sound, and Dean gets a grip on his coat and pulls until Cas slides off his stool and onto Dean’s, straddling Dean’s lap. The new angle turns everything hot and thick, Dean’s head tilted back and Cas’s weight settling slowly onto his thighs, Cas’s hand a warm clutch down his bare side. Cas kisses like he means to never let Dean go, and Dean, Dean is just fine with that. He stiffens his spine and cranes a little, thrusts his chin up until Cas makes another winded sound, until Cas’s mouth opens, and then, oh,
“I know,” he whispers. He cannot stop kissing Cas. “I know—” and he doesn’t know where his lube is, hasn’t felt the urge in so long, he doesn’t, god, doesn’t know if he even needs it, is that something that—with an
Like he can’t describe. And it’s motion and friction and half-finished words too, like it always is, but this is more. More, and more, whole swathes of his own body he had no idea he had, and inside, under his flesh and deep down in the muscle and sinew, sometimes he feels like he might burn alive. He feels Cas against him. Over him. In him. And he feels like he can see Cas’s wings glittering in the dark, lifting rhythmically off the bed, like he can reach out and finger the feathers. He reaches, and they are soft in places, coarse in others, and Cas stutters against his chin whenever he touches them, stiff and sharp and silky over Dean’s belly and throat and face, his lips, and he shudders, clenches, rides and rides it until he has no idea if he’s even on a bed anymore, but he knows he’s safe, and that Cas has not once left him. Cas will never leave him.
“Yes,” Cas exhales into his mouth, and images of incorporeal metawing magic and what he is so carefully, so pointedly, so
Cas is warm against Dean’s side, ribs expanding with every breath. Somewhere in the compound beyond, someone laughs, up late with their own fire, their own stories. Dean thinks of Lucifer, of Sammy’s skin, of brothers, sisters, siblings of another kind woven together out here by death and fear and love and trust and free will, smelling of campfire, body odor, rusty water, pine sap, and he’s not looking at the stars at all, but at Cas’s face: a cheek grained with stubble, so close Dean could just raise his own chin and they would touch.
For a moment, Dean’s stubbornness knows only the road to victory. Then he lets himself deflate in the hair’s grip. “I know. I just.”
The instant he feels he can’t take another second without combusting all over the bed, Cas withdraws. The sense of loss reminds Dean of the hole Cas made when he died. It’s so unwelcome that he clamps a leg around Cas’s thigh and hauls him back in.
“I—” He swallows, that’s why he doesn’t answer, but Cas must take it for something else, because suddenly Dean’s mind and body are a fresh torrent of sensation, sounds, his own sounds, the things he whispers to Cas in the middle of coming, the soothing hums he makes against the skin just under Cas’s ear, the taste of the arc of skin where Dean’s own throat meets his shoulder, the way his hips look when they shudder-roll up into Cas’s grip, the press and drag of his own fingers down Cas’s body, the scratch of nails, and then,
Would Cas have even wanted that, though? It’s damned difficult to bring an angel down to human levels of physicality, even in the safety of his head. They don’t… feel. Or they didn’t, until Cas. Cas feels. God, he… It’s hard for Dean to wrap his head around: true happiness, as a secret, as a bargaining chip. As a religion. There is no question that at least one angel
“You want coffee?” Dean blurts, and runs a hand through his hair. Cas’s eyes follow silently, a brief rove down Dean’s arm and up again, to his hair and back down to meet his eyes.
interpretation. His whole body has turned into an erogenous zone, and half of what he’s feeling he’s pretty sure he never had nerves to feel, yet there it is, pitching and swelling, striking his veins like piano wires, teeming just under his skin. Cas moves like water, crowding Dean down to the bed. Everywhere he touches trail rivulets of fire and his hands never stop moving, sliding over Dean’s body, clenching at his waist, thumbing his lower lip, cupping his elbow, palming his flank, pulling them together, and then Cas utters three more far-too-simple words in a cracked voice:
“No.” Castiel shakes his head. He circles the Entity, and it turns to watch him. “You hid it, and you shoved me free. You have no power to take memories, only to awaken them or to push them under. That’s the only way you have kept it down as long as you have, because you thrust me out.”
It’s nearly midnight. Sam’s in bed, Dean’s in bed (not the same bed as Sam), Cas is in bed (not the same bed as Sam either but definitely the same bed as Dean). The lamp’s on, the episode they’re watching is winding down, and Cas is playing with Dean’s fingers.
Castiel is unsure what he is meant to say. In the quiet, Dean swallows. “Brotherhood. Family. It sounds so empty when you know there’s more. But it was still all true, Cas. You are family. You’re
Castiel wants to blame the Entity. But every time he imagined himself saying such a thing, it felt like an excuse, a shunting aside of the real fault: that
He wakes, to soft bedding, to brick walls and a vinyl collection in the corner, a dark oak door, and it breaks him.
Cas laughs, a muffled, slightly crazed sound against Dean’s throat that grows as he lifts his head. He blinks like a drowsy cat, then meets Dean’s gaze.
And when Lucifer played them both that last time, cut Dean with Cas’s voice and barged his way back into Sam’s home—
Dean has time for a single inhale, and then suddenly he’s wrapped in coils of thick, sumptuous hair, wound around him from shoulder to knees, pinning his arms to his sides, lifting him off the floor and shoving him full-frontal against Cas. Who is also wrapped in hair.
The comb lies on the table between their breakfast dishes. No one is touching it. To Dean, it still looks like plastic. He has no idea what the others are seeing.
had the chance to explain clinical depression to Jack, how it always lurked, waiting for the defenses to come down, then sopping up over the sides of the worn-out container he keeps packing it into.
Dean laughs and rakes a hand through his hair. “Tried not to bother you.” The loose hem of his shirt ripples in the breeze. His cheeks redden; he clears his throat and looks up again. “But I didn’t want to say what I had to say like that. You deserve better. So. I’m glad you came.”
Dean, standing tall at the lake’s edge, looks somehow even smaller than he had that day. The inherent motion in him is disturbingly still. Poised on the rim, waiting. Castiel did that, with his callous words, his unthinking actions. His saints-damned unwillingness to see what was right in front of him.
“You…” Dean presses his lips shut and frowns down at his hands, still locked around the steering wheel. It’s not like he hasn’t noticed, but damn it, every time. Every time Lucifer came back, every time he was allowed to sneer in Sammy’s face, Sam fought the war. Drowned in that ocean. Just let go of the edges of that pit and tumbled back down into the dark. Until he couldn’t fall anymore, so he grabbed hold again and, as much as he didn’t want to, as much as he just wanted to rest this time, he started climbing.
“I do remember,” he says at last. Perhaps Dean’s soul was damaged on its final journey. It has taken more beatings than any human soul should. He recalls empathy, and draws on it. He does not want to harm his friend. “But not the way you do.”
He likes to watch raptor documentaries in his alone time. Alone time meaning time not spent with Cas, because time spent with Cas is filled with aimless drives and building the better burger and, ahem, other stuff. The best day Dean can remember in recent weeks was spent randomly sliding the curl of his pinky finger around the curl of Cas’s, spontaneous brushes of the pad of his thumb down the heel of Cas’s hand: across the bench seat in Baby, handing him his soda in front of the gyro truck, ducking under the grocery store’s awning at dusk because he’d realized on the way home that they were out of orange juice. Just pinging lightly against Cas, hip and side and shoulder as they walked, never quite on purpose but also never quite not on purpose, simply drawn in again and again until Cas’s smile was soft edged and constant, and the night was tucking in around them like it was the one gathering them close.
but promising to text once she gets back to Sioux Falls. Sam waves from the garage door, hair trailing behind him.
On a Thursday, he finds Castiel outside, eyes far away as he watches the sun set in primrose pinks and lilacs behind a copse of trees. Cas looks old and also ageless, squinting into the sunlight that—that he’s also probably actually stared into, real unfiltered radiation blazing out of a star ninety million miles away—and Dean doesn’t remember when he started smiling, just that it’s there, small and wistful, when Cas turns to face him at last.
Dean rubs his eyes, then struggles upright and gets the lamp on. And it’s definitely Sam sitting there on the edge of his bed in that ratty old t-shirt and lightning bolt boxers, but—
Sam tilts his head, just a touch. His gaze trails from Dean’s brutally wrung hair to his overwarm face, his throat, lower,
What he does do is vanish out of the bunker on foot and drive off alone with a trunk packed full of angel blades and holy oil, to find out which divine dickhead has been putting hits out on the Winchesters.
Dean goes out; he saves people and he hunts things. He makes coffee. He reorganizes one of the library alcoves and vacuums the big TV room where everyone used to meet and walks Miracle along the creek at twilight, back where the fence has been taken to ground by ivy. He gets groceries and ribs Sam over dinner and stares into space and tries his best not to drink and lies in bed with a dog dreaming on his chest and thinks of Cas, and prays he’s not forgetting his face.
“You don’t need to.” In the Empty, he was cold to his center, and now Dean’s heat fills him up. Castiel grips Dean’s wrist and shuts his eyes, revels in the flutter of his pulse. He knows now what it took from Dean to speak the words the first time, what it always takes from Dean to speak his deepest truths. “I remember.”
Dean gets really turned on by a dick up his ass. Dean does not get turned on by a doctor’s fingers checking for problems no one wants to think about. So maybe in battle, it’s like sitting on a cold-ass table kicking your bare feet and waiting for the doc to come back into the room; maybe the wings just don’t hardwire straight to that fuck-me-sideways place Cas tumbles into when Dean pushes him up against the closed door of their room, one hand tangled in his tie, the fingers of the other buried in endless layers of invisible feathers, Cas’s legs squeezing his hips as he strains toward him, Cas’s hand an unforgiving wall against the small of Dean’s back, trying to kiss each other when it’s all either of them can do to breathe.
The forest beckons in the breeze, and the light is yellow and cool. It’s tempting to turn around, lean back on Baby’s hood, and look his fill.
“You think I don’t know?” He swings out an arm, just for an excuse to not look his brother in the eye. “I know better than anyone how things are going! I can’t really help that I—” That he what? That he’s some kind of angel upper? Or a specific angel’s upper. See, these are the kinds of existential questions that carom through your brain when you’re engaging in intimate relations with a multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent who has bound himself into the body of a mortal despite being the size of the Chrysler building, a combination that is just
(Cas in battle is plenty toasty without his wings anyway; Dean’s seen the guy launch an angel blade end over end across a room, straight into a monster’s chest—hell, he taught Dean how to do it—and then Dean had to take a second to look at a bunch of grotty wall tile and catch his breath a little. So even
“I’m saying,” Cas says, low and hot and a bare breath from Dean’s mouth; the air ripples as invisible pinions unfurl, as the room fills with the unseen, as bones stretch and feathers slip all the way from Dean’s nape to the backs of his thighs, as Castiel shudders in a single, sinuous roll against him, “that my wings don’t,
Not responding does not sit right. But Castiel cannot currently see a way to answer this prayer without causing more harm.
could keep them at bay.” Cas contemplates the tabletop again, then shrugs and leans back. “Not that it matters. They seem to have given up.”
Castiel searches his face and doesn’t know what he’s looking for until he suddenly finds it. It’s so obvious. He eases out of Dean’s grasp.
He...had. Hadn’t he? Castiel squints. A bunker. Pounding. Failure imminent. The whole thing feels like looking through a dirtied glass pane at something that happened to someone else.
“No,” Dean manages. “No, I wouldn’t.” He doesn’t think he physically could. Lift a brush. Paint those sigils. He would shake like a hex bag had him, until the brush fell from his hand.
“No.” Balthazar steps out of his hold, his expression gone firm, distrustful. “No, you would not regret that. Even then, I could see it, despite all your little side projects. And now—” His eyes narrow. “What’s happened to you?”
“What kind of touch?” She’s speaking to him like he’s an especially dense child now. Dean kind of hates her.
“I do remember you, Dean,” Castiel says after a long moment. He’s beyond analyzing this need to explain; he just knows that he does need to, something about this man drives him toward it. He has the strangest sense of having been here before, and of Dean refusing to listen. And—of course he’s been there before, he has clear memories of it.
But that’s just a theory, one that he could really use some feedback on, from someone who knows way more about angelic appendages than he does.
After, Dean lies there in Cas’s arms listening to him breathe, and he realizes Cas is holding him a little less tightly than usual, and his own heart jumps up a pace.
Bobby had said. Dean hurts all over again, the way he has for weeks, ever since the last time Cas helped.
And maybe he still doesn’t know what to do with thoughts and sex yet, exactly, the enormity, the heaving shift and reassembling in his guts, but Cas smells like canvas, ozone, darkness, and he sounds like grumpy fluorescents over kitchen sinks, and he
“My knee, Dean.” Cas’s voice has dropped down to near-distracting levels of growliness. At least it would be distracting if Dean couldn’t taste the irritation radiating off of Cas into his chest.
“He said he could see you going, in little pieces, right in front of him. That you were dying, Dean.”
“For fuck’s sake,” Dean grunts, turning away to grab his coffee, then turns again mid-sip and lunges for the comb. Just as quickly, Cas snaps it out of reach, a hand planted in the center of Dean’s chest, nearly upending his mug. It’s the most Cas has touched him since that day in the forest that no one likes to talk about, and Dean’s blood boils over. “Cas!”
He couldn’t have done anything else. He knows it. He thinks Cas might have known it, might have counted on it, if Cas had been counting on anything. Somehow, though, that rings false. Something in Cas’s smile that day, something that said,
Moments ago, Cas stood there. Ten feet from his own feet. Dean’s jacket lies heavily, especially across his left shoulder, an anvil he has no idea how to take hold of and move to a better, stronger place on his body that can bear the weight, like his back or his arms. He wipes his face. Wipes it again. He can’t remember ever crying like this, such an ugly, painful swell of tears and raw throat.
It only lasts for a moment, though; following in its wake is a diffuse and nauseating tug. It’s as though all the holes in Castiel’s memories pull back and snap to at once. He sways in the shock of it. Bones he doesn’t have grind together.
“When I saw you,” Dean says suddenly. “First day you came here. Man, all that time, all those talks with my mom and Charlie and with, with Sam, and I thought I knew. But then you showed up. I
“I didn’t want you to do that,” Dean whispers. “Give yourself up for me. And I know, I know you didn’t just—that you still have your grace, I get it, but. That might have been your last chance, man.” To be in Heaven. To be home. “And I took it from you.”
Castiel goes to his knees before him, damp earth soaking into trouser legs, the tumble of his trench coat on the grass. He cradles Dean’s face and swipes his thumbs carefully over wet cheeks. Dean chokes out a sound, leans in, and they are kissing, on their knees in the field, Dean’s hands in his hair again and around his waist, clenching him closer until the heat of Dean’s soul winds its way around him. Dean tastes of shelter, and home, and of the sea.
Sometimes—okay, stupid booze aside. Sometimes it’s Indra’s face. Sometimes Inias. Sometimes Hannah, and that one comes with a burst of a different pain, the kind of pain that drags up the past, with Cas having had and lost, and then maybe having settled for what was left.
Cas sighs. “Will you please talk to me? I’ve tried to give you time, to sort out whatever you’re dealing with. But I’m worried about you.”
For the first time ever, the Entity really looks at him. No longer angry, and no longer laughing. A shadow lurks in its borrowed face.
The sun rises, and Dean sits, not seeing the lake. Midway through the second day, he pushes to his feet without warning, walks to the garage, and gets into the car. He drives, sleek black along the road, until he comes to a sprawling house abutting a wall of trees, with wild roses in great bunches along one side. He gets out, walks up the porch steps, and knocks.
But sometimes Cas flaps his way down to see Jody and the girls, or heads upstairs to scowl at Duma and make sure Naomi hasn’t exploded the place or whatever. In preparation for those days, Dean bought a subscription to National Geographic’s streaming service. Owls, falcons, eagles, albatross, hawks, pelicans, vultures. Those are some big birds, with wingspans longer than he is tall, their wings arched in challenge and splayed as they drop to the earth, the feathers at the tips parted almost like fingers. And then there are the storks, the cranes and egrets and swans. Dean drinks his normal person beer and steadfastly denies all knowledge of certain curse boxes filled with evil booze, and messes with what’s left of his pork rinds, and imagines wings like these on Cas’s back:
“I just… Cas, me too, alright? I’ve had some time to think about it. A lot of time. Time’s weird here, I think I said—Okay, just.” He squares his shoulders. “You changed me, too. You made me think of myself differently. You make me see what I’ve never been able to see. Or been willing to see. About me. Because you saw it, and you accepted it. And I don’t—I’m not ungrateful. God, I am not ungrateful, this, Heaven, it’s more than I could ever have hoped for. But I miss you, man. I miss having you around. It hurts, in my chest.” He touches his sternum. “It’s like a part of me is just gone. I want you here, in this Heaven, with me. If that’s what you want, too.”
“Look, just break the damn comb,” Dean finally says, pushing his coffee mug aside and leaning across the table. Before his fingers can touch it, Cas yanks it away.
Dean drags Cas closer, flipping off both voices before he just has to get his arm back around Cas. Cas doesn’t even seem to care about the voices, his hand now a vise at Dean’s nape, his lower back arched to press him full against Dean’s middle, and at some point the hair draws away from their wrists, but Dean doesn’t really notice.
Dean is dumbstruck. His dumb brain is dumbstruck. He stares and he stares, and his mouth is hanging open, but if he closes it, he won’t remember how else to breathe and he really, really needs to breathe right now.
When he has calmed again, his thoughts continue to circle. He has seen Dean’s entire soul—in Hell, in Heaven, many times on earth—he has been aware of this, he has known it—but only now when he stops and makes himself think, only now does its rarity, its exceptional brilliance, strike him. Its layers and depths. Its darkened corners. Its light.
“Cas,” he finally says. He wants to touch him all over and he doesn’t know where to start. Face, his face is good. His face is beautiful, and his neck, too, his shoulders and wrists and legs, feet, fingers, yes, fingers, too, all of them, and he wants to kiss his mouth until those lauded lungs are working overtime and hell, he wants Cas’s wings, wants every single feather sliding between his fingers again before this night is out.
Jack squints at him, mouth pinched and nose ascrunch, and he looks so much like Castiel that Dean’s heart misfires. “Don’t feel bad?”
“One thing I am sure of,” Castiel says, frustrated and trying to find some way out of Dean’s pain, for both of them. “I was never disloyal to you. Not willingly.” It’s the truth, even skirting the disconcerting blind spots he keeps finding. He has done many, many things he is not proud of, things that tore apart his grace and that he should perhaps still pay for, but he knows where his fidelity lay when he was with the Winchesters. Logically, there is no reason this should cut Dean so deeply. “I did things to myself that made loyalty difficult. A lot of things. And they… taxed my resolve, my control. I was foolish. I reached too far. But the leviathan, the souls I stole—” There are a great many holes here, more than anywhere else. “They never broke my allegiance to you. Even Naomi couldn’t—”
“Not that you would end your own life.” Cas’s hand continues its hypnotic stroke “But that part of you considered it over already, and that part was thriving.”
Cas draws back, eyes wide and hand raised, and Dean realizes he’s flattened to the counter, looking back at his lover with what can only be a deer-in-the-headlights stare.
The laugh is brief; he claps Castiel on the back. Castiel thinks they have both grown far too used to human appendages. “You’re still awfully hard at work, considering.”
Coming like that is something special, and it lasts longer than it should be able to, riding the wave of Cas’s climax, digging his fingers in so hard it would hurt a human, arching so suddenly that the only thing holding him in place are Cas’s hands at his back.
He doesn’t tell Sam in advance, so when they show up, Sam shouts out loud, then gazelles up the stairs and moose-hugs them both before they’re even fully through the door.
Cas picks him up and resettles him higher on the bed, then crowds him down until he loses track of who’s body is whose. And Dean will never get over that, the effortless lift, the way it felt as though Cas’s arms weren’t actually doing the lifting, but that parts of Cas he can’t see are churning the air around them.
So that’s a problem solved. Not that Dean would really mind if the bunker came down around his ears, not when he’s in the middle of
“Don’t,” he begs, eyes blurring. He’s terrified that the thing behind him might speak, that his mind might let it. He doesn’t want the last words he hears in that voice to be anything but Cas’s own.
“I wish you could see their real colors,” Cas rasps at the corner of Dean’s mouth. “I wish you could feel what it feels like. To touch you with them.” The word
“And it’s like nothing I’ve ever felt, but you’re an angel, and I’m just… not. And there’s no way I can—” He gestures.
Sam says nothing, just pinches his mouth up like he’s desperate not to laugh. Or cry. He gives Dean another torturous onceover that Dean winces his way through, then turns mercifully to Cas.
Dean’s mind flies back to that day in the forest, to the rain pattering on the leaves. To the way Cas had
“Come find me later, alright?” Sam releases him with a shake of his shoulder, eyes Dean up one last time, then winks at Cas and heads down the hall the way he came. They hear his wheezing laugh again after he turns the corner.
Cas’s expression changes, so gently that it taps Dean’s heart sideways in his chest. Cas’s arms come around him. He backs Dean slowly into the bunker’s outer wall, leans him up against flat brick, and presses him there with the length of his body. He kisses Dean over and over, Dean’s leg hooking around Cas’s, the wall cold through his flannel shirt and the winter breeze nipping over his cheeks, his nose, his wrist where Cas’s fingers play with his leather band. He loses himself in Cas’s mouth, held firm in place while the world turns.
“Okay, what’s up?” Dean finally says, after watching Cas turn the comb this way and that, mutter under his breath, and trace his thumb in intricate patterns over the side Dean didn’t Sharpie on.
Cas, Sam, and Eileen are out painting the bustling metropolittle of Lebanon whatever color nerds paint a bustling metropolittle. Well, Eileen’s definitely painting it red. But they’re just going to end up two towns over at a poetry reading full of hand drums and intermittent snapping, and Dean refuses to fall for that. Instead he’s holed up in his room with the bottle of some amazing alcohol he unearthed in the ancient liquor cabinet down in Library Alcove #5, the one that only has books about the spore-based mating habits of fungal sprites, and Dean thinks that’s mostly because whichever Man of Letters stashed this shit there wanted to dissuade anyone else from ever finding out he had stashed this shit there.
“That’s… awesome.” It is. He’s sure that’s the word he’s looking for. And he’s glad Cas can interact with his brethren—ugh, siblings,
Dean points, innocent-faced, at Sam sitting on the floor at his feet. Claire takes one look and sporfles a laugh. Then she goes whole hog and cackles herself onto her back on the chair, until Cas has to stick out a hand to keep her from rolling off onto the floor.
The hair has stopped growing. Maybe. Dean eyes it suspiciously, nudging aside tresses to find a clear space for his boots. It has also stopped being all that fun to braid. Way too long now; Claire gave up ages ago and is now sprawled sideways in an armchair with a bowl of cereal, leafing through one of the books for a way to depower the comb. Sam is at his computer, frowning at the online database he’s been putting together since the last time a shifter weasled its way through a chink in the wards and tried to destroy the library.
because he’s drunk, thank you, but because it was the middle of the fucking night and he’s basically middle aged now and has a body that’ll take any chance to nap when he’s not paying attention.
Perhaps this needs more thought. But Dean has thought enough. It feels organic, a fate he’s been dodging, or that has been dodging him, for years. All he can do anymore with Cas is feel, every ripped sinew, every shorn thread holding his heart together. Every ache of the empty space next to him. He
And it’s different, this soft, pointed truth pouring over him anew. The first time Dean spoke these words becomes a tattered memory; this one shines out, a fiery beacon on a dark shoreline.
“Yeah, but.” Dean pokes the comb with his fork. “But in the end—I mean it gave Sam hair, but it didn’t focus on Sam. It focused on… on us.”
“No, Dean.” He cups Dean’s face in both hands and gives him the gentlest of shakes. “That is how you make me feel.”
Many centuries. Ping. What does that mean? Ping. Does that mean that maybe they two, with four wings, for centuries—
So, maybe angels do have a kind of sex. Not human-style sex, sure. The whole thing with Anna made that fairly clear, and there is no mistaking the looks Cas used to aim Dean’s way as anything other than completely bemused and disillusioned by the follies of the earth-bound creatures he had chosen to protect. Ah, good times. Dean kind of misses being able to throw porn in an angel’s face and run away.
table-saw the thing in half.” Dean reaches again, but Cas gets up and moves out of range. Dean gets up as well and follows him, shuffling through Sam’s luxurious locks. “Cas.”
words do not always work. He’s always been a man of action. He slides a hand up Cas’s nape into his hair, and he noses in, kisses Cas’s mouth.
Maybe it’s the cynic in him. The hunter, always under the surface of any quietude he ever found. Or maybe it’s just that he has always had trouble with blind faith. But after a while (a blink? A decade? A century?), Dean raises his eyebrows, looks around, and says—
to a degree that is not really fathomable. Chuck said there was a crack in Cas’s chassis, but damn it, there was
And then there they stand, in either side of the doorway to his room as the bunker goes quiet around them.
“Whoa, hey.” Dean catches him up, easy as anything. He tilts Castiel’s head back, fingers gliding over his face and searching through his hair. “Look at me. Look at me, are you hurt?”
Dean’s alight again, his dick filling when it should not be able to, and he gasps and clenches Cas’s arms, tries to get his scattered thoughts together.
He does know that. He nods, still looking down, and sniffs. Cas takes his hand, winding their fingers back together.
The days warm as they turn toward spring. More visitors: Charlie and Stevie and Bobby and Max. Dean has good days and bad days, and he stays sharp, on the lookout for those new weapons; they aren’t what he’s used to looking for.
Dean makes a choked, incredulous sort of sound, and when Castiel searches his face, he finds it as haunted as that first day when nothing Castiel said turned out right.
He feels the gentlest of tugs then, Jack’s fingers slipping around his soul and over his wings, and there is nothing missing about Jack anymore, nothing damming this flood of devotion, and it is consuming. Now he knows why looking at Jack is bittersweet, because as great as the gift of his son was, as incomparable and as precious, it had cost him Dean to get it, twice. Castiel’s love for Jack is, was, always will be so tied up in his love for Dean. Of course the Entity had to hide pieces of Jack too; it could not pick the threads fully apart. They wind together and make Castiel whole.
When the string of visits is over and the bunker has cleared out of all people unattached (by birth or by bedmate) to the name Winchester, it’s a different sort of pleasure: the pleasure of echoes, of remembering people sitting in chairs alongside him and jeering at the TV, of heading down the hall from the showers and smiling at the memory of Claire’s atrocious bedhead as he’d passed her going the opposite direction. It’s finding leftovers in the fridge from shared meals. It’s kicking back in the war room with Sam at his side and Miracle on his feet, and being able to hear that blasted old clock ticking again from the library. It’s knowing that all of it will happen again one day soon.
Sam opens his mouth, no doubt to expound upon The Trauma, then closes it and shrugs. Dean shrugs too, pours himself some more coffee, and they sit there until Cas wanders in in his tee and pajama pants, looking confused until he sees Dean, and then his face collapses into this painless smile and he shuffles up behind Dean and curls an arm over his shoulder to settle against his chest, and kisses the top of Dean’s head. Sam just kind of smiles faintly at it all, but his look is a little unfocused and Dean can tell he’s half thinking of Eileen, and then Cas goes to pour himself coffee of his own, and that’s that.
Dean throws up his hands. “Well, it wasn’t like it was in a lockbox!” His blood is thrumming now, adrenaline like a case, like a hunt gone right, like the best bourbon in the world blistering the back of his throat. He refuses to give ground. He glares at Cas across about five inches of space, and Cas glares right back.
Maybe. Maybe not. But that’s a problem for Future Dean. Present Dean wants to stay right here in this kitchen, his wrist tied firmly to Cas’s. “You just… You were gone, man. I just wanted you here.”
“Cas?” Dean says when Castiel is almost off the beach. He remains facing the lake, but his entire soul is attuned in Castiel’s direction. “Cas, don’t, I can’t help you if I can’t find you.”
Dean nods, the glee of it filling him to the top. “It don’t mean a thing if it ain’t got that wing.”
“I am not capable of the intimacies you mean.” He tries to be gentle. He has spent enough time with humans, with Dean specifically, to know how words can cut.
There is nothing that doesn’t slip through his grip, eeling away into the black. But for an instant, he touches something. It’s always the same thing, a brush against his fingers, an incredible warmth, a lift in his chest like wings unfurling—
Dean averts his eyes. “Feels like I am,” he gets out all at once. The bunker, his home, is now warded to within an inch of its life, and he feels it every moment. He is so very aware of the emptiness beyond these walls, the ease with which they could be found. He clears his throat. “Sometimes. I bitch about it, but some days, I don’t really want to go out there at all anymore.”
As evidenced above, Dean’s brain is a misbehaving son of a bitch at the best of times. He gave up controlling it around the time he got the hots for his twenty-five-year-old history teacher, his fifty-five-year-old math teacher, and his best-friend-at-the-time’s mother within the same three-day span. He’s tried repression. Not his thing. Really, it’s better if he just lets it run rampant when it wants to, otherwise he gets all fidgety and wild eyed and beer starts looking like ice water in a desert.
all the guns off the walls and the floor aglitter with broken glass and bourbon, records and ammo and papers strewn everywhere, the new fissures in the wooden doorframe, the dust sifting gently from god knows where.
It growls out of him, rabid, and yet it’s wounded and bleeding itself, curled in a corner and unable to get up. Dean. His Dean. “You hurt
but that stupid-ass door has already been opened and there ain’t no closing it now, no matter what Dean does. He’s happy the heavenly horde can interact with Cas in a healthier way than they used to, that they aren’t all trying to kill each other anymore. That they’re reconnecting.
Cas looks at him for a long, long while, that narrow-eyed steely look that reminds Dean every time of the immensity of the being before him and the awful power he wields. And then, quite suddenly, Dean is against him, yanked in by an iron arm around his waist, his hands landing splayed on Castiel’s shoulders, unable to look away from fierce blue eyes.
Cas tells him there’s nothing in existence like the thing Dean dreamed up, not that he has ever seen. Dean tells him no doubt, because it was the subconscious manifestation of the clusterfuck that his whole life has been ever since his mom died the first time, that all it wants to do is take away whatever he loves, and that he’s lucky all it had were burning red eyes, because he doesn’t want to see the rest of it, ever.
Dean is the one who did it, but that explanation will take longer than Castiel has time for. There is so much to do, so many souls for whom he must carve out space.
He remembered gripping Cas’s wrist, and Cas meeting his eyes. And then Castiel, barely there angel of Thursday, had wiped the Punishing Sword clean on his jacket and used the tip to cut his own palms. He placed both bleeding hands flat over Dean’s wound, shut his eyes, and tipped his head back toward the sky.
At some other unknown point, he has a vague recollection of the mattress dipping, of his arm being gently moved from its sprawl across the bed. Of a warm scent that makes what’s left of his melted muscles relax. Of fingers, delicate through his hair, and a lingering kiss to his temple.
“But why us? I mean, that thing looks like a dollar store reject to me. I know Cas can see the magic, but—” He raises the hand that isn’t slung around Cas’s middle. No way is he moving that arm. “You see actual craftsmanship.”
“I don’t actually think you’re hiding,” Cas mutters. He’s not staring at Dean anymore, but off to the side at a patch of floor not covered by the mane event. “You know that, right?”
“Kiss me,” Dean asks, faint, eyes darting over Cas’s brow and chin and nose, until Cas leans in and does.
But it’s the first time in ages that Cas’s wings have been completely dormant, and Cas is distant and quiet, careful with Dean in a strange, painfully tender way. The only thing that glows is a spark, once, in his eyes when Dean comes.
Cas’s fingers slide continually through his hair, lulling. “When he brought me back. I’d never seen him like that before. He said he went to visit you, that while he was here, he touched you and he saw you then.”
He would turn. He would face the one behind him, and lift his hands and touch his jaw. He would see his hair again, and the sea blue of his eyes, so unlike any Djinn’s, the dark brows lowered over them and the purse of his mouth. He would pull him in by a handful of sleeve and then—then—
Honestly, though, it isn’t really as bad as it could have been; Dean thought they’d have had more sex by now.
Dean thinks of his dream, of dying on a spike in Sam’s arms, of so much to say that would never be said, of mourning even as he went that wherever he ended up going, it was nowhere that Cas was.
“Exactly!” Dean fumbles, but, in for a penny and all that. “Look, I can’t—Come on, Cas, you and me, this—” He waves a hand sharply between them. “It can’t possibly be that good for you.”
“Wings.” He’s not sure how she makes each word sound like she’s flinging mud at his face. That’s a sucky super power to give an angel. But he needs answers and by Chuck, Anael’s the only one left who might actually give them to him.
on the back of his tongue. Shaving, brushing his teeth, then saying the words to himself in the fogged up mirror.
Sam looks too pale around the mouth, and sad, and so tired. But he’s also smiling, just a faint little thing. “I know,” he says, looking out the windshield.
feels just this side of belated. But when Dean looks up, Cas’s face is passive, faint with a smile. And—
any ammo against them either, and when a hand slides around his waist from behind, he jumps so hard he nearly upends said coffee pot.
he’s so tense. A run. What’s worse, he runs into Sam running back to the bunker, Sam, who gives him a wide-eyed stare as they pass, Dean’s gaze determinedly on the ground, and when he also gets back to the bunker, it’s to find Sam in the kitchen with his eyebrows raised higher than the Eiffel Tower’s pinnacle.
“Or me.” Claire gets to work separating out strands for a plait of her own. Dean can already tell it’s going to be more complicated that his attempts. He watches surreptitiously. And closely. “Okay, so. Mom braiding. But didn’t she, you know…”
“Going where?” Cas asks, and Dean clambers on top of him with some effort and sinks down until he can press his nose into the flutter at Cas’s throat, the flutter Cas doesn’t even need, jeez, and Cas breathes, too, fills his lungs with useless air and eats things he probably doesn’t even like, burgers and gyros and sodas, and he lies in a bed when he doesn’t need to sleep, the things he does to himself just to make Dean more comfortable—
Cas’s eyes are wide, and very, very close. And Dean… is very much not clothed from the waist up, and smells like coffee. He moves his hand, hits something warm and decidedly not his, and gurgles a little.
“I do.” There is no battling that tone, or the fierce grip of Cas’s eyes. “There is no one I trust more with my life than you. No one who I know, down to my core, would protect me the way you would.” He looks at the hair curled around their wrists, now so near each other on the table. “And there is no one whose loss, whose
“Here, dude.” He’s fidgety already, like he was before all this stupid house arrest shit started, and he just needs another
Cas finally gets him, both hands over Dean’s face, but Dean is cackling fit to burst. Sam bangs on the wall as he passes down the hallway. Dean loves it. He’s going to burst a blood vessel.
He’s a disaster. He can’t even think the words in the privacy of his own head. But that’s okay, because he can damn well remember it with perfect clarity. That… Now, that was a
Dean scrubs at his face, cursing the kid. Thanking the kid. Building a fucking palace in his mind for the kid. Little idiot, worrying about people he shouldn’t have to clean up after anymore.
He does wonder if Cas can turn the whole wings-as-erogenous-zones thing on and off, or if maybe it’s a learned response, like the way Dean goes boneless when Cas passes behind him in the kitchen way too early in the morning, and brushes fingers just above the collar of his ratty old tee. Wakes Dean right up, better than coffee. But then sometimes it’s straight back to bed at that point, because Cas is observant, mostly a smartass, and a hundred and ten percent aware of what he’s doing.
“Alright, nerds,” Claire sighs, slumping down the hall, into the library, and finally into an armchair. “What have you done now?”
Indra comes for a visit. Cas shows him around the bunker, light in his eyes and pride in his voice. Indra tries Sam’s homemade samosas and drinks Dean under the table—lots of practice in the playground, whatever that means—but Dean enjoys it thoroughly, and he knows he doesn’t stand a chance against angels, not when Cas can down an entire BevMo in one go, so who cares? Dean outdrinks Sam, and that’s the important thing.
Cas shifts a little. Such an un-Cas thing to do. “Dean,” he says after a loaded moment, “you said what you had to.”
In his dreams, he’s so scared, his body shaking and so, so close to that presence behind him, anticipation flavoring his mouth and sweat forming on his brow. One turn and he could touch, finger stiff khaki and the silk swipe of a tie, hear that long sigh through the nose, a sound he knows better than the backs of his own hands.
“Look,” Sam tries, “I don’t think it will release on my account. Not anymore. We found some stuff on concessional bindings that looks a little like this.”
Dean strangles back his first, snotty response. “Predator. People in a jungle being hunted by an alien. You wouldn’t like it.”
Dean frowns. He has no base of reference, a hundred, a thousand things Jack could have told Cas at any time.
He comes back dizzy, to find Dean fallen to his knees, hands half lifted and eyes filled with tears. For a moment Castiel fears he’s hurt him, even though he shouldn’t be able to, not here. But then Dean croaks:
Cas takes his mind off things in some delightful ways that involve the removal of all clothing, a shit ton of physical blasphemy against a very willing messenger of Heaven, and the antique headboard finally cracking up the middle because Dean’s just been yanking on it too hard lately.
It’s a comb made of mahogany with inlaid pearl, or maybe the other way around: the ratio of red and purply-white looks pretty much equal to him, all swirled and twined together, and Dean’s no artist, but he can tell that this level of craftsmanship? Is high.
But Cas is caught up for a moment: Not familiar to him. It’s familiar to Dean. This form is the one that Dean knew. “I suppose I’m used to it.”
“Order out, Sammy,” Dean gasps, already tilting back as Cas lays him out on the countertop and climbs up over him, the room shadowed in a whirl of barely there feathers, Dean’s pants already open and his shirt, ah, well, his shirt’s somewhere, he’ll find it later. Cas’s chest is bare, his shoulders straining in that way that tells Dean his wings are arched high and dominant above them, all six of them, and he wishes he could see them instead of picturing it in his head like Animal Planet, and then suddenly the images are there, Cas feeding them to him across a searing kiss: great crystalline plumes amid plumes, sharp as razors and filled with prismic light, every color Dean has ever imagined glinting and shivering like chimes in the wind, and—no, that’s not his overactive brain, the kitchen really is filled with the crisp resonation of steel bells, clinks and clanks and bongs and booms and
To be fair, Dean wouldn’t know what to do with wings if he did have them. He’d probably crash himself into the side of the Gas’n’Sip trying to grab a bag of Tostitos for nacho night. Lean, mean fighting machine, sure. But graceful, he is not.
But it hasn’t yet. His wings, which had been looking better if their shadows were any indication, are all raggedy again, and he doesn’t fly or offer to heal paper cuts and stubbed toes, or put celestial feelers out for ancient books in rummage sales for Sam, or bring cool shit back from inaccessible cave systems in the Ozarks anymore.
actually means and could Dean Winchester ever deliver? And it’s not really about Cas at that point, but more a generalized reinterpretation of sex, which he knows, and bodies, which he also knows, and love, which… Well.
And that’s a thump right to his heart, thinking of Cas trying again and again, in troubled silence, to fix what can’t be fixed. “But it’s not something—Cas, I know what to do with it. How to make it shut up, for a while at least. I live with it, and I try to keep it...sleepy.” Like the Empty, he thinks, offhand. How strange. But right: the place you go to live forever in your regrets. “And I’m not the same person as I was before you died. What you said to me… You made sure I wasn’t.”
Cas sheds his trousers, leans up long enough to help Dean squirm free of his boxers, and as he does, the darkness above them rolls again, swallowing the lamplight whole and glinting in its depths like the flashes of an oncoming storm.
Ill-fitting. There’s that term again, popping into his head. He examines it, and it chimes crystal clear in a sea of echoes.
“Breathing lets me match your breathing,” Cas says against his temple, almost tentative, like he doesn’t know how Dean will react, and as he does, the chest beneath Dean’s expands, rises against Dean’s exhale, and they fit, and it’s—
Dean thinks, watching Cas’s profile: chin, ear, jaw, brow, temple, eyelashes. A new scar, smooth and white at the corner of his eye. “Too busy to think.”
his mouth shapes noiselessly. There’s no knowledge attached, only confusion. “I thought he was…” Dean stops, purses his lips. “I talked to my mom. No one else, except you, Cas.”
“I can’t give you that kind of pleasure! Okay? I’m never going to be able to do what, what another angel might be able to do or enhance your experience or, I don’t know, put you out of your damn
There is no light, and no remembrance of light, here. He still understands the concept, but the true sense of it, the warmth of it on his face, is just an idea. He grasps onto this idea, holds it in the center of himself as far away from the nothing as it can get.
He also remembers Dean apologizing for it, frantic to find him in an endless forest as time slid away, and stopping all the same, taking the time to speak.
“Yes?” She says the word like it’s got a tail. She’s stirring a mug of tea with this little silver spoon. They’re in a damn diner, and he would ask where she got a dainty silver spoon, but he’s willing to bet money she pulled it out of her embossed red Versace purse, so.
The ease is glorious, exquisite, unendurable. He stretches free of the skin he has worn for so long, straining each wing as far into the heavens as it will go, reaching with every limb, opening every last eye upon the cosmos, rising up and up and up. He presses into air and earth alike, into water, into past, present, and future, into
Balthazar reaches for him, opening his mouth, but Castiel cannot stand the thought of being touched, not like this, not when he has suddenly fractured and can’t locate all his pieces. He leaves, again.
“Alright.” Dean can tell there’s more, but Cas doesn’t voice it, and eventually Dean slides down under the covers when his sweat makes him too cold, and gathers Cas close, and they fall asleep.
Cas rises onto his elbow to catch Dean’s eye. He’ll always catch Dean’s eye, Dean has no desire to look away.
“You haven’t.” He scrubs his hands over his face, wondering how the hell he thought he was covert at anything.
Except now he’s got his own porn, involving his own dick, and Cas’s dick, and it’s way better than Cas screwing his mouth up at a laptop screen, as though tilting his head just that little inch further will make all of the gasping and groaning and flopping around finally make sense.
How is it that, without Dean, he feels like an imposter, watching a cardboard version of himself walk his steps and speak his words, and mean none of what he is meant to feel?
“Don’t your memories feel off?” Today, it is not Dean’s grief but his anger that resonates. Castiel remembers it from when they were amongst the living, a wretched, ferocious thing with its roots dug too deeply into a hundred old wounds.
Sometimes speaking to this brother in particular is an exercise in the saintliest of patience. “Considering...”
Like drawing a breath, Castiel understands: the ache in Jack’s being is not for him, but for Jack himself. He perceives himself as having failed. Even with all he has done, all those he has saved, Jack can only see his mistakes, and those mistakes cut him. Castiel lays his hand over Jack’s where it still touches his face, and Jack’s fingers tremble.
“Yeah.” Dean drags a hand through his hair and looks back over his shoulder before sighing. “Yeah, it’s… Everything’s fine.”
Finally Castiel has a moment, so he goes, and finds him halfway between a comfortable single-story house and a rundown garage, in ripped jeans and a white t-shirt speckled with grease and oil. It’s a sunny day, but breezy, the wind teasing at the grass, and when the man sees Castiel, he stops like he’s forgotten he was walking.  He doesn’t say anything, just looks at Castiel across the space that separates them.
And Cas’s eyes finally shed their endless, ageless weight. He smiles back, watery in bright sunlight, laughs out a sigh, and Dean kisses his forehead long and hard. Dean breathes him in.
“Dean.” Just saying it is coming home. Just being here again, with him. For the first time, the eternity of the place Castiel helped build spins out before him, and he sags in Dean’s arms.
Something’s been off about you this entire time. I put it down to what was done to you by our family, the years we’ve been apart. The loss of your grace, mortality, I don’t know! I’ve brushed it off, but this… This is not right. I don’t know if His Holiness put things back together wrong—”
So, way back when, Cas looked bemused and disillusioned. But bemusement and disillusionment don’t necessarily mean unfamiliarity. In fact, it smacks of something all too familiar, so familiar it’s become a puzzle to be sorted out, a series of comparisons to be made, and shit, what if Cas’s comparisons are not between different human couplings as Dean always assumed, but rather between human coupling in general and the coupling that Cas has himself practiced?
“Cas, can you,” he stutters, sprawled across his unmade bed, one leg still in his jeans, practically tearing holes in the sheets and halfway over the edge already, “can you,
How many of his siblings had this thing also twisted up, stolen from, carved apart before Jack brought them out? He grips this anger, too, another savage spark in the void, and anchors himself around it.
“Finally.” Dean takes the comb away from his brother, slaps it down on the table, and shakes his phone at Cas. He waves him down the stairs impatiently. “Look at it! It’s like Ju-On in here.”
Sam stares at him. “Dude, you didn’t see what happened out here. I almost couldn’t get out of the records room, and then the entire staircase went up like a live wire, I thought the windows were all gonna—”
“Dean.” Cas lifts up over him like he’s keeping out the world. He takes Dean’s hand and retangles their fingers, resting their joined hands beside Dean’s ear. “You do that for me every day.”
He heals, as much as a middle-ish aged human without an Angel of the Lord can. His left arm is shot in terms of melee weaponry: can’t lift as high anymore, and bringing anything down with force enough to separate a head from a neck sends stabbing pain down his back. But most of the guns are fine, so he brushes up on those lefthanded, leaves his right free for the jiggier stuff.
Another wave of it. Another burst of sparkling sound, another jitter through his muscles, firing every nerve. Another coiling deep in the cradle of his pelvis, heavy and delicious. He arches, sucking in a breath. In Dean’s mind’s eye, Cas’s wings shimmer as though a rainbow has slid up their lengths.
The whole time after, it’s like waiting. For the sky to fall, for the other shoe to drop, for the nightmare to end. He doesn’t know how to define this odd, light sense of impermanence, of feeling… not really real. The world, barren and quiet, has this sheen to all its edges, and he’s standing outside it, staring in and thinking, those poor bastards.
to be loved. He wants Cas to be—to have been right. For those words to be true, about him for once instead of projected outwardly by him, onto Sam, onto Mom, with such a pure, childlike yearning at their base. Dean knows what it is to love. He knows what it is to feel so completely right about someone else, to trust so absolutely, to place his tattered and darned scrap of faith so squarely around another’s shoulders and feel warmed as though he were the one wearing it. To know that this soul is one he will never, ever forsake.
The nickname feels like an old coat now, worn loose and comfortable. He stretches helplessly after the fleeting feeling as it dissipates with all the rest.
Dean’s not fine. Dean’s restless and distracted, even during sex, especially during sex, in ways he didn’t think he could be distracted anymore. Cas has always, always, since-they-started-doing-this always eaten up every iota of his attention in bed. Like, the Twats of Letters could blow a hole in the bunker’s garage with a bazooka and crush Baby under giant chunks of cement and he would need a few minutes to even start remembering how to care, that kind of undistractable.
Then Cas squeezes his eyes shut, turns his head as though to get away. The grimace on his face is tight, but when he looks back at Dean, his eyes are full of tears.
“I don’t know how to apologize for what I… what it did to you. Caring for me has never been good for anyone, not really. It figures, that the people who care the most are always the ones who—”
Claire spews cereal across the floor in one great snorting spray. She slaps a hand over her mouth and stares wide-eyed over the top of it. Sam nods at them, and goes back to the database, running the comb idly through his hair.
But it fades, as most nightmares do. Dean’s had plenty in his life; you just keep moving on, looking at and remembering other things, giving scritches to dogs when they’re demanded, and eventually it becomes a crazy story you tell people over beers, trying to convey a little of the awe it left inside you.
Dean’s hand rises, drifting into Castiel’s space, then retreats. But his voice is hard. “I need you to.”
“Perhaps the memories don’t feel the same as they did on Earth,” Castiel says, trying it on for size. “There are adjustments to be made, in this state of being. As your form evolves. As you understand more. Things look different.”
“How so?” Sam asks from the floor. He’s braiding his own hair now, and doing a much worse job of it than either Dean or Claire.
The word comes too late. Castiel steps closer, hand raised, unsure whether touch has a place here. And Dean leans away from it. Castiel halts again, but in that second Dean has changed trajectories, is in his grasp, all cool fabric and body heat beneath—and isn’t it strange that a body in Heaven has heat, when there is really no body at all, simply a construct?
In Castiel’s state of turmoil, it feels like a reprimand. There is something about Jack himself that is beautiful but bittersweet, a memory of wonder that also drips betrayal, that makes some small part of Castiel feel endlessly sick. A harsh and costly sacrifice he can’t remember making. Another door that refuses to open for him. But Castiel stands still as Jack’s hands rise to cradle his face, and as soon as they touch, calm ripples through him, a stone tossed into his center to cleanse as its impact reverberates outward.
“Oh yeah?” Sam offers vaguely from the table. Which is covered end to end in some disgusting looking books. The smell hits ten feet out, sour and dry and cloying like rot; Dean nearly crosses himself.
as feathers Dean can’t see slide right up his sides, his ribs, his biceps and elbows, dragging his arms up over his head, Dean’s hands fisting in rhythm around silk and spines, his voice cracked and sweat in his eyes, and Cas’s
But Dean ain’t the big brother for nothing. He gets a nice good grip on the right half of it, and whoa, it’s soft and luxurious, “Like a Pantene commercial.”
Sam utters an agreeable grunt but nothing more. He looks relaxed, slouched as low as his giraffe legs will allow with one elbow propped on the windowsill. But there’s weight again in the car, just as there had been in the kitchen. Dean rubs his eye and blinks clear of residual fog.
His hands, already full of Cas’s shirt, tighten into fists. Cas draws back a scant inch, enough to look Dean solidly in the eye.
Eventually, though, he has to come back and gape at the state of his life now. And there is a lot to gape at. “Is it always gonna go like this?” He doesn’t know how much a bunker, even a ward-reinforced one, can take.
Dean says, not in words. Not in words at all. He says it in light, all through Castiel where for so long it has been dark.
“You do that,” he says, turning on the hard countertop with a grunt and nuzzling into Cas’s neck, “as often as you want to. I mean it. Anytime.”
“I can see what it has done.” Jack sighs and, looking like it’s the last thing he wants to do, releases Castiel. “But I can’t reach it. It’s too deep, behind a barrier I can’t break.”
Cas’s face changes, a near imperceptible aging around the eyes and mouth. His smile turns sad in a way that squeezes Dean’s heart. “Sometimes there’s nothing
I’m about to fight it all over again.” He feels sick, can taste it gunking up behind his teeth, and he feels like he’ll never be ready to look at it.
But there’s really only one way out of this, easy to envision for all the time it’s spent in the back of his mind lately. An abstract. A Hail Mary.
Yeah, Dean sees the logic. They have a decided advantage with all this lore at their fingertips. But guess how many rats’ asses he gives? Playing field’s even now, suckers.
As he, Castiel, dies. The memory through Dean’s eyes is pink and sore, jagged like a broken bone. It gouges deeper with each replay, not into him but into Dean, and Castiel feels it like his own body is being cut.
Castiel lifts his shoulders. Drops them. The motion is entirely too familiar, and not angelic in the slightest. “He was my friend. I—”
In an instant, he is on the Entity, so close he can taste its cold, empty core. It tries to flee, but he reaches in, grabs onto that core, and closes his fist. “I will
Sam grimaces. “I can’t tell you that. But you’re not going to be doing it alone. So we’ll use... new weapons. Not just made for one person.”
stings. Dean had noticed, too. Ugh, his whole chest is clammy now. He shoves his mug away, strips off his shirt, and slings it to the floor with a wet smack. “You wouldn’t have let me go even if she had.”
“Oh, fuck you,” Dean mutters, rolling his eyes. But his cheeks are hot and Sam is now officially laughing at him. Dean kicks his chair. “Shut up.”
It also makes stunting his own awareness very difficult. He can’t help but turn his sight to the man he left in the field in front of that modest house.
Later, the fire will go out completely, and the voices across the way will force them to silence their sounds as best they can, and Cas will shake out a ratty blanket that he’ll wrap them in, sweat and steaming breath and all. But now is earthy and slow and tomorrow couldn’t matter less.
Cas hunches. Still shaky, still with his head in his hand: “Every time I draw you into my problems, you—I lose you. I thought, if I could just keep you out of it. For once.”
Someone appears on the bridge, right outside Dean’s line of vision, standing as still and sober as he ever did.
He remembers how hard he fought to climb out of this pit, and how, so many times, he just barely made it.
think about Lucifer that way for the rest of his dumpster fire of a life? It’s fucked up, yes, but it doesn’t need to be even more fucked up. (Drink, drink, drink.)
“Good.” Cas sounds relieved, of all things. Dean swallows and wishes the arms around him would tighten up a bit.
“Mom,” he says, then shrugs. “Well. I mean, I was three. I sucked. But she had this really long hair and sometimes she’d sit on the floor in the living room and let me mess with it. It’s my earliest memory,” he finishes thoughtfully.
Dean wrenches away, and Castiel mistakes it for anger before he sees it as the stumble it was, the nearly lost footing. Dean covers his eyes briefly with his hand, and when he lowers it, he looks
Cas takes his hand from his face and presses a kiss to the bend between Dean’s thumb and forefinger. “I can think of worse things.”
Well, he was pretty sure, until he remembered that the source of this belief is a series of snarky jabs by sycophantic, soul-thieving demons who hate angels, think humans are idiots, and live to spread misinformation.
his man like burning, and cursing himself to lowest Hell for shrugging Cas off when he hints at wanting sex—it’s really not Cas’s problem that Dean is having a crisis of self-worth here—so he coaxes Cas down into the bed… and the wings never come out, never... never touch him, never caress his arms or brush lingeringly over his belly and chest.
Just how many wings do angels have, anyway? Cas has six, Dean knows. Cas told him. And god knows he’s felt enough feathers for six. So it stands to reason that seraphim have six in general, standard angels fewer, and archangels… more? No, less, they have four. Sometimes. Depending on who you ask. He’s done some checking in Library Alcove #2, he’s not a total slouch at the research, thanks, and he remembers reading somewhere that at least one archangel was not an archangel at all and did not have the apportioned four wings of an archangel or the six wings of a seraph, but instead had twelve, twelve massive erogenous wings because he was Dad’s favorite, and ewwwwwww, can Dean just
He finds Cas in the library, one hand running absently through Miracle’s fur. Sam’s whistle brings the dog up and out in a flurry of toenail clicks and panting. Sam will take him for a run, and that’s how he’ll unwind tonight. But Dean wants something else, something he rarely turns to.
The phone shuts off. Rings again. Dean presses the heels of his hands to his eyes until everything glows white, like an angel flying in. The why of Cas saying those things…Of course there’s a why. It’s not worth asking aloud. How could there not be a why? He’s Dean; why would anyone think any of those things about him?
It's Cas's POV, but of course I picture this extra scene that didn't make it in, where Jack comes to Dean in a dream or something and Dean is going absolutely spare:
He wakes from a deep sleep, the pain in his shoulder blessedly absent, to find someone he knew he’d never see again kneeling at his bedside not two feet from him. The clock ticks for an eternity. One breath. Two. Then Dean struggles up onto his elbows, his throat a clotted mess. “Cas?”
Dean can’t actually see the feathers, and that’s trippy as shit, because they feel freaking solid between his fingers. They’re sturdy; they have to be, to take the beating Dean gives them while having his wicked way with Cas. But he’s looked at his hands even as he fingers soft down, and all he sees is a weird shimmer that makes his palm look like it’s melting. Flecks of light, pinprick fireflies… He still remembers that first night, when Cas had come directly to his bedside after Jack brought him back, when the room around Cas’s bare shoulders was inky and fathomless and full of distant lightning. The whole room smells of pine now, and powder, when Cas brings his wings out. Dean doesn’t know what kind of powder. It’s just this soft, dry, grainy smell that in all honesty is starting to have an aphrodisiac effect.
“Cas?” The name drops to the stones. He said it, almost the last thing before Cas d—He jerks away from the word, and the scrape of his own boots on the floor is loud because this place has always been a tomb. “No.” He rubs his face again, and shakes his head, clearing the cobwebs that keep trying to grow. “No, no, no, no, no, no,” like an eyeroll, a restart, a project he fucked up but can put right if he just shakes loose, but the last
Dean presses a hand to his mouth, squeezes his eyes shut, stubbornly stays silent. But he can’t remember a time when he didn’t have some kind of wound in him. He can’t reconcile the crushing loss of before with the having again; now it’s all spilling in front of him, years and years if he’s lucky, time he never had such a reason to look forward to.
“I need a minute.” He says it to the space where Cas stood. The basement in the bunker is dry and musty in his throat. “Just… need a fucking minute.”
“Well, it’s not because of any sort of cowardice,” Castiel snaps, more to the hair than to Dean. “I know of no other human who could withstand what has happened to you and not break.”
Cas rolls his eyes ceilingward, the most put upon eyeroll Dean’s seen to date. Dean snorts a laugh, and quick as a flash, Cas smiles at him. “She was helping me with the angels. Not,” he hastens, to Dean’s widening eyes, “in a dangerous way. I warded her against everything, Jody knew all about it, I promise. She was just looking through lore, finding non-angelic ways I could—”
for him. Dean’s done feeling sorry for himself and he gives Cas way more credit than that. He stares at his brain in disbelief, unsure how the fuck it’s doing this, throwing down these horrors the way it is, because he knows better.
For a day—a day in the realm of mortality—Dean does nothing. He sits on his porch, through the sunset and into the dark, hand cupped over his left shoulder, and he does… nothing. He stares out over the lake, but Castiel can tell he isn’t seeing it. He is lost, locked in memory, as the souls in Heaven That Was used to be. It is disconcerting to see him so still, not favoring the whims of the body he has chosen to wear here.
Castiel nods, relieved at the sight of familiar ground. “I am glad you survived. And that I had a hand in that.”
“Friend of ours. Charlie.” Dean rolls his eyes and tries to play it off. “She did LARPing. You know, that’s when you—”
They burn, twin coals carving holes in the dark. A guttural laugh rattles out of the black. Dean has no time to scream. He flinches back, throws up his hands uselessly to shield his face.
He knows he has PTSD. Has known it. His father had it, not just from Mom’s death but from his tours before that. Sam has it, will certainly have it forever. Cas surely has it, or the angelic equivalent. And Dean, well, he’s kind of come to feel over the years like he’s the poster child for trauma induced stress and all the bad ways to handle it.
Behind him, Cas jerks upright. The room fills with sickly sulfurous light just as Cas’s wing slams down around him.
“No.” Jack’s tone brooks no argument. He releases Castiel again and steps away. His shadow still weights the air between them. “No, you will find what the Entity hides from you.”
“What’s wrong with you?” It rushes out of Dean, a wheeze of air. He looks crushed, buckling right in front of Castiel, and his whole self is reaching but not touching Castiel, refusing that one thing that he so clearly wants. “You’re like you were when we first—Don’t you remember?”
“It didn’t look like that, up there,” Cas huffs. “Jerk.” His hand remains on Dean’s chest, rising and falling. His thumbnail is stained on one side, the rolling of herbs day in and day out. Dean imagines he can see the ubiquitous smoke curling like dragons’ tails from Cas’s nose, the scent of turned earth worked deep into the fibers of Cas’s clothes, and if they die tomorrow or the next day or the month after, none of that will ever touch the ember-glow of their fire tonight or the monstrous spray of stars above or the damp grass at Dean’s back.
“That’s good.” Mary’s hands twitch like her words, hovering around hope; she wants to touch him, but won’t. “Right?”
Cas bumps Dean’s lips with his nose. He tucks a hand under Dean’s knee and squeezes, and Dean moans into his mouth, nodding, nodding frantically.
as feathers slide up Dean’s sides, up his ribs, his biceps and elbows, dragging his arms up over his head, Dean’s hands fisting in rhythm around silk and spines, his voice cracked and sweat in his eyes, and Cas’s
Dean sets fear aside, again, turns Cas’s face by the chin, and kisses his mouth. Everything about Cas—about the fucked up, torn up world, really—is still except for Cas’s mouth, and this night is endless, wet, full of busted buildings and broken people, and Dean kisses Cas because he wants to. Has wanted to. Always wants to. Cas kisses him back, slow and heady as the weed he smokes, his mouth a perfect fit to Dean’s, as he always is. Dean thinks this is the kind of forever angels can never understand: the shudder-jolt-stop of a single moment, a moment on repeat, the tremble of asking, again, and being answered, again, and Cas is as human as he is but still knows how to pick and strum at Dean’s chilly, tired body the best of anyone.
The Entity laughs, and it has nothing on Dean. The features, though molecularly perfect, are devoid of the elements that bring Dean to life. The crinkles surrounding its smile are flat, manufactured, and the eyes are dim, mere mirrors in a counterfeit green that reminds Castiel of rot. There is no profundity, and certainly there is no blazing soul. “Give what back, exactly?”
“Yeah.” Dean clears his throat, still slightly in his own head. He might even say hey, maybe this is also the comb’s doing, except it’s how they behave all the time now. When Cas is actually here, anyway. “Yeah, okay.”
Except Dean doesn’t really want to eat with all this hair everywhere. Yeah, Sam takes good care of his hygiene but it’s
Dean makes a horrible keening noise and drops straight forward against Cas. Cas hauls him up and hugs him tight.
He has Cas’s blood in him now. Angel blood. And probably some of Kushiel’s too, because no jacket in a forest was going to clean that completely away. So he has angel in him, just a little. Just enough to undo what the Punishing Sword had done. Dean had nightmares at first, terrible ones that woke him shaking like his bones were rattling, half out of his bed and stumbling through the dark toward the door. He’d seen the sneer on Kushiel’s face over and over, felt himself discarded in the mud like trash, and something about it just stayed, for days and days after.
“You don’t have to do it in here,” Sam says, slow and deliberate as he eyes them both from where he now looms like some eldritch god over his laptop. The hair flows around him, world’s most vitamin-nourished tentacles. “God knows I have enough hair now that you could do it on freakin’ Jupiter. But you are going to hash this out or I swear to everything holy and unholy, I will strangle you both with my hair and be done with it.”
He presses his face back into the warmth. Dean’s pulse flutters against his nose—another thing Dean doesn’t need up here, but the familiar
It’s gravelly and low, and there’s a lifetime in those words. The same dark hair curls at his brow; the same unshaven scruff peppers his jaw. Cas’s eyes are a preternatural blue that Dean forgot, then forgot he forgot, reimagined and came up woefully short. He makes a low sound in his throat and raises his hand, and before he knows it, he’s cupping Cas’s cheek.
“Dean,” it moans again, and yes, that’s definitely Sam, but his silhouette against the hallway light doesn’t look right. “Something happened, I don’t know, I can’t—”
Killing God without killing God. Killing his hope instead. His dreams, if he has any. In Dean’s opinion, it’s a far better death. It fits the crime, leaves the criminal to suffer. It introduces hell in so many shades, one after another after another. Most importantly, it leaves behind the hell of hells: the what if.
Dean laughs, because Cas, struggling upright from flipped tortoise, indignant, drowning in tunic—no, he should always be supine, stretched long and limber with half-hooded eyes and the suggestion of a smile. As an angel, he understood fathoms, but Dean thinks, now that Cas is mortal, here against the jagged and broken skyscrapers and the city being swallowed by grass, he is actually—truly—all-knowing.
Dean’s steel-cored, Hell-fired, battle proven nerve deserts him entirely. He’s not admitting to running from the diner, but—
. Here. The bunker.” What hellish thing did he do in his previous life to warrant this bullshit? “The hair is just—There are no words, Cas!” There are words. The words are
Cas’s eyes bore holes in him. “You are anything but fine. You’re… you’re barely there when we’re intimate anymore, you leave me alone in bed more mornings than you stay, you—you’re drinking, more than you have been in months.”
“I guess what I’m saying is, you have me. You’ve had me. Okay? And I’m so sorry I couldn’t say it when it counted. When we were both… Well, we’re both here now, and that, I think that counts too. Maybe even more. Hell, all I think about is you, Cas. I love you, too.”
Dean’s been torn apart by Hellhounds. Tortured in the pit for decades. Stabbed and shot and damned and Marked. He’s not sure why this one hit so much more deeply. Maybe because it was the angel of punishment himself. Maybe because the other times, Dean had seen his end coming, but this time… this time he had not known to be ready.
Castiel’s hands dig into the supple leather of his jacket. The last time he saw this jacket, they’d fought tooth and claw through a hellscape, and the air Castiel breathed, the light in his eyes and the dirt on his body were all nothing to the constant drumming beat:
“Except maybe Sam,” Cas allows. His mouth twitches, not a smile but a perplexed sort of tic, like he can’t really articulate what he wants to say. “I wanted to stop them. Heaven. I just wanted to find them and end the problem, so you and Sam could go out again, live your lives. And Claire, she wanted to help, too, and I should have just asked you, I know, but I thought… Well. It’s not important.”
He looks at Dean, then looks again, and the taste on the back of his tongue sours. Dean’s soul, so bright and livid in their last meeting, is muted now, frayed around the edges. Castiel’s insides rebel against the bent look of it, and the urge to take hold of him, cradle him as he had that very first moment in Hell and chafe him to life again, is potent.
Cas’s hand tightens around the object in question, and for the first time since he arrived, he looks Dean directly in the eye, a hundred percent of his focus. “No.”
In a rush, they are over him, against him, crowding his chest and head and throat, and Dean moans as he sinks his fingers into them, pretends for a second that Cas is rising on the same torrential wave as he is, just because Dean’s touching his wings, pushing him up and up, higher, closer to the sun. The room is a-spill in blue, the light of Cas’s grace leaking through the feathers in Dean’s hands, zings and pops the only thing denoting where each feather actually ends. He doesn’t know exactly what Cas is doing differently from other rim jobs he’s gotten from people in the past, but
you,” the Entity seethes, sudden and alive in the blackness. “Because even dead, you refused to bow. You were happy. Even in death, you were at peace. You made me sick, and you
) Dean gets out of bed and retreats to the kitchen, drinks half a cup of coffee before he fidgets his way up and out of the seat, then right out of the bunker and goes for a fucking
He smells... Dean smells... Castiel inhales greedily, pushing his nose into the arc of skin where Dean’s shoulder meets his throat, and it’s leather, sun, pain and cream and oil, but this time it’s everything, rushing into him in a tidal surge and filling up all the little holes that have festered. He has no idea how he ever thought he was whole, with all these nicks and cuts, these rents that go right through him. Whatever the Entity had done to him, it had cloaked even more; it had taken away his autonomy, his ability to comprehend that he was so damaged.
“—and if there’s much more of this, the walls might literally come down around us, without a grenade launcher.”
A trickle of cool white; Cas is cradling his face, kneeling in front of him, his eyes wide and his brow creased. It slides through Dean, the freshest of waters. Dean drags in a full breath at last, huge and sweet.
Sam opens his mouth, and then his eyes slide past Dean and he sucks in a chopped breath. His mouth works, as years fall from his face, leaving him boyish and baffled, and just a little bit wild around the eyes.
At night he dreams of pretend paradise, and regrets furiously not having turned around. Just one glance, one good look. That’s all he would have asked for. For a brief time, he regrets the death of the Djinn too, because anyone, anything that could offer that—He feels like a junkie, desperate for his next fix.
“When did you get me?” he wonders, half trying to puzzle it out. And did it get only him, or is Sam here too?
Dean gapes. “What the hell, man?” He waggles a braid at Cas and comb, then points the end of it at them. “They better have carved some ensorcelled furniture out of it, too, is all I’m saying. Waste of a good tree.”
“You won’t need to shut your eyes this time,” Castiel murmurs, watches Dean’s face go slack in understanding, but by then Castiel is already holding his arms out and letting it fall.
interpretation of sex as he has always known it, on a cosmic level, things his paltry human brain cannot comprehend even if he tried his hardest until the day he died, but it’s all useless anyway, isn’t it, when Cas,
“Find the Entity. It senses the stretch too. It’s uncomfortable for it. Soon it will be unbearable.”
doesn’t cooperate, catches on its way out and breaks in half, and his lungs heave, and the phone rings
“Hey,” Claire says, leaning down over Sam’s shoulder. “You are looking at a master of mod braids here.” She indicates her own braids, tight to her scalp and tumbling down over her shoulder. “I am forever learning from greater masters so that I can better ply my trade. Though,” she continues, poking a finger at the plait Dean is currently working on, “you’re not doing too bad yourself. Where’d you learn to do that?”
The Empty was a place that filled one with nothing, as though nothing could pour in like water and drown all substance, all personality, all thought.
“Hey,” he says, soft but needing to break the quiet that has fallen over the room. He skirts his fingers over Cas’s breastbone. “You okay?”
and as he rockets over with a strangled shout, as Cas immediately lunges up over him to catch his mouth in a razing kiss, as Cas hitches his arms under Dean’s knees and slides slick inside him like he’s coming home, as he squeezes his thighs fiercely around Cas’s ribs and quakes with it all, he knows, knows to his core, that pretend as he might, he’ll never be able to do it.
How is he supposed to do this? How do people do this? There’s something about it that feels like hell, in the quieter moments when the physical torture was set aside and all he had was himself for hours, years, eons, the sensation that he belonged there, would have gone there even had he not dealt for Sammy’s life. Then, he couldn’t speak. Like now, there was nothing he knew to say.
Healing him was the last real thing Cas ever did with his grace. Dean knows it. Can’t stop knowing it.
He just feels like an imposter, like he bought this illegally. It’s nothing he deserves but somehow he convinced someone to give it to him, smarmed his way into paradise with no clue how to hold onto it. He looks through his fingers at Cas, still kneeling between his feet and frowning at Sam’s narrative. Dean looks at the way their legs cross each other, and it makes his eyes burn. Why should he get his Cas when so many other people have lost theirs? What makes him so damn special?
It hits Dean: an aftershock of the seething darkness, the flooding light, sex like he’s never had, the sense of something so sublime billowing out from the center of his body, of Cas in him in ways that shouldn’t be possible, of things he’s never felt, never dreamt, and he’s just… He’s human. He’s just a cleverly categorized bundle of cells, warm-blooded, small, finite. What does Cas see when he looks at him? What does he even feel when he—when they—
It’s been almost another half hour when Cas sighs again. “Dean, I’m sorry,” just as Dean says, “Cas, look, I’m an asshole.”
“The magic understood at a touch that you would not use it, Dean.” Cas speaks thoughtfully, as though feeling his way through. “Sam, on the other hand, was willing.”
“It’s just.” Cas shifts above him, warm on the insides of his thighs and raspy against his chest. “There are things I think I can’t hold in. Like this.”
“You had no business handling it at all!” Cas’s eyes are fiercely blue. “What if it had killed you? Or Sam?”
Dean is love, and regret, and profound loyalty. How is it that he knows Dean’s entire being is fashioned of love, and yet cannot remember why? Or how he came to that conclusion? Or why he knows it as a bedrock truth?
“It’ll be better,” he chokes when it passes, glad of thick walls and thicker darkness. The bunker sleeps on.
It’s so understated, and yet what lies underneath trembles in Dean’s chest as though his heart has shuddered. Dean swallows again. “You too, Cas,” he says, and feels foolish, except that Cas is smiling, a small, sweet thing curving the corners of his mouth. His hand is so warm on Dean’s cheek.
Dean moans and drags him into a kiss, wrapping his arms around him, wishing he didn’t need to breathe at all. Breathing is a weakness. Oxygen is for losers and he can sleep when he’s dead.
He nods, but feels despair. Unbearable or not, he will never convince the Entity to undo what it has done, and if Jack cannot break these walls, what hope does Castiel have? “I
“Why?” he cries, shaken in a way he hasn’t been since—since—He has to get to Dean, oh, Father of fathers, how had he looked Dean in the eye and uttered those things, how had he not shattered with the falsity of it? How had lightning not struck him dead for his lies, how had he stood there and stabbed his love again and again with such flimsy blades of praise?
He’d always thought, once Jack took control, that the pieces would just click together, finally settling into place. But he doesn’t feel at rest in this Heaven. He never really felt at rest in the last one, he recalls, a fact he hadn’t recognized until he’d spent time on earth, with… with…
Cas hums agreement. “You were right about the magic being benign overall, Sam. But the wording in the wood is peculiar.”
Cas’s brow creases, so Dean grips his hand and thinks thoughts at him: a grief he didn’t recognize, a different kind of grief than ever before. Deciding to be the man Cas saw instead of running from that version of himself, going for what he wanted because Cas thought it worthwhile that he, Dean, be happy. Waking every day with
Castiel isn’t sure what to say, and so says nothing, and Dean swallows into the silence and looks him right in the eye.
It’s not often, just every once in a while. They come without announcement. Thoughts and snippets, like jotted notes of things Dean Winchester finds interesting.
“Dean, my grace—It’s not the whole of me. It hasn’t been for a long time. It’s a means to an end. I don’t want it if it means I can’t be with you.”
The bastard got about five steps before Sam hit him, a battering ram of Enochian-concealed fury. And it wasn’t like Kushiel couldn’t handle Sam, human as he was: he tossed Sam right out of the ring of trees with an outraged shout.
He laughs then, sharp, and covers his eyes with one hand. The other hand flat out refuses to leave Cas again, so he should probably just give it up for lost at this point. “I think I’m stuck to you. Sorry. I’m sorry.”
“It’s like this... hole. In the ground. It’s deep. Or—” Okay, something else, until he can make the analogy flow right out. “Or it’s a fight. A war.” He drums his fingers, thinking about Charlie and costumes, people lined up on a grassy field. It makes him smile, which makes it easier. “But this war, I already fought, and I already won. And. I used all of my weapons, every last one of them, and a lot of those weapons broke.”
She’s got these perfect eyebrows, the most perfect in the known universe, maybe, and one of them is arched just so over an eye that is just so very done with him and fuck’s sake, they haven’t even started yet.
Castiel’s eyes darken, and over in the corner, Claire squirms in her chair, trying to crunch her cereal a little less loudly. And that, of course, was the wrong move on Dean’s part because Castiel’s embarrassment is erased in an instant, replaced by a stony, protective ire.
Somehow Castiel makes it across the grass toward the sandy beach, where he halts, swaying, Dean mere feet away. Dean’s eyes ravage his face, and Castiel lets himself be searched, throws all the doors wide. He has nothing, nothing else to lose anymore.
he doesn’t have wings. And Cas is looking at him like exactly that, mouth pinched and eyebrows low, and Dean sighs and rubs his head.
Dean is sitting on the sand this time, in the shadow of the dock, his arms braced atop bent knees. His bare toes only just touch the water as it laps in. A fishing pole rests at his side, but there is no bait, no tackle. Just Dean.
“Has Castiel returned then?” Rowena asks cheerfully over speaker phone. So that ship is already speeding over the horizon. But Dean is, surprisingly, not worried.
Dean stares. Cas’s shoulders glisten with sweat, his cheeks red and hot. His eyes are glazed, a little too wide. He looks as mortal as Dean feels.
Cas settles into a long, warm line up Dean’s flank and a steady heartbeat against his side. Dean tightens both arms, curls his fingers in the loose fabric of Cas’s clothing to hold him there, and prays, fervently, that this does not turn out to be a dream.
He touches his side, and Cas’s eyes follow. His free hand drops, hovers over Dean’s bare skin, but draws back without touching.
the way you put me out of mine. It’s like this whole other plane of, of pleasure, Cas, of ecstasy. That sounds so stupid, but I’ve never, ever felt the things you make me feel when we’re, you know, together Biblically or whatever, and I will never be able to give that back to you!”
His doing, or not doing, as it were. Something he cannot get at, just beyond his fingertips, but the evidence of it is all around him, the blank spaces obvious.
“Dean?” Cas squints curiously at him from the bed. He’s got no shirt on, the jerk, that is not fair play at all. Cas leans back on one arm, elbow locked and shoulder taut, the tendons standing out on his forearm. The blanket is only covering up to mid-thigh, and there’s no hiding the interest Cas had in the recent situation.
Dean rolls his head on his shoulders and tries not to hate his life. He tries not to hate his life at least once a week lately. “So, what? We’re here until we…”
The incredulity is bubbling up right alongside a fiendish sort of glee even he’s ashamed to be feeling. He picks up the brush and deliberately waves it in Sam’s face. He has to bite his cheek to keep from laughing. “Anything
