“Time for what?” Dean asked, confused, but sat up, squinting at Castiel. He had moved so far back that it was hard to see him. “What are you doing?”
“Thank you, Dean,” he replied. “I’ll take you up on it this week.” Then they should be good. “Anything specific you want?” When Dean didn’t immediately reply, Castiel added, “Or don’t want?”
“So, how’d your case go?” Balthazar asked instead, to switch the topic. “Did you save the day and identify the killer?”
cats, for fuck’s sake, Cas.” Jimmy protested and Castiel smacked him upside his head. “Oh,” Jimmy realized, too late.
The snake jumped again, this time aiming its poison for the mast. “Get out of the way!” Dean yelled at the crew still left on deck, but it appeared nobody had gotten injured. The poison dissolved against the mast without damaging it and the snake reared up in front of them. Castiel would swear it let out an enraged scream, but snakes didn’t scream, did they?
Castiel, who was squatting with his back to the trees and one of his hands in the water, doing fuck knows what, didn’t see the boar-thing coming. Knowing there wasn’t time to draw his gun and let it charge, Dean swung his branch like a bat at the boar’s head before it could reach Castiel.
Dean gave him a soft smile and slid under the covers, lying down next to Castiel and moving into his arms. Castiel moved in, nuzzling him and stroking his cheek, simply caressing him languidly without initiating a kiss. Dean closed his eyes and leaned into it, hand clutching at Castiel’s shirt.
“Should leave you in this tiny boat and send you back,” Dean mused, but started climbing up the ladder anyway.
Dean was a little shell shocked, having had his world blown quite literally just now. Part of him wanted to apologize, but then again. No. He wasn’t actually sorry. He reached out a hand to pull Castiel back up though. “Trailer?”
Dean watched him bend over in his leather pants and considered asking him to maybe lie down on the bed, roll on the rose petals and pose for a picture first, but instead he blew out the candles on his side. “Fire hazard taking care of, do you want to see what food we got or do you wanna…” He gestured towards the bed.
Maybe it was good that they’d brought Dean in this early, so they could get in front of this and keep an eye on him, in case anything else popped up. Castiel should keep close to be able to provide him with a plausible alibi for anything that might surface next, and Dean did have valuable connections. So far, Dean hadn’t really ratted anyone else out, but Castiel was sure self-preservation would win out over old loyalties, especially if Lilith had thrown him under the bus first.
Meg kept going through the files unperturbed, pretending he wasn’t even in the room. She usually only shared info about potential recruits with Cas after she pre-screened them, so that was nothing unusual. No reason to worry yet. He’d just have to come back later.
Mildred shooed him out of the kitchen early so he went to find Castiel, who was apparently just finishing up his afternoon yoga session outside in the grass. Not wanting to disturb him, Dean stayed back and watched from afar, mesmerized as always with Castiel’s fluid movements.
Castiel shrugged, pulling on the shirt. “Yes and no. It’s part of the ‘Castiel wants to keep you around’ experience.”
Pulling himself up, Castiel leaned in for another kiss, effectively shutting Dean up. It didn’t take him long to open up Dean’s pants as well and Dean kicked off his shoes and stepped out of his pants, taking a deep breath and surveying the scene.
“Last chance to hide below deck,” Charlie offered. “The door is lined with salt and iron, nothing can get through.”
Dean didn’t mention it, either, but when Castiel laid down to find some rest, he couldn’t stop shivering. He didn’t like it and didn’t know what to do until Dean stepped in, wordlessly laying down behind him and wrapping the blanket around the both of them before gathering Castiel up in his arms and providing him comfort.
Monday morning, they jerked each other off lazily in the shower and then dawdled until they absolutely had to make their way to work. The car ride was strained, neither of them talking. Dean stopped around the corner from the parking lot to let Castiel out first, seeming genuinely sorry about it.
They sat side by side, munching on their respective salads—Dean’s not containing any meat but Castiel could spot some edamame and sprouts, which he’d barely sprinkled with his brown dressing that came on the side—while Castiel decided to turn on the TV. It was still set to his documentary channel, but he switched, trying to find something more entertaining.
Castiel didn’t know what to say, so he just wrapped his arm around Dean, pulling him closer and hopefully proving him some support.
Dean turned around, looking betrayed. “Cas? I can’t believe you’d really sell me out. How about not leaving, huh?” Dean was still wearing his normal clothes but two of his crewmen had donned the Navy uniforms. They’d already opened the shirts and ditched the hats, so their disguises would not be helpful in a possible fight.
“Shit,” Dean coughed, feeling caught and trying to hide the joint. Except this wasn’t the high school bathroom and he couldn’t just flush it. And he was too afraid to burn a hole in his clothes to hide it underneath his body, though he briefly entertained the idea, butt already lifted in the air.
“Excuse you?” Castiel mock-pouted. “I seem to recall you being quite devout there just a few days ago.”
He turned on his heels and went to grab his laptop, searching for the file instead of grabbing his coffee as planned. Twenty minutes later he regretted his decision when he realized it would take way too long to the nearest Starbucks and he was definitely not high up enough on the food chain to have someone else get it for him. Dean groaned and waited for Bobby to come collect him for the interview.
None of them had kind words about Meg. Even if she hadn’t been as blatantly mean to any of them as she’d been to Dean when he first arrived, most found her cold and calculating, seeing her as a necessity to help Castiel run the Farm. Because apparently the “poor guy” was just too “out of this world” to “deal with real life issues”. All of those had been phrases used when talking to Dean.
“Brother,” Anna replied, passing the scouts who were still holding back and wrapping him up in a hug. “I was afraid I’d be too late.”
“You know we don’t go against hacktivists,” Jimmy felt the need to defend himself. “We catch serious criminals. Maybe if you wanted to come see, work for us…” That deal had never been on the table, but Jimmy had a little sway. Maybe he could pull something.
“At no point do we ever have to invite Jimmy into our bed, I need you to know that.” Castiel continued and Dean started squirming. “Dean,” he warned.
Afterwards, Dean was the first one to roll over and sit up. He looked longingly at the clean bed and wondered if he could get away with being an asshole tonight. Well, he could try… “I’m going to clean up. You just stay and relax.”
Spontaneously, Castiel decided to sing to Dean as a way to soothe him. A few favorites from the Seventies that he’d always listened to back when he was getting high with the other losers from high school. Before he had to drop out because they found out the address he’d given them was fake. Nevertheless, the songs had still continued to calm him down afterwards. He started with Bob Dylan.
Instead, Castiel placed his own hand above Dean’s, stroking his fingers before taking a hold of his wrist to pull it away. “Cute, Dean. Still not going to get you out of yoga.”
“No Dean, this is something you just decided on your own. You did that. Don’t thank me.” Castiel touched Dean’s cheek and then let his hand trail down over his arm. “I am happy for you and here to provide whatever support you need.”
The shell started to crack and Dean reached out, wanting to help, but Castiel held him back. She had to do it in her own time. He wasn’t sure if anything bad would happen if there was interference, but this was the way it’s always been done.
Cas laughed from where he was stuck and moved further up the couch so he had more room to get undressed. Once he was taking care of the top, Dean wasted no time in going straight for his fly next. Cas bucked up when Dean touched him, but he didn’t let it deter him. He deftly opened his jeans and pulled them down his legs until Cas stopped him. “Wait,” he gasped. “Dean, wait.”
“She’ll like you just fine.” Dean snorted with a grin. “Assuming we’ll survive the Kraken, we’ll all do just fine.”
“Then I’ll just dose him higher,” Castiel lied. “Trust me to know when someone is high and when someone is just pretending. Drugs are my specialty, after all.” Meg didn’t know much about his past life, but he’d told her enough.
Castiel nodded. Finally he’d be able to set the last piece in motion. Though he mourned his earlier post-dinner plans of spreading Dean out on the bed and having a feast.
He didn’t want to analyze it too closely, but he kept his supply runs short, setting up traps for the animals while he collected the wood. It had worked out so far and he always had some game to bring back with him on his second trip. Sizes varied, but it was always enough for them. And he didn’t want to spend more time apart than necessary. Running after a boar with a stick seemed very unnecessary. And risky. He just wanted to be back and make sure Castiel was still ok.
“You think there’s a connection?” Castiel asked, squinting at the picture. Actually one of the faces looked familiar. He took it out of Dean’s hands to have a closer look and sure enough, Garth was standing in the background as well.
Putting his mug down on the counter behind him, Dean took a deep breath. “I know this place means a lot to you, Cas, but someone is stealing money off of your members.” Castiel faked a shocked gasp and Dean held up a hand to continue. “I also think they’re specifically chosen for being wealthy.”
Even if it smelled a lot better than what Castiel got stuck with. He sighed and wiped some juice off his chin. Dean‘s dull green eyes had softened a bit after he’d eaten a second fruit, so maybe he‘d just been hungry. Or maybe now he was convinced Castiel had not poisoned him.
Which shouldn’t be Castiel’s problem, but he’d stupidly gotten himself attached to his handsome boss. Dean was a hard worker and expected the same of his secretary, but he was kind and never took his anger out on him. He regularly said ‘please’ and ‘thank you’. And he had never once made a joke at the expense of Castiel being a man, yet working as a secretary - his official title was ‘executive assistant’, but he knew it was just a fancier name for the same thing. So it would be in Castiel’s best interest if Dean would survive and come back on Monday morning.
Jimmy sat down across from his brother and didn’t even reach for the cupcake. There were more important things to discuss. Maybe he had miscalculated. “Do you not want me to live closer?”
Dean paused, wondering if that was a joke. He wouldn’t be too surprised. But he hadn’t witnessed any usage.
Castiel hesitated. He’d take Dean in a heartbeat, but he had no other choice. Dean had a whole life here. Could he really do this to him?
“No,” Castiel replied, passing a hand over his face. “But I need a drink. You stay in bed, I’ll make us some tea.”
Castiel finally had a little more control over his body, now that the singing had stopped, but it wasn’t enough to let him crouch back down and hide. Instead, a few other female bodies popped up out of the water, one of them winking and waving at him, beckoning him in. He frowned but found himself resisting, which in turn made her frown, as well.
“What the fuck, Henriksen?” Dean complained. “I didn’t do a drug stint. I was in a clean living hippie cult.”
Dean was tempted to bundle him up and go to his place right away, but then he remembered he still had to finish his assignment and send it in. And Cas seemed content to wait. After about an hour he got up and got them both a refill, refusing to take Dean’s money and paying for it himself. Dean didn’t know how much cash Cas had on him, but he definitely appreciated the gesture.
Castiel cocked his head and smirked. She could try. But he knew he’d succeeded in intimidating her and this was just an empty threat. “There won’t be a raid. Dean will report back that nothing is amiss and we can just keep doing what we’re doing here, which is to help people reach their full potential.” He slipped back into his innocent facade. “We’re
“Ok, so, I know you’ll be upset at first, but please hear me out before you do something rash, like send me away.” Dean looked fearful.
It suddenly hits him. “Fourty years?” he yells. “Fourty fucking years, Cas? I only just got behind the wheel, man.”
He could hear Castiel chuckle as he got his yoga mat and then Dean’s brain was preoccupied with watching him go through his motions fluidly once again. Except this time, without a shirt and just in boxers, Dean could clearly see his rippling muscles at play and was able to admire his ass and thick thighs thanks to the boxer shorts.
“No, you idiot. Three months is nothing. I waited for you this long, three months isn’t gonna kill me. You made it sound like you’ll be gone for years.” Dean gave him a look, then hit him again for good measure.
Dean focused on making eggs once again, which seemed to have turned into his unofficial duty around here. Breakfast was not a community event such as dinner because they all had different shifts and routines, some of them eating before yoga and others after. People just came and grabbed it as they could.
When Sam shook hands with Jessica, she grasped his hand in both of hers and closed her eyes. Then she smiled. “Yes. I’ll go with him. Thank you, Dean.”
“The goddamn navigator of this vessel.” Charlie kept her head held high. “Maybe if you wouldn’t spend so much time below deck re-reading your tomes on…”
Dean nodded, looking down at their joined hands. He squeezed Castiel’s and took a deep, bracing breath. “I’m an FBI agent.” He looked up to gauge Castiel’s reaction and Castiel looked appropriately confused, not saying anything yet and also not letting go of Dean’s hands. “Sent here undercover to find out if anything criminal is going on.”
Dean sat down and took off his shirt and, after a little hesitation, he took off his pants as well, keeping on the boxers before slipping under the covers. Castiel came back with the mug as promised and sat down on Dean’s side of the bed, stroking Dean’s hair.
“I have no other friends.” Castiel tensed up but tried to calm himself down again before he woke up Dean.
One he was back at his own place, he used every resource he had to try and arrange a fast bail hearing with a sympathetic judge. Sadly it was too late for today, but he could set it for the next afternoon and made sure he was on the witness list to speak on Castiel’s behalf. He should’ve informed his supervisors of this first and gotten it approved, but he really didn’t care. What could they do? Fire him?
“I… I…” Dean looked at Castiel’s hands, feeling the warmth emanating from them. He couldn’t give this up. Not yet. “Can I… can we talk tomorrow? I’m feeling really wiped out right now. I think maybe I’ve not fully recovered after all.”
“You’d know this better than me?” Castiel asked, coming up from where he’d been nestled in Dean’s neck.
Dean took it and held up his free hand in defense. “Hey, I saved you from cutting into that guy, didn’t I?”
“Alright, come here.” Castiel waved him up, pulling Jimmy into a hug once he was standing. It took a few seconds for Jimmy to give in and melt against him and return the embrace. Meanwhile, Castiel just held on harder until he could feel Jimmy shake against him and hear his muffled sobs. Castiel closed his eyes and kissed the top of Jimmy’s head, comforting him as best as he could.
“But you’re taking away food from the baby bees. You’re exploiting them,” Castiel explained. “You’re thinking vegetarian.”
“Over time we’ve picked up a few useful skills of our own.” Dean confessed. “Ana is… I’m going to let her explain this herself, but she’s invaluable. It couldn’t hurt to have someone else get more involved, though. I love my crew and most of them can really fight, but it’d take too long to teach them how to write and read.”
Dean was looking at him oddly and Castiel frowned until it suddenly dawned on him. That was not how he’d planned on saying it for the first time, but… Dean surely already knew that Castiel was in love with him?
It clicked. “Oh, hah. Well, I had one of those and I gotta say, it made me hungry for more.” Castiel turned to face Dean, holding the bowl in one hand and whipping the eggs with the other.
“Ooh, finally I get the respect I deserve again. Thank you, Dean.” Castiel grinned. “I’m glad you’re being a
They’d reached the exit of the building and Dean insisted on going out first, gun raised. He looked up and down the street, scaring a late night pedestrian into running off in the other direction, but all seemed to be quiet.
Castiel sighed, leaning back a little. He would ask to get the picture but he wasn’t allowed a smartphone. And he wasn’t dumb enough to hide one. Especially right now. It helped that he also couldn’t afford a good burner phone.
They still didn’t seem too convinced, so Castiel decided to add a little guilt and mention his Zoom. He addressed Dean specifically. “Unless you want to dress up as my sex kitten and parade around my screen for my students next time…” Castiel trailed off when he noticed Jimmy’s raised eyebrows and Dean’s sudden flush. He groaned. Wrong tactic. “You would, wouldn’t you? Forgive me for forgetting about your exhibitionist kink for a second.”
As soon as Sam had left, Castiel started undressing Dean, throwing the drenched clothes behind him. “You’re a goddamn idiot, you know that? Always jumping head first into danger,” Castiel scolded, but had to admit to himself that it was part of Dean’s charm.
So after a restless night, receiving a call from Dean’s number that was actually Castiel was putting him at ease a little bit. And when they left the apartment complex walking towards him hand in hand, Jimmy was equal parts happy, jealous, and relieved because this probably meant Anael had just been checking on the bugs while Cas hadn’t been home or something. Still didn’t explain why she did that herself, but he’d surely soon find out.
A part of him wished he could keep Dean down here for his next lesson and use him as a cockwarmer. But he knew he‘d be punishing himself with that most of all, because he‘d once again be too distracted to focus on his poor students, even if he had no doubt Dean would stay perfectly still. Just having him near was distracting; even after all the time they‘d been together, Dean was a shining beacon demanding his attention.
The message popped up on his screen and Castiel frowned. What the fuck? He quickly executed a delete history command and closed all his tabs minus one just as the doorbell of The Good Bean jingled, announcing a new customer. Castiel didn’t turn around to check who it was but sure enough felt a shadow fall over him a minute later.
“Yeah, speaking of that…” Dean subtly nodded towards the coffee maker that had finished brewing a few minutes ago.
“I’m way too sick to eat,” Jessica replied, wrapping her arms around herself. The other two just shook their heads.
“Because you had gotten so mad at me,” he explained. He hadn’t wanted to piss off another perceived friend.
“Hey, what the fuck?” Dean protested, about to pick another from the tree, but Castiel dragged him towards another tree that also had fruit, but a different kind. This time, Dean stayed back and let the alien pick it first. Analyze it, he realized.
“Professor Novak? Are you ok?” One of his students asked, and Castiel couldn’t even tell which of them it had been. He focused back on the camera and found twelve pairs of eyes staring at where he was probably showing up on their screens. At least nobody was looking directly into the camera and thus right at him. He swallowed.
Cas shrugged. “Yeah. Kept me out of jail. Actually helped me out of my funk when I first got out, too.”
Sam had to pry the sword out of Dean’s still-clenched hands, then he and Castiel helped Dean towards his quarters. Thankfully the crew was mostly still in hiding, because Castiel doubted Dean would appreciate being seen looking this weak.
Once in Dean’s quarters, Sam dumped him on the bed and then excused himself, telling Castiel to call him if he needed any help. “We did it, Dean,” he whispered to his brother, before he left. “He’s dead. You did good.” Dean slowly seemed to be more responsive and he returned his brother’s gaze. “You made her proud.” Dean smiled a little at Sam’s parting words and then slumped back onto the bed.
Dean woke up some time later, still safe in Castiel’s arms. Castiel was looking at him, his face brightening when he saw Dean was awake. “How long have you been awake?” Dean asked, resisting the urge to untangle himself and stretch and just get some distance.
“Her dad,” Cas clarified. “After all these years, to find out who set me up and why Odin helped me…” He sighed. “Or maybe it was all a long con and she figured it would be easy to blame things on me again. Even easier now with my prior conviction.”
Ana shook her head, cradling her injured arm. “I’ll be fine,” she muttered and Castiel could swear there was a faint golden glow coming from her arm. Hopefully it wasn’t the poison still injuring her further.
Some tour clichés were great, Dean thought to himself, lying on the grass and looking up at the sky, inhaling from a fresh joint his new buddies had just produced. He took another deep drag, smiling to himself, before he was ready to share. However when he focused back on his surroundings, he realized the others had suddenly left. The one person standing in Dean’s line of sight instead was no other than Castiel himself.
A deep rumbling coming from the ground literally shook him out of his thoughts. He quickly knelt down, placing a hand in the soil to attempt to determine if they were in danger. But as soon as it started, it ended again. He looked up at Dean, who said something involving the words “you” and “too”. Castiel didn’t catch the rest, but he thought he understood. .
“They have no way to reach me in here,” Dean explained. This was Castiel’s fault for not allowing cell phones. And he hadn’t thought to ask for Henriksen’s before he had left last night.
“Of course. I’ll protect you.” Dean got up as well, puffing his chest. That was his job. It was time to actually do it. “You got a bag I could use?”
All in all, they really were a smart species, and Dean was glad their daughter apparently had enough of Castiel’s DNA to reap all the benefits. She could heal Castiel, and was growing up so quickly they would be able to take her along on their trips soon. As it was, Dean and Cas still took turns, deeming it too dangerous for her yet. She was just too curious, touching everything. If she got snatched up by the vines, or had a run in with one of the boars,  or those tentacle monsters pulled her under in the river...
Dean didn’t need further encouragement and sat down to let them tell him all about their plan to take down Odin. He didn’t even understand half of it, but he nodded along anyway. At some point, a window popped up on Dean’s laptop, which Cas was currently using and he looked at the screen.
By the end of July Dean had finally accepted Cas’s words and with all hopes of a relationship dashed, he didn’t feel as weird about casually touching Cas anymore. So he didn’t have to awkwardly force it, and they were finally back to their casual intimacy from the beginning.
“Just call if you need anything, ok?” She assured him. “I’m only fifteen minutes away. If the walls start caving in on you, call. We can meet outside. Balthazar doesn’t have to know.”
“Yes. Why do you think I was on a juice cleanse?” Dean took his hand away and rolled his chair so Castiel’s hand fell off his thigh as well. “Now if you’ll excuse me, I have some work to do.”
Castiel dared to walk closer to the railing and looked down, seeing smoke come out of the wound before the Kraken dipped it under water and it stopped. “That!” Dean exclaimed. “We gotta keep doing that.”
He wanted to hear more about Dean’s meeting, but even more than that, he needed to reconfirm that Dean was
“Oh, Dean,” Castiel breathed, giving him the softest look and it seemed like he was holding himself back from leaning in again. “I’ll accept, until you can find the courage to be this for yourself.” One injured hand wrapped, Castiel cupped Dean’s cheek. “I want you to be good
The next morning had Castiel collect eggs, then peel potatoes again. After feeding the chickens, he had a little free time, so he explored the bridge. He was still on the lookout for a harmless idiot to give him intel, but whenever he tried to chat someone up, he got a glare in return and was told they were busy. Wary of strangers. Castiel got that.
Either way, Dean brought the blanket up over the both of them close to the fire, and even though Castiel wasn’t shivering, he’d still allowed Dean to gather him up in his arms again. And they slept closely entwined once more.
“So there really is nobody? Nobody at all?” Charlie stressed again, shifting and stretching so his eyes fell onto her Buffy collection. And… oh. If he was correct, Illyria used to be Tara before and Queen of Moondoor prior to this. And wasn’t that the LARP Charlie had tried to drag him to once?
Castiel decided to take him literally, because he had a point. “You’re right, Dean. I should guide you more. My apologies.” He placed his hand on Dean’s lower back to make sure he was in a straight bend and then walked behind him. “In,” he took a deep breath. “And out,” he let out his breath and took position behind Dean.
“You named them?” Castiel asked, dumbfounded. “These beasts were about to claw my eyes out!” He very reluctantly holstered his gun. It wasn’t actually his gun. It was a shabbier version befitting a pirate, not his beloved, thoroughly cleaned, Navy-issued piece. Though in the end, they both shot bullets, so it would do.
Jack appeared and the table fell silent, awaiting his orders. Castiel smiled. They revered him. Jack was still reluctant and it was clear to Castiel when he let Amara take over. This was not one of those times.
“Oh,” Castiel sat down in the chair across from Dean and opened the bottles. “I wasn’t aware that was your name on top of the building.”
Odin turned towards him. “Did you ever make an effort?” Her hands were hidden in the pockets of her coat ever since she entered and Castiel suddenly was afraid that she had a gun this time and this was going to end badly.
Grumbling to himself, Castiel went to get his blend for Dean. He was too good at mixing those teas. The detox had obviously worked wonders. He poured Dean a mug and watched him with a raised eyebrow, daring him to complain. But Dean just met his gaze over the rim of the mug and dutifully drank it.
“Saving water protects the environment,“ he mumbled, snatching the shampoo out of Castiel‘s hands and putting a dollop into his own so he could start washing Castiel‘s hair. Cas hummed happily and closed his eyes while Dean gave him a scalp massage. To thoroughly get all the product out, not because he felt like pampering Cas.
When they entered the hotel room, Dean didn’t know if he should laugh or be creeped out. Maybe he should start by saying the suite, because there was a couch area, a kitchen nook, a separate large dinner table and he hadn’t even seen the bath or bedroom yet. The thing was, there was also a bottle of champagne in a cooler, a dinner set up with fancy silver plate covers - and a lot of rose petals strewn across the room, leading the way to the bedroom.
“We’ll see.” Castiel got up, still surprisingly limber considering how stiff Dean felt. “Goodnight, Dean.”
“To collect it. But not to install anything on it once we realized it was clean. Because we’re still the FBI. Can’t just go and illegally spy on you.” Jimmy tapped his fingers against the mug. “We’re not the CIA.”
“Come on. I have a different job for you.” Dean led him back to his private quarters and Castiel could tell that Dean was still sore from his injuries by the way he held himself and how he was just a little slower than before. But he hid it well.
“I need him to trust me and think I’m a swell, well-meaning guy, yes.” He raised his head. “Why? You jealous?”
“Thank you for allowing me to take care of you.” Castiel said, bowing in front of Dean, like it was an honor for
“Don’t be stupid.” Guy Two reached for the other’s arm to hold him back. “We have to work together. Please. We can help each other.”
He’d have to make sure to go to the community dinner himself later, at least to open it and explain himself, but for now he just wanted to get back to Dean. Castiel felt inexplicably guilty for his suffering. - It was Castiel’s fault, but it had been a long time since he’d felt
Castiel shrugged. “It’s double research. I study my specimens and Balthazar studies me. He’s a fellow professor and is going to see if prolonged isolation is going to make research more effective or if it’s eventually counter productive.”
He was surprised when Castiel collected various thorns and vines, stripping those down to their fibers once they were back in the cave. But it all made sense when he started to rip apart the fabric they’d carried over from the ships and stitch it back together.
“It’s not disgusting. It’s more healthy than that mass manufactured trash normal people use.” Castiel shrugged. “But yes. That is another reason why I use it.”
Castiel laughed, pleased. “You didn’t have to prove that you actually ate it, but I appreciate it.” He smiled and cupped Dean’s cheek. “Well done. I am proud of you.”
“No,” Meg came into the office and casually leaned against the desk, marking her territory. “How can you be sure he’s not gonna turn us both in? You’re charming, but you’re not
“But Dean… I don’t really know anything.” Castiel bit his lip. This was a conundrum. Of course he knew things, but… not as far as Dean was concerned.
Castiel gave him a look like he was insane and Dean passed his hands through his hair. Alright, then. Dean had stopped fiddling with the clothes and apparently Castiel was ok with how they were now, because he didn’t say anything. He just panted and groaned like he was in pain. Dean wanted to help him, but aside from trying to rub his back, he had no idea what else to do.
Sam let out some kind of snort and Dean chose to interpret it as a sound of pain. Castiel’s fingers still hovered close to Dean’s forehead, but he conceded and turned towards Sam instead, healing him quickly.
Dean watched their daughter run around in front of their cave chasing a butterfly, which he prayed wasn’t poisonous. They hadn’t spotted any of them up here before now, but maybe they just hadn’t paid as much attention as Mary did to all of their surroundings.
Castiel interlaced his fingers with him and practically dragged him back. Once the door behind them had closed and they were in private, Castiel used the momentum to crowd Dean against the door. He cupped his cheeks with both hands and held him still before leaning down for a bruising, hungry kiss.
They stayed just like that, Castiel wrapped around Dean and Dean casually petting him, until Dean could feel himself doze back off. He woke up again when Castiel untangled himself and rolled out of bed. Dean frowned unhappily. “Time to go?”
Castiel’s mood improved even further when he spotted Dean all the way in the back, having hidden behind the participants but obviously having watched at least part of his session. He slowly made his way through the small crowd, making sure to bless a select few with a fleeting touch to keep them happy, before he finally arrived before Dean.
Castiel turned to look at Dean and saw him smile dopily. “Why is it called ‘dog’ though? You look way more like a cat, especially enjoying the sun like that,” Dean asked.
“Thank you,” he said in his language and placed a hand over his heart. Then he rolled over onto his side and curled up, meditating until he’d found a peaceful place in his mind and eventually drifted off to sleep.
“No wait,” Dean protested, not quite ready yet to lose the connection, much as it had overwhelmed him. “Stay.”
Dean’s lips curved in a small smile. “You too, Cas.” Dean mirrored him, also cupping Castiel’s cheeks. “I couldn’t bear to watch you walk away without me. So please, wherever you go, take me with you.”
Dean shrugged. “Saving that for when you dirty me up again after lunch.” He winked. “If I wash my hair too often, it’s gonna get too soft. Especially with your inferior product.”
Castiel snorted. “I’m gonna turn you into a believer yet.” He pressed a kiss to the side of Dean’s head before they brushed their teeth together, then he enticed Dean to get in the shower with him. Though he didn’t need much convincing to join in.
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel finally greeted him with a grin, all his doubts gone. They clasped hands and Dean shouldered the duffle bag. Then they walked out of the airport shoulder to shoulder, touching as much as they could. It slowed them down and probably made for a funny walk.
He growled, just imagining this and lapped more vigorously. Castiel started squirming, so he did his best at holding him down. “Oh fuck, Dean,” he cursed, but tried to stay still.
He splashed some water in his face and sighed. “I wish I could take a bath. Maybe I should. Do I stink, Cas? You’re the one who has to spend time with me.” He smirked at Castiel and chuckled when he just cocked his head in reply.
“I’ll make sure you do,” Castiel promised, having Dean move a little further to the end of the mat. “Ok. Feet apart a little more and then I need you to bend forward. This time not touching your toes, but the mat, about here.” Castiel moved and pointed.
“Promise.” Cas straightened up and added more lube before he finally allowed himself to sink into Dean—while looking straight at Jimmy, who had returned. It was a struggle not to close his eyes, because no matter how stretched out Dean was, or how many times they did this, it always felt wonderful.
“Right,” Dean repeated. Now feeling appropriately stupid, he continued to make Jimmy’s coffee. Because that’s all he was good at. Making coffee and baking pies. Meanwhile both Jimmy and Castiel were so far out of his league, he definitely couldn’t just follow Jo’s advice.
Dean started to bind the branch to Castiel’s leg with the torn strips of shirt. “A make-shift splint?” Castiel didn’t recognize the last word, but that explained why he was so confused. It must show on his face, because Dean frowned at him. “To keep your leg straight while it heals?”
“The hell? I would know if I was being drugged,” Dean snapped back, but then he remembered just how out of it he’d felt after a few days on the Farm and how much better he’d gotten once he’d stayed at Castiel’s place. How much his mind had cleared up…
“Yeah, Dean,” Castiel encouraged him. “Use me to get off. Just like that.” He placed a hand on the small of Dean’s back to steady him and then leaned forward, following Dean down and ducking his head to kiss and suck on Dean’s nipples.
Dean snorted. “Alright, I hear you. Addict.” He moved away from the wall and interlaced his fingers with Cas’, only letting go when he had to banish him behind the counter while Dean prepared his Americano.
“Maybe. Didn’t want to take my chances. I couldn’t be sure you’d truly found another ally.” Sam looked at Castiel with a smile.
It took his brain too long to realize that Jimmy had actually said this out loud and it wasn’t just his own thoughts. And when he realized that he fully believed him, Castiel finally allowed himself to cry.
Dean shook his head, squeezing them closer. His fingers were twisted in the bedsheet because he feared he’d scratch Castiel’s back raw if he let go.
Castiel finally turned back and focused on making his scrambled eggs and frying the bacon. Dean decided to take pity on him and just silently watch him move about, not distracting him further. He was getting hungry himself as well and that bacon smelled amazing. It had been a long, long time since he’d allowed himself pork, but he wasn’t even hesitating when Castiel placed it in front of him. It was one of the food items he missed the most.
Castiel rubbed his thumb over Dean’s bottom lip to stop him and then wrapped his arm around him, pulling him into his side. “I guess. I’ve never done this before.” And Castiel had said what had been bugging him the most. Dean should know that he had a choice. Just because Jimmy and him had a past, didn’t mean they had to pick it back up now.
Mildred brought them their tea again, winking at Dean. “Hey, Cas?” Dean asked softly, trying to respect the rules to not talk too much at dinner. But he had to ask this now.
Castiel nodded and got him a duffle bag. Dean stashed the tea and then followed Castiel down the empty hallways until they’d reached the office. “I don’t know how this works,” Castiel whispered. “But you stay here and… whistle if something happens?”
Once he’d made it and felt the sunlight directly on his face again, he breathed a sigh of relief. Not only would he need both legs to squat when the egg came, but he felt a lot better now that he would be able to grab her and run if need be. He realized that, so far, they’d been safe in this cave, but he should definitely not rely on it.
Sam looked a lot more amused than he should be right now, but he patted Castiel’s shoulder. “I’ll go to
Castiel was about to protest that he didn’t need cleaning, but then he remembered how fun their times under the shower could be. In any case, he’d get to soap up Dean and thus take more care of him. He would use every opportunity Dean allowed him for this.
“Oh.” He turned back towards Dean, suddenly a big grin on his face. “Baby!” He exclaimed loudly. “I’ve missed you so much!” Before Dean had a chance to react, Castiel had wrapped a hand around his neck, placing the other on his cheek, and pulled him in for a dirty kiss.
Dean yawned and sat up, stretching himself. It made his shirt ride up and Castiel couldn’t help but admire the strip of milky skin it revealed. “Did I miss something?” He asked sleepily.
The next morning, Dean was already awake and watching him when Castiel woke up again. “Hey,” he greeted groggily. “Sleep well?”
It worked and the kid scrambled. “Yes, sir. Sorry, sir.” Within minutes, Castiel had a new uniform. He felt a little bad for abandoning his pirate gear because by now he’d grown fond of it, and it was certainly a lot less stiff than this uniform, but this would grant him entrance to the jail.
blend, the one that kept them happy. Castiel noticed Meg refusing to drink hers and he frowned. Maybe she should start. She could use a little more calm.
He could feel Dean’s chuckles reverberate around his dick and it made him whine. Dean didn’t tease him for long, he went right to taking him deep, using just a hint of teeth on the upstroke before sliding his cock between those velvet lips again, all the way back down. Castiel could feel himself start to shake and buried his hands in Dean’s hair to get some semblance of control back.
“Why isn’t this working?” Castiel yelled, frustrated, as another one of his bottles only made the Kraken thrash harder.
Castiel closed his eyes and took a deep breath, trying to get rid of the throbbing behind his eyes. Now Dean definitely wouldn’t let him go on an expedition alone anymore. He smiled.
Once there, he didn’t start a discussion about the rose petals, he just pushed Castiel over to lie on top of them, enjoying the view for a few seconds, before Castiel beckoned him closer with a crooked finger. With a grin, Dean grabbed the lube and threw one of the condoms in their general direction and then crawled on the bed, positioning himself between Castiel’s thighs.
The girl’s face softened. “Oh. You were not lying. I can get behind that. It’s been way too long since Dean got laid, so I’m willing to give you a chance, provided you don’t shoot my friends.”
“I was hoping we could build a community center and additionally offer wellness classes and a few rooms for tourists to get more money in, which we’d directly give back to the people, of course,” Castiel explained.
He grunted and glared at Bass, who was working on securing the parameter. Thankfully, by now the overeager rookie knew better than to try and make small talk with him. He ducked under the police tape and entered the scene, catching his first glimpse at the corpse.
“So…” He frowned. “Why are you here?” This casual talking around the bush was making him more nervous. Which was probably the intention.
“It’s ok,” Castiel cut him off. After scanning their surroundings to make sure it was safe, he quickly leaned over to brush a kiss over Dean’s lips. “I’ll see you in a few minutes.”
Dean sat down on a high chair at Castiel’s kitchen nook, because he’d insisted on preparing breakfast for Dean without him helping. So far he’d gotten out eggs and bacon and Dean was part relieved that he wasn’t making waffles or pancakes and part disappointed. But he’d definitely regret those later. He could indulge in normal eggs for once.
Dean whimpered before he could help himself. Shit. He couldn’t do this. He couldn’t have this conversation like this. He quickly scrambled out from underneath Cas and sat up instead, making sure to keep touching Cas to let him know he was ok with the topic but hopefully he’d understand that Dean needed more clarity and not reply in the throes of passion.
By the time Castiel came back just wearing lounge pants, Dean had slid back under the covers. He perked up when he saw Castiel though, realizing that last night he’d been way too out of it to really appreciate Castiel shirtless. But now he looked his fill.
While Castiel was still twitching, cock still spurting a little come, Dean pulled off his condom and striped his own dick, coming all over Castiel, his come mixing with the last dregs of Castiel’s. Dean looked down at the mess, pleased with himself and swiped a finger through it before licking it clean.
. He kissed Dean softly to bring his point across. “I want to take care of you and I want you to just feel good.”
“Just wait till I get my hands on a computer. Or a smartphone. You’re dead. Buried.” Anael’s hair had fallen into her face when she was cuffed and she blew it out of her face angrily.
Which technically meant that now he’d be wanted just as much as Dean, once his superiors figured out what he’d done. Maybe even more so, because he was one of their own and his betrayal was personal. If Dean didn’t throw him overboard, he’d surely abandon him at their next port and then what?
“Seriously?” Castiel frowned. “I’m sorry he’s harassing you.” So far, Jimmy was always gone by the time Castiel arrived, but that kind of made it worse. He didn’t want him in his spaces. He definitely didn’t want him near Dean.
“Breathing,” Castiel explained. “In,” he repeated, happy to feel Dean follow him. “And out.” He moved his hands, cupping Dean’s chest instead and brushing up against his nipples, delighted to find them already hard. “In.” He rubbed. “And out.” He rubbed again.
“Ok,” Cas nodded, face flushed not only from the alcohol. Dean ruffled his hair before Castiel could swat him away and they both grinned at each other before they parted. Once outside, Castiel looked back in through the windows to watch Dean work for another few minutes before he finally made his way home.
“No,” Dean confirmed, noticing that the blue now took on an interesting glow as Castiel tried to hide a pleased smile. Ok, then. Dean looked down and smiled, as well, before he continued to sew a shirt.
“It’s not that far,” Castiel reasoned. He’d looked at non-extradition countries, too and Cuba aside, those were a little bit further away. But thanks to Dean, he wouldn’t need that. “I have a friend who’d let us stay with him. So we could see if we liked it first.”
After a few more minutes, Dean finally let go and reached for a few tissues, looking embarrassed. “Sorry, I just… I don’t understand why you’re so good to me. I don’t deserve it.”
“Minor seismic activity,” Castiel said in his native tongue, even though he knew Dean wouldn’t understand him. They should be fine, for now, but he’d have to keep an eye on it. If the quakes became more frequent, he would have to contact Anna as soon as possible and have her triangulate his position whether he wanted to, or not.
“No, I…” Castiel stopped himself, realizing he could be honest with Dean. “Yeah. But I don’t think I fully understood quite how much until just now.”
Castiel winked. “Yeah, I was thinking along those lines.” He leaned in closer, almost brushing Dean’s lips and hovering for a few seconds before he pulled back. Dean was left with his eyes closed, lips slightly parted, definitely expectant. But his face fell into a pout when he sensed Castiel had pulled back.
Castiel glared at Dean but took tiny bites of the food provided. It wasn’t the same as with the coffee. It tasted… not quite as bland as it usually did, but it was still underwhelming and disappointing.
Castiel looked at him for a long time without saying anything, seemingly contemplating his reply. “I am glad you trust me enough to be your caretaker and I am honored with the role. I take it very seriously. And as such I absolutely will have to decline your help with this.”
“Yes,” Castiel poked him in the side to get him moving, happy to find him in a playful mood. “We both are.”
Castiel stayed where he was for a minute, just looking at Dean and hoping he would change his mind, but then he gave up and went back to his own desk with a sigh.
“Oh no!” Dean is quick to reassure him, petting the pig’s fur but not taking him back. “It means he likes you.”
At that, Dean laughed. “Listen, Angel, you know HR ultimately decides on those. Which is a good thing, considering…” He pointed between the two of them.
He tried to touch Dean first, but Dean dodged him. Healing the both of them would leave him drained and he looked tired to begin with. “I’m good. Do Sam.” Castiel seemed taken aback and almost hurt and Dean wanted to kick himself. “Then you can help me the old fashioned way.” Castiel frowned in reply. “In my room. Where the bandages are,” Dean added.
“I’ll eat whatever you make,” Dean promised him, able to do so because he knew it would end up being scrambled eggs and bacon, and probably some toast.
“Protein shakes always work,” Dean suggested, leering at Castiel when he received a confused look in reply.
There was this word again. Sex. So Castiel had interpreted it wrong before, apparently. Weird. “Of course I know. We have a connection.”
sensitive. But he was a good boy and could keep quiet. Castiel was a little more concerned about Jimmy. And his own sanity.
Slowly, very slowly, Castiel pulled back. “Let me look at your hands.” He held out his own hand and Dean took it, getting up and following him to the bathroom. Castiel very carefully removed his bandages, wincing more than Dean himself whenever they pulled on his skin.
“I wasn’t…” Castiel felt a flush creep up his neck. Yes, he was. And he needed to cut it the fuck out.
Castiel was controlling the kiss, angling Dean’s head how he wanted it and it helped Dean to let go even further, just letting it happen and enjoying the ride - and all the touches he could sneak in himself. He slid out one arm and combed through Castiel’s hair instead. It was silky smooth and Castiel moaned into their kiss when Dean carefully scratched his scalp with his nails.
Dean blew out an audible breath. “Oh man, that’s hard. A lot of the bands I love don’t go on tour anymore. Tragedy of my life: I was born too late.”
Castiel put the soup down and was by his chair in a flash, grabbing a hold of the back of it and turning Dean around so he could hug him to his chest. “You don’t have to eat it,” Castiel quickly reassured him. “I’m sorry.”
Jimmy quickly fetched him a bottle and when Castiel held out his hand, squeezed some on his fingers. Not bothering to warm it up first, Castiel spread a liberal amount around Dean’s pucker until he could easily move the plug. He pulled it out and threw it on the bed, then worked more lube inside of Dean.
Someone clearing their throat brought him out of his reverie. Castiel startled and discovered he was standing right in front of the register and a very, very cute guy was smiling at him. He opened his mouth but got tripped up by green eyes and freckles.
Meg was awake and she was angry enough to worry Mildred. And Mildred had known Meg for almost as long as Castiel did, so that meant something. There were too many bad scenarios playing out in his mind and he was immediately trying to come up with fixes for all of them. But that meant he was so lost in his own head, he didn’t even realize Dean was with him still, until Dean placed a hand on his arm, making him jump.
There is that blinding smile from Castiel again and Dean basks in it. “That is actually a very nice thought. I’d love to see your hamster’s habitat.”
Dean frowned and walked a bit closer to take a peek, but then quickly backed off, himself. They stayed clear of that area and the rest of their collection effort went unbothered.
“Yes.” Dean shrugs a little. “That’s why I have to do all I can to give them the best life possible.”
Not daring to mess with the planks again, he walked a few steps back and started running, jumping to reach the ghost ship the same way Dean and Ana had. Thankfully he had enough momentum to land on the ghost ship. The ship itself proved to be solid, even if it seemed too close to the Impala to not be bumping into it. It was as if the ship was half solid and half not. He just hoped he could stay on the solid parts.
Jimmy got out his phone and thumbed through his gallery. Anael was extremely prissy about having her photograph taken, but early on in their relationship, Jimmy used to have a crush on her, so he’d snuck a few candids. Not ok behaviour, he realized that, but this way he didn’t have to log into the FBI database to access her official ID photo.
Castiel turned in Dean’s arms and wrapped his own around Dean’s waist as well. “My sweet boy,” he crooned. “I am truly blessed you found me.” He gave Dean a small kiss. “And I can’t wait to have you all to myself soon.”
“Maybe I need an extra session with you,” Kelly tried, answering Dean’s question regarding her motivation. “Do you think you might find the time, Castiel?” She batted her eyelashes at him and even played with a strand of her hair. “I could use your guidance. You’re always so wise.”
“Point taken,” Jimmy acknowledged. “I’ll reign it in.” He grabbed his coffee and cupcake and found a spot close to the window so he could people watch outside and inside of the coffee shop.
“Goddamn,” Castiel banged his head against the wall. “Don’t wanna stop now. Blow job still on the menu?”
He and Castiel carefully arranged the clothes around the egg, keeping it safe in its nest of clothes and then Castiel grabbed his hand, making him stand up and walk back to where they had been sleeping.
Dean let out an audible gasp but Castiel couldn‘t look at him. He heard the blood rush through his ears and started to feel ill.
Jimmy was waiting for Cas and Dean in front of Dean’s place after Cas had called him with a cryptic message. He was glad he’d called him first, because ever since last night, Jimmy had been in inner turmoil.
Castiel seemed to be processing. Dean wasn’t sure how, but he was learning English quickly. Dean would have made an attempt at learning Castiel’s language, but the grumpy alien just wouldn’t talk enough. And if he was honest with himself, Dean wouldn’t even know where to start, anyway. So far, everything Castiel had said had been one long, rumbling jumble of sounds. Dean wasn’t even sure if there were separate words.
Balthazar sighed. “You need ingredients for that. And god dammit, Cas. You should’ve let me teach you.”
Ana sniffed and turned away, focusing her suddenly spiked anger on Castiel. “You stupid idiot. Why did you not go below deck?”
A loud sound from the TV distracted him and he reached for the remote, switching it off. Suddenly he was assaulted with Jimmy and Cas very audibly moaning into their kisses and he wanted in on that. “Ok, stop,” he commanded and they broke apart, looking at him expectantly. “Join me?” He asked, patting the couch.
Dean nodded and got back on his feet, looking at Castiel’s haul. “Nice. You need me to carry some of that?” Again, he pointed and gestured with his hands.
“Do it!” Dean taunts. He knows the chances of him finding Cas are slim, especially because he has no idea how it works up there, but he will find a way. He owes it to him.
Dean smirked. Yeah, actually it did. It wasn’t even his fault, really. Before Castiel went back on tour, Dean had offered him a deal that if he felt the need to unwind, he had his permission to fuck other people on tour, as long as he stayed safe and told Dean about it. He didn’t necessarily want Cas to cheat on him, but he figured in the long run it would be better than being lied to, or Cas resenting him for harshing his style.
Dean smirked. He’d taught his angel well. “Very true.” He rolled over, settling between Castiel’s legs and buried a hand in his hair, tugging a little while he leaned in for a deep kiss. He loved Castiel’s unruly hair even more when their time between the sheets caused the spikes to be in disarray.
Castiel rubbed his stomach soothingly and watched Dean storm out. That did not go as expected. Sure, he was also surprised to wake up pregnant. Had he known they’d be compatible, he probably wouldn’t have initiated the DNA exchange the night before. But he’d been fertile and that always made him reckless.
Wouldn’t matter if Odin wanted him in jail though. He had no doubt she could track him. And she would definitely track Dean. But… now that he had him in his arms, Castiel really didn’t want to go without him. And what about Jimmy? He’d spent years doing ok without him, but… he hadn’t been lying to his brother. He’d fucking missed him.
“Cas, you got anything to restrain her with?” Dean asked, looking back and just ignoring her ranting.
Dean held up his rum in toast to that and downed it. Just as Ellen refilled his glass, a lanky guy had joined Dean’s side and Castiel silently cursed. He should stop watching and take action.
“No, thank you.“ Dean shook his head emphatically. He looked her up and down again. She was holding two glasses of what appeared to be rum and coke, going by the smell. “Shouldn’t you be out there then?“
The arrows found their target and the ship started burning. Castiel quickly realized that it was burning for real and not just flickering out of existence the way the big ghost had. Some of the crew realized this, as well, and they ran to the railing to check how close the Impala actually still was to the ghost ship.
Bobby nodded, arms crossed in front of his chest. “You single?” Dean confirmed, a little confused. “Gay or straight?”
“Please. Like you didn’t count on it,” Castiel replied and couldn’t help but zero in on Dean’s ass when Dean blatantly bent over to fiddle with his already-tied shoelaces. Castiel felt a little shabby in comparison, given his detective look, complete with a trenchcoat he’d pulled on because it would help hide his weapons.
Castiel started playing with Dean’s hair, because right now he still could. “If that had been my plan, I’d definitely cancel my wedding for you.” He wasn’t even lying. He’d never fit this well with anyone before. “I’m leaving. Tomorrow.”
The bitterness was pushed away by sheer fear when he thought of Mary. He only had one option available to him. Go face them head on and, if it was Michael’s people, let himself be captured before they ventured out to search the planet, discovering the cave and with it, Mary and Dean.
Ana was waiting to wrap Sam in a hug before she pulled away and looked Castiel up and down. “I hope you’ll get rid of those filthy rags soon or I’ll get creative with my knife.”
“Give a statement about what? A magical time piece that only the two of us saw, that’s now vanished and has no connection to your victim over there?” Castiel asked.
Castiel looked at him full of fake sympathy. “I’m sorry, Dean. So you have been a good boy and stayed in, just like I asked?”
“Sorry,” Castiel mumbled with his mouth still full. “I didn’t want to wait. I’m not sure how long my grace needs to erase the taste of food again, but… maybe we could find out with further experimenting?”
Dean huffed, stealing another kiss before he forced himself to lean back again. “I hate to ruin the mood, but… do you think you can get those books before I have to leave?”
Dean felt a lot better than last night. His headache was mostly just a dull throb in the background and his stomach felt queasy, but not like he needed to empty it. Hopefully he’d just need to put some food in it instead. Castiel’s tea blends apparently really did the trick. Dean shouldn’t praise him too much though or he’d have to drink what was basically flavored water all the time.
“Yeah,” Dean didn’t look very amused by his joke. “Too bad.” It came out flat and Jimmy really had to work for it here, huh?
“Yes.” Dean snapped a little too harshly. Castiel was a cute dork. A hard worker. And really smart. “Anyone should be happy to bring Castiel home.”
Everything after was a fever dream for Dean until the dream turned from nightmares to ecstatic bliss and he woke up feeling normal again the next day, Castiel sleeping soundly next to him. After rolling out of bed, Dean went to the kitchen to grab them both some coffee. He ran into his brother, who looked relieved.
As soon as Castiel came, Dean clenched around him once more and yelled out. Castiel had to bite his lip to keep his own noises down, enjoying the way Dean’s hole spasmed around him, milking him until his own legs were threatening to give out, as well. He pulled out and slumped face-first onto the bed next to Dean.
“Like that,” Castiel nodded, walking back to where Dean was bent and running a hand over his back. “But back straight, holding tension.” He touched his back and stomach at the same time to remind him of his core. “Right here. And breathe, Dean, you keep forgetting to.”
In the ensuing struggle, Castiel’s gag came loose and as soon as he could, he yelled out at Dean. “Dean! It was Cole. He’s just tried to shoot you.”
“What?” Dean stares, looks him up and down and gestures. “And Heaven gave you a beauty upgrade?” It doesn‘t make sense. Bobby was still old and grumpy. Then again. This was Dean‘s Heaven…
Castiel smiled at Dean’s rambling and it was such a beautiful smile. Dean could definitely see why everyone revered him so much. “Don’t worry,” Castiel said, once he’d shut off the water and carefully patted Dean’s hands dry. “I’ll talk to Meg. We’ll find a better place for you to contribute to the community.” He looked at Dean’s wounds and sighed deeply. “One that won’t hurt you.”
Dean woke up when the bed dipped and a hand landed on his forehead. “How’re you feeling?” Castiel asked him in a soft voice.
“No, I meant on the ship. During daylight. Am I still cutting potatoes and salting meat?” Castiel didn’t mention the chickens because that wasn’t a hardship.
“Man, I’m sorry.” Dean finally really looked at Cas and noticed how harrowed he seemed. When he noticed Dean’s exploring gaze, he quickly stuffed his hands into the opposite sleeves of his hoodie. But not before Dean spotted what looked a lot like bruises on his wrists. “Look… I know it’s none of my business, but…” Dean hesitated. “Do you have somewhere to go?”
Except Dean had chosen to save him. Maybe they were ruled by a tyrant? Castiel still remembered the dark decade when Lucifer had ruled over the Ceruleans and had tried to change their principles. Not only had he invested a large portion of the government’s funding into weapons research, but he‘d also started a televised fighting event, promoting the winners and insisting they wouldn‘t heal the losers. It was barbaric and thankfully his brothers had rebelled against him; after Lucifer was ousted, the next eldest sibling had claimed the position of supreme leader for himself.
“I’m sure they have enough to arrest her. You dug up a lot of evidence with Jimmy, and that hacker friend of yours should have come through, right?” Dean tried to reassure him.
Apparently another hunter had been tracking these two vampires and their license plate had just been registered in a parking violation two towns over. Since it was early in the day, the vampires would be hunkered down. But the other hunter was too far out to reach them in time.
Dean rubbed at his eyes and when Castiel loosened his arms, he rolled away to stretch his whole body, wriggling in bed until he felt fully in his own skin again. Cas had a way to make him forget and feel like he was wrapped up in a peaceful bubble. “How long was I out?” Dean asked.
Castiel didn’t waste time, swallowing Dean like he was starving and Dean was his only source of liquid. He licked and sucked and when Dean looked down, Castiel was looking up at him, messy mop of black hair in disarray, big blue eyes shining, his perfect lips stretched around his cock. Just like in the song. Partially, Dean was sure he was actually dead right now. This could not be real. So he should make the most of it.
Castiel focused on Mildred, who was pouring his tea. He folded his hands in a prayer like manner and bowed his head. “Thank you, Mildred.”
Cas had stopped typing but when he turned to Dean, thankfully his gaze softened again. “It’s an underscore, so a low key. I just added the Y to make it more clear.”
Castiel nodded and petted him again. “Good boy. That’s what I thought.” No reason for him to suffer unnecessarily. “Jimmy, get me more lube.”
Castiel managed to twist his hand on their next few thrusts and this—along with the simple command—were enough to push Dean over the edge.
At no point had he forgotten that Dean was in the room watching, and at no point had he wished it was just him and Jimmy. The night had gotten even better when Dean and Jimmy also seemed to hit it off just fine.
Castiel turned his mug around in his hand and inhaled the steam pensively. “Should I… prepare the others? Will you get a heads up when they arrive? I would rather avoid any kind of incident.”
Finishing his coffee, he decided to call it a day in here and do a deep dive on the owner of The Good Bean.
“Yeah, it was just… I had to call in a favor and it was intense,” Dean replied, but didn’t elaborate. Instead he took off his shoes, jacket and pants and slid into bed. Castiel did the same, still only clad in his towel. Then he inspected the cups he’d put on the nightstand. “I hope you like chai latte?” Dean asked. “I’m afraid I don’t have any tea at home.”
Castiel growled, nostrils flaring and they both stared at each other. “You’re fucking infuriating.” Castiel accused, eyes narrowed into slits. Dean licked his lips, his gaze dropping to Castiel’s lips and oh, he’d never noticed just how plush and chapped they looked up close. Maybe…
They had fallen into a nice routine. Dean was unexpected, so Castiel had to be strict with himself to not slack off at work too much. A first for him. He’d tried to chat with Dean during the time he had reserved to go out and watch the penguins, but when Dean found out, he’d stopped chatting, scandalized, and told him he was definitely not cute enough to distract from penguins. Cas begged to differ, but Dean had a point.
“Not if you keep this up, I won’t.” Dean pretended to scoff in disgust, but he was pretty sure his grin still came through.
In the silence that ensued, both men stared at each other. “Commander Novak?” the Admiral finally asked. They could still hear gunfire from a bit further down, and both men’s heads swivelled towards the sound.
Now it was Castiel’s smile that faltered. He still had so many secrets. But he would like to be ‘Cas’ from now on. He nuzzled into Dean and peppered his face with kisses, changing the mood back to playful. Once Dean was laughing again, he kissed his lips, slowly ramping it up to deep and dirty.
Castiel knelt down on the bed where Jimmy had been before and stroked and petted Dean until his shivers had subsided a little bit. “Shh, shh, baby. I’ll give you your reward, just as promised. You earned it. So good to me.”
Castiel decided not to read too much into it, but he picked up the bowl, pressing it into Dean’s hands. “Eat,” he ordered, waiting until Dean had picked up the spoon and tried a little bit. “I hope pho is ok? I’m not too sure which foods you like?”
Dean nodded and gave him a quick, closed mouthed kiss before rolling out of bed. “Well, alright then, sleepyhead. You can join me in the shower.”
The meeting wasn’t going as planned. Castiel was just supposed to show up and be intimidating. He was not supposed to actually
“No,” he repeats stubbornly. “Not if…” Dean swallows his pride yet again. This really is the last straw. After Jack, there is no one else to help him. “Not without Cas.”
Castiel started eating his fruit and moved a little closer, relieved when Dean held out one arm and he could move into his side. As soon as they made body contact, she was glowing happily again and Castiel knew they’d be ok.
Dean had also turned more tactile, touching him constantly when they were together. And they exchanged DNA more frequently now—Dean called it kissing. Castiel had tried to explain that he couldn’t conceive again, but Dean had just frowned and waved him off. It wasn’t unheard of for [Castiel’s people] to remain affectionate even without the task of procreating, but Castiel was still pleasantly surprised.
“Hey, Cas?” Dean asked, wriggling until Castiel loosened his arms, letting Dean turn around to face him.
Castiel smiled and kissed him softly, then let go of one hand so he could ruffle Dean’s hair instead. “Remember what I promised you? Are you good or are you out?”
Castiel whistled and was even nice to Meg when she came to join him after he was done with the important things and pretended to check the finances and google a new type of legacy apple they could grow to gain more local support and larger sales. Of course, he would no longer be here by the time any sapling even grew roots, but Meg didn’t need to know that.
“No more bacon for you. Noted,” Castiel teased him, trying very hard not to think about how Dean had been drugged at the time. The one thing he could never tell him.
Jimmy made a dismissive gesture, like it was nothing. “What we can do though, based on the tape we have, Anael’s verbal confession and me using all the favors I had, is get you off parole and scratch all sanctions effective immediately.” He reached into his coat’s pocket and got out an iPhone. Brand new, still wrapped.
“Didn’t help me so far,” Dean gestured towards the toilet. Castiel didn’t explain how, yes, this was part of the quick detox Castiel had been aiming for and Dean should thank him, but that would require telling him what was actually wrong with him in the first place.
Dean licked his lips before taking another drink and Castiel bit his lip. Why did he have to be so damn handsome, on top of brave? This was definitely not the ruthless pirate he thought he’d help capture. “I might have an idea about that.” Dean gestured towards Castiel’s rum and after he took another drink, Dean topped their glasses right back up.
They quickly took cover and returned fire. Cole pushed Castiel down into the dirt before pulling his gun, as well. But to Castiel’s great horror, he took aim at Dean, instead. Castiel pushed himself up and launched at Cole, knocking the gun out of his hand.
when he fell completely in love or if it was Castiel’s expression of pure joy when he saw Dean’s hamster habitat or when he pulled out an actual notepad to scribble down what Dean tells him about preparing the wood and which chemicals to definitely avoid. But he ends up actually helping Castiel build his pig pen and he home delivers Castiel’s three new flat mates once it’s done - and then stays the night to make sure they settle in smoothly. Because he really cares about animals. No other reason at all.
He could hear Castiel’s soft chuckle though and soon enough the compress was placed on his forehead and Castiel tucked the water in next to Dean under the blanket. “Make sure you drink more,” he ordered.
“I know your brother hurt you a lot. And I would definitely not put you in a situation where you’re uncomfortable just to… fulfil one of my dirty fantasies,” Dean said before he rubbed his hands over his face. This conversation made him squirm. “And we’ve only just started… being us.” He gave Cas a meaningful look. “I don’t want you to think you’re not enough.”
While they were watching, Dean and Castiel were sharing the sofa and Charlie had curled up in her armchair. The both of them just kept naturally migrating closer and closer until eventually, Dean had snuggled into his side, legs pulled up on the couch and before Castiel knew it, Dean’s head was in his lap.
Dean perked up. He hadn’t actually gotten around to googling it yet, since he’d kept getting distracted. “Are you allowed to tell me?”
Early the next morning, they lay entangled in the sheets, the vial of oil they’d been using having fallen down to the floor at some point. But neither of them had the energy to get up and get it right now.
Maybe he should sneak away once they’ve docked. Try telling his supervisors what he’d learned and get Dean off the wanted list. But fighting sea monsters didn’t change the fact that he was flying the pirate flag, and Dean had had quite a few altercations with the Navy, even sinking a few ships.
“But what if you get sick? What if… if the abominable snowman attacks you when you go collect more samples?” Dean questioned.
Their next few days passed by pretty uneventfully. Dean grilled more of the boar’s meat and stored it in the coldest part of the cave, but it had only been good for another two days. They dragged the rest of the carcass back into the forest before it could fully rot, fearing that the growing smell would definitely attract scavengers to their location. The pelt was still drying and Dean left it to Castiel to take care of it. He regularly checked and seemed to know what he was doing.
She stood up and put her hands into the pockets of her coat and Castiel honestly thought she was going to pull out a gun. He took a hasty step back and banged into his door, the doorknob hitting him just wrong and making him hiss in pain.
Rolling his eyes, Castiel held out his hand for Dean to come join him instead. “Come do yoga with me, Dean.”
Dean leaned back a little. “You ok there, Special Agent Novak? If you uncuff me, I can perform mouth to mouth.”
They had decided on starting a rewatch of the Lord of the Rings movies, Castiel and Charlie overruling Dean who didn’t care too much but really just wanted something with Harrison Ford. As a compromise, they’d do Indiana Jones and then Star Wars next.
“Yeah, right. The FBI is surely gonna close their investigation if one of their agents decides he likes the cult so much he’s gonna join.” Meg threw up her arms. “Get a fucking grip, Clarence. Have your fun with him while you can, then chew him up and spit him out like we’d originally planned. He definitely can’t stay.”
Dean just nodded, fingers itching to touch, to see if he could calm him down. But he still had his encore to play and Dean didn’t want the tiger to snap and kick him off his tour. The rest of the band chose that moment to come back, sending him curious glances before they joined Castiel and prepared to go back on stage.
A moan found its way into Dean’s breaths and Castiel smiled, placing a kiss to Dean’s shoulder and rubbing his erection against his ass, letting him feel it.
Castiel flushed, remembering how looking at Dean had kept him strong for a while. Was that why they lured men? Was it easier if you were sexually attracted to them? And that’s why Charlie and Ana were safe? But he didn’t hold out for too long, the lure had ended up being too strong, after all. He blinked, now very confused.
But even if Cas and Jimmy had actually slept together at some point, that didn’t mean they’d do it again now. Or would want Dean to join. And what did it say about his long-simmering crush on Cas that he was willing to throw a third person into the mix so soon? He was such a horndog. Jo was right. He’d always self-sabotage.
“Oh Jesus Christ.” Dean hid his face in his hands. But aside from the mortification, he was surprised that his heart was fluttering. So Castiel knew more about him than Dean expected and he still sought him out. In a way, they were on the same level. Having read about the other and connecting in person. He still wasn’t sure about their future, but this was… not a bad start.
Dean rolled his eyes, but Castiel startled a laugh out of him, forcefully turning him around again and placing his hands back on his hips. He slid them slowly up his body until he had forced Dean to raise his arms above his head.
“I don’t have a…” Castiel stopped when Dean’s snort was loud enough to be heard over the sound of oncoming traffic.
“What?” Castiel frowned when even Dean was looking at him with that fond expression of his. The one that said he didn’t get a reference. Growing up in a very religious household and spending a significant amount of time in jail will do that to you. It had been the start of their movie nights though and by now Castiel was well versed in anything that qualified as fantasy or sci-fi at least.
The maiden who had waved at him earlier now grinned, revealing sharp teeth, before licking her lips and starting a song. It was just so beautiful and melodic, Castiel felt himself more and more drawn to her. He tried to resist, but a little voice in the back of his head insisted that it was futile. They were mermaids. And they were
Castiel popped off and slid back down, getting used to Dean’s heft and weight on his tongue. It had been way too long since Castiel could indulge himself and he was a little out of practise, but going by Dean’s moans and the way he was shivering above him, Castiel still had some skill left.
“Fuck,” Dean cursed. “I’m gonna… go look for my wallet.” He vanished in the direction of the bedroom.
By the time lunch rolled around, Dean had finished his water and decided to try the community tea after all. Castiel had kind of opened his eyes to how good it could taste. After his first sip, he frowned though. It didn’t necessarily taste bad, it just tasted a little weird. And it definitely wasn’t the tea Castiel had been drinking at dinner.
Maybe this was all a sex thing and he should try pressing in more. Nobody in the bureau had to know that it would not actually be a hardship for Dean, sleeping with Castiel. That a part of him really, desperately, wished Castiel would take him up on his offer and make a few
“What?” Jimmy could feel a ringing start in his ears. He needed coffee for this. No, wait. He needed Whiskey for this. “When?”
Castiel mumbled something unintelligible and reached for the mug, moving just enough so he could ingest it. After a few minutes of tense silence, Castiel rolled over. “Naomi visited me again.”
They both pouted when Dean turned the water off and reached for the towels. “Maybe we should‘ve eaten those oysters,“ Castiel mused.
Castiel smiled at him again and Dean didn’t even know why he was telling him the truth. Or why he honestly felt like he was failing Castiel, personally. Weren’t there other people more important to Dean? Something tried to come forward from the back of his mind, but when he tried to picture someone, anyone else more important than the smiling God currently taking care of him, all he could see was Castiel.
“Saturday afternoon.” Dean scratched at his eyebrow. “Was easy enough. And I had a feeling I’d fail at picking my own lunch.”
Dean closed the bathroom door and leaned against it, breathing heavily, close to hyperventilating. Fuck. Fuck, fuck. If Cas was disappointed that Dean snuck out to get bacon, what would he say if he learned that Dean was lying about his whole life? Granted, some of the things he had revealed to him were true, like his whole backstory, his job, and his last
“Yes,” Castiel stated, then opened the container, revealing a chicken sandwich and some coleslaw on the side. “Don’t make me hand feed you while there’s still people around.”
. “Fuck.” Castiel’s orgasm overwhelmed him and he batted at Dean’s hand to let him go, quickly becoming too sensitive, too vulnerable.
“You’re cold?” Castiel put down his mug and seized the opportunity to wrap his arm around Dean, pulling him closer.
“Yes,” Castiel agreed, picking up his cup and taking a sip. “I’m allergic to peppermint and it’s in the community tea.”
Castiel let out a low rumbling growl and Dean looked down, smirking at his plate. A very tiny voice in the back of his head tried to scream at him that this was a very bad idea, but he was enjoying himself too much, so he chose to ignore it.
Dean started at him. “If this is… magic related…” He ground out the words like it physically hurt him. “You’d be a valuable resource.”
“Would you have welcomed me back?” Jimmy asked, voice wobbling a little. Years and years of childhood conditioning almost made Castiel feel bad for him. Almost.
By the end of the day, Castiel couldn’t taste the coffee anymore. Dean was still protected against injuries. But they didn’t find any significant leads.
“It can wait. Let me help,” Castiel pleaded. The other sailors were eyeing him warily. Ana came to join the group, as well.
“I am in cyber crime. I can do that from anywhere,” Jimmy explained. “Well, anywhere with a cell tower.”
Dean was happy when the sun rose, because his fire had gone out sometime early in his shift and he was freezing. Hopefully they could keep that schedule, so Dean could get some sleep while the fire kept him warm and then, once the fire burned out, he’d definitely be awake for the rest of the night. He wondered how Castiel could sleep so well in the cold, but then again, different species.
Castiel stole another kiss, then he sat back in wonder, unsure if he’d got this right. “You’re really going to wait for me for three months? Even though we just met?”
“Please, Chaos,” Jimmy pleaded. “Let me help. Let me make it up to you.” He had stepped up as well, his arm leaning against the doorframe, trying to prevent Castiel from closing it.
Dean knew coffee shop etiquette required him to just sit down, ignore the other patron and do his thing and he really had to finish his paper, but… “I’m Dean,” he introduced himself.
It worked, though his leg still felt weak and wobbly. “Thank you, baby.” He patted his stomach and grabbed one of the longer sticks to keep steady while he slowly took a few steps to get out of the cave.
“But you were the one who kept going out, meeting new people, having… experiences without me.” Jimmy took a long drink, a few drops of beer running down his chin. But before Castiel could make a mistake, like lean over and take care of it, Jimmy had wiped it off himself.
“Take a boat,” Ana had caught up with him and led him over to the boats, to make sure the crew would let him leave. Castiel nodded gratefully.
But Dean just shook his head. Castiel tried to step back so he could look at him and read him better, but Dean still clung to his midriff. It was a little awkward, because he was still sitting in his chair, his legs framing Castiel’s.
The next morning he woke up with a massive headache, but assumed he’d probably not had enough water the day before. He downed a bottle before going to the kitchens to help with breakfast and took another for his morning there. Maybe he should’ve made other arrangements with Henriksen, because he wasn’t sure his supply would last until their arranged drop-off date.
“Yes,” Dean replied, but he could feel himself flush a deep shade of red. “For, uhm, for the cuffs.” He scratched the back of his neck, feeling awkward and turned to get them their coffees instead. And there was something else… Right. Cupcake.
But the second his mouth was full, Benny, who was sitting next to Dean, interjected, “Besides, if anyone gets dibs, it’s our Captain here.” He nudged Dean and Castiel almost choked on his rum.
“My ship not good enough for ya?” Dean gestured towards the Impala, which they’d almost reached. The other boat had already docked and the wounded were being helped up the ladder.
“Yes, I can see that,” Dean snarked back. “The fuck is it to you?” Speaking of mumbo-jumbo, here was the king. A self-proclaimed medium. Yes, he’d helped on a few cases and the Captain liked him. But sending him on Dean’s case was an absolute insult.
Keeping his eyes trained on Dean, Castiel circled Dean’s entrance with his index finger until he carefully slipped it inside to the first knuckle, letting Dean get accomodated. Dean tensed up at first, but quickly relaxed, letting Castiel slide in deeper.
working. “You got ten minutes to get ready. Afterwards, I’m leaving without you, and you’re going to bed without dinner.”
Before he could sneak out of the coffee shop however, Dean caught him by the door and wordlessly wrapped him up in a long hug. Castiel sighed into the contact and melted against him for a minute before letting go.
Jimmy shrugged. “Yeah, actually. Do you want to know how to delete the browser history off of your phone?”
If that was up to him. With a start, he realized that they couldn’t just stay on this planet forever, now. That would mean leaving Mary alone eventually, even if no accidents happened before they died of natural causes. And what kind of life would that be for her? Always just with her parents, no other kids her age.
Castiel pulled his hands away and took a step back. “Oh, o…” But before he could finish expressing his disappointment, Dean had taken a hold of his hands to keep him from retreating.
Dean scoffed. “Whatever. I know you remember everything. I’m not stupid and neither are you.” Dean gave him a look and Castiel gulped. “But you can read Latin, you said?”
“No fucking time, ok?” Dean yelled back. “Lighting up the mast will work. If the ship burns they’ll vanish with it.”
So with a heavy sigh, Castiel snuggled back in, decision to stay confirmed when Dean moved and wrapped an arm around Castiel’s chest, shuffling closer. God dammit. Could they not have met at any other time?
drugged? Dean sighed and turned around again. First mission, find water. Thankfully this planet’s atmosphere was survivable. So far, anyway, since he had woken up without his helmet and was still alive to freak out about it. The alien had still been wearing theirs, though, so…
Castiel raised his eyebrow. “We don’t have to. I’m good to wait.” Dean would have to demand, not phrase it as a question.
Castiel pumped his fist in the air like he’d just won something very important and led Dean to the living room where his yoga mat was already waiting under the window. He rolled it out and insisted Dean take it, then he took up a position opposite of him on the carpet.
“Oh,” Dean sat up straighter. “Listen, you don’t have to bother for me. If you want to go on your run and do your usual routine…”
“Your guess is as good as any.” Charlie shrugged. The kid’s body was unnaturally contorted but there were no scrapes or bruises to indicate a fall. The bruises might show up later though. They’d had to wait and see. “Might be a broken neck, but I can’t confirm until I’ve run some x-rays. For all intents and purposes, this body is in pristine condition.”
Dean chuckled. “You’re lucky you’re cute.” He glanced towards the back of the shop, then lowered his voice. “Ok, how about I’ll make you an iced coffee and a nice hot tea and you pay me for whichever drink you like best?”
“Do not.” Castiel flushed and busied himself with adding heaps of sugar to his coffee. He needed all the energy he could get.
Castiel hesitated. They should talk, but probably not here. “Ok.” It was nice to know Dean considered him one of the crew, though he still felt anxious and didn’t trust his words yet. Just a few hours ago, Dean had not believed him in the woods and had almost gotten killed over it.
Dean ruffled his hair, taking any contact he was allowed and then plopped down across from him. “I got the laptop back.” He held it up again, in case Cas had missed it in lieu of the panini.
The snake surfaced and jumped, seething at them through its fangs. Castiel realized what was happening first and pushed Dean out of the way before the poison landed right where he’d been standing, hissing against the wood but, thankfully, not causing it to dissolve.
For a being of his caste, it was highly unusual. He’d expected to have a mate chosen for him, one day. Well, not anymore—what with his recent, forced fall from grace—but when he had been younger. It probably wouldn’t have been him who conceived, though, because Ceruleans need a deep emotional bond to even be ready for conception and an arranged coupling rarely qualified, but it was easier for those who were female. So he’d always assumed he’d be the one to donate the DNA, not carry himself. Castiel was very grateful it all worked out the way it had.
“Jerks,” Sam replied and somehow it made both brothers smile. There were always nuances to their relationship that Castiel would never fully understand.
Jimmy smiled and placed a hand on his brother’s thigh, not squeezing, just keeping it there for a few seconds before he pulled back again. “Please let us work together to keep you out of jail this time.”
“What did you just say?” Castiel screamed into the camera, as if being loud would help with the connection. Instead he startled a few skuas who flew straight in his direction and made him lose his footing on the ice and next thing he knew he was lying on the ground with a pounding headache and Dean yelling his name.
Dean watched him through half lidded eyes and imagined where else those hands might feel good. But then he realized he was getting an erection and he was lying on top of the covers, wearing those stupid linen pants. He tried to surreptitiously shift, but of course Castiel noticed and it caused him to look down, gaze drawn to Dean’s movement and definitely noticing his hard-on.
Right now, Castiel was aiming for shelter, so they could maybe both get a full night’s rest. Staying awake half the night to keep watch was starting to wear on him and he knew Dean could feel it, too. He was always more alert on days after Castiel had helped him sleep. They needed to be alert to fish and hunt effectively.
And the look on his face, when Dean had kissed his forehead before leaving. Dean smirked. At least his brain had worked enough for that.
“That’s just a Y,” Dean prodded. He really did want to understand this better, especially now that him and Cas were… Undefined. But planning to run away together just last night. So… Maybe they skipped a few steps.
Dean gave him a crooked smile. “Sorry, buddy. I don’t know how it works on your planet, but have you never broken a bone before?”
Jimmy had already been hurt thinking Cas would leave him to become independent. He was way too ready to believe this, too. He’d been so stupid. And in the end, it had been him who’d blown up their bond. It definitely had been Castiel’s right to explore other options. See other people. Gain more independence.
Dean suddenly finds himself in what seems to be some kind of spa. There’s a small pool with milky looking water, steam rising from it. The whole place is decorated with green plants and flowers. The flowers remind him of the garden he met Amara in, back when he’d thought he had to blow them both up.
.” Castiel leaned in, kissing his cheek. “The only one I made one of my own blends of tea for, even.”
Dean blinks, trying to get his brain back into gear. But all it’s thinking is how much more beautiful the man is up close. The blue-eyed mystery man who is staring right back. And oh shit, this was starting to get awkward, wasn’t it?
He should have realized that sooner. This would just aid in his plans. “Dean?” Castiel softly interrupted him, waiting until the other man turned around with a happy smile on his face. “How would you like to work in the kitchens?”
“We gotta throw it at him. It should trap him, at least for a moment.” Sam looked out to the sea, behind them, his face suddenly lighting up. “Now.”
“Of course I do,” Jimmy quickly reassured him. “Oh, I forgot. I’ll also write you a letter explaining your situation, so you can show it to any future employer. Maybe get hired in IT?”
“Who the fuck…” Castiel paused. “Fucking Ruby. Still holding a grudge, I see.” Dean raised his eyebrow, waiting for more. Finally Castiel sighed. “One girl. I banned one girl. And Alaina was a vindictive bitch. Friends with Ruby, or so she claimed. But whenever Ruby couldn’t come, she shamelessly hit on Anna. All the while watching me. So I took her off the menu.”
“Oh,” Castiel shrugged. “Whatever. Just bring him by. Or tell Bobby and see if we have some time before the concert.”
“I’d say let me dirty you back up before, but I think I need more food first.” Castiel looked at his nightstand, wondering where he’d left his cell phone. Probably still in his pockets from yesterday. “How about pizza?”
Castiel raised his eyebrow at them but then focused back on the screen. “Ok, Emma. Please enlighten us.”
Bela snorted. “Please. The money was too good.” She changed her stance, though, and sighed. “But, Dean, I honestly just thought you’d go down for an art heist. Karma finally catching up to you. I never…” She trailed off. “Were they… kids?”
“Gotta trust you, huh, buddy?” Dean remarked, but took the offered fruit and bit into it. It tasted really sour and didn’t smell nearly as good, but whatever. As long as it was nourishment.
“I still haven’t fully forgiven Jimmy yet,” Cas went on to explain. “But I hope I can. I… I missed having my brother.”
Shaking of his musings, Castiel stood abruptly and held out his hand for the alien. He could get back to his thoughts once they had found shelter. Either way, he definitely wouldn’t be doing the council a favor by just dying on this mission.
After firing up a quick email to Chuck, Castiel made his way to the kitchens to collect some food for Dean’s dinner. He had arranged for someone to bring him up a light lunch earlier in the day. Maybe today, Castiel could get away with missing community dinner. If he was abandoning them all soon, he should try to wean them off of his presence slowly. Castiel was feeling benevolent, he should also try to wean them off of the drugs as well.
Mildred smiled cheerfully and pushed her way inside before Dean could even think to block the door. He’d been momentarily distracted by the plate she was carrying and the smell of bacon. “Figured you boys might be hungry, so I brought you some breakfast.”
Well, it was about as good an invitation as Dean was going to get. With a grateful smile he made his way over to the table. “Hey there,” Dean smiled. “Mind if I join you? It’s really crowded today.”
Ana turned it over, examining it. “Don’t let the ghost near it,” she instructed Cas, reaching for her belt and handing him her pistol. Then she knelt down next to Dean again, who was also keeping his pistol trained, and reached into her pockets.
“What chat program is that?” Dean frowned. It was just white text on a black background. If that had popped up while he was browsing, he’d have thought it was spam.
“Oh, now look who’s full of themselves.” Castiel pointed an accusatory finger at Dean. “If I just wanted to get laid, there’s at least twenty people on the other side of that door who would do it at the snap of a finger. Why would I work for it with you?”
In reply, Castiel just winked. “Alright, next position, bend over, back straight, touch the ground.”
The atmosphere between them felt strangely charged, all of a sudden, and Castiel decided to change the topic. “I’m almost done with this book. Do you have another for me to look into?”
“Not right now, you’re not.” Castiel felt emboldened tonight. When Dean gave him a sharp look, he shrugged. “Off the clock, remember?” He dug into the bag and got out his extra bacon cheeseburger, gleefully taking a bite, well aware that Dean was watching him transfixed. He wasn’t sure if Dean was jealous of the burger or intrigued by Castiel’s attitude, but right now, Castiel didn’t care for anything other than his meal.
Castiel shook his head as he was gently shoved into the bedchamber. There was a gorgeous four-poster with red velvet drapes. It was the only real luxury Castiel had spotted on the ship so far.
“No, I mean it,” Dean leaned back in his chair. “I do trust you. You’ve been pretty good to me so far.” Dean’s eyes widened and he flushed. “I mean…”
“Good boy,” Castiel praised him. “You’re doing so well for me, relaxing for me.” He rotated his finger and used his middle finger to tease Dean’s hole from the outside, murmuring more praise until he could slip his second finger in as well.
Castiel grunted, thrusting into Dean’s nimble hand. He’d been close before but would’ve been ok to let it simmer out. “Mmm, Dean,” he hummed, feeling his arousal quickly return to where it had been before.
When they were done eating, Dean leaned back in his chair and patted his stomach. “That was a good burger, but I think I‘m too full for strenuous activity now.“ Even though his cock was at half mast ever since Castiel had been moaning over his burger.
“I’m not gonna let him go alone,” Dean stated, as if this was obvious. Jimmy hadn’t realized just how serious these two were. But… didn’t they only just hook up last night? His jealousy increased. Should he follow? Go with them? Would that even be an option?
Castiel dared a glance back, as well, and was surprised to find a swarm of mermaids swimming towards them, their tails visible because they were swimming close to the surface now, more and more of them emerging. Did they… come to feast on more men falling overboard, or come to help? Sam seemed hopeful.
Jimmy smiled. That was actually… considerate of him. “Shielding my little brother from your depravities. Thank you for your service,” he saluted, looking at the coffee. He hadn’t actually ordered anything yet.
Castiel and Dean looked at each other and Jimmy noticed Dean squeezing his brother’s hand encouragingly. “Could you, uh, turn on your scrambler if you have it with you?”
Castiel pulled Dean in for another kiss and dragged him towards the bed. Dean grinned against his lips and turned them around at the last minute, pushing Castiel down on the bed and following to lie on top of him. Not to be outdone, Castiel buried a hand in Dean’s hair and placed the other on the small of his back. Then he hooked his legs around Dean’s and rolled them until he was on top.
“Alright,” Balthazar conceded. “You get some rest and then we’ll talk.” He hesitated. “And don’t worry. I’ll keep watch while you sleep.”
Castiel itched to feel more of Dean though and he slipped his hands underneath his shirt, pulling it up. When Dean raised his arms so Castiel could pull it off, he also used the momentum to bend Dean backwards, following him to kiss and lick at his chest.
“Good boy,” he praised, moving his hand back down to now wrap around both of their erections, stroking them together. “Very good boy,” Castiel added after a few thrusts.
Dean nuzzled into Castiel’s palm and placed a soft kiss to it. Castiel was balm to his soul, but he had no verbal way of expressing it. “You said you had plans?”
“Yes. There are no friends among hackers.” His mind flashed on Illyria, who he’d only known for a few months but had a strong suspicion had been around for a lot longer under different usernames. It was smart, actually. Keep others off your trail. Even if it meant a lot less credit.
“I keep trying to explain. I am tuned in to you. I know when you’re in danger. Thankfully for you by now I can differentiate between an adrenaline spike out of fear and one out of lust.” Balthazar explained.
Castiel groaned and closed his eyes. “Yes. Let’s not repeat it.” He tried to sit up but the movement caused sharp pain to spike down his right leg. Shit. He winced and tried to move it again, but it hurt so much, he was afraid it was broken.
“Set the sails and let’s get out of here!” Castiel yelled. He wasn’t sure if they’d actually dropped the anchor, but he trusted the crew to know to reel it in, first. The crew, however, just stared at him.
Dean’s lips twitched and he gave up trying not to smile. “Fair,” he conceded. “Don’t tell Jimmy, though.”
“This is my fault,” Castiel apologized. “I should’ve recognized…” he trailed off. “Sorry for all the teasing and then just stepping back. It was hard for me, too.”
“Yeah, about that…” Jimmy scratched the back of his head and Castiel sighed. Bad news were coming, he could feel it.
“I don’t want more powers, I want them gone.” Castiel glared. It was an old argument. “And look what’s happening right now. Someone is going around offing people with the gift. It would be way safer for me to be normal.”
It looked equal parts powerful and peaceful. And easy. “Why didn’t we start with that?” Dean asked, approaching him. “I can do that.”
“It’s fine, Cas.” Dean dumped the wood and sat down next to him. “If things were reversed, I know you would take care of me just the same.”
And Castiel looked really unsure in that moment. It was the final trigger Dean needed. He rushed forward, turning Castiel around and pushing him up against the wall. He leaned in for a kiss, hands roaming down his body until he could grab his thighs and hoist him up. Castiel half jumped in his arms, making it easier, but Dean still stumbled a bit, pushing Castiel back against the wall rougher than he’d intended to.
Dean looked crestfallen. Good. He should feel bad. If Castiel rewarded him now, Dean would never learn to be a good boy. While yes, Castiel wanted a partner, he wanted a partner who would
Castiel swallowed hard and looked at him again in that exploring way of his. Once upon a time, it would have warmth spread all through him. Now it just made him nervous. “Do you?”
“Hello, Dean,” he greeted in his usual way. At some point he figured out it made Dean’s smile grow more than just saying ‘hey’. And Castiel likes saying Dean’s name. It was such a nice name.
Castiel sighed and replied with a few more penguin pictures. He knew what Dean meant. They’d only spent a day together in person, so while he missed him a lot, it would probably be a lot more visceral next time. And he appreciated Dean’s efforts at coming along. Of course they would have to properly discuss this once Castiel was back in San Francisco. He didn’t want Dean to change his life around just to fit Castiel’s. If anything, they both had to give a little. For once, Castiel should stay put for at least a year.
Dean grinned, happy that he could affect Castiel so much, and reached back for the bowl of fruit, intent on being good and staying put until Castiel came back.
Castiel sighed. “It‘s not… it‘s not that I‘m ashamed or trying to stay in the closet. I just didn‘t want to risk a picture of the both of us clearly post sex.“
Dean noticed him looking and gave a subtle shake of his head before he pushed Castiel down on the bed unceremoniously and slid down to his knees in a fluid move that momentarily took Castiel’s breath away. Dean’s fingers flew to Castiel’s pants, deftly unbuttoning them and pulling them down to his ankles, leaving Castiel to fumble and kick them fully off while Dean was already back up and reaching into his boxers, getting out his cock.
, I want to be able to take my time and have you all spread out for me, preferably in a bed.” Castiel winked. “Though I guess the yoga mat would do.”
Castiel ended his session in a handstand, tilting his legs in various ways, and Dean could do nothing but stare. It wasn’t just amazing how long he could stay in the handstand, but he didn’t even wobble when he moved his legs. Castiel’s shirt had ridden up, exposing his belly and abs and with a jolt of jealousy Dean had to realize that he was not the only one staring. Quite a few of his students had given up on following Castiel’s poses and were just openly admiring him.
“Relax,” Castiel soothed. “Just adding more oil.” He did as such and went back in, first with two fingers, which slipped in easily by now. “You’re opening so well for me, my sweet boy.” He added his third finger again, in the mood to tease and not just stretch.
Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck. He went to his cabinet and got out a bottle of Whiskey and started drinking.
Rolling over further so he could look at Dean better, Castiel was intrigued enough to hear more. “Why would she make a deal with you? What does it entail?”
“But Dean, it’s a ghost ship. We have to,” Charlie tried to appease him. “It won’t cost us more than a few hours.”
Satisfied with his plan, Castiel went to take a shower himself and then made some dinner. It was only when he went to bed and set his alarm that he realized he had indeed missed another text from Dean. This one was just an emoji. The two pink hearts.
“Oh, Dean. You have no idea,” Castiel said, biting his lip. “You’re delectable. And I would love nothing more than to lock that door and show you a few more
“What do you usually eat on weekends?” Dean frowned. “Or do you sleep in and skip it?” It’s something he used to do at a different time in his life. It almost felt like a completely different life led by a different person at this point.
“If you say ‘be careful’ I’m going to take that coffee of yours and pour it straight out,” Dean warned.
“No,” Dean protested. “Too early. Let me have this for a few more minutes.” He cuddled into Castiel’s chest and placed a kiss on his neck, his arms wrapped tightly around him.
“I live on the third floor.” Castiel yelled, maybe a little hysterical right now. And his phone was back on his kitchen table. Fuck.
“I’m surprised he’s still in the bedroom. You didn’t have time to tie him up, did you?” Dean asked, having interlaced his fingers with Castiel’s after he’d gotten up.
After taking a long drink and refilling his bottle, Dean realized that Castiel had drunk a lot less than he had, and wasn’t filling a container for later. “Need less water than me, huh? That must be nice.”
“But not anymore?” Castiel prodded. Dean was a Fed who went undercover. Surely that came with a bunch of scrapes and bruises, too.
“Well, hot damn,” Dean could hear one of the groupies next to them. “You think they’d let me join that? I’d be ok to just watch.” And Dean had to break the kiss because he had to laugh too much.
He gives Sam some time to process, just joining him silently because he knows Sam needs time to deal. He‘s probably also half expected to end up in the other direction, Lucifer‘s vessel, demon blood junkie and all that. Dean knows Sam belongs up here even more so than Dean does, but that doesn‘t mean Sam believes it.
handsome and well-groomed, and so far, he didn’t seem at all like the ruthless captain his superiors had made him out to be.
Castiel was left with his mouth hanging open, sword limp at his side. Did the snake just… Did it eat Dean? He looked at Ana, who was focused on the sea and suddenly the snake reared up again. Castiel clutched the sword and crept closer, ready to strike if it attacked once more, but the snake flopped back on the surface of the water then reared up and contorted its body like it was fighting something on the inside.
“I wonder if she was…” Cas paused because his voice kept cracking. He cleared his throat. “If she was telling the truth.”
“Want to take me down a peg?” Castiel asked, wagging his eyebrows. “I promise you the real Castiel. Repeat optional.”
When Dean got back, Castiel put him to bed and quickly went to perform his own bathroom rituals, albeit in a speed run. Once he returned to the bedroom, Dean was sitting up against the headboard, looking at him expectantly. He looked really cute wearing one of Castiel’s favorite tee shirts, much younger and vulnerable. Nothing like his stylish, primed boss.
Castiel was also confident that the council could be swayed in his favor once he’d be able to reveal Mary and ask for her to be recognized as a full-fledged member of his family, even if she wasn’t fully of their blood. Seeing how he had been right all along, and this war could’ve been ended much sooner if they’d only listened to Castiel and not sided with Michael, they owed him. He wouldn’t hesitate to reveal all of this to the public, along with his and Dean’s roles in bringing peace.
Castiel chuckled. “You don’t know the half of what I can do with them.” He winked and wiggled them, before going back to massaging Dean.
“I know,” Castiel winked at him. “That’s why you’re the best friend I have. And ever had, come to think of it.”
“And instead of following in his footsteps, you decided the pirate life was more for you?” Ana asked in a disbelieving tone.
It didn’t have the desired effect and Castiel drooped. “For what? Becoming a snitch after all? You would be proud of that, wouldn’t you?”
Charlie came to his rescue. “Hate to say it, Dean-o, but you were the one who just snuggled into him as soon as you got sleepy.”
Oh. Castiel stared in awe when suddenly, the snake’s whole throat started bleeding the black ooze, then broke apart, revealing a gap into the snake’s insides - and Dean jumped out, landing on top of the snake’s body covered in black goo, gripping the dagger victoriously. He threw them both a feral grin, the effect somehow ruined by all the black goo. But before Castiel could breathe a sigh of relief, the snake’s body got caught in a maelstrom and was sucked down and they could only watch as Dean went under himself.
Castiel tried to push off Dean’s coat and Dean realized he was still pushed up against the wall and… no. He grabbed Cas by his hips and spun him around, slamming him into the wall. Then he quickly shook out of his coat, pleased to see Castiel was doing the same. Before they lost any more clothing, Cas’s lips were magically beckoning him in again and Dean cupped his face with both hands to keep him in place before claiming them once more.
“Very funny.” Castiel glared at him. “And not by those floozies. I just...” He took off his shirt and threw it behind him. Dean stared at his bare chest slack-jawed. “Nevermind.”
“Sorry for not trusting you… or… or having faith in you. In us.” Jimmy said and Castiel was tempted to deflect and say this wasn’t a quid pro quo on sorrys, but he let it sink in and worked on accepting it. Jimmy had pulled away out of self preservation. Castiel certainly understood that. He’d had to detach himself when he was sitting in jail and Jimmy had not showed up to explain, or help, until many years later. He wished he’d had the foresight to detach himself before his brother was forcibly removed from him.
“Guess I still had some of your juice left in me, huh?” Dean remarked and Castiel squinted, not laughing. This should not be possible. That’s now how his powers worked.
Looking around once more hoping for anyone leaving, Dean heaved a sigh and was about to sit against the wall when he noticed another patron looking his way. It was a kid around his age and he looked kinda sad in a dark oversized hoodie, his hands buried in the sleeves. But when he realized Dean was looking at him, he heaved his stuffed backpack out of his chair and placed it on the floor.
He got up and stretched again, amused when the alien did the same. Then the alien started walking, but Dean held out a hand to hold him back. “Wait,” he said. It was starting to feel weird to keep calling him ‘the alien’. He placed a hand on his heart and said, “Dean.”
Dean stared. It was an egg. Cas had laid an egg. Dean kept staring back and forth between Castiel and the egg and… he’d had sex with a bird. With an alien bird. And he didn’t even actually
“No.” Dean glanced up at the sun. He could tell that it was beginning to set, but that was all. “How do you do that?”
He’d considered smuggling one in, but decided against it in case they had equipment to check for it. By now, Dean was pretty sure he would’ve been safe, but it was too late and Castiel didn’t seem to have one either. Probably by choice, seeing how the leader surely could’ve gotten away with it? It was only more proof that Castiel was authentic.
They went back to avoiding each other until a week later, when on New Year’s Eve, they found themselves kissing again at midnight. Dean was definitely still sober and had actively tried to avoid just this by not drinking, but somehow, they had both gravitated into each other’s vicinity the closer it got to midnight.
He was just checking the database when a person in a well tailored suit passed his desk. It was an unusual occurrence and Dean immediately scanned him for clues, eyes landing on a barely visible tattoo of a cross on his hand when he raised it to check his wristwatch.
“Here, take this,” Castiel pressed two pills in his hand and held out a bottle of water. Dean opened his eyes and squinted, trying to guess what kinds of pills they were. But in the end, he went against everything he’d been taught and wordlessly accepted them, swallowing them down.
Dean perked up, trying to get his boneless body to move. But Castiel was still blanketing him. “‘M good,” he replied.
“Think about it, Loki. He testified against you. He didn’t show up for any of your bail hearings. And where was he when you got out of jail?” Odin leaned closer to Cas, putting a hand on his thigh. “And all of that even though he wasn’t just your brother, your twin, no, he fucked you, too, didn’t he? Before?”
Dean blinked and Castiel knew he was trying to process this. It was ok. Castiel knew he wasn’t normal. He just didn’t care anymore. “But it would be on your list now?” Dean asked.
Castiel chuckled and after one last kiss to Dean’s neck, slid down and rolled off the bed so he could get behind Dean again. This was still a show for Jimmy, who was waiting at the end of the bed with a raised eyebrow.
He rounded the bed and slid in behind Dean, gathering him up in his arms and pulling him close. “Shhhh, baby, shhhhh.” He intertwined their legs and held Dean as tight as he could, rocking him a little and placing small kisses to the back of his neck. After a few more minutes of cooing at him, Dean had calmed down a little, but when Castiel tried to pull back, Dean reached for his arms and made sure they stayed safely wrapped around him.
Castiel allowed it, wrapping his arms around Dean’s waist. “Fine. You can watch me and then I’ll watch and guide you. I’m gonna have to lead you a lot in the beginning.” He slid his arms up Dean’s sides, under his arms and stretched them up over his head. He took the opportunity to gently stroke Dean’s skin at the same time. “A little like this,” Castiel explained, trailing his fingertips down Dean’s back and slipping just barely underneath his pants, tracing Dean’s hips.
“But I didn’t fuck him?” Dean’s voice raised an octave higher and he drowned half the glass. What the fuck?
“Jess wanted to know if she needs to come back down to the station to give an official statement.” Castiel summed up a conversation Dean had apparently blacked out. Fuck. He was not a good detective this morning.
Dean placed his hands in Castiel’s and watched transfixed as he carefully unbandaged them. It was an unusual show of trust on Dean’s part, he realized, while he was captivated by Castiel’s own long fingers at work. Usually when he was hurt, he refused to let anyone know about it, let alone allow somebody else to take care of him. That had always been his job. Take care of others, take care of himself last.
Garth held up his hands. “Come on, Jess. He wasn’t very forthcoming. Dude wants to dampen his powers to sleep better I give him some pills. He didn’t tell me he, what, hears the thoughts of everybody in a three block radius?”
“You don’t have to…” Dean started, but Castiel took it as his cue to move, settling in and taking Dean’s erection between his lips again. He did have to do this, if only to prove to himself that his past didn’t matter. Dean was his future and Dean was a good person.
Dean’s eyebrows raised in surprise. He held up his flask. “Water?” He repeated and the alien nodded his head.
Castiel nodded and applied a lotion to Dean’s hands, carefully rubbing it in but keeping his touches light. “I hope so.” He reached for fresh bandages. “If not we’ll find something else.” Castiel stopped, cupping Dean’s cheek with his free hand. “I want you to flourish, Dean.”
Now he was just resigned. It was 7:30 pm and the office had mostly cleared out. Castiel knocked on Dean’s door and stuck his head in. “Time to go home,” he announced.
his toolkit. He’d never have agreed to this operation if he’d known they would pressure him into torturing some hapless civilian, even if he was a criminal involved in human trafficking.
“Yeah, well. Not a lot of places that would hire an ex con. But I make do on my own. With honest work.” He glared at Jimmy. “Not throwing other people in jail.”
Castiel bit back a snarky remark. He had to remember to keep Meg calm and appeased, so she wouldn’t get any more suspicious than she already was. “Hard detox. Make him think he’s got the flu. Maybe throw him in the sweat lodge for a day. Then I’m gonna break his heart. He’s gonna be so devastated, he won’t be able to think straight. He’s just gonna leave and think nothing illegal went on here. He had a nice time until he fucked it up and I had to discard him.”
Dean had planned on slamming Castiel up against the next wall, but this was too intriguing. And the blowjobs had taken the immediate edge off. He chuckled and followed the trail, full on laughing when he saw the master suit four poster, covered in more rose petals, candles lit all around - and a large bottle of astroglide on the nightstand along with a large box of condoms, probably containing at least fifty of them.
Castiel stalked closer and crowded into Dean’s space. Dean tried to hold his ground, but he involuntarily took a few steps back. He couldn’t help it. Magic still kind of scared him. When his back hit the wall, it was a wake up call and he pulled himself up to his full height, trying to tower over Castiel. “You heard me.”
“Nope,” Dean replied and… fuck it. A morning erection was perfectly normal and Castiel knew anyway. Dean would not be embarrassed. He pulled back the blanket and swung his legs out of bed. Then he was about to get up gracefully and walk past Castiel with his head held high, but when he actually stood up, he had to lean against the wall because he was hit with a bout of nausea.
“Oh, uhm.” Dean stepped out into Castiel’s direct line of sight. “Yes, of course. Sorry. Couldn’t help myself.”
“I know a great spell to replenish your energy in a jiffy. If you would finally let me help, maybe you wouldn’t be so grumpy anymore.” Balthazar remarked.
Dean shrugged. “We got Jimmy back today. Those used to be his duties.” He drew a pattern on Castiel’s shoulder. “We’ll find something for you. You know your way around a ship, right?”
After brushing his teeth as well, Dean went back into the main room to admire Castiel’s sun salutations. When he was done with those, he was standing up, spreading his arms, legs apart, eyes closed, just breathing in and out.
“Yes,” Jimmy replied, voice steady. But Castiel knew him. He could see that he was scared, too. Which was… more touching than unnerving. He really did care.
Dean closed the gap between them and pressed his lips to Cas’. At first it was just a quick peck, but before Dean could start to question himself, Cas responded and kissed him back. They both smiled too much to actually deepen it, until Cas buried a hand in Dean’s hair, scratching his scalp, and Dean let out a moan. Apparently Cas took it as an invitation to deepen the kiss and before Dean fully had time to process, he had Cas laid out under him on the couch, hands roaming and slipping underneath shirts.
Castiel nodded, brushing his fingers over Dean’s forehead and pushing some of his stray hairs back. “No problem, Dean. Whatever you want.”
Castiel leaned in and kissed Dean’s cheek. “Not with someone I was in love with, you dork.” Well. Jimmy. But… it was just different.
“Yes,” Castiel confirmed. “And you are mine.” He placed a hand on Dean’s chest and it tingled a little, like the connection between them was opening up more fully, but then Castiel pulled his hand back and it stopped.
Just then there was a loud thump against his bedroom door, the shooter most likely trying to break it down. It was a cheap apartment and Castiel had no doubt he’d succeed soon enough. He looked at Balthazar pleadingly.
“Besides avoiding them at all cost?” Ana replied, mouth grim. Then she sighed. “My momma always said to have my silver dagger with me when I go swim, in case I get eaten.” She patted a slim silver dagger hanging from her belt. “Gave it to me for my tenth birthday.”
Dean held his gaze, his eyes looking for something. He must have found it, because he brightened up a little and nodded. “I’ll… try.”
“Oh god,” Dean groaned. “Yeah, just let me…” He tried to lift himself up once more, but Castiel held on tight. “Cas,” Dean protested. “You gotta let me move.”
Rowena pats his arm again, this time not flinching back. “Not like I wouldn’t enjoy some company, and having a Knight of Hell by my side could actually do me some good, but…” She looks around and leans closer, whispering. “I was always rooting for you and I’m not gonna stop now.”
Dean hummed happily and just felt weirdly content. No need to perform or be anyone else so Castiel would let him stay. Castiel had already seen him at one of his lowest points in a long time and it had not made him recoil and look for someone better, someone less damaged.
Just as he was filling some of the more potent mix into a bag for Dean to analyze, Mildred surprised him by entering the pantry herself.
Dean took a peek into the mug. The usual latte art was missing and he was slightly disappointed, but Castiel had at least still steamed his almond milk for him instead of pouring it in cold. “Thank you, that will be all for now.” Dean dismissed him, but before Castiel could leave, Dean called him back. “Oh, wait.”
him. But then he thought of his burned-out ship and how the Tin Can had let him go earlier after possibly saving him, and… before he knew it, Dean aimed for the vines and fired.
“Who the hell told you that?” Castiel moved out of his chair and knelt next to Dean, placing a hand on his thigh. “You’re a great boss, for starters. You care about me. You know how rare that is?”
He stared at his phone for another twenty minutes with no reply until Dean finally replied. “No, I’m good.” Followed by “Thanks” and three minutes after that “Just got home. Shower and sleep. Talk tomorrow.”
Dean had woken up as well and pretended not to listen, but looked pretty hopeful when Castiel hung up. Castiel himself was just stunned. “They are offering me a plea deal,” he related.
She dragged him off into the room and only then did Dean realize there was an extra bouncer watching the entrance to where the food and booze was. That explained why this room was far less crowded now.
“I’m not vegan,” Castiel protested. “I like eggs. And I definitely like honey too much to never eat it again.”
Cas went to brush his teeth and Dean gloated, because he’d already done that earlier. He brushed close, letting his fingers trail over Cas’ naked ass, and then he went back into the main room, claiming the untouched bed as his own.
Dean gave him a thumbs up and he got a confused head tilt in return. He smiled fondly. The alien was growing on him.
“I just wanted to share this experience with you.” Castiel smiled into the camera before turning it onto the penguins again.
Though, he wouldn’t have received on a one-sided bond. Dean had opened himself, too. Maybe it really just worked differently for his species. Castiel wished they could communicate properly, but while he had picked up on a lot of vocabulary and structure, he just couldn’t know words he had never heard before.
“I haven’t told anyone anything about you,” Castiel reassured her. “Jimmy still thinks you’re a guy.”
“For the record, I offered to help,” Dean reminded him, accepting his mug and waiting patiently for Castiel to remember to get out milk and sugar. Whole fat milk. Dean cringed but then reminded himself that it didn’t have that much more fat than skim milk and he definitely couldn’t expect almond milk.
There was a metallic sound, like the lock being turned. Or was it the door hinges? Castiel couldn’t tell. He ducked behind his shield and peered out the window, just in case. But it was just way too high.
To Castiel’s dismay, Ana had taken that as her cue to suggest throwing Castiel overboard, after all. After blushing profusely and insisting he wasn’t a virgin, Dean and Ana just laughed at him again and Castiel huffed, staying silent until he had to participate in the conversation again.
Castiel stayed still and let Dean approach. As soon as Dean touched his chest, Castiel placed his hand over Dean’s. “Then why do you keep winding me up?”
Castiel could finally accept that they’d both been set up all those years ago. Yes, he’d definitely gotten the shittier end of the deal and he was still convinced that he would not have cooperated with the FBI to help convict Jimmy the way Jimmy had betrayed him, but it was time to let it go. It couldn’t be changed. And he refused to let Odin - either one of them - ruin his present any further.
Once they stepped out, they saw that three moons had risen. Without the dense foliage it was easier to see their surroundings, but there was still no cave in sight. Castiel sighed and looked back at the forest with its carnivorous vines and unknown creatures. He turned towards his companion and raised an eyebrow.
Or did it mean Dean actually paid him more for other services? If Dean was facilitating Cas’ hacking jobs, that girl would’ve phrased it differently. Still. He’d have to check Dean Winchester’s finances next. He couldn’t rule anything out.
Then Dean was sent on another profile piece just as Castiel recorded his album and started a subsequent new tour to promote his album. And so far, it still worked out fine. They relished being cooped up together, but the both of them also needed to be on tour and work. And they were never really alone these days, with text and Skype and flights being cheap enough to spend a few days together in between.
Keeping that firmly in mind, Dean entered the trailer and was surprised when he found himself alone with Castiel. He looked around, noticing how much bigger his trailer was. There was even a small table and recliners. Castiel pointed towards one and Dean took a seat, waiting while Castiel prepared himself a delicious smelling drip coffee. Dean was jealous. But he also noticed that Castiel was not offering him a drink.
“Apparently it’s clean.” Dean informed him. Cas nodded, like he had expected that. “It’s ‘too clean’,” Dean added, including finger air-quotes.
“Ginger, lemongrass and ginseng.” Castiel smiled at him and slipped back into bed. “It should give us some energy for the day.”
“No, of course not.” Dean sat up straighter. “That’s why you’re reading the books. I want to be as prepared as I can possibly be, so I can be the one to kill him.”
“I really am sorry. You have been nothing but kind to me and I…” Dean trailed off. “Tell me how I can make this up to you.”
Castiel shuddered and kept his eyes closed for a while, looking down. Until he shrugged Dean off and put his shirt back on. “I spoke out against my brother. His ideas. The war. They…” Castiel hesitated. “It is a great shame, to have your wings taken.”
He picked up one of the pages from the spell books and looked at it, when suddenly a flashlight beam was thrust in his face and a voice commanded him, “Freeze, police.”
Castiel laughed. “Well, immediately after, definitely. I mean, I’m not shy, and thankfully I was wearing underwear that day, but...” He stroked his chin. “No. Everything turned out well for me. Almost everything is where it’s supposed to be.”
Suddenly a flash came to him, of a nightmare he had last night but forgotten about when he woke up. It featured just that very same tattoo on the end of a gun trained at whoever was killing him. Dean couldn’t help but pull back from his desk, startled at the visceral memory. It made the guy look at him, smirk and nod before he left the precinct.
Cas ended up coming back with two mugs and an employment sheet from the coffee shop, which he diligently filled out while Dean finished off his assignment.
The alien’s voice was rich and melodic. It was easy to just listen to him. He obviously knew that Castiel didn’t understand him, yet he kept talking. Castiel wondered if the alien knew that he had a knack for languages and was learning, or if he just didn’t care that Castiel didn’t reply. Every now and then, Castiel nodded in encouragement and gestured with his hand for the alien to continue.
“Bitch,” Dean hissed, kicking down but missing Sam’s hand by a wide margin. Castiel hoped it was an intentional miss. He followed them up as soon as Dean had reached the railing.
Dean nods in confirmation and come to think of it, he does know as much as any of his colleagues, maybe even more. So yeah. He
“I’m going to tell Henriksen to rush it,” Dean promised. “But maybe it’s best if you stay in public places or with me for the next few days.”
So now he and Dean, who had stubbornly insisted on coming along, were sitting on a couch in the dark, huddled together, while Jimmy paced the parts of the room that were illuminated through the open bathroom door.
In the office, Castiel frowned at him when he just handed him a travel mug to put in the fridge and declined his coffee. He’d only be drinking juice and water for the next few days. Time for a detox. He’d added extra cayenne pepper in his juice for lunch and that should give him an energy boost.
Castiel was all alone, partially lit up by the stage lighting but mostly in the dark, his energy barely contained. He jumped again and Dean couldn’t help it, he got out his camera and snapped a few pictures, if only for his own private collection.
“Yes,” Dean looked displeased. “I think I’m getting old now. My workouts aren’t helping quite like they used to anymore.”
So Dean was definitely staying the whole weekend then. It wasn’t even a question. Maybe he could push this one further? “I’d rather you keep them here for when I come back,” he said, softly, looking down at his plate because he didn’t dare to see the look Castiel might give him.
The music on the screen changed into a rather threatening, loud tune and Charlie gasped. “Ok, wait. I actually love this part!”
His team hadn’t found anything amiss. There weren't even any traces of porn having been accessed in the temp files or key logs. It had been
“Good to know.” Dean took a drink. “I might have something for you to read, at some point.” He pointed his spoon at Castiel and then dug into the stew. “So, how’d it go with the chickens?” Dean asked next, mouth still full.
“No, Cas,” Jimmy bit his lip, playing with the label on his beer bottle and peeling it partially off before smoothing it out again. “I enjoyed myself, too. I just… I guess I got insecure.”
“Cold,” Castiel decided. But then he remembered that icy cold drinks actually made you sweat more and if there’s one thing he definitely didn’t want right now, it was to sweat more. “No wait. Hot.”
Castiel swallowed as much as he could, the shower immediately washing off what had spilled out. He still reflexively wiped his mouth when he popped off and stayed on his knees, looking up at Dean, who kept holding his gaze with a look full of wonder.
“Don’t send me away,” Castiel replied, equally raw and emotional. How did he let it get this far so soon? What if it wasn’t in their hands? He wanted to bundle Dean up and kidnap him away, just charter a plane and get them far away now,
He didn’t like this. Damn his feelings. Jimmy should not get off the hook so easily. He should have just believed him. They were twins. They’d been so close back then. “Ok,” he finally ground out, still not able to look him in the eye.
Dean got out one cupcake and put it on a little plate, finally brave enough to look at the twins again. Cas was looking at him in concern, but Jimmy was still grinning. “Looks like we’ll have to share,” Jimmy announced, swiping a finger casually through the frosting and holding it out to his brother.
Dean laughed at that. “Maybe I am.” He led Castiel to his desk and pulled out another book. “I’m actually surprised that you’re taking it all so well. Usually people are quick to pretend nothing happened, and then they’re off at the next port. It’s why I gotta keep the crew that I have.”
So he drank the tea and ate the food he’d helped prepare, all the while stealing glances at Castiel. They didn’t talk during the meal. Somehow it was supposed to make you concentrate on the food more and really experience it. ‘Mindful eating’, he was told. For the first time since he’d joined two weeks ago, he actually tried to partake, closing his eyes and really feeling the taste and texture of the food.
Castiel woke up the next morning feeling happy. Last night had gone better than he’d hoped. It had been easy to get reacquainted with his brother, even more so because he could pretend Dean had ordered him to do it. This way, it hadn’t felt weird and he didn’t allow himself to hesitate and think about it.
The next morning, Castiel woke up from the weirdest dream. Naomi had visited him, deeply displeased. She accused him of sharing his grace with a lowly human and warned him that if he wouldn’t stop, he’d be cut off from Heaven.
Castiel’s light engulfed him wholly and Dean felt so loved, so comforted but also, on a much baser level, the sex suddenly felt so much more intense. It was like Castiel was squeezing his cock but at the same time heating and cradling it and… Dean’s mind couldn’t handle it anymore. He came and promptly blacked out.
Anael visibly paled and Jimmy was sure she had a scrambler in one of her pockets, assuming if they were recording, they’d use one of the new devices, that would record elsewhere and which she could easily distort. It had actually been Dean’s idea to use his dictation machine instead. Apparently he’d used it when he was trying out recipes and didn’t have his hands free to write down the ingredients.
“Anyt…” This time Dean’s brain caught up with him and he covered it up with a fake cough. “Yes, Cas. Thank you for once again taking care of me.”
He woke up the next day expecting to be booted from the tour, but nothing happened. The next show wasn’t too far away, so by lunchtime they’d already reached their destination and had set up camp close to the arena. Dean wandered the camp, trying to soak up the atmosphere when he heard some singing coming from a group nearby. He went to check it out and found Inias, the lead guitarist, playing an acoustic guitar, smiling as most of the crew gathered was singing along.
“That’s my job,” Jimmy replied, sadly noticing that this made Cas pull even further away from him. He really wished he could stay and talk this out before it began to fester again, but he had to go and finally report to Roman.
Cas cocked his head. “I did ask around if there was a way to use my skills for money.” He made a face. “Fuck, I was so dumb. I basically put up a red flag that said easy target.”
Sam tells him about his life now, how he‘s married Eileen shortly after Dean‘s wake. He asks if Dean had been able to see it, is disappointed that he hadn‘t. Apparently a lot of hunters showed up at Jody‘s place, sharing their stories. It lasted two whole days and the laughter and drunken shenanigans had helped Sam a lot. As did Eileen.
“Jimmy was right. I did use your device for illegal activities,” Cas admitted. “And I’m sorry. But that’s why you’re better off without me.”
“Thanks. That makes me feel a lot better,” Dean dead-panned in a tone that should make it clear he was lying.
Dean mumbled something incoherently into his pillow. It might have been curses aimed at Castiel or just general complaints, but his safeword was definitely not uttered. “If you hold out for the next ten, I promise you’ll get to come. And then I’ll fuck you, and you get to come again.”
Castiel started rambling into the pillow when Dean refused to speed up his thrusts and Dean smiled against his neck. This was the best way to wake up and he tried to prolong it as long as possible. When he finally gave in and went as fast as the position allowed him to, they were both sweating and writhing on the sheets.
“No,” Castiel rasped. “But I found another clue and it shouldn’t be long now.” He got up and walked towards the brothers. “You’re hurt.”
Jimmy didn’t budge, holding the other man’s gaze. His eyes were a mesmerizing shade of green. It would really be a shame to get him tangled up in this. “Listen, Dean?” Jimmy phrased it like a question, not sure if he should call him Mr Winchester. There was an imperceptive nod and he continued. “I just don’t want to see you get tripped up in this. My brother is bad news. You should detach yourself while you can.”
“Not gonna be my money. Might be my head who rolls after, but fair’s fair.” Dean was the one in a position of power. He definitely wouldn’t want to screw over Cas. Even if this ended up not working out.
Today, Dean could hear the sound of the rushing water, and when they made their way towards it, there were a few birds flying through the forest, as well. Some were fiery red, while others were darker with various specks of color. They were all quite pretty and none of them attacked, so Dean took it as a good sign.
Dean whined but turned his head to the side, letting out a particular loud moan when Castiel scraped against his prostate with a little bit more force. It seemed to spur Castiel on and he increased the force behind his thrusts, still going slow, but with deadly aim.
“Yeah, it’s really getting me places,” Castiel remarked darkly. “Damp, dark places without sunlight.”
Dean was leaning over the toilet, moaning in misery. Castiel knelt down next to him and rubbed his back. “You ok? He asked.
“Why would I do that?” Dean frowned. “I… still have books for you to read. We’re going for the Kraken next.”
“No, Dean. If I were to do any of that, I’d find a way. Probably get a warrant and then do it while we have your phone in custody,” Jimmy told him, sounding casual.
“You’re a great assistant, Cas. Of course I care,” Dean replied, placing his own hand on top of Castiel’s.
“Yeah. You seem the type to just take what’s handed to him. No ambition. Happy down with the chickens.” Dean eyed him suspiciously and Castiel expected his lies to be called out, but then Dean reached back into his armoire to get out what seemed to be a bottle of ale.
Castiel huffed. It really was a good thing he’d drugged him when he first arrived. This Dean would have been a real threat. Maybe Castiel could try being honest a little sooner than he’d planned. “My sexual encounters have not all been too pleasant,” Castiel started. “When I was younger, I was… vulnerable. And… down on my luck a lot.” He trailed off, not really willing to get into it.
By lunchtime, his headache was still going strong and several people saw him cringe and hold his head from the pounding. He also apparently wasn’t as chatty as usual and they worried. Which was kinda nice, but Dean just wanted to be left alone. He had wanted to join the crew that dispensed lunch to the orchard today, but if he continued to feel like shit…
“If… if you’ll still have me?” Dean asked, bowing his head and looking up at Castiel through his eyelashes.
Perfect. Castiel smiled and fired an enthusiastic email back, thanking Chuck for his hospitality and telling him how proud he was that he’d made it there and was living the good life, away from his toxic family. They’d had him extracted from the Farm over a year ago. Chuck had been one of Castiel’s earliest supporters and inhabitants, resistant to deprogramming mostly because Castiel hadn’t done much to
“Ugh, no. You think I’d bring one of my fans into my hotel room? I’d never get them out so I can sleep. And if I forcefully kicked them out, they’d tweet my location and I’d be surrounded within hours.” Castiel shuddered.
“You should’ve thought of his livelihood before using his computer for your illegal hacking operations, brother.” Jimmy’s voice was dripping venom. “How many more innocent people will you drag down with you?”
The next day, Bobby greeted him as soon as they stopped. “Castiel scheduled an interview with you today. Hope you came prepared, it starts in 30 minutes.”
“Well, yeah.” Dean smiled. “Is it gonna suck? Of course. But only because we’ll have an interrupted honeymoon phase.” He cupped Castiel’s cheek and kissed him again, deepening it this time. “And I was really looking forward to that honeymoon phase.”
“I need your help. Please, Gabe. You know he’s after all of us,” Guy Two pleaded. He was the opposite of Guy One, tall and lanky, with a face Dean would definitely be able to describe to a sketch artist. If these two would even escape. Dean frowned. Did they not notice him here?
“And abandon our one cash cow?” Meg snapped back. “Go fuck yourself, Clarence. Remember that I can always cry and say you coerced me. If we go down, you’re the one who ends up with life and I’ll get parole.”
“Now, may I?” Dean asked, practically salivating, sword back in his hand. His gaze was wild and Castiel knew he'd jump no matter what they said. If they held him back this time, it might be a mistake.
Ok. So weird-ass mating ritual, it was. Castiel lifted up his shirt, so Dean placed his hand onto his naked stomach next. Suddenly the skin got hot to the touch and when Dean pulled his hand away, the skin glowed and something like a tiny blue handprint appeared. “What the fuck?” Dean flinched further away.
“Only if you want him to murder you in your sleep,” Dean mumbled in reply and scooted over to claim a kiss.
Castiel made sure Dean was fast asleep before he grabbed the documents and left his room, depositing them back in the safe in their office before Meg would notice anything amiss.
Dean laughed. “If I wasn’t convinced your mom would poison my drink for it, I’d bring you with me in a heartbeat.”
“You have a great crew. Their loyalty is legendary,” Castiel said. “It’s one of the reasons why you’re so infamously uncatchable.”
Castiel himself quickly focused on Dean and helped lie him out flat. He positioned himself at Dean’s head before Ana could kneel down and started giving him mouth-to-mouth, inflating his lungs with air. With an unexpected snort, Ana joined him, pushing both hands on Dean’s chest. Did she not think Castiel could do this task?
Once they were in the hallway, Dean cocked an eyebrow. “So, what? A quicky around here and then you go back for some interviews?”
Thankfully his suit hadn’t gotten damaged in the crash, so it was able to analyze the water and report that it was safe to drink. For him. Shit. He didn’t even know if the alien also drank water like they did, or what he could or couldn’t ingest. His morphology seemed to be close enough to the Ceruleans’ to risk it, though.
“Oh fuck, yes.” Castiel put his cup away and made grabby hands. “I’m not too proud to admit that I definitely missed those.”
Dean nodded, tentatively reaching out to cup Castiel’s cheek. When Castiel didn’t pull back, he kept his hand there. “Thank you for taking care of me, Cas.”
Castiel recoiled but he had nowhere to go with the door still restricting his range of movement. “Yes, we did,” he told her, hoping to soften her a little more. Though deep down he knew it was futile.
“What?” Dean stared at him with big eyes, spatula in one hand, eggs behind him once again forgotten in the skillet.
“No,” Dean wrapped his arms around himself, sounding petulant. “Of course not. That would be silly.”
He saw neither Dean nor Ana at dinner that night, but sat with Charlie and mostly learned more about the chickens. He knew he should use the opportunity to milk her for information on the crew, and especially Dean, but it just didn’t come up. And he still had time, he reasoned. Besides, knowledge about the chickens was equally vital for his mission. He had to blend in and be good at the job he pretended he’d done multiple times before, after all.
“I don’t want you to resent me for it. I mean, you probably already took a hit for not knowing that your partner was a criminal for years.” Castiel raised his own eyebrow when Jimmy was about to argue. He was right, but Jimmy was too proud to acknowledge it. “And leaving DC will just be another obstacle for you.”
Dean quickly turned around and started to empty the used grounds from his coffee maker. Anything to keep busy during the current lull. When he turned back because he felt a presence at the counter, he wasn’t even surprised to find that Jimmy had walked up with his now empty mug.
He‘s surprised and mildly disappointed, but hey. Heaven is different now. It‘s a good place. He can feel it.
It had taken a few months for all of the paperwork to clear, but Castiel could finally officially be online without supervision again. He’d tentatively applied for a job in internet security, but hadn’t heard back yet. He should probably be getting a suit, just in case. Or maybe...
“That’s nothing against your skills at setting a password, Dean,” Jimmy explained. “That goes for all coffee shop wifi connections.”
He sounded a little subdued, so Dean stopped before they fully entered the café. “I’m sorry, Cas. I promise I’ll still love you when you look corporate and tamed.” He reached up to flick at a lock of Cas’ hair. “As long as you don’t forget about me once you have that fancy, well-paying job that you deserve and don’t need my dumb ass anymore because you can buy better coffee elsewhere.”
“I don’t like this, Cas. She’s dangerous.” Dean crossed his arms in front of his chest, looking at Castel through the bathroom mirror. “I’m trained for this. Let me come.”
Satisfied for now, Castiel stroked his fingers up and down Dean’s throat to help him come back down and as soon as he could breathe normally again, Castiel pulled him up for a kiss. He could still taste himself and it made him lick into Dean’s mouth until nothing was left.
The shower was refreshing and Dean felt a lot better when he got out of it. Not knowing how long Castiel would be gone, he quickly towelled off and went back into the bedroom to dress himself.
“Alright. You should get more sleep, Dean. Your body still needs to heal.” Castiel unconsciously scratched at his still bare chest, only aware when Dean’s eyes were tracking the movement.
“Huh?” Dean frowned, then he realized Castiel meant before they could leave the country. “I meant now. How long before you have to leave?”
Castiel narrowed his eyes. “What? You wanted a tearful reunion? Should’ve come here as my brother and not a fed.”
Castiel didn’t start actually pushing until Dean leaned back into his hands encouragingly and started moaning more. Taking the invitation for what it was, Castiel held him down and fucked Dean’s mouth while Dean relaxed and let him. Needing to see, Castiel looked down and found Dean’s eyes fixed on his. And along with the sight of his cock bobbing in and out of Dean’s lips, it was suddenly too much.
He could hear Castiel’s grumbling through the closed door. “Yes, I will,” he confirmed a lot more silently and Dean wasn’t sure if he was supposed to have heard it, but it made him smile anyway.
Dean could feel himself immediately flush up and he grabbed a pillow to hide behind. “I don’t think we have to…” He stopped, the whole speech registering in his brain. “Wait. Educated guesses?” He glared at Jimmy. Did he want to know?
He had to admit that he finally saw the appeal. One reason why Dean was sent on this assignment had been his very vocal disdain whenever anyone had mentioned the Fallen Angels. So his boss decided she better send someone neutral to get the real scope instead of a fanboy. But actually witnessing Castiel - and the rest of the band to be fair - play a live gig was a whole other thing than hearing their post grunge emo shit on the radio. It felt much more raw, much more emotional.
“You’d be surprised,” Ana smiled. “Nevertheless, I have a bad feeling about this. I can’t leave, but I’m also not holding you back.”
“Mine, too.” Dean responded. “But it’s not like we’re on a deadline. We’ll have all the time in the world, we can afford to sleep in between.”
“Ugh, great.” Castiel sulked. “Can they maybe come out then and drown out the fucking voices and let me disappear Balthazar? Thank you very much.”
Jimmy sniffed and tried to turn away, but Castiel held him steady, searching for eye contact. Eventually Jimmy returned it and nodded a bit. “I know,” he sighed. “God, you fucking suck so much.”
Castiel conceded and they started going through the Men of Letters’ library. It didn’t take long for Sam to join in as well. He didn’t even ask questions, just nodded when they explained their theory and grabbed a tome.
Dean stopped his train of thought. He’d never really talked with Cas about his powers. And from what he’d witnessed the night before, Castiel wasn’t a part of that community anyway. So no way could he have relayed anything. None of this was Castiel’s fault. Dean sighed and slid a little closer to the medium. Sam noticed and raised his eyebrow. But a withering look from Dean made him shut his mouth.
The girl laughed. “Fuck no. Castiel wishes I were here for him.“ And right on queue, Anna the bassist wrapped her arms around the girl and nuzzled into her from behind.
“There’s a reason I don’t write fiction, baby.” Dean chuckled and pulled Castiel closer to him again.
They only moved apart when they could hear sirens coming frown down the street. Apparently, a neighbor had heard the shots and called it in, so it was time for official police business.
It was his last thought before he crashed into the enemy fighter and lost consciousness, missing how both ships tumbled down together to crash on the nameless planet below.
“What? I didn’t. I’m telling you to run.” Castiel waved his hands in the direction of the shore. “Run!”
“Is there a problem, Dean?” Castiel asked, a glint in his eyes and Dean could tell that he was biting down a smirk. Dean narrowed his eyes. That fucker definitely knew what watching him stretch and contort had done to Dean.
“Was it abuse?” Odin leaned even closer to him, whispering conspiratorially. “Did he hurt you, Castiel? It’s ok, you can tell me. We’ll put him in jail.”
“Sweet boy,” Castiel crooned. “I started this family because I realized so many people needed my help. It pleases me to see others thrive. You, however…” Castiel stopped as if he was considering his next words carefully. “You have seemed so miserable since arriving here. I am sorry for neglecting you. I think Meg…” He trailed off.
And yes, Dean did. He still showed Cas the bird, because right now he didn’t care about burning calories, he just wanted to get fucked again and then sleep. They could’ve done that on the couch.
Jimmy opened the door and ushered her in, only activating the master light switch after he’d closed the door behind her.
The alien said something else and Castiel sighed. “We should go seek shelter,” he tried. In reply the alien snorted, shook his head and said something else. But he was waving one arm and pointing in the direction Castiel was headed, as well, so Castiel took a chance and nodded.
She looked him up and down pointedly and Dean shuddered a bit. “I don‘t...“ He stopped. Ok, he did get it. So far he‘d thought it was just a myth though. Those other tours he covered never had anything close to this spectacle.
In reply, Dean clamped his legs around Castiel’s waist, pulling him closer and trapping him on top. “Never gonna happen.”
He looked at Cas to find his face full of hope and… was that love? “Ok,” Cas simply said. “Yeah, ok.”
Mildred chuckled, then she paled. “Wait. I’ve been brewing the tea. Does that mean I am drugging all these poor people?”
Castiel smiled at him and touched his arm. “I can’t ask this of you. What if I am right and Meg is dangerous? No. You came here to relax, to find your way back to nature. This is my problem and I will have to deal with it. I shouldn’t have even told you anything in the first place.”
Castiel led him back to his chambers and straight into the bathroom. “Alright, let me see your hands,” he asked, holding out his own palms upturned.
“Idiot. He usually dismisses his fuck buddies quite thoroughly.” She looked Dean up and down. “Or, if he plans on fucking you again, at least tell you to meet him outside or something.”
Castiel bit his lip. “We can’t let Meg suspect anything. I know it’s hard. Trust me, I almost threw it all out just now…” he glanced at the tea with as much disgust as he could muster. “It will only be a few more days, hopefully. And maybe we’re wrong and there’s nothing in it.”
Thankfully nobody was in the sweat lodges today, so he didn’t have to visit those. Instead, he went to the gates to tell them about his next tea delivery and that Meg would be signing for it.
Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean and pulled him in. “Texting shouldn’t be a problem. I’m gonna have to check in with Balthazar about the videos. I didn’t ask because I, uhm… didn’t really have anyone to video chat with?”
Dean’s eyes gleamed and his face twitched, trying desperately to hide his grin, thus giving himself away. So open. That’s why Castiel always knew.
He passed his uninjured hand over his face. The closer the snake came, the more he could see its green and red pattern. It was glowing in the sunlight and might have even been beautiful, if it hadn’t been so terrifying. The crew on deck looked to Dean, who was barking orders at them. They seemed scared, but a lot less so than Castiel expected. Did they experience this kind of thing regularly? First mermaids, now this?
“Oh fuck, no,” Balthazar answered. “Cassie here is way too boring. I’d die.” He chuckled. “Well, some more. Inside. Whatever.”
Castiel watched the sixth bead pop back out on its own and then pushed it back in a few times before adding number seven. After he’d worked it in, he pressed his thumb on it to keep it in place and took a short break, stroking Dean’s flank. “Good?” he asked.
“Not gonna break. Let go,” Dean offered, satisfied when Castiel gave up, slumping down and resting most of his weight on top of Dean.
Dean pushed back. “What? I’m here to do a job. I’m not losing it over one night with you.” Thankfully he was still sober and pissed enough to decline. Any other time, Dean might have gone for it.
“It’s why I decided to look out for you. Felt like I had to make it up to you, somehow.” Odin elaborated. “It’s why I joined the FBI, too. Atone for his sins, I guess.” She huffed. “Also, I was already good, why let my talent go to waste?”
Castiel paled. “What?” This was actual news to him. He definitely didn’t hire anyone to dispose of people leaving. That would be the easiest way to get the FBI to come snoop around. He doubted Meg had anything to do with it either. Could it have been actual suicide brought on by withdrawal? He really needed to make sure to continue weaning the others off for as long as the Farm was still here.
Dean raised an eyebrow and wiped a hand over his face, trying to compose himself. “Cas,” he started. “I know that. I’m fine.” Dean smiled. “I love you for checking.”
Dean frowned until he realized that he was so busy freaking out about his lies that he didn’t even fully realize what Castiel had told him before. He was seeing a future for them. A future built on lies. “No, Cas. I’m sorry,” Dean slowly pulled back. “It’s me. It’s… there’s something I need to tell you.”
Dean laughed. “You’re right. This is an awful idea, but nobody’s ever accused me of making smart choices.” He started walking Castiel backwards towards another door, presumably his bedchamber. “I saw how long you held out against the mermaids, so I assume your problem isn’t that I’m a man.”
Dean turned around, wild eyed. His whole being was keyed up. It wasn’t just his body that was humming with arousal, but all the deep, even breathing along with Cas kind of opened up a headspace where he felt even closer to him and now he was stepping back?
He could feel Dean letting out the breath he was holding and saw his arms tremble in response. Dean’s eyes grew wide and he let go, lying down on the mat.
“What difference does it make? He doesn’t believe in any of this.” Castiel replied, ignoring the man in question for now. Dean not being a believer was even a little bit part of his appeal to Castiel. He wished he could be as ignorant. Just be normal. No ghost attached to him. Dean probably slept fine at night without taking any pills. So why should he drag him into this any further?
“Yeah,” Dean sighed, passing a hand through his hair. Stupid Michael. Still ruining things for him years later. “Listen, when I made fun of your apartment earlier, I didn’t mean anything by it. It’s cozy.” Dean shook his head. Wrong word. “Which isn’t a euphemism for shabby. I really do like it.” Dean paused. Did he just make it worse? “Ugh, I’m sorry.”
He had not. He’d heard rumors of female captains, but they were just stories of mysterious women who sailed on faraway waters, so he never really did believe it. And none of the survivors from the attacked Navy ships that had come into contact with the Impala ever said anything about women. Though Castiel had a feeling they’d keep it to themselves if they got bested by a woman.
And how could Dean deny him? He carefully nodded and kicked off his sandals. Castiel was pushing the blankets back for him and then tucked him in when he had laid down.
“I’m supposed to be your boss. I don’t think you want this,” Dean continued. “I’m not tough. I’m not even… I’m too broken to fucking feed myself, Cas. What the fuck? Why would you want to be with me?”
“Made what?” Castiel asked, looking at his salad and deciding to put it away for now. He was suddenly feeling sick.
“And if you really didn’t know anything, make shit up. But… it would be better if you told the truth. Then they can’t find any holes in the story and… Meg goes away and you’re free. Immunity means you can admit to things, you know that, right?” Dean elaborated.
Castiel got Dean a vegetable sandwich and smoked salmon in an extra bowl on the side along with another small bowl of edamame, figuring he could snack on those through the rest of the day if it was too much for him now.
Dean looked up and caught him staring. It caused him to flush and look back down with a private smirk and Castiel realized he was mirroring Dean’s action. Even his own cheeks felt warm. Usually he didn’t have physical reactions like that. He frowned, wondering if he should rather look into this when Sam announced he’d found a case very close by.
“Dork,” Dean accused him, but he snuggled back into his arms, apparently not caring that Castiel was half naked. “Sorry for unloading on you.”
“Right. I keep forgetting you really are exactly the hippie you look like,” Dean nudged him, but readily snatched the last slices of bacon off the plate.
Jimmy subtly glanced at the clock, wondering if he should stall Anael a little more. Did they have enough to convict? One of Castiel’s hacker friends had promised to do a deep dive once she was distracted and in their hotel room. She also hinted she’d take care of that account under Castiel’s name in the Cayman’s. Jimmy didn’t want to know more about this, neither did he want to know who the person helping them was.
