“ There isn’t any other close family and even Nick’s money couldn't get him custody of Jack before his trial, so the court granted Cas temporary custody of both. As Claire’s father, it was easy enough for me, with Gabe’s connections, to get him full permanent custody of her within a few months. He’s suing for the same for Jack as soon as Nick is convicted. I can’t do much more than that for him, at the moment.”
“ You just had breakfast, Jack. You can have a popsicle after lunch. Right, Dad?” Claire looks over her shoulder to confirm.
“ You have no idea.” Castiel lets his head rest deeper in the pillow. Not too soft, not too firm. “ Even working at the research level people seem to think I just read all day. And yes, there is a lot of reading involved, but it’s essentially assigned reading and not for pleasure.  It’s even worse at the public library. Patrons are under the delusion that  I spend my entire shift perusing James Patterson instead of  working on programming, community outreach, filling in for the Children’s staff.. you know, things that actually keep the library running properly. It takes me a month to get through a novel of my own choosing.”
No one else mentions the sudden change in topic and Castiel simply assumes the red inked handprint on his shoulder means something very personal to Dean. Maybe Castiel will find out later, maybe not. He lets it slide away as the conversation turns toward safer topics, like Cain’s coterie of cats and Sam’s current obsession with binge watching
Castiel doesn’t want to entertain any other alternative, but the fatalistic side of him points out that the very first ones began arriving just after the court denied Nick’s request for visitations with Jack. There’s a restraining order, of course. No contact whatsoever with Castiel or the children, minimum of one thousand feet distance at all times. But Nick has managed to wiggle his away around plenty of rules and laws and semi-threatening emails would be the least of his accomplishments.
She leaps onto the couch and throws her arms around Dean’s neck, just like her brother, rubbing her nose against his beard. “ Goodnight, Dean!” It’s practically a shout so close to his ear.
“ Daddy.” Jack pulls the book open again and flips until he finds a picture of Cas. “ Daddy, Din. Dat hn Taire Daddy. Siwwy Daddy.” He points to a photo of Cas making a silly face at the camera. It looks like it was taken at Claire’s first birthday.
“ I’d tell you the kids are okay and you can sit down and relax, but I don’t think you’d be into it.” Dean smiles sympathetically, eyes soft and teasing.
“ Gross. And no.” Castiel clumsily digs one-handed in his pocket for his phone, pulling it free and swiping through his photos. “ This was even better.”  He shows Gabriel the picture of Jack sprawled over Dean, both fast asleep, both their mouths parted slightly. Both drooling. Though that’s hard to see in the low light of the photo, but Castiel had clearly seen the damp spot on Dean’s chest from Jack, and the dark wet patch on the pillow from Dean, when he’d gotten up the next morning to start the promised breakfast.
I forgot! Things have been a bit crazy, I literally reminded myself yesterday and haven't given it a second thought til literally two minutes ago! So I think I'm gonna change my postings to every other Sunday from now. We'll see if I remember that ;)  Thank you!!!
“ No, I’m not!” Dean valiantly blinks away the tears and hides a sniffle beneath a cough. “ Got like, allergies and stuff.” Claire nails him with an exact copy of Cas’ Bitch Face #3 and Dean laughs through another sniff, wiping his eyes with the collar of his flannel shirt.“ Okay, you got me. You were right. Your Dad was right. It’s a kick in the chest and pulls all the heartstrings.”
Dean stumbles a bit, but recovers with a soft smile and, “ That’d be great. Uhm, maybe Sunday? You can bring the kids over and I’ll grill burgers.”
Castiel sees a matching flinch from Cain at the sight, he and the older man both hunching slightly in empathy.
Eventually Jess pokes him in the side with her elbow, gaining his attention. “ What?” There’s no telling what he’s missed in his daze.
Aaron heads toward the back and Castiel takes his seat, ready for an hour of well deserved quiet time until Aaron relieves him for his own lunch break. He opens Outlook and pulls up his work email, sorting through the interoffice group emails that get sent
Unwilling to continue with the duo’s increasingly friendly barbs, Castiel keeps his mouth shut and opens Meg’s driver side door. She boops his nose and he hugs her one-armed. “ Be safe on the way home.”
I told you about it because it was the day you dropped your phone into the spaghetti sauce while we were talking and you had to use Bobby’s old flip phone to call me back.”
He also recognizes the quiet string of half-swears, grunts, and moans that escape Dean as he rolls over, dislodging Jack onto the bear and curling up protectively.  Castiel has personally experienced the pain involved with a toddler-to-groin collision on too many occasions, and understands not only Dean’s pain but also his attempt at keeping his response as G-rated as possible.
Saturday morning finds Dean driving Cain’s old ford F150 with Jess riding shotgun, Sam in the bitch seat between them. Dean and Jess barely manage to keep from laughing the whole way to the new place at Sam’s knees practically around his ears.  Baby is parked at Cain’s house, waiting patiently for Dean to return and tuck her safely away in his new garage.
“ I see how it is,” Dean complains, smile stretched wide across his flushed face. “ Left for a younger man. Ain’t that a shame?”
Castiel tilts Alex up more against his shoulder, the baby grasping lightly against his sweatshirt. Quiet scritch of tiny scratching fingernails. He glances at the clock on the DVD player near the TV and sees it’s past bedtime for his own little ones. But, they’re having a good time. Claire, singing quietly to Alex. Jack, being helpful down the hall.
Gabriel’s whine becomes more high pitched and annoying. “ Kali passed by me on the way out today and the ice in her eyes nearly froze my balls off! I can’t face that again!”
It’s been a hectic morning, with Jack’s health tipping Castiel from watchful to worried and getting Claire to school on time before calling in to the library to have Garth cover his shift at the desk for the day in case he was unable to come in to work later which it looks like he won’t be and that’s another call to make after he hits up the pharmacy.
“ Soundin’ bit rough, son.” John’s words are slurred around the edges, that last has just enough mocking sharpness to scrape across Dean’s already raw nerves. “ You been watchin’ the oil levels?” The ,
“  Drinking outta the same cup after someone, or coughing or sneezing on someone. It’s in your spit.” She’s staring dead at Gabriel, serious tone and intense expression underlining the gravity of her shared wisdom.
It’s nearly six in the morning when the last text comes in. It’s an image of Dean holding a newborn swaddled in the ubiquitous blue-and-pink hospital blanket. Taken straight on- so not a selfie and most likely taken by a nurse- the photo encompasses Dean from the chest up. The bottom half of the image is filled with the blanket and one of Dean’s broad hands, a red faced infant peeking out with large dark eyes under the striped stocking cap. The top of the frame cuts off the top of Dean’s head at an angle, his face downturned toward the precious cargo. And this small portion of the photo is what has Castiel mesmerized. Because Dean’s eyes are red and watery, skin splotchy above the beard, as though he’d been crying hard only moments before. But the look of adoration and awe in those wet eyes, the smile beaming on his face as he gazes down at the baby…
Dean gives Cas a questioning raise of his brows, gaze flickering from his eyes to his mouth and back again. The pause goes on so long that Dean is about to back up and reassess the situation, but Cas suddenly goes for it and Dean is too busy re-adjusting the angle of his head to doubt the mutual mood.
Dean’s focus snaps to the baby monitor on the coffee table. Cas is already swearing under his breath, flinching as he bodily rolls Dean off his lap and sets him on the next couch cushion.
“ I like the beard,” they compliment in unison, breaking the quiet together with soft laughter. Cain smooths the hair over his chin. Dean nervously tugs at his own whiskers.
Damn, he wasn’t watching the time. Castiel walks ahead of Claire and spots the back of Cain’s head over the cafe curtain in the back door. He’s expecting his landlord, so his appearance isn’t a complete surprise, Castiel simply let the bedtime rituals get away from him and now Cain is standing on his porch amidst the moths and June bugs swarming about the security lights. Castiel unlocks the door and opens it wide, apologies ready to spill out, except his daughter beats him to it.
“ Dean is more than his looks.” Castiel frowns at her, pushing further into the cushions. “ He’s funny and kind and--”
Castiel silently curses his friend’s forgetfulness. Though how one can forget that they keep their guest bedroom stocked as a sex dungeon, he can’t possibly fathom.
It’s late summer, so there are the usual stalls filled to the brim with peaches and tomatoes and blackberries. And the random early pumpkin and squash that Jess is intent on buying up to use as decorations for the clinic. There are other things, of course, from potted mums to every handicraft imaginable. Dean watches with great amusement as Jess piles their rolling cart full as he drags it along behind her. Dean was convinced to bring his own ragged duffel and it’s already half full of various fruits for his pies and cobblers. And tons of business cards stored neatly in the zip pocket for his later perusal.
Dear God, this is Shakespearean levels of coincidence! Castiel keys open the bottom lock on the kitchen door and rushes inside, not quite slamming the door shut. Claire looks up from the TV, frowning, but says nothing. Castiel smiles at her and she returns her attention to the Planet Earth episode currently playing.
Cas moves through the living room and into the kitchen, coming back to the den with two of his fancy beers. Dean isn’t complaining. He accepts one and leans in for a kiss the second Cas sits down beside him. Cas eagerly returns it,  throwing his arm over Dean’s shoulders and keeping him close as the movie starts.
“ Is he like some kind of doomsday prepper or something?” Sam’s head is ducked to look out of Jess’ window.
“ True. But, Nicholas likes to keep tight control over his employees and his partners, even his more casual ones. It’s one of the reasons Kelly left him. “ Castiel sends a silent prayer to Kelly and Amelia now, to watch after the children. “ I believe it’s more likely that she’s under his orders. Both to watch me and to send these as a way for him to contact me without breaking the terms of the restraining order.”
But Castiel doesn’t miss the little cough, or the grin on the younger man’s face as he turns toward his charge. And now Jack is tugging on his pants leg and Claire is waiting semi-patiently nearby for her turn and Dean is taking Alex off for a diaper change and Castiel lets the lingering heat and tension bleed from his muscles as he drops to his knees to be on level with his toddler.
“ Din!” Jack stage whispers as his sister shushes him just as loudly before they’re even in the living room.
“ I doubt that, Claire.” Castiel closes his laptop and stretches. “ The apartment is much too small for a growing family.” He figures the neighbor has wild curly blonde hair, like Dr. Moore and Claire herself. Not that he doubts his daughter’s skills of observation, but it’s just too far a stretch that Dr. Moore and her husband would move into a one bedroom apartment when they’re expecting their first child. “ But, we should be good neighbors and go introduce ourselves, shouldn’t we?” He smiles at Claire’s instant excitement.
“ Son. Of. A. Bitch.” Dean hangs his head, covering his flushed face with both hands. He’s now very glad that that entire night is barely more than a hazy memory and wishes he hadn’t discovered these new embarrassing facets. There’s a large hand squeezing his wrist and Dean lifts his head, letting his hands fall back to the table in defeat. He can still feel the heat in his face. “ No wonder you dumped my whiney ass.”
Dean blinks is eyes open more fully and he realizes his brother is wearing a full monkey suit. Crap. “ Meeting?”
“ Conditioner.” Cas shrugs, then groans as Dean carefully tugs at the curly hairs. Cas give a small thrust, dragging his length along the side of Dean’s hand.
“ It drove Jess crazy.” Dean laughs. “ She kept asking if I was hiding a pie in my room.”  It had been a bit annoying, but mostly hilarious. A heightened sense of smell is apparently one of Jess’s new pregnant superpowers.
And then Jack has taken it upon himself to make his own introductions and runs straight up to Dean, begging to be picked up. Dean seems happy to oblige and the following interaction has Castiel melting inside and out. When Jack returns to him and demands they follow Claire, Castiel does his best to get himself under control and be a polite guest.
“ Cool! Stay here!” she orders before scrambling off the couch and heading toward a short bookshelf tucked into the corner beside the fireplace.
Castiel sits silently for several long minutes, debating the best strategy that doesn’t end up with him in jail for assaulting Nicolas Adler.
much fun.” Dean smirks at the memory of his most recent prank. “ Totally worth the mud and spiders.” He glances around the table, but Andrea is already handing him a bottle of Benny’s homemade hot sauce.
It lasts another two glorious seconds before Jack leans over Castiel’s arm and barfs all over Dean’s shirt.
“ Hospitals aren’t really napping kinda places. I’ve got half an hour before another nurse comes in wanting to make sure I’ve pooped one more time. “ Jess grumbles. “ But thanks anyway.”
“ Me, too!” Dean rolls Jack onto the middle cushion and shoves himself from the couch to join Claire, eventually taking her hands to jump together in a circle.
Dean buttons up, flinching even worse than Cas, pulls on his t-shirt and forces himself to get up and head into the kitchen to get a drink. To collect himself. He had really thought about going, just as Cas suspected. Not as a tantrum or anything. Cas has his hands full and the last thing Dean wants is to be in the way. Parenting is hard enough as it is and Cas doesn’t need to worry about him hanging out in the living room waiting on him. Dean had planned on a quiet , “
Dean watches with no small amount of amusement as the tiny fingers release and disappear just as Cas jogs up to the car and loops an arm around Jack’s middle to lift him up and away. Jack shrieks in protest. Cas bends down to window level. “ Dean, I am so sorry!”
He pulls the four pints of blackberries from his duffel and he’s faced once again with the bag from Cain’s table shoved into the very corner of the bag.Hidden. Out of sight, but not much out of mind. A glance around confirms he’s alone in the kitchen and Dean eases the bag from the duffel and opens it. He pulls out two jars of clover honey, a jar of cinnamon honey, and a packet of honeycomb candy that he remembers picking up. There’s also a small tin of honey lip balm that he vaguely remembers tossing onto his pile . But there’s another item in the bag as well; one he has no memory of selecting though he remembers looking over the collection of small mismatched glass jars arranged artfully on the table.
Castiel ignores the crude half joke and gets to his own point. “ He doesn’t remember. I mean, he doesn’t remember me. He doesn’t know I was the one who got him out. And I’m not sure telling him would be the right thing to do.”
There’s just enough room for Castiel to crawl between the grass and broken metal and reach into this busted out window for the younger man inside. He seems in and out, a gash in his hairline bleeding profusely, face smeared in blood from a slew of smaller cuts. His eyes blink almost sleepily at Castiel’s hands on his upper arms. The older man must’ve gotten the younger out of his seatbelt, the poor guy slumped against the roof of the vehicle. Castiel has to lean in further to get a better grip on the man’s arms and as he yanks him free of the wreckage, he feels something scratching through his shirt, from between his shoulder blades and down his right arm to his elbow. It’s a vague, distant sensation and Castiel ignores the pain in favor of dragging the dead weight as far from the wreck as possible, mostly toward his own car parked a reasonably safe distance from the inferno. The young man- Dan he thinks he heard the other call him- begins to struggle in his grasp and Castiel tightens his grip and continues until he’s on the other side of his car.
“ Claire, you know it’s rude to stare.” Castiel admonishes from his place at the kitchen table, laptop open to his latest project. “ And you’re setting a bad example for Jack.” Despite his reprimands, he does nothing to stop their hour long nosey neighbor routine. It’s kept them occupied and as a single parent one takes distractions where one can.
Castiel stops Dean’s nonsense by slipping his mouth over the head of his cock and pushing down until his nose is touching the coarse dark hairs. Yes, Castiel knows he doesn’t have to give Dean oral sex on their first time around. But Castiel is very proud of his oral skills, despite being a bit rusty, and is happy to put them to good use again.
Dean is standing there with an uneaten cookie in hand. Still confused. “ Cas, really man, you don’t have to--”
Now that Castiel is closer and the garage light is bright overhead, he can see the finer details in the non-Disney inspired tattoo. The large handprint curves around Dean’s upper arm, near the shoulder, in a simple thin outline. But within each section of the anatomically accurate shape, are more thin red lines nesting inside each other, growing smaller and smaller, creating a topographical effect.
Dean shrugs and helps get the uncooperative toddler into his sleeves. “ He was just getting me back for stabbing you with a popsicle. I think we’re even now.”
“ She looks like maybe a PA? Or part of his PR team?” Charlie guesses, her eyes flicking across the credits along the bottom of each photo. “ Yep. “ Nicholas Adler shares a joke with his personal assistant, Ruby Cortese.”” She points to a photo of just the two in question, Ruby smiling as Nicholas chuckles. “ And again. Gross.”
Castiel is shaking his head before the words leave his mouth. “ Dean. I’d already decided that I wasn’t letting you go, even if, for some reason, Claire decided she didn’t want us to officially date.”  He pulls back just enough to look into those lovely green eyes, wiped dry but still a hint of vulnerability left. Castiel puts as much confidence and comfort into his smile as possible as he strokes his thumb though Dean’s short hair. The younger man ever so slightly leans into the light contact. “ It may have taken some time to win her over, but I would not have given you up. When I said <i>together</i>, I meant it. This is exactly what I meant.”
“ You are correct.” Castiel bobs his head absently, eyes glued to his computer screen. He shouldn’t be doing this, actually. Searching for jobs on his day off when he should be spending time with his children. But it’s a habit Castiel has gotten into, especially in his darker moments. He likes working at the library, he does, but he misses the university, the research projects, the conferences. A public library had been a sort of retirement plan for him when he’d first started his career and now it’s come much too soon under the worst circumstances and Castiel can’t help but want a way out.
And then he’d met Cain, two years after leaving Lisa. And Cain had been… Just passing through, grabbing a meal at Ellen’s Roadhouse. Nomadic, irregular visits. Dean never knew when he’d see the older man sitting at the corner of the bar with a Coke and basket of BBQ wings. But as the years progressed, Cain passed through more frequently and Dean found his way into the man’s motel bed on each visit. Days spent messing around in the garage, nights spent enthusiastically exerting themselves until they fell into a sweaty heap and drifted off. Weekend road trips and that one unforgettable drive to the Grand Canyon. Dean hadn’t been that happy in years. But always, Cain would eventually pack his bag, kiss Dean soft and gentle on the lips, and head back out to god only knew where. Dean never asked.
Castiel flinches at the volume just as the door swings open and a laughing Dean appears. The younger man is wearing unripped faded jeans and a dark green henley. Casual, but neat. Much like Castiel.
in their new Christmas pajamas from Aunt Meg. ” He hands over the tote bag of recently received presents to Claire as she gets out.
There’s a knock on the door and Jess calls out permission. A nurse enters the room with a wheelchair. He’s nearly as tall as Dean, twice his width and breadth, and looks like he could bench press Baby without breaking a sweat.  “ Hospital Uber for Moore-Winchester, party of two.”
“ Daddy is silly, isn’t he?” Dean smiles at the little boy. Then he remembers that the kids have never seen the photo he keeps in his wallet. “ You want to see a picture of my mom and dad?” Claire readily agrees and Jack seems open to it, so Dean reaches into his back pocket and pulls out his ratty old wallet. The brown leather is cracked and one fold is hanging on by a thread. He should replace it, but it was a thirtieth birthday gift from Bobby and Dean can’t let it go. The kids stare in rapt attention as Dean pulls a yellowed photo from behind his driver’s license. He has several larger photos that he eventually managed to have framed nicely, collage style, and is hanging on the wall in his living room. But this small one he’d kept in his wallet. Alongside an even smaller photo of Sam in his high school cap and gown. “ This is my mom and dad. And that’s me.” He points to the sandy haired toddler in his mother’s arms. A younger, kinder John Winchester hugging them both. Dean holds onto the fading photo just as tightly as he does the faint memories of those better times. Because it hadn’t always been dark and hopeless and Dean needs to remember that, for his own sanity.
Claire and Jack begin a discussion about what foods taste better when they’re older and Dean and Cas listen from the sidelines, providing information when asked. They smile indulgently over the children’s heads, socked feet in constant motion.
There’d been the customary texts from friends and family. Missouri brought mint chocolate cupcakes to the clinic and Alex and Stan filled his office with black balloons. Cas invited him over for a quiet Official Birthday dinner of homemade meatloaf, mashed potatoes, roasted broccoli, and a surprise birthday treat.
Attached is a photo of Jack playing with wooden blocks, Claire focused on a wood carving manual in the background. Castiel recognizes the book as a gift from their neighbor, but he honestly doesn't remember Claire packing it in her bag this morning. Well, there are worse things for the little girl to choose as a hobby.
It takes a few minutes because Claire doesn’t like precise measurements and there’s quite a bit of tasting and pouring half the jug into an empty pitcher to dilute later while Castiel adds water to the jug to get a strawberry lemonade that won’t curdle their victims’ tongues.  He grabs a clean stack of tumblers, taking eight because he has no clue how many people are helping with the move in, and tucks them under his arm. Castiel has Jack by the hand with the jug in the other and Claire is already reaching for the alarm pad when he realizes she’s in frazzled two-day-old Queen of Dragon braids (according to the youtube tutorial). Jack has bits of breakfast still on his shirt. Castiel hasn’t shaved in nearly three days. And they’re all still in their pajamas. At ten o’clock in the morning.
“ Glad to help, really.” Dean is blushing again and Castiel can hardly contain the giggly bubble of joy that swells in his throat at the sight. It only grows when Dean closes the distance between them to take his hand.
Cas retaliates by swiftly pinning Dean’s foot beneath his own, somewhere in the middle of the empty space under the table.  Dean’s attention is taken by Jack’s diatribe about the day’s visit to the grocery store, creating a pause in the footsie battle.  As he listens to Jack trying to describe some sort of breakfast cereal, Dean is very much aware of Cas’ foot raising up, relieving some of the pressure on his toes. And then Cas is sliding the ball of his foot down Dean’s instep, then back to circle his ankle. Slowly, gently.
“ Actually, I told them they could watch a movie.” Castiel laughs nervously, as he opens the Continental’s back door.  He raises his voice a bit to include the children. “ So, if they’re willing to get ready for bed first, then we can skip bathtime tonight and watch
Sunday is once again gray and chilly, the previous week’s rain turned to drizzle.  Castiel happily gets into a green Bob Ross t-shirt and navy pullover sweater over his slightly frayed jeans; the need to impress his neighbor thrown aside for comfort. Claire decides on her
Dean closes his gaping mouth with a click of teeth and gets a firm grip on his nerves as Sam herds Jess toward the staff hall door amidst a chorus of “ Good luck!,” from staff and patrons alike.
Then everyone is moving again. Cain ringing up and bagging Jess’s purchases while keeping up a steady stream of lighthearted conversation. Dean frowns as he feels something bang into his thighs from behind. He turns to find another customer, also loaded down with bags, shuffling along at the previous table, trying to squeeze into the tiny space between Dean’s back and the table selling herbal tea blends. He plants his feet firmly, out of spite, and turns his attention back to Cain’s table, pushing his items forward to the end near the till and taking Jess’s heavy bag before she can heft it.
“ Yeah, Cassie. What did you talk about all night?” Gabriel saunters over to the little group, drying his hands on a dish towel, comically wide-eyed and innocent.
“ So FYI, Jack is the perfect size to scrape the wet socks off the roof of the washer drum.” Dean comes back into the living room, Jack tossed over his shoulder like a bag of wiggly potatoes. “ Oh, is he asleep?” He lowers his voice when he spots Alex curled against Cas.
Castiel squeezes the psychedelic colored ball to his chest with both arms, attempting to force his thoughts back under control.
.” He makes the quotation marks with his fingers, because it’s a quirk he never managed to unlearn from childhood.
Then the screen fills with the security camera grid, each square touting a timestamp two minutes prior to his receipt of today’s email. “ Okay, so I’ve done some not so legal MacGyvering to our security system. Namely, I added facial recognition software, of my own design.” Charlie taps a few more buttons as she explains. “ Then input the timestamps on some of those emails. So the program is looking for anyone within sight of the cameras who was here each time you received an email. We can always expand the number of emails, but I think we have enough to go on. Unless,” she bites her lip, head tilted to the side to glance at him uneasily. “ It’s multiple people sending them, which I should have thought of beforehand.”
“ Lightning McQueen, Dad.” Claire corrects absently as she rummages through the book basket under the coffee table.
And Dean doesn’t seem inclined to release him. The hand in Castiel’s hair slips down to curve around his neck, rubbing gently as they stand cheek to cheek. “ Cas, what can I do for you tonight?” Dean whispers, mouth still so close to Castiel’s ear. “ What do you need?”
Castiel can hear a brief quiet conversation on the other side of the door, but he’s more focused on getting Jack out of his disgusting clothes. “ It’s okay, Jack. Shhhhh, I know you don’t feel well.” Dean comes back to the bench and puts the discarded clothes into a plastic bag before placing it next to the open bag of wipes Castiel has sitting on the bench. “ Thank you, and again, I’m so sorry about this.”
The doubts melt away before Castiel’s eyes, leaving Dean’s smile carefree, just how Castiel likes. It’s so captivating, in fact, that he can’t resist the urge to lean in and kiss it. A brief little peck that turns into three and then Dean licks his lower lip and Castiel chases his tongue with his own and it’s much like last night except his feet aren’t freezing and Dean tastes like waffles and coffee.
Dean’s been an avid fan of the bar and its owner since his very first visit. That just so happened to end with a memorable one night stand with said owner and managed to not be awkward the morning after. Or when Dean moved here and discovered Benny three years married to a Greek spitfire named Andrea and they’d all just had a good laugh over it.
Dean grimaces. “ TMI.” He rocks slowly in the glider, letting the motions lull Alex into a trance. “ Then I can watch him once we get everyone home today, until Alice and Jim get settled. You’ll feel better in your own bed and you’ll both be ready to tackle tonight.”
Castiel settles on his side (the scarred one),  head cradled in the soft pillow, watching Dean turn off the bedside lamp and letting his eyes adjust to the darkness as Dean settles in, facing him. An arm is tossed over his side, pulling him closer, resting heavy in the slight dip of his hip. Castiel reciprocates with his top arm thrown over Dean’s, bent at the elbow to curve his hand around the younger man’s neck. Their unoccupied arms are trapped between them, hands beneath their chins. Dean’s fingers curl around Castiel’s upturned wrist, gently smoothing over the pulse point on the inside. Castiel hasn’t shared this simple kind of intimacy with anyone in years.
That is also not totally unusual, Dean often stays past the children’s bedtimes and he and Castiel watch something not approved for little ones or sometimes simply talk.
Charlie glances up at him in confusion, but nods and they both veer right to enter her area of the far end of the workroom. Charlie slumps down into her desk chair and scoots over enough for Castiel to pull one of the nearby step stools next to her. She logs into her computer, shaking out her hands and wrists as she waits for the desktop to load. Getting in the zone. “ So, what’s the problem?”
Cas moans, his head falling back onto the couch, eyes fluttering closed. “ Yessss, oh God.” He bucks up into Dean’s hold, another soft groan spilling from his mouth.
“ Thanks. Very mature.” Dean grumbles half heartedly as he properly dries his eyes and blows his nose.
“ Cas…” Dean looks almost uncertain, wide eyed, as he stares into the open bag. His breath is steaming in the frigid air between them. Lips parted slightly as though words would like to come out, but nothing breaks the quiet of the moment.
Until it dropped in that bit of startled surprise that had Castiel’s hackles on edge again. Not that he ever wanted the notoriety he’s gained over the last year and a half, but he certainly didn’t want to deal with his ill begotten fame in his children’s pediatrics office. Invasive questions and suspicious glances.
She does so without comment, and Dean settles Jack between Claire and his thigh. He would normally let Claire scroll through on her own, trusting her with the phone and to not go snooping through his other photos. Not that he has anything scandalous on his phone. Anymore. But while he trusts Claire, he understands Jack’s fine motor skills are still developing and doesn’t want any accidental swiping or deleting. So he throws his nearest arm over the back of the couch and leans in to hold the phone between the kids so both can see as he slowly flips through from the beginning.
Cain is reliable as ever. “ What you’ve always done. Take care of the children. Take care of yourself. Let the people who care about you help you.”
“ So good, Cas. Christ.” Dean is murmuring softly as his hips rock in tiny motions, his cock sliding carefully against Castiel’s parted lips and tongue. “ But… but you know I’m good with a handjob. You don’t have to--Oh Christ!”
Then Jack stands on the stool and pushes his belly out and pushes his penis down with his fingers and pees in the big potty. His pee is loud on the potty water, but Daddy says that’s good because it means his pee is getting in the potty instead of on the floor. Jack is really good at peeing in the big potty. He can make his pee hit the little red and white circles under the water almost every time! Daddy is always so proud of him when he hits the circles.
, just like Rowena teaches all the children in order to spare her wardrobe, hair and, especially, make up.
Castiel drops to the ground at the passenger’s side. Broken glass covers the asphalt. The passenger is conscious and shouting at the driver who does not appear to be so when Castiel ducks down to peer through the busted window. He reaches in and grabs the older man’s shoulder. “ Hey! I’m gonna get you out!” Castiel starts pulling on the man’s arm, only to be knocked free so violently he falls on his ass.
Castiel shakes his head in affectionate exasperation, then turns back to his daughter. “ Uncle Gabe was mostly right and I promise we’ll talk about it later, but right now I need to clean up for this lovely breakfast you made.”
All of the above. And it’s sparkling pear cider. How’s your evening so far? Other than the ongoing saga of the Unwanted Party Hat.
“ Done,” Dean nods in agreement and shifts the baby in his hold, positioning the small body in the wide seam of his thighs, both hands supporting the back and head so Alex is blinking up at him head on. “ When are they going to release you?” Dean puffs his cheeks out. Alex appears mildly interested.
“ But, won’t you be lonely?” Claire isn’t satisfied by Dean’s casual replies. Castiel can understand her limited point of view; holidays happen on the calendar date and one spends them with family. Or friends, as a last resort. One simply does not spend Christmas by oneself. It’s like Halloween with no candy. Or a birthday with no cake.
Castiel snickers, the accuracy hitting his funny bone just right to dispel a bit of his gloom. He waits for the window to fully load and begins identifying each photo laid out in the grid, each a still taken from the cameras. Indeed, his face is the first to show up, then Benjamina and Aaron and most of the staff. It doesn’t preclude staff, but he doesn’t want to think about a coworker doing this to him so he dismisses them for the time being. Frank is high up the list, but despite his kookiness, Castiel doesn’t believe him to be the culprit; Frank has bigger things on his mind than a passive aggressive terror campaign. There’s Chuck and Martin, again, people who have no motivation. A few other regulars that Castiel is only passingly familiar with, and-- “ Can you enlarge this one?”
He feels oddly calm, walking through the staff door, hearing a snatch of Benjamina and Dorothy’s conversation, returning Max and Alicia’s quiet greetings.
Jack should go back to his own bed. His bed is nice. It has MooMoo and Quackers and Greg and his blanket is fuzzy and green. Daddy says he should stay in bed until Daddy or Claire wakes up. Daddy says Jack is safe in his own bed.
They pass Garth just around the corner, handing out candy to a small group of costumed children. The young man is wearing a variety of shades of brown and gray with dog ear headband, paw mitts, and a painted nose. And a brown sock tail attached to the back of his jeans. He smiles at Cas over the children’s head. “ Hey, guys!”
Dean chuckles, pushing his other hand, keys and all, into its proper back pocket.  The move pulls his t-shirt tight across his chest. “ Honestly, I kinda like her. Attitude is sexy.”
There’s a flash of something warm and spicy, but Dean shakes it off, embarrassed, and answers confidently. “ Duh. Harvelle’s Roadhouse, New Year’s Eve, 2010, five seconds til midnight. You asked if you could kiss me and I nearly bit my tongue trying to answer before Ellen finished the countdown.” He takes another huge bite of cornbread and adds a spoonful of venison chili, grinning brightly in between. It’s an awesome memory that he’s held onto very tightly for a very long time.
It’s half past eight at night and Castiel has Jack bathed and ready for the last story before his bedtime. The trio is happily settled in their living room listening to a deep sleep music CD and finishing up with Claire’s current favorite bedtime story,
Sam vents about his newest case. Jess laughs over the week’s patient antics. Missouri recalls her early days of residency. Alex and Stan discuss some sort of fan convention they’re both attending in a couple of months. Joshua, Missouri’s husband, compares gardening notes with Zeke. Pam curses the newest wave of anti-vaxxers.
, “ Dean mimics the air quotes and laughs at Castiel’s eye roll. “ Then you two never… ? “ He makes a suggestive hand gesture involving his spread fingers forcefully and repeatedly interlacing.
Castiel is also smiling, though smaller and more exasperated. “ I’ve seen it. It’s actually rather embarrassing, but as the youngest siblings we were stuck with each other as children and still spend most of our holidays together. “
“ I’m not suggesting that. I’m suggesting that you both seem to want this relationship, but you’re both too stubborn and self-sacrificing to take the blatant opportunity for happiness. And I am honestly tired of watching you two dance around each other.”
“ Official introductions.” Dean lets his hand drop so he can clap them together in very much not a nervous gesture. “ This is my kid brother, Sam. And his awesome wife, Jess.” He takes a breath, lets it out in a nervous huff. “ And this is Cain.” He doesn’t add ex, or friend, or man who broke his heart. They know their history now, no need to go into the messier details.
Andrea winks. “ You know you scared ‘em spitless during their Bell Witch Cave investigation last month.”
Cain smiles gently at him- god, so his fucking type- and opens the Jeep door. “ I’ll speak with my other tenant and tidy up the apartment.”
Castiel slumps further in his seat, crossing his arms over his chest, defensive. “ It’s not that easy, Meg.”
Here, in a medium sized community library, it’s been a bit hectic, but altogether a fun hour. The assortment of costumes has been endlessly entertaining and Dean had recognized quite a few faces from the pediatrics clinic. Jess and Sam are also helping out (as they have for the past four years), costumed as Jack and Sally from
It’s not as though Dean’s never played footsie before, but something about the very deliberate motions against his socked foot and the small confident grin on Cas’ face has his own heating up.
Maybe it reminds Cain of his own first kiss, or maybe just pleasant first kisses in general. Dean frowns in thought, holding the candle directly under his nose to continually breathe it in. Maybe...
“ Come meet my Baby!” Dean is grinning ear to ear, obviously very excited to show off his precious. “ I had her at Cain’s to keep her out of the way. Moved her in while y’all were at the zoo.” He steps back and motions Cas to approach.
Dean throws a smile back and moves on to the front door. The blast of air conditioning is almost too much on his sweaty skin. A glance in Cain’s direction and they exchange tiny nods of acknowledgement, then Dean continues on to the counter to place his order. A grande (because he doesn’t need too much stimulation right now) cold brew (because it’s too freaking hot). He eyes the assorted sandwiches and pastries, but his stomach still doesn’t feel fully settled. Best to pass this time.
Castiel shifts Jack against his side, the boy blinking sleepily. “ We’ll see. I thought you wanted a sword and shield like Charlie’s for Christmas.” Misdirection has become one of Castiel’s most valuable parenting techniques.
“ Seriously don’t want to know.” Once he tosses the tissue into the trash can Dean finds his arms full of Jack. “ Whoa there, buddy!” He catches the toddler fully, pulling him from Cas’ hold to have a more secure embrace.
“ That’s right. No phones while driving. I’m glad you reminded me, Claire.” He smiles at his daughter. She’s right, of course. Dean would have had to drive Sam and Jess to the hospital, then most likely have to return to the Moore-Winchester house to gather their things and go back to the hospital. Unless they stop at the house first before heading into the city. Castiel feels the smile lift the corners of his mouth because he seriously doubts with the level of panic happening between the two Winchesters that even level headed Jess could get them to make any side trips.
Dean gives a grin and nod, relaxing in position as Cas oh so slowly pushes his cool hands beneath Dean’s top layers. It’s a studious exploration, methodical, with Cas carefully rolling the shirts up one cuff at a time to rest on his wrists. The whole thing is beautifully intimate in a way Dean hasn’t experienced in a very long time.
“ You’re important to me, Cas. You and the kids.”  Dean’s cheek heats up against Castiel’s. There’s a slight rub of stubble, then Dean pulls away and clears his throat. “ And I want to help.”
Dean squeezes the candle between his hands, swallowing a sudden surge of uncertainty. “ Did you kiss me back?” He honestly doesn’t remember Cain kissing him back. Okay, if he’s truly honest he doesn’t remember Cain
Dean is still standing at the bottom of the stairs when Sam bumps into him from behind, big voice booming into his ear. “ Mr. Novak? Dean didn’t tell me you were his new neighbor. ”
Rowena’s artfully painted expression morphs into impressed eubilation. “ Why you certainly may. Absolutely!” She bends back down to rake her long fingernails- painted black with finely drawn spider webs- through what’s left in the cauldron. “ I think… I have… just… the… thing!” She triumphantly displays a rounded plastic llama from a Playskool playset. It finally occurs to Castiel that the cauldron has been filled with all the leftovers from crafts and old games and discarded toy sets collected through the months by Rowena and Garth. All properly cleaned and sanitized, he’s certain, with Rowena’s aversion to germs. Rowena waves her hand over the small toy and mumbles an incantation in Gaelic, though Castiel doesn’t understand half of it, before placing it solemnly in Claire’s outstretched hand. “ Now, when you present this token to the wee bairn, you must very gently place it at their feet, look them in the eye and say
Two hours pass relatively quickly. The clinic group finishes up their dinners, but continues to order appetizers to share around the table. Beer and coke continues to flow freely. Including a vibrantly pink concoction that gets passed around the table, everyone using their own straws to sample the fruity cocktail. Dean catches Zeke leaning down to speak directly into Pamela’s ear and a tiny smile lifts the corners of his mouth when he realizes that Zeke is describing the crazy drink to his girlfriend.
“ Becky’s enthusiasm is great, but yeah, her focus on court trysts is kinda distracting, to be honest” Charlie tucks a loose strand of long red hair back into her braided crown- her only concession to her position as queen of Moondoor- and she’s chosen her woodland gear instead of her queenly regalia. It’s only a half day for her, the teen outreach complete once she puts away her LARP gear and gets the report started. Charlie drops the tote of foam swords on top of the costume bin. “ But, it takes all kinds and as long as she doesn’t actually start stalking the other players I try to give her some leeway.” She plops down into her desk chair and snags a post-it note from the rainbow stack next to her Hermione bobblehead. “ I’m marking my numbers, but I’m not starting the report because I saw Zachariah heading out and you and I both know he won’t be back today. So screw him.”
When they get home, Dean unloads the car and shoos Jess inside for air conditioning and to put her swollen feet up. Fresh produce is stashed in the fridge and on the countertops, canned goods in the highly organized pantry. Jess’s baby items are placed in a single tote and brought to her as she holds court on the couch in the living room, surrounded by pillows and what’s left of her double decker grilled cheese (her drink long since guzzled and most of Sam’s, as well).
And for the next hour they talk about Cain’s bees and his business and his recent travels. They talk about Dean’s patients and Baby and getting ready for the little Winchester coming soon. And everything feels normal again.
Jess is oohing and awwing over basically everything. Dean is interested in the candy and honey filled jars which are just beyond his reach so he waits patiently as the vendor takes care of the customers ahead of Jess, his back turned to bag up their items. It’s pretty loud, with all the people and outside noises and kids playing not too far off in the park so Dean can forgive himself for not immediately picking up on the voice until it is aimed squarely at him. Or at least, right beside him.
But someone is knocking insistently on his bedroom door, chasing his precious shut-eye away. “ Ugh, wha’?” His voice is rough and Dean isn’t even sure if the person in the hall heard him. “ What?” He makes more of an effort and is rewarded with Sam’s head popping into his bedroom.
“ We, uh, we met Dean at the pediatric office when Jack was sick last week.” Cas gestures weakly at the little boy still holding his hand but watching the goings on with rapt attention.
“ My apologies.” Mr. Novak seems genuinely contrite about his faux pas, but rallies quickly with a, “ Hello, Dean. You may call me, Castiel.” He pauses expectantly.
It’s nearly midnight before a yawn cracks Castiel’s face in half, interrupting his telling of Jack’s recent discovery of his penis’ elasticity. “ ‘Scuse me.”
“ Correct,” Cain confirms. “ He’s taking the children to Mt Juliet for treats. I told him I’d text when it was clear.”
It’s midnight and everyone is losing their collective shit around Dean, albeit, in moderated voices since Alex is asleep down the hall.
Dean laughs softly, old faded memories swimming in his head. “ Some idea.” Too quiet for Sam to hear because Dean isn’t about guilt tripping over their early years. Instead, he ambles over to the glider in the corner of the room by the window and eases himself onto the heavily padded seat.  “ I’ve got the day off and a full night’s sleep so feel free to konk out for a bit.”
“ Hello.” Cain is looking at him with those soft eyes, then he quietly clears his throat and begins adding up the prices, hands steadily placing each container safely into a paper bag. “ How are you?”
As soon as Dr. Winchester- no, Dean the Nurse Practitioner- leaves the exam room, Castiel pops up from his seat and begins pacing the tiny space, rocking Jack in small soothing motions. To comfort Jack, but also to get his own thoughts and emotions back under control.
“ Yeah, she is. But it doesn’t stop her from being herself. And,” Dean pauses, smiling brightly, as the Bee Girl finds her field of like-minded peers. “ Then she finds other people like her to play with.”
Dean blinks at Cain over the bowl of popcorn, his hand deep in the middle of the fluffy kernels. “ Huh?”
Castiel rolls his eyes even though he knows Gabriel can’t see him but knows exactly what he’s doing anyway. “ My underwear is none of your business. I wanted to let you know that Meg just texted me. She’s too sick to watch the children tonight.”
Dean chuckles and settles further in his corner of the couch- Jack again in his lap- as Cas reads two stories about hedgehogs. Then the older man takes Jack for bathtime, leaving Claire and Dean to read a book about an annoying neighbor duck and a story about whiny penguins. A discussion about more realistic problems for arctic animals ensues for a while, Claire lecturing Dean about the horrors of climate change that she’s learned about in school. Then they settle in and read the infamous Book of Tears.
Castiel continues to watch Dean in his right peripheral, the children taking up most of his left. He can smell the man’s aftershave, a hint of citrus under the charcoal smoke and sizzling meat. Castiel inhales deeply, but slowly, not wanting to get caught.  Jack runs shrieking by the patio, corn husk doll waving frantically in his hand. Claire is jogging after him, hands raised like paws, growling and laughing and they both dramatically fall over and tumble back down the hill.
Castiel can’t stop staring. And he can’t stop the swell of emotions that he thought he’d tamped down at Cain’s earlier. Fear and anger and an utter hopelessness that overwhelms his higher functions. Forcibly ripping his gaze away from Dean’s soft concern, Castiel swallows thickly and gives a silent shrug. Because if he opens his mouth he’s going to break down completely.
There’s plenty of light from the side table lamp, spilling between them and giving a clear view of their bared laps. Dean takes a moment just to look, and a glance at Cas’ wide eyes assures him the other man is doing the same. Cocks are cocks are cocks, as far as Dean is concerned. But he does enjoy the little differences that make them unique to their owners. Like, Cas is uncircumcised, ruddy foreskin surrounding the glistening pink head that’s just peeking out. Dean’s own dick is cut, the head flared a bit more prominently, thickly veined, hard flesh darkly flushed as it curves gently upward. Cas’ shaft is also blood darkened, but finely veined, jutting straight from his groin. It’s also visibly girthier than Dean’s, an observation that has Dean’s mouth watering instantly.
“ Of course, you and Jack, too.” Castiel shouldn’t make that kind of promise, implied or otherwise. There are so many variables he has no control over. But… fuck it. For right now he’s happy and surrounded by people he cares about, who care about him. And variables work both ways, for better or worse. Maybe they will stay here after the trial. Maybe Jack and Claire will grow up here. With Dean. And maybe, maybe Castiel and Dean could--
From there it’s a roller coaster of conflicting emotions. He should have guessed that his family lawyer was related to the attractive nurse practitioner; Winchester isn’t the most common of surnames. And now Castiel is wondering if that odd wave of recognition upon meeting Dean at the clinic for the first time was nothing more than a lost memory of seeing his photograph in Sam’s office at some point. And Sam being married to Claire’s pediatrician makes it even more likely that Sam’s brother would be employed there as well, nepotism has its benefits.  And then, coincidence on top of coincidence, Cain knows Dean from--
“ Hold on. I gotcha, big man.” Dean steps away quickly, attention now aimed solidly on the squirming infant.
Castiel forces himself to swallow, to inhale and exhale quietly and steadily. It could be nothing. Except it’s his Saturday shift, and he always treats himself to the Starbucks across the street for breakfast. And, yes, he’d gone a little overboard with the cream today because he’d been distracted by thoughts of the attractive nurse practitioner. It’s nothing. Just a coincidence. Castiel stares at the simple line in the message for a full two minutes before opening his trash inbox and pulling up the previous emails from
They’re actually at Dean’s door five minutes early, Castiel carefully holding the towel wrapped pan of brownies as Claire keeps her hand tightly around Jack’s. She lets the little boy knock and Jack accompanies his fist pounding with a shouted, “ Din! Open dah!”
Dean releases Jack and closes the washer door. He hands his wadded up bundle of retrieved clothes to Jack, lifts him up, and lets him finish loading the dryer. “ All done!” he says with Jack as the last item drops on top of the pile inside. “ Good job!” Dean eases Jack onto his shoulder, securing his hold before closing the dryer and choosing his settings. Jack is content to pat Dean’s back and babble-sing the latest Top 40 earworm. Dean finds himself humming, despite his best intentions, and bounces Jack a little for the audial torture. Jack just laughs and sings louder. Dean sighs and heads back to the living room, quietly singing along.
Alex stares at Dean with his dark blue eyes, tiny face scrunched in a laugh. Or a poop. Dean will find out eventually. The baby is snuggled happily in a bouncy seat on the floor at the edge of the kitchen, out of range of Dean as he cooks up his dinner on the stovetop.
Dean gloves up and grabs the slim package from the tray Alex has set up for him, tearing the plastic open to retrieve a long thin swab. He shoots Castiel a sympathetic look and firmly grasps Jack’s chin. “ Real quick now.” Swab in, twirl, retreat. Jack is, naturally, not pleased and displays his unhappiness with a pitiful sob that turns into a deep hacking cough as he hides in his father’s shirt. Dean’s heart always breaks a little when he has to be the bad guy. “ Not fun. I know, buddy.” He shoves the swab into its protective case and strips the gloves away as he addresses Castiel. “ Results will take a few minutes. You need anything? Some water? Or a coffee? Or I’ve got the nice extra soft Kleenex at my desk?” So, he might be going a bit overboard here, but Jesus the guy looks just as worn down as his kid and Dean seriously can’t resist those kicked puppy eyes.
Castiel tilts his head to the side, mildly surprised by Dean’s curiosity in the subject. Most people either already know, or simply don’t care to ask. “ Essentially. I’ve never really been interested in having romantic relationships. And I was close friends with Claire’s mother for years before we began seeing each other as more than friends. Until recently, she was the only one I’d ever really considered… “ He trails off when he realizes what he just said. Castiel clears his throat, attempts to cover the lapse in his brain-to-mouth filter. “  I believe sexuality is fluid and I don’t really label myself, but it is nice to have some general definitions when people are open to being informed.”
“ Yes. Worth the sugar high and sore feet.” Cas ruefully agrees with a lopsided smile that crinkles up his eyes.
“ Yeah…” Castiel lets it trail off because despite all his fears and doubts, he’d really made up his mind that morning with Dean and Jack on the couch. But Gabriel’s blessing is the icing on the cake. And the brotherly encouragement he didn’t know he needed to dispel some of the guilt around his decision. Of course, now he has other worries. Like how he’s going to go about courting Dean. Or, maybe all this time beforehand has been the courting and now Castiel just needs to ask the man out on a date? But when? The timing could be better. The holidays are busy for everyone; between family, friends, and work obligations they actually haven’t seen each other very much in the last couple of weeks. Usually a bit in the evenings, or passing like ships in the night in their driveway as one comes home and the other heads out.  He’ll have to find out when Meg is available so he can take Dean out somewhere. Somewhere nice. First dates should be special.
“ Don’t call the spare room a dungeon. I’ve slept on that bed.” Castiel groans, overly dramatic, but happy to move the conversation off his own issues.
But he has other things to worry about this bright morning. Like what to wear. Which is stupid because Cain has seen him in and out of everything from ratty sweats and undershirts to a full tux in Sam’s wedding pictures. So after pulling everything from his closet and throwing it all haphazardly across the bed, Dean finally chooses a decent pair of dark jeans ( no wear-n-tear tear, natural or artful) and his favorite Batman t-shirt because it's practically become a security blanket by now.
for the pics. The texting with Cas continues in between patients and keeps him awake enough to finish his afternoon without mishap. Once home, Dean reluctantly says goodnight to his neighbor and his brother and crashes the moment his head hits the pillow.
“ But he's got money and connections and his lawyer- who literally left Sam's firm to become the dick's personal defense team-  has him out on bail. That asshole never even spent a night in handcuffs.” Jess frowns over her cheesestick.
Cain comes out to watch the proceedings and converse with Jess while Sam helps guide the trailer into place. When Dean hops out, he can already sense a smidge of weirdness between Sam and Cain. Little Brother is just as protective as Big Brother and Sam had seen the massive fallout from their break-up. He still remembers Dean drunk, angry, and incredibly hurt by the man he was in love with. The man who has been selling organic honey and candles to Sam for the last couple years. It’s a bit weird to be sure, but Dean bumps his shoulder against Sam’s, throws a hand over the back of his neck and drags him over to the older man and young woman.
Dean has his arm propped along the edge of his open window, hand drooping inside. He steers the truck and trailer carefully around the bends, not wanting any oncoming traffic to surprise him, not that it’s likely, but he’s overly cautious since the wreck. The road itself is gravel, but well maintained. Not a pothole to be seen in the wide limestone river meandering through the cedar and poplars. A mile in the road splits, Dean continues right but gestures to the left with his elbow. “That goes to Cain’s cabin and the dock. “
Castiel had forgotten the sorry state of last night’s socks and feels strangely shy at the thought of wearing a pair of Dean’s. That feeling is magnified tenfold when Dean shifts on his knees and lifts Castiel’s right foot onto his thigh. Dean uses both hands to lightly massage over ankle and heel and instep and arch and, finally,  a gentle wiggling of toes before he slips the socks onto Castiel’s feet, one by one. Those warm green eyes peek up from under thick lashes, that light flush darkens under the freckles. Castiel honestly cannot remember the last person who made him feel so cared for.
“ Sorry to interrupt, but some computer assistance would be much appreciated.” Castiel keeps up his usual lowkey smile.
“ Seriously, though, Cassie,” Gabriel pipes up as he drags a child-sized Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle into his lap. “ Sounds like Dean spends more time at your place than he does his own now. And the rest of the time, you and the kids are packed into his shoebox apartment.”
“ Anytime, darlin’.” Dean huffs out in a small laugh. He waits until Claire disengages on her own and watches as Cas is given the same treatment before the older man eases Claire back under the covers with a kiss to the forehead. “ Goodnight, Claire. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Besides, part of what Castiel enjoys about driving is the solitude. He’s alone with his thoughts, he can mull over work problems, or personal problems or best yet, let his mind go blank and simply exist in the moment, keeping the car on the road and pointed in the right direction.
Dean waves a dismissive hand. “ Naw, man. He’s got about another hour.” He pauses next to Castiel, setting Jack onto the couch beside him, and holds out his open hands. Expression questioning. “ You good or do you wanna hand him off?”
Dean’s definitely not thinking about a woman coming by to have dinner with Cas. Someone familiar enough the kids call her Aunt. Then Dean imagines them calling him Uncle and inwardly shudders in dismay. Way too creepy. Not thinking about it, anyway. Dean shakes himself back to the real world and offers a compromise for their relatively good behavior post-denial. “ You wanna drive to your house?”
Dean chuckles and slips into the pants, then rolls around on the bed until he gets under the comforter and sheet. Castiel hits the light switch, bedside lamp going dark, and makes his way blindly to the other side of the bed. He climbs into bed, not very gracefully, and scoots toward Dean’s warmth.
“ Claire, we don’t always have to voice our opinions.” Cas sighs and edges around the girl to get a better look at the baby. “ Besides, Alex is just as cute as any other newborn. Hello, Alex.” He leans down and softly pets the little round belly, smiling his gummy smile. Dean feels his own grin respond in kind. It’s fucking infectious.
“ You’ll surpass them all, I’m certain.” Rowena grins and nudges Jack toward the cauldron sitting on the floor at her feet. She digs around, looking for something inside, before hiding it in her cupped hands. “ Now, I saved something extra special for you two. These talismans have an extra spell cast upon them. Monster Protection and Nightmares Begone keeps away monsters
Nicholas Adler’s voice is playful and laughing, incongruous with the terror crawling down Dean’s spine. He honestly wants to vomit. No, he wants to throw this thing on a pyre in front of Nicholas Adler’s fancy apartment building and watch it burn to ash. His thoughts must be painfully obvious on his face because Cain is taking the toy and dropping it back into its box. “ Evidence. If Castiel decides to notify the police.”
Claire giggles. But then she reaches up and pats his bearded cheek, face full of sympathy. “ It’s okay for grown-ups to cry, too, Dean. Dad says grown-ups have lots of things to cy over.”
“ Doesn’t sound like it.” John continues his passive aggressive monologue, with Dean replying when necessary, but mostly he tunes his father out and focuses on the stretch of road in front of them.
Dean loses his breath for a split second at the sudden cool skin surrounding such a sensitive body part. Then he pushes up into the fist and Cas adjusts his grip and Dean stares down at the hands on cocks working between them, enjoying the color contrasts and shiny precum streaking their skin. Their rhythm quickly syncs up and Dean leans back in to kiss over Cas’ stubble rough cheeks as they both chase their respective orgasms.
He lifts the candle to his nose and takes a big sniff. The scent is subtle, not overly sweet. Perfect. Cain knew exactly what Dean would like.
Castiel is staring, confused, when another familiar face appears at the bottom of the stone steps on the far side of the trailer. A faded brown t-shirt with a bar logo and a green ball cap worn backwards. Ripped jeans hanging loosely off the bowed legs Castiel didn’t notice before but now can’t stop staring at. “ Dean?”
, because Sam Elliott is a tall fucking glass of water (and Dean suddenly realizes why he was so instantly attracted to Cain all those years ago, the similarities are remarkable) and he’s seen it a million times so he won’t be too distracted when he and Cas get a little handsy.
Aaron snorts a laugh. “ Yeah, actually I do. Can I use Karl-E on this?” He points to the desktop that isn’t nearly as busy as Charlie’s laptop. Charlie nods and moves back to give Aaron room to pull up the library back-of-house program and the public computer system. “ She’s been in here pretty regularly for the last year or so, usually on the computers, but sometimes I see her in the reading corner with a stack of cookbooks and her phone.” He types in a first name and last name into Karl-E’s patron query. “ She never has her library card, so I always have to check her out with her driver’s license... And there you go. Ruby G. Cortese.” Aaron stands with a flourish toward the screen. “ Phone number, address, email address, all you need for stalking the stalker.”
“ You've got a lot on your plate.” Dean finishes, nodding in understanding. He knew this to begin with. Why didn't he stick to the plan? “ I understand. And I'm still sorry.” He steps backward into the damp grass and pushes his hands into his jean pockets. “ Hey, I'm still here, though, okay? If you or the kids need anything at all, I'll come running. “
Dean ducks back inside when Castiel reaches the steps, allowing him space to enter. Castiel locks and bolts the door, arms the security system.
Castiel sighs. “ We have fifteen minutes before Gabriel and the children come to visit.” Giving them a two and a half minute buffer in case Gabriel decides to go back to his original deadline.
Castiel hangs on, even more determined, and keeps Dean’s cock nestled snugly in the back of his throat as he hums low and deep. He pulls back only enough to grab a breath through his nose then is right back at it, gently dragging lovely moans and blissful expressions from the younger man. Castiel has taken only three measured breaths when Dean’s legs lock up around him. Fingertips dig painfully into his wrist, the other hand fists in the comforter near his elbow.
What really churns Dean’s butter though is the far side of the house; the split level that makes up his future apartment. The bottom level is a spacious two car garage ( though he quickly learns the garage door slides horizontally, effectively making it a very roomy one car garage and workshop). Built atop the garage is the house’s most distinguishing feature in Dean’s opinion; a rounded window wall, floor to ceiling glazing curving around to give amazing views of the surrounding woods, with a tilted saucer shaped roof perched on top.
And here Dean is, actively asking Castiel about things he probably doesn’t feel very comfortable discussing with most people. Not from a lack of trust, but because Dean appears, to Castiel, to be a rather private person who’d rather not talk about his sexual proclivities with his younger brother or coworkers.
“ Oh, awesome. Thanks, Claire.” The washer’s cycle alarm begins to buzz and Dean frowns at the interruption. “ Okay, big man. Bouncy seat time.” Just saying it causes Alex to fuss. He’s definitely more of a hands-on kinda baby.
“ No! I wouldn’t do that! There’s simply been a few times where my resolve was tested by circumstances beyond my control and--.”
Dean’s never been good with words, just not his thing. He’s a man of action, as his brother likes to describe him. Sarcastically, but accurately.
“ You should visit the farm and take some things back for your sister-in-law.” Cain finishes off his coffee.
“ Yeah. Yeah, I’m good.”  Dean swallows down the anger, the helplessness, knowing it’s not going to do anyone any good. The kids need him to keep it together and be his usual goofy self and Cas needs him to keep the kids calm. He can do this. He will do this. For them. “ Let’s go.”
“ But what are you doing Christmas Day?” Claire beats Castiel to the question he’s most curious about.
“ Lord, give me patience.” Cain rolls his eyes so hard, Dean can see the whites clear as day. Dropping his spoon into his bowl with a loud clank, Cain settles both elbows on the table and stares Dean down. “ I’m talking about you, Dean. You and Castiel.”
“ What makes you say that?” Castiel speaks quietly. Mostly as not to disturb Alex, but also because he isn’t certain he can keep his voice steady at a higher volume. Whispering is just easier.
He misses them suddenly. Very, very much. Castiel has moments like these from time to time. Sometimes at work, sometimes when out solo. Even before Jack came into the world, before they were both put into his care, Castiel would come across a particularly playful dog in the park and think how much Claire would love to pet it. Or sometimes, when he was alone in his apartment, the quiet settling too heavy and too late to call, Castiel would wish to hear her bubbling giggle and exasperated, “
Castiel doesn’t have a chance to find out what deep philosophical discussion the two are involved in because Claire is taking the afghan from him as she locks up behind them. “ Uncle Gabe said you and Dean had a lot to talk about. What were you talking about all night?”
“ I will. Promise.” Charlie bumps his shoulder and goes back to her computer with renewed vigor. Within thirty seconds she has each timestamp in her system and the face recognition set to the mystery brunette. “ We’ve got a few minutes before it spits out the results, sooooo… “ She raises both brows in expectation and waits.
The boy had finally stirred, yawning wide in Dean’s face (Dean turning away from the morning breath) and quickly slid out from under the blanket to the floor. Jack had made a beeline for the bathroom then, Castiel following with a grinning morning greeting for the sweet man on his couch who shyly waved back. So fucking adorable.
There’s a grimace, but it doesn’t completely overtake the grin and Castiel breathes out his own little sigh of relief. “ Here.” He stands and holds out a hand to help the other man up.
It is kinda weird that Cas avoids his more frequently accessible arm tattoos, but Dean figures maybe Dory reminds Cas too much of the kids. Libido killer if there ever was one.
Castiel nods, mesmerized by Dean’s reflection in the windows. He tries to keep his focus there.“ You’ve taken very good care of her.”
“ The man is a psycho, Cain. Why can’t the courts see that?” Dean spits out, spinning around and stomping back to the truck. He’s frustrated and so fucking scared of what could happen to the kids and Cas if Nicholas Fucking Alder isn’t put permanently behind bars. Or better yet, executed.
She’s vaguely familiar to Castiel, undoubtedly a patron, but one he’s only seen in passing. He’s sure he will remember next time he sees her. Until then, he has other thoughts to occupy his mind.
Cain settles easily into one, shaking his head. “ I should have texted you before I headed up. Like you, the time simply got away from me.” He smiles gratefully at the glass of herbal tea set in front of him, poured cold from the fridge in deference to the late summer heat.  “ I hope I didn’t interrupt bedtime.”
Claire’s head shoots up, indignant look blazing across her face. “ I’m not a thief, Dad! I’m a knight! Knights don’t sneak!”
Cain squeezes once, then releases Dean’s hand to curve it around his bowl once more. “ That takes time, for everyone,” he assures the younger man. “ And it takes time to figure out when one should try again.” He levels Dean with pointed gaze.
When they’re down to just boxes, and nothing anyone is comfortable with Jess lifting, they send her inside to begin unpacking as they haul in the heavier items. Some go straight into the garage for Dean to deal with later. Others, like his DVDs and gaming systems, his books and, oh yeah, his dishes, climb the stone steps and enter his front room kitchen combo.
There have been no vibrations from his coat pocket. “ Not yet. But, like you said, it will take him quite some time to get Mr. Sam and Dr. Jess settled at the hospital.”
Jess shakes her head, reaching for the last cheesestick. “ Hard to believe, I know. Jack’s like a mini-Cas. It’s insane.”
There’s barely a curve in the road, but just as Baby is coming around the bend Dean sees the blinding lights of an 18-wheeler crossing the grassy median and coming straight at them. Dean reacts instantly, jerking the wheel hard left to avoid the metal monster barreling diagonally across the road. It works until the trailer- hauling a shiny tanker of God only knows what- begins tilting toward them and in the split second before Baby clips the tail end of the tanker and flips, Dean realizes John’s arm is flung across the open space of the front seat to press Dean back into his seat.
Castiel feels the dread sink into his body, cold settling heavy in his chest, breath trapped there. The emails had slowed for a while after he’d made the special folder for them, sometimes a couple weeks going by without any word from the ominous sender. Castiel had never taken the situation to Charlie, hoping, so desperately, that the person had grown tired of the lack of response and moved on to more enticing prey. But now, it seems, the pause may have been merely a chance to lull Castiel into a false sense of security.
“ Thanks, man.” Aaron quickly exits out of his game, then saves his open documents. Castiel catches a glimpse of Jewish folktale websites and a genealogy chart. Aaron has recently become highly interested in his Jewish heritage and Castiel certainly can’t fault the young man for using the library’s resources to further his research. Or doing it on the clock. A quick glance around shows Castiel a typical Saturday crowd.
“ Yes, sir. I even remembered a box of tissues for the car. ” Dean heartily agrees, returning his teasing grin.
It’s a quick shower, though Castiel takes the full two minutes to properly scrub his teeth because last night’s sparkling cider was not kind to his mouth.  He dresses in his best boxers (which is ridiculous but they definitely give him a boost of confidence), a clean long sleeve t-shirt and well worn, faded jeans. The hoodie, t-shirt, and pajama pants had all been dropped into the hamper, but Castiel hadn’t been able to let go of the borrowed socks. He’d worn them for less than ten minutes total. And, yes, he prefers to go barefoot inside, but…
And that’s a loaded word he doesn’t think either of them are ready to drop just yet. So Castiel merely leans down and wraps Dean in his arms, still mindful of his sour breath, and whispers into the damp hair on the younger man’s crown, “ Thank you, Dean.”
Strange, but not threatening, so he stopped reading them and sent them directly to the trash. And, yes, Castiel has noticed a slight uptick in frequency since then. Every other week, then one every week, and now he’s had three in the last week alone. He glances up from his computer screen, scanning the surrounding area. The patrons are in their own little worlds, no one seems to need his help with the printer or catalog.
“ I wouldn’t do that to you, Dean.” Jess replies, one leg swinging off the couch. “ Only the last two times.”
Cas bumps his hips up, deliberately grinding their swollen crotches together, the denim just another tantalizing layer of friction.  He grins wickedly up at Dean. “ We have to be quiet. They’re generally heavy sleepers, but I don’t want--”
It’s not long before the beers are gone and no one is really paying any attention to the movie. Not even to Sam Elliott’s fabulous hair. Though, Dean would blushingly admit, the star’s deep twangy voice is definitely adding fuel to his fire as he and Cas steadily lose interest in the film and turn their focus on each other.
Thanksgiving day is spent with homemade desserts lovingly prepared by Gabriel, side dishes created by Castiel and the children, and a pre-purchased Cajun deep-fried turkey reheated in the oven. Naps and movies round out the day. Black Friday is spent baking and bingeing
“ Uh, okay?” Dean is still frowning at the information. Overreacting tiger moms and clueless dads usually elicit jokes and eye rolls. Dean has to wonder what this guy’s story is that’s gotten him the sympathy vote from the normally straightforward, no nonsense Alex. He scratches at his jaw beneath his short beard and shrugs.“ No scolding, pour on the charm.”
It had been real love, Dean has no doubts about that, and losing it had devastated him. Sent him into a self-destructive tailspin Bobby and Sam had barely managed to drag him out of. Dean knows he’s lucky to have gotten out with only a Dory tattoo, a dropped assault charge, and one-hundred community service hours for drunk and disorderly charges.
“ Whoa, buddy!” Dean grabs the seat of Jack’s pajamas and keeps him from crawling all the way into the wash. Jack looks over his shoulder, irritated and confused by the halting of his mission. Dean doesn’t want to encourage any dangerous behaviors, and playing in any kind of large appliance is dangerous, especially for small children. But, Jack obviously really wants to help. So, Dean keeps a firm grip and a stern face. “ You can only do this with a grown-up, okay? Me or Daddy has to hold onto you.”
“ Night-night, buddy.” Dean returns the hug and blows a tiny raspberry on Jack’s temple. “ Sweet dreams.” He hands Jack back to Cas, again dazzled by the smile on the older man’s face.
that might be, you’ll be top on our list to fill it.” Zachariah wanders around to Garth’s side of the space causing Castiel's hackles to rise at the invasion. “ For instance, Rowena isn’t nearly as young as she’d like everyone to believe and with her frequent absences we need someone responsible and with a certain
Dean waits until he’s alone in the den before dropping back to the couch and picking up the remotes. He begins clicking through Cas’ Netflix account as he listens to the quiet sounds of domestic life from the hallway.
“ Yeah, uhm. I’m wearing panties.” Dean’s voice, however, is quieter as he continues. And his gaze nervously flickers away, out the window, then down where he stares at their joined hands.  Might as well put it all out there. “ I like wearing ‘em sometimes. They feel good and they make me feel, uhm, sexy and, uh, you know, confident and I--I got a new pair for myself after Christmas and I’ve been saving them for today because… it’s my birthday. ” He shrugs. And waits for Cas’ response. If he likes the idea, then they can continue getting handsy. If Cas isn’t into it, well, Dean can go commando and then they’ll carry on. It’ll be fine, either way.
Until Charlie enters from the adult side staff door, full totes on both shoulders and a large bin in her hands overflowing with costumes. Castiel jumps up to help, taking the heavy bin from the petite woman and hauling it to her desk in the corner opposite his and Garth’s; double sided, ceiling high shelf system separating their areas. Castiel places the bin on the floor in front of Charlie’s desk and then reaches for one of the bulging tote bags. “ Was it a good turnout?”
“ Sure.” Charlie clicks on the thumbprint and the screen fills with various stills of the same woman. “ You know her?”
Dean squirms, head ducking in Castiel’s hold, embarrassed mumble. “ Not gonna stop bitching to ya ‘bout work. You know me.”
Eventually they get to photos that also contain Cas and both children perk up at the sight. Claire has endless stories of her father’s clumsy antics and Jack babbles on about Cas’ gummy grins. Dean can’t fight his own grin at the happiness on display in the images. Even Kelly, who must’ve been going through hell with Nicholas at the time of some of these photos, looks light and carefree with her sister and ex-brother-in-law, Claire and then tiny newborn Jack in her arms.
And then there’s a wink and a kiss blown in his direction that Castiel lazily catches and holds to his heart as Dean laughingly exits the room.
“ Bet you were a real ladies’ man, huh? “ Dean gives a lopsided grin, teasing. “ Knee deep in Bonne Bell lip gloss and tie-dye scrunchies back in the day.”
Sam and Jess both stare at him, matching looks of incredulity etched across their expressions. Then Jess turns to Sam. “ He really doesn’t know, does he?”
He nearly runs into Jess in the hallway outside the bathroom, the blonde still sleep rumpled and dazed. “ Dean?”
“ DEAN!” Sam is shouting from the other end of the hallway, exterior staff door wide open to the chilly night air.
“ Can I see Alex again?” Claire makes it all of five minutes before asking Dean to share more photos of his nephew.
Dean squirms unformatably in his chair. “ I don’t know, man. He’s got the kids and all this legal stuff…”
Cain seems to come to a decision and takes a good breath before speaking. “ I have a place you could rent and--” he raises a hand to stop any protest. “ And this is not a romantic overture or some attempt at reliving the past, I promise. I have a house that I’m currently renting to a single parent family, but there’s an apartment attached. It’s not far from your brother and sister-in-law. I do live on the property, but on the opposite side, at the lakefront, so there is plenty of … space. This is a favor, between friends.”
Thursdays at Hunters Hollow Pediatrics are typically busy and today has been no exception, if a bit rainier than most. Dean’s only been working here for a couple of months ( and living in Hunters Hollow, TN for only a week more), but has quickly fallen into the day to day rhythm in the children’s clinic. As the newest member on staff, Dean doesn’t have the patient base that his coworkers have built up over the years, which leaves him with the majority of the walk-ins. Dean is totally cool with that. It’s a bit like when he was working the Sioux Falls ER; never knowing exactly what to expect from patient to patient, minute to minute. Though here, in a small community clinic that caters only to the non-urgent under eighteen crowd, his time is mostly spent advising parents to give plenty of fluids and having awkward puberty talks with young teens.
“ I know you do. Thank you, Dean.” Castiel squeezes Dean’s raised forearm, then half-shouts toward the rest of the house. “ I’ll be back in a little bit.”
Dean hums thoughtfully, rocking back and forth from his heels to the balls of his feet. He ducks his head before asking, “ So, uhm, is demiromantic kinda like demisexual, only you know, without the sexual part?”
Once the kids get over their disappointment of Aunt Meg’s cancellation, they happily settle back at the dinner table with cookies and milk while Dean and Cas eat their fill of lasagna and salad. Claire and Dean discuss his mother’s cookie recipe and Jack engages Cas in a debate over the appropriate number of cookies a toddler should have for dessert. It’s warm and comfortable and everything Dean misses when he has to eat alone.
“ I miss Mom,” Claire sighs next to him. “ Jack’s too little to know his mama, but I miss Aunt Kelly, too. She was really nice.” There are no tears, no sniffles. Just a resignation too complete for someone so young.
Dean instantly hates it. Its mouth is open in a toothy roar, its cartoony brows drawn inward in an angry expression. Not something he thinks Jack would particularly like, despite his many dinosaur and dragon toys, which speaks to how much Nicholas Adler doesn’t know his child. “ Anything else inside the box? A card or note, or something?”
So despite this double dose of anxiety and a lack of anything other than a cold cup of coffee in his stomach, Castiel had still been taken aback by the man’s appearance when the NP entered the room. Castiel has never seen a more physically beautiful man. Stunning, really. Strong build, as tall as Castiel if not a tad taller. Short brown hair touched with dark blonde at the ends, ruffled casually. Lightly tanned skin with liberally sprinkled freckles across his nose and cheeks above a neatly trimmed beard that’s a reddish shade darker than the hair on his crown. Plush lips… And that smile. One hundred watts and one hundred percent genuine.
Realizing he’s vastly outnumbered, Castiel rolls his eyes, and stands. It’s a few seconds getting Alex secured in his bouncy seat, turned to watch the shenanigans. His big dark eyes are wide open, confused by the manic motions all around. Castiel gently boops his nose, then turns to Jack, taking his hands and leading him to the middle of the floor. He makes sure he gives Claire and Dean plenty of room, then begins carefully swinging their joined arms, leaning far to each side to enhance Jack’s giggle.
“ I’m calling in the solid you owe me from helping you move in.” Sam steps all the way into Dean’s room, expression harried.
Castiel seems taken aback by that question, and Dean is worried he may have offended the man. But Castiel almost immediately softens a bit, as though relieved, and offers the barest hint of a smile. “ Uh, yes. The angel of Thursday.” He lowers himself into the straight backed chair next to the exam bench, Jack tucked protectively against his chest.
He listens happily as he fills his plate with a little of everything and whispers a painfully grateful, “ Bless you,” for the mug of hot coffee Gabriel pours for him. His fingers brush the back of Dean’s hand as he passes the little carton of creamer.
Dean watches the figure walk quickly back to the car. “ I’d say a woman just by the way they move,” he agrees with Cain’s assessment. Even from the higher angle, he can tell the person is much smaller than the average male, both height and weight wise. They either have very short hair, or have it tucked under the ballcap. And he can just make out heeled boots on their feet. “ And those boots. I don’t know too many men who’d be able to walk confidently in heels that high.”  He checks the time stamp and sees it’s been less than ten minutes since the package was left.
Castiel watches as the younger man sets an enthusiastic Jack on the floor, careful to keep his crown on and Jack’s new headscarf in place. Dean smiles when he notices Castiel watching, already following behind Jack, lifting a hand to brush against the small of Castiel’s back, pressing a light kiss to the side of his neck as he passes by. The grin on Castiel’s face is not going anywhere anytime soon.
Jack has to get his pajamas off first because if he tries to do it standing on the stool he will fall over into the big potty again  and be all icky and Daddy will be sad and Jack wants Daddy to be proud of him so Jack unzips his pajamas
He takes extra time over Dean’s perky nipples simply to revel in the younger man’s little gasps and sighs as he carefully rolls and tweaks the small nubs between his fingers. They’re red and swollen by the time he moves lower and finds a ticklish spot low on Dean’s belly, judging by his sudden giggles. Castiel exploits the weakness, fingertips skittering, but takes pity on Dean after only a few seconds when he almost knees Castiel in the chest during his involuntary jerking.
Dean nods, letting Jack out of the headlock and helping him lean back against the couch arm. “ Bobby and Ellen will come down for the last week of December to visit. So this year it’ll be after Christmas, but they’ll be here the week of New Year’s so we’ll do Christmas then. We all go over to Sam and Jess’. Jo, Ellen’s daughter, and her boyfriend, Victor, should be there since they both work Christmas Eve shifts. Might be a bit less alcohol-soaked with Alex around, but we have a good time.”
“ No worries there. He’s so smitten with you it’s downright sickening. I can’t believe he’s managed to not make a move on you all these months.”
Ruby chuckles softly as he sits, and leans even further back in her chair, perfectly secure and comfortable. “ It was the kid, huh? Mentioning Jack? To be fair, he really did make a cute chicken.”
Dean watches as his brother and ex shake hands. Sam actually blushes, his hand pausing in the shake, before tightening his hold and replying, “ Thanks, I’ve heard lots of good things about you, too.”
Dean is still recovering from Cas’ first statement, shivers running across his skin, a low burn growing in his belly. But he huffs his own sigh and rests his cheek against the temple nearby, kissing it softly. “ Same.”
socks dirty,”) and remembers to grab the afghan from the kitchen chair before they head out into the sunny January morning.
Thoroughly forgiven, Jack twists around to pull on the tail of his sweater, wrenching it free of the loose knot. “Dinser, rawwwr!” He spreads it out on his lap and names each part of the yarn dinosaur as he points. Claire corrects him occasionally, but mostly she seems focused on the Great British Bake-Off episode on the television.
There’s another flicker of guilt over his inability to text back in a timely manner, but Dean knocks it back and pulls Cas along the lawn toward Cas’ carport. “ Here, it’s easier to go ‘round back.”
Cas’ entire aura softens, the smile on his face practically angelic. The glow of the porch light behind him adding to the effect by providing a painfully bright halo above his head. “ Thank you, Dean. You, too. I mean, if you ever need anything. I’m here.”
“ Work is fine.” Castiel jumps right in, though he knows what Cain is actually talking about. After Ruby’s unmasking several weeks ago, Castiel had decided to tell Cain about the emails and had shown him images from Ruby’s public profile. Just to let Cain know what was going on and to be on the alert for Ruby, in case she decided to start hanging around the area.  “ No emails. No Ruby. No Nicholas.” He takes in a deep breath, calming, as he brings a plate of baked ham and turkey to the table. “ No new forms of psychological terror, as of yet.”
That little gesture seems to snap Cas from whatever inner thought processes had him frozen up. There’s that slump of shoulders, a relaxing of his entire stance as he happily accepts Sam’s hand in a firm shake. “ We’ve been well, Sam. Busy, but well. Thank you.” There’s a small but genuine looking smile on his face as he gently corrects. “ And, please, call me Castiel. What you did for us…”  Cas trails off, at a loss for words.
“ Said Dean was gonna ask if he could kiss you and you were gonna ask if you could kiss Dean and then you were both gonna “
“ I think your brother’s filming us,” Dean whispers into Cas’ ear. He’s not certain whether to be amused or angry.
It’s not even a personal photo, but one of the publicity shoots from years ago, long before Jack’s time. Black and white, printed out on regular copy paper. No adornments. No name or title written in the margins.
Jack pushes a little harder, but there are only little drops now. He shakes his penis, like Daddy showed him, to get all the pee out so he doesn’t get his clean pull-up wet. Jack spins the toilet paper and he tears off a lot but then he remembers Daddy told him to, “ just use a little,” so Jack squishes all the toilet paper until it sits on top of the big roll and tears off a teeny tiny little piece and wipes his penis and drops the teeny tiny little piece of toilet paper into the yellow water.
“ Not really.” Castiel frowns at the screen. “ She was coming in as we were leaving Halloween night and spoke to us. I think I’ve seen her here before, at the computer bank.”
With the quiet music and smells of cooking and soft conversation… Castiel feels very content in this moment. Not just content, but something else, as well. Something Castiel can’t quite pin down, a silky soft thread too interwoven in the tapestry of the moment for him to pull it free for study. So he busies himself making a clumsy cornhusk doll for Jack, his thoughts lazily tipping between his son’s blatant fascination for the handicraft and his daughter’s groans at his friend’s awful jokes.
the wheels turning behind those big baby blues, the kid debating starting another hissy or cutting his losses. It reminds Dean so very very much of Sam when he was young.
“ You gonna answer that?” John snaps, pointing to the cell phone wedged between the seat and back. Angry with the electric guitar ringtone apparently interrupting his self-righteous rant.
Sam runs his hands through his hair, puppy dog eyes taken down a few notches with Dean’s acceptance. “ Thanks, really. I know she won’t skip a visit, but it really bothers me with how big she’s gotten. But I sure as hell didn’t want to say anything to her about it.”
Castiel smiles and pulls into a Dollar General lot a few minutes away. He parks the car and pulls out his phone. “ I’m going to ask Mr. Cain if he’d like a treat. “
Two hours later, both men stand to stretch, joints popping and low groans punctuating the quiet. Cas chuckles, tucking the baby monitor into his back pocket and walking Dean to the kitchen door. Security system disarmed, two deadbolts and door handle unlocked. Dean is still amazed at how quickly Cas is able to implement his lockdown routine. He steps down to the gravel drive and pauses, turning to look back up at Cas standing in the doorway.
Instead, Castiel holds out his hand, expression easy and pressure free. This doesn’t have to be complicated. It can be two friends, dancing in the living room, giving the children some entertainment and a perfect example of how to subvert the strict expectations of toxic masculinity.
Then Dean gets to it. This newest haul is to augment the Christmas stockings for his coworkers. But he’ll keep a few things for himself, too. He can’t help it. “ So awesome,” he says again as he smears some honey balm across his lower lip and smacks it against his upper. The wind has been murder lately, chapping all his exposed skin. Some hand lotion and candles, all in pine and clove scents. ‘Tis the Season, and all. And, as always, a First Kiss candle, shooting star etched into the glass.
“ Thanks.” Dean mumbles quietly, accepting the offering. He plays with the edge of the wrapper, then decides that he really shouldn’t pour an entire cup of coffee onto a nervous empty stomach and that the butter and carbs will work in his favor. He tears off a hunk of still warm croissant and shoves it into his mouth. It’s delicious, of course. Dean chews quickly, in order to get out, “ And thanks for the candle.”
We decided on cider for all in order to avoid any possible cup mix-ups. There might be a celebratory whiskey apiece once Claire is asleep. Jack is already snoring on the couch.
He just wants one nice goddamn holiday where everyone gets along or is at least fucking civil to each other. Where Sam doesn’t have to worry about bringing his girlfriend home. Where Dean doesn’t have to make a choice between seeing his kid brother and fulfilling his obligations to his father.
Cain levels Dean with a you’ve-got-to-be-kidding-me stare. “ Dean, nearly every single photo you owned was of Sam. And you delighted in showing them off, so yes, while I wasn’t certain of his surname, I was reasonably sure that he was the older version of the younger brother you so doted on.”
Dean can only stare at the man across the table, who has also paused in his work to stare back at Dean.
Castiel has just gotten a wonderful mouthful of waffle and blackberry syrup when Claire finishes her thesis on whipped cream versus ice cream and sets her tenacious little hooks in Dean. “ Dad’s eating now so you can tell us what you were talking about last night.”
“ He is. I like him.” Sam nods his head, chewing slowly. “ You should invite him to the next clinic karaoke.”
Dean does not want to be up this early on his day off. Particularly on a Saturday. Particularly the Saturday morning following the first Friday of the month that is the clinic’s traditional karaoke night. It’s possible Dean had one too many Boilermakers with Pam. And maybe sang Queen’s Somebody to Love, if his memory is at all reliable. He’s fairly certain Alex will send him any cringe-worthy video.
“ Oh, well… thank you.” Castiel finishes up the whiskey, his last of the night, and slowly gets to his feet. Every joint between his ankles and neck popping loudly.
Inside the apartment meets Dean’s needs perfectly. Cain built a small addition to the back of the rounded turret seven years ago when he’d intended on living in the apartment himself while renting out the rest of the house. It contains a small but functional kitchen that opens up into the original footprint where a dining nook has been stolen from a corner of the original bathroom and an ill placed hall closet. The nook opens up onto the Conservatory as Dean has dubbed it, which is big enough for a couple seating areas if he Tetrises it right. The original hallway opens in the center of the Conservatory’s back wall and leads to the one and only bathroom on the right, the master bedroom on the left, and dead ends at a stacked washer and dryer behind retro folding doors. Cool grays and white trim, original hardwood floor stained dark walnut. It suits Cain to a T and Dean asked why the man hadn’t moved in after putting so much effort into the place.
It’s not long before the corn is wrapped in foil and placed at the back of the grill, Dean returning inside to help finish shaping the last few patties. He charges Castiel with stirring the pot of homemade bbq baked beans on the stove before they all head outside onto Dean’s small back patio.
For the whole hour, Dean has been acutely aware of the blurry little face watching him in the window. Halfway through, it was joined by a smaller face with shorter darker gold curls.
Castiel bends down to brush a kiss across Jack’s cheek. “ Sweet dreams, Jack,” he whispers into the fine hairs above the boy’s ear. “ I love you, very much.”
“ Well, for what it’s worth, you make an awesome honeybee.” Dean’s smile freezes on his face because Cas brings a hand up to steady the headband and the pull of tight fabric across his chest causes Dean’s brain to stall out. He’s staring. He can’t not stare. And imagine how every line of Cas’ chest would be clearly visible through the tight t-shirt if Cas hadn’t layered it over his button-up.
Because it’s ass o’clock on the Thursday morning and Dean is here. In his Baby. With his recently bailed out, still drunk, moderately belligerent father in the passenger seat. Spending his well deserved sleeping time driving through the blank darkness to get John Winchester back to Bobby’s so maybe the sorry sonuvabitch can dry out for the holiday weekend.
“ I want to shove it down Adler’s throat until he chokes to death,” Castiel spits. Unproductive. He inhales sharply and clears his throat. “ I’m-uh-I’m open to suggestions.”
And now everyone is staring at him like he’s grown a second head and Cain is nudging him gently forward to get between him and the trailer. “ Eloquent, he is not. But always sincere.” He tosses a gentle wink to Dean to soften his teasing and graciously accepts the jug from Castiel, freeing up his hands. “I take it we’ve all met previously. “ His dry response gets a nervous giggle from Dean.
“ Yiss, Dat Din’s buddy.” Jack nods his head slowly, then drops onto his bottom, wiggling until he’s touching Dean’s thigh. Dean reaches over and side hugs the little boy who is still staring at the baby with mixed emotions.
Claire carefully places the llama into the front of her Moana top, trapping it firmly against her chest. The safest place possible. Then she takes Jack’s hand and turns to her father. “ We have to trick-or-treat before they close, Dad.”
He’s certainly not going to push it tonight. “ C’mon.” Dean reaches out his hand, smile soft and gentle. “ Let’s go to bed.”
Dean doesn’t remember him. It’s awful and nightmarish, what he does remember, but Dean doesn’t actually remember the screams and burning. Not like Castiel does and… And… Castiel makes a smile appear on his own face, not as easy as Dean’s, but passable. “ I’m glad you’re all right now. I’m glad... an angel was watching over you, as Sam believes.” God, he did not just compare himself to an angel. Blasphemy.“ Have a good night, Dean.” Castiel ducks his head to hide the grimace he can feel stretching his face, barely acknowledging Dean’s similar night tidings, and hurries toward the corner of the house where he can safely hide his shame.
Castiel smiles at the familiar Gaelic word for love and his daughter’s somber vow. He also inwardly applauds Rowena’s clever ceremony that keeps the toy away from the newborn’s mouth until it can be sanitized again. “ I’m certain Dean will bring the baby home to visit very soon.” Actually he figures it’ll be a few weeks at the very least, germs and all. But he can do what he can to make the time pass by more quickly. Maybe they can make a baby basket or parent care package of some kind to give to Dean to pass on to Sam and Jess.
It continues until a cold breeze sweeps across the back of Dean’s neck, right between the afghan and his hairline, and he shivers violently. “ Okay. I’m loving this romcom moment, but we need to get inside. Christ, you’re not even wearing shoes! What the fuck, Cas?”
A shaky breath escapes Castiel’s lungs. It’s probably nothing and he feels bad for dragging Cain from his peaceful evening to investigate a goddamn plastic bag, but… Castiel has learned to trust his instincts and any risk is too much where the children are concerned. So he shoves his guilt aside and hums along with the stupid song and takes the car back out onto the two-lane highway, Starbucks bound.
Castiel doesn’t have an answer, because she’s right. His fingertips dig slightly into the upholstered arms of the chair. There’s nothing he can do to keep her from coming back. It’s a public space and she hasn’t publicly caused any disruption.
Before Castiel can explore all the feelings that declaration fills him with, Claire’s voice bellows through the house, “ Dean’s here!”
It could be nothing. A confused delivery driver. Trash blown up by the recent storm. It might not even involve the car that just turned around in the drive.
Jack loves Daddy. Jack loves Dean. Jack loves Claire and Mr. Cain and Miss Ambriel and Miss Lenore and Garth and Miss Benjamina and the lady that gave him a strawberry at the grocery store and the cats that live in Mr. Cain’s barn and--
each time. Dean tells him it’s okay and waits until the bulk of wet clothing is in before scooping up the fallen and tossing them on top of their kin. Then he leans down to search the washer interior for anything plastered to the sides.
Dean eyes her for a second before shaking the offered hand. His smirk grows. “ Dean Winchester. Pediatrics NP, switch, world class cook. Cas’
Another heavy sigh, this one more exasperated. “ Yes, he’s very attractive. And funny and kind and apparently an excellent chef though I haven’t experienced it firsthand and none of that has anything to do with my current predicament, whatsoever.”
He’s happy with the fancy dressed person right here, thank you. Castiel laughs and accepts the cookie. He takes a bite, making an appreciative sound, still ignoring his brother’s begging over the phone. It’s not like Castiel wanted to go in the first place. He’d really only started looking forward to it once Gabriel had mentioned that Dean was attending with his family. So, if Dean isn’t going… then what’s the point? “ Would you like to watch a movie tonight?” Castiel takes another bite of cookie, Gabriel’s shouts disintegrating into incomprehensible babbling.
Dean stares at the toy, attempting to get his heartbeat back under control. Holding it at arm’s length, he tries to figure out why the roar was so startling. Lots of animal toys make animal noises. The suddenness was partially to blame, of course, but not to the extent it scared them both shitless. Dean squeezes it again. The roar is just as loud, though slightly different in pitch and Dean can hear the more human aspect of it. It’s not a manufactured dragon’s roar. It’s a human voice mimicking a ferocious roar. That brings up a rather sickening thought in Dean’s mind and he hopes to every god that ever was that he’s wrong as he squeezes the plushy belly again.
Sam pauses, picking at the label on his beer bottle, before quietly continuing. “ The women Nick murdered were sisters. Amelia Kline was Claire’s mother; Cas’ ex. The other was Jack’s mother, Kelly. Nick Adler is his father.”
Dean watches from the couch, pants undone, cock swollen under lacy pink microfiber - though it is quickly deflating under the stress of the moment- both stunned and impressed by the quick turnaround of events. With an amused smile on his face, he bobs his head once. “ I’ll be here.”
Castiel nods, setting his mouth in a thin line. Charlie nods back and brings the live cameras back onto the computer screen. “ She’s in the reading corner. You want us to come with?”
The pride and love in his face is painful to see. Because in Castiel’s mind, it is overlayed with the bloody face streaked with tears as Dean watched his father burn up in the very car he’s so affectionately stroking now. Except Dean obviously doesn’t quite remember it, not fully anyway. And that realization slams into Castiel’s gut like a physical punch.
“ Yoo baby, Din?” Jack is still frowning, one hand braced against the back of the couch as he kneels beside Dean. Keeping his eye on the usurper.
, is not spoken but it hangs heavily between them anyway. The older man is just waiting for the younger to bat it back, to start the fight the Wild Turkey is hankering for.
“ No one would blame you if you had, Castiel. And still desiring it now, I don’t know anyone who would blame you for that, either.”  Cain squeezes Castiel’s shoulder, warm and firm.  “ But I also think if you had, you would not be the same man right now. The man the children need and love.”
Jack abandons his toys near the basket across the room and wanders over to watch the hairstyling process, mesmerized by Castiel’s fingers deftly weaving the long strands together. Once Castiel is finished with Claire’s braids, he notices his second child sitting nearby, tugging on his own short hair in confusion. The moment Claire vacates her spot on the floor, Jack flops down into it, staring beseechingly up at his father. “ Baid, Daddy.”
“ Oh my god.” Dean can barely even imagine it, then it sinks in that, “ Wait. Cas isn’t Jack’s biological father?”
The girl handles it much better than Dean would have expected. Claire frowns at the picture but her voice is fairly even when she says, “ That’s Jack’s father. But he isn’t nice.” And she leaves it at that.
“ That means he’s not cute.” Claire confirms, squeezing between her father and Jack’s feet hanging off the couch. “ But, he’ll grow out of it. Right, Dean?”
At 6:00pm, Dean is dressed in his second best dark jeans and red AC/DC t-shirt and humming cheerfully as he carefully pulls Baby out of the garage. Front windows rolled down, radio playing quietly until he can get out onto the main road. He has Baby in
The children have two young women who share the hours looking after them, and Castiel doesn’t know how he got so lucky. Ambriel and Lenore, sisters who share an apartment near the elementary school, are capable, funny, and kind, and attained an instant rapport with both Claire and Jack. The younger, Ambriel, is a full time biochemistry undergrad at MTSU. She watches Jack while Claire is at school during the mornings and every other Saturday when Castiel has his weekend shift. Her older sister, Lenore, works from their apartment an IT tech; she takes care of Jack in the afternoons and picks Claire up from the school just down the road. Together, they keep Claire and Jack happy and safe while Castiel is at work.
Castiel sits on the edge of his bed and pulls the socks back on, blushing at the memory of Dean helping him earlier. That done, he plugs his phone in to charge and heads back into the kitchen.
“ Is this okay?” Cas’ voice is deeper than usual, rougher, but still so earnest. Always concerned with Dean’s comfort. “ Dean?”
Dean nods in thanks, giving a thumbs up as he lets Sam swing past him to lead him to their usual setup in the corner nearest the little stage. Four two-tops have already been pushed together to seat the gathering of ten. No elbow room whatsoever. Dean takes his usual seat at the far end of the grouping, tugging his chair out and falling into it with a heavy sigh of relief. Not just at getting off his feet, though that feels awesome after a hard shift, but because there’s something comforting about this place, these people, hell, even the food he can smell all around him. The atmosphere combines to settle his squirrely thoughts, his uncertainties, his many many doubts.
Castiel returns the wave and forces his body to turn back toward his home, trotting up the hill with maximum haste. Keys in the locks and he’s inside, re-locking and setting up the alarm and leaning back against the door to take in a deep trembling breath.
There’s a split second when Castiel is afraid he’s going to throw up or his legs will refuse to work, then he finds himself casually striding across the gravel toward the uniquely shaped garage door. He steps inside and listens to Dean wax poetic about the car that even Castiel can tell is in pristine condition.
“ Awesome.” Dean can’t stop smiling. A big dumb goofy ass smile. He nudges Cas toward the hallway. “ You get the bathroom first. Oh shit, something to sleep in. I could text Gabe, run over and grab something if you want? Or you can borrow something of mine?” The smile is gone. He focuses a bit more on Cas’ clothing peeking between the edges of the afghan. “  Wait, you’re already in pj’s.” He is. Pale blue with bumblebees buzzing among the cloud pattern, familiar university hoodie on top.
“ Yeah, sure!” She smiles brightly and hops up, looking back at her current interest. “ Remind me to show you the website. It’s ah-fracking-mazing!” She giggles, backing up and bumping into her chair, nearly tripping into Castiel. Something about the awkwardness reminds Castiel of Dean and his smile morphs into something a bit more genuine as Charlie laughs and stumbles her way past Castiel and into the workroom. Several of the usual patrons have been watching, most with varying degrees of amusement in their expressions. Except Frank. Frank is never amused.
Another video takes the Bee Girl’s place, this one Castiel actually recognizes because it’s one of Meg’s favorite bands. Not that she’d ever admit it. Or admit that she got Castiel hooked, as well.
. Both require him to send out final confirmation emails to the speakers, easy enough for him to do from the information desk. His adult programs in-progress include
When he turns around, Dean is watching him, gaze following his every move. Dark and hungry.  Castiel wishes he was twenty years younger because his own arousal is trying desperately to wake up his softened cock. An exercise in futility, but Castiel appreciates the effort. Instead of raging lust, he is overcome by the need to reciprocate; to give Dean as much pleasure and satisfaction as he gave Castiel earlier. More, if possible.
“ Seems like. You recognize her?” Charlie minimizes a couple windows until the original grid is no longer obscured, a dozen freezeframes of the woman filling the screen.
Castiel can feel the pleased warmth spreading through his cheeks at the compliment. He nervously clears his throat and Dean seems to snap out of his reverie, taking several steps backward. “ Come on in! The grill is almost ready and I need a sous chef. Think you can handle it, Jack?” He looks at the little boy in his arms and Jack busies himself petting Dean’s beard as he often does when within reach of the reddish whiskers. “ Is it because Daddy doesn’t have a beard?”  He casts a curious glance back at Castiel as they enter the kitchen and Dean closes the door behind them, keeping the cool air inside. September is still warm here, though the humidity has decreased considerably. Perfect weather for dining al fresco, in Castiel’s opinion.
“ Sounds like a plan.” Dean is smiling again. When Cas steps away, Dean takes the afghan from his shoulders, carefully folding it before handing it back. He knows how precious the blanket is; one of Amelia’s first completed crocheting projects. Cas says a quiet thanks and moves toward the living room, phone pulled from his hoodie pocket.
“ I know you do, darlin’. But when I’m not here you can still get in touch with me. With this.” Dean raises the little tile for Claire to see. “  Whenever you need me you can push this button two times and it makes my phone ring and I’ll come right over, okay?” He catches the little parental frown on Cas’ face and smothers a grin before placing the limitations he understands Cas wants on this new piece of technology. “ But, this is for bedtime emergencies only, okay. Or when your Daddy forgets to charge his phone.” Dean tosses a wicked grin at the other man.
When the car passes by in the opposite lane, he glances out his window, trying to see the driver. But the windows are too darkly tinted, the headlights too bright. Castiel barely makes out a person shaped blob and that’s about it before he directs his eyes forward again. There’s just something off… Instead of turning into the drive, Castiel slows down enough to get a look at the gates as he drives by.
“ Sorry, big man. You don’t need my germs.” Dean carefully puts his cup out of reach. He’s not comfortable sharing his stranger germs with Jack while he’s still recovering.  “ Can you say Dean?”
sleepy so he climbs over the lumpy blankets until Daddy snorts and Dean says a bad word and they help him get under the blankets between them. Jack wipes his itchy nose on Dean’s arm and rubs his itchy bottom on Daddy’s belly.
Currently, Gabriel is removing all the twist ties and plastic brackets holding Jack’s toys in their boxes before haphazardly wrapping them in red and green striped paper.  Jack was very patient last Christmas, but it had taken Castiel nearly an hour just getting toys out of their packaging, the items so tightly held in place by an inordinate amount of strappings it made it impossible for the toddler to do it on his own. Gabriel had mentioned the pre-wrapping removal trick (on recommendation from Kali’s sister, mother of three) and offered to make the presents more toddler friendly.
“ Uh,” Dean stalls. He’s actually really good at interpreting pre-English, but his only guess doesn’t make much sense. “ Got grape pop?”
next time.” Cas gives a long suffering sigh as he whispers to Dean. “ I’m completely over Thunder McQueen.”
And Meg really isn’t helping, being all rational and whatnot. “ I’ve known you a long time, Castiel, and I’ve
“ You speak from experience?” Castiel takes the offered hand and heaves himself up. Holy crap. These are quite possibly the most amazingly comfortable socks he’s ever had on his feet. He’ll have to ask Dean about them later.
“ I’ll walk with ye” Rowena stands, setting the books on the stool before smoothing her dress. Her smile is wide and predatory, aimed squarely at Castiel. She loops her arm through his, giving him no choice but to crook his elbow and escort her through the building. Castiel keeps his eye on Claire and Jack as the older steers the younger toward the candy stations. Garth’s is first and as the children chat up the least scariest werewolf in history, Rowena casually brings up, “ Your man is quite handsome.”
“ Meg Masters. Psych RN, dominatrix, fair cook. Clarence’s best friend.” She gets right in Dean’s space and holds out her hand. Castiel knows this look, this little game. Intimidation. Meg’s favorite.
The children converse in between bites of eggs, bacon, and heavily loaded waffles. Gabriel and Dean answer as best they’re able once they swallow their own food.  Dean and Claire are sharing the window seat so Dean can help Jack sitting at the opposite end of the table from Gabriel, the toddler’s booster seat better suited to a pull-out chair than the immovable benchseat.  There’s a place setting to Jack’s right, opposite Dean and Claire. Conversation continues as Castiel slips into his seat, though he receives a warm smile from Dean and a shit-eating grin from Gabriel.
A local phone number closes the message and Dean can feel his heart beating much too fast in his chest. It’s a simple message, very straightforward, without any romantic subtext, and even gives Dean an out.
The boy is walking as quickly as his chubby little legs will let him without actually running. Claire is right behind him, in one of Cas’ old hoodies and blue leggings. Jack decided on unzipped footie pjs over his play clothes; varying blue swirls on his pajamas, red shirt underneath. Cas is wearing his usual grey lounge pants and university sweatshirt. Dean thinks the entire group looks incredibly cozy.
Then Claire ditches Dean and cuts in on her father and Jack. She grabs Jack’s hands, the boy going along willingly, and they begin their own little mosh pit for two.
“ Don’t be. And you’re not.” Castiel moves closer, circling Dean’s wrists and gently tugging until the hands fall away and he has full view of Dean’s damp face, mouth twisted into rueful smile. “ You care about them, about their opinion.”  Dean nods. Castiel slides his arms around Dean’s waist, pulling them closer, enjoying the weight of Dean’s arms across his shoulders as the younger man hides his face in the crook of Castiel’s neck and shoulder. “ I was a bit choked up myself, honestly. Despite Gabriel’s best efforts to ruin the moment.”
“ But you’re both old, right?” Claire is attempting to get a blob of ice cream to balance on a chunk of apple.
“ Waiting is the worst part?” Castiel gives a rueful smile, then exhales and sags under the weight of worry and the platter of assorted cranberry sauces. He steps closer to Cain, though they’ve both been keeping their voices low beneath the happy chatter coming from the den around the corner. “ Honestly, it really is. Nicholas is not going to give up on getting Jack. Even if he is actually convicted and put away, he’ll continue to use his influence on his followers. Sometimes I doubt we’ll ever be left in peace. ” Castiel stares down at the blobs of deep purple-red jelly and feels a sudden wave of sickness. A dreadful certainty. “ I wish I’d killed him that day,” he whispers hoarsely. “ I tried, you know. Not just in self defense or even to protect the children. But in a rage, an absolute wave of fury at what he’d done to Amelia and Kelly. Right before the police intervened, I had gotten the hammer from him, had gotten him on the ground, and I was going to…” Castiel trails off, the memory still overwhelming even after nearly two years.
“ Hope to see you again, when Jack’s feeling better.” Dean flashes one more grin and lets go. He gently tugs Jack’s foot before disappearing from the exam room in a flutter of papers and hint of hand sanitizer.
Castiel follows Claire and turns right at her left to enter the bedroom the children share. The Batman symbol nightlight is already glowing steadily when he enters the dim room, shuffling forward to Jack’s small bed in the corner. The toddler rail is up and firmly in place, the pale green fitted sheet bare of other bedclothes. As a nervous father, Castiel had fully embraced pajamas and napsacks in lieu of blankets for his youngest charge. Tonight’s summer weight nap-sack is a gaudy undersea print chosen by Claire. Castiel manages to wiggle Jack into the oversized sack and get it zipped up without waking the boy.
“ I do, yes, but I don’t think it’s been the main reason for me not pursuing Dean.” Castiel glances around the floor and finds the matching cupboard door. He pulls it close, but merely lets it rest on his thigh, as he voices his worries. “ It’s the fear. Being afraid of something happening to anyone I get close to. It’s already paralyzing, just thinking about what could happen to the children. I don’t want to add to that.”
“ All good, “ Castiel replies, returning the slow smile spreading across the younger man’s face. “ Are you tired?” He’ll be a bit disappointed if the answer is yes, but Castiel is happy to get Dean into his bed anyway that he can.
The grin on his face causes Dean’s own smile to stretch wider and it stays in place as he and the kids are called in to load up their plates.
Claire has already climbed onto the stone retaining wall, heels thumping the weathered rock as she kicks her legs a foot from the ground. Cas lifts Jack up to sit beside her, keeping his hand on the boy’s back and his hip pressed against his side, securing Jack solidly in place.
“ Don’t get your panties in a bunch, handsome. I’ve done my job.” Ruby swings her legs out then firmly plants her boots on the floor and stands. She makes small adjustments to her clothes, checks her phone, casual. As though ending a meet-up with a friend. “ I am gonna miss this place. Much quieter than the Nashville branches. And that Aaron guy is kinda cute.”
Castiel swallows, fights for control of his voice. “ Really? That severe?” He glances down at the large ball pressed tightly against his chest. Feels the tingle along the scar under his shirt. He clears his throat. “ Were you injured, as well?”
Castiel jumps slightly, but quickly recovers with a firm, “ No, of course not.” It’s followed by a less sure, “ Did I?”
Dean recognizes the self-recrimination and rising panic and quickly heads it off with an understanding smile. “ You brought him in as soon as you realized something was off and that’s what we always want to see.” He’s glad to see Castiel relax a bit across from him, slumping in the hard seat. Jack closes his eyes and rubs his face against his father’s blue tie, which is twisted backwards against the white dress shirt. The long sleeves are unbuttoned and rolled up to his elbows, exposing strong looking lean forearms. Castiel definitely has the whole sexy disheveled daddy thing going on.
So Dean texts Cain to ask if he can bring over some apple pie in exchange for some venison chili and Cain quickly replies with an affirmative.
They’re both quiet for long moments. Meg stares out the window into the dark, Castiel stares at the middle couch cushion.
“ I do remember spilling an entire pitcher of beer on Ellen’s pool table. Completely by accident. I wasn’t even drunk yet.” Dean’s not even thinking about that, he’s still pulling every snippet of that kiss, trying to form a more coherent picture. It’s so irritating. He has impressions more than anything. Cold night air on his heated cheeks. Gravel sliding under his feet. Cain’s breath warm against his mouth. “ Dammit,” he whispers under his breath, frustrated.
“ No, thank you.” Castiel pats her shoulder, softening his features for her benefit. “ But feel free to keep watching in case she decides to drag me off to her lair.”
We’d be delighted, thank you. Let’s see, having dinner at your place, watching you drool over some atrocious 80s film. Makes me hot.
I remembered to post on Sunday!!!!   So, I've been extra scattered lately because I have been prepping for surgery next week. Which means, one of two things; I will either be exceedingly bored and get lots of extra writing done over the next few weeks in recovery, or I will be miserable and remain as unconscious as possible until I'm forced back to work :)  I'm hoping for the former *fingers crossed*
“ Thanks, man, really.” Dean shifts slightly onto his left hip, giving Claire more room on that side. Her long hair is hanging free, right within Alex’s reach, but he seems content to just watch the wavy blonde locks instead of snatching them up like he does with Jess. And just as often, Sam.
“ I try. She got totaled years ago, but I built her back up from scratch. “ Dean is trailing his fingers lovingly along a gleaming black fender. “ Better than new. “
“ Dean, we gotta go now!” Sam tosses over his shoulder as the staff door swings shut. He is apparently incapable of calm at the moment.
Dean jumps, startled by the voice so close to his ear.  He’s standing in the hallway, just outside the bathroom door, Cas right next to him. Shit, he’d gotten so caught up in his head he hadn’t even heard Cas creep up on him.
Castiel does feel a twinge of guilt for not giving Dean his full attention. He accepts the beer, their fingers sliding together in the condensation before he has a good grip on the bottle, and swallows a hefty swig before answering. “ It’s ingrained now. ” Hypervigilance, his therapist calls it.  Except, Castiel doesn’t actually feel the thrumming tension that usually goes along with having the children outside their semi-fortress of a home. Maybe it’s just normal parental watchfulness right now. Either way, Dean seems okay with Castiel’s need to have Claire and Jack in sight even in their own backyard. He takes another swallow, gaze tracking the children as they lie down and slowly roll down the hill toward the trees, Jack laughing maniacally the whole way. “ I try not to let my fears confine them, but… It’s hard. After all that’s happened, protecting them is practically all I ever think about anymore.”
since he picked John up from the drunk tank in Sioux City. Dean is honestly shocked his father even made it that far to Bobby’s before getting picked up. Even more shocked that John had made an effort to visit for the holiday weekend, especially knowing that Sam would be there as well. Dean’s heart wants to believe that Sam’s presence is the reason why the eldest Winchester was making his way back, but he doesn’t hold out much hope. About as much as he has for John staying sober after this last run in with the law.
Castiel can hear Dean lick his lips in that nervous habit of his before he speaks. “ Whatcha wanna talk ‘bout?”  Dean’s fingers slip upward until they curl into the palm of Castiel’s hand.
“ Claire, would you mind putting Rowena’s gift in Alex’s diaper bag?” Cas is smiling softly at his daughter, amused and affectionate. “ Right over there.” He points to the star printed backpack tossed into the recliner by the window. “ That way it won’t get lost before he gets home.”
Cas rolls his eyes so hard his head follows and his neck audibly cracks. “ I was a bit preoccupied with thinking I had completely ruined our friendship, not to mention any chances of a romance, and then overwhelmed by desperate hope when I saw you returning home so early.”
Dean grins as the kids wiggle into his car, Jack happily perching in Dean’s lap to use the steering wheel. Claire sits mostly in the middle of the bench seat, stretching forward to mess with the radio volume. And Cas… well. Cas is standing in the open door, one hand slowly sliding over the edge of the window. Dean watches the strong fingers curl around the metal and moulding, gripping tight. Dean’s about to ask if anything’s wrong, when the older man lets go and drops into the seat next to Claire. There’s a tightness around his eyes when he glances at Dean and smiles. “ Thank you, Dean.”
It’s been frustrating, but nostalgic. Like teenagers trying not to get caught by their nosy parents. And Dean will readily admit that not only does he like the anticipation, but he also greatly enjoys just being in Cas’ presence, no matter what they’re doing. When he ambles back to his own apartment each night he feels emotionally satisfied, if not physically (and that’s easily remedied on a nearly twice daily basis, christ he is too old to be blowing his wad this much).
“ Not intentionally.” Aaron shrugs and pulls the earbuds free, dropping them on his desk and crossing the workroom to join his coworkers. “ My playlist ended and I caught enough to keep my attention.” He scoots his way behind Castiel’s stool and Charlie’s chair to stand on the other side of her. “ So. Threatening emails from some creepy chick in the library?”
But for now, Castiel won’t push those possibly triggering buttons. Because Dean is taking the situation into his own hands, fingers blindly groping for the button at the front of Castiel’s jeans. “ Lose the pants?”
“ No. And even if we did, I don’t think a stalking case like this is going to do much more than delay Nicholas’ trial as his lawyers scramble to find a way to turn it back on me.” Castiel rubs his thumb under his chin, feeling the light scratch of stubble. It’s an oddly comforting texture.“ Besides, like you said before, this was too easy. She could have sent those emails from anywhere; her home, the office, a Starbucks across the state. But she made sure she was here and within sight each time. Because she wanted to be caught. Because Nicholas wants me to know that he has people everywhere. That I can’t escape him. “ He pauses, weighing his options very carefully. Castiel steels himself and comes to a decision. “ Is she still in the building?”
Another head shake. “ Not right now, no.” Cas pulls back just enough to look up at Dean through his lashes, his fingers twitch nervously on Dean’s back, now warm from prolonged contact with Dean’s overheated body. “ Right now, I don’t want to think about anything but you.”
They pass a young woman with long dark hair, blue dress, and devil horns headband. She has a few books in her hands and her ruby lips are curved in a laugh. “ Great costumes, guys. Awesome antenna.” She winks at Castiel.
Cas moves in again to begin placing firm, open mouthed kisses at the base of Dean’s throat. The kind that turn Dean to mush and leave small purple blossoms in their wake.
Castiel reads the stats accompanying the new little human; time, weight, length. Then the name. And now Cas better understands the evidence of copious amounts of tears left on Dean’s expressive face.
“ Okay.” Dean shifts his weight from foot to foot. Castiel only notices because Dean chews on his lower lip in sync with the motion. Then Dean is reaching out like before, a firm grip on Castiel’s shoulder. It feels just as wonderful as it did earlier.“ How’re you doing?”
, all the while making googoo eyes at Benny behind the bar. They have it good, Benny and Andrea. Dean had caught up on their ups and downs within a week of moving to Hunters Hollow and appreciates how they’ve stuck with each other. True love, soul mate, and all that jazz.
Dean snorts, seemingly more at ease, and slowly clambers out of the large bed. Castiel doesn’t bother hiding his appreciative gaze as the younger man raises his arms high above his head and stretches. Each line of muscle along his back, every soft curve along his sides. Freckles, scattered like constellations. Castiel glances over the inked lines, pushes his attention passed them and onto the neat curves of Dean’s ears. Even his ears are perfect, the gorgeous bastard.
It’s a video this time and he puts his earbuds in, not wanting to disturb Aaron at his desk across the way. It takes a moment to load, then Jess’ bright laughter is pouring through the speakers. The image comes to life, a naked Alex filling the frame, one of Dean’s hands resting on top of the little belly. The camera slowly pans up to show Sam through the open bathroom door, bent over the sink, sucking water directly from the faucet and spitting. Gagging loudly.
Sam nods in agreement with Dean’s initial reaction. “ Cas was down here visiting with Claire and offered to take Jack for the afternoon. He was barely a year old so Cas was really doing Kelly a big favor, giving her and Amelia a break for a few hours. When Cas came back to the house with Jack and Claire in tow, Nick met them at the door covered in blood. Cas tackled him and shouted for Claire to grab Jack and run to the neighbors. Claire was only four, but according to the police report she dragged Jack to the house across the street. The old lady got them inside and called 9-1-1.”
Claire asks questions, often the same ones she has before. Jack points, without touching, and sometimes repeats Claire’s questions. They slowly advance from Alex’s time in the hospital to his first day at home, then random moments over the past few weeks. Claire recognizes Jess’ parents and reminds Jack who they are when their images pop up. Jack squeals, “ Dahttah Jiss!,” whenever Jess is shown and insists on calling Alex, “ da baby.”
“ Goddammit,” Dean mutters under his breath, unplugging and replugging the data cord. Again. “ Now?”
Castiel just laughs and slants a look up at the man. “ Dean, you do not want a toddler with an open cup of bright red fluid anywhere near your upholstery. I speak from experience, believe me.”
Dean rolls forward on the stool until his knee is almost touching the other man’s, leaning in to slip a finger into Jack’s loose grasp. “ Hey, buddy.” The big blue eyes crack open. Dean smiles and pulls the otoscope from the wall bracket, slipping the hygienic sheath into place. “ Let’s check out your ears, make sure nothing’s going on there.” It wouldn’t be the first time an ear infection was mistaken for a stomach bug or bad allergies. Dean carefully inserts the tip into Jack’s closest ear, the toddler not resisting in the least. There’s some redness. “ Not too bad. How ‘bout the other?” He glances up at Castiel who gets the hint and expertly shifts Jack to his other side, exposing his left ear. Dean nods in thanks and quickly performs his inspection. Oh yeah. There’s the main problem. Swollen and cherry red. Once the otoscope is free, Jack reaches up and scrubs half-heartedly at his ear. Dean rubs it gently with his thumb, then moves on to the boy’s raw little button nose. Might as well cover all his bases. “ Real quick.” He ducks down to view the inside of the tiny space and indeed there’s some more redness and swelling. Which could just be from the sneezing and sinus drainage. Jack rubs his nose against the tie again. “ Has he been exposed to anyone with the flu in the past week, that you know of?”
“ I get it. Believe me, I don’t want that either.” Dean chuckles softly, sliding his hands down Cas’ sweatshirt until he finds the bottom hem and ducks underneath to stroke over smooth heated skin. “ Can we-ah, that’s good- shirts off? “ He catches the split second flash of
Dean quickly slips out of the cardboard based proton pack and hands it to Claire. “ Okay, Claire. I gotta help Mr. Sam and Dr. Jess so I’m trusting you with this until tomorrow. Maybe even for a few days. Can you take care of it for me?.”
A different kind of warmth envelops Castiel at the sound of his children’s voices, the sight of their happy faces at his return.  He manages to bend down and scoop them each into an arm, squeezing them against each other and kissing their foreheads. “ I missed you both. Did you behave for Uncle Gabe?”
“ But,” Castiel catches the other man’s attention, intent on making this a beginning, not an ending. “ I’d love to talk about this more with you. Or just, talking, not necessarily about Meg’s dissertation on sexual identities in the 21st century.”  He’s afraid his tone is too desperate, the joke falling flat,  his expression too hopeful. But he wants this. Dear Lord, he wants this to happen. And that desire is currently at war with the growing panic at the children being alone in the house. “ If you’d like.”
Claire pops out from behind Cas, her stocky little body pressed against the passenger side door, arms draped through the open window. Completely unruffled by her brother’s fit. Her expression is just as curious and hopeful as Dean imagines Jack’s was only a few moments ago. “ Hey, where are you going? Are you going to eat? Are you going somewhere with rolls?”
“ On one hand, I feel like he should know the truth since I’m literally next door.” Cas tilts his head to the side, staring at his open hand as though he can physically see the option in his palm.
“ Whose human shield?’ Dean is suddenly right behind Castiel, a plate of oven fresh cookies in hand. There’s a yellow striped full apron tied over his royal blue striped waistcoat and trousers, the matching suit jacket immediately draped onto a chair as soon he’d offered to help bake. There’s a tiny smudge of white flour on the knot of his tie, obscuring one of the many tiny red stethoscopes printed on the blue fabric.
Castiel grins, even though he knows Dean can’t see it. “ I don’t, no. But I decided to just go with it.”
She brings Black Abbey beer and complains about the Thighslappers in Castiel’s fridge.  Claire pulls Meg into a few rounds of Connect Four before dinner, while Jack is mesmerized by Meg’s hair all throughout dinner.  And every time Castiel meets his friend’s gaze, there is a sharp expectancy in her expression. Dean’s name is brought up solely by the children and Castiel feels a blush rise to his cheeks each time he’s forced by propriety to add his own two cents in, as it were. When the ice cream bowls are finally empty and Castiel can sense Meg’s plan to corner him in the kitchen over the sink of dirty dishes, he casually mentions the new Spongebob on the DVR and watches as the woman is dragged off to the den; a small child on each arm, a death glare aimed at Castiel.
The phone rings once before Gabriel’s cheerfully exasperated voice answers. “ Yes, we’re still on schedule. Don’t get your panties in a twist.”
Someone recently mentioned that they liked the authenticity of Cas’ library job which can be explained by the fact that I work in a library :) Cas’ day in Chapter 2 is a pretty common day at work for me; except I work all day in the chaos of Children’s.
That quickly pops Castiel’s happy bubble. He takes his phone from Dean as he rolls away, onto his back, and opens the text. Except there’s no message, just a video.  Frowning, Castiel hopes his sliver of battery life is enough and hits
Cas doesn’t seem to notice Dean’s momentary blank. He looks down at his striped shirt, tugging at the printed fabric. “ Claire insisted I couldn’t accompany them without wearing some kind of costume. I borrowed these from Garth.” He motions toward the headband as well. “ The headband isn’t too bad, but the shirt is a bit tight.
He laughs a little when Dean flips the comforter all the way to the foot of the bed, with  an extra dramatic flourish, then pulls back the covers and holds them up for Castiel to crawl over the wide expanse of mattress and settle near the wall. In all honesty, he’s not married to either side of the bed, but there is something comforting about having the wall at his back and Dean’s solid body at his front when the other man slides next to him, pulling the sheet and blanket up to their shoulders.
“ Dean, your incredible capacity for emotion is one of the reasons I began a relationship with you in the first place. There’s no shame in that.” Cain gives Dean a very serious look, meaning to be taken at his word. His hand remains snug around Dean’s wrist. ” And you know that’s not why I had to end things between us.”
“ That’s okay. The important thing is that you tried, right? ” Claire asks, parroting Castiel’s oft repeated mantra when the children fail at some new skill.
“ No,” Castiel mumbles through a sigh. He shifts forward onto his knees and presses his weight- carefully- onto the door until the opposite edge finally pops into place between the hinges on the cabinet. Exhaling loudly, Castiel flops back onto his butt and takes a swig of whiskey. He squints, eyeing the half finished playset. “ Are you sure this will fit in my car when it’s done?”
“ Cold’s affecting your brain.” Dean would honestly love to just haul Cas up into his arms, bridal style, all knight-in-shining-armor, but he knows his physical limitations and doesn’t want to injure himself, or Cas, on their first real night together. So they jog through the backyard until they reach Dean’s kitchen door where Dean manages to get his key into the lock without too much fumbling.
Dean freezes. His first instinct is to pull away, prevent himself from fucking it up worse. But that’s his insecurities talking, so Dean swallows that impulse down and goes with his next urge. He slowly flattens his hand against the warm skin, covering the thin lines sprawled across the back of Cas’ upper arm, and ducks his head to rest his lips against the shell of Cas’ ear. “ Sorry,” Dean breathes.
fallen open on his chest. The phone nearly vibrates itself off his nightstand and Dean grabs it from the edge. Cain’s number pops up with a blank face icon. Dean stares at the screen, swallowing thickly. He can still back out, but… Dean opens the message before he can stall any more.
Dean approaches the table and lets her sound it out, nodding his consent for her to touch Dory to see if the tattoo ,”feels different”. She’s disappointed that it doesn’t. Then her attention is snatched by the design above Dory. “ Is that your hand?”
“ Dean? Will you take the possible flu in room three?” Dr. Moseley curves her hand over Dean’s shoulder, squeezing gently.
Sam’s grin grows. “ He has a poster sized framed copy of it right behind his desk, where the poker dogs used to be.”
Sam shakes his head, frowning at his brother across from him. “ Dude, it was all over the news last summer. It’s still making news. My ex-coworkers are working it and I
“ And baby smooth cheeks.” Sam is sitting in the recliner near the windows, bottle feeding Alex. “ Okay, it’s weird seeing you without the beard, man.”  He frowns at Dean’s barely stubbled chin.
“ Claire, please!” Cas struggles with the toddler in his grasp, backing up enough to keep Jack from kicking the car again- or Claire- and to get a better look at the abused door below. “ I don’t see any marks, other than dirt, but I’ll--”
Dean feels his heart breaking the tiniest bit and gets his arm around the little girl. He squeezes Claire against his side. “ I miss my mom, too. And my dad. We’ll always miss them, but we know that they love us and that they’re proud of us. Right?”
Castiel stares coldly at her, jaw clenched so hard he feels he might crack a tooth. There’s so much rage roiling beneath the ice he’s hiding behind. To keep his calm and not be arrested for assaulting this utter bitch.
Dean flashes him the brightest smile before disappearing around the corner and Castiel mentally catalogues what’s in his fridge, intent on making the best breakfast possible with his meager cooking skills.
“ That’s cool. Thanks for telling me.” Dean’s voice is quiet, sincere. “ I know it’s not always easy to bring it up.”  He clears his throat, slightly rougher than Castiel previously, and his gaze skitters all around Castiel without landing on him. “ I’m bi, as far as I can tell. But open, I guess, to other possibilities. And, uhm, hyperromantic? Is that a thing? I feel like it should be a thing.” Those green eyes- blazing in the security lights- finally connect with Castiel’s, albeit through his lowered lashes. Cautiously seeking affirmation.
“ Angels.” Claire corrects patiently. She reaches over and opens the book, letting the wide cover flop into her own lap. “ That’s Mom and Aunt Kelly when they were little. Mom was my age and Aunt Kelly was Jack’s age.” She’s quieter now, though no less enthusiastic as she tells Dean about each picture.
Castiel stares at the message over Dean’s head and sighs heavily. “ I love my brother, but I may kill him.”
Jack watching avidly, Claire now leaning over Cas’ couch arm. It’s a picture of fucking perfectly happy domesticity.
s, two times, really quiet, and turns the water off. There’s a lot of bubbles on his hands and he can’t reach the towel Daddy uses to dry his hands and if he wipes them on his pajamas his pajamas will be wet and icky and Jack doesn’t want that so he looks around for something fluffy to dry his hands on.
“ I did,” Castiel agrees with a put upon sigh. “ I was thinking about where I’m going to hide all your Christmas presents and got distracted.”
Dean nods silently, head still so full of fear and anger. He bends down to grab the bag it came in, holding it open for Cain to place the box inside.
Cain takes the entire thing and pats Dean’s back with his unoccupied hand, leaving it in place for long comforting moments. “ I’ll keep it at my cabin. No reason for the children to ever know of its existence.”
In reply, Cas tilts his face up and leans in for a long, slow kiss, his hands never leaving their places at Dean’s waist. Dean lets his own hands drop away, curls them loosely around Cas’ elbows, just wanting the extra little points of physical contact to steady himself.
There’s a long pause and Dean can see Cain taking his time to correctly word his answer. It comes out evenly, despite the slight hint of uncertainty in Cain’s gaze. “ I didn’t think it was appropriate, honestly. I wasn’t sure how much he knew about our relationship. Or if you wanted the reminder.”
He slams the truck door and watches his breath steam out in the cold dry air. Cain’s reflection moves in the rearview mirror, dropping the bag into the storage box in the bed of the truck, then climbing behind the wheel, door shutting not quite as angrily as Dean’s. He pulls out his phone and types a few moments. “ I’m letting Castiel know it’s safe to come home. Would you mind watching the children for a bit, while he comes to the cabin?” Cain doesn’t look up, but noticeably pauses in his message.
