It was better to have it and not need it than to need it and not have it.  That was what he told the other Howlies anytime they went out into the field.  He remembered tucking spare clips into Bucky's pockets, murmuring the same phrase, tenderly.  He remembered how they'd avoided looking into each other's eyes.  Bucky had clearly been embarrassed to be ordered around by an omega.
Steve couldn't feel anything himself.  Considering the recent weird feeling in the pool, he was suddenly worried that this was some sort of bond exploitation.  Was this HYDRA?  He couldn't rule out Bucky, could he?  Could an Alpha feel an Alpha
.  A man held out a water bottle, tentatively. Steve took it without thinking and downed it and then one of the men promptly ran the butt of his gun into Steve's head, knocking him out.
Steve would have pinned Fred as being in his late twenties or early thirties, certainly not "old."  Yet compared at the auction crowd, they were all ancient. Steve knew the legal bonding age was seventeen, but some of these kids looked like they had literally
Tony stared unabashedly at Steve as he prepared the bath, running around the bathroom almost obsequiously, grabbing towels, salts, soaps, everything.  Classic nesting behavior.  It was weird to see Steve- Captain America- so intensely focused on such mundane tasks.  Tony let Steve set him gently into the marble bathroom and he moaned luxuriantly, tilting back his head and spreading himself out.  He felt one of Steve's legs touch his.  He glanced up lazily.
"Can you believe that?" said Natasha.  "...I guess they saved money. Oh, but they put a tracker on Phil, since he's not bonded.  Said they couldn't trust an unbonded omega."
want to give it to me now?"  He could honestly not think any anything Steve could have packed that Tony would want.  Tony had everything and if he ever needed something, he could just buy it himself. Plus, Steve no longer had money to just toss around.  Well, he had Tony's money, but still.
"Well... I was gonna take Malick's shirts to the dry cleaner's and then go upstairs and nap," said Tony.  "But if you want to face the crowd, we can do that. They, uh, might not be happy to see us. I mean, you're in a collar and I'm dressed like a squirrel and we're at an Alpha conference.  But whatever you want, man. ...the press will want statements."
Steve finally determined Tony was comfortable enough and he took a stack of mail, handing Tony another stack.  He settled next to Tony and Tony leaned in to him, pressing their shoulders together.
"Back in the forties we weren't allowed to drive without a special license, you know," he filled in quietly as they stopped by the car.
"Steve, I'm... I'm not a good person.  I wanted to save the world.  I wanted to save the world and I couldn't even save Yinsen.  I'm... I'm..."  There wasn't any word for what he was.  Tony's brilliance had wrought more destruction than he'd ever be able to make up for.  Ever.  And everyone loved Iron Man so much that they didn't see what he was doing for what it was.  It was atonement and it was too little, too late.
There was a tentative knock on the door.  Tony could practically hear Steve's teeth grinding over the pattering spray of the shower.
"I know," said Steve with a small smile as he tore off a piece of gauze.  Tony's whole body shivered and tensed at his touch.  It hurt, yes.  But more importantly, Steve was touching him.  They were holding hands.  He closed his eyes as Steve slowly, slowly wound the end of the bandage around Tony's palm.  "...did you hear what I said?  About Natasha teaching me Russian?  I'm sorry if you felt like we were talking behind your back."
Oh boy, Steve thought. They hadn't really spoken since Tony's simulation, not more than a few words at the most. He didn't know what this was about. Maybe it was about Bucky. Steve hadn't had any more dreams, which had lulled him into a (false?) sense of security. Maybe he was just being silly. Maybe it was just HYDRA messing with his old bond.
"Already been," Steve waved off his concern and dropped into the backseat with a relieved sigh and a thank you. Even the car smelt like Tony a little.  It was comforting after the day he'd had. He curled into the seat, willing the smell to be stronger.
Tony tried to force a smile; he wanted to say something nice, but instead, he blurted, "It's like a real-life horror story, Steve.  ...Eighty-four camp with twenty omegas apiece, that's 1,680 kids 'enrolled' in these programs, being treated worse than animals. And-- and it could've been you.  It could've been
Phil sighed and wrapped his knuckles on the helmet.  "Let's take a break. Go back to the flowchart. We can probably eliminate at least half of the known bases as holding sites, right?"
He swung out of bed, unconcerned with his nudity, and stumbled over to the bar to grab himself a drink.  "Why'd you let me sleep so late?" he asked as he pulled out a decanter full of whiskey.  "I wanna be with you, Steve.  You should've woken me up.  What have you been up to for the last three hours?  ...did you call President Ellis back?  What did I miss?  I'm serious, I don't want to sleep through my whole honeymoon period..."  He threw back a glass of liquor and then poured himself a second one.
Tony huffed (his breath came out in a puff of steam) and then he looked over to Steve.  "Welp. This is the first stop, Cartier. Then we've got Bulgari right after that." They were on Fifth Avenue, which Steve had last seen when he'd woken up.  A year unfrozen hadn't made it any less confusing or noisy or flashy. The crowd was thick and there were signs everywhere. But it didn't escape Steve's gaze that there were six strategically-placed, well-dressed men in a semi-circle around them.  Of course they weren't going anywhere without the detail; Tony's entourage had followed them from the hotel and was currently scanning around them, even though, in the hustle and bustle of the sidewalk, no one had immediately recognized either Tony or Steve.
!" The other shoved a gun against his temple. Steve dropped his gun and then dropped to his knees. "That's it. Good b-" he began.  He never finished; he let out a whimper as Steve reached out and gripped his crotch
Steve rolled his eyes. "You're terrible," he said fondly, not really meaning it. He took a moment to watch Tony and to focus on the feeling of his arm around his waist, the engineer's hand squeezing at him in a silent sort of command. He shivered involuntarily but didn't move just yet, as if he was holding his ground as he held Tony's gaze too. There was a glint in his blue eyes of a mischievous kind.
Happy shrugged as Steve slammed the door in his face, and went back to his car to return to his proper employer, Tony.
"I love you," he whispered as he curled his legs away from Tony's waist and let them rest against the countertop. Steve's eyes glinted with mischief. "Sorry about the marble."
He stood and walked over to kiss the top of Tony's head. "Sleep well Tony," he murmured. "I'm glad I could help." Then he sat by the bedside, hands carding through Tony's hair until he drifted off into a troubled sleep of headlights moving down long, winding roads and pleading brown eyes.
He blinked slowly, expression blissful. "I'm sorry too," he whispered.  "I didn't enjoy lying to you," Steve continued. "But I still did it. And I'm glad I did. The Tony Stark I was told about before I worked for you was worlds away from the reality," he murmured. "You surprised me Tony, pleasantly so. And after waking up having missed 70 odd years of history... not much surprises me.  Anyway, I kind of pride myself in being uppity, if I know what that means. Which I think I do..."
"Hmm... Joey..." considered Donner thoughtfully.  "...how about something festive?  Since he'll be born in winter?"
Steve dressed in all black. He had a knife in his boot, on in his wrist and two larger knives at his waist (courtesy of Natasha. A birthday present.) There was no need for a shield against HYDRA. Steve was fed up of being on the defensive. He pulled goggles over his eyes that let him see in the dark and could pick up on heat signatures too. It was StarkTech. Steve didn't like to think about that right now.
He yanked his hand away from Fury's grasp and together,they sprinted down the fire escape. Steve's leg was throbbing but if they'd hit an artery he figured he would be on the floor already.
Tony leaned down to nose behind Steve's ears.  "Yeah... that's it... get it out, baby... good omega..." he encouraged, pumping Steve's dick.  He rubbed his thumb over the exposed head, smearing precum over the foreskin and shaft. "You want to cum in my mouth?  You want me to swallow?"
about it.  Steve, an omega, pinning Tony, an Alpha.  Tony was feeling the same sort of thrill he got from having the girl on top.  (This happened to be one of his favorite positions.)
"It's okay Steve," he put a hand on his shoulder and squeezed. "Why don't I get you a cup of tea, yeah? Something warm will make you feel better."
Steve was giving off vibes of hurt and shame.  Tony would have liked to go off on him about Bucky but he was too tired to dredge up the energy necessary and besides, Steve was already low.  Tony would have been, too, in Steve's position.
"It was a very nice speech," conceded Justin smoothly, shouldering Pepper out of the way and taking a step forward.  His hands were still casually in his pockets, but he and Tony were standing far too close to each other.  "But not grounded in reality, if you want my opinion.  Statuses are an inherent part of a person's biology.  Omegas
"I can come with, when you go see T'Challa...if you want," he suggested tentatively.  It was blatantly obvious at this point that Tony was not dealing with the news of Wakanda well.
Steve turned and pressed a kiss to the top of Tony's head. "This isn't your fault. You know that, right?" he whispered.
. He had to get out. Steve couldn't breathe. He couldn't think. He just got on his bike, foregoing the helmet, and
"...yeah," agreed Tony.  Nonetheless, he couldn't shake the feelings of guilt.  Guilt and loss and... everything bad, really.  He gave himself a shake and then gave a practice smile in the mirror.  "I doubt he'll miss his own dinner.  Heck, bet he'll beat us there.  ...where's Dani?  I need another drink."
Tony eyed him for a moment, then shook his head.  "No way. I want to get my vacation started. Me and Steve have been planning this for months."  He wheeled around the pointed to Pepper. "Are you gonna call her?"
A few guards spotted them on the way and tried to shoot. The bullets pinged off of the Iron Man suit like nothing.
Steve pulled back a fraction, blue eyes mischievous. He almost looked proud of himself. "So yeah. That's how it is for me."
"Stan! What are- Stan, don't! It's not safe!" Pepper hollered after him, Happy holding her back from joining Steve out on the track. He knew it was dangerous. Reckless. But everything was just white noise around- the roar of the crowd a distant sound. All he could see was Tony. And Tony was in danger.
Tony lunged; Clint managed to grab him before he reached Sitwell.  Sitwell got out of the chair so fast he knocked it over; he squashed himself against the wall, looking terrified.
Tony beamed at Steve.  While Steve fiddled in the bathroom, Tony zipped around the room, checking the orchid by their bed and getting himself a drink from the bar and making minor adjustments to the telescope by the window, the whole time talking, more to himself than Steve, about all his plans for the Mark VII.
"I'm going to tell you something." Steve said quietly, still not quite meeting Tony's gaze. "And I need you to just listen, okay? You can have your say when I'm done but I need you to just listen for a while, Tony...I'm not good at talking about this," he murmured, clearly uncomfortable. But it wasn't Tony that Steve was uncomfortable with; it was himself. He let out a quiet sigh and screwed his eyes shut briefly before he spoke again.
"It's not code. It's a weapon," said Steve, holding up the picture of the cube. "It's a weapon that Johann Schmidt was going to use to destroy the world, and he nearly succeeded. SHIELD shouldn't be messing with it. They must have found it when they found me.  This really isn't good, Tony. They have
"Then I'll take fifty. I don't care," Steve grunted as he pushed himself off the wall and stood up. He rubbed at the back of his head as he moved to turn off the treadmill. It was sore to touch. "I do
"Well, you're one of the lucky ones, then.  ...I know it's not pleasant.  But you're all done now.  You can stand whenever you think you're ready."
His footsteps made a slow, hollow clanking noise as he approached the open area.  Several drones stood there, faceless, lifeless.  Hammer was there, looking shocking unconcerned with the situation.  A second suit was there, the long whips trailing from its arms ominously.  A woman he didn't know, looking lithe and dangerous in tactical gear; there was a SHIELD patch on her upper arm.
His eyes snapped open.  Four people were staring at him.  All men, all Alphas. He recognized Karpov and thought he'd probably met the other three, though he couldn't recall.
"We'll think about it. Thank you, you've been very accommodating," Steve said with a signature 'cap' smile. Honestly, all the collars looked the same to him; over the top and unnecessary. They were heavy and no amount of suede or fur would make them comfortable. Lydia didn't look happy at them leaving but Kitty just looked excited to having gotten to see him.
Tony looked down at the mug in his hands.  Well, he'd certainly gotten DeSoto's attention.  Frankly, DeSoto seemed desperate for any sort of positive reinforcement, and little wonder, considering his Alpha thought it was good sport to make him fight other omegas.  It was odd, so odd, like there were two Rons, because one of them was a tyrannical asshole who waved guns at his partners and the other was a guy Tony had played poker and shared a glass of gin with the night before.  Ron had seemed normal. It was like these types of Alphas were vampires or skin-walkers or something, and the idea that Tony had probably interacted with plenty of them in his day-to-day life without having any idea what the domestic situation was like creeped him out.  Like that guy he'd seen who was a Stark Industries big-shot... how many Alphas in his life were terrible people behind closed doors?
Bucky stared blankly for a moment, then said, "Maybe it's happiness."  He reached for his notebook with his right hand. It was slowly filling up with half-memories, most of them murders.  That was what he remembered best. The people he killed.
. "And then green one? Damn. I liked that one." He almost pouted. "You owe me a new top," he decided before moving to lie down in his own bed. Next to Tony Stark.
Natasha reached over and flicked off the radio completely, then removed her headset.  "I don't doubt he's good at tech. I don't doubt he's going to be irreplaceably helpful when we need to get access to the lower levels.  But is he going to be okay? Because the serum research... that has a lot of
, I would think you were propositioning me."  His voice grew a little more serious. "Of course, you don't have any other real bargaining chips right now, do you?  Your unfortunate little stunt looks like it's going to shut down quite a few schools owned by Trinity Corp., which, I'm sure I don't need to tell you, I had ample amounts of money invested in.  This is a very unfortunate turn of events for me, this unpleasantness with all the schools you're shutting down. And here I thought you'd behave, considering how generously we let you and your mate go overseas for your anniversary, and how lightly we decommissioned you.  You realize, of course, that you're still partially government property, and we didn't have to let you go at all. But
Tony watched Steve jog down the drive and out of sight.  His "jog" was like a regular person's sprint.  His loping pace was easy, graceful.  He made running look like it was easy and fun.
"...maybe I should turn on the lights," offered Tony, running Steve's soft blond hair between his fingers.
He padded into the bathroom to find Steve; he was perched on the edge of the tub, testing the water, making sure it wasn't too cold or too hot.  Tony's heart swelled with affection.  He sat delicately beside Steve and rested his chin on his shoulder, slipping his arms around the other's waist.  "I can't believe I did that.  ...I can't believe I did
Steve sang a few songs with her, ending on “We Are Never Getting Back Together.” It was fun. Laughing and dancing with someone who was more his own age. She was funny and sweet and Steve almost felt an overprotective itch like he was an older brother. But that was also an omega thing. They protected their own, just like Danielle said.
Christine gave a tiny, annoyed glance over at Tony, then turned her attention back to Steve.  That happened sometimes. A lot of omegas still hadn't forgiven Tony for his and Steve's two-month separation and Steve's being force-bonded.  They probably never would. Steve's interview, the one that had gone viral, was still out there, circulating on the internet, and Tony had seen a lot of nasty comments on it about how everything that followed was Tony's fault.  The one that had hurt most wasn't even the most vicious. Someone had simply stated, "Steve deserves better anyway... he should go back to his other Alpha."
Tony threw back the drink obediently without breaking from his pacing and handed her the empty glass wordlessly.  He couldn't calm down.  The ticking time bomb in his chest... the thing with Vanko... Steve hurt, probably because of him... and on top of all that, there was something else... something wrong... Tony wasn't sure what but it made him feel jittery and anxious.  He wanted to hit someone.  Hit someone
"--that was the last time I saw him.  Fighting, yelling... twenty-two years ago.  It's been too long. He's dead. I know he's dead."  Clint voice was bitter but had gotten back its steadiness.  "...thanks for telling me, though, Steve."
"The health insurance is good," Phil filled in conversationally. "Though we really should be leaving..." He said and glanced to Clint.
Tony backed off just enough to flip Steve over, pulling down his pants to rub himself between Steve's legs, feeling Steve lubricate him, feeling Steve's hips buck under his.  Steve let out a cry of protest when Tony untangled Steve's legs from his waist but almost immediately melted into submission at his touch, letting Tony rearrange him to his liking.
"That really is none of your business." Steve breathed, "what I can or can't feel. But I would not call it a quartet or a triad.  I would call it a
Tony stuck out his leg, hitching up his pant leg and pointing his toe in a mocking pose, like a pin-up model.
"...Steve... you can't just throw forty thou at a Domino's pizza driver."  He looked over at Doug. "Don't worry, Doug, I'm not gonna take it away, it's just that Steve has this habit of throwing money around and it makes my accountant get on my case.  Steve. You're literally doing an education charity thing tomorrow. Focus on that, not on delivery boys." He looked back to Doug. "...don't just stand there, we just gave you forty-two thousand!  Keep pancakin', Doug!" He turned back to Steve and explained, "I already promised him two thousand for the pancakes."
"...at least it's not an orchid," he joked, pointing.  "...listen, I'm... I'm gonna go back to bed. I'm sorry everything feels so crappy, but it's gonna get better.  Just think about Malick's face when we show up to the AU conference in a couple of weeks." Tony offered Steve a little smile of encouragement.
The taste of blood was a surprisingly good wake-up call.  Tony yanked away.  "Oh, shit... Happy, I didn't mean to-- I'm sorry, I-- I thought you were--"  Tony was too embarrassed to finish.  He'd thought Happy was trying to take his omega.  Happy, who was a beta.  Happy, who was straight.  Happy, who was one of his closest friends and would never dream of doing such a thing.
coming!  ...and yet, you didn't actually respond, did you?  I'm still not allowed to flirt? And you still can't actually look me in the eye over these scars, can you?  So what if you have to bury me... Steve, Alpha pride is
to sleep with Tony was gross. Did he have no loyalty to his own Alpha whatsoever? Was there no shame?
Steve hummed in approval as Tony licked into his mouth and stroked at his entrance. His hole twitched and he rocked his hips down subtly, encouraging Tony's fingers inside as he ran his own hands down his arms and chest. Then he slid his fingers down to curl around Tony's own member, which was half hard already. Steve gave his cock a few experimental strokes, swiping his thumb over the head and smiling against Tony's lips at his reaction. They had worked themselves up into quite a state very quickly, their kisses breathless and hips rocking together at a lazy but firm pace.
The house looked stark white compared to the surrounding landscape.  It was night but the house stood out, its warm glow creating a mellow mood.  "JARVIS, hook me up to the radio on that chopper so I can say hi," demanding Tony, wobbling in the air.  People underappreciated the effort it took to remain steady. Lots of tiny adjustments. Made you real sympathetic toward hummingbirds.
"Steve and me... we can feel his other...."  Tony's concentration on the sandwich was intense.  Perhaps to distract from his words. "...feel his other Alpha.  Earlier they... swapped, I guess."
Tony wouldn't admit it directly, but he'd spent a lot of his lonely Christmases binge-watching holiday specials while getting drunk.  In fact, last year, he'd ended up weeping at a Mormon Christmas special called "Mr. Kruger's Christmas." In his defense, he was three bottles of wine and a bottle of eggnog in at that point.
He had plenty of interviews after Christmas, one actually on Banksy's show. Steve crashed an SNL sketch to return as the president because he'd been so popular before. He went on chat shows, more interviews. Without Fury beckoning him this way and that Steve had more time on his hands now. Pepper and Aria had even forced Tony into some more Alpha-orientated stuff too.
Lawrence laughed, deep and heavy.  "Folks around here are gonna have a field day, for sure," he agreed.
exclaimed Tony.  Several of them looked up with interest at Tony Stark, then did a double-take when they realized he was with Captain America.  Tony either didn't notice their surprise or didn't care.  "Be careful with that sofa, okay?  That's a designer sofa, they only made like five hundred.  C'mon, Steve."  He tugged Steve's hand and strode across the wide, airy living room, slipping on a pair of sunglasses as he walked out the front door.  Happy was standing in front of the house, leaning against a car, also in sunglasses; it was already hot out.
?" he demanded petulantly.  "Why can't we get food? Why can't we mate?  Why can't we at least stop somewhere for a pack of smokes?  Geez Louise, Stevie, I
Tony was silently reassuring himself.  He'd had seventeen bullshit paternity suits; surely he had nothing to worry about.  He was already back to researching the Barnes brats.  According to public record, Barnes was, in fact, a grandfather.  Weird to think about that.  Steve and him, they had nothing to worry about; was Steve even fertile?  Doubtful.  They were surely fine.
In the MCU, Steve was born in 1920; in the comics, however, he was born in 1918.  We went with the comic canon birth year of 1918.
"Well, good for you," he said patronizingly.  "...if Mr. Stark wants me, I'll be here all day."  He sipped his rum, not budging from the couch. It was a dismissal.  DeSoto might have acted terribly submissive when it came to Alphas, but clearly, he had no trouble treating his fellow omegas like equals.  The sad part was that his opinions and ideas were clearly not his own, but his Alpha's. It was Stockholm syndrome to the extreme.
Dr. Gleason paused and Steve could only imagine him struggling to keep a calm demeanor.  "...we can't really say whose it is, Mr. Malick. At this time it's too early to conduct any sort of parental test."
"If we take down Trinity, the rest should be a piece of cake," Kerry said. "They have the most money so they'll be the hardest to take down."
admit this out loud) that was the most naked he had even seen a woman in real life. Sure, he'd seen them in movies (God, he sounded like a child) and after looking up porn once (and discovering that it very much wasn't for him) he'd seen a few naked women then too.  But in real life? Nope.
Tony realized as soon as the thought flitted through his mind that his instincts were pushing him to fight.  To fight to the death.  Something that feral Alphas did over bonding disputes.
, agent, so you better be kind to him," Aria said, her voice trembling a little. She shot Pepper a grateful look.
Donner had finally taken a very small sip of champagne; he began coughing.  Banksy patted him on the back. "S-sorry," said Donner. "I've n-never had-- had alcohol before."
Tony stuffed his hands into his pockets, not wanting to hold Steve's. Not because he didn't want to, but because he didn't want Steve to think he was scared or needed the comfort.  Hell, he'd nearly
She tried every trick in the book, including bribing him with alcohol, but Tony was gone.  She got him out of bed and made him drink a glass of water and choke down a grilled cheese sandwich, but it was like pulling teeth.  She hadn't seen anything this unsettling in a long, long time.
Tony looked at the light in alarm; it was clearly huge and very heavy.  "Do you need help--" he began.
He let Tony's calming words wash over him and calm him marginally. Steve swallowed and trembled. He could feel Tony's hands on his waist, encouraging him to turn over, but he didn't want to-- he couldn't face him. Steve shoved his face against the pillow. "I can't-- I don't know how to do this. I don't know
Okay.  Okay.  This wasn't a big deal.  He'd change the core when he got home.  He was going to be fine.
"Hey," said Tony gently.  He wasn't sure where he was going with that, so he just repeated it.  "...hey."
Tony may have been rich and spoiled and out of touch, but he knew he wasn't a snob.  Except sometimes when he was being ironic.
"Natural blond," he confirmed, ducking his head and grinning.  He couldn't help it.  Tony had never taken anything seriously in his life.  And this, this felt more serious than possibly anything he'd ever done.  It terrified and thrilled him.  He had no idea why.  But he understood this was monumental, had some gravity to it.
Tony swallowed.  Would it be wrong of him to pursue this?  He could be playing into Fury's plan.  Who knew anymore?  Nothing had been certain these last two years, ever since Afghanistan.  Everything in his life was completely back-asswards.  His assistant was now his CEO and his omega was an undercover agent and he'd been dying and now he wasn't, and Justin fucking Hammer was trying to get his foot into the door of the Expo--
"...please," said Tony quickly, hoarsely.  He was good at compartmentalizing; he didn't want to talk about the hand thing, not now, not while he was still hard and buried into Steve.  Actually, he didn't ever really want to talk about it.  He just wanted to fuck his omega and then go get lunch.  He put his hands back at his sides, fingers flexing; he could still feel where Steve had touched him and pinned him.
He took a couple steps forward and laid a bare hand on the icy marble of his mother's tombstone, staring at it for several more long minutes.  Then he nodded.
Captain. Once he was back in the field they'd fall into their usual routine, Steve was sure. Natasha was decisive but she didn't like leading. She was already moving towards Clint's side now she was out of Tony's view- privacy was less of a need in front of men like Phil who'd known them for years.
He almost asked Steve to swear he'd never tell a soul, then realized Steve wouldn't, not in a million years.  The only thing more embarrassing than Tony being turned on by this was probably anyone knowing that Steve had willingly put on the uniform for him.
Tony was coolly hanging out as if unaware he was partially clothed.  Thank Tesla for sunglasses; Tony wasn't sure he would be able to maintain composure if he couldn't hide behind them.  He wanted to crack up, and he also wanted to haul off and punch Ron. But instead he was engaging in polite, calm conversation.
Tony almost wanted to give Steve what he wanted, offer him a pleasant, token "please," only because he thought Steve might like it.  But he had always been obstinate, and he was an Alpha, and he thought manners were stupid.  Case in point: moments earlier he'd been drinking from the carton in his underwear while Fury watched.  Tony considered his irreverent attitude a fundamental part of his person.  And a strong Alpha didn't take orders from an omega.  Even if the omega in question was taller, heavier, stronger, and currently had him pinned.
for that kind of behavior... and now, I am going to throw up."  With this calm pronouncement, Tony leaned over and began retching, an entire stomach's worth of Jack Daniel's coming up with fairly impressive force.  Tony had the presence of mind to feel disappointed by that.  He needed that alcohol.  He needed it to numb the pain, to give him courage.  He never would be talking to Steve if it weren't for the alcohol.
"Gorgeous," pronounced Keisha, giving Steve's face a few final pats with a little powder brush.  She smiled at her work.
"Sure thing," Mac said, appearing out of the crowd that had taken Pietro and Wanda away. "Where do you want him?"
"F-Feels so good," Steve stuttered, sweet and breathless as he rode him, his blue eyes darkened with lust and something more. His fingertips were definitely leaving cracks in the wooden headboard (that was no doubt very expensive) but Steve didn't care. This was about Tony and making Tony feel good. That was all that mattered.
His interview had gone viral and for a month there had been wild amounts of news coverage and speculation and people desperate for more news.  But it had died down to trickle now because there was no new news at all. Steve was gone, and so was Tony, and neither camp was providing any information at all.
Steve felt conflicted. But when he'd first woken up Phil had always been the voice of reason. He'd been grounding and calming and he'd facilitated so much of his recovery. Steve trusted him. And he knew he only had Clint's best interests at heart. Steve let out a ragged breath. "I won't tell them, Phil. I swear."
Tony pulled up the news on the screen in front of him and began scrolling, sweeping downward with his hand.  There was a picture of several grinning people with the Washington monument in the background, all wearing matching pins.  Tony squinted.  The pins looked like Steve's shield and looked like they might have had text, but he couldn't read it.
Sorry for the day-late update.  My schedule was thrown off this weekend due to a leather title contest.  That is now over (I WON!) and can return you to your regularly scheduled updates.  Don't worry, Project 84 is coming SOON!  - Tony
Lately, Steve had been overwhelmed with requests for various organizations.  As promised, Irshad Nazari, head of the World Omega Rights' Council, had been working closely with Aria and had sent Steve the contact information of a man named Jeffrey Walker, who was the head councilman of the Horseshoe Society, the nation's oldest omega-rights society.  They hadn't touched base yet; Steve was too busy and according to Irshad, Jeff was laid low due to a tricky pregnancy (twins).
"Buy me coffee sometime," Kate told him with a wink and then she pulled away to let him pass.  Steve Rogers walked out of the hospital room and down the hall without a backward glance.
"They induce us every two weeks," said Cupid.  "What is it, Monday? I guess our next heat would be on Friday?"
Tony replied by placing a hand on the back of Steve's head and giving him a small push toward his crotch.
Seven looked mortified.  Slowly, he lifted his shirt to show his stomach.  He wasn't muscular, but wasn't too thin. Perhaps he'd run track in school.
"I don't know anything about the Winter Soldier!  He's above my clearance!" yelled the scientist, voice tight with pain.
, it's front to back, biting the neck.  ...see, this is why we need that class, you obviously have no idea how to get boned properly."  Tony was having a hard time keeping a straight face. Even though he often delivered jokes dead-pan, the idea of sitting with Steve listening to someone tell them how to have sex the
"What do you want, horseshoe?" he demanded rudely.  His head felt like it was splitting down the middle and he didn't sit up, worried he might be sick with the pain.
"-Captain America back from the dead??" It was a blonde woman in front of a desk, a few men to her left just half on screen ready for her to interview. "The world’s favourite superhero managed to survive what should have been a fatal plane crash and has just come out as an omega and advocate of omega human rights. Before, it was assumed Captain America had to be an Alpha.  Here with us today with have experts on Alpha and omega dynamics. We have a psychologist who specialises in omega behaviour, and also a leading omega rights activist campaigner."
chance to prove you to you that I can do this. I'm sick of hiding from HYDRA. I think it's about time I turned the tables on them, don't you think?"
Tony winced.  "Not thing. Person.  I need to buy a-- motherfucker, I'm buying a person."  He put his head in his hands. "Steve, get me the scotch..."
him, to fill him so full that even if another Alpha tried to take him it would be impossible because Tony would have already thoroughly used him.
"Why's it matter if it's Saturday?" asked Tony, who rarely went to banks himself.  He had people for that.
Steve was just strapping his shield onto his back, a harmless and almost innocent action. But the shield itself was deadly. It was a killer as well as a protector. And that was something Steve was worried about- the version of him in history fitting with reality, that Tony might be...disappointed in some way.
Steve took the steps back down to the workshop two at a time. "Tony...?" He stepped into the mess a little hesitantly. "How's it going?"
Tony thought of asking Steve if he'd packed the matching collar, if he ought to wear it too, for equality or something, but he ended up falling asleep under Steve instead.
cry in front of these people. He tried to think of something meaningful to say but nothing felt quite right.
Please note that we use the comic date of Tony's parents' death, which was March 15, 1986.  This does not change anything within the story and I don't know why the movies altered it in the first place. - T
"Steve!" Tectontic appeared behind them. He grinned down at him. "Hey man, you were looking a little rough last time I saw you..."
They walked back to the office and Steve didn't let go of Tony's hand the entire time. It had been an intense afternoon, he guessed. But there was never really a moment in the office that wasn't intense. At least when Steve went around. The testimonies they'd collected so far had been harrowing and gut wrenching. Once Ian had even started crying and had to excuse himself to the bathroom for twenty minutes.
"One of the things most Alphas feel when this happens is a sense of guilt and personal culpability.  But that's not healthy thinking, and it's not true," said Nadine wisely. "Your omega is his own person.  He made his own decisions, as did the person who force-bonded him. Ultimately, it's the assailant's fault.  Not yours. You can't blame yourself for that. It's natural to want to do so, because Alphas are hard-wired to protect and guard their omegas.  But when force-bondings happen, the only person to blame is the person who forced the bond. Not the omega, and certainly not the Alpha."
Tony had given some thought to their anniversary.  He'd already made dinner reservations at a nice restaurant and gotten Steve a gift.  He wanted Steve to know that, despite their rocky beginning and a few major speedbumps along the way, Tony was happy.  This wasn't what he'd expected, but that was okay. It was working.
"The black Escalade on the fourth floor parking deck.  Enjoy. When you're done, you can go upstairs and iron my suits for me.  Here's the room key. Good boy, Stark."
"Maybe," said Steve.  "...if you want to talk about it, like I said, you can come over, I can explain everything."
Phil gave one of his rare smiles and Steve knew what he was thinking of.  His own escape, if you could call it that.
The look on Tony's face when he saw his neck certainly didn't make Steve feel any better. "Wonderful," Steve breathed and moved to sit forward properly, his hands in his lap.  "Round 2. Let's do it," Steve grunted.
He was never bored anymore, at least, Steve thought. The very day after Jameson's interview, Steve actually ended up in court. Yet again. It was getting pretty exhausting; he never said anything new. Donner sometimes even came along to court with him; having wanted to do law once, he was fascinated by the process. Steve told him he could try and go back to college if he wanted but Donner kept insisting he had to go focus on the baby now. It was a choice Steve had to respect.
Aria had already gotten several offers.  Banksy had, true to his word, put her in contact with the four omegas who ran SA.  Danielle McDavid an Remi St. Laurent were in Montreal at some summit or conference, but the other two, Tiberius Stone and Wendy Germaine, had both sent her schedules and offered to go out to dinner with Steve to talk business.  With Tony and Steve's one-year anniversary coming up in less than half a year, she and Pepper had both been working on setting up the charity dinner and auction Tony had suggested months ago. (Pepper, for one, was sick of all the damn orchids filling the house.)
Tony closed his eyes, enjoying the soft trace of Steve's fingers on his goatee and jaw.  "I dunno.. mushy stuff.  Share a malt, drive Dad's jalopy up to Make-Out Point... you know... mushy stuff."  He laughed.  "Steve, we can do anything we want.  I'm Tony fucking Stark, beloved billionaire, and you're Captain America, national treasure and civil rights leader.  Seriously, the entire world is our playground.  Pick whatever date you want and we can make it happen.  My only rule is nothing with horses.  I played polo once, and dear God, never again.  Whoever thought it was smart to get on top of a two thousand pound animal and try to boss it around must have had a head injury.  ...they probably got kicked in the head by a horse."
"Hi, Tony," called Pepper's voice through the shop.  "I didn't see you yesterday at the hospital, are you okay?"
Tony looked away.  "It's fine, Steve.  I just... y'know, I missed you.  But we don't have to do anything until you're ready.  I've got two very handy hands and some killer high-speed internet, y'know? I'm sorry, it's just... you know you look hot, right?  ...and the way you arch into my hand when I pet you... I missed that, Steve." Tony smiled a little and got up to walk over to the side of the pool and run his hand through Steve's hair again.  "...I'm just glad... I'm glad at least part of my mark's still there. Like, I have a partial claim to you, y'know... like... like at least your body
"At two weeks, the embryo is actually considerably smaller than a pinto bean.  It is likely only a single cell with a diameter of a tenth of a millimeter."
Well, Tony could admit one thing.  Heats were certainly a bonding experience.  This was about as intimate as you could get with another human being.  They were slobbery, sweating, gasping, sexual biological messes.
a false memory?  Steve and Bucky, bonded: true or false?  The simulation had left Tony feeling uncertain of everything, a sensation he had frankly very little experience with.
like nothing could burst their bubble. Heats heightened emotions but also made them fleeting and volatile.  Steve could go from crying to laughing to feeling furious in a matter of minutes.  He hated how heats twisted his brain up.
Steve stared at the bracelet and smiled before pulling her into a hug. He squeezed a little too tight and Natasha grunted. "It's really good to see you," he whispered.
Lila wobbled over to Steve suddenly and wrapped her arms around his leg, then began scaling him to sit in his lap.
Aria found Steve chatting away to Taylor Swift, who had already performed before. She was telling him how awesome the New Year's Eve party had been and how worried she'd been after his 'breakdown interview.' She was giggling and putting her hand on his arm. She was hyper.
“-now if you'll excuse me, I've got to get to the main stage, but I'd love it if you'd join me and the other beautiful people- Hi, how're you--"  Tony was accepting ticket stubs and scrawling his signature while still walking after Happy.  "-yes, thank you, I love you too, you're great- sorry, I don't do handshakes- hi, great to see you, too- c'mon, Stevie- you know, Steve actually attended the
Both of them had their teeth bared and their dander up, and both were far beyond words, which was unfortunate, because neither was clear who he was actually speaking to, other than having a vague idea it was some other Alpha who was encroaching on Steve-territory.  The phone conversation had taken a slightly comical turn as the two of them both clutched the phones in their hands, growling aggressively into the line without managing to convey any information whatsoever, other than raw anger and aggression. However, without any pheromonal cues, it was unclear who was dominant over whom, so they were simply growling louder and louder to be heard over the other one.  Evolution hadn't ever predicted the invention of the telephone; in a face-to-face to situation, Tony and Bucky would have been fighting by now, but without any physical presence, the two of them were caught in a never-ending loop of verbal posturing.
He needed to talk to another Alpha about how he was feeling.  The combination of possessiveness and hypersensitivity to smells and emotions was freaking him out.
"Well, he shouldn't have looked like you." The words were so flippant and dismissive they made Steve want to punch a wall. Like it was Donner's own goddamn fault for
Ha!  If only Tony knew.  A childish part of Steve couldn’t want to see the look on his face when he found out who he really was.  He let out a long breath.
Back in the army, in the SSR, Steve and Peggy had both been outcasts.  He was an omega, and she a woman, and they'd had to be strong, have a constant wall of professional up.  They were always on guard. They did not talk about men or Alphas or children or mating or marriage, ever.  Things had changed, for the better.
Natasha appeared in the stairwell, just above them, stun gun aimed at Bucky's head. Her eyes were fiery. She looked ready to kill. The Winter Soldier was a terrifying man, capable of terrible things but she did not show a flicker of fear. Natasha stepped forward; she sneered back, lip curling up, when Bucky growled up at her.
Tony was too far gone to think of whether or not the poured concrete floor was an appropriate place to fuck Steve; it was like their first time all over again, rough and hard and fast and perfect.  Tony was only passingly aware of Steve making sounds, maybe words; the tone was clear; Tony could smell his sweat, his slick, his precum, all of them mixing into a delicious bouquet of sexual delight, and when he felt his knot finally penetrate Steve he nearly came then and there.  Steve was so tight yet so lovingly accepting; his body was hot, a million degrees, squirming under Tony's with unabashed pleasure.  Tony still had a mouthful of skin and his face was buried his Steve's hair, and when he felt Steve's body shudder suddenly, Steve clenching around the base of his cock, he let out a strangled cry and followed Steve, pumping his seed into the omega, riding out his climax with sharp jerks of his hips, the tension slowly leaving his body.
"Maybe a break from SHIELD is good for you, Steve.  You and Tony... you have a lot of stuff to work out.  Relationships aren't easy," said Natasha.
"Yeah?" Steve's brain had gone offline briefly at the mention of HYDRA. He didn't like being reminded that he'd drowned and died for nothing. It wasn't a nice feeling, and it didn't bring back nice memories, either.   He shook his head out a little. "Yeah.  Yeah, we're getting free lunches.  We're being careful with money.  Anyway, this is why we're going for the companies, not the camps themselves so much. Taking down eighty-four one by one would be pretty much impossible."
my fault. I'm responsible for my actions. I don't regret making sure he didn't make it to the hotel, or getting him...into cryo. But I regret
"Experienced?" repeated Tony with a small grin.  "You mean old?  ...I'm glad you don't mind."  He touched Steve's jaw back, the only sound in the room the faint buzz of the air conditioning.  "...to be honest, though, I can't say I know very much about omegas."
He stripped without embarrassment and yanked on the hospital gown before settling onto the bed; Richard snapped on a pair of gloves.  "Now, the average labor takes about eight hours. But for omegas it's always a little bit longer... I'm afraid the ladies have us beat on that one," he said cheerfully, ducking between Donner's legs.  "...oh, you've got a ways to go... you've barely started to dilate."
Over at the bar, Tony had thrown down a triple margarita and was working on his second.  Sam had gotten a soda and was watching him with fascination.
"I'll think about it," Steve promised her as he went to grab an apple and then moved to the seat next to her. "But I think I just need to focus on me and Tony right now.  And I played dress-up and was put on the display back in the forties and didn't like it much.  And... well, Tony."
Steve let out a groan of frustration. "Fiiine," he muttered, sounding almost petulant. He leaned over and fumbled around in the jaw before he produced the appropriate box. He grabbed a condom and then ripped the thing open with his teeth before ducked down and sliding it onto Tony's dick. Steve was half shaking with anticipation and frustration. It was evident he really wanted this. That he needed it.
"Yoink," said Tony, pulling the tablet away from them again.  "Lighten up, Pepper, I've done this a thousand times.  Stan just has to look pretty.  Hey is that Jeff?  HEY, BEZOS!  BEZOS, HEY!"  Tony managed to shrug Pepper off of him and slip away to talk to Jeff, but got distracted by the scent of an omega in heat; he managed to grab another glass of champagne and cut through the crowd toward the alluring smell.  He had absolutely no intention of making this easy for Steve.  Frankly, he had every intention of making it hell for him, cutting him down a few pegs... showing Pepper that she couldn't just hand him off to some inexperienced blond brat and expect everything to go smoothly.  He was Tony goddamn Stark.  He refused to be bossed around by an omega with an itinerary.  Steve wasn't Jarvis, and he wasn't Pepper, and Tony wasn't going to let him think he came even
"Okay," said Tony, his goatee twitching with a smile as Steve kissed his temple.  "...you can carry me upstairs, if you want," he added, slightly begrudgingly.  He would normally jump at the chance to lie around in bed lazily, but he had a suit to build downstairs, and an omega to protect.  Maybe he could sneak down there later.
"I don't like dancing," Steve said, the words spilling out of him automatically as images flashed through his mind. Images of Bucky dancing and laughing with girls whilst he made Steve sick in the corner of watch. It was like he enjoyed making his omega squirm, feel humiliated. Steve hated those dates the worst. Buck always laughed and smiled so much when he danced, looked so handsome. He never looked that happy with Steve.
"Clearly," said Natasha with a friendly eye-roll.  She and Sam herded Tony and Steve out of the cafeteria.  Tony had barely touched his food at all.  His grip on Steve's hand remained there, like a steel trap.
Steve searched around for his phone. His agent had sent him a link to another article. He opened it.
In the kitchen, Tony was nursing a Screwdriver; his eyes lit up when he heard the familiar tap of stilettos.
. Because he was strong and enduring and he would take whatever his alpha gave to him. Steve angled just right and the drag of Tony inside of him was perfect. He was hard again already but he would last it out- Steve wanted to savour this moment.
Boswell rose, passing Tony his half-finished glass of liquor, which Tony took gratefully and poured into his own cup, consolidating them.  "Alright, see you kids out there," said Boswell gruffly.
He extricated his arm from Steve, Steve's tiny noise of protest tugging at his heart strings, and swung out of bed with another yawn.  He walked into the closet and pulled on a pair of jeans and a wifebeater, not bothering with underwear or socks.
About twenty minutes into Tony feeding an ever increasing fanclub of pigeons, there was a low rumble of an engine. Steve appeared in front of the donut store on his bike, a leather jacket thrown over his dusty white shirt from the party. His hair was a bit of a mess and even with the serum Steve looked a little tired. But he looked calmer than he had in awhile. He parked his bike outside and leaned his arms on the handles and his head on them, watching Tony feed pigeons without a care in the world until the billionaire finally looked down and noticed him.
Tony had never been good at not talking, but he fell silent, draping himself on top of Steve, closing his eyes.  This was so weird.  Tony hated having emotions and here he was, an emotional mess. He'd reacted less dramatically to being kidnapped, to being attacked and almost killed.  But this.  This moment in time was
"They call it force bonding if the omega couldn't consent to it," Natasha explained quietly. "Steve doesn't remember it, and they induced a heat. If an omega doesn't remember it, it's assumed they couldn't consent to it.  Since the bond was distanced, maybe even partially severed on Bucky's end, the bite was re-bonding."
Tony strode down the hall, wanting to put some distance between himself and the bodies of the guards, distance between him and the room with the chair... Steve was hurrying after him.  He could feel Steve's hurt and anxiety and regret, and knew Steve wanted to fix this, but Tony just wasn't in the mood. He was still trying to quell his panic from that fucking room.
Aria took a long, contemplative drag, then pointed the cigarette at Steve.  "Malick won't be there alone. There will be at least two or three other members of the World Security Council.  So he shouldn't be able to say or do anything. Best to just ignore him, Steve. After that conference, he'll probably try to get under your skin, but with the others there, he'll have to at least pretend to be nice.  My advice to you is to do the same." She looked back down at her tablet. "I'm sending you a few possible venues for that charity dinner you want to have in June. We need a place big enough to accommodate all the orchids so people can bid on them.  I recommend a silent auction. ...have you and Tony discussed anniversary plans at all yet?"
"...did I just see what I thought I saw?  Captain America, on his knees?" Gideon Malick slithered up and Tony cringed.
"It's a shame I can't join Status Alliance, I think some of their work is really fascinating.  The year before you were frozen there was a huge rally in Washington, Phil, do you remember?"
"Look, Steve, the Mark IV is an early prototype and it took a real beating in Morocco.  The fact that it's non-gantry and flew here without killing me is a freakin' miracle.  Anyway, you can't rush perfection."
Tony gave a small smile.  "You mean post-serum," he said, pushing his arm under Steve's neck to hold him.  "...the Mark 6 has the capacity to toss around semis. Maybe it's overkill. I dunno.  I just... always want it to be better, you know? ...I threw together the first model from scraps but that thing was still something else.  Could've easily thrown a car." He closed his eyes. The Mark 1 had been sloppy, yes. But effective. It had torn through bodies like they were garbage bags filled with vegetable soup.  Had crushed skulls like grapes. Slammed men into iron blast doors and rough-hewn rock walls. Afterwards, Tony couldn't say how many he'd killed. He didn't really want to know, either.
"...Fury's been in negotiations.  If we can establish regular check-ins, yes, we can probably do away with the monitors," said Dr. Brazinski.
Now, of course, wasn't the time to ask.  Steve had gotten an erection and one of the camera crew was artfully placing a couch cushion over his groin in an attempt to hide it.
Nick sighed, loudly, grumbled a good-bye, and hung up, but Steve swore that he'd heard the smile come back into Nick Fury's voice at the end of the call.  Nick Fury knew, better than anyone, the futility of telling Captain America to behave.
Tony's hand paused on Steve's head.  "Don't want to ruin... what?" He didn't understand what the hell Steve was talking about, but he was more concerned with comforting him.  Now that Steve wasn't staring him down, Tony's anger had shifted into protectiveness. The fact that he was the source of Steve's distress wasn't registering.  "Steve, you're not... not ruining anything... you're being good... I love you," said Tony, pressing Steve's head comfortingly into his leg.
want to do this. Not to pressure you. I want SHIELD to take us seriously and stop trying to undermine us at every step we take.  I want people to know that I'm committed to you."
Gleason sighed. "This happened to my brother, Mr. Stark," he admitted in a whisper. "It's been many years now and he'svery  much recovered. But I'll tell you this: the most important thing-- without a doubt-- is not to let him think it's his fault.  ...you should try to get some rest, too."
"Well...tell him thank you, then," Steve said quietly. Then be felt a wave shudder through him and he groaned. "Fuck. Nat. Gotta go."
Tony knew these questions were just warm-ups to the more serious ones.  Like how they were managing when Tony was a futurist and Steve was a guy raised in the twenties.  And when they were going to have kids. And questions about Steve's charity and what it hoped to accomplish.  He was expecting most of the questions to be directed to Steve. Steve was the country's darling and although Tony was high-profile, people didn't worship him the way they did Steve.  (Minus tech geeks, of course. Tony knew he had a small but rabid following of programmers.)
Normally he would never trust these people... but fortune favored the bold and he had nothing to lose, so he walked into the diner, making sure to give her a small knock with his shoulder.  He was more upset by Steve knowing her than her being here.  Tony didn't mind hanging around more powerful Alphas, but he hated watching her and Steve smiling conspiratorially at each other.
"...er, yes, it's possible, it could be," conceded Dr. Gleason.  "But there's no way to know for s--"
"...does my body choosing Bucky, does that mean I'm going to want Bucky during my next heat and not Tony, if it's about biology?" Steve asked quietly. Neither Clint nor Laura really seemed to know the answer.
Tony looked up.  "I'm not waiting until this afternoon to eat.  Seriously.  Food," he said sternly.  His mouth twitched.  "...and
Steve reached up to touch Tony's face as if he was checking he was really there. If he understood what his Alpha had said about the dogtags, then he didn't respond to it, Tony's fingers still in his mouth. Steve hummed, half to himself and then clenched around him in a silent demand.
Steve leaned down to kiss his forehead, knowing Tony would sleep best without Steve there wake him. "Sleep well Tony," he murmured against him before he pulled up and away. He got dressed before heading downstairs to find his... therapist. Did she just let herself in?
"You don't always choose," said Natasha suddenly.  "Sometimes you click with someone.  On a primal level.  Even if they're a showboating jerk."
"Creamer?" asked Phil, walking in and offering him a cup of coffee.  He had a cup for himself and a cup for Steve, too. He'd already put in cream for Steve, knowing he preferred it on the sweet side.
"Oh, Donner," sighed Banksy.  "You... you moron. They wouldn't be.  If anything, he'd just make you have another abortion."
Tony paused, then threw his palms out and hit the jets, throwing both of them backwards and through a wall, nearly annihilating the DJ, who scrambled out of the way just in time.  His computer went skittering across the floor, still playing Queen.
Steve didn't think he could sleep though. So he went to draw. He drew in the walls of his designated 'drawing room' until around two in the morning. He drew a picture of Dum Dum with his stupid hat on because he'd been missing the man a lot recently. Half way through a drawing of Falsworth Steve called it quits as his eyes kept threatening to fall shut.
"Aria. It's okay," Steve pulled her into a hug, now outside the plane. She looked surprised at the gesture. "I get it," he assured her and glanced up to see Happy accepting keys from another chauffeur.
Tony had taken the liberty of trying to track Steve's whereabouts the previous day, eaten alive with curiosity.  But the GPS had pointed him to the middle-of-nowhere, Montana, and he was forced to conclude that Natasha had probably redirected the ankle bracelet to hide his location.  Tricky, tricky. Tony begrudgingly liked Natasha's little spy tricks.
The elevator pinged and they shuffled out into the hall.  The hall was long, narrow, and tall, with high-set windows and a tile floor.  It was reminiscent of an older school. There were a few people in suits milling outside of a heavy wooden door; they looked up when Steve, Tony, and Sharon approached.
Tony glanced at Steve.  "I'm good," he said.  If Steve hadn't been there, he would have ordered more alcohol.  But Steve had made it clear that he shouldn't.  He figured he could make up for it on their way back from Pendleton.  "How 'bout you, Steve?"
Tony had  commandeered some tools and gone to work on the generators.  Whoever had set them up had not done a fantastic job. In fact, they might have been Amish or something.  Tony may not have been the star of the show (every time he looked around, Steve had a small fan club trailing him) but he sure as hell wasn't going to let himself be useless or idle.  Also he refused to work in a place that lacked both plumbing and tunes. He wanted music, at least.
Like multiple Alphas?  Steve's words reminded Tony of Raza.  How he'd made Tony kneel, treated him like an omega, burned a mark onto the back of his neck.  Fuck biology, indeed.  Tony had been forced to live an an omega for three months and he'd felt like that, more than the torture, had fucked him up.  Honestly, he preferred waterboarding to kneeling.
"Just let them check you don't have concussion," Steve insisted, Tony's reluctance a palpable pang in his own chest. One of the paramedics stared at Steve with wide eyes as Steve rubbed a hand over his face. He felt groggy and slow from sleep and honestly didn't feel like getting on a plane at all.  He probably looked like crap.
Tony's breath hitched.  He could have cried with relief but he was too in shock.  He was kneeling by Steve, the ringing sharp and painful in his ears, watching Steve move his arm with a wincing expression.  Steve touched his cheek.  His mouth was moving; his brow was furrowed and whatever he was saying looked sincere.
Tony re-emerged from the bedroom after packing, once more dressed in his squirrel onesie and a pair of sunglasses. He'd lingered a little too long, trying to recover from the strange and upsetting interaction with DeSoto.
His mood improved noticeably when they got to the hotel, though.  The Langham had been a good choice; the building was old, had probably been around in Steve's time, but the interior was thoroughly modern, with sleek white-and-black minimalism, as if Tony himself had designed it.  They'd barely gotten out of the car, a tinted-window SUV, when the concierge rushed over to meet them and take their bags and ask about their flight.
He reached up to finger the small scar on his face from their fight at the Expo.  He felt oddly proud of it.
Tony slunk out of the kitchen toward the main stairs.  Ty’s eyes narrowed and he followed the other man’s movements.  Ty's scent hit Tony all over again when he walked into the room and it turned his stomach.  He slipped upstairs without a word, not wanting to talk to any of them, worried he'd just end up sticking his foot in his mouth again or blurt something out to Ty that would lead to another confrontation.  He’d had enough confrontations for the day; the talk with Pepper in the kitchen had certainly taken the wind out of his sails.
He must have drifted off because when he opened his eyes a few moments later, a completely different song was playing, the sun was much lower in the sky, and they were pulling into the base.  Tony blinked, rubbing his eyes, trying to stretch the stiffness out of his limbs.  The wine with lunch had made him groggy; he looked over at Steve questioningly.  "...we here already?"  A tinge of panic hit him.  Already?  He'd thought he would have more time.  Were they really doing this?
But right now, he was not too proud to accept help.  He could yell at Tony later, once he had properly escaped.
Pepper handed him a pen and Steve started signing in between sips of coffee. He needed to get a ten shot wonder again; that coffee Natasha had given him on the jet had been a real wake up. He'd missed those kind of caffeine highs.
Pepper was walking into the kitchen reviewing a checklist; she wove through the caterers with enviable elegance, never bumping them even though her attention appeared fixed on her tablet.
He was torn between feeling excited about the possibility of a threesome with a gorgeous redhead and threatened by a more dominant Alpha hitting on Steve.  He would have been panicking more but he'd popped some molly, and was feeling extremely good. He couldn't really remember why he'd felt bad earlier because so far this was a great party, and also, Steve was drunk, something Tony had never witnessed before and was fascinated by.
"Suppressants don't work on Steve," butted in Tony.  "...can I ask a question?  About... him?  How's it work?"
"Sorry! Sorry. I didn't mean to startle you," Steve said and then held out a hand. "Hey. I'm Steve."
Steve made a shushing sound and ran his fingers through Tony's hair. He was quiet for a few minutes as he collected his thoughts and worked out what to say as he rocked Tony gently at the same time, doing his best to calm him. He didn't need to be told where the feeling of not being normal came from. Maybe it was because a part of Steve could feel it; he didn't know.
, I'm not scared of... what, she's a super-gymnast and he's Robin Hood?  Why the hell would I be scared of them?  Like I've never had protective friends getting on my case about my
Steve was pleasantly surprised by Tony's outburst of laughter but he didn't quite know how to react to it.
"Hey, Jarv," said Tony.  "Call Rhodes on behalf of Steve, please."  He loosened his tie and began unbuttoning his shirt.  Inside the house, Tony tended to shed off his formal attire like a lizard shedding its skin, dropping the clothing everywhere, something that was clearly a source of annoyance toward Pepper.  "Also, our anniversary plans will need rescheduled. We're not allowed anywhere except Canada and England, apparently."
Steve had never known he was capable of moving so confidently. Sure, he was good in a fight but sexually he'd had about zero experience before Tony. Maybe it just the honeymoon. But the self-consciousness was fading and in its place was something new. Steve was being more himself, not holding back. He kinda liked it.
"And, as long as I'm here, I want to know what the plan is for the end of November.  You have another heat coming up and if the asset continues to wake up each time, it constitutes a security risk that the WSC is not especially willing to put up with."
"Fine. Okay. Okay... just let me finish up." Steve washed all the suds off of himself and then stepped out of the shower and headed over to the sink so Steve could shave Tony properly. Being good at art meant he had a decent idea of how to sculpt Tony's goatee, which (he felt) was unnecessarily complicated. He left sharp edges and Tony looked good as new. Steve kissed his forehead. "There. Wonderful. You look like you got plenty more than two hours sleep," he said, trying to be encouraging.  "You dry up and I'll grab some clothes for both of us, okay?"
Back before Afghanistan-- pre-Iron Man-- Tony had dabbled in playful power dynamics.  He liked strong women, liked them to order him around, to be teased and tied up and maybe even smacked around a little.  But the whole thing had lost its luster after his experience overseas.
"Tony would never buy someone." Steve stated, looking a little offended at the idea. "He's not like that."
The question sounded strange in the past tense.  If you were bonded, you were bonded.  End of story.  They made it sound like you could just turn a bond off and everyone know that was impossible.  Only the worst of the worst Alphas would ever sever a bond, and omegas couldn't.  Bonds generally only disappeared in death.
"I'm sure that you, Captain, can appreciate a good deal when you see one.  I understand you're probably not yet willing to negotiate. Yet you've already made some demands of us.  So let me give you a counter-offer. Right now, you have nothing." The director gestured to Steve's cell.  "Cooperation will earn you rewards, such as food. Resistance will gain you nothing. The situation you find yourself in right now is not one in which you have any power, so frankly, it's rather generous of us to offer you incentives at all.  But we'd prefer this process to be easy. And, even luckier for you, there's very little we plan to ask of you, other than to fulfill your natural role."
"Tony, stop moving, I'm trying to hide these bags under your eyes," admonished Pepper.  She glanced up at Steve. "You look wonderful, Steve. Good job, Aria."
. But while broken ribs could take weeks or even months to heal (for normal people), for Steve they took no more than one or two weeks.
Steve was so confused when DeSoto appeared in front of him. Why did his stepping out of the omega 'pen' cause such a raucous? He turned out to see everyone staring at him, his eyes wide. Steve wanted to laugh. They all looked like they were afraid of him. A grim part of himself thought they
Tony cracked an eye open.  "Send her up. I'm not moving."  He closed the eye again, trying to focus on his breathing, on Steve, on
He wanted to speak but he couldn't. Steve's jaw trembled and a bead of sweet slipped down his temple. He cried out, his stomach burning with pain. His body was burning through it, like it had down with the heat blocker. But this was a different sort of pain. He was still horny and confused but the pain was coming from a lack of Tony, not just his super-fast metabolism.  Heats without Alphas were hell and Steve suddenly found himself right in the middle of one, on the battlefield.
“They’re thinking of taking your company off you, Mr. Stark,” Steve stressed, something Tony already knew.  “You need to get up there.  And, for the record, I don’t really need a nickname.”
His erection flagged at the mention of Bucky and Steve sighed. "Please don't mention him when you're..."
"Fantastic," said Louis.  "Alright... we're going to do this pretty free-form and then edit later.  Sound good? We might need to do a few segments a couple of times. Go ahead and start rolling, Em."  He nodded to one of the camera operators, then settled down into an armchair, crossing his legs and placing his hands on his knee.  "So, I'm sitting here with Captain Steve Rogers in his Malibu home, where Steve's here to dispel some of the prevailing myths that follow omegas even into the twenty-first century.  Steve, you're in preheat now, correct? Why don't you tell us a bit about the experience of an omega from your generation?"
Steve grabbed his towel and pulled it up to dry his hair before moving to select clothes. Normally he wouldn't care all that much. But he was going to an 'Alpha' bar and he needed to dress for it. People might take pictures of him, too, and Steve wanted to make it clear that he was coming back fighting. He was not a victim.  He was Captain America.
"For the millionth time, stop apologizing, it's not your fault and I'm not mad at you!  I'm mad at the whole fucking situation," said Tony. Donner's stutter was back. "I'm mad because they just won't leave Steve alone.  Well, specifically Malick--"
Steve shook his head.  "That's impossible.  He fell.  They never even found the body.  He'd-- he'd be, like, ninety-three years old.  That's impossible."
"No clue, actually.  ...it looks like they're operating alone.  Actually, I'm surprised they don't want Steve.  Maybe they've deflected from HYDRA?" Maria was loading a taser with leads; she popped the cartridge in with the heel of her hand.  "I think we should try to just neutralize them. Nick's already aware of the situation."
"If we went to do an interview together..." Steve murmured into the quiet. "What do you think it will be like?  Sooner or later people will want to hear from us."
Steve had gone as white as a sheet.  "But- he can't-- we looked for him.  No one could've survived that fall."
Tony reacted without thinking, hitting the jets and getting out of the way a second before the gun went off.
"Steve..." Natasha sighed. "Maybe you're right, about the Winter Soldier trying to get under your skin.  Maybe he's manipulating you. He's HYDRA. You can't trust him. He shot you in the simulation."
He woke around six in the morning feeling more awake than he had in over a week. Tony was asleep on the chair (he probably didn't want to join Steve again without permission). The room was almost silent. Steve could hear the distant buzz of traffic outside and smiled to himself before letting out a yawn. His neck
"No? But I hope it goes okay," Steve said. He could Gleason looked both stressed and excited at the news. A baby just in time for Christmas...the couple must feel lucky, Steve figured.
"So... Fury, right?  I love that name, it's a very cool name... sorry, do I look at the eye or...?  If you could, uh, turn your head so that I didn't have to look at the patch... I'm honestly going cross-eyed... I'm really hungover, I had a birthday party last night... you weren't invited, is that what this is about?  ...are you going to introduce me to Dark Angel and this guy... he looks like he's DEA or something, is this because I smoked some pot in college?  'Cause I'm not gonna apologize for that."  Tony glared at all of them.
"...we'll see Fury tomorrow and... and we'll work everything out.  Everything will be okay," Tony said, quietly, vaguely, more to himself than to Steve.  He was already distracted by his phone.
He reached down, pulled Steve off him, got up, and got behind Steve, the two of them kneeling, Steve pressed against the sofa.  Tony pushed his dressing gown aside, practically panting with eagerness, with expectation. He leaned forward and his teeth grazed the back of Steve's neck; he found the indents of his canines and gently bit there, where his mouth still fit.  Not hard enough to break the gland. No. He didn't want to ruin things this time. He wanted to bite Steve and knot Steve and shoot a heavy load of jizz into Steve, and he didn't want to chance ruining that by breaking open the gland again.
"It's not your fault," he repeated stubbornly, determined to be a good mate and follow Dr. Gleason's directions about reassuring Steve.  "...Aria will probably know what to do, about the public. I bet she'll know how to deal with this. Her and Pepper, they're press wizards."
Steve swallowed the pill. In that moment he would have done about anything anyone asked of him. He was too far gone to even feel embarrassed at Tiberius seeing him like this. God, he didn't have a care in the world. Heats were funny like that.
This would have been a perfect opportunity for Tony to use the Mark VII, if he could get the damn thing to work.  Yet again, Tony was left suitless. If only he had that magical, self-assembling, non-gantry armor... if only he could get it on, he could dispose of Bucky once and for all...
Steve wasn't sure if there was something between them or not. They bickered a lot and clearly frustrated each other more often than not. It would be oddly sweet if a project like this managed to bring people together, Steve guessed.
Steve leaned forward, head in his hands and elbows on his knees. He'd stopped listening to their conversation; he honestly didn't care.
"It's okay," Steve whispered, soothing a hand down Tony's side as he kissed the corner of his mouth. He felt the spike of panic then felt it slowly subside. The game they were playing was over and now this was just about each other. Steve kissed his bottom lip and then sat up properly, rocking his hips down until Tony's knot squeezed inside. He moaned, eyes rolling back, at the stretch. Steve shuddered as he took a moment to adjust to it.
In this chapter: Tony gets recruited to SHIELD!  One more mind-bending SHIELD subconscious brain scan!  Plus, general Stark snarkiness around psychologists and nurses!
Steve had reassured him he wouldn't be injured, but Bucky couldn't trust him.  Maybe he was only saying that because he was being coerced. Who knew what that other Alpha could do to him in an hour?  And why would Steve feel so worried, if he wasn't in danger? Maybe Steve was just downplaying it. He did that often. Part of his omegahood was a constant desire to please, and Bucky could remember, with surprising clarity, Steve reassuring Bucky that he was fine, even when he was feverish and bedridden and wracked with coughing.  Maybe because of the number of times that had happened; for Steve, being ill was the norm. Steve was sick more often than he was well, but he always insisted he was okay and that Bucky shouldn't worry, and Bucky had learned not to trust Steve when Steve said he was okay.
Steve swiped.  Another picture, Steve standing there, a smug smile on his face, his ruined collar on his neck, next to another word: LIBERATED.
Steve's voice sounded broken, empty. He looked tired but he was still driving just fine. He had a ways to go. "I know where we're going. It won't be long now. Just sleep Buck; you should get some sleep." His voice was akin to a worried mother's, pushy but laced with concern. Steve clearly wanted Bucky to shut up and rest. There were points in the drive when he refused to look at the Alpha and looked like he might cry, but he pushed on through. He'd taken them far out of the city by now and he was headed south.
Bucky blinked and looked over.  "...I dunno. Seemed like the right thing to do.  We were living together, sharing a bed... he didn't have anyone else after his ma died.  He needed an Alpha and we'd been pals for years..."
"...I think you're lying," said Tony suddenly, smirking at Steve.  "I don't believe that at all.  I don't believe things unless I have evidence.  I'm a
He stuck his head in to hear something being welded to something else. "Tony?" Steve stepped into the workshop tentatively, not wanting to interrupt something serious. "We have to leave in an hour; you wanna come up and get dressed soon?"
Sunlight was streaming through the west windows; it was another bright, beautiful day in Malibu and JARVIS was reciting the tide and surf conditions for him.
Tony crouched an arm's length away, just in case Steve lashed out at him.  "Hey, buddy," he said uncertainly. "You, uh... you okay there? You pulled a Banner on me."  (Dr. Banner was legendary; he'd gone crazy and torn up half of Culver College before going on the lam.  Tony had tossed Culver College a sizeable grant, hoping they'd hire more insane physics professors, but the replacement was terminally boring and Tony had declined to speak at the commencement in June.)
before everyone finally realized I wasn't fucking around?  I changed for Clint.  People change.  Just because Tony is a selfish, arrogant jerk with a drinking problem doesn't mean he won't be a good addition to the team.  Fury likes him, Steve likes him.  Maybe he'll surprise us."
Steve tried to follow Tony out but Natasha pushed him back into the room, saying things like "he needs time" and "he needs to process." But all Steve knew was that Tony was hurting. He could feel it- like a knife in his gut. It was a piercing kind of agony; Steve was trembling and he couldn't breathe.  Even now, flung sixty-five years into the future, Bucky had followed him and was
Was Piper happy?  Eric didn't seem like such a bad guy, but Piper was just a kid... then again... their age difference was probably about the same as Tony and Steve's.  Tony wondered what Piper had felt when they bonded. If she had liked it, or if she had just let him do it, or if she'd fought and cried...
"Well, it took me forty years to figure it out," said Tony generously.  "Don't want to rush a thing like bonding."
"Phil...it's six in the morning. I'm not really in the mood for you being cryptic right now.  Just tell me what you found."
Gideon actually chuckled, like he found it funny. Steve distantly imagined punching him in the throat.
On the lawn, Natasha and Lila were teaming up against Cooper in an epic snowball fight.  It was strange to see Natasha acting so... maternal, almost.
Tony took a few steps that echoed hollowly in the tile room.  Then glanced over his shoulder.  "Erm... Steve and I came together.  Steve...?"
Pepper glanced over at the forest of orchids.  "...I'm glad it worked out.  I won't say any more about it.  But so help me God, you'd better take good care of him, Steve."
"Sit down," Aria put a hand on his shoulder and Steve moved easily into one of the bar stools. "I'll make waffles." She fetched him a glass of juice first and placed it in front of him. Steve downed it in one gulp.
"Steve?  ...Steve?"  Bucky wasn't sure what was going on but he could hear the other Alpha and he was feeling less and less confident by the second.  His top priority was Steve's safety and he could not, at present, guarantee that. Not with that other Alpha there. "Steve, I need you to go somewhere safe until I get there.  You need to get away from--"
"...why did you shush me to smell--"  Pepper stopped.  Her eyes widened marginally.  "...Tony, sit down," she commanded, forcing her voice to be calm.
The other agents on the jet looked young, early twenties probably.  There were four of them, two betas and one of each status.  Practically babies.  Steve imagined they were still in training--
"...I haven't seen her in twenty years," said Tony, sipping his champagne.  "...she and Dad were close. United in their love for you, I guess." He gave Steve a small smile as if he were teasing, but Steve knew well enough he wasn't.  Howard and Peggy both had searched for Steve after he'd been lost, and Peggy had told Steve, softly, more than once, how much Howard had mourned him. Howard had not, perhaps, respected Steve... but in his own way, he had cared about him.
Tony's mouth twitched a little.  "I don't have the right to ask you for things right now, Steve.  I've been a total prick over this whole Barnes thing. I'm sorry.  ...I'm gonna go down to the lab for a while, okay? I'll see you in the morning."  He leaned in and kissed Steve's forehead before getting up and going downstairs.
Sean appeared.  He was younger than Tony, but not by much; he had on a pair of slacks and a button-up shirt and he'd loosened his tie.  Clearly, the guy had just come home from wherever he worked.  He smelled like cigarette smoke.  "Oh, hey."  He held up his hands.  "Listen, I don't want to fight. I'm happily married,
But Bucky didn't argue.  He let Steve take his hand and guide him because they were bonded now and it just wasn't in his nature to resist.
Steve was wet and shiny between his thighs again, his dick half-hard against his thigh. But he made no move to touch himself just yet. He was quite happy just to observe Tony all blissed out on the bed in that moment. He also looked tired and Steve knew that everything had to be sore at this point. Not that it wasn't for Steve too, but the serum certainly helped him.
He considered, then shook his head.  No, he hadn't been happy or unhappy. He hadn't been anything, really.
"Can I ask how you got shot?" Steve said, knowing talking about relationships was about as good as talking to a goddamn brickwall.
He'd even had a good dream, which was weird.  Tony's dreams weren't always bad, per se, but they tended to be elaborate and fantastical, not
"...this could be a good thing, you know," said Tony.  "Us shaking things up. Well... shaking things up more, I mean.  You preaching to omegas about, you know, how forced bonding sucks, and me, preaching to Alphas about how they don't have to act like fucking cavemen over omegas.  ...I mean, yeah, there's biology, but we should be better than that, you know? We're fucking evolved, man. Stuff like hormonal dominance, that shouldn't matter anymore at all, should it?  ...but seriously, I wanna get up and eat breakfast. I'm starving. Lately I've been craving yogurt like crazy. I must've seen a commercial or something, because I just can't get it out of my head..."
"...okay," said Tony, who hated the idea of being banned from cleaning up his own missiles.  Wakanda was known for being infuriatingly closed off from other countries; it was underdeveloped but prosperous compared to its neighbors.  It was a quiet little country. The Wakandans had a strong sense of African heritage that they didn't want white-washed by getting too involved in western affairs. They had adamantly refused to be involved in any wars, providing refuge to those displaced by their own civil wars without ever having any conflicts of their own.  They also refused to accept aid from western countries.
"Pep, we're in the middle of our honeymoon.  I've been through worse.  I wanna go home," said Tony stubbornly as he limped down the steps from the plane and onto the tarmac.  California was wonderfully warm and sunny; he squinted happily in the light.  "Hold my calls, will you?"
As outlandish and extroverted as Tony was, he was remarkably private in his own way.  To this day, virtually no one knew what, precisely, had happened in Afghanistan.  Tony's SHIELD file had been woefully inadequate, the dossier half-filled and padded out with information about his father and girlfriends rather than the man himself.  Tony slipped on the persona of a shallow hedonist every day and rarely acted as anything else; shutting down the weapons manufacturing division of Stark Industries two years ago, and giving a press release on accountability, was one of the few raw moments when everyone saw the real him, and saw something he cared about.  Moments like those were not at all typical, though.
was an omega," growled Tony, who suddenly felt like Aunt Peggy had duped him for his entire childhood.
expect me to take you seriously," said Tony.  Joey's uniform was dark and covered every bit of him except the eyes.  He looked like a ninja. ...an English ninja with a fucking flag on his chest.
"...uh..."  That name wasn't familiar to him.  Maybe it had been mentioned but he couldn't remember.  He didn't want to do anything small or local, though.  "No," he decided.
"Your and Captain Rogers's announcement has been reported by all major news outlets.  Internet commentary indicates roughly two-thirds approval by the public.  Expo casualties have been confirmed to be six.  Names have not yet been released to the public, but I took the liberty of looking them up for you, sir."
Steve had woken up in a desert. He was in his old uniform, still crumpled from sea water and frost - although the latter was quickly melting away. How the hell did he end up here? He'd drowned, hadn't he? Had God done this? Had he been saved?  He'd certainly been prayed at the end, as the cockpit filled with water.
"I'm so happy to hear that.  Let me transfer you to the heads of our admissions, Francine.  She'll be more than happy to walk you through the process. May I ask who's calling?"
"...Captain? Captain Rogers?  ...hello?  We have a stretcher."  One of the medics had clearly been trying and failing to get his attention.
Tony stood there for a moment, staring after him.  Without any further commentary, Tony turned, marched out of the back of the room toward the nearest balcony, and dropped off of it.  The gasp from the crowd was swallowed by the roar of his jets, and the suit shot into the sky, turned sharply, and headed due east.
He caught a random series of buses before he got off to find a hotel nearby. He chose another dingy sort of place, kept it cheap. The woman at the desk eyed Steve warily. He rubbed at the back of his neck. It itched. It felt strange… Steve didn't know why.
"He doesn't want to bond you, man.  He just wants you to be safe. Seriously, that's all.  You can ask any of the other omegas there... George, or David, or... Banksy..."
The only reason Ellis was probably inviting them was that Steve had caused a massive media shitstorm.  It wasn't just his coming out, but his interview.  Demanding better treatment for omegas had started a movement, and said movement was currently snowballing out of control.  It had gained traction and Ellis was politically savvy enough to know he'd better get on board.
The car ride back had been chaos and Steve felt feverish. He downed too more bottles of water but there was no improvement. Maybe he was going to be sick. Maybe...but then Phil was tapping on his arm. Phil Coulson. The man Steve had woken up to. The man who had approved him ready for field work. The man who had assigned Nat and Clint to train him back up, get him ready for combat and espionage. He was an omega too, which was why he such a goddamn fanboy.
He didn't have time to think about it though. He heard footsteps. He recognised the director's heavy footfall, and there was two more with him, probably scientists. Wonderful. "Bucky," Steve whispered into his ear. "If they ask why we kissed. Don't tell them, okay? Make something up."
Tony beamed at Steve as he fought with his tie.  Tony didn't normally do "cute." Frankly he thought they looked like dorks.  But he was happy to let Steve dress him if it meant he got to do
They came to a plain door with a grey square beside it.  One of the men waved an ID badge over the square and it beeped, and they all walked inside.
"Oh my God. Tony, do you even have underpants-- oh!" Steve became distracted when Tiberius handed him the pen and paper. Steve immediately began scribbling something.
It had been oddly endearing to be called a "man" and not simply a zero or a breeder or a horseshoe.  Steve had felt proud to be called a man, something male omegas never were.  He'd felt like Howard had maybe respected him.
"You know Tony can walk away from this unharmed, don't you? If he screws this up he'll be fine. He'll just be 'playboy' Stark all over again, and he'll have screwed Captain America.  Another conquest for Stark.  Bragging rights. But Steve doesn't have that luxury. If his first-" Aria shared a look with Pepper and sighed. "-first
been there seventy years ago, and even if he could have, he wouldn't have added much to Steve's defense; Steve was more than capable.
Steve swallowed. "You did it...you really...are you going to be alright now?" he asked, surprised at the sound of concern in his own tone, blue eyes bright with sincerity.
"...okay," said Tony softly.  "Leave it to me, then. I'll go with something nice.  I promise." He reached over to brush his fingertips over Steve's cheek.
Donner mumbled a hello, and did a double-take at Tony's grey squirrel onesie.  Tony had pulled the hood back up over his head and the two ears were standing perkily. "...you two
"Probably going to England.  Our anniversary is..." Shit.  Tony couldn't even remember. June first or maybe second.  First, he decided firmly; they was easier to remember. "...June first.  Should be nice, this time of year."
He reached up and grabbed Steve's hand.  "...yeah.  Yeah, I'll be fine," he said, swallowing.  "...sorry."  He let go of Steve's hand.  "Only, um... only four people ever touched it.  You included.  I'm... I'm weird about people touching it.  It sort of powers my heart, y'know."  He dropped his hand with a nervous laugh.  Steve had held it before; he didn't have to worry about Steve.  Still, it was disconcerting, having someone touching it.  Tony had had a lot of partners reach for it, and that was one of his few deal-breakers.  He'd kicked more than a few supermodels from his bedroom at 2 am, half-naked and furious, for trying to touch his chest.  (Pepper hated dealing with these especially but did so without complaint when Tony had explained to her why.)
Steve tried not to look nervous as he sat down across from everyone. He didn't even look at Gideon, focusing on Councilwoman Hawley over everyone else. She looked like she was going to be leading the discussions. She was prim and proper and Steve trusted her to give a fair verdict on his behaviour.
"Clearly, they failed to sever the vas deferens completely.  If it's not a clean cut, they can heal."
"I've experienced a lot with Tony that I never did with Bucky. I care about Bucky, he meant a lot to me...he still does. But the relationships aren't comparable."
Tony poured himself a glass of gin and threw in an olive.  Garnishes, he learned, were often the difference between looking like a lush and looking like a cultured drinker.
"You okay there, Sam?" Rhodey asked; the guy was actually bending over, resting his hands on his knees. He was muttering to himself, perhaps even praying. Then he flipped Rhodey off, good-naturedly of course.
, you know? But this whole relationship, it's not just me anymore.  I've fucked up already, multiple times, and hurt you, and you keep trusting me and putting me in charge like some sort of moron... I'm not good at this, Steve.  I'm not a good Alpha. I try but I keep fucking everything up. I don't really care about hurting myself, but hurting you... that's a whole 'nother plate of tamales.  I just want you to be happy, that's all." He reached out to brush Steve's cheek. The skin there was smooth; Steve probably only shaved once or twice a month and his peach fuzz was light and soft.  Typical omega.
omega.  It was delightful.  Tony would never admit this feeling of love, but goddamn was he enjoying it.
He didn't know how much was going to come out in the mission report.  He'd already noted that there was a sort of personal code among the group, one that made them occasionally massage their reports to protect each other.  He didn't know whether he was yet considered enough a part of the group to fall under that protection. He was embarrassed by the loss of control, but felt that maybe he'd be protected along with Steve.  Would they tell Fury about Steve being hit with an inducer? Would they downplay his and Steve's reactions? And would Fury, in turn, tell anyone else from SHIELD or the WSC? He was silently hoping that Natasha would have mercy.  She'd seemed understanding enough. Though, with her, it could be hard to tell.
Tony was basking in it like a lizard on a sunny rock.  Apparently, the threat of being trampled wasn't one that bothered him much.
The slot was small but big enough for his hand, if only just. Steve reached out and pushed his fingertips through it. "Will... will you hold my hand?" Steve whispered. "Buck? It would make me feel a hell of a lot better..."  He tried for a smile but he just looked sad. "Please?"
Tony's eyes closed and he nuzzled into Steve's soft, warm lips, pushing them apart with his tongue, tasting.
On the inside of the collar there were only three symbols. A mathematical equation, Tony's primary language and the easiest way for him to express himself.
"Thanks, buddy," said Tony, heaving up the broken pieces of the armor and dragging them across the garage.  He tossed them inelegantly on a work bench, glancing down at the broken casing of the miniature arc reactor.  He reached up and rubbed his chest subconsciously, still listening in to Steve and Natasha.
"I do believe your assistant is going into heat, Miss Potts," Phil said abruptly and Steve shot him a glare.
Maria was stood with her arms crossed over her chest, her mouth twisting in thought. "Do you think maybe he thinks he's... drowning?" she said, voice quiet.  "There was the plane incident.  I know he's had flashbacks to that."
"They look lovely," Steve said and pressed a quick kiss to Tony's cheek before he knelt down to rummage through the bag. He produced a small black box with a key in it. He handed it to Tony before kneeling back down in front of him.
Steve leaned over to kiss Tony's forehead, squeezing his hand before he placed it on the seat beside him. Then he moved to get into his own with Tony's permission. "We need to be quick. He'll be in the simulation before you.  Ready to gatecrash?" Natasha said with a faint grin. She readied another needle. "Good honeymoon?" she asked casually as Steve settled into a chair beside Tony's and rolled up his sleeve.
"Yeah, well, they're... second cousins... twice removed?" said Rhodey, who was still puzzling over their distant connection.
Tony watched as Steve prostrated himself-- downward dog-- and he felt a surge of something like pride in Steve.  He could tell Steve felt it in his own gut, because Steve shivered again with clear excitement in himself for obeying correctly.
Steph beamed.  "Thanks... this time it's me.  Trent's the father. But he still requested time off to help out with the baby, and his boss flat-out refused.  Said that omegas took advantage of the system and that he'd already used up all his maternity leave. Which is ridiculous, because Reggie was born three years ago.  It's not like a beta couldn't have two kids in three years. We're completely entitled to that leave but his boss just is not budging. And I feel like this is honestly because Trent's an omega and because there was a lot of, you know, a lot of awkwardness three years ago, since he was carrying a baby that wasn't mine.  He worked right up until he was eight months along and some people get uncomfortable seeing a male omega pregnant. Not that I have any evidence that that's what it is. It's just a gut feeling."
Steve fidgeted with his hands a little. He felt an itch to draw all of a sudden. He remembered his sketchbook he'd left in his hotel; had they taken it? He frowned at the thought.
"Gideon Malick made me take off my squirrel-- y'know what, it's a long story.  Let's just get the hell out of here," said Tony. He reached down to his sock and handed Steve a business card before he could forget.  "I got this. It's not Gene's, it's someone else, but Piper really seemed to want me to have it. ...Happy, how quickly can Charlie get the jet out?  I wanna go home."
"Tony, give me the phone."  Steve was up on his feet and looking calmer than he had in hours. "Tony. Tony give me the phone." But the Alpha wasn't even listening to him. He was just growling. Jesus. They were fucking idiots.
"If you two are planning to go down to Limehouse, I'd recommend taking the tube," he said casually.  "It's just due east of here... Oxford Circus station's about two blocks south."
When Tony leaned his head against him Steve leaned his own atop of Tony's. He let his eyes slip shut and curled a hand around Tony's bicep. "You are
Tony choked on his coffee and looked up, sputtering.  Jarvis was wiping down the counter with a look of serenity.
"This is so juicy," said Tony, staring hungrily at the screen.  His mind was already spinning with possibilities.  If he had to guess, he figured Project Thor was probably some sort of attempt to reverse-engineer the suits.  After all, who else better fit the title "God of Thunder" than him, Iron Man?  It was cute how everyone was struggling to catch up with him.  Without the arc reactor to power it, no suit in the world was even comparable to Tony's, and the secrets of making the arc reactor an efficient source of energy had died with Vanko, making Tony the sole keeper of that knowledge.
"They're happy to be here.  They're moving up. They're going to good homes, with Alphas who protect them," said DeSoto.
Karpov pushed the tarp back from the back of the truck and offered the girl a bag and two cups of coffee; she passed one to the omega.
Steve narrowed his eyes as he swallowed his last piece of bacon. "So what happens if I leave the house?"
Exactly who was trading them was unclear; Clint's history had the sort of shadiness that Natasha's did, and it was clear he generally preferred to keep it that way.
Steve went and showered after he made sure Tony was asleep, struggling to think about anything but Bucky and where the hell he might be. He'd been trying to convince himself that he had to stay, for Tony.  But maybe it wasn't just Tony that needed Steve here. Without his mate, Steve wasn't sure he'd be able to resist the urge to go out there and find Bucky. He spent the morning on social media and YouTube. He watched some art channels, trying to distract himself from all the shit going on around him.
Tony was trying to hold his shit together, but he was panicking, not sure of what Steve was going on about.  The plane crash? A memory from the war? Or... something more recent? Yemen? Tony's breathing was fast and shallow with the fear that he was causing this, somehow, and with the guilt of being unable to alleviate it.
"...hey, are you doing okay, Tony?" asked Dan.  He looked and sounded genuinely worried. "I know March is a bad time for you..."
He stared out the window, brooding, on the ride home.  Bucky had loved Steve, despite Steve's insistence he didn't.  Tony wanted to tell him but also didn't.  He was conflicted.  Doing nothing was still making a choice.  But every time he began to reassure Steve, he stopped.  What was the point in trying to validate a relationship that had ended seventy years ago?  Maybe it was better than telling Steve the truth.  Steve didn't need reminded of his old life, the one where he was weak and short and sick and an omega in a world that saw his kind as barely human.
"JARVIS? Let me out..." He whined and pushed against the door. JARVIS said something. Steve didn't listen. He just knew it meant no. He grunted in discontent and slammed a fist against the door and the wood creaked. His Alpha was hurting. Tony was hurting. He needed Steve.
Maria yanked away, rolled, grabbed her gun, and stood.  She pointed it at Tiberius, eyes red. "Drop him!"
When Steve woke up again it was about two in the afternoon. He got out of bed, devoured half of a fruit bowl, then went to go shower. He took his time and used peach scented shower gel that was almost
Tony's fingertips over his six pack were distracting. It took him a moment to answer. Steve found himself whispering too. It would have felt rude to speak any louder. "I would," he affirmed softly, cheeks heating up at the confession. Does this mean Tony would ask him right now? Did Steve want him to?
Tony spent the next few days puttering around the shop and floating after Pepper, listening with dread as she gave statements to nearly every news outlet he'd ever heard of, reassuring and arguing and explaining and mitigating.  Steve's absence was overbearingly noticeable; Tony realized he'd gotten used to the blond trailing him.  Occasionally, he turned to make a demand only to remember Steve wasn't there.
Tony had nearly forgotten about the guy but the mere sight of the smug little jerk put Tony's guard up.
Steve watched Tony peel his boxers down more intently than he should have, crunching away at the Red Delicious. It wasn't like he hadn't seen Tony naked since he'd gotten back; the other was pretty relaxed about this sort of thing after all. But so far Steve had only seen him when he was getting dressed, or into the shower... and now Tony was just
"No," said Eric and Richard together, but Harry shrugged.  "...maybe just the first few rounds. I can probably stand to blow a few hundred.  ...I'll just end up blowing it on Jinx if I don't. She has expensive tastes, that one."
"For the record, I would rather die than have HYDRA babies. So if it comes to it, shoot me." The funny thing was, Steve was being serious. He couldn't think of anything worse, anything more degrading.
His eyes slipped shut and the memory of Tony pulling his own arc reactor from his chest flitted into his mind. Steve smiled when he made a joke; Tony always made him smile...
.  Walking as briskly as he could, he found an abandoned car and placed Nick in the passenger seat before getting into the drivers'.
He felt a bloom of heat in his groin when Steve bit his lip.  He glanced down.  He and Steve seemed to both be in similar places.
They led Steve into the same room as before, Tony in tow.  He watched as they checked his temperature, his blood pressure, his pulse (all were perfect, as usual).  He noted that they let the omega doctor be the one to push up Steve's shirt and place electrodes on his chest, and to run his hands through Steve's hair, applying gel and wires to him, hooking him up to a monitor.
"And was part of the plan bugging my phone and my laptop and my apartment?" Steve asked, voice sharp and unforgiving.
If the raw emotional intensity of the last chapter was hard to handle, never fear.  This chapter is pretty much nothing but smut... and after this, we're off to the Alphas United conference for wacky fun hijinks!  So stay tuned!   - Tony
He arced up as fingers tugged at his hair and whimpered as Tony thrust up into his mouth. But Steve held his ground, although he came close to choking again. He pointedly didn't.
"I am now," said Lydia without a hint of being bothered.  She offered Tony another collar. "This one's not too flashy.  Rose gold with diamonds. Subtle, gentle--"
He entered the kitchen and instantly felt both women were judging him. There was a beat of silence. "We have to leave soon," Aria said simply, her eyes narrowing. Steve swallowed, not breaking under her gaze (although he had come close before.)
