Tony sighed. “I’ll get right to it J.” Letting out a low groan, Tony flipped over onto his stomach, trying to stretch out his wings as he internally berated himself for forgetting about the long day he had in front of him. It wasn’t
“Yes!” Tony hastily interrupted, before Steve’s tongue tied itself into knots. “Yes, I would love to go on a coffee date with you sometime. I’ll text you tomorrow when the sun is up to hash out the details?” Tony asked hopefully.
Internally shaking himself off to ditch that depressing train of thought, Tony silently stretched out his wings which were beginning to feel cramped in his chair, and turned back to his game. He was now scouring the black and white screen for the word “cremini,” the name for a type of little mushroom that was popular to cook with. Within minutes, he was back in the word search zone and the sound of the meeting into dull white noise in his ears.
Tony looked back up to see a tender smile on Steve’s face, as he replied, “Of course Tony. Whatever you need.” Tony relaxed, and dinner passed in a haze of lighthearted talk and banter. Steve filled Tony in on what his best friend, Bucky, and Bucky’s boyfriend, Sam, had told him earlier. The two had officially finished moving into their apartment in Boston after their time in the army finished, and Tony was looking forward to meeting them in person.
From then on, time became meaningless. Who even was she? All Tony knew were blueprints of transparent, less obstructive solar panels that both businesses and average consumers could buy, business emails that oh so politely told him to hurry the fuck up on various other projects, schematics, and the occasional 3-D rendering. All of this, of course, serenaded by the wonderful sound of Tony’s playlist of AC/DC’s best hits.
To anyone else, Steve may have sounded accusatory, but Tony knew Steve wasn’t accusing him of anything, he was just genuinely concerned. Most of his questions were also purposefully rhetorical, since Steve knew that that was the best way to get Tony to open up and they both already knew he hadn’t had a good day.
Steve gave one last peck on his lips, as they settled into a comforting silence, with only their breaths and Sirius’ to be heard.
After ensuring that his precious Hydro Flask was carefully secured in his grasp, he left the cafe, making sure to wave goodbye to the employees on the way out. He didn’t waste any time, lest he trigger Pepper’s wrath, and grudgingly flew back to the Seventh Ring of Hell. As he arrived, he was once again faced with the amazingly welcoming glares of the board members, who Tony was convinced had all somehow conspired to arrive before he did to be as intimidating as possible. It didn’t work, of course, because Tony was above that type of behavior, but it still took a moment of readjusting. Once they realized that their group intimidation efforts had failed, though, the board members quickly settled into their places and picked up from where they left off. Where that was, Tony wasn’t quite sure, but then again he couldn’t be paid to care at this point so he settled into his chair, unlocked his phone, and decided to massacre anyone who decided to challenge him at Trivia Crack. He would start with Rhodey and then see where the Trivia Crack powers that be took him.
Shaking off that train of thought, Tony tried to console his tired brain with the fact that he was only a block and a half away from his destination and if he really needed to, he could wrap blankets around himself and knock himself out with a few sleeping pills. As he reached the block the Tower was on, he saw a man on the other side of the street, who was drop dead gorgeous. Maybe God
She scoffed, rolling her eyes before replying, “I think we both know that that’s not entirely true, Tony. For instance, I seem to recall a time when I left you to take out the pizza from the oven for
However, he was unfortunately still lucid enough to realize that if he did that, it would be a disaster waiting to happen, and he didn’t want Pepper to murder him alive. He had known that even after Pepper became CEO that it wouldn’t be easy, but he had also never thought that his gravestone would read “Tony Stark. Killed by business meetings.” He sighed, already loathing the idea of going to bed alone. He had used to scoff at how people said that having an empty nest was the worst, but now he realized that they had been right all along and he had just been too on his high horse to realize it. He longed for the intimacy of going home and sharing a meal with a partner, talking about their days, cuddling, kissing, experiencing firsts together, making memories, knowing that someone had his back and always would, having someone groom his wings and care for his wellbeing. The mushy tenderness of it all that would have made past-Tony puke, but now just made him sad and his feeling of loneliness that much more prevalent.
They reached the Tower door, and Tony turned to face The Angel. “Thanks again for doing this. I’m sad to see you go, I don’t even know your name for fuck’s sake, but this is probably for the best even if you’re one of the kindest bestest people I’ve ever met, and—”
Halfway through the movie, through yet another killer, airborne dance scene that Tony was convinced he’d break every bone in his body if he attempted, he heard a faint “huffing” sound. At first he thought it was Sirius, but when he glanced down at the pup he was just snoozing away without a care in the world. That left… “Are you laughing?” Steve turned to look at him with unconcealed mirth in his eyes.
After losing an additional two hours and thirty-six minutes of his life to The Meeting for a grand total of five and a half hours, at 6:36 PM he was finally free from one ring of Hell only to rush off to finish up deadlines. He hated that word: “deadline.” Like, what line was there? Where was it? And why was it dead? Who even made up the word?
“Sure thing,” Steve replied with a relieved grin. They stood there awkwardly for a moment longer, before Steve shifted his feet and said, “I should probably let you go now, huh? Goodnight Tony.” With that, he gave a cheeky two-finger salute and walked out the glass sliding doors.
“Oh baby… I’m so sorry.” Steve gathered him impossibly closer and lightly tipped his head forward so his forehead lay against Tony’s. “You didn’t deserve that. I’m sorry I wasn’t there.”
Dazed, Tony made his way to the penthouse and robotically got ready for bed. Once he was done and walking towards his beautiful bed, he found that he wasn’t loathing the idea of an empty nest so much anymore, and more surprising than that, he was actually looking forward to waking up the next day. He hadn’t felt like that in a long time. The last thought he had before drifting off to sleep was that maybe things were beginning to look up after all.
He felt his shoulders and wings start to shake, and he instinctively buried his face into the crook of Steve’s neck. He felt a gentle hand come up between his wings and soothingly stroke. “Shh baby, it’s alright. You’re safe, sweetheart. Get it all out. I’m here for you, love.” Steve continued to softly murmur sweet nothings in his ear, the pesky salt water droplets from his eyes falling faster as Tony took in ragged breaths.
“I think the board is out to kill me. That’s undoubtedly the only logical explanation as to why a routine meeting has lasted for THREE whole hours so far.
Tony groaned as he flopped onto his stomach, rubbing the last vestiges of sleep from his eyes. He knew if he really wanted to, he could get out of the board meeting, explain to Pepper that he hadn’t been sleeping well and use the other crap he’d been dealing with as an excuse, but that wouldn’t be fair to her. They had been best friends since they had met at MIT, and her taking on the CEO position had been a win-win for both of them. Tony now only has to go to four quarterly meetings a year and had an exponentially greater amount of time and freedom to spend doing what he loved: engineering, tinkering, and creating. Meanwhile, Pepper fulfilled her dream of becoming a female CEO of a Fortune 500 company. Not to mention how Tony was pretty sure he would be dead by now without her. Well, her and Rhodey, but his favorite honeybear was a member of the Air Force and out of the country right now.
Tony glanced up to find Pepper standing over him, smiling softly. His mood instantly lifted, his wings perked up, and he chuckled, before replying, “Did Happy send you here to check up on me? I don’t need a babysitter, you know.”
“I did this because I love you, because you exist, and because you deserve the world and more. Don’t argue with me because then it’ll get cold and that’s no fun.”
Tony startled briefly; he hadn’t even registered that they weren’t moving anymore. “Thanks Happy, I’ll see you tomorrow,” he managed to choke out in reply. He gave a half-hearted wave, yanked open the glass doors, and swiftly flew to the elevator. “Penthouse, J.” Before he had even finished speaking, the elevator was moving, each second bringing him closer to Steve.
Tony sheepishly looked away, not bothering to deny it. “I can’t help it, Pep. Watching paint dry would be more engaging. Besides, at least I was there at all. I was debating just yeeting myself—”
“Well… the airborne dance scene”—he gestured at the TV screen—“reminded me of when Bucky tried to teach me how to partner dance in the air for a high school event. But that was back when I was sickly and skinny so when we went up… uh… well—” At this point, Steve’s face was red, so red that he glowed in the dark, and he ended up having to take a pause to laugh some more. Once he’d recovered, he resumed his story. “So anyways, I was really skinny right? So when we flew up and began to practice dancing, my pants… uh... well… they slipped a bit. Well, more like a lot. As in down to my ankles. And just as they slipped an air patrol just happened to be passing by and... well… Ma wasn’t too pleased with us after getting a call from the police that night telling her that her son had been caught dallying on the wing with someone. It was all sorted out, eventually, and we were released, but needless to say I was permanently scarred after that. Hey, don’t laugh at me, this was traumatizing!”
that you can get out of this. You’re going back to that meeting if I have to drag you there myself. And we both know I can and will do that,” Pepper threatened with that dangerous glint in her eye that she got when she was ready to take names. Tony wilted in reply, conjuring up his best kicked puppy look. She sighed. “I’m sorry Tony, you know that I don’t like meetings any more than you, but this was the agreement and you can’t get out of it unless you want a lot of people to be pissed or through death. Actually, pretend I didn’t say that. I don’t want you to get any funny ideas.”
That jump started The Angel into action as he quickly stammered, “Yes, of course, I’m so sorry, what am I thinking, here let me—” he quickly scooped Tony up effortlessly and helped him sit down gingerly on a conveniently located bench. “I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to make you hit the sign. I swear, I just was distracted by you, and then I saw the sign, and—” Tony held up a finger to The Angel’s mouth, or what he had guestimated to be his mouth, in the universal “shh” signal. The Angel then promptly clammed up, and they sat there in silence together.
“Thank you so much for your time, Mr. Stark,” the interviewer said kindly as she reached out a hand to shake. All of a sudden, the world snapped back into place, and on autopilot he just smiled his “press smile” and nodded, shaking his numb hand once before booking it out of there.
Speaking of which, Tony promptly unscrewed the lid and chugged a few mouthfuls of coffee, relishing the burn of the hot liquid. Immediately, he began to feel more awake, his senses buzzing, even his wingtips were tingling. After safely recapping the bottle, he began to survey the people around him. His gaze caught on what looked like a sandy colored haired man and a caramel colored haired woman in their late 20s sharing a first date. He was too far away to hear what they were saying, but they both kept smiling, tipping their heads back in laughter, and their wings looked relaxed too, twitching every so often in amusement so Tony figured it was going well. He was envious, not of either of them specifically—although, they were both stunning and could probably make a fortune in the modeling industry. The man’s hair appeared golden in the sunlight, and his russet colored wings were sleek and well-groomed. The woman had soft looking dove grey wings and wispy hair that she kept tucking behind her ear. But no, Tony wasn’t jealous, in fact, he thought they were lucky to have found one another. He simply longed to experience the connection that relationships brought first-hand.
Mr. Smith scoffed, rolled his eyes, and turned away, clearly deciding that it wasn’t worth the effort to engage. Tony didn’t want to admit it, but that did sting a little. Not because Tony gave a rat’s ass about what Smith thought, but because whenever this type of situation happened he couldn’t help but wonder how much better his dear ol’ dad would have handled it. And that sucked in and of itself because the
Tony blew out a breath as he internally berated himself for not celebrating his victory a little quieter. “No, I don’t think so. In fact, I think you and the other lovely gentlemen here are doing a stellar job of running this meeting all by your big boy selves.”
Tony suddenly found himself on the ground without the faintest idea or recollection of how he had gotten there. All he knew was that the world was spinning and his head hurt like a bitch. He tried rapidly blinking his eyes to see if that would help, but all he saw was a white and red sign that vaguely reminded him of a no stopping anytime sign and—
You would think that being 28, bisexual, and one of the world’s most sought-after bachelors would help his case, but it didn’t. From the time he turned 18 until he had been kidnapped in Afghanistan two years ago, he had squandered his time and money, drinking, partying, and having more one-night stands than he cared to admit. That had only been exasperated when his parents had passed away in the December after he had turned 21. And, well, karma really was a bitch, because now Tony couldn’t find a relationship even if he wanted to, or at least it seemed that way. He couldn’t sleep through the night without waking up drenched in a cold sweat from nightmares, was hyper-sensitive about the scarring on his chest, and of course his past playboy reputation didn’t do him any favors either. That really didn’t sound like a winning combination, even to his emotionally constipated ears.
Just as JARVIS began yet another reminder, Tony hustled out the door and reached the board meeting room in record time, with approximately 2 minutes on the Pepper timer left. She was already sitting down by the time he got there, but he knew she was going to leave after opening remarks, since she had other meetings and CEO bullshit to attend to. And at least she knew he arrived “on time” which was the important part.
An unknown amount of time and an inordinate amount of coffee chugged later, AC/DC was muted and instead JARVIS’ voice quietly filled the workshop. “Sir, if I may be so bold as to suggest a break, you have been working non-stop for four and a half hours now and your vitals suggest that eating dinner would be a good idea.”
He had just gotten it queued up when Steve flew in and plopped down beside him, causing Sirius to migrate over so he was laying across both of his dad’s laps. Steve placed a kiss on the top of his head before curling a comforting arm and a downy white wing around Tony as JARVIS dimmed the lights.
The interviews were all fairly easy, which made Tony suspicious. He didn’t know if it was luck, voodoo, or some other weird shit that had somehow made all of the interviewers ask the same questions: “What is it like to not be CEO anymore? What are you currently working on? Any plans for the future?” Regardless, Tony was now on his last one and certainly wasn’t complaining, even if he was still waiting for the other shoe to drop. It gave him ample time to daydream about Steve, who the press blessedly still didn’t know about and would continue not knowing about for the foreseeable future. God, Steve was amazing, with his heart of gold, fluffy white wings, show-stopping Hollywood smile, rippling muscles, not to mention that magical thing he did with his tongue that always made Tony see stars… God, if Tony had known about that, he would’ve been even more of a mess than he already had been on their first date. But he wouldn’t have changed anything, Tony reflected as he smiled fondly, it had been perfect.
“Tony, Bucky’s pregnant,” Steve blurted out, not meaning to be so blunt, but Tony wasn’t going to listen to him any other way. “He did an ultrasound on himself, and we saw this bubble inside him, and it looks like the pictures online. He says he’s been feeling sick, and he really has been tired lately-“
“I have no idea, it’s Howard Stark though, Sam, he could afford to pay everyone in the city to watch me. I know that the guy who had my job before, he felt in love with Bucky too and he conveniently died in a car accident,” Steve said, quieting down for a moment as the waitress delivered their food, smiling at her politely and waiting until she was gone before he began to speak again. “I can’t assume I’m safe. Not ever. So what I need you to do is take that envelope, and if two weeks ever go by without me contacting you, I want you to take that envelope and I want you to give it to who you think you can trust most. I don’t know who Stark has in his corner, I don’t know if the police are safe, but maybe the media is.”
“Will you talk to someone? You got a doctor to do video calls for a pregnant man, I’m sure you can find a therapist to talk to that way, and I can take Bucky somewhere so you have privacy,” Steve suggested, trying to keep his voice calm and gentle, knowing that the last thing Tony needed right now was a fight, and they’d already narrowly avoided one.
“No, it’s a sports score,” Tony said, pocketing his own phone. “We shouldn’t use phones, it’s impolite.”
“You really want to do this? Both of you?” Tony had to ask before they started, knowing that he wasn’t just asking them to join him in marriage, but in ruling an entire kingdom.
“Cupcakes, four of them,” Steve said, opening the box to show them off. He’d gone to this shop before, and he’d always been happy with what he brought home, especially the lemon vanilla ones, though Peggy swore by the red velvet. “I got a lemon vanilla, chocolate raspberry, carrot cake, and coffee creme. I had no idea what you’d like, so I got my four favourites and figured you could have first pick of them.”
Tony jerked the wheel, going up on the sidewalk in front of a thankfully empty bus stop and nailing the mailbox hard enough to send it a few feet down the pavement. Sitting completely still for a few seconds, he turned and looked at Bucky and Steve in the backseat, blinking a few times before slowly turning back around and continuing to drive down the street.
“I thought if I talked about what I knew, I could help,” Clint offered, hoping that would save him from the two angry looking men.
“Not long after we got here, I thought they might come in handy,” Tony said with a grin as he looked back to Bucky. “I know you’ve never been to a wedding, have you seen any in movies?”
“Be careful!” Steve called after Tony as he grabbed his bag full of money and left, locking the door before he closed it. Letting out a long breath, he pulled Bucky closer as he put his head back. “Bucky, how are you doing? Let me know what’s going on in your head so I can help.”
“King T’Challa is a good man, though, I don’t think they could find a better King for managing everything he does,” Tony remarked, having nothing but respect for the man, even if he couldn’t afford his vibranium.
“…they made me a…” Bucky pursed his lips, shaking his head, his eyes down on the floor. “They made me able to carry children, they put a...inside me, there’s…it’s just fucked up. Father’s son is gay, so they made me…they made for him. So he could have heirs, Father says they need to have Stark children to carry on the name. They’ve told me all my life I’ll be his when I turn eighteen.”
“Thank you…” Bucky whimpered as he slowly began to collect himself, reaching out to touch the arm, running his fingers down it. “Thank you so much, it’s beautiful, I love it so much.”
Bucky looked away for a moment, rocking a little as he clenched his eyes shut, trying to calm himself down, though it wasn’t working. The more he tried to push things from his head, the more they latched on, screaming that there was no part of him that was his own any more, that nothing about him was real, it was all manufactured by scientists in a lab.
“I can’t…oh gods…” Steve groaned as a shiver ran up his spine, his hips jolting out of rhythm as Bucky bared down on him. He didn’t know how much longer he was going to be able to last if his partner kept doing tricks like that.
“I’m going to…” cried Bucky, biting down on the pillow as Tony fucked him as hard as he could, his body trembling as he felt himself slowly being pushed towards the edge. Then, just as he could feel his orgasm starting to bloom, it hit him like a thousand pounds all at once. Screaming into the down pillow, Bucky came hard into Tony’s hand as the other man finished inside him with a shout.
“Do you want to?” Bucky asked, timidly placing his hand on Tony’s chest, slowly running down over his stomach muscles as he held his breath.
“I told him I’d cover his shift but he wasn’t hearing it,” Steve laughed, looking over to the pub at the edge of the square where Sam was leaning up against the wall. “I think he’s had a few drinks, I’m sure he’s fine. Besides, I came with you, I’m staying with you.”
“Thank you so much. Thank you so much for that,” Tony said, hooking up the ultrasound to the computer before sitting back on the couch. “We probably should have just waited until you’re up here for this. Sorry.”
“How much do you think we need? Are we trying to fill the box?” Steve asked, bending down to pick up a few more sticks, carrying them over to the wheelbarrow.
“So do I,” Steve breathed, leaning his cheek against Bucky’s head. “We’ll be back with him soon, and we’ll be safe then. This will all be worth it.”
Bucky shook his head a little, crying hard as he pressed a kiss to Peter’s head on top of his black locks. “Thank you…” he wept, nuzzling his son and breathing him in. “Thank you for not taking them away from me…”
“You know what? Fuck this brave ‘let the doctor sleep’ shit, we’re going in now, we need some kind of relief for you. You’re not sitting here in pain,” Tony said, getting up and grabbing the bucket, looking around for anything else they might need. “Don’t we have a bag?”
“Don’t be nervous, Bucky, you’re doing great,” Tony hoped that wouldn’t make Bucky feel embarrassed or put on the spot, he truly did just want the other man to relax. “I know this is new for you, this is new for me too. I wish I could automatically make this easier.”
“It’s such a hard habit to break though,” Sarah held her cup in both hands, warming her palms. She should have been at work hours ago, right now she should be covered in fish innards and scales. But instead of freezing, aching hands, fingers that struggled to straighten and bend, she was sitting in a dressing gown worth more than every garment she’d ever owned put together. It was surreal in the most beautiful way possible.
“With my thirty fifth birthday approaching, I’m sure some of you know that it is also the deadline for me to find a husband or wife,” Tony began, feeling that it would be best to explain to everyone why he’d decided to do this. “I don’t have anyone in my life that I want to marry, but I do want to keep my crown, so I had to make a choice. And my choice was to wed one of my people, one of you, so that you may have representation in my house, so that I may learn from you as you learn from me. I wanted a spouse that would enrich me. But I don’t have time to meet each and every one of you to make my choice, so I brought to you my lottery. This is a fair and equal chance for all eligible families, regardless of position, appearance, anything that could influence my decision. I am letting fate choose my betrothed!”
“Steve, you know I mean it when I say I pledge my life to you,” Bucky begged his trembling fingers not to drop the ring, mentally cheering when he managed to get it on Steve’s finger. “I gave an arm for you when you were ill, and it was the best decision I ever made in my life. I don’t know what I’d do if you weren’t here, I wouldn’t be strong enough to make this journey without you. Tony and I are great together, but we need you too. You make me feel so safe, Steve, you…you make me feel more important than a king. You both do. I love you so much, I don’t want to lose you for anything.”
“Now?” asked Steve, raising his eyebrows as he looked back and forth between them. “I mean, I can go now, but…”
“Is that your way of telling me to leave?” Tony asked flatly, raising an eyebrow as stared down Fury’s good eye. “I am your King, you know.”
“….no,” Bucky said, picking up his water again as he slumped in his chair a bit, looking grumpy as Tony picked up his phone and typed something, Steve’s phone going off a second later. “Did that say ‘told you’? Give me that.”
“What do you have that could make me forget the concept of chance?” Tony asked, letting out a long breath, not moving an inch otherwise.
“I don’t know about that…” she said as she hugged her notebook to her chest, her cheeks burning brightly.
“I’m going to agree with you, that was hot,” Tony said as he picked up the bottle of lube, keeping it in his hand as he moved between Bucky’s still spread legs, looking down at the very spent young man. “Hi, baby. I heard Steve call you baby, too, I think that’s a sign. I think you have a nickname, or another one, what do you think?”
“Bucky, you should take your clothes off, they’re soaked,” Natasha Romanov chastised as her best friend and roommate came into the room and sat down.
“Did you know their names?” Natasha asked, her interests piqued when she realized he was using their common names. “Specifically, what were you told?”
“Good, I’m glad to hear you’re taking this so seriously,” Dr. Marner said, fiddling with her computer for a moment. “I think we have the ultrasound working, I’m getting black image here along with you three.”
“You both do,” Sam said with confidence, turning back to his meal, hoping that both Steve and Bucky had happiness on top of safety, but he didn’t know how realistic that was. He wasn’t about to give Steve something else to worry about, though. He was going to be as positive about this as he could be. “I hope you make each other smile just looking at each other.”
“Alright, alright, I get it,” Von Doom snapped, glaring back at Stane to shut up. “So Tony doesn’t want to marry me, I get that, we obviously have to put him into a situation where he has absolutely no choice in the matter.”
“No, I like them for the same reasons in some cases, and different reasons in others, they’re just like…they’re a balance,” Tony laughed weakly, rubbing his forehead, wishing this was somehow easier. Though at the same time, he wouldn’t have wanted things to happen any other way.
“I figure we can have the wedding in a month or so, lots of time before I turn thirty five,” Tony continued, popping another piece of fruit in his mouth. “It can’t possibly take that long to organize a wedding.”
“Hello, Uncle,” Tony said with a sigh, not looking up from his magnifying lens as he tweaked a gear. “Were we? I suppose the time slipped away. My greatest regrets.”
“Fuck me hard…Stevie, come on, fucking give it to me,” Bucky begged greedily, rocking into each thrust, his cock dripping as it bounced against his stomach. “I want you to finish in me so bad, I’ve missed your cum in my ass.”
“He’s smart,” Tony said, looking back at Steve, nodding a little. “I do care about you. I know we just met but I’m glad you’re here. I’m glad for your role in all of this because I think Bucky needed you. I need you. If anything good is going to come out of all of this horror, I hope it’s this.”
“Okay, I’m-woah!” Tony laughed nervously when he stepped in the room, jumping back as their kiss broke. “I can go, I’ll just-“
“It would be his loss,” Steve said frankly, staring back at Bucky into his sky blue eyes, wishing he could lift every worry off him. “I’ve only known you a couple months and I know you’re brilliant, you can pick things up so fast, and you’re kind, which I don’t think many people would be if they’d been through what you have. You’re curious, you ask lots of intelligent questions, and you’re pretty good at answering when I ask you things. You have a good sense of humour, or close to mine anyway, and…you make people want to like you. From the moment I saw you, I liked you.”
“It’s…hot,” Steve coughed, blinking back tears, wondering how Bucky could just drink it like that. “I don’t know if hot is the right word. It burns though. I’ve only ever had ale and wine.”
As a feeling like ice water ran down his back, Steve took a slow breath in, looking back down at Bucky as he realized just what he’d got himself into. And, as if he could hear him, Bucky took that opportunity to look up at Steve, their blue eyes meeting through the clear glass.
“I think you two just don’t want me to sad. Even if we watch a sad movie, you’re so quick to start joking after, like I’ll break if I start to cry,” Bucky pointed out with a weak smile on his face. He was thankful that they cared for him as much as they did, even if they were too careful with him sometimes.
“Holy sh-…I mean, this is nice,” Bucky mentally kicked himself for almost swearing, and started blushing outright as Tony burst out laughing.
“Soon’s as good as any time…” Tony said as he went to get the ultrasound machine, plugging it in as he pushed it over, feeling like they should do this now, hoping the doctor wasn’t busy. He just needed to think about something else for now. “Why don’t we call now?”
“What if I’m right?” Bucky asked, pushing down his pyjama pants to squirt some gel on his stomach, picking up the probe to run over his lower stomach.
“I am, I mean, what else is there to do that night? Besides, it’ll be easy to steal in a crowd like that,” Natasha said with a laugh, though there was something she was holding back on. She knew she was going to have to say it before Namor piped up and dropped the news.
“Okay…” Taking a deep breath, Steve slid further into Bucky as he tried to concentrate on where Tony’s fingers were pressed against him. Willing himself to relax, he let out a little gasp as he felt one of Tony’s digits open him up, quickly followed by a second one. Closing his eyes, he pushed back against them, feeling them slide further within him. “Ohhhh…”
“How about it, baby, do you think you could do this again?” Tony purred, leaning in to nuzzle Bucky’s cheek, pressing a kiss against him. “Do you think you could take us again later?”
“Long live the Starks!” a man in the crowd yelled out suddenly, only to be copied by everyone else in the room. Soon, it was so loud in the chapel that it was almost impossible to even think.
“Tony was right, you’re special, that’s a better word for it,” Steve clarified, reaching over to put his hand on Bucky’s shoulder, rubbing it gently. “I’m really glad I know you, Bucky, I’m glad I’m here.”
“Bucky…” Tony didn’t know what to say to that, not wanting to break Bucky’s heart by denying his theory. Tony couldn’t believe that fate is what brought Bucky to him, he didn’t want to think that someone had to suffer just to bring him happiness.
“Peter Joseph came in at four pounds and three ounces, so he’s a lot smaller than his sister, and a lot quieter,” Tony said, watching Bucky pull the baby closer. “Gwen and Peter are here, baby, what do you think about that?”
“Jokes on you, I stopped myself before I did it, I only got a few tugs in,” Bucky looked positively impish in the moonlight, having dodged a question to the best of his abilities. Steve already knew enough about him, he didn’t need him having too much of an advantage. Though, things will get boring if he just plays hard to get. “If you must know, though, I was thinking about both of you at the same time.”
“I don’t even think he knows I like him,” Peggy laughed through her tears, feeling more relief than sadness. “Though I wasn’t subtle when I started liking you, was I?”
“It’s not up to me,” Bucky said, pulling his knees up to his chest and hugging them, resting his chin on top. “Nothing is up to me. Even if I do choose what to eat, I still have to go on the exercise bike as long as I’m told to based on my choices.”
Tony didn’t say anything as Howard led him through the house, trying to make himself take long, deep breaths to keep himself from losing what little control he had left. He wanted to cry, his father, the only parent he had left, had done something so reprehensible that he had no idea what his next step was going to be. He didn’t even know what they would begin to charge him with, or if Howard’s lawyers would let him slip away. The only thing he could think was that he had to see Bucky, he had to make sure he was okay, and then he had to figure out how to right what Howard did to him. Walking into Howard’s home office, Tony didn’t compliment his father on a trap door well hidden as his desk moved to the side to reveal a stairway.
“How are you, Buck?” Steve asked, his heart swelling with love every second he watched Bucky and their children, seeing a look on Bucky’s face that he could only describe as pure contentment.
“Hey…” Bucky said as he walked through the door, taking a couple of steps into the room and stopping. “Am I bothering you? I can go if you want.”
“That’s why it’s not for me,” Natasha held up the ticket so Bucky could read it in the low light, the name ‘Barnes’ scrawled next to the number one hundred and thirty.
“I’ll get you something for your stomach,” Steve ducked into the kitchen to make a peppermint tea for Bucky, along with a few plain crackers on a plate.
“Or it’s a test,” Bucky mumbled, his arms crossed as he looked out the window. He’d sat still whilst they braided the sides of his hair, but he didn’t like being stuffed in the fancy outfit they’d made him. It looked more militaristic than Steve’s, which was kind of funny, but he did appreciate the way it made him look. His competition looked like any other rich man, he got to stand out.
“Excellent, that’s what I want to hear,” Stark said as he turned to look at Bucky, who was still playing with the cards. “What do you think, Bucky? Is Steve working out for you so far?”
“I…oh wow…” Taking a deep breath, Steve looked at the job description again, skimming it over. He didn’t know if he could say no, though, he wanted to separate from Peggy, and this would allow him to do that. This would allow him to do lots of things, maybe he could actually afford a bigger place, he could have an art studio. And if he didn’t do this job, someone else would, maybe not as well as he could do it, and he’d be back at his own desk.
“A trim, I think,” Bucky said, though he immediately second guessed himself and looked over at Pepper. “What does the King like? I mean, I’m supposed to be impressing him, what if he hates long hair and beards?”
“It’s for me when I’m working, you can’t knock it over,” Tony turned it on, picking up a half full water bottle, and setting it on the flat part. Taking out his phone, he walked it over past Howard on clawed feet, steering it up the wall as the table remained in place, until it was hanging from the ceiling. “See, it’s doing that part okay, the part it’s bad at…” Motioning for his father to step back, the robot came crashing down, the water bottle rolling under a desk as it went quiet.
“I-if you’re so sure…” Bucky took a deep breath, looking between them for a moment before he closed his eyes and tugged the shirt up and over his head, dropping it to the floor. Eyelids still shut, he rocked on his feet nervously for a moment. “Well, say something. You’re freaking me out.”
“Gods, Buck!” Now Steve was blushing, knowing that Bucky could tell in the light of their lantern. “Where did that come from?”
“There are other things you can do,” Steve said gently, not moving his arm from around Bucky. “I’m not stupid, I know how limited you are in here, I’m not trying to be insensitive, I’m sorry. I just meant-“
“So this is about your choice...” Steve murmured, looking over at Bucky, and then back to Tony as his heart ached in his chest. He wanted to give this to Bucky more than anything, but he knew he’d be too proud to just take it.
“Tony, you already know you’re in a position of power over them. You’re royalty, and they’re only here because you’ve invited them,” Rhodey sighed softly, hoping he was getting his point across without upsetting Tony or making his problems worse. “Whatever you do, they have to answer to you, so get that out of your head because there’s not a lot you can do about it.”
“Depends what the question is,” Tony said, filling his glass again, clearly not caring that it was still early in the day.
“That’s never one hundred percent, they might discover something about themselves down the road,” Tony said softly, looking out the window before giving his head a little shake and looking at Bucky. “Not that I’m trying to ruin the excitement, I’m just…it’s fine. I think it’s a good idea.”
“So what are you doing here yourself, Sire, if you don’t mind me asking?” Fury stood up from his seat on the cold stone, walking over to Tony. “It’s usually your Uncle I see if things aren’t going quite right. Is he well?”
“What else did they lie to me about you?” Steve asked, knowing he needed every detail to be perfect if he was going to plan to steal Bucky. He would be going against the resources of one of the biggest companies on the entire planet, and all he was was an artist who’d settled for a desk job.
“It’s fine. Both of you, please relax, that’s why I gave you the whiskey,” Tony said, wondering if he should give them more. He was pretty sure Bucky was already drunk though, he looked like he was swaying on his feet a bit. “Why don’t we have a seat? Make things a little more informal.”
“Entirely too much of the buildings around the castle are made with straw,” Strange said in a way that encouraged Tony to just drop the matter. “I can make light without heat.”
“Oh, I-seriously? I work in client care, I really think you have the wrong guy if you’re thinking of top secret, I just make sure clients are happy and-“ Steve shook his head, wide eyed, hoping this was all some weird mistake. “I don’t get why I’m here.”
“Yeah, after him,” Clint said as he pointed over at Bucky. “I came in through his window when he wasn’t in the room. I was going to kill him here and then move over the outside of the building to your window.”
“James Barnes,” Bucky said softly, though he didn’t move. He looked more uncomfortable than anything, not sure what to do with his hand until he put it behind him. “…Bucky Barnes.”
“Come in,” Steve said, sitting up a bit and setting down his phone, having spent the last hour reading a book on it after Bucky passed out against his chest. Before then, they’d been talking about all the places Steve was going to take him once he felt ready to be around people, though Steve was sure that they were a long ways off doing that yet.
“Yes you can, you can do this. Do you want me to put you down? What do you want me to do?” Steve asked frantically, though he started to walk faster so they could get into the car sooner. “Anything you want, let me help you.”
“It’s worth the chance, Bucky,” Natasha said, pleased that he hadn’t hit anything or thrown something at something else. This was going much better than it would have with Namor.
“Okay,” Bucky grunted, getting up with a little difficultly. “I don’t want to get any bigger than this.”
“Tony, he did tell us what he knew,” Bucky piped up, looking over at his unimpressed fiancé. “Maybe we can figure out who hired these people if we follow the name Ten Rings.”
“Y-yeah…I just…” Bucky looked up at Tony, licking his lips as his wide eyes searched the other man’s face for a moment. “…can I suck your dick while he fucks me?”
“As we should,” Stane was having a hard time keeping calm through this conversation; he was going to have to change topics quick. “Tony, we can worry about that after the funeral, but…there’s something I have to discuss with you regarding it.”
“Do you want me to take yours off?” Tony said, waiting for the tight little nod Bucky gave him before he slowly began to lower his boxers, his eyes staying on Bucky’s looking for any sign of fear or nervousness beyond normal anticipation. When he was confident that Bucky was truly alright, he pushed his shorts off his hips, careful of his erection, waiting until they’d fallen to the floor. Taking a step forward, he put his hands on Bucky’s shoulders, rubbing them before he pulled him into a kiss, pressing their bodies together.
“Of course, we left right away,” Von Doom lied, not feeling the need to tell Tony they’d left this morning and used magic to get there quickly. Tony didn’t need to know what he was capable of. “I think it took thirteen days, we knew of a few good shortcuts.”
“Dr. Marner had her price, did you know she has a son with drug addiction issues? What am I saying, of course you did, you offered to send him to the best rehabilitation place in the world. We did it a little differently, we just mailed her his finger,” Howard said casually, shrugging as he smiled again, obviously quite pleased with his ability to outplay his son. “She’s very, very sorry, though, but really, she couldn’t say no to us.”
“I know, I know…” Tony rubbed his eyes, the headache flaring up again as he stress levels rose. “Let me see what I can do, let’s not worry, let’s…let’s try to relax for tonight. There’s nothing I can do right this second.”
“What colour are you at, Buck?” Steve asked, not wanting to rush Bucky in if he needed more time to build up his courage, though he didn’t want Bucky to have to go through pain because they were delaying things.
“Steve, you have to try to squeeze through, you have go now, there’s no time,” Bucky wasn’t sure if Steve could fit through the hole he’d broken, but he had to try now. The footsteps were getting closer.
“Sounds like a plan,” Bucky said, excited about going to the great kingdom of Wakanda with both his husbands and the rest of his family. Less excited about his gift to the other two, really doubting himself at the moment. “Okay, about these presents-“
“How do you keep yourself in check?” Tony asked, his voice quiet as he studied the wizard before him. Strange was reclusive, he didn’t get much opportunity to speak to him like this, and he was going to take advantage of it.
“Can we sleep in here tonight?” Bucky asked, looking at the huge bed, his heart speeding up a bit as he remembered exactly why they were there. He was looking forward to that a lot more than sleeping.
“That means he will be leaving here and moving on to his new home, where your services may still be required,” Ms. Carr said with a tight smile as Steve went back to reading the contract. “If you choose to end your employment when he turns eighteen, you will be rewarded handsomely for your silence in this matter. To put it lightly, you won’t ever need to worry about money again whichever path you choose.”
“Come on, Mom, it’s just a haircut,” Steve laughed, though there was a tremor to his voice. He could see his reflection in a mirror hanging off the wall, something he wasn’t used to seeing quite that clearly, or without his scruffy blond hair.
“Can we save that til we’re on a plane to Dawson City?” Tony asked, actually stopping at the light, though he felt sick to his stomach every moment they weren’t moving. As soon as the light went green, the pedal hit the floor.
“Do you know what happened to the other kids? No one ever told me where they went, just that they only kept Bucky,” Steve asked, figuring it was yet another detail he was better off not knowing.
“I’m going to figure something out, okay? I don’t know how or what or when, but I’m not going to let them keep you in a basement for your entire life. Maybe if…the chip in your neck, could you just stand the shock if I run you through?” Steve was pretty sure Ms. Carr had said the shock wouldn’t badly hurt Bucky, but he didn’t want to just try it.
“First off, I’m going to be there with you, so you’re not going to be alone. They already said I could move with you,” Steve said, reaching out to put his hand on Bucky’s legs to give it a squeeze. “I promise you, I’m going to make this as good as I can for you. Whatever happens, I’m here for you, got it?”
“We can’t have him get out, it’s for his best interests as well as ours,” Ms. Carr said, having readied herself for some more difficult questions from Steve. It was inevitable when he realized exactly what this job entailed, she’d have been surprised if he’d just accepted it. “It’s enough to incapacitate him, but cause any real damage. He hasn’t tried to escape in years, it’s only really a precaution.”
“Of course you do,” Bucky said, reaching up to put his hands on either side of Tony’s face, cupping his cheeks. “I don’t want to be without Steve, and I don’t want to be without you now that I have you. I don’t think it’s often you find three people that all want to be together, I think it’s pretty special and it means something. Maybe all of that had to happen to me to get me right here, right now, and…and I think that’s the only way I can justify my past, to think that I had to suffer to be here.”
“It’s so cool!” Bucky said, popping his head over it to look down at Tony and Steve. “The roof is made of window above the bed, but there are these sliding things that cover it. I think we should open it up. Oh, and there’s another bathroom up here!”
“I’m not going out there for you,” Pepper said flatly, watching Tony toss back the whiskey in one gulp. “Sire, if I went out there, they’d only keep chanting to see you. I can’t do this job for you.”
As James “Rhodey” Rhodes made his way through the castle, he leaned on the polished wood cane the King had gifted him after a jousting accident. The pain wasn’t bad as long as he had that, though it had taken some getting used to. He was impressed that Tony had felt guilty enough about what happened to carve him his own custom cane. He didn’t blame Tony for the accident, he’d chosen to be there, it was just poor luck that saw the King’s lance striking him as it did. It was part of the risk of being a knight, something he accepted long before he was injured.
“I just meant that we don’t have passports,” Steve said flatly, though he wasn’t going to hold that against Tony at all. If he punished Tony every time he was sarcastic, they’d probably never speak again.
“I’m telling you now, I think you two are going to look fabulous,” Pepper said, almost excited at the thought of black outfits with the King’s colours on them.
“I don’t think being good with electronics is going to help me here, but if you want me to…” Tony said, about to pick up the probe and start trying it out when the laptop began to ring. Hitting a key, the doctor appeared on the screen, her white hair glowing in the sunlight from her window, her usual smile on her face. Tony had chosen her because she’d worked around the world delivering babies, and her track record was spectacular. That and she was retired, which made her less obvious if his father was sniffing around.
“I know you will,” Bucky said, a small worried smile crossing his face, sniffing back tears. “So much is going to change so fast. You know, when we leave this room, we’re going to be fathers.”
“I’m okay, really,” Tony said after a minute, ignoring the voice in his head that insisted he clearly wasn’t even close to okay.
“If you’re sure,” Bucky said with an uneasy laugh, still wary on how to behave exactly and hating Natasha for not choosing to do this herself. She was way better with people than he was. He knew he really needed to get some sort of pardon for her past crimes though, he didn’t know if they’d try to throw her in the dungeons.
“Would it help if I fucked you while you fucked him?” Tony asked, noticing Steve getting out of breath fast, his face flushed bright red as sweat weighed down his hair. “I mean, I know I can always get my cock sucked again, right Bucky? You seem pretty eager, I’m going to guess you like doing it.”
“S-sure…” Bucky blushed, lacing his arm through Tony’s, his cheeks burning brightly as he leaned against him a little. He couldn’t believe he was here, on the King’s arm, about to spend the evening with him.
“Tony…” Howard started, walking over to him to calm his son, not wanting him to scare Bucky on their first meeting.
“It’s better to have you here and have that gone,” Bucky said finally, looking up into Steve’s eyes, smiling at him as the last of the stress of showing off his arm left him. They weren’t disgusted, they were treating him like normal, he wasn’t being pushed away like he so dreaded.
“That’s…that’s very kind of you,” Bucky said, surprised that the King had just casually said that he was courting the two of them. He still couldn’t believe this was happening, though he was still pretty sure Steve was going to win.
Bucky’s eyes moved to Steve first, waiting for him to nod slightly, before he nodded at Tony himself. Letting Tony help him to his feet, Bucky wiped at his eyes with his sleeve, holding his other hand out for Steve.
“Thank you,” Tony said, his shoulders relaxing now that he knew Stane was on his side. “Let me know how it goes.”
“This is impossible, my Uncle says we don’t tax the peasants unfairly,” Tony was stunned, figuring he might have a reputation of partying too much, but not this. “He said they’re being taxed so low our own amount of gold was lower than the other Kingdoms. I specifically wanted that, he assured me! Are you sure there’s no mistake?”
“It’s stunning,” Bucky said after a moment of stunned silence, shaking his head. “You even got the spot on Bess’s head right. It’s perfect, it’s…it’s being hung in here, right? I want to look at this a lot.”
“Where could we hide them, though? And what about bodies?” Tony didn’t see how this was going to work, everything was just getting more and more complicated in his head.
“And I needed a lottery to get you both, so sometimes extra help is needed,” Tony laughed as he sat down on a couch, reclining and putting his feet up on an ottoman.
“Bucky, we have to get out of here now,” Steve said, his voice serious and stern to cover the fear flowing through him.
“I will be in your life as long as you let me,” Steve said, opening up his arms and pulling Peggy into a tight hug. “You’re not going to get rid of me that easily. Raj is a lucky guy.”
“I’ve never asked him,” Steve said, though he wished he did. He’d have to ask him in the morning when he was awake, but he didn’t think he was going to like the answer. “He’s seen lots of movies and television shows, so he knows what life on the outside is like, he’s just never participated in it.”
“I’d do it if I were you…” panted Tony as Bucky’s expert tongue weaved it’s way around the tip of his cock, teasing his slit. “How the fuck did you get so good at that?”
“Alright, I’ll lead the way,” Howard said with a relaxed laugh, trying to diffuse the situation as much as he could. Honestly, he thought Tony was just being dramatic, he probably needed to get some rest and some actual food. “Tony, once you meet him, it’ll all make sense…”
“Yeah, I don’t think so,” Bucky leaned back, taking a drink of orange juice, keeping a completely straight face. On the occasions they had to return to the Stark mansion, he coped with their time there, but he was much more at home when they were back in Dawson City. “Steve, can you give me a ride into town later? I want to grab some ice cream. And a pizza.”
“Thank you again for that,” Bucky said as he came back to the door, stepping through into the hall. He felt awkward as hell, not knowing where to put his arm, finally letting it just hang at his side. These clothes weren’t as dressy as the ones he wore to supper, but they were still nicer than he was used to. Also, he was pretty sure he’d forgotten everything Pepper told him about etiquette. “Uhm…after you?”
“He was quiet, but his mind was always going,” Tony laughed weakly, reaching up to brush away a tear he’d managed to conjure. “He was so thoughtful, he cared about people even though they didn’t care about him. His goats were his life, and I don’t think there are better cared for goats in the whole Kingdom. Bucky was very nurturing, even if he wouldn’t admit it himself. He would have been so good with the kids we would have adopted. He would have done anything for them.”
Pouring another drink, Tony rested it against his forehead, the ice inside chilling the glass just enough to cool his brow. Taking it with him, he headed upstairs to his rooms next, going straight to his bathroom to grab a few painkillers to wash down with the rest of his scotch. He was definitely in the mood to get very drunk tonight, but he needed to be more responsible than that, he needed to go see his houseguests and fill them in on what was going on. He was pretty sure that they’d sleep a lot easier knowing that Howard was locked away for now. Leaving his glass behind, he headed down the hall to the room Steve and Bucky had selected, knocking softly on the door.
“I’m going to agree that it’s good Steve is here,” Tony leaned in to give Bucky a soft kiss against the raised scar, nuzzling the spot afterwards. “But your sacrifice should be honoured. Thank you, Bucky, for making sure both of you made it here to me.”
“Stop. Stop there,” Bucky put his hand up, eyes wide as his respiration rate picked up. “We’re not allowed to fuck or do anything to ourselves, so I think we should stop now before we do something we regret. I love you, but I love Tony too, and we need to do this right.”
“A soldier should be able to afford a small house of his own. I’m glad you’re not in that place, I can’t imagine it’s that clean,” Sarah set the bowl of stew in front of Steve along with a plate with a few biscuits.
“Thanks…” the corners of Bucky’s mouth played up in a little smile as their blue eyes met. There was so much warmth in them still. It was like looking down at his long dead mother. Like it always had been.
Bucky couldn’t help the smile that broke across his face, and as the sky lit up with stars above them, he couldn’t remember ever feeling as content as this. This was his home, this was his family, and he really wasn’t alone any more.
And with that thought, Tony’s mind went back to Latveria, wondering just how much his uncle didn’t know about Victor Von Doom.
“No one’s ever asked,” Tony replied, smiling genuinely as their eyes met again. He wished it was brighter in here, he wanted to see every shade of blue in Bucky’s irises. “Just because I’m important doesn’t mean anyone really cares. I mean, Pepper cares, but she kind of has to. I don’t know what she’d do if I told her she was free, I mean, she might stay out of some sense of loyalty but…” Tony put his hand on Bucky’s shoulder, giving it a squeeze.
“Tony, what are you going to do about your crown?” Pepper asked, clearly worried as she gave his shoulder a squeeze. “I don’t want to see anything bad happen to you. You’re a good man.”
“Oh my god…” Steve said weakly, kind of zoning out as the doctor directed Tony around Bucky’s belly, trying to wrap his mind around two babies. One baby was supposed to be dangerous to Bucky, two was…he was afraid of what two was.
“I thought you might at first, but that you’d see sense,” Howard said, figuring he was going to have to speed things up. “Come on, I’ll take you to meet him, you’ll feel better once you get to know him.”
“It’s a surprise to me as well, I didn’t think that King Von Doom was coming in person,” Stane laughed, trying to sound as relaxed as possible as he took his place at Tony’s side. “How are you holding up? Or would you rather have that conversation in private?”
“Mom, I don’t think we need to be this close to the front…” Steve said as his mother guided him through the tightly packed crowd.
“Fuck…” Bucky breathed as he stood up, though a few seconds later, the pain slowly faded, leaving him with a dull ache. He wanted to go to bed, he was still exhausted, but he didn’t want to wake Tony and Steve by rolling around trying to accommodate an aching back. He was going to have to go downstairs to the couch and hope it was as easy to fall asleep there now as it was in the afternoon watching television with his husbands.
“Tony, I pledge my life to you, I…” Steve had a speech planned in his head, but it was all gone now, not even leaving scraps behind to go off of. Slipping the ring on Tony’s finger, he decided to just wing it. “Tony, I know a lottery brought us together, but that’s not what keeps us together. In the short time I’ve known you, you’ve been thoughtful, kind, and I love spending time with you. What I love even more is how you treat Bucky too, my heart sings every time I see him smile because of you. I don’t want to be with just him, I want to be with both of you. I love you both, Tony and Bucky, I always will.”
“I’ll try to remember that,” Steve said with a nod, sure that Tony wasn’t chastising him or anything, it was just a gentle suggestion. Right?
“Likewise,” Howard smiled, looking over at the box of cupcakes, chuckling a little. “I guess that’s one way to win someone over. How’s your first morning going so far. Steve?”
“…Bucky, you know we can’t let you go. You’re legally dead, and you’re very unique, and that means you’re going to live a different life from everyone else,” Howard said without much sympathy as the boy broke down in front of him. “The rest of your room will be packed up and sent to the mansion, it shouldn’t take you both long to unpack. I’ll leave you to it for now.”
“No, Tony, you need to listen. Bucky’s pr-“ Steve began, looking down at a pale and nervous Bucky when he realized what a big step they’d just forced him to take. “Bucky, we didn’t have a choice, we had to leave like that…” He doubted anything he said was going to make this situation any better, he felt helpless. “Tony, he can’t go on a plane with him like this. He’d draw too much attention.”
“Now, the rings. Anthony, if you would remove yours and pass it to Steven,” the priest directed, waiting for them to do so. “Now, Steven, place the ring on Anthony’s left ring finger an-“
“It’ll get lighter soon,” Tony laughed as he led Bucky down the stone stairs, holding the lantern in front of him. When he got to the bottom, he let go of Bucky to approach a large wood ring covered in oil lamps. Lighting each one, he placed a glass sleeve around them before pulling a rope, sending the whole thing skyward with a pulley. It wasn’t much, but it was enough to send light through the whole room.
“I see, and what about crimes against the poor?” Tony said, his jaw set in anger at the sound of the justice system in his Kingdom. Another failure on his part.
“Fath-?“ Steve was about to ask what he meant by creator and if Bucky’s parents were involved in this when he heard the door open in the other room. Turning his head, he expected to see Ms. Carr or the nurse, so when Howard Stark came strolling in, his eyebrows nearly migrated to his hairline. He looked just like he did in the company newsletters, powerful and smart without a hair out of place, but still friendly. Everyone always said that Stark was a kind man, and face to face with him now, Steve was hoping that it was true.
“That’s everything from me,” Bucky nodded, giving Tony a smile as he helped himself to some more meat. He didn’t think Tony needed to know that he wanted to influence him into lowering taxes and sparing the poor. And beating Steve Rogers for the chance to do so was even sweeter.
“We’ll see about that,” Tony said, getting to his feet and pulling the magnifying lens over so it was above the small section he’d been tinkering with. His mind was so wrapped up with the new idea that occurred to him that he hadn’t noticed his uncle leaving.
Washing his hands and ready to go back to bed, Bucky felt a strange pain in his back that took the wind out of him for a moment. Putting the lid down on the toilet, he sat down on it, putting his hand on his back and closing his eyes as he breathed slowly. It was probably a pinched nerve or something, but he couldn’t help but to worry about it. He didn’t need any more mystery pains, his body already felt like he’d switched places with an old person with how slow he was to get to his feet.
“Let’s get to Dawson City, and get settled, then we can talk about that more,” Tony said, his voice straining to stay low and even as he backed up and got back on the road. “It’s your choice, Bucky, just…let’s wait to talk about it. One problem at a time, okay? Or should I say ‘eh’?” He laughed weakly, sounding more defeated than anything else, not sure how much more he could take. If that plane wasn’t ready to go and compliant with his wishes, he was going to have to start taking people out.
“I’m okay with you and Steve, I don’t need anyone else,” Bucky insisted, relaxing in Tony’s arms, feeling like everything seemed right in his world for once. “I just want you two.”
“Do we have to call each other that?” Bucky asked softly, making a bit of a face, though he supposed he liked his name the most out of the bunch.
“Okay, there’s…there’s an extra person,” Tony said after a moment of everyone looking around confused. “What’s going on?” \
“You’re hardly fine, you look like you fell in the lake,” Natasha shook her head at her friend’s stubbornness, but there wasn’t much more she could do with a grown twenty year old. “Are you hungry? There’s some bread in the kitchen, I can get it for you.”
“It’s just nice to feel so clean, and well rested, and…” Steve only wished he felt more at home here. It was comfortable, but it would take him more than one evening to feel truly settled. “It’s hard to think of this as home though.”
The spot wasn’t big, maybe the size of a grape, and it only went a few millimetres deep into the wood, a peeled back chunk exposing a patch of unprotected wood tinged a red ochre. Nothing around it was stained the same, the protective layer that kept the rest of the wood dark brown and smooth had done its job, though that one area still stood out, telling a story of what had happened that night. After Howard died, the cleaning service had tried their best to get the blood and brain off of the surface, and Tony couldn’t fault them for the job they did. It wasn’t one he could have done himself, even if he was the one to pull the trigger on his father himself, but seeing the aftermath was something entirely different.
“I understand…” Stane forced a smile, standing to bow slightly, his hand still on the side of his cup. “I promise you, this will be something that none of them shall forget for a very long time.”
“I’ll try not to,” Bucky panted, clutching his bucket and Tony’s hand, wishing he could do something, anything, to escape the pain. When it finally eased up again, he let out a relieved sigh, his body relaxing against Steve.
“I believe in you,” Tony said to him, clasping his hands in front of him as he looked at Steve, admiring how handsome he was. This competition couldn’t be on looks alone, though, because it would end in a stalemate. “And if there’s anything you don’t know how to do, Janet said she’d teach you.”
“What would you like me to do?” Steve asked, not wanting to push him, though he felt like he should reach down and rub Bucky’s back, give the kid some actual physical contact. He hadn’t touched Bucky much, however, and he didn’t know how the boy would react to it.
“I’m not going to question you. If you say that’s how you feel, I’ll believe you,” Tony said, feeling guilty that it had crossed his mind. “And don’t worry about making me happy, you make me happy when you look at me. I mean, you don’t even have to be here because I could think about you and that would put a smile on my face.”
“You don’t know my idiot nephew,” Stane snorted, rolling his eyes. “Throwing away his entire future for some idyllic notion of love and family is something he was born to do.”
“You will, but don’t feel bad, my vote still trumps yours,” Tony smiled, nuzzling Bucky’s head before pressing a kiss to it. “Not that I plan on voting against you in anything, you both seem to be pretty intelligent and thoughtful. Frankly, I think everyone should be thrilled there will be three Kings to get everything done. This is going to be much more productive.”
“…I never loved someone before you, and now I feel like I have all the love in the world, so thank YOU,” Bucky said, moving his hand so it was against Steve’s chest, running his fingers over it, feeling the tension of carrying him in his husband’s muscles. “I love you so much, Steve…”
“I think the healthiest thing we could do right now is stop looking for who to blame and look for ways to move on,” Steve said as he watched  Bucky open his mouth to argue only to close it again. “Bucky, we’re going to be staying in Dawson City, both because Tony needs to stay put until the police clear him and because we thought it’s where you want to be, is that okay?” He smiled a bit when Bucky nodded, though he could still see worry in his eyes.
“You should mention that the crowd needs to keep calm,” Stane whispered to Tony, adjusting the bowl in his hands, wondering just how big this headache was going to be.
“And protect him? No. No, I’m not lying to the kids at all, you’re right. I don’t want to have stories I need to keep straight,” Tony looked behind him as Steve came down the stairs with a couple of new shirts and the first aid kit. “Steve, we’re telling the kids the truth about Bucky, and my dad, and anything else they need to know about. We’re just going to have to figure out how to say it.”
“I’m sorry, Tony, but that isn’t an option,” Stane reminded him as he sat down on another chair Tony kept nearby. “You forfeit and you lose your money, your resources, all of Iron Castle, including this room. So if you want to continue to waste your time, I suggest you hurry up and get married. I’ve already assembled the information on a few good matches for you.”
“Fuck you!” Bucky shouted back, rolling off the far side of the bed, getting to his feet. If he was going to have any chance of this, he had to be on his feet. He might be missing an arm, but he had a great sense of balance and a hard skull. “I am King Anthony’s fiancé, and that’s not even the reason you’re going to be so fucked up!”
“Oh, Steve, this is Jarvis, he’s the personal butler to the King,” Pepper explained, going over to Sarah next, cocking her head as she looked her over. “Jarvis is the best, but he only cuts the hair of those closest to His Majesty. He’s going to be fixing you both up today. I really think she just needs a trim, Jarvis, her hair is taken care of.”
“Okay, Bucky, go to sleep,” Bucky murmured to himself as he rolled over on his left side, pulling the blankets over his shoulder with his hand. Closing his eyes, he tried to force himself to be tired, but it wasn’t really happening. Thankfully he’d drunk enough that it should help make him drowsy soon.
“It might be safer to…” Steve laughed weakly, keeping his voice down as he picked up his coffee and took a long drink of it. “Sam, I don’t want you to get hurt, and the people involved in this can really make that happen.”
“Spit it out, honey, you’ve got yourself in a state and you’re babbling,” Tony sat up a bit, not sure if he was going to have to go hug it out of Bucky or not. “Take a deep breath and just say it.”
“Why don’t we just see how they get along themselves?” queried Bucky, taking a drink and licking his lips, loving this whiskey business. “I mean, you and I got together without any help.”
“Then that’s what you’ll have,” Tony reassured him, looking down at Buck as he continued to play with his hair. “…can I request one thing?”
“Almost. Just give me this, please, let me do this for you,” Bucky gripped the saw tighter in his metal hand, breathing hard as he tried to ignore the pain in his body. “I’m almost done…”
“This is…this is very thoughtful of you, thank you,” Tony said as he examined the bar, wondering what he could do with it once he got some back to his workshop. He was sure he could donate the rest to his best knights, but he was definitely taking some for himself.
“Probably not. I wonder how much money they’re wasting away on this,” said Steve as he wondered what was going into this, both in terms of spending and people’s time. “There has to have been an easier way to pick a consort. What if our taxes go up because of this?”
“NO!” Tony screamed, not even thinking as he lunged forward, tackling his father off the back of the couch and onto the ground, swinging his fists like a mad man before ripping the gun out of his hand. He didn’t realize Howard’s guard was coming up behind him, he didn’t even hear Steve breaking a chair over his head to take him out. All he could see was Howard’s face at the end of his gun, afraid and covered in blood, and as he pulled the trigger, all he could feel was hate.
“You haven’t won yet, princess,” Namor said, ignoring the look Natasha was giving him. “Don’t worry about it until you have something to worry about.”
“Steve..” Tony got up from his couch, kneeling down in front of the painting to study all the little details Steve had included within it. “Did you…is that my mechanical horse?”
Walking from the elevator, Steve carried a box with a chocolate chip banana muffin for Bucky, figuring he should have a treat if Steve was able to go out and eat. Wondering if he should have gotten Bucky some fancy latte or something, he was about to enter the room when a man came out the door with a box in his hands filled with a bunch of Bucky’s favourite video games. Wide eyed, Steve ran into the room to see why they were clearing out Bucky’s things, muffin forgotten in his hand. Stepping inside, he immediately saw Howard Stark standing in the middle of Bucky’s bedroom as the young man sat on the bed in tears. There were a couple others, including Bucky’s nurse, and they all seemed to be packing all the contents of his room. Setting down the box, Steve stepped through the doorway, heading towards Bucky’s bed. Reaching down to him, Steve took his hand as his attention turned to Howard, furious that they’d do anything to Bucky without him there to comfort him.
“You’re right,” Tony turned towards the house, walking up the short path to the porch, adjusting the heavy bag. “I hope I brought everything we’d need. I don’t know how long it takes something to be shipped up here. I think we have to go to the end of the crappy road for our mailbox.”
“I thought you wanted pork chops for supper,” Tony said as he half watched the twins, half returned to his lounge chair and beer.
“…I’m sorry….” Bucky said, his voice low and soft, trembling a little as he looked out the window. “I’m sorry for all of this.”
Bucky mentally congratulated himself for the brilliant idea as Natasha’s eyes grew wide for a moment before she caught herself and kept her expression neutral. Looking over at a thoughtful Pepper, Bucky bit his lip as he waited to see what she thought of that idea.
“No, I’m doing this,” Bucky gritted his teeth, stabbing into the wood clumsily, and trying to cut away all of that broken piece. He didn’t care what the floor was going to look like after, he was making sure it was clean though.
“Then…good luck with that,” Stane smirked as he raised his glass to his nephew, tossing back the alcohol as he laughed inside his head.
“If you accept the job, and we approve of you, we will show you where he is. You’ll also be given top level clearance for this division of the building, and you’ll be reporting to Howard Stark himself on occasions,” Ms. Carr said as she opened up another contract on her tablet to show Steve. “All we ask is that Mr. Barnes is never discussed outside of people with red star clearance. He must remain a secret for his own safety.”
He couldn’t think of anything he’d done wrong, everyone at work seemed to like him, he hadn’t been inappropriate with someone, all the clients had given him good reviews. Jennifer herself had told him that he was one of the best employees on the customer care team. Though, the more he thought about it, the more he realized it wouldn’t make any sense to send him to the other side of the Stark compound to be fired. He was pretty sure he was heading where the labs were, but he wasn’t nearly qualified to work there, so he knew it wasn’t for a consultation.
“Because Namor’s not likeable and no one wants to marry him,” Natasha said with a shrug, looking over at Namor. “No offence, I love you, you’re just very abrasive.”
“I’m very serious,” Natasha’s voice was serious, and Bucky knew he wasn’t going to be able to make her budge.
“Would I be dead if I didn’t wake up?” Bucky said flatly, looking over at Natasha before taking his hand and shaking it.
“Is that your plan then?” Stane asked, a new smile spreading across his face as a plan began to form in his head. Oh this was perfect, his nephew really was an idiot sometimes. He knew where they were now, it would be easy enough to wipe them out, and Von Doom would be back in the running. If they were really dead, Tony wouldn’t have the heart left in him to oppose them.
Steve reached over to touch Tony’s arm, giving it a reassuring squeeze as he began to cry openly, kneeling next to Bucky, desperately trying to hear for any of the emergency vehicles. He felt like someone had ripped his heart out, that he’d had everything he could have wanted and now he was watching it drain away.
“I want to do that again…” Tony grinned in the darkness, feeling oddly shy, a character trait no one would usually ever associate with him. “Is there any way we can do that again?”
“Fuck…” Tony whispered, leaning forward over his coffee, closing his eyes, fighting between his heart and his head when he heard a knock on the door behind him. Sitting upright, he pretended to be busy, removing the legs off his robot. “Come in.”
“I don’t know, I definitely don’t have those answers for you,” Rhodey reached over, touching his friend’s shoulder, giving it a squeeze. “All I know is if you really want this, you should fight for it. You can change laws, remember? If anyone can sort all of this, you can.”
“Then we have to make sure that doesn’t happen as well,” murmured Von Doom, tapping his finger against the edge of the ring. “We have to convince Tony his crown is too important to throw aside for romance.”
“Mmm, don’t tempt me to drag you to bed now,” Bucky purred, nuzzling Steve’s neck where it met his collarbone. “I want all of both of your attention all the time, so it would be safe to say that I wouldn’t mind taking you both at once yet again.”
“I’m looking for it…here, right there,” Bucky said, positioning the wand and holding his breath so he could get a good look at the screen. In the middle of what looked like greyish white static, there was a black void, and inside it a blurry ring. “That.”
Standing up off the bed, Bucky walked over to Steve, who stood almost a head taller than him, looking up into his eyes before his gaze turned to the box. Looking them over for a moment, he carefully began to reach for the lemon vanilla, his eyes moving back up to Steve to gauge his reaction to Bucky’s selection, waiting for one emotion specifically. When Steve didn’t look angry or say anything, Bucky carefully took it from the box in Steve’s hands and brought it over to a clear box on the table. Placing it inside, he hit a button, his head tilting to the side a little as .
“Okay, I have peppermint tea and crackers, what else do I need?” Steve asked, looking a little panicked as he sat down on Bucky’s other side.
“f you want to talk to him, you can talk to him through the microphone on the computer, it’s fairly easy to figure out, the application is on the desktop. For now, you can go in though, say hello. I’m sure Bucky’s eager to meet you,” Ms. Carr said, watching as the two of them got their first good look at each other, pleased with how things were going. Reaching over, she pressed the blue button that unlocked Bucky’s room, holding the door open so that he could step inside.
“I don’t…!” Stane flexed his fingers on the sides of the ring, fighting every urge to throw it across the room. “I don’t know, I just found this out. You have to be patient with me.”
“That’s pineapple, and if you like it, we can try to make sure you have some with your meals,” Pepper said, making a quick note of Bucky’s preference in her book along with everything she’d written down after talking to the others. “Is there anything else that stood out to you?”
“It’s happening again…Steve! Oh fuck, it’s closer! It’s a lot closer!” Bucky gritted his teeth, softly screaming through them as his hand tightened on Steve, his knuckles turning white. “It’s so much worse…oh god, I can’t do this…”
“Oh really?” Steve laughed, wishing he could stop blushing, but he’d never had a third party watch him have sex before. Hell, he’d also never  slept with another man before, today was a day of lots of firsts. “I think I like the sound of those plans, Bucky what do you th-“
Steve didn’t hesitate, he opened his other arm, drawing Tony into the hug, pulling him against himself and Bucky. He felt the last of his own resolve slipping as he felt Tony’s lips press against his cheek as the older man held them close. In that moment, nothing could possibly work it’s way between them, they were three as one. It was as Tony had dreamed, and as Bucky and Steve didn’t realize they could have.
“I did, yeah, he was…he was really happy,” Steve said, tightening his arm around Bucky, glad that he seemed happy sleeping with his head on Steve with one arm draped over him. “He stayed in there until the sun went down, I figured I’d let him have as much time as he wanted.”
“I never really thought about…” Natasha let out a long breath, reaching up to touch a piece of hair brushing against her cheek. She’d had the same hair for most of her life, she didn’t bother cutting it until it was nearly to her waist. Now she had the opportunity for something new, something bold, and she was going to take it. “Could you cut it to around my jaw line?”
“I’m good with that,” Bucky took a few deep breaths, trying to clear his head enough to walk to the bed right.
“Just relax, okay? Relax and trust Tony and you’ll be just fine,” Bucky piped up, wanting to help as much as he could as Steve continued to thrust into him. “If I can do it, you can do it.”
“My father…I don’t know, he died a long time ago. Before he put Bucky in a cell,” Tony sighed, letting go of Steve to go take Bucky’s hand. “How is he? What’s going on?”
“I’d figure out something,” Steve nodded, trying to keep emotion from seeping into his facial expression. He didn’t want Bucky to know he had any reason to hesitate in his decision.
“Natasha’s pretty happy here, I think, I am too,” Bucky winced again, hating everything he had to say. Tony spoke so eloquently, with such a warm and inviting voice, and he basically mumbled most of the time. “I’d like to see more of you, I mean, I want to get to know you too.” Nice, much better.
“Sarah Rogers,” Steve said, hoping his mother would be easy to find, and that people hadn’t given her a hard time because he happened to win.
As Bucky’s song continued, he sang about their meeting, the attacks, and the drama leading up to their wedding. He sang about the year they’ve had since, their talks of adoption, their rule over the Iron Kingdom, and the love they shared along the way. By the time his last note trailed off, Bucky looked down at his husbands expecting to see their neutral expressions. What he hadn’t been prepared for was the tears streaming down their cheeks.
“Sure, we’ll find you a place, we can deal with that,” Tony said, very sure of himself and pleased that Pepper would be proud of his progress with Bucky and Steve. He was getting them comfortable; he was setting them up with what they wanted, now he just had to date them. If only he wasn’t so damn nervous about it.
“Mr. Rogers,” Stepping out of the door was a tall woman in her fifties, her hair and clothing impeccable and screaming business. In her hands was a Stark tablet, her hand dancing over the surface for a moment before closing it, offering Steve her hand and a smile. “My name is Rebecca Carr, head of human resources here at Stark Industries.”
“Do you know how I felt that day? When that weird fucking asshole drugged me and I woke up with one arm?” Bucky asked as he brought his eyes up to meet Steve’s, not realizing he was frowning.
“Are you sure taking that job was a good idea? I mean, the motorcycle is really, really cool, and the raise is nice, but if you’re not happy, it’s not worth it,” Peggy shook her head, genuinely concerned for her husband.
That morning when he’d ended his marriage with Peggy, he never imagined pledging himself to another person, not for a good long time. Though to do it right now felt like his only option, he wasn’t going to make Bucky suffer any more than he already had. If that meant sleeping on the couch in the other room to give Bucky some sense of peace, he was going to do it. He was going to do everything he could to make Bucky’s existence better, he didn’t care what he was going to have to give up to do just that.
“Yeah, it won’t be hard to find anyone here,” Tony said as he kicked off his shoes and removed his jacket, draping it over a chair before he got in bed beside Bucky, pulling him into a hug, and kissing his forehead. “You okay with being cuddled for a bit?”
Rolling his eyes and shaking his head, Steve turned back to the table, loading up his plate and pouring himself a cup of coffee as well. He’d heard of coffee before, and he was pretty sure this was it going by the description he was given. Sniffing it carefully, he blew across the dark surface of the liquid before bringing it to his lips for a tentative sip. Eyes going wide, he took a more substantial drink next, feeling like his whole body was warming from within. He liked coffee.
“No kidding,” Bucky rolled his eyes, going over to the door to get his dressing gown, not really feeling like standing around in his underwear. “Who is he?”
“Would you? Oh gods, thank you,” Steve exhaled, leaning against the side of the fireplace, relief washing over him. Now this could just be about his feelings and what he wanted, he didn’t have to worry about his mother any more.
“Yeah, we can go tell him when we go upstairs. I’m sure Tony’s going to take it okay,” Steve said, moving closer to put an arm around him, pulling him close to kiss his temple. They hadn’t really talked about this, and he felt like maybe they should have, at least so Bucky wouldn’t have to wonder what his boyfriends thought about him having a baby.
“My Uncle has been trying to kill you, just the same as he’s been trying to set me up with Victor Von Doom,” the rage in Tony’s tone shook his voice to the core, his dark eyes shining with anger in the light of the flame. “He’s betrayed my trust, he’s fleeced my people with his fake high taxes, and he tried to make me marry that…Fury filled me in on who Von Doom really is. He’s a tyrant that oppresses his people into lives of slavery and torture. He’s a monster, and he was ready do to that to the Iron Kingdom.”
“You WERE best friends,” Natasha stood up taller, hand on her hip. “Then you took his arm and abandoned him.”
“Just for me? That’s not what we agreed on,” Bucky pointed out, but he couldn’t help developing a smile big enough to make his cheeks ache. He didn’t know what Tony had planned, but he couldn’t help but be excited for something special for him. “Is it for the goats?”
“Only a few, and I still want to kick him,” Bucky chuckled, his nervousness around the lottery eased for the moment. “I swear to the gods, if I ever see St-“
“Then why did you make me think that?” Bucky was fighting a losing battle against himself as tears began to rise in his eyes, the lump in his throat getting bigger. “Why did you leave me when I needed you most? Why did you…?”
“You’re our Bucky, and we love our Bucky just as he is,” Steve added, not about to let Bucky talk about himself that way. “You were always gorgeous naked, and I don’t think that’s changed. I know you’re sure of yourself that you look a certain way, but the two of us are sure of ourselves too, and we both think you’re going to look just as good, if not better than we do.”
“I’m sure we can think of something we can fairly trade for it,” Tony handed the bar of steel to his Uncle so he could get a good look at it. “Do you use our iron to make it? I have to know.”
“Ronin,” grinned Stane, his teeth bared and shining in the light from the ring. “His name is Ronin.”
“Yes, Sire?” Pepper asked as she came closer, leaning in just in case what Tony had to say needed to be quiet.
“This is a room you’re really going to like,” Tony said as he let go of Steve’s arm, opening the door and gesturing for him to come in. “I hope so, anyway.”
“Obviously…what exactly happened, can you go over that for me?” Tony queried, rubbing his temples with his thumb and index finger.
“I remember my father’s rule, I wasn’t that young,” grumbled Tony as he picked up one of his tools, fidgeting with it in his hand. He remembered a lot about his father; mainly that he was relatively loved and admired by the public, and that there had been no major wars under his rule. King Roger was still regarded highly among the older population, while King Anthony wasn’t so adored.
“That is a truly gorgeous sight…” Tony wished he could paint this, he wanted to remember it forever. Watching Steve grip hard onto Bucky and pull him back into each thrust was intoxicating, and the perfect view as he got his dick sucked. “I love watching you two. I can’t wait to fuck your both myself, but right now…I’m where I want to be.”
“I’m okay with it, just a bit nervous,” Steve’s hips slowed, though they didn’t stop, his heart skipping a beat in his chest as he watched Tony scoop some of the white stuff on his fingers. “Bucky says it doesn’t hurt, and for how much he loves it, I’m going to believe him.”
“You’re going to be my husband, Buck, just like we’d always planned,” Steve laughed, delighted to see Bucky so happy. It had been a long time since he’d heard that tone in his voice, he’d thought it was long lost. “Only we will also be royalty, which we hadn’t planned. Tony, how’s this going to work? Will we be…also Kings?”
“I’m basically looking after someone, it’s not that…it’s…” Steve pursed his lips, taking a few deep breaths as he struggled with his morals versus his sense of logic. He didn’t know what to do, he had gone in this deciding to do one thing, but now he was drawn to telling Sam the truth. He just didn’t want either of them to die for it.
“Back in Dawson City, for now anyway because of the police investigation. I told you Dr. Marner still wants to look after him, and we’ve brought him to the hospital once now, he’s not a secret any more,” Tony was relieved of that, though he was still sure that Bucky would want to remain low key. “I know this is where Bucky wants to be, it’s remote, he loves it here. We will have to occasionally return to civilization, or I will for work, you two can stay where you want. We will need to renovate the house to put in more bedrooms for the twins, maybe that can get taken care of when we have to go to the mansion next.”
“I got it,” it was Tony’s turn to undo Steve’s clothing next, then tending to his own. “You two want to do our gift exchange right away? I’m kind of excited, sorry.”
“We were watching the house, but we were too late to save the man downstairs, and we’re very sorry for that,” Fury said as he accompanied them to the main floor where there were a few dead guards lying on the floor close to Namor, who was staring blankly at the ceiling.
“Good sir, would you do us the honours?” Tony asked the priest, who was seated off to the side and in shock by everything that had just happened. “We don’t need a long ceremony or anything, but if I could be married to these two, that would be great.”
“I’m not talking to you,” Bucky replied sharply, looking at the neatly pinned sleeve where his left arm should be. It was nice to not have to knot the sleeve and cut it off himself.
“Is he the one that you hired as your personal guard? How’s that going?” Tony asked, having not looked into that to make sure it happened. He trusted Pepper could make it happen easier than he could.
“Bucky, my Bucky, I gladly pledge my life to you,” Tony said, tears in his eyes as he slipped the finger onto Bucky’s hand, bringing it up to his lips to press a kiss to his knuckles. “You are so beautiful, and I know you don’t always believe it, but you are. You are one of the gentlest people I’ve ever met. You and Steve are exactly who I need in my life, you’re perfect together, and you fit with me even better. It’s like those little machines I make, they only run right with every piece in place. And now I can finally be the person I’m meant to be because I have you both. I love you both so much.”
“It’s happening again…” Bucky whimpered before he could get in the chair, holding onto Tony tightly as he struggled to breathe through it, holding his bucket up closer to his face in case he had to use it.
“Tons. We got pictures of them being weighted and cleaned up,” Steve said, sitting up with pride and a smile. “I’ve already sent pictures to Sam and Peggy, they send their congratulations and they can’t believe how cute they are.”
“It sounds a lot easier than it feels,” Steve began to rub his back again as Tony came out of the house carrying one brown and one grey car seat, running over to the liftgate to put them in along with the bag before turning to Bucky. “Are you okay?”
The first thing that Steve noticed about this elevator was that there were no buttons, and that it opened on both sides. There was what he recognized as a barcode reader, next to a round pad that glowed red, and underneath what he guessed was a camera of sorts. Opening his mouth to ask how they were supposed to get anywhere, he looked up to see another camera pointing down at them. That was definitely a security camera.
“I’m so sorry, sire,” Pepper approached him slowly, going to place a hand on his arm as she made it to his side. “This funeral, is there anything I can do to make it easier on you?”
“Excellent, I look forward to hearing from you. Bucky, take care,” Dr. Marner said with a smile, ending the conversation on her end as Tony turned back towards his partners.
“I love you more than anything, and when I thought I was going to lose you in that attic, I wanted to die alongside you,” said Steve when he could finally find the words to express what was going on in his head. “I love you and Tony, I can’t live without you.”
“…if Tony’s doing it, I should do it too,” Bucky said, not sounding as sure of himself as he meant to, swallowing hard the more he thought about it. “I mean…could you go with me?”
“It’s fine, I’m not going to be upset because you’re taking care of yourself. We were doing this anyway,” Steve reached over, taking Tony’s hand and giving it a squeeze. “We’ll just get to find out sooner, hopefully.”
“Hello, boys,” Natasha said as she appeared from the shadows in her light nightgown, wrapping an arm around Ronin’s neck and pointing a blade into it with her other hand. “Want to drop that sword?”
“I don’t…oh god, Steve, it’s not stopping…” Bucky whimpered, his back feeling like someone had buried an axe in it, not sure if he wanted something to support it, or if he wanted Steve to keep carrying him the way he was. “Oh god, help me, please…”
“I have things to do in my workshop. Tell them to send more coffee to me in an hour, I’ll be busy until then,” Tony said, turning to wander out, though he paused at the door to turn back. “I want this lottery, everything about it, to bring joy. I don’t even want the people who lose to be sad. This is about hope, this is about bringing me closer to them and vice versa.”
“Let me guess, the others picked blue,” Bucky said, trying not to move much as more hair rained down on his shoulder.
“There are lots of them to look at,” Steve said, starting the car and looking at Tony with concern in his eyes before he pulled out of the spot and started on their route to the house. He was more used to city driving, but he was looking forward to long empty roads that hopefully didn’t have very many moose on them. “This is the first time I’ve been to Canada, this place is gorgeous.”
“Really quick, sorry, but Bucky doesn’t have a left hand, so I’d like mine on my right like his,” Tony pointed out, knowing it was rude to interrupt the priest, but he couldn’t have exactly explained this beforehand.
Bucky ignored Ms. Carr, though there was anger in his expression now as he shot a group of undead Nazis. He didn’t look up as Steve stepped from the room.
Not long after she’d crossed through the door, two men in grey stepped through and stood at both sides holding heavy pikes. After him came two men with horns, blasting a short call before they moved to the sides with their instruments at their sides. As the echoes of the notes left the air, a large man wearing silver armour along with a forest green cape stepped forward into the room. Not breaking his stride, he walked up to Tony’s throne, stopping just in front of the steps up to it.
“I’ve been thinking the same thing myself,” Steve looked over at Tony, extending his other hand out above Bucky.
“Let’s just do this first,” Tony sat up, gripping the arms of his throne, looking down at Pepper. “Please just tell me, you can’t make me feel worse than I do.”
“We’d be going there as royalty and you’d just want to play the whole time,” laughed Bucky, setting his empty glass down, curling up comfortably as he always did. “I think it’ll be fun, though you know Natasha and Mom will want to come too.”
“After two, and no, I’m not tired,” Tony pointed over at the coffee machine which was still half full, an empty mug sitting not far away. “So can I ask why you’re in here? Because you don’t come in here. You text or send someone in here to get me, or you just wait until you see me.”
“See, I’ve noticed that,” Tony said, turning to look at Steve, trying to smile and ease his anxiety. “This is your home now, though, I don’t want you to be afraid to ask for anything you need.”
“No, I’d have said something, it’s just me,” Clint folded his arms over his chest, wondering if he could ask for a glass of water or something. It might be bad taste, though. “I kind of have two personas. There’s the one that works with others, what Natasha is familiar with, and there’s this one. If there’s anyone else here, I didn’t bring them.”
“Basically,” Tony admitted, figuring there was no need to hold back now. “But it worked out a lot better than I thought it would, I’ll admit. I didn’t know who I was going to end up with but…you two have to be the best candidates out there.”
Standing up, he finished his wine, leaving the cup behind him as he headed to his study. He had more potent alcohol there, and behind that door, he could be truly alone to plot. He was a smart man, he didn’t get caught when he poisoned King Roger, and he wasn’t about to be discovered now. Not when he was so close.
“You’re definitely not being stupid,” Steve said, looking up at the screen again, the reality of the situation burrowing deeper into his brain. “I’m scared too, Bucky, I don’t want anything bad to happen to you. I’m sorry this puts you at such risk.”
“Of course…” his chest aching more and more as Tony spoke, Stane slowly got back into the chair, placing his trembling hands on the table. Tony had really thought this through, and he was going to have to find the weaknesses in it fast. “Have you told anyone else?”
“No, we’re not doing that,” said Tony as he raised a hand to stop Stane mid-sentence, shaking his head. “We’re going to stop executing people for everything. You know what, we’re going to stop doing it at all.”
Finishing his drink, he reached over and picked it up with one hand as he fished out a small key from his breast pocket. Sliding it into the tiny lock, it opened with a barely audible click, the lid swinging open to reveal something even the wizard Strange didn’t have in his possession. It was an iridescent glass ring the size of a dinner plate with tiny cracks running all over it’s surface. As Stane lifted it from it’s case and put his hands on either side, it began to glow from within, letting out a low humming noise.
“Why would you do that?” Bucky sat up more, his plate almost sliding out of his lap as he stared at her with wide eyes. “Tasha, you’re wanted, you shouldn’t be going near guards or…you can’t stand on stage if you win, you’ll be recognized.”
“…thanks, Sarah,” Bucky nodded, his lips pursed as he looked down at the ground in front of him. “I appreciate it, but I still…I can’t pretend I’m not upset still.”
“We’ll never know, will we?” sighed Steve, hating whenever his past health was brought up. It was so long ago, and he barely got ill now, so he preferred to not think about that night or the sacrifice made for him.
“Maybe the King can make him happy though, maybe he can bring a smile to his face and he’d be the Bucky I know again,” Steve hoped that could be the case, that it wasn’t too late to save Bucky from himself.
“It’s fine, really, I’m pretty much packed,” Dr. Marner said, waving off his concerns with a smile. She still felt bad for telling Howard where they were, and while they didn’t blame her, she still felt it was up to her to make sure Bucky was alright.
“She’s…she’s really pink,” Bucky said, looking her over in awe, pushing back her little hat to look at her thin blonde hair. “She’s beautiful, she’s really…” Emotion was hitting him hard, though this time his tears were from bing happier than he’d ever been in his entire life. “I get to be her father…”
“I think I’ll go with black too,” Natasha grinned, picturing the two of them decked out and looking dramatic. “I’d like to compliment my friend.”
“If it gets too tight, you can just marry someone random,” Pepper shrugged, though she didn’t know who to suggest off the top of her head.
“Don’t leave us, Tony, not for anything, okay? Even coffee,” Steve said, sterner than he meant to, but he didn’t want to be alone again. “I’m sorry, I’m not trying to tell you what to do. If you need to go for a walk, that’s fine with me.”
“What about your mom?” Bucky knew exactly what Steve was thinking about, he knew him well enough, even with a few years of silence between them.
“You say that every time,” Tony pointed out, looking over at Bucky, reaching for his can of almonds again. Something about Bucky being pregnant made him hungry, something about a sympathetic pregnancy. Hopefully he wouldn’t gain as much weight this time around.
“I don’t think anyone would want to deal with that fallout, I’m well aware in my court who would put their names forward,” Tony’s voice was dark, hating to admit that the Kingdom needed him to stay alive and in power. He hated feeling that important. “Someone would be smarter to take a move now, when all they have to do is marry me to win it. There are a lot of people that could have paid for an assassin for their own chance.”
“My patience with you is growing thin,” Von Doom seethed, his eyes practically burning with anger. “I want the Iron Kingdom, I want to strip it down like I did Latveria, and I want all the money and resources in my hands.”
It took Tony an alarmingly long amount of time to figure out The Captain was talking to him. “Ahh-what?” he asked eloquently. Since when was he a part of this meeting?
“Please, I only bribe people with class,” Tony said with a wave of his hand. “No, I prefer to use technological warfare.”
“Steve,” Tony returned in exasperation. He reached up and grabbed Steve’s face between his hands. “Look at me. I’m still here.” He placed a lasting kiss on Steve’s lips. “I wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for you.”
The terror in her eyes was mirrored in Steve as they looked back at Tony. His hands were thrust into the air, eyes burning like fire, screaming at the top of his lungs.
The jet pulled up alongside Stark Industries, and Steve could only look in horror at the huge hole in the side of the once sleek building. His eyes immediately scanned the skies, the ground, and the building, searching for the familiar streak of red and gold. But there was no suit; Tony wasn’t there. Which could only mean he was still inside. Steve glanced back down at the city below, his mind formulating a quick plan.
Tony sighed, standing up on tired legs. “We are, Obie. We just finished that huge deal with the military!”
The Captain crossed his arms defensively, but kept his face neutral. “Tony, come on. No one would have bought your plan.”
“It’s alright, it’s been a big day for you,” Steve responded, kissing his forehead gently. For the first time, it did nothing to help slow his racing thoughts. “Come on, let’s get out of here before anyone realizes you’re still in the building.”
Loki hummed. “I see. Just like they’ve gone after Stark?" Hearing Tony's voice sent shivers down his spine, their last argument still fresh in the forefront in his mind. He could barely think of little else these days. "Tell me, Captain, why don’t you just ask Anthony for help? If it’s information you seek, I’m sure he’d be more than willing.” The chilling smile Loki sent Steve his way was enough to prove that Loki knew what had happened already between them.
Tony shook his head, wiggling his fingers on his right hand as evidence. Yinsen nodded, patting his hand before leaning back against his chair.
Stark waved a hand. "Happy's clinging to life; your crew will live to see another day. For now."  Stark stood up, idly walking around the room, still blatantly ignoring the many guns pointed his direction. He stopped in front of Sam Wilson, glaring down at the younger man.
Clint shook his head, leaning his head back down to Phil’s. Phil was stammering. Phil was crying. Phil doesn’t do that.
The man sighed, looking up towards the ceiling. Tony smiled to himself, enjoying both the man’s frustration and the pale skin that adorned his neck. If he thought Tony was just going to roll over without his security team, he was even more stupid than Tony thought.
Tony gasped for breath as he squeezed his head. He glanced up to look at his tired and crazed eyes at the mirror adorning the far wall. Tony took one last deep breath before making up his mind.
The woman nodded, talking into her radio, requesting aid. It wasn’t long before agents were dropping down around them. They pushed Bucky away, hands tracking over Steve’s body. He tried to fight back –
“I said he wasn’t coming, I didn’t say he wasn’t helping.” Bucky reached into his pocket and pulled out some folded photographs. “You said Steve’s been here all week?”
Sam got up, stalking over to Hill with his arms crossed. “You know something. Something you didn’t tell us.”
He tears his gaze away from the closed door and right onto the bearded face of a man he’d once known.
Steve leaned in, pressed his lips against Tony’s temple, tickling his cheek with Steve’s light brown beard. Bruce Banner had stayed a faithful friend to Tony until the very end. Steve knew he could trust him to do so again.
It was as if Peggy was finally seeing him for the first time. Not Captain America, not the Steve from her memories, but Steve Rogers as he sat before her now. A look of profound understanding and sadness filled her features.
High Commander Rogers left the People's United Country of the Americas in a better state than he found it, that much he was sure of. Open elections would be held in a month for local representatives and after those, a complete ruling government would be established.
“Ok guys, I’m sorry but I’m going to need you to head back to your homes. We have unexpected visitors from out of town.”
“So much time wasted…” Steve mused. Then in a completely 180, “Let’s get you to the bathroom ok? Then after we can have breakfast.”
“I already said all that remember? And there weren’t even any walls up yet. Now come on, we spent the whole day at the bottom of the Hudson river, I want to get some sleep.”
Ribs wrapped, hands soothed and an ice-pack on an ankle, Steve finally sits down to eat. Over a bowl of pasta, he tells Tony about Peggy’s betrayal, about his company… about the rage. He’s calm enough to enjoy Tony’s shocked outrage on his behalf, soothed enough to bathe in Tony’s understanding.
Tony had managed to use the iron resources from melting all their commercial gun stock to win construction contracts left and right, effectively defying the odds while owning more of his own company. In a week stock went back up, in a month when SI Construction was kicked into gear (thanks to the acquisition of several small construction companies) with contracts all over the US, stock was as high as ever.
“Doesn’t matter. We promised her we wouldn’t try to hunt down Thor when she told us she was pregnant and that’s a promise I’m keeping. Besides, who knows where the hell he is.”
“It’ll be good for both of them.” Whispered Steve as his arms wrapped around Tony like an anaconda wrapped around prey.
They all stared at the girl, now on her knees again before turning to Tony who looked both flabbergasted and uncomfortable. From his spot, Steve Stark chuckled.
It brought to mind the last thing he’d done to Bucky, back when he’d been trying to get information out of him about the Resistance. He remembered Barnes’ anguished eyes as Steve shot his Resistance buddies dead one by one in front of him. ‘Yes’ Thought Steve ‘Let that gullible idiot in the ice deal with him in his own time.’
She pushed away but kept her hands on his forearms. The High Commander noticed then that she wasn’t wearing any shoes and she followed his gaze down to her naked feet with a mischievous grin.
“How else are you going to ‘do it with me’ Steve? You’ve said it before, you’re not Captain America anymore so now you can be someone else. Think about it.”
Steve whispered, his voice low and sweet. Tony’s reply came in the form of a leg rolled more firmly on top of Steve’s meaty thigh.
“How wonderful to see you all!” She greeted, her voice melodic against the contrast of indecipherable party chatter.
From his spot, Steve was becoming annoyed. They behaved as if he’d performed monstrous miracles and yet this had been nothing. He’d just let off a little steam and they were acting as if he was Thanos himself. He was High Commander Rogers for Christ’s sakes. He’d conquered territories, commanded troops of a million soldiers, had killed, murdered and ruled with an iron fist. He was the Great High Commander Rogers and yet these people were shocked because he barely flexed his muscles. Seeing the weak, pathetic bunch they all were, Steve was glad to have taken care of the red book himself.
“Tony we argued yesterday! You wanted to go check on the Jersey reactor power plant but I wanted you to stay and rest, remember?”
He’d been surprised to find the Red Notebook codes for the Winter Soldier on one of the men he killed. He might have recognized the man had he stayed to look, but Steve had been so pleasantly surprised to see the book that he’d grabbed it without a second glance. He’d had time while waiting for pick-up, a few miles from the burning Hydra base, to read through it and memorize the code words. The same code words which caused so much trouble in 2016, but which would have come so in handy in 2056. Steve memorized the words, committed them to his permanent photographic memory, and then took tremendous pleasure in watching the red book burn in a makeshift fire pit before his very eyes until it was nothing but ashes.
“Like hell it isn’t! Something happened where you came from that turned me into you and I want to know what it was!”
Once upon a time, the Commander’s thoughts about Tony had been predominantly controlled by longing and guilt. He spent decades thinking about what a second chance would feel like, about what he would do if he ever got to see Tony’s beloved face again. Now he no longer wondered, no longer longed. He could reach out, just as he was doing now, to touch the ruler of his mind with nothing but air in between them.
The Avengers without mutiny, aliens, killer robots or magic felt almost like a police force, except more prestigious. They were usually deployed on peace keeping missions or to protect refugees or civilians. As such by mid-2016 Steve was trying to convince Tony that they should place themselves on the Avengers relief roster.
It hit him again the first time he had to speak to Congress about why the Avengers were an asset to planet Earth.
The look of pure surprise and joy that lit up Tony’s whole face ignited a warmth inside Steve. It felt like retribution, glowed like forgiveness in its strength. ‘I can do this.’ He thought. ‘I can make things right.’
“Well we’re thankful for having you. Say, where DID you receive your training? I’ve seen you spar with Natasha and you can definitely hold your own.”
Jarvis was endlessly proud of his boy, that much was clear and Steve was happy with how comfortable the butler had grown in his presence.
Steve nodded his surrender and Tony turned to the mirror to go about his daily task of trying to shave with a prison razor. Tony didn’t understand why the sound of Steve peeing surprised him, but it did, perhaps because he hadn’t been in the bathroom while someone relieved their bladder since… well since he’d dated Steve really. It just wasn’t a habit he’d ever encouraged. All his relationships were always more formal, all his one-night stands always more customary. Natasha once told him he was the only person she’d ever met who kept such a distinct line between personal and professional. He’d taken it as a compliment until she following with “… and you’re always professional unless you’re with people you’ve known since before you grew armpit hair.”
“We don’t mean to intrude, we can grab something to eat on our way back.” Suggests Bruce but Tony is quick to dismiss it.
So a beachside cottage was chosen and Tony was all the happier for it. Sure they had to keep an eye out for hurricanes every year, but the house had been built to withstand anything nature could throw at it so he didn’t worry. In fact, his favorite thing to do during a hurricane was to sit in front of their hurricane-proof glass windows on the living room couch, tucked into Steve’s side. There was something beautiful about the fury of nature right outside their home, comfortable in the knowledge that Steve would always keep him safe.
Overall a new age was dawning on the People's United Country of the Americas, and the common people were excited to have a new leader in place who appeared to have them at the forefront. High Commander Rogers was proud of his accomplishments and felt pleased at the people’s reaction to his cutthroat approach. He was, he believed, the people’s Champion and he wished Tony Stark would have lived long enough to see it.
Tony must have been in shock but he masked it well enough with a full smile. What must he be thinking? Steve wondered, shaking the hand of this young version of his husband wearing khakis and a dress shirt.
“No. The best thing you can do for him is store him with Howard. In a few decades and with better technology we might be able to do something for him but not right now. Have you talked to him?”
In fact… if he really thought about it, Steve rarely fought him over anything. He was always quick to offer a compromise and when that wasn’t possible, he’d turn himself backwards to avoid fighting with Tony. There was a deep-rooted fear in Steve that involved them fighting, but why would ‘High Commander Rogers,’ once leader of a freaking government be afraid of arguing with his own husband?
The truth of it was that Steve had given up on being happy. He’d known from the moment he walked away from the love of his life at seventeen that he would never again feel an ounce of happiness. It’d proven true along these long twenty years of his shitty life. With death on his mind Steve sped down the dark town streets, he ran two red lights, hoping against all odds he’d get rammed by a truck. Unfortunately the town was low on trucks or even cars this late in the night, so he made due with a road that was too dark to see and which turned out to be an old, rusting bridge.
The thought of it brought a smile to her face, her memories going back to the time she accidentally caused a massive power-failure at the tower and all Tony did was laugh when she confessed to it. Her Savior was indeed the nicest, gentlest, most forgiving person in the world and in his grace, he could come to forgive her impertinence.
“But you’re not just being nosy. You want to find out more about your Mom and your biological Dad right?”
Stephen’s voice sounds sincere but it’s the warmth of his arms around him that causes tears to sting Tony’s eyes.
But someone had harmed Tony. A doctor they’d both trusted had harmed them both with his shoddy knowledge and misdiagnosis. He’d told them it wasn’t a tumour, told them it was nothing to worry about. Dr. Blake had taken precious treatment months away from them and how was he paying for it? By galivanting around New York city like a fucking gigolo with his sleazy charm and steroid pumped body.
The other man’s got a broken leg, jaw and arm but nothing Johann’s docs can’t patch up. Two hundred and fifty pounds of muscle reduced to a fucking seal on the floor.
“You were just in the closet Steve, that’s fine. I mean I was in the closet for the longest time, although can it still be considered a closet if you’re bi? Or are you just partly in the closet at that point? And who the hell came up with a closet to begin with? Why couldn’t it be under a bed or a drawer or something? It is it exclusive to furniture?...”
On day zero, Tony left SI at seven twenty-three in the evening. He walked out the building’s main doors and turned a corner, heading to the bakery one block over after having spent the whole day craving cheesecake. It was raining and Tony held a tall umbrella over his head as he walked, thankful for the cool evening air on his skin. He spent too much time indoors and only realized it in moments like this when he was surprised by the sensation of wind on his face. Just as he waited for the lights to turn the strangest series of events happened. A hand, warm and steady touched his back, Tony turned his head to see who it might be and then felt a piercing pain as a short syringe penetrated his neck, all in the cover of Tony’s large black umbrella. Tony went limb in Steve’s arms within seconds, allowing the light to turn green and the few passerby’s to walk them by. No one looked, but if they had they wouldn’t have seen anything suspicious, just a guy kissing his boyfriend underneath an umbrella. They wouldn’t have thought the man in the suit was unconscious, or that he was being held up by Steve’s strong arms around his waist. Taking hold of the umbrella, Steve used considerable strength to walk them both over to his parked car just a few feet away.
Now? Tony was beginning to see through the façade of the daily routine. He was beginning to notice how much Steve’s behaviour depended on Tony’s reactions, on his moods, on his needs. If Tony felt like an omelette that morning, Steve made them both omelettes, no questions, no suggestions, no “Well, I feel like having pancakes today.”
There’d been a car crash, the right place at the wrong time. Tony hadn’t even been involved, he’d just pulled the unconscious guy out of the car and had gotten hurt doing so, no biggie. But boy, did it freak the ever living soul out of his husband. Steve watched Tony like a hawk, watched him as he watched movies, as he kept Steve company in the kitchen, as he fidgeted with his Stark pad, as he tried to shower. Every night Steve guided Tony’s head onto his shoulder and every night Tony fell asleep to the feeling of fingers running through his hair.
Steve took hold of Tony’s right hand, ran his index finger up the length of the arm and back down, feeling Tony relax under his touch. It’d be different now, with them back in New York, with Pepper and Rhodey under the same roof. Renovating the SI New York branch had been a necessity, turning it into the first ever vibrantium Arc Reactor powered building was visionary. If everything went well it would become the first ever real alternate source of clean power on the planet.
Steve knew how to handle depressed Tony well enough. He was clingy and needy and quiet but skin to skin contact went the furthest. During their three days of complete solitude Steve stuck to a pattern, he dressed Tony in just boxers and took him out to lay down under a sun umbrella by the ocean waves. He’d settle Tony on top of his naked chest, press his ear to Steve’s heart and tell Tony stories about what New York was like when he was growing up.
Pride overtook Vision’s eyes as he thought about his family, for although his Wanda was long gone, he saw a little of her in their children and grandchildren. Vision had gone to great lengths to secure his family’s well being. He’d kept them safe throughout the tremulous years after the attempted invasion and the violent years that saw the Supreme Leader rise to power. Now for the first time in a long time, he felt hopeful about the future his grandchildren would know.
“Because I don’t want to hurt him Harley! It’s obvious that thinking about the past hurts him a lot and I don’t want to go making my Daddy cry just because I’m nosy!”
Vivi’s grin is pure sin and Tony feels himself blushing scarlet at the unsaid subtext. Stephen’s response is a salacious grin of his own, and he in turn makes a show of clinking his glass with hers in symbol of their draw.
Tony shakes the half empty milk carton in his hand. There’s enough left for a smoothie and coffee but there won’t be any left for tomorrow.
He could see Steve’s smile even in the dark because of his teeth, his perfect white teeth that seemed to shimmer in the dark. He wanted to punch those perfect teeth.
In an instant Steve had Tony spun around to face him but the movement proved too much for the towel wrapped around Tony’s waist, it fell to the ground in an unceremonious heap.
She hates him. Of this he’s sure, but he enjoys her tightly controlled anger. Peggy is due back in two days, after which he’ll be able to relax a bit more. She’s always been better at dealing with the everyday staff annoyances than him, so he usually leaves it up to her. She’s been away working on closing a deal in Norway, it’s going to be their biggest one yet and he can’t wait to get his hands on the paperwork. While Peggy may be the charm of this operation, Steve is the shark.
All successful invasions required a special mixture of both impressive shows of power to subdue the population and acts of unbridled kindness to earn their compliance. If he’d been able to do it with full territories before, he could certainly do it with Tony Stark, Steve reasoned. In this case, a full scale invasion was crucial in order to guarantee longevity in their relationship. Last thing Steve wanted was to become a fling, or a ‘first love’… oh no, he wanted a lifetime and a lifetime he would get.
He knew those eyes so well, he still drew them in every corner of his mind. He remembered the way those brown eyes would look at Steve, so tender, so trusting. He remembered those eyes peeking out from a blanket in the morning still half asleep. He remembered kissing those eyelids, his eyebrows, cheeks, remembered his lips. Remembered those lips mouthing ‘I love you’ against his again and again, everything he would never have.
“I can see why you’d think that honey, really I can. But don’t worry everything will make sense little by little.”
Smiling, Steve looked up from the cutting board to meet Eliza’s bright green eyes. She was wearing a lovely red summer dress today and he could tell that she’s chosen the conservative style in Tony’s honour. Eliza had grown into an utterly stunning young woman and with Natasha’s guidance, the girl was proving to be just as skilled as the Black Widow.
Steve grows used to the sound of cracked porcelain (they switch to metal and plastic), used to the midday naps (they make Tony even sweeter than he thought possible), used to the bouts of dizziness.
So far Steve’s presence had managed to keep Tony away from the epic drug-fueled parties he’d been known for in the original universe. Not because Tony hadn’t wanted to go, but because Steve always managed to find something ‘We just have to try’ that same weekend and Tony didn’t have the heart to say no. And oh, how they had fun together. With Tony’s lack of inhibitions and Steve’s willingness to do anything to please him, they managed to get into their own brand of trouble as they drove all over Massachusetts exploring.
“Steve I’m not even going to be leaving the base. I’ll be with Rhodey and a base-full of Marines the whole time.”
Tony Stark had thrived in the grey area that was politics and human nature, Steve Rogers did not. So with time, Steve Rogers became Commander Rogers and the line between enemy and ally blended enough that there was no longer any clear difference between SHIELD and Hydra, Anarchist and Patriot. Morals, ideals and human nature took to a blender of blood and violence until all that was left was High Commander Rogers, the people’s hero. The man who overthrew governments, imposed order and ruled with an iron first.
Not even bothering to wait for permission, Tony soon had the girl out of the carrier. She didn’t complain, settling in Tony’s arms as naturally as she settled into her own parents’.
‘What does it matter? That universe is dead now, but we’re not, we’re both here.’ Tony thought. Steve had done things he wasn’t proud of to survive and probably so had the Tony Stark of that universe. The only reason he’d been spared all that was because Steve had always been here to muffle every hit that life threw his way. So what now? Was he going to dissect his husband’s psyche some more? Did he really want to pin Steve to a board and poke at his brain until he knew things he didn’t actually want to know?
Sixty-three years had passed since the death of the great Tony Stark at the hands of the titan Thanos. He’d died saving the world he so loved and High Commander Rogers didn’t want a day to pass without the people recognising that Tony Stark had been a hero. The people needed a hero after all, and with Stark Industries being the only large corporation left in the conquered world, they needed to believe in it as much as Tony had.
“Haiti” Tony repeats and shares a look of with Bruce that without a word, recounts the months Jane spent trying to get a hold of Thor after finding out she was pregnant. Loki comes back with a clean chair then, settles it close to his brother and takes a seat with obvious relief.
Her radiant smile and shy demeanour twisted his heart in the usual way, but he soon realized what she wanted to do by the way her slim hands clenched and unclenched.
The anger overwhelmed the good Captain. He’d expected hostility but never this degree of rage. How much did Steve Stark hate his own past?
They were in Tony’s office (both their office’s really since they shared the space), Steve over at his corner, Tony furiously typing something on a completely flat keyboard.
Tony sighed, his eyes closed again and just like that he was back asleep. What could happen, Steve wondered, if the Tony Stark lying in his arms right now made it unscathed into adulthood? How much would the world change with this Tony ready to change it?
There’s no ‘what happened?’ no ‘get home now,’ no demand for an immediate explanation… just understanding. Just love. Because that’s who Tony is. That’s how amazing his Tony is.
The second opinion comes in the form of Dr. Bruce Banner, who with the help of a local Neurosurgeon, spots what no one else has discovered before.
Steve takes the gold coloured envelope being held out to him. It’s open so he just has to slide his fingers inside (like he slid them inside Dr. Blake’s chest cavity) and pull out the paper. He first notes how exquisite the print is, how delicate and smooth.
Steve smiled at Tony, his gaze soft and smile shy before suddenly turning fully to his side to face the brunette.
Tony raised an eyebrow in disbelief and Steve had to reluctantly agree that not even he fully believed that statement.
Steve can’t help himself, he throws his head back and laughs. The exertion sends a shockwave of pain from Steve’s cracked rib but the sound of it relaxes Tony’s brow.
‘What is obsession? Is it like infatuation? Does it work the same way?’ Tony had never been a philosophical person by nature, he liked tangible facts, numbers, secrets but during the past week the word kept making its way through his mind. It got in there by accident, no, it got in there because of a couple of teenagers.
“Of course.” Says Natasha and looking at her now Tony might even bet $5 that they really will come visit. Maybe...
Tony’s entire demeanour changed the moment Howard Stark entered the bustling kitchen. Tony’s confident babble went silent and he became an observer as Howard asked Steve how the day had gone and if he’d gotten along well with Tony. Content with Steve’s answer, Howard then went on to question Tony on a variety of projects and deadlines that had to be met, quickly obliterating the boy’s very spirit in mere seconds.
So Tony talked. He retold everything from the moment he was captured, told him how Yinsen had to dig bullets out of his him with no anaesthesia, told him about the waterboarding and how he managed to build a new power source. It was strange but the more Tony talked the lighter he felt, the more he got out the easier he could breathe. Steve watched as Tony transformed before his very eyes into what would soon become Iron Man.
Weeks pass, yet the realization that Dr. Blake may have been wrong is slow coming. Not because they don’t see it, live with it, adapt to it everyday… but rather because the thought that something might actually be wrong is too great to accept. It’s not until Tony (casually) mentions it one day while eating dinner, that Steve allows himself to think about it.
Thor looks torn, his heart and mind fighting an internal battle that is clearly visible on his face. Only Siggy’s voice cuts loud and clear though the battle.
In one afternoon Steve learned all about Tony’s projects in MIT, learned he was already working on one of his PHD’s, learned about his robots and about his best friend Rhodey. Tony was a living breathing firecracker and Steve marveled at him. Then as afternoon turned into the early evening Tony learned something brand new about Tony, just how strained his relationship with Howard really was.
“What are you planning to do about Steve?” Stephen asks after Tony’s done telling him all about the afternoon’s grand event.
The hours pass slowly. He drinks for most of it but paces himself well… he’s no rookie after all. He’s been street fighting since he was fifteen. The training for it is what kick-started his growth spurt, what got his muscles to fill out… what kept food on the table when his Ma got sick.
They choose the name of Dr. Evelyn Baker and go a little overboard with it. “The more realistic it is the more likely he will accept the invite.” Siggy explains as she dictates the Facebook profile to Harley.
“Yes, he agreed to keep him in one of his ‘secret’ storage bunkers. But I still think he’d be safer with SHIELD”
For a moment the girl appeared to be in conflict but she obeyed the High Commander. Once on her feet, her gaze still downcast Steve waved Tony closer until he stood beside Steve.
“Now remember what I told y’all, if any of you so much as touches anything, you’ll be spending the rest of your days doing household for Dr. Strange, understood?”
Like when Tony forgot all about their dinner reservation and left Steve standing alone outside the restaurant. Steve had not exactly been angry at that, he’d been annoyed, certainly but he knew how Tony got when he was in the middle of an Engineering binge so he wasn’t actually angry. Time and war had limited the things that could actually anger Steve Rogers but he saw it as an important teaching opportunity. Like when he cut off the supply routes from Georgia to Minnesota during wintertime because he found out Minnesota was aligning with the Resistance. Several thousand died as a result, but Minnesota eventually aligned with the Regime and everything went smoothly afterwards.
Since there was amusement in Steve’s smile, Tony wasn’t sure if he was getting teased since, but then he remembered that his husband wasn’t a joker. The relentless banter he shared with Rhodey, Bruce or even Pepper had never been a thing that he and Steve did. Steve was serious man, he recognized humour and loved to laugh, but he just wasn’t one for banter.
Steve sounded worried. The only times Steve ever sounded worried was when Tony wasn’t feeling well. Steve hadn’t even been ‘distressed’ when the earthquake hit, but god-forbid Tony hadn’t slept all night because THAT was a cause for real concern.
“You really should. Going at it alone isn’t as scary as it sounds. I mean yeah, it’s a challenge but it’s not as scary when you’re right in the middle of it.” Yeah, just another Thursday night PTA meeting, Tony thinks.
There’s a whole lot of questions Tony wants to ask Vivi about this little surprise with the most prominent being, ‘why?’ but experience has taught him that there’s no prying anything out of the woman when she has that gleam in her eyes. Regardless he doesn’t have to wonder long because in seconds, they’ve reached Stephen’s floor. The hallways are all sleek looking and polished, exactly the kind of place Tony would have liked to live in once upon a time. The kids stick uncharacteristically close to their parents, their eyes taking in the clean lines and scented halls with weary admiration.
A rush of warmth surged through Tony, electrifying and addictive. In just one phrase Steve managed to give rest to the surging demons, because who in the world would be willing to put up with all this crap for Tony’s sake?
“Look Steve, I know you’re in a bad place right now but why don’t I save us a lot of bullshit and give you the answer to the question you’re dancing around? I’m sorry things didn’t work out with Peggy, but we are not getting back together. I barely survived you the first time around and I have no intention of putting myself through that again, especially when I have a kid to think about now.”
Even now Tony enjoyed a good drink. He liked the expensive stuff, the good whiskey, the fancy wines but he only ever drank at home with Steve. They’d settle on the couch, a glass of the good stuff in their hands and just talk. Eventually the drink would get Tony tipsy which made him very affectionate, he’d drape himself over Steve, kiss his neck, his shoulders, his lips until finally Tony got horny enough that they had to move to the bedroom.
And Tony really did know this. It’d been proven time and time again over the span of twenty years to the point Tony was sure Steve had unresolved trauma around sex. Nevertheless when Tony bit Steve’s lower lip, he had nothing but the need to claim in mind. He pushed, shoved and kissed Steve until they could focus on nothing but the feel of one another.
“And how did you find out about her Loki?” As far as Tony knows Loki hadn’t even been in the States while Jane was pregnant. Jane told Thor’s parents, in fact that’s where she got the signed contract that specified they wouldn’t pursue any contact with Jane or her baby, but she’d never told Loki.
With a groan of exhaustion or perhaps exasperation Pepper left the comfort of Steve’s warmth to kiss his bearded cheek goodnight. She then walked over to Tony with a look that made the genius straighten up in expectation, but Pepper merely kissed his cheek too.
Tony hopes at least some of the terrors return to their caves for lunch time, but he may have to make a pyramid of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches just in case they don’t.
Tony’s lips feel warm and alive. His mouth is soft and moist and everything Steve wants in this world. His arms are strong enough to hold onto Steve, yet faulty because sometimes they do unclench despite their owner’s will.
The Avengers were officially formed in the spring of 2014 by special request from the United Nations.
Steve was a master reflector. Someone could ask him if the sky was blue and he would answer that it was the same shade it had always been, and wasn’t that rock on the ground nice?
“I did not. I just found out…” Thor’s gaze focuses on the dusty hardwood floor, tears threatening to escape his red-tinted (sun damaged) hazel eyes. “I don’t even know where she is buried.” Thor whispers. Steve places a hand on Thor’s knee in support, inhaling as if getting ready to say something before losing it all in a single exhale at what follows.
Despite Steve’s original reservations, sculpting is the relief he’s always sought but never found. He loves the way his hands slide across the clay, moulding it into anything he wants. The texture of it can be almost as slippery as the blood he never got to touch (he couldn’t risk leaving a fingerprint), and the smooth give of his blade sinking into the clay is even more satisfying than the real thing.
“Go get your phone baby, so you can swap numbers.” He whispers to her, his hand reaching to stroke her cheek. She nods and walks to the living room where her phone is surely hiding.
“Oh come on, don’t I get a free pass on my birthday?” Tony finally asks as his laughter dies down. A smirk is the only tell he gets from the surgeon and it’s enough for Tony to walk forward and throw his arms around the slightly taller man.
Day zero, as Steve referred to it in his head, started out as usual for Tony. He got up when his phone alarm rang, he showered, dressed and headed down to SI for a full day of work. Pepper was working him to the bone before his Sabbatical, it’d taken him a while to decide but eventually his friends’ constant nagging won and Tony decided to take a one year break to invent crazy things without having to worry about the company. Tony went about his normal business at work, he attended meetings and touched base with Peter.
The seedy looking bar has been around since the second world war, and it looks it. The air is both stale and permeated in cigarette smoke, the lights are low, the floors sticky and the walls look downright dusty. Nothing’s changed… right down to the heavily scarred man that’s watching his every move.
Half an hour later, Steve had cleared the room and had Tony back in the car. It was now nine thirty and they were right on schedule. It would take them eight hours to get to the cabin and Steve was planning on driving all night, after all, the quicker they got there the more likely their trail would go cold. Unbeknown to Steve, the timing for the deed couldn’t have been better. The month prior, Tony Stark had received an anonymous threat from an extremist group known as Hydra who wanted SI to resume their weapons manufacturing division. Pepper and Scott Lang, the head of security, had notified the NYPD and it’d be this lead which would wash out Steve’s trail for months to come. At present time however, Steve was being cautious and upon reaching New Hampshire they switched cars. The plates from the car he’d driven in New York were duplicate plates from an unsuspecting car owner in New York. The plates on the car he picked up in New Hampshire however, were his. He felt relieved to be back in his own car, with his fella still asleep beside him. Slowly, Steve was beginning to feel more and more like himself. Not quite like the good old Steve of his youth, but certainly more alive than he’d felt in over a decade.
Two days later, it’s Christmas and they spend the day pretending not to worry while never straying further than an inch from each other. Instead of words they exchange kisses and warm caresses. Time alone means time to think, so emptiness becomes the enemy. They drag each other everywhere, talk to each other constantly, watch anything and listen to everything. They are beneath each other’s skin more than ever before, and it never truly stops even after Dr. Blake calls on December the 27
If Tony was feeling tired, they spent the evening cuddling on the couch. If Tony was cranky, Steve spent the day trying to get him to laugh, if he was depressed, or horny or anxious Steve committed himself to trying to make Tony feel better by any means necessary.
He doesn’t tell her that he was in what he thought of as a marriage for almost a decade. He doesn’t tell her about his childhood friends or the apartment he once had in Brooklyn. He doesn’t tell her about Steve Rogers or his family or anything from his past. Siggy however is smart enough to figure some things out on her own. The rest she figures out with Harley’s help.
Where Commander was quick, efficient and ruthless, Iron Man was strategy, speed and numbers. They made an unmatchable team, so much so that Cap soon enough stopped trying to stick Falcon in with them on the air. Both worked together seamlessly, watched each other’s backs and when Iron Man called out for an amended plan, Commander executed without argument. This last part drove Cap nuts.
Steve tried to breathe but somehow he couldn’t draw in air. They looked at each other, transfixed until Tony’s lips broke into a full sincere smile and they stepped into each other. Steve ran his fingers over stubbly skin of Tony’s cheek and wondered, how could a monster like him be the best of part of anybody, let alone Tony Stark? The only possible explanation was that Tony was so in love he couldn’t see what Steve really was, and that was completely alright by him.
“They’re going there anyway, no need for us to make a special trip just for samples babe. Plus, Brucie is already working on something that’s time sensitive, I don’t want to bother him with that.”
This time was no exception. He awoke, gasping like a dying fish with the half-bunt face of a dead man in his vision. He took in the ceiling above him, white and smooth until he felt an arm flop carelessly across his chest. He felt Tony’s warm body draping closer, felt Tony’s unburnt face press against his neck. Felt the weight of his body enveloping Steve’s and the rhythm of his breaths luring the Commander’s back to normal. Tony wasn’t awake, this he knew without even checking. After so many decades of this, Tony’s subconscious simply knew what to do when Steve was in distress.
The words seem to sink in slowly and it occurs to Tony that Bruce might be having a hard time reconciling the Steve they thought they knew with this new, ‘family’ obsessed man who dumped his partner of nine years to pursue 2.5 kids, a wife and a white picket fence.
“Look, I promise that for the thirteenth we can do something really low key, I’ll be old by then anyway so I’ll probably want to get to bed on time.”
“Actually, turns out you did! Remember a few years ago when you allowed the government to suck your blood for science? Well Bruce was one of the scientists who examined it and he realized gamma radiation wasn’t the key at all so he moved on.”
Tony was all apologies when he finally made it home, he’d rushed to the restaurant first and after seeing the staff cleaning up for closing time, he’d rushed home. A million “So sorry” were said, a few “Baby, please forgive me” but Steve knew what could hit Tony like nothing else.
The florescent street lights, typically so unforgiving to the human form cast a beautiful glow on Steve’s face. He’s looking at Tony with such longing, such love that for an instant Tony wants to kiss that look right off his face. Maybe years ago Tony would have done just that. Maybe if Steve had shown up at his doorstep five years ago, Tony would have allowed him back into his heart, into his life, into his bed.
And that was just the tip of the issues iceberg. The other reason was that Steve simply did not like to share. They were a team of two and regardless of the world around them, Steve always had Tony’s undivided attention. A child would mean Tony’s attention would no longer be sorely on Steve and the genius didn’t think that would go over well. So Tony surrendered that dream without a fight and instead turned his energy on little Alaska Rhodes with her bright blue eyes and gummy smile.
Tony stepped out of the curtain less tub shower and into the awaiting fluffy towel Steve help up for him, his eyes looking into Steve’s the whole time. Desire, Steve desired him that much was clear but he never acted upon that desire. His affections never went further than sweet kisses to his face and what could only be described as aggressive cuddling. Perhaps that too was a weakness Tony could exploit.
Tony kissed him, wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck and pulled him in the way he knew Steve liked. Eventually he gave in, despite his instincts Steve gave in to the plan.
Alive with ideas, excited at all the possibilities coming to his reach, Steve reached out to grasp Howard’s shoulder. He schooled his features and modulated his voice into the old ‘Captain America believes in you’ way and looked right into the man’s dark brown eyes.
‘Cause I’m a nobody, a good for nothing High School dropout who Tony wouldn’t spare a glance at anymore. Twenty years ago I had a chance. We were both young, Tony had no prospects but now? He’s as high up in the sky and as out of reach as this fucking ad.’
Arlen smiles but the big sparkly crystal tiara that is precariously balanced on top of her head begins tilting to one side. She’s quick to fix it, one hand going to smooth out her princess dress while the other keeps the tiara in place. While Siggy has never been a girly girl, Arlen takes prisoners and converts them into tea party servants without impunity. As they’ve grown older Siggy and Harley have gradually become more independent from Tony, but Arlen has gone the opposite direction. Vivi thinks it’s because she’s holding on to abandonment issues. Tony honestly couldn’t care less, he’s just happy to still have a baby who needs him. And need him she does, from bringing him into her games to sticking as close to him as she can get away with, Arlen has become his shadow.
Tony realized then that while he was indeed naked, Steve wasn’t, which was obviously both a tremendous relief and a complete disappointment.
A bump here, a dropped mug there. But two weeks later it becomes dropped plates, glasses… hand cream.
They spend their first night in in a Knoxville hotel room because it’s late and Tony figures they both need a proper night’s sleep. The next morning, one bottle of formula and a proper breakfast later, they’re back in the car, heading straight to their new home.
The sound of soft steps on hardwood forced Steve to focus on the touch he knew was coming. Sure enough, a pair of strong arms wrapped around his waist from behind. Steve felt the definition of those arms with his hands, felt the strength of the muscles beneath the soft skin. Tony was filling out nicely in his twentieth year, muscles lifting plains of smooth skin that had been previously occupied with tender fat. It was to be expected, between all the engineering work he did, the improvement in his diet thanks to Steve’s efforts and their shared exercise routines.
“Hey, sweetheart you listen to me. No one’s coming after me and Johann would never try to get me back in. Besides, you know I have connections.”
Steve lifted his head off Tony’s shoulder, his blue eyes bearing red and huge into Tony’s calm brown irises.
“Text us when you get to the tower.” Steve’s order was met with a prompt verbal reply, followed by Eliza’s customary head dip to Steve. It’d taken Tony a while to understand why Eliza never once touched her Commander, but he now understood that it was simply a protocol so engrained in her military training that she dared not go against it.
Steve could in all honesty say he had no idea why an entire room full of high ranking SHIELD officers (including a very young looking Nick Fury) sat staring at him as if Rocket the Racoon had just walked in.
He’d been helping reorganize some of the Queens shelter’s supplies along with a few dozen volunteers when he’d heard that golden bit of conversation. He’d sighed, rolled his eyes, thought about the intellectual downslide modern teenagers were descending into and out of boredom started to wonder about the word ‘obsession.’ Which got him thinking…
“He’ll regret it Tony. Maybe not tomorrow but one of these days he’s going to realize how much he fucked up.”
Unlike in a regular invasion however, Steve also had sex at his disposal. The first five months of their relationship were the most erotic in Steve’s long miserable life and incredibly enough, most of the time it wasn’t even Steve who initiated it. Some mornings Steve would wake up balls deep in Tony’s mouth without even knowing when the genius had started, other days, Tony would simply ambush him on the couch prepped and naked already. Most days they had sex at least once a day… everyday. Tony’s libido, his need for touch and reassurance were greater than Steve could have thought possible and suddenly he understood why the original Tony Stark had had such difficulties settling down. For who other than Steve, would know how to handle a Tony with tears in his eyes from how frustrated he was at not being able to figure out that one equation that would solve the glitch in that software he was creating? Who other than Steve would know how to draw him into his lap, run his hands over his back, stroke his hair and then when he finally felt better, would lay him down on the couch and make him forget his own name?
What even Natasha didn’t know however, was what Eliza had personally told him, that Barnes and Cap had gotten into a fight over Steve’s new direction. Cap had always been an ardent supporter of allowing the Avengers to self-manage and be autonomous of any country or organization, however recently he’d had a change of heart and now supported upholding the powers of the council to oversee the Avengers. This change had created a chasm between the two friends, only made worse by Eliza’s ever growing hold on her life-partner.
“I hope someday I can show you the rest of the house. I’m not much of a decorator but I chose everything with you in mind so I think you’ll like it. Someday we might even take a walk out in the woods, they’re so beautiful Tony and I own several acres so we can just, wander around.”
Tony’s old man had been almost as bad as Steve’s. It’s one of the many things they share in common so it’s not surprising to hear it.
“My Uncle Stephen also goes to Nepal every few years with Doctors Without Borders. He operates on a lot of people there.”
They laughed and teased and reminisced but Tony was always glad when they left and it was just him and Steve again. Tony liked when Steve stopped acting the part of the all-around perfect, all-American guy and became his again. When Steve went back to giving Tony his undivided attention for as long as Tony wanted it, when Steve sat down in the couch of Tony’s newly built lab/garage just so he could be in the same vicinity as the genius, when Steve’s whole existence revolved around what Tony wanted to eat, or what he might want to watch or if Tony was feeling like taking a walk today. When they could spend all day together in bed naked, touching each other, kissing, grinding, making love, where Steve could worship every spot of Tony’s skin with his hands and tongue and eyes.
“Tell you what Tony, I’ll go make breakfast, you go put some clothes on and we’ll talk about it over coffee”
Over the course of his long lifetime Steve had come to have a special understanding of the role that human error played in war and politics. In fact, the range of human stupidity never ceased to amaze him. He again felt this same wonder when Peggy Carter herself called to inform him that they’d found Bucky Barnes alive.
He smothers the thought quickly. Big birthday celebrations had once upon a time been a tradition for him. Some had been organized by Steve, others by his friends, but the birthday that suddenly stands out the most is the first one he spent in this house with Sigrid. When he made pancakes instead of cake and laughed while watching the joy in Siggy’s face as she stuffed the pillow-like treats into her tiny mouth.
Steve was at the facility gym, blowing off some steam when the question was asked. Steve stopped, steadied the punching bag and pulled back.
Gently, Steve took off Tony’s clothes and pushed the tailored suit and brand name dress shirt inside a garbage bag. Next he injected Tony again, this time in his left arm with another stronger dose of the sedative before lifting him in his arms and moving him to the bathroom. In the bathroom Steve took his time bathing Tony, he’d bought a special terrycloth towel and shampoo for the occasion. He was careful to wash him thoroughly while still keeping his own wandering hands mostly at bay. Steve allowed himself to stroke Tony’s torso and legs but he kept his touch purely clinical when it came to his groin and butt. One day, Tony would beg for his touch, just like he used to when they were young, but until then Steve would be a gentleman. After securing Tony in the bathtub using a towel for his back, Steve foamed Tony’s chin and ran a new razor through Tony’s signature Balbo beard, shaving it right off. Next he took out the dark blonde hair dye he’d bought and quickly started to apply it to Tony’s hair. While he waited for the dye to take, Steve left Tony in the warm water while he finished shaving off what remained of his full beard. He’d cut it a bit to do the deed but had kept some facial hair just in case he was seen or caught on a security camera. Now though, with Tony here he could cut it all off and let his natural blonde hair grow back out. A few minutes later the dye had set and Steve rinsed Tony off completely. Once Tony was dry, dressed and lying on the bed, Steve quickly relieved himself and went on to wash out the tub with bleach and wipe out the bathroom using special wipes to destroy any prints.
With a heart full of love, Tony kisses the girl’s forehead. “It’s ok, I’ll be all right my liege. Go with your Mamma ok?” He whispers low enough so only she can hear. Brown eyes open and focus on his. ‘Are you sure you don’t need me?’ they seem to say and Tony smiles tenderly down at his little shield. “I’m ok” he reassures her. He helps her to her feet until she finally takes hold of her mother’s hand. But Arlen stalls a little, looking directly at the couch sitting Siggy’s biological dad and the other blonde guy, she sticks her tongue out, high and far, at the two occupants.
Thor, who has continued to stare at Sigrid with a mixture of pure amazement and utter disbelief, finally focuses on Tony.
Steve had never met Maria Stark before now, had barely seen pictures of the woman. Now he sat across the dining table from her having breakfast while Howard rushed off to work. She was graceful and gracious, reminded him of the old-style movie starlets in the elegant way she moved and spoke. She wore her blonde hair up in an elaborate style and smelled of expensive perfume. He thought back to his own mother, a woman of strength and hard work who’d smelled of washing soap and who’d moved with the quickness and sharpness of the poor.
For a moment, Tony considers asking what the ‘everything’ is exactly, but he doesn’t want to draw this out. He knows what Steve means because he still remembers exactly what he yelled at Steve when they broke up.
Tony rolled his eyes, his shaggy brown hair falling over his temple. Some days Steve could hardly believe how young Tony looked. Between the plumpness of his face, the smoothness of his skin and the glow of every cell…he looked like Tony and yet… not.
Steve enjoyed the hunger in Tony’s eyes, the way brown eyes took in every bit of exposed skin, every muscle underneath. He loved how bold Tony was about touching him in public, how shameless he could be about burying those soft, spotted hands into Steve’s blonde hair and yanking him down into a filthy kiss. He delighted about how little Tony seemed to care these days about anything other than them and their little world.
It had scared him once too, but he’d been very young back then. Now the Commander could see the roadmap of what would be Steve Roger’s life just by looking at him. He could see how their deaths would all wear on him, how scared he would be of being alone. It would be a useful fear for Eliza to exploit in the long run. She might be able to get away with more than they thought as long as she played on that fear.
As if Steve had not made the ultimate sacrifice for his childhood friend who had now given him the boot.
The labs of Stark Industries would’ve made Tony proud. They were well stocked with all the modern amenities and so far they’d done wonders in both disease treatment and weapon innovation. Yet the beauty of the glass compound was eclipsed by the glory of the twenty-foot sculpture of Iron Man that stood in front of it. It was right beneath this sculpture that a familiar face greeted the High Commander as he stepped out of the car.
Had Steve Rogers, eventually, and over a long period of time, come to be obsessed with the dead Tony Stark? Steve himself once confessed that he hadn’t known he was in love with his dimension Tony until many years had passed. So, that obviously had to prove that Steve was not OBSESSED with him. He was over-protective, yes, but he was honestly quite the pushover. Steve was kind, and sweet, and always put Tony’s needs before his own, he always listened to both sides of an argument and they rarely disagreed with each other. Even Natasha agreed that they had a disgustingly wonderful marriage, and Laura Barton once told her husband “See Clint, that’s exactly how you end a difference in opinion.”
Steve kept Tony close to his side the entire walk to what Tony now realized was his own private bathroom. Once there, Steve opened the door and stood guard by the doorframe as usual while Tony used the facilities. Finally Tony understood why the bathroom was so bare, why the only thing in there was a safety razor, his toothbrush, toothpaste and soaps. Steve’s personal bathroom which was probably full of sharp, potentially hazardous things was kept away from Tony’s interested hands. Today Tony went through the daily bathroom ritual without complaint. He stripped and showered without being told to and didn’t scream for Steve to go away, he was being good, establishing trust and all that crap. For his part Steve seemed pleased, as if finally seeing Tony play by his rules brought him unspeakable joy.
During Tony’s moments of lucidity when the medications (for he was sure there were many hidden in hid food and drink) wore out a little, he’d try to figure out how long he’d been in that room for. He’d think of the number of times Steve had helped him change his clothes, or how many times he’d seen daylight since arriving, but no matter how hard he tried he just couldn’t make sense of it. Time had stopped having meaning, there were simply meal times and bathroom times and dressing times. The times in between were readings times, hours and hours of listening to Steve read any book of modern and past literature. Tony couldn’t always follow along but eventually the sound of Steve’s voice became more important than the story.
They looked at each other with equally besotted smiles until Tony broke the moment by moving both hands to firmly squeeze Steve’s butt cheeks, yanking a laugh out of the man. Minutes later they untangled from the soft embrace to put on their shoes and together, they left the comfort of their home for the warm ocean breeze.
“My Uncle Stephen is a neurosurgeon and he just finished his shift at the hospital so he should be here any minute with the food.” Siggy informs them.
“I’m so sorry Steve.” And Tony truly is sorry. The sincerity behind the words is true, the shock in his face is real. Steve gives him a sad little smile in return. “You should try surrogacy. I’ve heard great things about it from couples.” The advice slips out mindlessly, as if it’s another Thursday night PTA meeting.
Happiness is not straightforward, that much Tony has always known. What he never realized is that it is also ever changing. Once upon a time, happiness meant Steve. It was days spent together in their apartment, the sound of his voice, the pleasure of his touch, the intimacy of their shared life. Nowadays, happiness is shrieks of laughter, sticky hands and the look on Siggy’s face every time she looks at her Daddy. Tony’s whole world is now wrapped around meal times and play times and doing little jobs around the house. It’s naptimes and squeezing in work and more meals and shower-time and finally bedtime. He’s so incredibly busy and so utterly engulfed in it all, that when Siggy proudly interrupts his work to announce that “I’m almost FIVE Daddy!” Tony is so shaken that he is unable to continue typing a single more line of code.
Tony listens as the door opens, voices are heard and the tell-tell sign of plastic crinkling starts getting closer. A moment later, two kids and one adult enter the kitchen beside the living room carrying bags of take-out, bags which soon cover the kitchen island and make it hard so see the man who brought them in.
It’s nearly 9pm on a Thursday in what must be the coldest September on record in New York City, so Steve is understandably confused by the greeting.
It doesn’t take long for the last of the living room lights to be turned off, for the doors to be locked and a glass set on the kitchen counter. They make their way up the stairs together and in the darkness of the living room, a plaque reading JANE FOSTER gleams with a stray light.
Relief washed through Tony. He took in air as if whatever fears had temporarily overcome him had been exorcised.
Everyone is given a chance to recover when Vivi appears holding a tray of glasses and a pitcher of icy water. She settles the offerings on the coffee table along with a few cans of soda.
