in meticulous detail. Truth be told I barely understand half of what he's saying, but I do understand that it's utterly brilliant. Just the sheer amount of information he keeps in his mind for that one tune is staggering. It sounds very scientific when he speaks about it; all these mathematical calculations he makes in his head while he's playing. And yet it
I do my very best not to give William the glance that would give me away. I can feel him watching me, though, from the middle of the floor.
Sherlock has never felt as powerful as now, knowing that he is able to put a look like that on John’s face.
Again, here in the end notes I will put links to songs relating to the chapter. If you prefer to read while listening to music, you can always go to these notes first and find the song before reading! For this chapter, listen to
John strokes his palm over Sherlock's smooth cheek, the contour of his cheekbone beautiful against the morning light from the window. “Hello Sherlock”, he says in a barely audible voice.
Sherlock was silently crying, tears continuously spilling out of his eyes to blend with the sweat from his fever. Martha watched him, not knowing what to say, or perhaps knowing that there was nothing to be said.
Sherlock broke eye contact. My hollow chest ached to be filled with a story; with something true, something beautiful, something free. I not only wanted, I
When they get to the village, it turns out that even the case is dull. Sherlock lashes out left and right; he is blunt to clients, disrespectful to police officers, terrifying to suspects and rude to John. John cleans up his mess as usual, grumbling and brilliant, and they are finished by nightfall.
He lives, remaining still when I shout that I hate him, I hate him, I hate him more deeply than I have ever hated anything or anyone, and my voice was so frighteningly hollow when it was that loud, and I couldn't breathe, I couldn't
They bump their hips together and pretend they aren't unreasonably having fun at a boring supermarket.
But then he looked down. And although the distance was too far for me to see his face, I could sense his gaze on me. I felt it, soft and tender. When Moriarty couldn't see his face, there was the hint of a smile around his eyes. Something warm that contrasted with the coldness of the night, the lights, and the man behind him.
It made the men from the outside feel special, belonging to the group that understands things that these underworld people don't. They called Holmes' girls and boys his Diamond Dogs.
Sherlock flies up from the couch in a flurry of blue silk and stalks across the room. John wonders if he’s coming to interrogate John about the sock until he confesses – but he stops instead before the hearth, yanking the knife out of the wood and stabbing the offending sock onto the mantelpiece.
“No, nothing embarrassing. You just put your arm around me in your sleep. You haven't done that before.”
She sobs apologies and regret. The guy didn't mean anything, she's such a bad person who screws up good things in her life, and it's all very very sad for her. John tries to calm her down. He tries to sound anything but cold when he tells her to breathe. He tries to tell her it's fine, but he only gets to the
I chuckle quietly. And that's when I get to hear it for the first time; his laugh, blended with mine.
“I step back and take your hand. You follow me upstairs, but we have to stop several times to kiss. You’re starting to think you might not make it to our flat. But we get in and you tear off your shoes. You want to head into your bedroom, but I take you in my arms and kiss you again. I stroke your back, and then my hands dip lower.”
When they sleep he holds Sherlock closer than he has anyone else. The scent of his curls makes John think it will all be fine.
I turned my back, closed my eyes and willed my voice to be steady. But it didn't matter, because I couldn't remember a single word I'd written.
John has never regained his balance after that, and he's never wanted to. All he's ever wanted is to stay here with Sherlock; it's the only way he can see his life making any sense.
Sherlock doesn’t know what to say; he starts laughing. John joins in, bright and beautiful. He holds one hand behind Sherlock’s neck as Sherlock leans in against his collarbone again.
As soon as he had rid me of my trousers, he sat me down on the edge of the bed, straddling my thighs without bothering to remove his high boots. I rested my hands on top of his bare upper thighs, my head tipping back in pleasure when his groin came into contact with mine. He claimed my offered mouth, kissing me with single-minded determination, arms wrapped tightly around my shoulders to press me against his chest.
It was about becoming the king, to win adoration and fear where at the beginning there was confident arrogance. It was about owning Sherlock Holmes so completely that he would want to be owned, heedless of whether it was a God or a Devil ruling over him. Moriarty would be his saviour and his destructor all at once, freeing him from his darkness at the price of his soul.
Stamford's hidden smile became more smug, as if I had just told him a joke that was obvious only to him.
It's silent downstairs, and it's dark. I think I did hear him go into his bedroom. I think he's asleep in his bed and I just. Need to be there.
He walks in a wide circle around the fiddler in the middle. The self-consciousness that I can normally see in his stride is gone; although he's still just walking, he is
He turned back to me, and his voice became strangely harsh. “You have no idea what you're talking about, John.”
I'm vain to believe it, but I imagine that I can feel Holm William's eyes on me the whole time. For some reason I want to show him everything I can do. I want to prove that I'm a dancer worthy of his music.
Moriarty walked slowly through the room, examining the interior with disinterested attention. My body was stiff with adrenalin, it sharpened my senses and made me acutely aware of Moriarty's every movement. Sherlock cleared his throat, shifting on the bed and trying to make Moriarty turn to him instead. When Moriarty came closer to the table, Sherlock hurriedly spoke:
I could swear that he was looking at me, and that he was seeing things I had kept secret for my whole life.
He is thrown back to reality, unprepared and unfinished. Sherlock's mouth slips away from him just before he reaches it.
The forty-third year is spent in constant travel between the lodge, Rosie's house and the hospital. Their lungs are narrow with fear and coated with nausea, and everything is reduced into what is needed to survive.
The fourth year, John realises how very long it will take until life is actually over. He thinks he should at least pretend to still be alive. He decides to get married. It was what he wanted once, or thought he did. The jewellery box is heavy like a stone in his breast pocket and it is unexpectedly difficult to offer it to the woman sitting across from him.
Sherlock stopped hoping for something like that with John years ago. He imagined that if John ever changed his mind, it would be the result of Sherlock pursuing him in just the right way. Consciously proving to John again and again that he’d be a good partner; dressing for John; parading in front of John; flirting with John. He chose not to do that, for the sake of his own health. He chose to let it go, and he fully expected that to be the end of it.
Stamford cleared his throat and rose from his chair, making his way onto the stage with the script under his arm.
“I can see it in the way you look at my body. And the way you tap your forefinger in time with the beat in your head. I could list all the separate tells, but really, John, in the end it comes down to your mind screaming it.”
“No, I mean it. This is shit, the way they're treating you, the way we-” I stepped closer to him, trying to make him look at me. “We are good together, Sherlock. There's no reason why we shouldn't be allowed to be together. But Moriarty – he will just keep trying to force us apart.”
I had never managed it, but I hadn't stopped trying until the day I left the notebook behind for a gun.
I watched him when he crossed the floor. “Still, it matters. You- you're a human being, for Christ's sake.”
“One for gardening tools, obviously. One for toxic experiments. One for inherited furniture Mummy was too polite to refuse but that didn’t fit in anywhere. One for secret snogging with the boy next door.”
“No. Research in popular culture indicates that the first kiss with the object of one's affections is accompanied by a number of remarkable sensations.”
The sleeping house looks eerie in the half-dusk of a June night. All the furniture looks to be quietly waiting for something, and every colour is transformed into a greyish blue. I bring my candle with me, spreading the warm light in a small circle around us. I've grown up in this house and I know it like the back of my hand – still, in the earliest hours of a new day I feel unsure of what I will find when I turn a corner.
“The work is the most important thing to me. That's the way it is and always has been.” He dipped his head slightly, looking at me. His eyes didn't shy away, and they had both the colour and coldness of ice. “I will do
Their cheeks brush when they part. For a moment, John’s face is very close to Sherlock’s. Their eyes meet. John’s eyes flicker to Sherlock’s lips and up again; Sherlock panics and all but throws John out of his arms.
“I'm bored already John”, Sherlock announces when John doesn't even blink at his loud complaining. “Come here so we can start.”
The blue suit took a step forward into the room, the voice taking on a crooning quality: “I fear the pleasure will be entirely mine, darling.”
” I looked down at the man at my feet one last time. All I could manage was a harsh whisper. “But you will never know that, will you.”
John's eyes flicker to his mouth ever so briefly, and then back to his eyes. Sherlock stares back at him, not managing so much as a blink. And then John moves forward.
John closes his eyes when Sherlock's nose touches his. No one can ever take this from him. He wants there to be nothing else in the world than Sherlock's nose nuzzling his. Sherlock's hands stroke his back so softly, and it feels as though every muscle of his body gives out at the same time.
Next day is a haze. I only got two hours of sleep, and on top of that nothing's the same as it was a day ago. I want to dance polska with William forever. He has been my first, and I want him to be my last.
Just before I step out of the building, I find myself overwhelmed by the attention that will soon be focused upon me. I know I am secondary in this scene, of course; the child in my arms is the highest priority for everyone present. It's just that I, Sherlock Holmes, am holding her like a parent would. I, and no one else, am carrying her out into the world. When John lays eyes on me, he will see me holding a bundle in my arms in the unmistakable way that you only ever hold a baby. I feel unworthy and terrified; I feel honoured and desperately proud.
Mycroft tried to reason with me and then I walked away. I didn't even look back and I regret it so badly because his
It's a clear night. Cold; really cold. Enough for my breath to fog the darkness. Translucent white clouds from my mouth gather against the black-blue sky. The sharp light of the full moon turns the frost on the ground an eerie white.
It was raining all day. Nothing Christmassy about it, except for the few decorations Mrs Hudson has managed to sneak in. It was nice not to give it too much attention. It was nice just to spend the day with him, solving a crossword puzzle and ask him for help now and then, listening to his violin. To get to have a peaceful Christmas, without bottles all over the coffee table and painful phone calls I answered just so no one would worry enough to come over.
Then it is only a matter of buttoning his suit jacket when he stands up, striding over gracefully, taking John's phone from his hands as if it doesn't make his fingers tingle with electricity, and casually asking:
John leads him through their wedding waltz flawlessly, and the smile on Sherlock's face when John dips him, breaks his heart and mends it at the same time.
The words came hesitantly at first, but grew more certain with the reassuring sound of pattering keys.
John closes the door behind him and forces himself not to run up the stairs after Sherlock, instead bowing his head politely to Mrs Hudson. “Thanks, but I think we just need to go straight to bed. Don't even know when he slept last.”
I tried to find the old fighting spirit in me, fumbling for meaning in the life that came after living. My career was over, and I didn't have a single friend left in the great, vast city. Acquaintances from my university years seemed bleak and uninteresting after the shocking intimacy of the army, and the thought of them still walking the London streets made me feel even more lonely. The only thing left that had ever brought me true joy was poetry, the thing that had swarmed out of me in the times when I didn't have the luxury of sitting down to capture it properly.
At eight thirty, they are sitting in Mrs Hudson's flat. She is in the kitchen preparing drinks and sweets, when Sherlock gives John a kiss that's not entirely proper for their landlady's living room. “Don't force her to interrupt us twice in twenty minutes”, John murmurs while stroking Sherlock's thigh.
He's a guy who is and has always been unable to express his feelings, not in words, and not in displays of affection. And here he is, running around London hand in hand with his friend.
I don't think I sit still for a single moment during the week to come. I simply can't. There's this pressure building up inside me, made worse whenever I see William in my mind (which is all the time). My stomach flutters too much to allow a proper breath into my lungs.
He walks up the stairs towards the erratic music, wondering if it's an actual tune Sherlock is playing. The grocery bags cut into his fingers and his legs ache after having been on his feet all day. He opens the door, and stops dead.
?” His eyes narrowed. “What you're asking is that I work every night, only that I spend more time on the work that I don't actually care about.”
Just as long as I didn't have to stand alone at the foot of the castle, waiting while my beloved was betraying me with another man inside.
I shifted in the doorway to see Mary dancing across the floor, her song confident and vain. She was doing Sherlock's exact number, I recognised, the
John has been so strong and brave, taking care of Sherlock in the aftermath of everything he’s been through.
Stamford and I sang too, raising our arms as if to carry the production through the last explosive seconds.
At the very front, covering the head of the elephant, was a golden ornament with the large opening shaped as a heart. Inside, the walls of the chamber were red. There was an excess of heavy crimson curtains, drapes of golden fringes, paintings and exotic arts, musical instruments, candles, Persian carpets, crystal chandeliers; a heavy mix of romantic and erotic.
“Yes it is”, I said, holding his gaze. “It's not about the daring clothes or the- the sultry act, or even the performance, if that's what you think. I like you. I think- I think we could like each other.”
The Moulin Rouge kept spinning, spinning along with the windmill blades. Nothing could ever stop it. The music exploded in the main hall, fast drums and breathless brass, the dancers smiled and wiggled and the terrifying fall was forgotten.
Doubt and disbelief wrestle on his face. I swallow fruitlessly – my mouth has gone dry – and my hands are trembling. I thought I'd get through this just fine, but my voice is so choked I don't recognise it when I speak.
John's hips land against Sherlock's concave belly. Sherlock's shirt has come loose from his trousers and tangles between them. John hears Sherlock breathe unsteadily through his nose, trying to control his breath while lifting his hips to meet John's.
“I… have…” Sherlock coughed helplessly into my shoulder. Blood stained the white cotton of my shirt. “Consumption.” His voice was gravelly deep.
“I didn't know, I noticed. Your haircut, the way you hold yourself, says military, but you are of a medical type – so army doctor, obvious. You have just come home from the tropics, as your face is tanned, which is not the natural tint of your skin, as your wrists are fair.” He was speaking rapidly, barely pausing for breath. “You have undergone hardship and sickness, as your haggard face says clearly, not to mention the stiff way in which you hold your left arm. That is most likely when you also acquired your bad leg. However, when you stand, you support your weight evenly on both legs and your cane sits loosely in your hand, as if you've forgotten about your limp. Add to this the fact that you can be distracted enough to let go of your cane and dance flawlessly – the limp is psychosomatic. A psychosomatic limp says the original circumstances of the injury were traumatic. Wounded in action, then. English army doctor, wounded in action, suntan – Afghanistan or Burma.”
Now he caught me looking again, and he blushed under his safety goggles and stopped in the middle of a heartfelt
I wasn't sure if the anticipation and dread I saw in them were a part of the act or not. I moved my face closer until I could feel his breath as a quivering butterfly on my lips.
I let myself eye his chest even though I know he notices me doing it. I just want to see what he's like. I want to know the things I don't yet know about my friend – my best friend? It seems inadequate for this thing between the two of us, vibrating so much that it makes the June night shiver.
But John can't stand going upstairs silently on this day, hands twisted into an empty pillow case. And Sherlock played for him.
It was almost too easy for the young writer and the lead actor to invent perfectly legitimate reasons to spend time together.
“Don't worry, darling”, Moriarty said tonelessly, face blank and hands in his pockets. “I'm not going to touch you.”
I am certain that he heard me. He was crossing the courtyard behind the windmill. He walked steadily despite the rain pounding on his shoulders, despite his numb legs, despite being a dead man. He heard me, and all he did was blink slowly and force his body to keep moving away from me.
But when I watch William's transfixed gaze on my work, it almost feels as though I can. That perhaps
John shakes his head at the ceiling. Sherlock can see that his jaw is clenched hard. “None of those jerks realised what they had. What they had the chance of having.”
I was kissing him before I was entirely aware of what he was saying, and when my brain caught up, I screwed my eyes shut.
with AURORA (there are many wonderful versions of it, and this one isn't from the movie, but I adore it!). Here in the end notes of each chapter I will put songs that fit to the narrative, so if you want to listen while reading, you can always jump to these notes before you get started!
She has completely forgotten to complain by now. She is transfixed by the waltz, staring up at my face as if endlessly surprised by what she sees.
I duck my head to breathe into his shoulder. He sighs; I feel it happen within the circle of my arms. He lays his cheek against the side of my neck. I can hear the relief in his breath.
“What?” Moriarty interrupted. “Other ways to stage your precious little show? Other ways to make your darling Virgin into something more than a dirty whore?”
But Sherlock scoffs again. “Spending Christmas at the house of an unemployed, intermittent alcoholic who's invited her brother out of obligation and is likely to spend the whole 'celebration' nagging him to see how much he will take before it escalates into a row? I don't think so.”
My breathing was slightly irregular with the honesty of my words, and I tried to control it so he wouldn't know.
“Sherlock, dear.” I couldn't quite place the other voice, belonging to an older woman. “Are you reading your lines?”
I can't describe how it felt to hear those words in his voice. To see his lips move around them. And then he just went on:
Before Sherlock has a chance to react, John kisses him with parted lips, slipping his tongue inside. If he is going to do this, he will bloody well do it properly.
“I didn't even have a good time with the girl. She obviously doesn't like me either – I don't know why she opened the door for me.”
. There's no reason why he should want to, and Sherlock will probably think it's annoying to be hugged all the time. Sentiment and all that. Over and over, John decides to stop.
The tension between us was quite obvious from the start, to both of us. But I refused you and again, you took a step back, allowed me space, and stayed. You waited while I wasted time telling myself that if I gave an inch, you would be my downfall. You see, I learned early in my life about the disadvantages of caring. As a child I was unable to shield myself from the world around me; my every sense was constantly wide open, and I was seized with curiosity and love. The exposure to other children was of course a great disappointment, but as I did not love them, it did not teach me the lesson Mycroft rather desperately tried to explain to me. Perhaps his insistent preaching should have prepared me for the loss of my dog, but unfortunately it did not. The loss was overwhelming, and taught me not to love so recklessly. I spent the better part of my youth building a wall of ice around me, not to let myself be consumed by either the world or by my own heart.
I take a deep breath and hold it to let the icy air freeze my lungs for a second. As I let it out I watch the mist trickle up towards the stars.
When they first kissed just a few days ago, Sherlock didn’t imagine he would be ready for anything like this so soon. But he is glad that he wasn’t, because it prompted him to set up the rules – and now, instead of doing everything he wants to do, John fantasises about it.
When the closing credits have rolled and John switches the telly off, the flat is completely silent except for Sherlock's calm breathing. John allows himself to watch Sherlock for a little while, drawn to the peace of his features. There's not a single crease on his face, his lips are parted again, and his hair is a messy tangle that makes him look boyish.
Dancing with William is the same as talking with him, or feeling him laughing against my skin. It's the same as swimming with him, or sharing an otherworldly sunset. It's the same as kissing him. It's amazing how a simple waltz to a hummed tune can be like that.
Outside interference, Sherlock thinks, would be about the only thing that could break this repeating cycle of
John goes on about the flowers, and Sherlock notes with surprise that John is truly invested in this garden. Sherlock has seen no signs of John being a garden enthusiast during their thirty years together; but indeed, he talks about these flowers with passion and pride.
He speaks slowly: “I'm trying to understand how… how it's possible. To be the way you are. You're not like anyone else I've ever met.”
It is a shocked sort of arousal. Sherlock is amazed that it can feel so good; this morning he mostly felt tense and awkward, and did not expect things to take this wonderful turn. What was it that John said? About needing to process the first kiss so you can relax and enjoy it next time? John is an underestimated genius, clearly.
“You're in sparkling form.” Sherlock let the book land on the desk with a dull thud that made dust skitter across the tabletop.
“I know.” John drags his hand across his face. “Tell you the truth, I’m terrified. I feel as if no matter what I do, it might be the biggest mistake of my life.”
“I know this is a lot to ask. I know we can't get married, so my offer will hold little value, but there's nothing I want more than to spend my life with you. In whatever way we can. I love you, William. I hope you love me, and if you do… maybe you can agree
It's been… John doesn't even know how long it's been since they last wrestled together. They did it a lot when they were kids, but they stopped when it suddenly seemed weird. At some point John started feeling oddly unsure of what's normal and what isn't. And the fact that he even has to ask himself that question is a bit odd in itself.
“Twenty seconds to midnight in Praia”, he says breathlessly, and then he groans when John pushes back into him. John stills when he's as deep as he can go, watching Sherlock's face; the flush is high on his cheeks and his eyes are squeezed shut. Sherlock squirms until he realises John isn't going to move, and then he opens his eyes, obviously struggling to manage it. They look at each other, Sherlock's eyes unfathomably deep oceans of desire.
When I finally call John – one minute past eleven, so that he won't deduce that I waited until eleven sharp to call – I can feel tension draining from my shoulders and understand how anxious I have been for news. All is fine, John tells me. She did not suffer any discernible trauma in spite of the makeshift nature of her birth. Her weight is below average, as was my estimation, and they want to keep her in for a few nights of observation, but she is eating the formula without difficulties worth mentioning. I am quietly awed by her survival skills.
I nodded to myself, fighting not to let on how upset I was. “And why is Moriarty doing this for you?”
“And you said that you’re-” He has to make a minuscule pause in order to get the words out. “Attracted to me.”
He tried to shake me off, but I wouldn't let him. I had nothing left to lose. I have been to war, but this was the day when I finally felt as if I stood at the edge of the world, its end staring me in the eye.
We never reached this level of intimacy and certainty before he fell. It's like this raw beauty has come out of that and I can't even
He can't pay attention to the lift moving, can't even hear the sound of the motor, and he has no concept of how long they've been in here. Those doors could open to their floor at any time – or to pick up another person.
I moved without haste, savouring the feeling, finding all the right angles and indulging in them, my head tipped back and my eyes closed. He lay still beneath me, his breathing growing ragged, choking in his throat. When I finally set up a slow, shallow rhythm, he practically whined.
I couldn't hear him from across the street, but I could see the notes in his slow movements in the head chamber. From my table at the window I watched his dark silhouette, framed by the golden heart.
“You had your nose against my neck like this”, John whispers. “And your hand on my chest. And your cock against my bottom. And then… we started moving. I pressed back to be closer to you – yes, just like that – God, Sherlock, it felt so good to be close to you. You kissed my neck. Like this. You touched my nipple. Like this.”
John sits in his chair. His bare feet are resting next to a sunbeam stretching across the dusty carpet.
The sound shoots straight into John's groin, and he knows with mortifying certainty that Sherlock can feel him twitch against his hip. It's too late to pull away now.
The whole ensemble was scrambling to prevent Moran from taking the shot. Backstage, Martha bumped into him so that he lost his aim, Molly on a balcony threw a sack at him so that he dropped the gun, and when the weapon slid onto the stage floor, Irene kicked it away with a dance move. The tumult continued right on stage, hidden in the myriads of swirling skirts, shaking tambourines and leaping acrobats.
Ida climbs onto a chair, holding a long stick with the hat hanging at the end. She lifts the stick high to dangle the hat above our heads on the dance floor. William makes another mocking gesture to me, urging me to go first. I throw my fist in his direction for good measure before I turn to Ida.
On to the library where he keeps the violin cases. He scans them fast, feels his mouth moving, feels his chest vibrating with his voice. Spreads his arms – allongé – lays out his reasoning like a song. Lestrade stands in a corner of the crime scene, eyebrows pinched, mouth stupidly open. Ignore him.
They fit together like a pair of magnets. When Sherlock winds his arms around John’s back, he realises that this is a mistake. They have embraced before, but it was nothing like this. He presses the palms of his hands against John’s warm back, hides his face in John’s neck and hopes that he will never have to end this embrace.
The eighteenth year, John and Sherlock go away alone for Sherlock's fiftieth birthday. John apologises that he didn't give Sherlock the whole fiftieth-birthday-package, Sherlock blushes at the reminder and John giggles into the skin of his throat. Sherlock pretends to mind, but ten minutes later he is wrapping his naked legs around John's hips and begging John to hurry up.
“Oh, I see.” Moriarty's voice leaked venomously into his whisper. “It's our very own Penniless Sitar-Player.”
, because every side of Sherlock Holmes that he has seen so far has been positively blazing. His genius and curiosity, his arrogance and sharp tongue, his boyish playfulness, his strange naivety; John wants to see it all.
You won't get this letter either. It's probably silly, but I wanted to write. Turns out I really do need it. My laptop is at the flat, and I will not write my blog on your laptop, so. Pen and paper it is.
A man in my bed dressed in his favourite dressing gown wasn't enough to reassure me. A contract legally binding a prostitute to a rich duke didn't reassure him. Jealousy, anger, betrayal.
Sherlock's eyes went wide at Holmes' grim tone. He opened his mouth to speak, but Holmes wasn't finished.
They brush their teeth hip to hip. John watches Sherlock in the dirty mirror. He looks tired and domestic and human. Sherlock lets him watch in peace.
when he was sent to a man who wanted to consume him. He went to the tower alone, and he went to save us all.
“You are. See – you don't even know it yourself. How can you not know?” He stares at me with the intensity that can only be found in William's eyes. “It's so rare that people really listen to what others have to say. Or that they care to
, out in the open, hasn't caused it all to disappear. Sherlock lies down beside John and John turns out the light, reaching for his hand. Sherlock grabs it with his soft, shy fingers, pulling their joined hands to his nose. That perfect, straight nose presses into the back of John's hand, and John can feel that the smile on his own face will stay in place even after he's fallen asleep.
One year ago, on the morning of the first rehearsal at the Moulin Rouge, I didn't have time to sleep. As now, I had stayed up all night writing, and when dawn crept up on me, I left my flat to visit Stamford upstairs.
“Was my own choice.” Sherlock tries to get control over his tongue. “Although I had admittedly forgotten…
To the relentless beat from Soling Jacob's fiddle, I make sure to use every halling-trick I know. The audience claps in time throughout my whole solo, making it easy to ignore the burn in my muscles. William doesn't clap, but he's watching me. I can feel the weight of his scrutiny like a stone on my shoulders. And that, even more than the applause, spurs me on and makes me feel even stronger.
I don't know why they're so upset about it. This is only our second year of night-wooing, and we get three more chances before the season is over. Mikael and Greger have both grown a great deal during the winter – grown into their bodies and become quite handsome – and I'm pretty sure I have too. Someone is bound to notice sooner or later.
“Moriarty himself has been forced to undertake an unexpected journey”, Holmes continued. “As he left the city late last night, we have not had the opportunity to finalise the paperwork. However, I assure you that he is quite enthusiastic regarding the potential of the show, and there is every reason to assume that an agreement will be reached without any trouble. I see no reason not to start the rehearsals as planned, so that we may keep to the schedule. The show must go on.”
He hugs me back without hesitation to the cheering applause. His ribcage heaves rapidly inside the circle of my arms, and there is laughter hidden in his panting breath. The back of his shirt is damp with sweat.
Holmes stopped by the doors to the theatre, watching the building of the stage. The air felt palpable, filled with the inevitability of the audience that would soon step into our private bubble. Dressed-up strangers coming to devour our work of love.
“He doesn't know anything about love, though”, I said, the end of the sentence fading into merely a breath.
“I like being on holiday with you”, John sighs, nipping lightly at Sherlock's neck. “Even though you can't behave.”
There is no internet reception on the train, the landscape outside the window is dull, and John is dull. Sherlock's supposed
Sherlock kept walking for a few more steps until he passed a curtain-draped pole. When he was hidden from the dance floor below the balcony, he turned.
It's all silence and secret glances. I sit in my chair with a cup of tea. You lie on the sofa in your thinking pose. I scramble in the fridge to find something edible for lunch. You sit at the table staring into your microscope. We both pretend not to see the other's stolen looks.
He dashed off, disappearing through the nearest door. His forgotten jacket lay in a heap on the floor.
“No!” It flies out of John's mouth automatically, his legs clinging to one of Sherlock's. Sherlock makes a choked sound, seemingly out of his mind with desire, and John loses it.
Sherlock walks into the middle of the garden with his violin under his arm, then raises it to his shoulder. The summer night is still and silent, only the murmur of the bees filling the air as they make themselves at home in the Watson-Holmes garden. The first note fills the air as if the night has been holding its breath, waiting for Sherlock’s music to settle into it.
But I did enjoy the cancan. It's hard not to get swept away by the illusion of a carefree world when you're in the dance hall of the Moulin Rouge, even when you know that the people dancing for you are anything but carefree. Stamford was as happily comfortable as I've ever seen him, and Gregory and Molly were spirited and high, laughing in my ears. They were twirled away onto the dance floor by colourful girls, and I was left alone, standing by the wall. I was looking at the dancers, trying to guess who Sherlock might be, but the dance floor was crowded with girls, girls, girls with colours stark against the black suits amongst them.
But in between, there is calm. There are spring walks and cuddles and quiet kisses. And at the core of even the most turbulent day, there is trust. There's the certainty that this is right, that the search and the waiting and the doubts are all over. At the core of it all, there is love, and the knowledge that we will keep it forever. Our lives have settled into the whirlwind that is us, and it all simply makes sense.
“Well.” The sheets rustle when John settles on his back with his hands folded on his belly. “It wasn’t a drunken epiphany in the arms of another man that did it, if that’s what you’re thinking.”
you”, Moriarty said pointedly. Sherlock gave a breathy half-laugh when he took the hat from Moriarty's hand, then sat on the edge of the bed on the opposite side of the room, carelessly putting the hat down behind him.
Sherlock bites his lip. He wants to reassure John that he can survive it, but it would be a lie. He knows his own patterns. If he lets John in, he will do anything for him. And if John leaves, Sherlock will break.
Noise from the stage travelled all the way to Sherlock's dressing room. His cue was still far away. He was changing costumes, but his numb fingers slipped uselessly on the fastenings.
John covers Sherlock's hand on his cheek, meaning simply to hold on to him. But Sherlock's hand slowly, slowly slips down across his body, and John isn't sure if it's Sherlock moving or John guiding his hand. Every inch they move makes John pulse, his muscles winding up and clenching. They don't stop until Sherlock's palm rests lightly over John's clothed erection, and John's mouth falls wide open. He has to stop breathing to make sure he won't groan. Sherlock isn't breathing either, his equally gaping mouth hanging reverently still above John's.
Sherlock gave that fake half-laugh again, rising from the bed. “Perhaps both”, he said flirtatiously.
Right then, what mattered the most was the show, for me as well as for everyone else involved. I was working every waking moment. When I wasn't overseeing rehearsals, or discussing choreography, costume and characterisation, or writing until I could feel the tapping of the keys make dents in my bones, I was upstairs in Stamford's flat. We could talk about the script for hours on end. The friendship we had shared at university was brought back to life, and it was strengthened by the special bond that only a shared passion can create.
The ache in his chest was searing. Suddenly, he heard himself gasp for breath. Sharp wheezes cutting his ears but no oxygen in his lungs.
He managed to escape before he was completely incapacitated, and he killed them. That was the last piece outside of London. Just a few days before he texted me.
”, I shouted, but at that point I could have left the room without Sherlock noticing, he was so caught up in his moaning performance.
Irene tore at Molly's wrist to make her follow, and Molly's face twisted in real pain. The music built, shoes scraped loudly on the floor, Molly was forced down on her knees. Sherlock left despite my desperate pleading and Moriarty's eyes were blacker than the starless sky. When love is for the highest bidder, there can be no trust; without trust, there is no love. Jealousy will blacken your mind, wind through your guts, ravage your heart. Jealousy will drive you mad.
“What?” I said, but he wouldn't answer. And perhaps I would have shrugged the whole thing off, if not for the lingering memory of piano in my walls. After we parted that evening, a melody rose to my consciousness, one that I would have thought I'd forgotten. It was one of Stamford's own compositions, one that never failed to seize me. Whatever I was doing, when he started playing that song, I had to drop my hands, lower my head and listen. I often wished I was able to make those notes into black letters in my worn notebook. That's how I save the things that are precious to me, that's how I make everything real.
“You're beautiful”, John says, shocked that he's never put it into words before, when it's the only thing he can ever think when he sees Sherlock's face. “You're beautiful.”
“Right, and don’t you ever think how great it’d be to base a relationship on that? I don’t have feelings for you, not in that way, but… what if I could?”
John feels out of his depth. It's not that it's romantic or sexual, what they do. He's straight, and that settles that. But it does seem a bit much to hug
“Oh, but I've seen him too, John. He knows about love, and I think he always has. If only because he's been longing for it, with every fibre of his being.”
John reaches out and gently cups Sherlock’s jaw with the palm of his hand. “Hey, look up for a moment.”
The audience claps, already discussing who's going to dance next. I blink and gasp a breath into my dry mouth. William walks back to his place on the bench next to me, sits down with his arms crossed over his chest, smirking when the next tune starts and another dancer takes the floor.
I stare back at her for a few more moments until my mind is blown by the notion that this person sprung out of John. When I look up, John has his phone in hand.
He shivered then, the sweat on our skin cooling us down. I sat up and pulled down the covers, hope glowing in my stomach when he let me tuck them around us. I curled up on my side, watching the side of his face.
”, I sang tentatively. There was the rustle of clothes when the audience turned in their seats to see me.
“Clearly”, he cut me off, taking a few steps away from me and leaning against the wall. “Neither you nor I have money to sustain ourselves.”
at the moment. His wounds are healing, but dread floods him every time there is a sudden sound. He feels trapped in his own skin.
John is still taken aback by things like this. Imagining Sherlock awake for hours at the kitchen table, fitting together pieces of ceramic, makes him feel treasured. And like Sherlock, John is daily at a loss for how he will ever be able to express it.
Sherlock suddenly needs urgent access to the cabinet that Anderson is leaning on. Without pausing for breath, he weaves a string of biting insults into the middle of his deduction tirade. John quietly groans. Maybe he shouldn't have caved when Sherlock refused to finish his lunch.
“Yes of course, the writer”, Sherlock said, plastering a smile onto his face. “We were just reading the script.”
I don't know what to say, Sherlock. I'm so fucking angry, I can't breathe any more. Now you're telling me this story of how you sacrificed yourself for me and it's like I should be grateful, but how can I be grateful for the worst thing that's happened to me? I can't thank you for the thing that ripped you away from me
“There are ears in the fridge.” This kind of statement is met by an unconcerned humming sound from Sherlock. “Human ears”, John adds, raising his voice.
“And here I thought your sock index was some intricate system you’d come up with just for the sake of it. Didn’t realise you keep it because you
John lifts his head until his face is directly above Sherlock's. He stares into Sherlock’s eyes when he says: “I fucking love your arse.”
I straightened, starting down the stairs onto the main stage. Sherlock tried to follow suit, but his legs wouldn't carry him, and he fell down the last stair. I didn't reach out to steady him. He caught himself on his hands, landing on his stomach on the stage to a subdued gasp from the audience. He coughed weakly, remaining where he lay.
His voice was an intimate song. His head was lowered and he looked up at me from under millions of heavy black lashes. The fabric of his dress had a lustre to it, shifting with his movements. The dark purple made him look like sex.
He moaned loudly when he was fully seated against me, staying in place for a moment. I could feel his heartbeat around me, and suddenly it was impossible not to say it.
John watches a strand of hair escape from the bun, and Tori impatiently tucks it behind her ear. She's moving with the restless energy of someone who has spent hours cleaning without ever sitting down, fluttering through her echoing living room with sweaty face and goosebumps on her arms.
The living room walls watch, with their old wallpaper and bullet holes and yellow paint, as Sherlock's existence takes a most wonderful turn. His old life witnesses his new life take shape daringly right in front of the mundane living room clutter.
But I think I need to finish this letter now, and I think I need to break the silence. I think you're putting it off to stay in this quiet of ours, and I think I won't let you. I think I need to ask you if today is the day to resurrect Sherlock Holmes.
His irises are a clear green around huge black pupils. His hair is disarrayed in a way that any idiot could deduce the reason for; not the mussed chaos of sleep, but the dishevelled mess of loving hands. His always-so-pale cheeks are red, the blooms of colour on his cheekbones making him look acutely alive. And his lips, his lips are almost pink, the colour standing out on his face as though he's wearing lipstick.
“Come on!” Sherlock yells again. He speeds up and John swears again, pushing himself to run faster. He has no time to react when Sherlock suddenly stops and twirls around. John crashes into his open arms, and Sherlock uses his momentum to get them into a deep doorway.
He grabbed my braces, drawing me with him when he leaned back against the wall, his feet wide apart. I stepped in between his legs, gasping when I could feel his erection against my own. Sherlock tipped his head back with a broken-off sob. He was trembling faintly, his hips moving restlessly between my pelvis and the wall. He bit his lip as if fighting not to make a sound.
She begs him not to give up on her. She tells him she can't lose him, not when a good thing has finally happened to her. John takes silent, strained breaths. He tries to finish the conversation, his chest tight and crowded under the weight of her sobs, but she panics.
I tried to say but not even my lips would move. When he fell, the ground disappeared beneath me and I tried to run to him over streets that weren't there. I woke up choking on his name.
But there is a flavour to this particular case of arousal with which he has been unfamiliar until now. He has never felt quite this hot; his muscles have never had this useless liquid quality. His groin has never felt quite so full, and he has never lost his grip on coordination like this without even being interested in regaining it. He is only interested in halting on the steps, turning around and wrapping himself around the little soldier with the intense gravity pull behind him.
One of Sherlock's eyebrows twitched upwards, but he wouldn't look at me. Moriarty, on the other hand, clicked his tongue and playfully shook his head. “Boy, that can't be good for him.”
(A Fire Is Burning) – Another tune with Ulrika Bodén. It's the soundtrack for John's realisation of what he wants with William. Here's a rough translation of the lyrics:
I look over at him in surprise. He says this with a voice that sounds as though it's masking tiny explosions happening inside of him.
I poured my cup, and when I turned around Mary was waving needlessly from the little round table she had chosen. I shrugged at Gregory when I passed an empty chair at his table and went over to her. She seemed to have decided that she and I were friends, always making sure to be close to me whenever we had a break.
Once again, Sherlock altered the words. He made them even more true, showing me that he meant them for us, for me, for now. He held the last tone, his beautiful voice filling all the space in the hall and in my chest. He broke off in a gasp for air, folding forwards in pain. But he straightened again, his voice hoarse but still more clear than anything:
Sherlock doesn't move, staring into John's eyes as if they're the only thing in the world worth looking at. The air between them is scary in its intensity, and John finds that he holds his breath. He can't read the look on Sherlock's face, and suddenly he's not sure he really wants to.
It looked really bad for me earlier tonight. I was wrestled to the ground and I knew she had a knife. After seeing all of her victims, I didn't hold out too much hope that she would let me get away with minor injuries.
John's breath thunders in his ears when Sherlock burrows in closer to his body, his lips pressing against John's in what can only be described as a kiss. The way Sherlock's body melts into his like warming butter makes it hard to think straight; instead of ending it, John shapes his lips to fit Sherlock's.
John is sitting at the kitchen table. Across from him there's an untouched plate of pasta. Sherlock grabs the fork beside it and hurls it across the room.
Sometimes John is curious about what it would feel like if Sherlock's lips lingered. Sometimes he thinks he wants that to happen, because there are few parts of Sherlock's body that aren't his yet. He doesn't want all of it, of course, he doesn't want it sexually – this is on a level far deeper than sex. He has never experienced it before, he's not sure there are even words for it.
saw a person whose soul had found nourishment and space to bloom. He spoke about Paris in his ordinary, calm manner, but his eyes had a new lustre and I could see the joy hiding in the corner of his mouth.
“Of course”, Sherlock says with his blunt deduction voice. “You flirted shamelessly with me at the Chinese restaurant after our first case.”
“Monsieur Holmes”, he said, hushed and careful. Martha stared at him, afraid to move. He continued without preamble, knowing that there was no way to lessen the blow, nothing to do other than to keep his voice gentle. “Sherlock is dying. He has consumption.”
Whenever Sherlock sees it he feels blindsided, because it is rarely in response to something he has done that seems particularly loveable. It's just…
It's so good to hear his voice again. I ask him a question about his latest musical experiment just to set him off, just to get him to pour an endless stream of that deep voice over me. The dusk slowly seizes the village. Inside, the candlelight flickers over the walls.
“Thank you, Martha.” His voice was warm in a way I had never heard it be. Then it suddenly changed into something urgent. “You have a new client tonight.”
It takes a long time for their laughter to subside. John stays afloat in the feeling of wrung-out muscles after a good laugh, letting the last of the giggles pour out of his chest. Eventually Sherlock raises his head.
The windmill was empty, as was the courtyard and the hallway before the theatre. When we were outside the door to the dance hall, however, I could hear singing from inside. I raised my eyebrows at Stamford, and carefully pushed the door open.
Sherlock's supposed wish to wait until the opening night was elegant in its symmetry and drama. Sherlock's realisation that none of his previous encounters could compare to what Moriarty would do to him – that he was in fact a virgin until Moriarty claimed him – was irresistible to the duke. Sherlock's fear that he wouldn't get through the last weeks of rehearsal once Moriarty had deflowered him, was just what Moriarty planned for him to feel. And Sherlock's fantasy of seeing Moriarty in the front row on the opening night, feeling his eyes on him the entire time, being owned and trapped and knowing that he would be invaded that very night… was in fact Moriarty's fantasy.
I couldn't look away while he talked, it's the most intense thing I've seen. Every part of his face fixed me to it, and his gorgeous mouth moved around unbelievable words. He tipped his head as if he knew how that would make his breath gush over my face from a different angle, varying his caress.
John keeps scraping his plate as if nothing happened. Sherlock experimentally shifts his legs in the small space under the table, and John makes an annoyed sound in the back of his throat. He pushes back against Sherlock's leg and swallows before speaking.
He doesn't ask me for news on Morstan, which is good. I don't have any, and the fact that he doesn't ask means he doesn't expect me to solve her case. I already knew he wouldn't, of course; she did put a bullet in me, after all.
Someone slept on the floor, someone busied themselves by reading a script or sheet music. Most sat in silence, someone coughed, but covered it quickly with their hand. When high heels clicked loudly on the floor, they seemed to break some secret rule of silence.
I was so caught up in the work that it was a while before I glanced up. I was surprised to see Sherlock still sitting in his alcove. I had assumed he would leave once we started, that our rehearsal was distracting if he wanted to memorise his lines. Maybe he was seized by the same calm as I always was by these notes.
He finally turns his head and looks calmly back at me. I turn my gaze to the darkening sunset sky, not a trace of self-consciousness left in me even as I feel him watching me. I'm happy to share all of me with him.
Sherlock flops onto the mattress, his face mashed into a pillow. John stands awkwardly by the side of the bed, watching Sherlock's ungracefully angled limbs, resting where they landed.
I look into Mikael's kind eyes and sigh. “No.” I rise from the bench in the corner where William and I usually sit. “Let's go, then.”
John is fully hard in his trousers and he has no idea of how long he has to wait. His pelvis moves desperately, but there's no friction to meet him, only Sherlock's hand slipping back to cup his arse.
John doesn't speak all day. But Sherlock speaks constantly without words. Hushed steps around the flat, homely clatter on the laptop, soft clinks by the microscope, and his violin. God, his violin.
Sherlock looks around as if surprised to see the mess. “Oh. I had to dig up some research.” He waves his hand dismissively.
Sherlock blinks at him, losing his voice when he asks: “What do you want to do when you think about me?”
“No? Look at this!” Sherlock waves one of the socks madly, and with his other hand rifles through the heap on the table. “And there’s only one of it! John,
He looked so heartbroken when he played solo for Täpp Lisa and me that one time. And the following Saturday was the only time since I've known him that he didn't turn up at the dance. I understand now that William has always been aware that the summer of 1895 will end.
is another of the most common Swedish folk dances. Like polska, it's a couple's dance, but this one's in common time. (The third of the most common dances is waltz.)
John is living. The immediacy of it is grazing every inch of his skin. He can feel the vibrations from the gun still in his fingertips. He can feel the blood pumping through his limbs. He can breathe.
“With you involved, I am confident we could create something truly spectacular. I almost dare guarantee that it will please your eye.”
His breath hitched. He was standing still as a statue, breathing silent and fast as I leaned in closer. I could feel his fluttering breath on my lips, I could almost smell the skin beside his nose. When he didn't move away, my lips parted and I moved closer still. His eyelashes fluttered, eyes almost shutting.
It's not until William stands in the middle of the dance floor and puts his bow to the strings that I realise I've never heard him play alone before. The dance barn quiets at his first notes. Täpp Lisa puts her hand back on my shoulder, walking into the polska without a word. It's as if the biting tones from William's fiddle put a spell of silence on all of us.
The eighth year, between fervent evenings in the dark and precious mornings with Daddy-Papa-Rosie in bed, every old heartbreak leaks out through the cracks. Betrayal, sacrifice, lies, jealousy, it all pours onto their living room floor until they can't walk through the flat without stumbling upon it. Everything unspoken becomes shouted echoes between walls that have seen so much and forgotten nothing. John is sad and afraid and angry and so in love, and he goes back to Ella and laughs darkly at the fact that she thought he had trust issues before. Sherlock is just as afraid as John is, and it breaks John's heart to keep being angry with him for something he had no choice but to do. When Sherlock explodes a few times, calling John a selfish coward, John squeezes his eyelids together and tries not to defend himself. Mostly he fails.
As soon as I was there with him, the audience disappeared. Sherlock's eyes fell closed and he leaned forward, his forehead resting against mine. I blinked hard to get rid of the tears swimming in my eyes, needing to see him properly.
They can't let go and spin away in one direction each, holding on to each other through weaker bonds like words and looks.
I was there in the tower with them, and everything I saw and heard was the truth. What was my humble song in comparison to a hundred diamonds decorating Sherlock's beautiful neck? I couldn't blame him if he changed his mind.
“Sherlock”, I whispered. He couldn't answer, fighting for breath. Horrible choking sounds emerged from his throat, wrapping the room in terror, making everyone halt.
When Sherlock's song came to an end, and he stopped dancing, it was like a spell releasing its hold on my lungs, letting me draw a few harsh breaths through my dry throat. Sherlock disappeared in a wall of cancan skirts, the brass band started playing something else, and I finally had the presence of mind to close my mouth, glancing around in embarrassment to see if anyone had watched me. I must have looked brainless.
Sherlock gasps, nodding jerkily, and John moves his hand. A sudden cry from Sherlock surprises them both. John watches his face closely when his eyes open, staring at John in pure shock. A thrill goes through John as a dozen ideas of how else he might be able to shock Sherlock flood his mind.
Sherlock's deduction is brilliant as usual, and so are the rest of the deductions he keeps pouring out. Sometimes he leans into John to murmur a particularly saucy piece of actor gossip into John's ear, and after a while their arms are brushing where they sit in the middle of the sofa. John feels Sherlock's curls against his cheek.
Soling Jacob remains where he is and begins to play a polska in minor key. The melody sounds lonely and rare in the empty dance barn.
version from my very first night at the Moulin Rouge. Every move was there, down to the loud air-kiss after the chorus.
I couldn't help but smile seeing Stamford step into the director part. It was a good thing that he had dropped out of university, because this was clearly where he belonged. His eyes were gleaming when he led the script reading – and when the actors started reading my lines out loud, I understood how he felt. All of a sudden, everything that I had kept confined in my head and heart ever since I wrote my first poem materialised before me. It became real in the shape of Gregory's imposing impression of the Evil Maharajah, Molly's sincere Penniless Sitar-Player, and Sherlock… His deep voice poured melted chocolate into my words, making me blush faintly every time we reached the Hindu Dancer's lines.
I have to remind myself to keep humming. I feel nervous when I look back at her; I have never seen her this awake. Yes, the first time I held her she was present too, but it was not like this. This intensity, this absolute attentiveness in her eyes is brand new. It's almost as if she is being born all over again.
He glanced at me over his shoulder, a reproachful look on his face. Then he went to put on his clothes.
“Not so tasty, though. And not as cosy.” John’s mouth twists into a half-smile. “Harry and I used to do that too, you know. Our aunt had a fireplace in her living room. We used to toast sausages and put them in buns with all kinds of things. Cucumber, olives, cottage cheese… It was pretty fancy.”
“Sherlock.” Their eyes met. Moriarty's were black and emotionless, much like Holmes tried to keep his own. “I- I am certain that can be arranged.”
It feels like a luxury. Yet it is the most human of things to do; to experience the simple joy of touch.
The simple request hit me painfully in the chest. My eyes fell closed when I gathered him into my arms. The fabric of his dress was stiff and cold under my hands. I pressed my palms against his back, feeling for proof of warm skin under the thick garment. He burrowed his face into my neck, somehow managing to make himself small despite his height.
He was so present, he was so much more real than anything else – there was no way that it could all disappear like smoke through my fingers. Not now. Not yet. Oh God, we weren't done yet.
I rose from my typewriter table, stopped to pick up a pastry, then hurried after Molly into the dance hall.
“Indeed.” His voice was raw and deep with sleep. I tried not to stare, but when he busied himself with rolling the stockings up his legs, I took the opportunity to take in the sleepy Sherlock. His hair was even more irresistible like this, untamed curls sticking out in every direction.
I lunged for it before I could think. Closed it in both my hands in a clumsy grip, holding tight. I forced myself to keep looking at him even though my eyes stung from being opened wide in the middle of sleep. Couldn't let myself close my eyes and risk returning to the dream. He met my gaze, blinking often. I think he did that on purpose, to show that he wasn't a corpse.
, you're so bloody tall.” John tries to sound exasperated, but his eyes are glittering when their feet tangle.
“So I stepped up on the edge.” He pointed with his whole hand, the hand that reached out to hold me in place on the pavement below. “I saw the cab coming in and I called you.”
His face was monstrous, his voice still echoing without sound in the office. They stared at each other, Moriarty not even blinking, until Holmes finally spoke.
“-but I should've known. I know you, and I'm your best friend. I'll never take you for granted again – do you even realise how…
He lets his fingertips slip deeper into the sea of curls, scratching lightly against Sherlock's scalp. Sherlock's lips part immediately, his whole face relaxes and he presses into John's hand.
(Sister-Polska from Ore after Timas Hans) – The tune that William and Soling Jacob play in the beginning, and the one William analyses for John
At nine a.m., John is secretly awake. Sherlock's hands caress him, stirring his blood and warming his skin. He doesn't say anything and he tries not to move. Of course he hasn't fooled Sherlock, who ducks his head to kiss him. “Happy New Year, John.”
John closes his eyes again and moves forward an inch. Sherlock closes his eyes too, trying to calm his racing heart. The tip of John's nose nudges against Sherlock's, stroking it lightly for a moment. Sherlock is grateful for the preparation.
A thin, bald man hesitantly rose from his seat in the music section. “Er, it's my arrangement”, he bravely ventured.
I can see what John means. The muddy brown from the day she was born is brightening into a deep blue.
“Sherlock, I'm in love with you”, he blurts, before he even has time to think about the potential consequences of saying this to his best friend. “Sorry, didn't mean it to slip out like that, I just… what I felt for her, what I've felt for… it's not… this is… oh my God.”
The mind palace dissolves around him in one stunned blink. He is standing on the victim's Persian rug, rosin dust clinging to his polished shoes, and John Watson stands inside his personal space, lips pressed against his.
An involuntary smile pulls at Sherlock's lips. He can't help it; can't help hearing the words in John's voice; can't help liking every word John chooses no matter how insignificant, even stupid; can't help loving whatever John does.
Still doesn't feel strange. It actually feels amazing. The hardness between them makes John feel strangely proud, makes him want to press in closer and see how much control he can make Sherlock lose. He strokes Sherlock's waist while he works up courage to nudge his fingers under the waistband. He succeeds on the second try, prompting a heavy sigh from Sherlock.
“Oh, yes. Many years ago now. The early Moulin Rouge days. I had a regular who was causing me trouble. Violent man, you see, John. Quite sadistic.” I sat back in my chair without having touched the food, my stomach suddenly turning. “Instead of growing bored, the way most of them do, it only got worse.”
“You this time”, he whispered into my ear, his fist grasping the back of my head, fingertips digging into my scalp. “Please.”
The door banged against the wall when the stage manager arrived, a skinny man with a perpetually disgusted face. “All right, you girls”, he said in a nasal voice, “get back out front and make those gents thirsty.” He stopped before Martha, not bothering with so much as a glance at Sherlock. “Problems?”
“You think you rule the world”, he said very quietly, and if his voice shook, he ignored it. “You might rule this one, but you are foolish to believe it means you rule
John’s fingers trace light patterns on his back as if he has all the time in the world, and wants to gift all of it to Sherlock.
For our part, we could do nothing but wait. The theatre hall was dimly lit, a cave of warm red, brown and gold. The dance floor was a vast black hole. Actors, dancers and musicians sat in the alcoves along the side. Everyone could feel it; how very close we were to losing it all. We all depended on Sherlock, giving the performance of a lifetime under a pair of malicious eyes and malevolent hands.
John smiles incredulously. “We don't know a thing about each other. I don't know where we're meeting; I don't even know your name.”
I keep myself from walking up to him. He doesn't approach me either. But there's never a moment where I'm not acutely aware of where he is in the room – and whenever I look there, his eyes are already on me.
Sherlock stands in front of the mirror for longer than he will ever admit. It is difficult to decide on clothes today. Everything he owns is elegant, of course. But the purple shirt has a lustre to it that makes it alluring in a way that the blue shirt is not. And one pair of trousers is a little tighter than the others.
John presses his forehead into Sherlock's bony shoulder, closing his eyes. It feels as though no time has passed since the river bank, his lungs still too tight to give him air, his heartbeat still too erratic, his hands still obsessively clutching at Sherlock's clothes.
“You realise that your bed is too far away. We’re both too turned on to walk all the way there. You look over at the table, which is miraculously cleared today, because this is a fantasy.” Sherlock is too far out of his mind to laugh at the jab. “I see what you’re thinking, and I push you backwards until you’re in front of the table. Then I pull down your trousers and pants. You lie back onto the table and wrap your legs around me. I look down at you – it’s the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen. I take out the bottle of lube I’ve had in my pocket all day, then open my fly. I slowly… slowly… sink into you.”
I slid my hand to his backside, tugging him towards me. “Go on”, I breathed into his mouth. “Whatever you want.”
Holmes had an investor. The Bohemians had a show. Stamford, Gregory and Molly had all knocked on my door in turn, trying to drag me with them to the celebrations in Stamford's flat. I had declined, telling them I needed to write – and I really did, as the first script reading was tomorrow, and I hadn't produced a single line apart from the song.
She looks at him curiously, seeing thoughts behind his eyes. He clears his throat and turns away, even though he knows there's only one person who would be able to deduce what really happened.
“Stop them!” Anderson shouted breathlessly behind us. He was impressively persistent. I suppose his office was sacred for him; it was a status marker, distinguishing him from the simple prostitutes.
This is when Mikael brings up the failed night-wooing again. I listen absently to his and Greger's complaints over the Drömme girls. “I've met them all, and I don't like any of them.”
John's hand gently squeezes his thigh and he leans in towards Sherlock. Sherlock instinctively meets him halfway. The kiss is soft and slow, almost unbearably so.
John is asleep within a minute. Sherlock stares with dry eyes at the ceiling, certain he will not sleep. But at some point he must doze off anyway because he has the most exquisite dream. He is lying with John underneath a soft duvet, their arms wrapped loosely around one another while they sleep. Their chests are not touching, but John's left hand is resting behind Sherlock's neck and his right arm is cradling Sherlock's head, his mouth breathing softly into Sherlock's fringe. Their legs are folded on top of each other, their feet hooked together. Under Sherlock's arm, John's chest is rising and falling slowly in the most beautiful breaths Sherlock has ever known.
Had I not been blinded by my gnawing suspicions, I might have listened to him and asked him more. But instead I rose from my chair, moving to sit on the side of the bed, and said:
It's worse now, because now I know Sherlock is hurting as well. He's been bloody tortured, and he's been all alone, and I'm afraid he means he's somehow done it all for me. The pain I feel for him is almost bigger than my own. But I can't do anything about that either, I can't comfort him and it's too late to help him, and saying it will all be fine is the most tragic lie I can think of. Nothing is fine and it's obvious nothing will be.
The sofa is not very spacious. This fact works tremendously well in Sherlock's favour. There is no way they can both fit on there without clinging tightly to each other; there is nowhere to go but burrowing into the warmth of John's knitted jumper.
The woman from the cafeteria today. Of course. When the deduction reaches my mind I take a silent breath. I remind myself that everything is different now. That I have proven myself to be stronger than I think. That there is a baby asleep in the room with her arms flung above her head because she trusts me. She needs me. And she is proof that life goes on.
“You are everything to me, Sherlock.” John chokes on the end of the sentence, fighting to keep at least his gaze steady even when it's wet.
He nodded and tried to smile. I looked into his eyes one last time, and realised that he was waiting for
John asks himself for the hundredth time how it's possible for someone to be so brilliant that it makes up for Sherlock's level of rudeness. Frankly, John doesn't feel like posing as some shelf for Sherlock to put stuff on
The telly quiets. Neither of them speaks. John's limbs are liquid with warmth and contentment. Sherlock is breathing in sync with him in the cocoon of his arms. John has never had Sherlock in his arms for this long before, and he doesn't want to end the moment. He wants to keep this quiet, content Sherlock.
. Everything about him is completely breathtaking; his sinuous spine, his strong arms, and his neck, smooth under his curly hair. Even his feet are beautiful to look at, a dance in themselves. His steps are heavy where it suits him and feather-light where it shouldn't be possible; William uses gravity as though
Sherlock walked across the balcony in the opposite direction, still helplessly grinning to himself. But his smile froze in an instant and he halted when he found someone standing before him. A shadow solid and black, with the sharp tip of an umbrella digging into the hallway carpet.
John spots the outline of Sherlock behind the closed gate. His long coat and riot of curls cut a stark silhouette against the lights behind him. He clasps the iron bars in his gloved hands.
“Could have fooled me. I warned you, Sherlock.” Holmes tipped his chin down reproachfully. “Don't get involved.”
Greg chuckles when John follows him out of the hotel room turned crime scene. “I don't know how you do it, John.”
I can feel William's body come alive under my hands from the exertion of the dance. The back of his purple shirt is warm and humid, and the scent of him is stronger the longer we dance. Every breath I take has William in it. It's intoxicating. I want to bury myself in the junction between his neck and shoulder and live there forever.
The Diamond Dogs were moving in intricate patterns over the floor before me, singing scandalous words. They would swarm towards the suits by the walls, enticing the men into playing with them. A blonde girl approached me with a sly smile, not stopping when I tried to look away. She squirmed to show off her cleavage, fixing me with sharp, grey eyes, presenting her neck under her short-cut hair when she tilted her head this way and that, like a reptile. She tugged at my hand to get me to dance with her, laughing at nothing.
Sherlock quickly recovered from the surprise. He hurried over to the closet and pulled out a dressing gown to cover his nakedness. “You're wasting your time, Mycroft”, he said without looking at Holmes.
Whatever the reason is, everyone knows that's John's place. So when Sherlock is darting around the crime scene, his speech blurring into one endless sentence of deductions too esoteric for anyone to understand, they all look to John. John tiredly rubs his eyes with one hand, wondering what to do with the phone Sherlock dropped in his other hand without so much as giving him a look.
Sherlock dashed off again, this time leading me out through the main entrance and across the courtyard. The red light bulbs covering the windmill were all glowing, the turning blades groaning above us when we ran into the building. I threw a glance over my shoulder just in time to see the doors to the stage building open at the other end of the courtyard. I didn't stay to see if it was Anderson before I followed Sherlock into the depths of the mill.
I am not certain that I even know what fatherhood means. What am I meant to be to her? How am I meant to love her? How will she love me back?
“I'm so sorry, John.” Sherlock stands still, stoic, stable, eyes closed. “I will tell you everything, I promise.”
My mother claims that she dreams of my father every year. It's been ages since Harriet confided in me who she dreamt of, although I remember once when we were little she told me that she'd dreamt of her best friend. When the two of them come back inside, holding one small bouquet each with secret smiles and glittering eyes, I find myself for the first time ever wondering who
“Oh, but Mary, we have so much to do” – I hid my smirk behind my hand and he was quick to add: “So much work! Be a doll and let Mycroft know.”
“All is well, I take it”, Holmes said smoothly. He put the tip of the umbrella at the floor, leaning slightly on it.
I finally buy us caramels. Raspberry. They sit on my bedside table in a brown paper bag, and of course William sees it as soon as he enters my room.
I haven't seen Martha since I walked out of the Moulin Rouge doors for the last time. I don't know where I would find her. Sometimes I worry about her. But then I think of Sherlock who knew her so well, who really
I slipped away down the hallway to gather my things and go home for the day. My muscles were liquid and my senses were dulled. I had gotten away with having sex right there at work; there was no stopping us. I didn't even look up to see if anyone was watching me.
The pleasant buzzing from Sherlock's touch almost lulls John back to sleep before Sherlock kisses his lips.
It is somewhat difficult to enjoy the case properly when Watson is standing with his feet planted broadly on the ground, arms folded across his chest, watching Sherlock work. When at any time a breeze could ruffle Watson's sun-bleached hair, making him look tousled and touched. When his blue eyes look into Sherlock's without once flinching away. Part of Sherlock's mind is constantly pondering what will happen when the case is over and Watson has no reason to hover by his side any longer.
I do it on purpose!” I finish my sentence in a fierce whisper when William opens the door to the hallway.
I was interrupted by Sherlock shoving me backwards to get out of my now limp grip. He sat back against the bed, and his eyes were hard enough to burn holes into me. With a thrill I realised that I'd done it – I had broken through the façade. Every trace of servility was gone from his face, and his body language reminded me much more of the man from the dance. I wondered how anyone could look so dignified and in control in such exposing clothes, leaning back with limbs carelessly sprawling. But Sherlock did; he looked terrifyingly assertive.
When Sherlock finally started to stir, I had already been writing for an hour. I glanced over when I heard the sheets rustle, and caught his closed-eyed smile, just the briefest softening on his features.
“Neither can I.” It helps that they are lying in bed while having this conversation; the location is already so odd that Sherlock can
smiled, and it was reckless, really, because he'd never done so before. I loved it. And then he opened a door, pushed me into an empty room and swallowed my breath with his kisses.
, can he? He glances at John – John who is here with his flesh and his blood and his heat and his hands – and Sherlock doesn't know how to reach for him. Yes, they are married, but they have been a romantic couple for only three months. After a week apart, Sherlock feels unsure of the everyday intimacy they have so recently learned to share. It no longer feels easy to reach out and touch. Sherlock walks stiffly, his entire body tense with the effort not to throw himself at John and wrap himself around him in an unsolvable knot.
I drove into him until he forgot everything else, everyone else, until his pleasure was all there was in the world. When he climaxed, there were the hues of a smile on his face. I followed him, and for the moment it was enough.
She had the last of her extra check-ups today. After she was born she lost some weight and has had to come into the hospital regularly. John has worried, but even an idiot could see how fast she has grown over the last week. I think it's ridiculous that John insists on going to the hospital to hear doctors tell us what I already know, but this time John had an appointment on his own after hers, so I kept my mouth shut for once. I did however roll my eyes behind the doctor's back.
It was my right. And its veins were pulsing with heat and its muscles were strong, and all I wanted to do was run, run in circles on the hardwood floor, run until I flew again.
Sherlock's heart beat fast as a frightened bird's as he paced in front of the fireplace. My fate, his fate, and the fate of the entire Moulin Rouge were dependent on how well he played this part, and he felt the weight of it every second. His lip curled.
It's the kind of night that never ends, and never should. It's one a.m. and the restaurant looks dingy, but by God, the dim sum is good. The bottom third of the door handle. What do you know. John's mouth twists into a smile – it's so easy to smile tonight.
to create a world where hands did not get ruined by tremors, where people did not get their spirit shot out of them, where clumsy canes were left behind. Where you could rely upon something as elusive as love.
He shook his head briskly as if to get rid of my words. “The police doesn't listen to me, John. The only reason I accomplished that was that I worked undercover and sent the tip anonymously. I didn't get any recognition, and I certainly didn't get any money.”
Sherlock didn't usually beg me in bed, and the urgency of it almost frightened me. I lifted my head to look at him.
The low thud of his shoes down the hall. He stopped in the doorway. I turned around. My eyes felt absurdly wide.
First of all, I hope you saw the other news. The news that the police finally worked out that he was innocent. Everything I've said on this blog has been the truth and now everyone knows it. I just want to take a minute to thank those who commented on here saying that they still believed in him. It really helped.
Sherlock looks at John. He sees his blue, earnest eyes, his for once unruly hair, and his hands. In the end he cannot bring himself to forbid it.
“This is exactly the sort of thing I was trying to prevent! It’s deeply distressing!” Sherlock almost looks close to tears. “Is my life not complex enough without a random sock?”
Yes, I did have a lot of fun analysing chapter 22 of Undersea-Rainbows according to Sherlock's sexting classification. Which by the way is taken from a real website. Ah, the weird research we do for fics.
Just when the candle lights up my room he speaks again. His voice is deep and smooth even muffled by the door.
known, that someone like him wouldn't want someone like me. Sherlock belonged with the stars. Not with grey, mortal ex-soldiers.
Sherlock drags a hand through his hair, leaving it even wilder than before. “Bloody Mycroft! Look at this – these socks don’t match any of the ones I had before. I’ll have to come up with a whole new subcategory!”
I looked between his eyes, unsure how to answer. There was something new in his face, something serious and determined.
Moriarty hummed absently. Sherlock walked slowly towards him, feet close together and hips swinging, but Moriarty turned away from him. He resumed his aimless stroll around the chamber, completely owning the silence that held both Sherlock and me trapped.
It sang that it was all right, that there was nothing to fear, if he stayed where he was supposed to be.
He can tell that John is keyed up too. His shoulders are rigid and his posture keeps tilting towards Sherlock. The air between them vibrates with tension; it should be easy to give in and just snuggle the man. Instead Sherlock hears himself asking about the new beehives.
He watched the clouds while the takeaway was cooling in its boxes, without doing his act of being untouchable. Even with the moon-pale skin he looked unusually human, he looked… just, alive.
“You are being juvenile”, Holmes hissed. “If you keep behaving like this, you will never become a real actor.”
Watson's hand snakes in underneath it without preamble, straight into Sherlock's underwear. Sherlock is already so hard it's nearly embarrassing, but he forgets to apologise for it when Watson's fist closes around him.
“Yeah, I'm sorry I'm so late to catch on.” John stubbornly holds Sherlock's gaze even when the shame coldly squeezes his guts. “I know you were hurting. I wish I'd been brave enough to see that and to be with you. I put my own fears before us and that… well, I'll never abandon you again, Sherlock. I was just so scared.”
“Of course not, Moriarty.” Sherlock turned to him with a smile that was a bit too cold. “We will have it tomorrow.”
He calls Sherlock over and over, even after he realises there will be no answer. After the third untouched cup of tea, he makes coffee instead. It's eleven p.m. and he drinks it far too fast.
We talk. We fight. We know we'll both lose, every single time, but we never were the best of communicators, were we.
closes around his bare, taut skin. John tries to break away for an embarrassingly loud moan, but Sherlock hungrily swallows it with his hot mouth. His hand moves determinedly over John's cock, and John realises with a shock that he's about to come.
All I could see beneath the hem of the tablecloth was four pairs of feet; three of them in hard, polished shoes, with suit trousers in grey, dark blue and black respectively. The grey ones moved minutely, a small rock back on the heels, the tip of an umbrella digging into the floor beside them. The blue and the black stood steady. The fourth pair of feet, clad in high heels and black stockings, shifted when Sherlock casually posed, hip tilted to the side, one leg bending slightly.
He hadn't seen me yet. He was watching the people dancing, looking bored. There was an empty space around him, as if everyone knew that it was best not to approach this man.
“How did this happen?” Sherlock demands. “You clearly weren’t interested when we met. Whenever I tried to get your attention you turned around and found yourself a woman.”
In a different reality, Sherlock rips his gaze away so fast that he never has time to even think about it.
As they spoke, the door to the tower opened. Holmes' mouth shut when Moriarty's manservant Moran walked quietly across the floor to whisper in his employer's ear.
Sherlock's silent breathing is fast against John's bare chest and John can't think straight. A large hand clutches John's hip, and it's almost torture, having his hand so close. John wriggles in his seat, trying to get closer to Sherlock somehow – these seats are bloody inconvenient when he needs to touch his husband
Something about this spitting and hissing creature is so adorable that the words fly out of John's mouth before he can think. “Hey, you should come with me to Harry's.”
Last night must have been a bad one. I woke up when he shouted, and it was only a few seconds before he darted out of bed. I thought he was getting a glass of water, but he didn't come back. I got up eventually and found him in the living room.
The door behind me opened, and I automatically straightened my spine further. My hand didn't tremble at all when I turned around, every fibre of me prepared. Still, Sherlock's appearance threw me off for a second.
“Can't. No time.” Irene simply went back to her shoelaces, but Sherlock went on: “If the message doesn't get through, Moriarty will not be pleased. Might tear up the contract.” She paused her hands again, shooting him a glare which he answered with a smirk. “Come on, John”, he said and went for the door.
“Good night, Sherlock”, he whispers into the curls. Sherlock seems too sleepy to hear the depth of the affection lying in that name on John's tongue.
He was right; when we ran through the vestibule, the indignant shouts behind us indicated that the guards already knew that we had disturbed a client. We didn't stop to check, running back out into the courtyard.
John smiles at him and presses play. Sherlock's eyes are still on him, creating an invisible connection between their bodies that lingers after Sherlock turns his attention to the screen.
With the script crowding my brain, eager to be freed by the typewriter's keys, I didn't have time to be depressed. I didn't have time to pay any mind to the occasional ache in my bad leg. The cane remained lying in a corner of my flat.
“No, don't go.” I followed him to the door, praying that he would look at me. “Please don't go. Please talk to me.”
Sherlock squeezes his eyes shut and wonders if John says this to every lover. If it’s part of the John Watson experience to feel unique, treasured and painfully desired. But then John finds a spot on his throat that wipes every thought from his mind, and all he can think is:
He's always reminded of it when he has Sherlock in his arms, hair ruffled from sleep, breaths loud with pleasure in his throat. That's the real Sherlock. But John has to manage without that reassurance now. He has a girlfriend. He can't do the same things with his mate as he does with her. She's the one who should fill his need for hugs and cuddles – that's what girlfriends are for. He can't very well alternate between sleeping in her bed and in Sherlock's.
I took his hand, walking back from the heavy drapes to get into curtain-call position. I spotted Molly in her Penniless Sitar-Player outfit, waving at me to get into position beside her. I shrugged at her in a wordless apology for hijacking her part, and she shrugged back, smiling. Stamford stood beside her with a smug expression on his face, as if everything that just took place on the stage was entirely his doing. And, well, it was.
That’s not unusual, and it doesn’t really bother John. It’s just that everyone is busy today with dinners and parties, and John is bored. At seven, he decides to cook a proper dinner anyway. He might as well; he’s bought groceries for spaghetti bolognese from scratch, with grated cheese and spring onions on the side, and cooking will keep him busy.
I'll never forget how he looked, standing on the threshold in his intimidating coat, holding a worn page from a notebook in his hand, blackened from sitting in my wallet for four years. His curls were blown into a riot by the wind, his cheekbones were framed by his upturned collar. His eyes were fierce.
“Well”, Sherlock says, still in his haughty voice, “I certainly could have told you that.” He meets John's gaze from the corner of his eyes, the candlelight glistening in them and a meaningful smile playing on his lips.
“I owe you a fall”, Moriarty said quietly. Though he was much shorter, he seemed big and imposing when his gaze raked over Sherlock, taking everything in as if it was all his.
I'm not sure what to make of that. I'm actually not sure what to make of any of this. If Holm William wants to become my friend, it seems odd to do that by lying down in my bed without exchanging more than one word beforehand. And if this is meant to be a night-wooing, it's clear that Holm William has never done it before; he unconcernedly bypasses almost every etiquette around the whole thing, including the pretty fundamental one that you're supposed to do it with a girl. Still, he knows what's supposed to happen; he knows the verses, and he knows enough not to crawl in under my blankets.
Up, up, up he flew, and the audience was clapping on the other side of the curtain. They loved it, they loved him, they wanted more, more, more!
Maybe it's the palpable promise of spring in the air that makes me forgive just about anything. It's the day of Valborg and the sun is out, fooling everyone into leaving their houses without hats and gloves. As I walk towards the village hall in the evening, half a step behind Harriet and our parents, my fingers are already stiff with cold – and this might just be the only day of the year when I honestly don't mind it.
The first notes from the piano echoed beautifully in the large room. Molly raised her chin and started singing, her tone thin and clear.
For every time John would have taken Sherlock's hand but doesn't, his heart hardens painfully in his chest. For every time Sherlock doesn't meet his eyes, the worry in John's stomach spreads.
Martha took a step back, looking him over. He was dressed in white for the finale; a corset with golden ornaments left his shoulders bare, showing off Moriarty's diamond necklace. He wore a pair of small, white shorts, hugging the shape of him tightly and exposing his long legs. Thin, golden chains were attached to the fabric, hanging around his legs as a suggestion of a skirt. His head was still burdened by the Hindu crown. He was absolutely beautiful, but he also looked as though he wouldn't be able to carry the heavy jewels much longer.
They made their way through the suits to one of the side doors. Sherlock's arms dangled over his head at an uncomfortable angle. His hat had fallen from his head, making him look strangely naked with his black hair slicked back to expose his unconscious face.
They look at each other for one second before they explode into laughter. Every bit of tension leaks out of John's body and he rolls onto his back. Sherlock chuckles against his chest, and John holds on to his unruly hair as if trying to hold on to sanity. It really is his best friend – his bright, witty best friend – that he's holding in his arms.
I climbed the stairs to the second floor a dozen seconds after him, too nervous to feel the prickling sensation of Moriarty's eyes on me. When I entered the corridor upstairs I saw a door shut. I opened it and found Sherlock standing in a cupboard that was nearly empty, except for some cleaning supplies standing in a corner and looking lost.
He stared at me for a few moments. His scowl lessened but his face was still hard and sullen. “Fine”, he finally said.
I avoided them as well as I could for the rest of the day. Not once did I permit my eyes to land on Sherlock, but that didn't mean that I didn't see him constantly, lurking in the edges of my vision. He was dressed just like me, in his best suit, all sharp black lines hugging him flatteringly, and a crisp white shirt underneath. He kept the jacket on all day.
The ease of their teasing talk, their shining eyes and wide smiles almost remind John of flirting. He has never been like that with a friend before. But Sherlock is such an intense person; everything about him is bound to be intense. Where ordinary friends ask about the workday and smile politely, Sherlock's every word is hypnotising and his smiles mesmerising. Sherlock is no ordinary man, and so their friendship is bound to be a singular one.
John walks over and places a hand on the hot skin of his neck. Sherlock's head falls back the way it always does, the way it always has done. John leans down and gives him a kiss, and everything slots into place like the last piece of a thousand-piece puzzle, finally bringing the picture into harmony. It's the ultimate culmination of everything he's always been aching for – and even then, it's not enough.
, this silent, solid love. Sherlock never feels that he has deserved this look. In fact,he's started to think that maybe that's what love actually is; the affection which is constant regardless of whether the object of the affection “deserves” it or not.
Unlike you, however, I think I will deliver this letter. There are a few things I have been wanting to tell you, and upon watching your sleeping face, I find myself unable to wait any longer. I have long ago accepted the fact that I will never be able to convey my love for you, but perhaps my gratitude is an easier matter. I want to thank you, John, for waiting for me.
I like seeing you move. Sometimes when you walk through the room, it makes me feel off-kilter, but then it settles. It takes a bit for my body to remember what it's like when yours is there, but when it does remember, it feels right.
I stopped just behind his back, close enough to feel the electricity from his skin through the thin silk of his shirt. His smell was humid, tinged with fresh sweat.
“It’s really quite simple. In actuality, we have already decided, haven’t we? We would not have taken our discussions this far if we didn’t both feel that
I mean she's great. Supportive. Didn't even blame me for cheating on her, which makes me feel like crap. I don't deserve her. No idea how I have managed to get such a wonderful woman. She's far too good for me, and if I want to keep her, I'd better be very careful. Can't believe I'm putting this genuinely good person through something like this, and over someone like
John tilts his head to the side. Looks at his own faint reflection in the dark window glass without really seeing it. He still feels warm from the nest of blankets on Sherlock's sofa. There's a quiet sort of glow in his entire body, concentrated in a little bundle inside his chest. He always feels like this when he's been with his best friend – this smiling sensation right behind his breastbone seems to belong to Sherlock.
A large fist crashed into my cheek, and when they let me go, I fell onto the wet cobblestones outside my own building.
His face was a deep scowl, and he must have thought that it hid him well, but it didn't. Not at all. Seeing him tell this story for the first and only time was like seeing right into him, bloody guts and battered heart, and it was unbearable.
I looked at Sherlock's face, but Sherlock wasn't there any more. I could feel him being torn away from me, as if my heart were being physically ripped out of my chest. I nearly screamed in sheer pain. Tears were flooding my face, and I rocked back and forth, holding his body close to me, as if soothing him, as if lulling him to sleep.
We're nearing the end of the tune now. I grab the hat on a whim and put it on my head; William dances over and knocks it off again with his fist. Soling Jacob plays the last note, and in a rush of dance-euphoria, I spread my arms and throw them around William.
We spend some time talking, too. Or laughing, mostly. William seems so happy. His cheeks are enticingly red and when he laughs it's breathless. I soon discover that muffling his laugh with a kiss is the most delicious thing.
Instead of stepping back onto the ladder, Watson sits down on the side of Sherlock's narrow mattress.
I claim the floor fiercely. Again I take care to interact with the audience – I'm good at that, if I say so myself. I can make every girl hope that I'll reach out to her when I dance past, and every boy watch me carefully. Well, except for William, apparently; he has the nerve to look the other way when I dance past him. I spread my arms and spin right in front of him, my fingers flying inches from his face. He recoils in surprise and looks up at me. I make another slap in the air right above his head, and he looks into my eyes and laughs.
John sees his own hands reach out, grabbing Sherlock's shoulders while he scans his face. Sherlock looks normal, he looks
“There's a stain on it that he's trying to hide”, Sherlock whispered. “He lost it yesterday, and it ended up witnessing an encounter between Mary and her client – tragically, something unspeakable happened to it.”
She's wrong about Sherlock. I mean she's right, but she's wrong. I know I can't trust him. I know he has hurt me beyond repair. I know we can never get anything we had back. In that, she's right.
They spring into motion as one. John starts wrestling with the jumper he threw to the floor in a tangle. Sherlock snatches up his suit jacket and slips into the bathroom.
I stroked my hand over his bare backside, up the length of his spine. His skin was dry and hot. I slid my hands down again, almost too distracted by his indecent state of dress to notice him working on my belt. His flesh was so soft under my hands, so perfectly shaped for my palms, that it pained me; I couldn't find a way to get enough of it.
, John almost says, but holds it in to consider it . He soon feels a bit stupid for how very, almost
I looked like them the first time I visited the Moulin Rouge. I was dressed in Gregory's best suit; sharp angles of a black jacket over a crisp white shirt. My new friends had deemed everything I owned too shabby for a poetry reading with Sherlock, the apple of Holmes' eye. Stamford had arranged a private meeting for me with the top name of the Moulin Rouge – the obvious actor for the leading role in the musical. I was going to read my poetry to him, and he was going to be astounded by my genius and insist to Holmes that I write their show.
And the worst thing was that he was right. I couldn't say I hadn't been warned. I had seen him at his coldest, the calculating glint in his eye and the malicious words out his mouth. I had known from the start that acting was what he did, and he had proven to me exactly how good he was at giving men what he deduced they wanted. He had presented me with a man so perfect for me that I couldn't even have dreamt it up. I should have known it was too good to be true.
“It's great, John”, he told me softly. “I didn't mean to look at it, but once I'd started I honestly couldn't stop.”
John is trying to decide how to best extract himself from his position, when Sherlock's hand suddenly comes up to grab the arm John still has curled against his chest. Sherlock's annoyed groan vibrates against his stomach.
The windows have been dark for so long now that you can barely even imagine light in them. Although it hasn't been so very long since the Moulin Rouge was alive, it's as if nobody remembers anything other than these blighted shapes of a ghostly, abandoned bordello. When I look down into the dusty courtyard, it doesn't seem real that there once was a giant elephant there, majestically glowing with the lights of the night.
For just a moment, his hard mask seemed to crack. A small sound escaped him, something between a laugh and a sob. He bowed his head, but when he looked up again, there was no compassion on his face.
The first Saturday in August is warm and rich. The gardens are full of ripe vegetables, and every meal is based on the day's harvest. The summer still seems never-ending, although the nights are no longer bright all the way through. Still, the sun hasn't yet set when I walk towards Sidensjö with Mikael and Greger.
“It was the most frightening thing, because I knew that I would do whatever you asked me to. I turned you down in a panic and you were so kind and tolerant and respected my wish. I almost reached out for you to make you look again, make you claim me. It took you one year to do that, but it was worth it. I know we only had four months. But that doesn't make it less, it doesn't make it in any way insignificant, because there is not a second that I have known you and not cherished you.”
John had offered to come with Sherlock, of course. But really, he had to stay at home. The bathroom renovations were due to be be finished the same week, and at least one of them needed to be there to oversee the proceedings. Also, Sherlock had been in contact with an old beekeeper who had agreed to sell Sherlock her equipment and empty hives, and it had to be collected that same week. Sherlock had asked John to do it for him and gone away, not really grasping how long a week would be without his husband.
I finally looked over at Sherlock. He was warm from rehearsing and had thrown his suit jacket into a corner again, and his curls were slightly more wild than they were in the mornings. His crimson shirt made the pale skin of his exposed clavicles look positively edible. The luxurious silk fell around him as if loving his frame. The colour matched his lips.
He watched the movie in silence, although it was a bad one and he can't have paid it much attention. I didn't either. Him beside me on a sofa on Christmas, that was what mattered.
Molly was out of breath, her cheeks burning with indignation. She was speaking rapidly in French, syllables stumbling through her displeasure, and she frequently turned to me even though I didn't know what she was talking about.
I had seen that face before. It was the face of surrender to unspeakable storms raging inside a mortal body. The hue of his skin was sickly pale. His beautiful, sparkling eyes were unnaturally wide, too much white showing around the irises, the colour lurid in the sharp stage light.
It was haunting and dark. The blue spotlight bathed everything in coldness, making Sherlock look like ice. The number was borrowed from his
I tried to reach for him, but he shifted away, putting his feet on the floor on the opposite side of the bed.
Brushing one’s teeth with this amount of sexual tension in the room is a ridiculous affair. It is mildly surprising that the mirror doesn’t break from the glances Sherlock and John share in it.
I don't mean to. But with Sherlock, it's never what I planned. It's never the expected. And since this is what happens when I let go for just a second… well, does that mean it's the way it should be?
But still there's something seizing me, mind and body, when I enter a church. And that's when I think that really, it doesn't matter what I believe in. If there's a God, whatever that might be, they don't care that I'm not a righteous Christian and that I'm not so sure about everything I find in the Bible. Their love for the people – for
Their faces were so close that Sherlock could smell Moriarty's breath. He pulled back as far as he could, fighting the nausea. His lungs were frozen around a broken breath, preventing him from getting a word out.
Their crisis meeting gets postponed. Apparently, Tori's boring cat has had a fit and wrecked her flat while she was away, and she has to do a major cleaning before John can come. John follows Sherlock on a case instead, and while he's too tired to do much, it's reassuring to watch Sherlock work.
Sherlock's eyes were fixed on Moriarty's torso, avoiding those black eyes. He traced the sharp lines of the suit with cold fingers.
His eyes flew open. “The truth?” he gritted out. I shivered at the chilly determination on his face, suddenly so close. All I could do was nod mutely. “The truth is”, he said slowly, articulating every word, “that I
“I told you; it is dangerous for me to want that. Distracts me from the Work. Encourages dangerous habits.”
“In the curtain poles”, he says, trying to sound calm. “She'll have a hard time blaming that on the cat.”
Sherlock met the gaze of the middle image. He silently pleaded with the reflection, and the reflection silently pleaded with him, to make it stop somehow, to find another way. But the only thing they could do was stand straight in the suffocating corset, hold their head high and refuse to cry.
“Good.” I stopped beside him, too out of breath to properly speak. “That was ridiculous”, I managed, clutching my side.
Sherlock suddenly tears himself away from John's mouth, escaping to the space by his neck as if the pleasure is too much to bear. He pants against John's throat, making John's head desperately fall back and his jaw drop. John gasps for air, but he doesn't have a chance to catch his breath before Sherlock sucks at the sensitive skin. John can't help moaning loudly. How is it even possible that this mouth feels
I followed him out of the room. “I think it's safest not to put myself in the middle of your war with Anderson.”
His head fell back and he straightened, leaving me level with the dip between his collarbones. I touched my tongue to his skin. “Take them off”, he said.
I have never in my life been so hard without being touched except on my back, without being kissed except by hot breaths against my throat. He was rock hard underneath me, I was pressed against him as close as I could, and. It wasn't enough.
Because that is not how John Watson woos people. That is a juvenile sort of flirting that only children engage in, and he can't fool himself that that's how thirty-five-year-old John would behave if put in the same setting as thirteen-year-old Victor. Sherlock loathes himself for not deleting this episode from his life in the first place. It serves no purpose; as it never resolved in a kiss, it's not even worth keeping as a point of data for this pathetic exercise.
“No”, Holmes agreed, “it's nothing.” His voice was calm and smooth again, his eyes small and lifeless. “Go to the boy and tell him it's over.” Sherlock turned his face away. “Moriarty is expecting you in the tower at eight.”
“Holmes”, Moriarty said, not looking away from the beautiful man on stage. His face was tilted down, his gaze at Sherlock from under his lashes predatory and dangerous. “This ending will be rewritten. The Dancer will choose the Maharajah. And there will be no secret song.”
; this time I suspect he's trying to thank me for my efforts without choking up. I try not to blush.
me, my latest night-wooing failures notwithstanding, and I like them – it wouldn't be difficult to find a nice one.
John had thought that since New Year is a bit of a special time for them, being their anniversary, Sherlock wouldn’t forget that the holiday was upon them the way he used to. Three years ago, the great detective almost missed the most important clue on a case because he was unaware of the date. The two years to follow have been… well, romantic in their own ways, and Sherlock has been pretty keen on kissing at midnight.
The group disappeared into the door of my building. I went back to my typewriter and tried to focus, but I kept listening for a low timbre in the laughs from upstairs. I kept imagining Sherlock there, talking and drinking and… what would he be like at a party? Would he be the Sparkling Diamond with flirty smiles and throaty voice, or would he be the man with the piercing stare who had asked me about Afghanistan, when he had no reason to know I was an ex-soldier?
The first thing he's aware of is the humid heat against his breastbone. It blooms across his chest, withdraws a tiny bit, then blooms again in a hypnotic rhythm. It matches the rise and fall of John's arms around the body he's holding. And that must be where the lovely smell comes from; it feels like waking up in a bloody soap factory, only a million times better. No soap producer could imitate this kind of scent, desperately though they're trying.
As soon as I had found him, I forced myself to look away. When I crossed the floor to the stage, I felt oddly self-conscious, prepared for the possibility that he might watch me when I walked.
Sherlock looks up to find John gazing at him. He is not quite smiling, caught instead in the moment just before a smile; when his eyes have already started shining softly but his mouth has not yet begun to stretch. This is a new look on John's face that Sherlock never saw before they got engaged. It still makes him flustered. John often tells Sherlock that he loves him; but words can be thrown out carelessly, and they can be lies. This look cannot. This look on John's face is nothing but evidence.
“Well”, he said, inspecting the pictures on the wall even as he addressed Sherlock. “Here we are at last. You and me, my little Virgin, and our problem – the final problem.”
“Right.” John sits back and pops a bit of fortune cookie into his mouth. It really does taste like paper. “Well, we can't all be geniuses.”
I can tell that John is hungry. Probably needs to go to the bathroom too. I ask him if he would like me to hold her while he takes care of his own needs.
And Mycroft. I saw him at the funeral. He looked the same as he always does. Didn't say a word to anyone. Just sat there and stared. He must've been so bored.
He looks radiant. That small smile is impossible to eliminate, and it smooths out the lines and worries on his skin. He has never looked quite so young, he has never looked so…
William presses his lips hard against mine. When he ends the kiss he hides his face against my neck and winds his arms around me tightly. His fingertips bore into my back. And that's the first time I ever have the thought that this summer will one day come to an end.
He never dreamed that someone like John would suddenly see him without even the slightest nudge. Just see him, right there in their kitchen, when he’s occupied with something else entirely.
I closed my eyes, but opened them again when I only saw Sherlock's face before me. Shy eyes following me from across a dance floor.
Sherlock closes his mouth and bites his lips. John has no idea of the fire he is playing with. He will find out soon enough, though.
Sherlock presses his lips together. “You do realise that it is completely arbitrary who gets which cookie, don't you.”
Sherlock is lying on the sofa, glancing at John over the top of his magazine. John sighs; no compliments here, of course.
But it could never be any other way with Sherlock. They belong together. They belong in a way beyond words, beyond wishes and intentions. They belong together as a matter of fact, and no one can change it, not even themselves.
“He's not what he said he would be. He's not. I mean, it would be fine, we're all nervous, we're all trying different things, but he just won't
As I was looking away to hide my wet eyes, it took me a while to realise that he was sitting at the table by the typewriter. This unfinished script lay by his elbow.
Sherlock is squirming on the bed now, and he whines so loudly that he has to laugh. “How did you-”, he gets out in the middle of what is either laughing or moaning; he isn’t sure any more. “Help!”
No, Mycroft would straighten things out with Moriarty later. For now, a nice payback would be appropriate. He wondered what he had to do to make the rude army man embarrassed and uncomfortable enough to leave by his own volition.
Sherlock's head falls down onto the armrest of the sofa with a thud. He is mortified to realise that he's been craning his neck, begging for kisses that only exist in his mind.
coming in with the air. He pulled back to gasp out a breath, then came back, and back again. Over and over, he kissed me, taking deep breaths in between.
She tilted her head at him, giving him a smile that was almost one of pride. Then she went away, leaving Moriarty with his eyes going between Sherlock on stage and the writer beside it.
There's a ring on the doorbell, and the sound of the door opening, Molly's and Greg's voices drifting up the stairwell.
But it seems as though in this house, the normal rules no longer apply. When they are at the dinner table, and Sherlock hasn't touched his food for thirty minutes, and Mummy has embarrassed him by forbidding him to leave the table until he has eaten at least half of his meal, John is left alone with him and smiling in a way that makes it difficult to keep sulking. John shifts his legs under the table. One of his knees ends up pressed against Sherlock's, warm and solid.
John tries to be upset at being manipulated into blowing his boyfriend through some gate on bloody New Year's. But he makes the mistake of meeting Sherlock's gaze, and then it takes them precisely two seconds to start laughing. They fall against the iron bars on either side of the gate, giggling into each other's ears.
Soling Jacob and William are still playing when there are only two couples left on the dance floor; Täpp Lisa and I, and another couple. The four of us keep trading dance partners so that no one dances with anyone for too long, until Lisa tells me she's too tired to keep dancing. They're all neighbours, it turns out, who always walk each other home after a dance. We bid each other a good night, and the three of them leave the dance barn.
He twisted restlessly in his seat. John noticed, and he must have deduced something from that because occasionally he smiled to himself when Sherlock squirmed.
“Good evening”, Sherlock whispered, the harsh sound echoing between stone walls. “I hope I have not kept you waiting.”
At three fifteen, John is in the middle of grocery shopping when he hears his name called. A dramatic figure comes rushing towards him through the Tesco aisle, the big coat flaring like the flag on a pirate ship.
“Look at the hem of that curtain.” Sherlock's face is still set in the hard angles of investigation. “What do you see?”
Speaking as the Hindu Dancer, those words were softer, not as contemptuous. Still, I felt too much like myself when I looked into his eyes and gave the Penniless Sitar-Player's answer.
I look over Mikael's shoulder at the fiddlers. What my friend sees in my face in this moment I don't know, but he chuckles and leaves me standing there. Holm William looks back at me again from the dance floor. I might have imagined the raised eyebrow, but anyhow it finally spurs me into action. Straightening my spine and broadening my shoulders I go and look for someone to dance with.
When he continued, the conductor rose his baton, and the orchestra started playing gently to his words.
No one was moving, really, and still everything was happening, pulsing between our bodies, the heat becoming more intimate, the sweat making our skin sticky, quickening breathing. My hands went into his hair, purposely messing it up. This is
Sherlock's breath quiets in his chest, flowing carefully through his nose in reverent silence. He wants to get closer, but it seems so daring to ask for more than this; the one thing that he has never had and always wondered about. Just when one of John's hands moves to touch his hair, there is a call from the house.
Sherlock keeps his eyes firmly closed. “It is really not necessary”, he says, endearingly businesslike.
I willed that day to play out differently. I went over every scenario, I fixed it a thousand times. It was hard, because most of what happened I didn't even understand, but I did it anyway. I lay in my bed and closed my eyes and folded my hands in prayer. I didn't pray to God, I prayed to
John does his best to look dignified and unmoved at those moments. All he really wants to do is overpower Sherlock and tickle his belly until the scowl is wiped away and he screams with laughter.
when something wasn't right. What Sherlock did with deductions, I did with a fine-tuned sense of where I was needed. I tore the door to the castle open, and only spent a second eyeing the two staircases before randomly choosing one.
On the threshold, Moriarty turned to him one last time. “It will be beyond your imagination, Virgin. Daddy promises!” The door shut behind him.
Please know that I value your contribution to the work tremendously. I also treasure your presence in 221B more than I can currently convey.
When John kisses Sherlock's cheek, he realises that he normally monitors himself closely during mornings like these, making sure not to fall for an impulse like that. He feels slightly silly for it now – it's just a kiss on the cheek. He's always wanted to do it –
When I can almost hear him whimper I let him go, resting my forehead on his breastbone. William gasps for breath beneath me. I fight not to groan in frustration and wait quietly for the fire within me to fade – enough for us to start all over again.
“Hey, why did you come to my house?” My voice is hushed like a Midsummer sunset. “That first Sunday? You didn't know me then.”
He was so focused on saving himself, grabbing for the first available female to prove he didn't want the bloody love of his life. So scared, so confused, so busy not allowing himself to think beyond his orgasms that he didn't notice Sherlock was hurting. He wasn't even in love with her, stayed just to prove a point that no one except him cared about. He isn't sure even his upbringing by a homophobic father justifies the way his best friend's heartbreak slipped his mind.
“There are certain things I will not want to do for some time… at least for the duration of our stay here. But other things are not as clear to me.”
Everyone is pissed off with Sherlock. He doesn't let anyone in on what he's doing, even tries to shake John off. His sudden shift from the impulsive joy in the office to the snarling rudeness now, means that he must have heard John's conversation with Donovan. He must be embarrassed too; he was the one who hugged John.
A long finger briefly joined my cock in his mouth, then his hand slid in between my thighs. I unashamedly raised my knee to let him slide his finger into me. I broke away for a long, helpless moan when his fingertip pressed just
At this point, I couldn't stop dancing if I wanted to. Thirst, fatigue and lack of fresh air all become secondary to the heat in my muscles and the triple time beat in my feet. Täpp Lisa and I move into our fifth dance together, and Holm William dives into a hauntingly despairing melody. My world narrows down to the dramatic pulse of the polska, the acute feel of William's gaze on my skin and the red skirt in the edge of my vision.
“Don't worry, Shakespeare!” Her sharp voice echoed in the subdued room. “You'll get your endin'!” She smiled widely with wicked eyes and leaned in. Her breath smelled sourly of alcohol. “Once Moriarty gets his…
There is no mistaking this. John looks at him as though he is a wonder, as if he cannot believe his luck sitting here with Sherlock eating his morning eggs.
John laughs and pours cream into the frying pan. It hisses loudly when it hits the hot iron, making conversation momentarily difficult.
“She gave me the wrong key”, John bites out. “Sherlock is locked inside her wall and she gave me the keys to her bloody car.”
“No, let me come through!” I struggled, but my limbs wouldn't move as they should. “Please… Sherlock-”
Sherlock suspects that he is supposed to say something. The room has gone silent. Even the wind has stilled.
“You know”, John pants into the open collar of Sherlock’s shirt. “For not having sex, this feels an awful lot like having sex.”
TW: Attempted rape (not very graphic) and violence. If you have any questions about the specifics, or want to skip the chapter and need a summary of what happens, don't hesitate to contact me (email address in profile). Stay safe!
is the most popular folk dance in Sweden. And no wonder – it's magical, if you ask me! It has a triple time beat, and usually the emphasis is on the first and third beats. There's generally a lot of improvisation in Swedish folk dance; nothing is choreographed, it's a couple's dance and the one who leads decides when to do what. Here's
I lay down on top of him, but he had barely wrapped his arms around me before he scoffed in displeasure.
“Have you been swimming yet?” I ask him. It's a mundane question, but the beauty of the night makes my voice hushed and intimate.
Sherlock's hum could mean anything. John doesn't know what to say about it, how to thank Sherlock for saving his life, for giving him a reason to live for another whole year.
I don't dare look away. It feels as though I am gazing straight into the sun, but I keep looking because for her it must be even more daunting. I do not want to let her down by being so much less brave than she is.
It meant nothing. I'd seen Sherlock's work; I knew what he could do. He could take on any role, and there wouldn't be a single gap where Sherlock Holmes shone through. He could transform himself completely, he was a master of every tiny muscle in his body and on his face.
I had my back to the chamber, the nearly suffocating décor and the large bed with covers and pillows in red and gold. Staring at it didn't help when I tried to prepare myself for seeing Sherlock again. Instead I was looking out over the Moulin Rouge garden. The jangle of the partying people sounded faded and distant from far below, but the rhythm of the night still permeated the elephant. The back of the windmill glowed in red, and behind it, against the clean dark blue of the sky, I could see the tall building where I lived. My window at the top looked small, deserted and insignificant, the red blades obscuring it at every turn.
“Put the damn knife down”, I told him, gun still aimed at the woman. Sherlock turned to look at me for the first time.
Where Sherlock had underestimated the rich duke, Holmes knew exactly what he was dealing with. Where Sherlock had miscalculated Moriarty's motives, Holmes had been aware of them from the start. Where Sherlock had missed the fact that he was in the middle of a dangerous game, Holmes knew how to play.
– it shouldn't feel so fucking good. When Sherlock's tongue flicks against John's lips, John breaks away.
The rehearsals were finished for the day, and the coffee room was empty. People were bustling about in the adjacent rooms and halls, preparing to go home or, if the Moulin Rouge was their home, to spend the evening in more comfortable attire. Some were changing into corsets and suspenders for their night clients, hurrying across the courtyard to the windmill in front.
“Sherlock” – it claws at his vocal cords. It slams against the walls, leaving marks on the wallpaper.
“We could leave the Moulin Rouge.” When I spoke the words, I felt them releasing something that had been painfully tied in my guts. My vision cleared at the possibilities, and what had only been a vague hope before I spoke now seemed like the most obvious solution.
I was still awake, fingers resting on my typewriter keys without any words coming forth. I rose reflexively when he entered, walking up to him without knowing what to say.
My room grew brighter and the golden sun turned white. I wrote and wrote, barely looking up from my typewriter until every word had found its place. Then I ripped the sheet out and took it with me upstairs.
It was intoxicating, being with him on stage when he embodied my words. What he did with them was so much more than I could have imagined when I wrote them. It must take tremendous work, yet seemed effortless – and so, I followed him effortlessly over the stage.
The tension between them is palpable. John’s smile is apprehensive, as if he half expects Sherlock to push him up against a wall and… well, either shout at him or snog the living lights out of him.
“I'm sorry”, I said, “but I didn't know he would come here. I was told there was a private meeting arranged between us.”
So he keeps talking. John is curled in on himself in that adorable way he has when he sleeps sometimes. He drifts closer to Sherlock, pulled in by the warmth maybe, or the familiarity of his voice.
I looked around, feeling confusedly out of place. To my left I discovered Stamford, watching me knowingly. I opened my mouth to speak, but then he raised his arm, handing me my cane.
“I do hope that you find amusement in our little rehearsals”, Holmes said politely. “Naturally, everything is arranged for that special supper in the Gothic tower tonight.”
“I’m starting to think that way is better”, John says instead. “Only to bother if someone is worth it, I mean. And otherwise just leave the whole thing.”
When it's William's turn, of course he manages it without breaking a sweat. He kicks the hat off the stick neatly and lands on the floor with grace; he doesn't need even a second to compose himself before dancing on.
The most beautiful of all these was the man I loved. He was the brightest burning, the star of the Moulin Rouge. He was the sharpest edge, and they called him the Sparkling Diamond. He sang like an angel, he danced like the devil, he sold his love to men.
Our breathing was loud in the half-darkness. Our laughter drew us into one another, and I found myself leaning towards his hot, heaving shoulders. I breathed in the sound of his quiet laugh until I could feel it inside my own chest. He bowed his head, chuckling down at his feet, and his heavy breaths brushed my face. I lost the sense of how close I was standing, the fast rush of my blood making me feel light-headed and surreal.
I don't know anything about what happened, apart from what Sherlock himself has already told the press. I wasn't in on this plan. As you can probably understand, this has all been hard on me, and I ask you to respect my wish to be kept out of this circus. No, I will not be moving back to Baker Street, and no, I will not “pick up my association with Sherlock Holmes”, as one reporter so tactfully put it. I have left that time in my life behind me and moved on.
John plays irresponsibly with this new weapon of his. When they are snogging; when they are talking; when they are trying to prepare food, John will lean forward and whisper into Sherlock’s ear:
No. You don't get to do that. You don't get to come here, after three years, and tell me I'm irrational for being upset about this. Emotions are not a flaw, Sherlock. They are what allows us to be compassionate and care for other people. But of course you wouldn't understand that, because you need to “think clearly” – well, look where it gets us.
John wakes up alone. He stretches with his eyes still closed, imagining his hands bumping into skin, but Sherlock is gone. He opens his eyes, watching his hand rest on the space where his body lay, and he already longs for tomorrow morning. Maybe Sherlock will lie in with him then.
“Well, the house is about five times as large as this one, for starters. And there are several smaller houses surrounding it.” Sherlock catches John raising his eyebrows. “What?”
“Yes, yes, everyone is grateful and happy, aren't they. Boring.” His eyes lingered on a poster for a Sparkling Diamond show, featuring a beautiful drawing of Sherlock on his trapeze. “In return I want access to the Gothic tower every night.” He looked over Holmes' shoulder to the window. The grey stone castle stood across the courtyard, its high windows reflecting the clouded morning sky, keeping the interior secret. “And every night at eight”, Moriarty added, “your cherished little Virgin will be sent to me.”
When Sherlock moves slightly, John doesn't think about it at first. He feels his friend's soft lips tense a bit, forming themselves after the curve of John's mouth before relaxing again. It isn't until Sherlock pulls back an inch and then immediately comes back, softly pressing his lips against John's before ending it again with a quiet pop, that John really takes note of it. This is new.
Moriarty lifted his face from Sherlock's neck, meeting his gaze. Sherlock kept the frown away from his face.
“Of course it is.” His eyes are fierce. “We will have the ceremony by the lake – where we met during the Midsummer night-wooing. Soling Jacob will be the witness, and Soling Alfred can officiate the wedding.”
There is no way to gather the data needed to make an informed decision. They can discuss every angle of their relationship and hypothesise the outcome of a romantic endeavour, but they will never be able to prove their theories.
I patted the seat beside me. Sherlock huffed in annoyance and stalked over to it without removing his coat, sinking low into the seat and folding his arms. “Let's just continue”, I said to the others.
John kisses the same way he rests his palm between Sherlock’s shoulder blades, pressing gently to guide him.
I haven't made it through a single whole night in my old bed so I'm not even trying. We sleep, ridiculously far apart given the fact that we're in the same bed.
The ninth year, new memories are becoming visible within the rooms of 221B. There is sunlight in the corners and a certainty in the three bodies' movement around each other. At Rosie's third birthday they make an excursion to the park, and Sherlock pretends to be bored but when Rosie sits in his arms and asks him about the ducks, he holds her tightly and goes on and on, presenting every duck fact he can dig out of his mind palace. Rosie listens with a focus she only ever gives her Papa. John watches Sherlock's face, graver and more careful than before everything happened, but also soft with love he doesn't conceal any more.
“And I think you would look even better without it.” Sherlock blinks rapidly and hurries to continue: “I mean. It hides your fitness, I cannot fathom why you would- Never mind.”
They got married at the register office with only two witnesses present (Lestrade and Stamford). Sherlock had intended their kiss to be quick, mostly a symbol of their union, as they were standing in front of the boring officiant having just signed the unromantic papers. But John cupped Sherlock's face in the palms of his hands and brought their lips together slowly, languorously, and Sherlock could almost feel in the palms of John's hands how much he enjoyed it. Mortifyingly,Sherlock’s vision almost went black and he swayed dangerously on the carpet, something John unfortunately noticed. Hehas been trying to recreate it ever since, apparently determined to one day cause Sherlock to actually keel over.
Sherlock puts him down again, drawing back for a beaming smile that nearly floors John. Then Sherlock whirls around with a flare of the coat he's too snobby to take off, and John tears his eyes off him to meet Donovan's gaze.
There are steps on the stairs; John coming down from his bedroom. Sherlock shoots up from the sofa, his erection painfully hard, and shuts himself in his bedroom.
Our kiss broke and we stared at each other. The colour was high on Sherlock's cheekbones and his hair was a complete tangle. How loud had we been? Our laughter must have been heard by some of the neighbours, if not all.
“Fine. Yes.” His voice too has dropped. It's so low I can almost feel the vibrations in my mattress. “But you asked about me too.”
No matter how long I dance, I can't shake the feeling that William is still playing for me the entire time. The tunes he chooses grow more and more plaintive and slow, keeping the dance barn in the quivering, quiet space between an inhalation and an exhalation. The spell of the bright Midsummer night seeps into the dance barn through little gaps in the walls. Then William plays the first, mournful tones of a tune I know from before.
“I don't mind, Sherlock”, I interrupted. “I know the script by heart, it's not a problem.” Sherlock's jaw clenched hard, making the angles of his face even sharper. “What scene is it?”
Sherlock's brows drew together in pain, and the tears ran steadily down his face. “You should have said something.”
Sherlock fights to remain impassive, but a smile is tugging on the corners of his lips. “One of my more artistic efforts, I thought.”
And if sometimes, John buries his nose in it before he falls asleep, well. Sherlock's hair products are expensive. It smells nice.
It feels like the sudden appearance of sun at the end of a gloomy November. When you have all but forgotten what sunlight looks like and simply adjusted to life in cloudy dusk. Without warning, the sun finds a gap in the clouds and pours life right into you.
Sherlock's lips are the softest I have ever kissed. They are another part of the Sherlock contradiction; the words his mouth forms can be hard as rock, precise and unrelenting, but under my lips his mouth felt smooth and pliant, yielding to my every move.
I'm dragging our old Christmas tree behind me in the mud. It's been standing askew in our garden since Saint Knut's Day, when we threw Christmas out of our house. There is not a single needle left on the tree now.
There was a horrible silence broken only by a single voice yelling Sherlock's name. His clothes glistened like a falling star when he neared the empty circle of the hard floor beneath him.
“How-” I didn't bother to keep my voice calm any more, the pitch rising when I spoke. “How can he do that? How can he
“Ha!” Gregory suddenly called out. His voice rang alone in the large hall. No one else moved. “I am not fooled!” he went on. “She may have adopted a disguise, and dressed herself like a man to escape my mighty power. But my eyes do not lie! For it is she – the Penniless Sitar-Player!”
But on the other hand, John isn't moving away either. That should mean it's fine. Either this is a platonic cuddle that John doesn't mind, or it's a romantic cuddle that John desires – either way, all fine. Still, Sherlock feels utterly exposed within the safe cocoon of John's arms. He wants so badly to pull back. But the seconds tick by, and all the while
he has to show up. Whatever he's doing, he always comes before it's too late. I'm starting to think he might have done that if I'd been in mortal danger at some point during those three years too, like he's my personal angel.
John looked out the train window with quiet breath and bright eyes. Sherlock stared at him for seventeen minutes before finally taking his hand.
“Oh”, Moriarty was breathing inside the room. “Beautiful. Bless you!” His voice sounded even more disconcerting like this, riding some emotion that didn't sound like genuine admiration to me, but something dark and intangible.
He hastily put his coat on and opened the door. But he halted in the doorway, half-turning, showing me the sharp profile of his face.
The days have grown warm, but the evenings can still be surprisingly chilly. Holm William complains about it outside my door.
I've never seen him so sexy, which says an awful lot. But never mind that; I've also never seen him so
“Um, John, don't you think it's time to buy a new phone?” Tori raises her eyebrows at him teasingly when she picks up his mobile to check the time.
I step out the door. There is a palpable sigh of relief in the air when police officers and medical personnel see me. The night air is chilly through my shirt-sleeves but I never want this jacket back. I want it to protect her for all time.
Sherlock keeps coming back to this day. When he doesn't pay attention, his mind wanders there, and he cannot shake the feeling that he should have done something differently all those months ago. That this day is when he had the chance to choose the right path, and because he chose the wrong one, he cannot now steer himself back in the direction he was supposed to go.
want. But I didn't want to do what everyone else did to him every night, intruding and taking as if it didn't matter what they gave back.
I held still, letting him get used to me, staying in the unspeakable intimacy and pleasure. I held still until he started writhing and finally let out a closed-mouthed moan.
He can almost hear Sherlock's deep laugh in the dull roar of the engine. Even now, he can almost feel Sherlock against him. Beneath him on the sofa.
I slid my hands up the outside of his long legs. I could barely fit under the skirt, it was so tight. I found the waistband of his stockings and lingerie, hooked my fingers inside them and slowly slid them down. His hips lifted obscenely to help, his bulge visible under the shimmering purple. I watched the black silk reveal inch upon inch of his pale legs, kissing lightly when I saw a mole too beautiful to leave alone. Then I saw another, almost hidden in the shadows of his upper thighs, and had to kiss that one as well.
John chuckles. He tips his head back, beaming at Sherlock. The mere sight of his smug grin makes Sherlock roll his eyes.
“Oh.” Sherlock has no memory of doing that. He spins in a half-circle on the spot, making his coat swirl around his legs to hide his mortification. “Car?”
One week later, Sherlock is confident that the bees have decided to live in his hive. He watches them fly around John’sflowers in the evening sun, feeling oddly honoured that they chose to stay here with him.
The conversation is gleaming. Jokes and teasing fall from John's lips and Sherlock's chuckles grow smoother. All the force of his striking, pale eyes is constantly focused on John alone.
“Of course.” For a moment, I'm surprised at my own surprise. It's never even occurred to me that two boys can dance together. When I still hesitate, William adds: “You can lead.”
John Watson is watching him. His eyes are almost black in the night, glittering like stars. The look on his face is open and considering, and while Sherlock watches him, Watson's gaze roams once over his body. Sherlock's face heats; he's not sure how much the night really conceals.
High heels clicked against the hardwood dance floor when Sherlock hurried through the room, his long coat billowing unbuttoned around the purple dress. He was alone for the first time that day, but by the looks of it, he wouldn't be for much longer.
And now he finds himself living with a crazy flatmate and being so swept away with their adventures that he's practically forgotten that he should be looking for that a woman.
Sherlock ends up telling John more about Serbia than he ever thought he would speak out loud. John tells him about his two years of grief in return. In the end it feels more like something they suffered together than something that tore them apart.
Our life is settling into a new routine. John's focus is on her at all times; he has the responsibility for her and every decision is ultimately his. He feeds her, changes her nappies and bathes her. As for me, my focus is also on her at all times only I am more surreptitious about it. I hold her whenever I get the chance, and I clean, cook and do the shopping when John is unable to. Even this I do not mind; I constantly crave being useful to John and to her. Whenever he asks me for help I find myself shooting up from my chair in something childishly similar to excitement.
, moving over the soft notes, and when I caught sight of his face, there was the tiniest hint of a smile behind his closed eyes.
I stroked my hands up the insides of his coat lapels, gripping them, pulling him in. Touching my forehead to his, letting myself inhale the intoxicating scent at the side of his nose before kissing him.
He rose from the bed, and I watched his handsome back as he walked across the floor. He clearly didn't need help to find out where I kept my shirts, so I went back to writing, relishing the sounds of a man moving in my room while I worked. When I next looked up, he was wearing an oversized shirt that reached below his pelvis.
– isn't conditional that way. When I'm in church I feel welcome there, even with my own undefined sort of faith. And so I feel comforted by the familiar melodies of the hymns.
Sherlock stood before the three-piece mirror in his dressing room. He was fully dressed in his slim coat, a black top hat, and gloves. His make-up was thick, making his face intimidating with hard black eyes, ghostly white skin, and blood-red lips. He dabbed at his chin with a handkerchief to wipe away a stubborn, stray tear.
I am a soldier, a doctor and a poet. I have skirted the edges of death in the hot sand of Afghanistan, and I have fought it in sterile hospital rooms, saving those who should have been taken. I have held my heart in my bare hands and watched it die with the last breath of my beloved. And yet, I still don't know much about death.
“In order to save his kingdom, the Hindu Dancer has to seduce the Evil Maharajah. But on the night of the seduction, the Maharajah is occupied with an execution, to accomplish his evil ways. Instead, the Dancer happens upon a young woman, a penniless wr-” I quickly swept my gaze around the room, seeing a sitar in a corner. “-a penniless sitar-player. He hears her play, and he can't help falling in love with her.”
I remained in the doorway for a second. I had to make myself breathe in and breathe out with exaggerated control, to conceal the chaos in my guts and keep my face soldier-stoic. I stared at him, daring him to look away.
“Oh, hello dear”, she smiled, before walking up to the big table where there was still coffee and baguettes left from that afternoon.
No matter. John apparently feels safe enough in his company that he can fall asleep like this, and Sherlock enjoys listening to his calm breathing.
“Ungrateful boy”, Holmes spat. “I have built this entire show around you. I found you a patron who will do anything for you. In return, I only ask that you do your job.”
“I know, but there’s no way to gather data without risking everything already. Once we cross that line…”
Playful though he is, William is clearly set on winning – but so am I. He executes a perfect jump off two feet, slapping both his heels at the same time before landing again with enviable grace. I immediately do the same, using all my strength; I hardly look as graceful as he, but I end up jumping higher, and people shout and whistle.
Sherlock half-expected him to have changed his mind. John’s unhesitating welcome, even though he hoped for it, throws him off. It feels as though reality itself has shifted into something just barely recognisable.
“I don’t have to. To me it’s not a big deal. We’ve already crossed the line, and it’s no different if we go all the way now. You decide the pace.”
“You deserve so much more, Sherlock”, I said, trying to put the embrace into my words instead. “You deserve
William stands with his feet planted in the sand. His arms hang at his sides and his posture is no longer shy. I stop beside him and look out over the water. The surface is completely calm now the rain has stopped, reflecting the magic of the sky. The sun is gone, but it's still casting the most amazing colours onto the sky above the mountains. I'm starting to think that it will never stop; that this night has decided to last forever for William and me.
“Well, well”, she said, eyes trailing from my face down the open collar of my shirt and then back up. “Hello again.”
“Plus I’ve never… you know. With a man.” John frowns. “It’s very hard to know what that will be like. For me.”
John shifts subtly. A few inches to the left puts his right thigh just barely between Sherlock's legs. Sherlock tries to pretend this isn't unbearably arousing.
Sherlock looked immortal in his happiness. His skin was aglow with it, and his voice filled the theatre, sounding more clear and full than ever before. Never had I seen him so unguarded, not even asleep in my bed. This was Sherlock letting go of everything, telling the world who he was, and doing it as if it was
I pushed all the way in, breath stuttering, hands coming up to grasp his. He twined our fingers together and held on tightly, straining his neck to raise his head and kiss me.
The word tore itself free from Sherlock's throat. In the trembling silence that followed, all that could be heard was the groan of the turning windmill blades.
But Sherlock is already halfway down the stairs. The bang of the front door is loud in the empty house, and John's cup of tea feels oddly dismal.
The air stilled in my lungs. The man was dressed ordinarily in a white shirt and dark trousers, and at this distance it was difficult to tell if it was him. But those curls. They were hard to miss even from the fourth floor.
Finally, John's hands are pinned above his head. He looks up at Sherlock's flushed face, their panting breaths mingling in the air, the growing bulge of Sherlock's crotch gloriously pressed against his own. “Happy New Year, John”, Sherlock says in a breathy voice. When they kiss, Sherlock's mouth opens immediately, and John moans into it.
John breathes a curse and follows Sherlock around a dark corner, a splash of dirty rainwater soaking his jeans when Sherlock runs through a puddle. The only things John is aware of are his legs working so hard he can't feel it any longer, his breath cutting through his lungs, his gun pressing into the small of his back, and Sherlock running in front of him.
“How far to the hotel?” John whispers unsteadily, his voice breaking through the last word in a pathetic little whine. He forgets to wait for an answer when Sherlock moves on to his other nipple and sucks.
The silence in the room is palpable, not even the sound of a breath audible. John moves on to Sherlock's nose, and they have done this before, but at this moment every tiny motion is thick with meaning, holding John's lungs frozen.
Oh, but she is so little. She has a hard time keeping her temperature up. To separate her from John's warm skin, to isolate her in fabric and blankets… I almost choke on the words before I get them out, afraid to overstep, afraid to assume – but she needs this, and I need this.
William's hand carefully moves up my arm, landing on my shoulder. “I have to go.” He whispers the words with his lips in my hair.
I couldn't resist borrowing a phrase from another old favourite song of mine… It's not even folk music, but I listened to it a lot as a child. “Aspens in the park outside rustle oblivion as aspens do.” Thank you, Trio Lligo and
It's still early in the evening when they take a cab home. John is on the verge of asking more than once, but Sherlock hasn't acknowledged him for a full hour, so instead he just shifts under the unusually uncomfortable silence.
I ended up in your bed. Two fully clothed bodies, shoes and everything, lying on top of the duvet. You on the far right, I on the far left, neither of us moving an inch the whole night.
anything. I wanted to hurt him, I wanted to kiss him until he broke, but I couldn't, I could barely hold on to his pressed collar, and I could absolutely not let go.
Holding on to a broken phone with an engraving that isn't even for him, seems a bit… pathetic. But it's easier than holding on to Sherlock himself, sometimes. He evades John, always has, guarding his feelings with acting skills so good that John at times forgets what he's really like.
I smiled when I sang the end of the song. I no longer cared about any imperfections in my voice, didn't care about anything besides making my song heard.
“John, you are certainly not the most perceptive of people”, Sherlock says with arrogant disdain, so familiar that John wants to… wants to wrap him up in his arms and kiss him. Oh, dear God.
Sherlock's doctor. When he tugs at the trousers, Sherlock helpfully lifts his hips without ever opening his eyes. The trust he gives John in this moment makes him feel humble, and he almost wants to stay here with him, just so he can protect him. From what, he barely knows. Anything and everything.
, and he practically begs them to give him work around the house. He sits with his hands in the lukewarm water and peels potatoes unhurriedly, meticulously, and looks as though nothing in the world could make him happier than doing just this.
It's the only way he knows to explain his grief. In that moment, he doesn't think about what he really means, and it doesn't occur to Sherlock to wonder.
I stop before John. His eyes sear into mine for a moment. Just as is the case with his daughter, I am equally terrified of looking back and of looking away. Then it's over and his gaze drops to the bundle in my arms.
he talk so fast? “The short excitement of interpreting a prediction as something that's written for you specifically, is a good enough reason for foolish people to spend their money on cookies that taste like paper”, he ends.
I stopped him with a gentle hand on his elbow, and he paused to allow me a last kiss to his painted lips. A breath shuddered out of him when we parted.
The realisation is as humbling as it is ruthlessly arousing. Sherlock, who scoffs at emotions, romance and desire, has for some reason made an exception for John. John is nearly panting when Sherlock strokes his hand downwards again, because those soft, careful fingers, those gorgeous violin hands, are for John only.
The view from the elephant's back was different now than it had been earlier in the day, when he had shown me the Paris autumn; the colours of the leaves were invisible now. Now everything was black or white; darkness or electric light. The Moulin Rouge was the red heart in the middle, and he was the centre of it.
And here we are, at the end of this tale. Thank you for following me through the series, I've had a great time with it! I'm sure gonna miss these soft boys.
I opened my eyes to force the moment away. Even now, I'm still afraid to close them. He's so near, sometimes, just barely out of reach, his lips quivering, waiting for my kiss. It kills me not to give it to him.
Sherlock gets all shy and angry at this, and John could weep at the sheer joy he feels that this man
The last of the snow has disappeared from the fields and the mud on the road has dried. The stifling quiet of the snow-blanket is gone; now the birds sing and the brooks murmur, and the earth explodes with life. On one day Drömme goes in those familiar colours of brown and grey, and the next, everything is bright green. The burst buds on the birches hold small, fragile leaves, bold and curious and growing fast. When the spring-winds blow, the new leaves whisper. The aspen by our house rustles oblivion as aspens do.
When Sherlock finally woke, only Martha was there. He surveyed the room; the angle of the light, the dirty cloths, the soaked sheets he lay in. He coughed, and she gave him a brave smile and forced a light comment.
“Apologies”, a third man casually said. “I had an… urgent business to attend to.” There was something disconcerting in the complete lack of emotion in the statement, inducing a slight pause where no one seemed to know what to say.
Moriarty didn't blink, barely stopped to breathe when he spoke. His face was like stone, and his eyes were black wells, settled on Holmes' face and refusing to leave.
John can't even answer him. He feels the back of his head tousle against the pillow when he shakes it, and Sherlock rises to take his own shirt off first.
Martha chuckled. “You know how to take them, don't you”, she said fondly. Sherlock grunted at the next, impossibly tight tug. He refused to have another coughing fit.
“Do you know I wanted to hold you like this from the moment I saw you?” I murmured into the delicate skin of his neck, not really expecting an answer.
“And now he will know that you know that”, I finished for him, earning a flash of a wicked smile. I snorted. “That is really petty, you know.”
“I don't care!” Moriarty screamed, so suddenly that every person in the room flinched. His face was a battlefield of ire. “Why shouldn't the Dancer choose the Maharajah?!”
John's heart beats violently enough to shake Sherlock's body when the murderer jogs past their hiding spot. Sherlock moves his hand and John already knows what he's about to do, arching his spine from the wall to allow Sherlock's hand behind the small of his back. Sherlock lifts the hem of John's jacket, slides the gun out of his trousers and puts it in John's waiting hand. His fingers are ice, the cold touch lingering even after his fingers withdraw.
“John, I'm a prostitute.” Sherlock took a step past me into my room, effectively breaking our gaze. “What makes me better than everyone else is my ability to deduce what men want, and use my acting skills to give them exactly that.”
If I'm honest, I've slept at 221B a lot since we started working on cases again. I'm not here for all of them, far from it. But he seems to work more or less constantly. I've fallen asleep on the sofa often, in my armchair a few times, one time even on the floor. He's always been in the same room.
I rarely catch myself smiling this way. For me, smiles just do not come so easily. The expression reminds me of a younger version of Father.
. His thigh comes to rest above Sherlock's crotch, and Sherlock's hips twitch upwards helplessly, a tiny sound in the back of his throat.
It is quick and it is dirty. John's mouth is silky and hot, sloppy in a way that feels marvellous. The sight of his blonde head bobbing at Sherlock's groin, and the effort to stay absolutely silent, bring Sherlock right to the edge almost before John has gotten properly started. His eyes roll back into his head and his head tips back against the wood behind him, his curls becoming tangled. His pelvis shoots forward in a desperate request for more.
the greatest snob of the Moulin Rouge, I heard.” I forced myself to look back at her. “I can't wait to hear your poetry.” She winked at me.
It's Stambro Mikael's idea to begin with. Neither he nor Lestare Greger did much better than I did during the night-wooing, and they have spent two days whining about it. Mikael's intended girl had also shouted that dreaded phrase through the door –
“If there is anything deserving of contempt”, he said, “it's an artist with a marginal talent who destroys his own work by trying to be more spectacular than he actually is. I suppose you're perfectly happy with drowning out your own words with that blaring trombone-”
Almost everyone is already on the dance floor when I look for a girl to partner up with. Only Täpp Lisa is sitting on the bench along the wall. I haven't had the guts to dance with her again, not since I didn't appear outside her window during the Midsummer night-wooing – but tonight I've seen her dance several times with a local boy. Maybe she found someone who's better for her than I would've been. Maybe she doesn't hold it against me.
Holmes forced a smile, not designed to convince anyone. “I cannot imagine what sort of complications those would be, Moriarty.”
“Sorry?” He was standing so close. My traitorous gaze flicked down to his full lips, tastefully painted with a discreet red, the only make-up he wore today. His mouth hardened to a thin line, and I looked back up into his eyes.
The kiss is light and soft. John's lips are still chapped; Sherlock can feel small ridges against his own mouth. He thinks, deliriously, that he loves them.
At some point John thinks Sherlock must be making it all up, because John knows embarrassingly much about the filmings of James Bond and he hasn't heard anything about all this.
“I just wanted… to know. What you were like. If you really were different, or if you were just like them.”
John draws back further and Sherlock opens his eyes, meeting his. Ridiculously, when Sherlock says it out loud, it shocks John that he
He looks at Sherlock with those eyes. They don’t speak much, they simply gaze at each other. It must look quite silly to an outside observer, and if Sherlock saw a couple staring at one another like this, he would roll his eyes.
“I'm not taking your little message to Holmes tonight, Sherlock.” Irene put her hands on her sides. “You have to go to Moriarty, isn't it in the contract?”
The cold wind hit him in the face, cooling his thin silk clothes. He spread his arms, and with the blowing wind it was almost like flying. He squeezed his eyes shut, trying not to want it. He willed the wind to sweep my words away, to keep his heart hard and stiff.
“I'm sure your presence in the flat will be reminder enough of the shortcomings of the average mind.”
William scurries away again and Soling Jacob stomps against the wooden floor with his hard soles. The room quiets. “Halling”, he announces, and the floor immediately clears. Every dancer finds a seat on the benches along the walls until only the fiddler remains in the centre of the floor.
They don’t talk about it. It’s too delicate and new. Instead, they crawl in under the zebra sheets to spend the day kissing.
He's playing with Soling Jacob again. I now know that the old fiddler has been William's teacher since William was a child. He told me that it's his dearest dream to become as skilful as Soling Jacob – to become a legend.
When Sherlock comes back to himself with a gasping breath, John lets him go. Sherlock slides down onto the floor, and opens his eyes to the pitch-black Baker Street bathroom.
The corner of Moriarty's mouth lifted minutely. “I'm way ahead of you, Holmes.” His voice was back to indifference and his eyes were unsettling black pools.
John hears him snarl, and the banging stops for a moment. Then it comes back again: “John, if you don't open the door, I will break in!”
John's face warms into a smile, and it must be open, and it must be fond, because he can see the same look mirror on Sherlock's face. The way he's glowing is soft and low, but it seems to involve every single cell of his being.
He is all this, at the same time. There is no running from the feelings I have for any of these parts of him. And he is what he is
“Yeah. But I need you to know that I know it, too.” John shakes his head. “I can't believe I never thought about what it was like for you with her, why you did that prawn thing…”
Moran never got a chance to aim. But somehow, the gun ended up flying through the air, landing on the floor just below the stage.
Soling Jacob peers up at the boy and smiles behind his beard. The boy doesn't smile back, only gives the man a grave nod. When he tucks his fiddle under his chin he accidentally touches the E-string with his finger. The sound of it rings awkwardly above the hum of the audience before he quells it with his fist. He shuffles his feet, and I almost feel embarrassed for him before he's even begun playing.
I look at him on my bed. Look at the window reflecting a distorted image of my small room. Look at the floor at my feet. Nod to myself. “Yeah, okay.”
The fortieth year, happiness seems to constantly seep in through every crack in the wall and every crack in their exterior. The sun is bright on their wooden floors and the riddle of love is simpler than John ever guessed it to be. He takes Sherlock's hand whenever he can and kisses his neck when he passes him by. There is a gleam in their eyes and softness on their skin, and their still inappropriately-timed smiles make John think about how he was right thirty years ago; he will never grow tired of this. He will want this man forever.
In my mind's eye, I kept replaying every detail I could remember, holding on to them, burning them into the structure of my brain. The hint of his voice in his heavy breaths. The crease between his brows, the painful pleasure on his face. The mole under his jaw. Despite the uncertainty of what had happened between us, I felt a certainty in my very bones.
John tries to call him, but there's no answer. He paces in front of the windows, staring out like the idiot he clearly is. He makes another cup of tea but can't bring himself to drink it, and he watches it cool on the coffee table until he tells himself he's being silly. Overreacting without evidence. He switches on the telly in an attempt to distract himself, but he can't lose the unease in his stomach, not even with another cup of tea he doesn't drink.
Well, that isn't true, is it. Last time I saw Sherlock, his undersea-rainbows were staring at the sky and his face was unmoving like a marble statue. This is better, even if death seems to have aged him a lifetime. Even if the cautious expression on his face sat like a stone in my stomach, growing heavier the closer I came.
as naive as your little plot for our show would suggest. I imagine you believe love to be magical and poetic – but in fact, it's simple chemistry, and one that is very destructive. In the end, love is just a game, and you will lose if you let your heart rule your brain.”
“As long as it's the two of us”, John mumbles, pouring the words into Sherlock's skin smelling faintly of soap.
It sang of the end, because at the very core of it all, in the quiet shimmer behind the breastbone, the soul always knows. It sang of me, unwashed hair and overgrown beard, dirty vest and braces, moonlight on my typewriter and face in my hands. It sang of him, dipping backwards in a sea of rose petals to the sound of distant applause.
“Sherlock, I've been drafting a new scene. It's- it's where the Hindu Dancer and the Penniless Sitar-Player meet in their secret hiding place and- and sing a duet. It would be helpful if you wanted to read out the Dancer's lines to me, I could make sure that I've-”
Sherlock pushes John’s bedroom door open. John stirs on the bed, opening one eye to watch him slip into the room.
We end up not speaking a word to each other the whole night. He plays, I listen; I dance, he watches. I wonder how none of the others notice that the very air between us is about to snap in two; how come no one burns themselves on the tension? It's agony to leave Sidensjö that night, walking back to Drömme and knowing I have to wait another day before I finally,
“Welcome”, Holmes said blandly and with a painful imitation of an easy smile, “to the first day of rehearsals. I am certain that you have all been informed of Duke Moriarty agreeing to invest in our show, making it possible for us to transform the Moulin Rouge into a theatre.”
I woke up when the first ray of sunlight hit the windowsill. Sherlock was curled up in front of me, his forehead against my breastbone, still asleep. My arm was slung over his waist and my nose was in his silky hair.
There was a long silence. Maybe there was some part of Sherlock still hoping for restitution; if not Holmes' blessing, then at least his apology. Holmes must know exactly what had happened in the tower. The evidence was everywhere.
The limited range of motion makes something light up in Sherlock's nervous system, starting at his neck and shuddering down all the way to his toes. The softness of the sofa cushions is familiar beneath Sherlock's back but the weight of John's body, half on top of him, is decidedly not. The contrast is dizzying.
“Well, eventually it slipped between the mattress and the wall, and I forgot it was there. But, well, during the months when we slept apart, it felt nice to have a piece of you with me in bed.”
As soon as he has slowed down enough, John lunges into his path, catching the swing ropes in his hands. Sherlock barrels into his sturdy little body and John backs a few steps, absorbing Sherlock's momentum, before he gently brings him back to the middle.
“So we have already started doing that thing we wanted to be very sure about before we did?” Sherlock says.
John's laugh does get out then. He lets his eyes close, and his breathing is still slow and relaxed, making him feel at ease.
The summer breeze outside is picking up speed. The rustle of an aspen can be heard through the closed window.
He didn't go to the Gothic tower the following night either. Or the one after that. The clock struck eight, and Sherlock was spread out on my bed, hands gripping the metal headboard, irises rolled back in his head.
“That little fuck!” John grabs the iron bars and rattles the gate before realising that he will look even more stupid when he does that. He peers up; the gate really is ridiculously high. “Can you pick the lock?”
They look at each other over their fried eggs and John’s eyes are turning impossibly bluer. This morning they look more clear than they ever have before. It is as if there has been a curtain of fog in them before, shielding John from the world. Now the fog is parting, as if John wants everything he sees to go right into the centre of him, unfiltered.
sex of Sherlock's. But it isn't about skill or anything as trite as that, is it. It's about the way Sherlock gave himself up for John completely. It's about John finally having Sherlock close without dodging the imaginary limits of what's fine and what isn't.
“It's the sort of scenery that should be appreciated together, don't you think? Would you… would you care to join me?” Sherlock sounded shy, walking over towards the heart-shaped opening.
Moriarty's black eyes fixed on me as if seeing me for the first time. My stomach turned over, bile rising in my throat.
more of that feeling. In the end it doesn’t matter that it’s a bad idea; he feels his eyes glitter and his smile turn suggestive even without his conscious permission.
I laughed even harder at his fruitless squirming, placing myself on top of him to trap him further in the blankets.
It is shocking, the way my insides stir and clench when I look at cradles and pick up newborn clothes.
With a sigh, the tension in my shoulders releases and the mournful tune leaves my mind. I won't recite the verses to any of the girls tonight.
And in the heart of the heart, on the dark wood of the dance floor, lived a pulsing prism. Red silk gloves reaching the elbows, orange and yellow hair flowing like spring brooks over bare shoulders, green skirts with blue insides flashing in the cancan dance, indigo stockings and violet lingerie exposed. Pale skin, dark skin, girls, boys, everything in between. Young, old, slim, fat, dwarves, tattooed, innocent, indecent, dancing wildly, hovering quietly.
“John, I'm all right.” He cupped my jaw, looking into my eyes. His marvellous verdigris irises seemed to shift and shimmer. “I have you.”
I was a bit taken aback by her choice of adjective, but I smiled back and took her hand briefly. “Nice to meet you, Irene.” I recognised her now. She was the woman who had dragged Sherlock to the party and barely allowed him to leave it.
“The bastard”, I muttered at last, and sniffed when I hardly recognised my thick, ragged voice. “Always has to have his way. Even when he's gone.”
I tried to catch Sherlock's eye when I found myself a chair, but he didn't look at me. He didn't look anywhere besides the stage, where a few people were working to rearrange the musical instruments from the previous night.
Sherlock's hands are trembling when he fumbles for his key card, not managing to open the door before John gets there. John takes the card from him, and Sherlock stumbles when the door falls open under his weight. John barely has time to close it behind them before Sherlock pushes at his shoulders, and the key card clatters to the floor when John gets on his knees and unzips Sherlock's trousers. He swallows Sherlock down, and a nearly agonised groan sounds in the pitch black of their hotel room.
