"So what told you where we should go?"
"Does my presence here frighten you?"
The bad thoughts stumbling over one another in his mind quieted the longer Sherlock pressed against John's body, shifting and arranging themselves into a more comfortable position. It was peaceful, something Sherlock rarely felt. He smiled contentedly into John's dressing gown, tea completely forgotten.
He was tall, his auburn hair neatly styled, his face blank. It were his eyes, though. Eyes John recognised. He might have gained a bit more around the middle and age might have left its mark, but there was no mistaking him.
It was going to be a long drive to Brighton.
At that point, his son merely nodded. Days passed before he brought the topic up again, when they were once again alone. John answered all of Hamish’s questions, talked about his weeks with the Council and how he had obtained a permit to fill Hamish in.
Estrode was aware that the city-wide feeding ban he had passed would elicit a reaction, he truly was. Yet some things couldn’t be helped. Humans needed to reproduce and fill the city and vampires should not interfere.
John glanced at Sherlock, whose eyes were narrowed and focussed on the countess. He nodded, as if to confirm her sincerity.
“Yes, I think we got what we needed,” Sherlock replied, stepping out to the main street and up to the kerb.
John, Sherlock and Molly remained behind while the two agents took over, Sterling producing a piece of paper from the inside of his jacket. John strained his ears – which was not particularly difficult, seeing as his targets were only about ten metres away – and listened to Sterling explaining the story behind their warrant. The document was fake, of course, hurriedly crafted in the back of the car. Their swiftness had made John wonder if Sterling and Trevelyan were in a habit of forging official government papers.
“Then at least shower. I’ll give you some spare clothes, and you can let the morons from SIS know that you’re probably not going to be back tomorrow night. They’ll be pestering us about an update soon – two annoying birds, one stone.”
John sat down at his table and took a sip of the blood bag, realising with a start that it was his favourite blood type, AB.
John could only stare at the items in Sherlock's hand.
John watched her for a moment, took another gulp from his cup and then looked poignantly at Sherlock.
“Alright,” John told Victoria, who moved reluctantly to fetch the drink.
However, part of his mind had noted the cold demeanour Sherlock had displayed towards his wayward childhood friend, intrigued. Was his brother still holding a grudge against the army doctor for leaving? Had Sherlock in fact deduced John’s true nature before the soldier left, intending to protect Sherlock from finding out?
"Oh no," Sherlock said with a smirk. "I ensured it."
In chapter three, John returns to a teenage Sherlock, just to leave again after getting into a compromising situation with the boy. Twenty years later, John is shot in the Afghan war and revealed as a vampire. Mycroft recruits him for a mission, where he meets Sherlock again, who is cold and distant to him.
It felt eerily good being insulted again after so many years without Sherlock’s sharp tongue, even though it still hurt a little, especially when all John could do was shrug miserably. It was better to be insulted instead of explaining the truth and that the Vampire Council wouldn’t have sanctioned Sherlock knowing about John’s true nature.
"Solid plan. While Mr Holmes takes a few men to her house, I will gather as much intelligence on Moriarty’s movements as possible. He has a lair and we will find it."
Sherlock tried his best to project an air of passivity while his mind catalogued all the minute details about the man in front of them. The vampire was neither young nor old, at an odd place in-between that prompted the kind of posturing that made him let the silence linger between them.
"Are you sure?" Sherlock asked, seeking out John's gaze.
“So, shower okay? Then I can go call a cab and go back to my flat.”
We’re happy to present chapter 6. We know waiting time was long but we won't rush this story, just because real life interferes sometimes. Happy reading!
“After graduation,” Sherlock began, “my brother wanted me to work for him, though I had no interest in siding with the government in any capacity.” He had to supress a shudder. “I, well – you might say I drifted for a bit. During that time, I met a detective who was failing to solve the most obvious case, so I offered my assistance.”
“That’s a rather diplomatic way of putting it,” Sherlock said, but he felt a tug at the corners of his lips. “But yes. Most people hate how obvious they are to me.”
"You still seem rather special to me," John replied smoothly. No reason to alienate the only real threat in this room.
“Well?” he prompted. “Tell us about Sean.”
Sherlock paused before reaching the bar, taking a deep breath that still failed to calm either his body or his mind.
John’s return journey was brief, yet he had miscalculated and hit heavy traffic. Definitely a part of the modern world he could have done without, he groused. It was no help and by the time he reached his house, the sun was already low on the horizon.
“Oh, Sean,” she sighed dramatically and went over to the white sofa in her living room where she sat down. “He’s a womaniser – a rich one at that. You probably know already if you are working with him. He likes to get his women presents and spoil them. It doesn’t matter if they’re humans or vampires. There’s even a rumour he tried to seduce a banshee but no one believed him.”
"I’m not sure I can do that, John."
His brother snorted, identifying the lie for what it was. "Please. Do not take me for a fool."
"What do you wish to hear about? Her secret smoking habit, her fondness of reality television shows, her growing feelings for Miss Adler or her four to five hiding places within the United Kingdom?"
“Oh, he’s out and about, doing one of his experiments,” Mrs Hudson filled him in as she served him tea. “I hope he comes back soon, he’ll catch his death out there.”
The Holmes had a big garden, at least big enough to play hide-and-seek and build makeshift tents with blankets over low-hanging trees. Sherlock’s favourite game was playing Peter Pan which his brother, of course, found childish and ridiculous. He hid in the house with a book when John pretended to be John from James Barrie’s story while Sherlock was imitating Captain Hook with a pirate sword and fork in one hand. It was the best fun the little boy ever had when he was as young as three. John wasn’t as boring as his parents and brother. He may have been ordinary but he was very interesting. Sherlock hadn’t developed a mind palace at that point yet like his brother had to keep only important information in his brain, but John got a special room in his head where he stored all memories with him.
“No, you and your mother are heading the other direction,” John insisted, helping his wife carry a basket of food out to the cart that held their most important possessions.
, he thought, crumbling down beside her.
"Sean MacCafferty. He said he is from Belfast, though he seemed to be staying in England."
“You need help, mate?” John called out to the man, tall with light hair but with severe burns covering the side of his body. “You’re not looking too well.”
The vampiress walked past them with an air of haughtiness, her nostrils flaring imperceptively when she came close to their table, before stalking off to take a seat in the opposite corner of the room. She dropped her bag casually on the floor after pulling out her phone and sat down to sip on her drink and swipe on her device.
"Sherlock!" she shouted when she saw him, using a tone of voice he had never heard her use before. "What have you done? The house could have burnt down! You could have been hurt! What were you thinking?"
"Do you know what kind of drug he gave you?" he asked, shaking his head at the foolishness of some people who thought they needed drugs to get a certain kick in their life.
Sherlock barely needed to will his pulse to quicken – the knowledge that John’s eyes were following his every move were enough to have his heart leap into his throat.
If his heart could beat, it would have broken out of his chest as panic flooded him.
John's only response was another nod, but then his left arm wound itself around Sherlock's waist. "Good?"
Eventually he had to accept that he needed blood and if he didn’t want to harm humans, animals were the only solution.
"Well, thank you for your help. We… we will bid you goodbye now and… um, leave," John said, his voice faltering in embarrassment and discomfort.
They had existed since the beginning of humankind and had kept their identity a secret from the very moment they knew they wouldn’t be accepted. They were aware of people’s fear of them and to prevent extinction, they mingled with them and became as invisible as possible to the human eye. Nothing gave them away. Neither skin colour, nor hair colour, not eyes or speech. They became masters of deception and managed to survive until this very day. You wouldn’t even realise you passed them on the street. You would even be shocked that they made up one quarter of the human population on earth.
"The information that you seem to have known about vampires for a long time now, brother," Mycroft admitted.
“We agreed to speak about Sean and his whereabouts and not about drugs,” she said a little petulantly. “I might be able to have some information on that if you care to give me some more blood.”
“He was,” he said kindly. “It’s great to hear he’s feeling much better. It was my pleasure to help.”
Estrode barely resisted the temptation to roll his eyes. William was young for a vampire, had a flare for the dramatic and was just learning how to navigate the waters of vampire politics.
“Of course not. So, seeing as we got the time…”
Emily, who was hiding behind her "uncle", stared at all of them, not sure what to do. She looked frightened like a little mouse after John had mentioned the murders. The tall, dark-haired vampire, who looked as if he were in his fifties and was wearing very expensive clothes, adjusted his ruffled hair and brushed down his front after the tussle he had had with John. He glowered at Sherlock, clearly sensing the negative waves he was giving off.
“And you’ve been a consulting detective ever since,” John concluded, taking another sip of his drink, “How are you getting on with that job? Still having problems with making friends?”
“You want to, what, teach me?” John asked, somewhat daringly. The despair that had consumed him moments ago seemed to vanish slightly.
He was appalled at himself when he understood that he had been seduced by her blood, water and food not being enough to still his hunger. An unwanted and unnatural instinct drove him to bite and kill her, leaving him trembling and panicked afterwards when he looked at her lifeless body.
He hesitated, though didn’t see a way out of this situation. “Dr John Watson.”
She froze, clearly toying with the thought to fight him, and once again John wondered if Sherlock’s blood truly tasted as marvellous as it smelled. Usually blood tasted the same to most vampires but there were exceptions – and Sherlock was exceptional in so many other regards.
She led the way – her flat was close, and even John could tell it spoke of new wealth. Sherlock had given him the faintest nod while leaving the café, but still John’s mind was racing to find a different way to make Victoria divulge the information. Then it occurred to him.
He took the necessary steps for his absence, tasked Mrs Hudson to find a temporary lodger for his house, left the hospital and bade his goodbye to Sherlock who could not for the life of him understand why he would not be allowed to accompany John on his journey.
Estrode knew before he pushed back his chair to convene a meeting to deal with this matter that he would testify in favour of John’s request. He only hoped young Hamish would take it well.
"Good. Let’s start." Sherlock’s tone was brisk and serious. Without another word he started off to the left, not even checking if John was following him. Which he did, of course.
Sherlock nodded slowly.
John got word from the Council a week after he had sent his letter and to his relief, his request had been approved. Hamish – now at the age of twenty-five – and he would sit together and talk quite frequently in the absence of his wife, providing ample opportunity for John to make his confession.
“Why don’t we relocate?” she suggested. “I don’t think the clientele here would like to watch.”
The question surprised him for a moment before he remembered his wedding ring. He cleared his throat before whispering, “Yes.”
. Sherlock took a deep breath, casting about for an adequate place to start. He wanted to make a good impression, but he didn’t want to lie either. Not to John.
The sexual revolution amongst humans opened up a whole new market to be explored. Bars and fetish clubs catering to humans with a preference for vampires opened as strictly members-only and the Council had a hard time regulating them, especially given the increased risk of hybrid offspring.
"Do you think that’s such a good idea, mate?" Trevelyan argued, his eyes mapping the room. "I’ve got a bad feeling about this."
"Oh, John, this would not be the first time I went up against one of you and walked away victorious," Sherlock sneered, by all appearances confident in his abilities, yet John noticed how his knuckles had whitened because he was gripping the steering wheel rather firmly.
Two years later, some weird murders hit the headlines. Several people were found killed without any sign of violence. It caught Sherlock's attention immediately when Lestrade took him to the crime scene of a woman dressed all in pink on the top floor of a derelict house. He could hunt down her suitcase and the murderer who happened to be a mousy cab driver. By that time, Sherlock didn't know yet that all the victims had been vampires that had been killed by a new-developed toxin that caused a lot of fear among the vampire population. He also didn’t know that his brother's position in the government had brought him into contact with said population's Council.
Sherlock then realized what happened and was determined to make John cry out that same way again. He thrust forward deeply, hitting the response-provoking organ, and held for a moment. A slew of words came tumbling from John’s mouth. “Ohhh, Christ, Sherlock … yes, more!”
As they pulled away, John spoke, “Thank you, Mary.” His words full of so many layers of meaning.
“I love you, John,” Sherlock stated. His expression was determined and meaningful.
“My apologies, John, but I have been otherwise occupied in the course of the last two days making sure that Moriarty is, in fact, dead this time, and that neither he, nor his drones, will cause my brother and the people he cares about any further harm.”
Instinctively, he took his right hand and grabbed the back of John’s neck, gently pulling him closer so that their foreheads touched. John’s left hand grabbed Sherlock’s forearm and held it in place. Their other hands continued in a firm grasp with one another. Their eyes closed and their stillness was only interrupted as they breathed in each other’s warm exhales. Because that’s what Sherlock and John did and will always do … breathe life into each other.
John’s response would have made Pavlov proud. His lust-filled eyes lowered as his hips bucked slightly upward and he slowly drawled out, “I … want you … inside me.”
The Countess had blushed upon Sherlock’s words, a smile tugging at her lips as she stepped out from the other man’s embrace. The two of them exchanged a glance, though whatever non-verbal communication had passed between them seemed to have ended in a positive manner for Emily actually spoke to them.
Thin tendrils of smoke rose like winding snakes over the rooftops of the surrounding houses, reminding him of the fire that had eaten away at London’s city centre. He felt a sudden hunger in his stomach which was so intense that it propelled him into walking out of the backyard and onto the cobbled, empty street.
"An intense crash with prolonged sleep cycles. Dan said they could take up to twelve hours."
"Oh, you know I'm the best," Sherlock snapped. "No one else could have pieced it together! You need me."
"Do you approve?" he tried again to get the young man's attention and watched himself critically in the body-length mirror hanging on the wall.
That got a smile out of the other man. "Indeed."
The drive from Fangtasia to his office was long and granted enough time to look through what Magnussen had found. Apparently there still was no word on the exact whereabouts of Sebastian Moran, but a few other vampires of interest had been sighted in Belfast. There hadn’t been any bombings since March 1976, which was three years ago, but the IRA was still strong and committed to their cause. Why some vampires thought they had a place amongst the fighters was beyond Estrode, but daft vampires had always existed all around the globe.
Holding Sherlock’s gaze, John reached into his pockets and retrieved a knife. Verdigris eyes widened when understanding dawned on the other man. John thought he saw relief there, that Sherlock’s shoulders relaxed ever so slightly, but he might have been imagining it.
"Obvious."
John was smiling now, and it was doing strange things to Sherlock’s chest. The vampire leaned back then, a challenge in his eyes.
What they did yield were lessons in self-control. Sherlock had hoped he would grow accustomed to the sight of John Watson in tight leather and fabric, but to no avail. The image had yet to lose its effect on Sherlock's mind, which was circling back to bulge in the other man's trousers, the broad, strong lines of his shoulders or the firmness of his arms.
However, John was not laughing anymore when he explained about the fire.
"Yes, that will be all," was the detective’s cool reply, which obviously grated the butler, yet finally made him take his leave through a narrow corridor next to the entrance door. John sighed, a bit of the tension in his shoulders draining as they heard the butler’s footsteps recede in the distance.
Silence fell. John weighed his options but his senses told him that Sherlock needed rest. Regardless of how curious John was, any answers could wait.
He had watched with awe and fear how much the world had changed by then. Suddenly humans could fly in the sky, use the most vicious weapons to kill other people and drive with cars through the streets. Coming back from Afghanistan to England made him aware how much he had sunk into a depression that blocked his senses from realising what was really happening around him. The only best thing was that he didn’t come back alone from the desert. He had met a comrade whom he could rely on in danger, someone who was also a vampire that had sneaked into the army. His name was Gabriel Moore.
“I am not the only one responsible for the formation of this unit, Sherlock. I don't have that kind of power."
“Can I inspect it?” Hamish asked, jumping up and down and craning his neck as if a few centimetres would make a difference.
He swallowed hard in an attempt to soothe his nerves. He should have known. With Mycroft Holmes behind the formation of this unit it should not come as a surprise to see Sherlock here as well.
"I have another thing going and wanted to speak with him about it. He used to frequent some clubs in London but it's been a while and I was wondering if he still does. Have you seen him around lately?"
"A hug?"
John opened his mouth to argue but decided any effort would be in vain. Instead, he went back to his car to retrieve his belongings. Seeing Sherlock regularly after his realisation had been detrimental to his sanity – what would being in his vicinity do to John?
“To you.” John made a vague gesture. “Blimey, you can probably tell exactly how I slept.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and John was sure he would rebuff their question, but instead Sherlock rushed through an explanation, saying, "Irene and my colleague, John Watson, are both vampires and thus dwell in similar circles. Miss Adler told us to mention a townhouse in Swansea during Easter in case anyone doubted our acquaintance."
Now, however, he let them emerge. Hamish grew pale when he realised that his father was in fact growing fangs in front of his eyes.
The woman looked from John to Sherlock, licked her lower lip contemplatively before putting her phone into her bag.
"Very."
“We will implement the ban. It will not take long, but it is necessary to assure our species’ protection. You will assuage your followers, Mr Dale, and we will survive another year undetected. Do we have an understanding?”
Sherlock now looked curious. “Platinic ones? Why those?” he asked, thinking of his lab equipment at home which was mostly made of the material.
John averted his eyes, decidedly not looking at his first victim.
John was already opening his mouth when a side door opened with a bang. Only John’s enhanced vision enabled him to actually glimpse the male figure rushing up to Sherlock, and only his vampiric reflexes allowed him to step into the person’s path. The momentum of their collision threw them both to the ground and John was able to gather he was dealing with a fellow male vampire before a fist connected with his jaw.
She knew he was here with a vampire – it didn’t take Sherlock’s levels of perception to gather that. Likewise she had already guessed why Sherlock was currently faux-fidgeting under her stare. When he spoke, he made sure to add a quivering to his voice to go with his cover story of needing to contact a mutual acquaintance. It played into the woman’s need to establish her superiority and established John as a strong ‘master’ over his human companion.
"Spit it out!" Sherlock butted in, though John ignored him.
It was Irene. She stood out from the crowd with her petite and pretty form but her demeanour was very confident as she came forward to join Mycroft.
"They don’t look as though they’d welcome us," Molly remarked, eyeing the two men warily.
“You do, but that’s beside the point,” John continued. He was still calm, collected. He saw that his demeanour threw her a bit – she had expected violence, he assumed. “We don’t want to implicate you. We won’t even tell Sean that you were the one who told us where to find him. We just want to know his location.”
The cab took them back to Baker Street, neither of them speaking a word during the ride. John felt itchy. He wanted to get out of these clothes as quick as possible, preferably accompanied by a good shower. His body was prickling all over. Those four days in close proximity of Sherlock had strung his nerves a little too tight. He could keep it under control but he wondered for how long. All that smell of blood in the club had clawed at him to take what he considered his.
By Monday evening the streets of London had become more dangerous than the flames. Rumours about foreigners setting it spread even faster than the fire and John sustained a painful gash on his left arm when he tried to help a family of Dutch immigrants against an angry mob of Englishmen.
Dale swallowed thickly, giving in to a remnant of his human impulses.
John found the wiggling of Sherlock's backside quite enticing but he shook his head to clear himself of those very distracting thoughts and stepped beside him.
Thank you for reading and commenting. Please note that the next chapter will take awhile to be updated.
"I might have miscalculated…"
"Try? Christ, we’re going to have to work together on this case, Sherlock; we could at least be civil about it."
"Let's find you some appropriate clothes," Sherlock said, flinging the wardrobe doors shut before striding out of the room.
Victoria had her eyes closed for a moment, licking her lips reverently to catch every trace of Sherlock’s blood. Then she opened them again but her eyes, which had been nearly dark with just a thin stripe of colour around the iris, were now a noticeable dark green shade. John could positively feel Sherlock’s question, but the detective remained silent.
"That is ghastly, Sherlock. I don't think they wear morning suits and top hats in a posh Vampire club. Posh doesn't mean 'old-fashioned' and that would look as if I'm going to a wedding."
"Give us his name. We’ll be able to track him down."
He was about to get off the sofa when Sherlock opened one sleepy eye and snaked an arm around John's neck.
"Well, you sound quite smug about it. Have you ever gone undercover before?" John asked, raising an eyebrow.
"You always said I’m an idiot."
"I haven’t been to the sea for ages, " he murmured with a small smile on his lips. "I can taste the salt in my skin."
He didn’t approach the woman right away, opting instead for a detour to pour some more milk into his cup. He saw the slender line of the woman’s shoulders tense as he walked towards her table, though she remained where she was.
"What kind of unit is this?"
John's return and lack of visible change didn't go unnoticed by Mrs Hudson and Sherlock. The latter had already wondered for a long while now, even before John left, why he didn't seem to age. When he was ten Sherlock had got his first library card and visited the local library as often as he could, practically devouring every book that gave him information about human biology, what people did to look younger and stories and myths about people who hadn't aged for decades.
Sherlock inclined his head, his heart rate increasing. What would the other man want to know? Not all of his past actions filled him with pride.
"Look, mate, I get that you’re angry –"
Knebworth House does really exist. It’s a country house built in the 15th century in Hertfortshire, England and a Grade II listed building (= particularly important building of more than special interest). Numerous films have been shot there too, including Jane Eyre (1997), Harry Potter 4 and The King’s Speech. Unlike in the story, the house is open to visitors and Iriya had been there and felt inspired. :D
The time at the Council changed John more profoundly than his Sire’s bite ever could. He learnt of the vampires’ struggles to stay hidden, to conceal their identity, of revolts and insurgences trying to change the status quo. Estrode and his colleagues explained the workings of the Council, how they regulated the number of humans falling victim to vampires, and how to drink from a human without killing them and using a thrall to make them forget the incident.
, John’s mind supplied while he panicked. It didn’t make sense, vampires didn’t exist after all, but that didn’t explain how a burn victim was bloody well
“You okay? That wasn’t quite a nice club. Not like the others.”
Estrode hissed, would have bared his fangs if he didn’t have the amount of self-control he actually possessed.
“And you can; just not humans.”
Once in a while there were some of them who became fed up with their situation and daring enough to fight against the unspoken rules of staying in hiding. These tensions resulted in nasty wars among them, wars that were perceived by humans as a fight between two countries that didn’t get along. They never guessed it wasn’t a war between humans.
Emily nodded. "Miss Huntingdon participated as well. We were talking, about vampires, how I knew, and at some point he told me about Moriarty. I haven’t seen him since, or Patricia Huntingdon for that matter."
In the first chapter, John survived the Great Fire of London, became a vampire and lost his wife Mary and baby daughter. With his teenage son Hamish, he moved to Scotland to start a new life.
As usual and quite tedious for Sherlock all eyes locked on him, which was no surprise. So far his appearance had worked quite well as a distraction, so that John had the chance to determine who of the vampires was fitting the description Miss Somervell had given. Sherlock's deduction skills were to his dismay limited when it came to the ability of smell but he had spotted that some of the humans had bloodstains on their wrists and necks. A quick glance to John made him wonder how long it had been when he had last feasted on a human. He looked up when John suddenly sat next to him at the bar, looking paler than usual.
Sherlock was stunned.
“I, uh … it’s just that, I was wondering …  if you had decided to go,” Sherlock stammered, his mouth suddenly feeling parched. “And if so … uh … were you planning … to go … with … someone?” Sherlock blinked a few times. His brain mocked him. …
“Yes, I told you I was,” Sherlock snapped.
John felt tears forming that he wasn’t sure he wanted to try to hold in.
As he stared out the window, John’s mind continued to circle.
"Oh, God, what if she meets someone?"
Test after test was completed with no conclusive evidence that Sherlock had any type of hearing loss or difficulty. Sherlock had gone into the appointment convinced that it was a hearing issue. So, when he was told that the results were to the contrary, and those results were based on “irrefutable” facts, he was extremely frustrated, to say the least. Every time the medical professional spoke, Sherlock countered. Back and forth it continued until Sherlock stood up and began to pace, mumbling to himself. And, that’s when the poor doctor made the monumental mistake of suggesting that maybe the detective had an overactive imagination and perhaps a psychological evaluation was in order.
As the dawn peeked its way through the windows of 221B, John and Sherlock sat knee-to-knee on the edges of their chairs, eyes closed, foreheads together in the soft, morning light. Wandering hands were gently petting silky fabric and jumper-clad forearms. Warm, soft breaths intertwined with each other as lips chastely brushed lips, sharp jaws and stubbled cheeks. There hadn’t been a proper kiss … yet. But that was fine because both Sherlock and John needed time to soak in the essence of the other, making sure that this was in fact reality and not just a dream that would dissipate and leave them reeling in loneliness.
“It’s okay, John,” Sherlock responded quickly.
The moment he had thought about, dreamed about, tucked away on several occasions, tried to delete, buried and finally resurrected. There was only one difference between the dream in Sherlock’s mind and the reality of the current situation.
Sherlock’s facial expression went from astonished to affronted. “The internet can be very useful, John,” he huffed.
“So, move-in day at Uni was difficult?” The deep baritone voice reverberated from the person's chest against which John’s cheek was pressed.
“But I was so angry when you came back,” the doctor confessed.
John’s eyes relaxed and his gaze turned very soft as he replied, “Yes, I think I’d like to attend.”
John smiled knowingly.
John could feel his husband’s back muscles relax as the two of them stood, syncing their breaths; John's cheek continuing to rest on Sherlock's chest and Sherlock's cheek resting comfortably against the crown of John's silky, grey head.
“Yes, but she doesn’t want him to
His voice sounded slightly agitated.
“Mmmm,” John replied, eyes shut as if in meditation.
Sherlock mentally braced himself as if a hurricane was on the horizon and he was strapped to a tree.
“We’re not at war,” John snorted.
The pair scrambled to untangle themselves from each other, trying to regain their composure. John leaned with his back against the short, concrete ledge, knees bent, head tilted upward, gulping for air as he unconsciously rubbed his sore wrists. Sherlock crawled toward his friend and rolled over to lie down, his back flush against the flat, damp roof, eyes closed, as he tried to restore normal breathing.
Sherlock took a sip and studied John carefully as the older man settled himself and took a sip of his own drink.
Sherlock looked at her puzzled then realized his right hand was inadvertently reaching toward John’s leg and was a mere six centimeters from it. He retracted it quickly.
“Um … campus is thirty minutes away by Tube—”
“So I’ve been told.” Moriarty tossed a look back at Sherlock, who hadn’t taken his eyes off John.
“Yes … Good … That would be— … good.”
“I’ve … noticed him,” John quickly cleared his throat, “er—around campus, I mean. My roommate Mike has biology with him. I heard he’s brilliant,” John finished, almost breathlessly.
Forward … moans of pleasure echoed around the room … and back.
John jerked his neck to look at Sherlock’s profile. The doctor’s heart was definitely beating faster and harder and John could feel his breath hitch slightly as Sherlock slowly turned to face him.
me anymore!”
Although Sherlock did his best to maintain his composure, his thoughts were like a jumbled pot of beef stew.
Sherlock’s heart felt as if it would beat out of his chest but he continued calmly and lightly gliding the bow over the instrument wanting to greet John in a warm, but non-threatening way. He slowly turned to see John standing in the doorway, his lips formed in a beautiful (there was that word again), soft smile. Although Sherlock had played the song dozens of times in the past, he currently found himself struggling to remember the notes. The two men stared at each other, the battle of the blues going on for several moments. Then Sherlock turned toward the window, continuing to work through the piece, as John walked toward his chair and took a seat for a front-row viewing of his own private concert. A glass of scotch was (thankfully) placed on the side table near John’s chair and he noticed another glass had been poured and set precariously on the arm of Sherlock’s chair.
Sherlock then moved his fingers up and across John’s collarbone.
“Y-yes. Just give me a moment,” Sherlock stuttered.
“You said you’d be in touch!” John spoke in an accusatory tone. “I assumed that meant sooner rather than later. It’s been 48 bloody hours, Mycroft! I’ve been locked up in here not knowing what was going on. Not knowing how Sherlock and Mary were getting on.” John clenched his fists. “I sent you a thousand texts and did you even think to answer just one of those? No! You kept me in the dark, again! I want information, Mycroft, and you’re not leaving here until I get it!” And then, almost as an afterthought, “And don’t think I didn’t figure out who was blocking communication between Sherlock and me!”
“She’s gone, Sherlock. My little girl is really gone.”
Just then Sherlock felt a little part of John’s tongue pressing along his lips, as if knocking on a locked door humbly asking for entrance. Sherlock was hopeless to do anything but give John the keys.
After what seemed like several hours, but in reality was only minutes, John regained his composure and a somewhat normal breathing pattern. He finally stood up and began searching frantically through the bevy of emergency and armored vehicles, asking everyone if they’d seen Sherlock and Mary. Sure the agent had said they were safe, but John needed to be certain. Just as his frustration level was at the breaking point, he spotted the now-infamous, black sedan on the periphery and began sprinting toward it. As he approached the vehicle, the door opened and he launched himself inside, landing on a stunned Mycroft Holmes.
“Oh, don’t be so morose,” answered Moriarty. “It’ll be fun. I promise!”
In true Mycroft fashion, sans the eye roll, the gentleman answered unaffectedly, “After what just happened, John, do you really believe I could face my brother without giving him absolute certainty that I personally saw to you safely being escorted back to Baker Street? The man is probably prowling like a caged animal as we speak.”
“I was thinking we could either order from the Chinese place down the street,” said John in a slightly muffled voice behind the door. “Or, the pizza shop two blocks over. You pick. I—”
Moriarty snickered centimeters away from John’s face, “I always like to provide proper incentives.” He then turned and walked toward the kneeling detective. “Don’t I, Sherlock?”
“John, don't be so dramatic. She's coming home next weekend. Something about a party an—”
Forward … John’s body leapt to meet Sherlock’s ... and back.
“What do you want?” John spat.
John, too, was reveling in the sensory overload as his tongue slowly stroked Sherlock’s and he tasted the scotch his flatmate had been sipping previously. John’s hands touched solid chest muscles through Sherlock’s tight, silky shirt and he could feel Sherlock’s now-elevated heart rate. But perhaps the best thing about kissing Sherlock Holmes was the
If Mycroft was surprised, he did not show it. He merely inclined his head with an air of exasperation born from a lifetime of dealing with Sherlock once he had set his stubborn mind to something.
“Ah, yes – should I keep you away from pointy objects?” He held his breath, anticipation building up in his chest. This was the first time Sherlock ever had the chance to question an actual vampire. The fact that his ‘first’ was John was all the more fitting.
“You’ve had enough blood already,” he growled.
a vampire."
"Neither of which interests you?" Mycroft had not been able to refrain from wondering.
“Fine,” Victoria said, raising her hands in reassurance. “How about some tea, then to help your… friend replenish?”
Ten full seconds passed before the vampire inclined his head. John moved swiftly, claiming the right side of the crescent-shaped sofa. Sherlock slid into place next to John as gracefully as he was capable of.
"We need to go undercover," he declared, gazing expectantly at the detective. For the first time since reaching MI5, Sherlock's lips curled upwards.
"Let me consult. I doubt any of your lackeys will even come close to my level of skill."
John guffawed, quickly smothering the noise with his hands when the surrounding customers threw him a look.
Before the detective could reply, Richard Sterling interrupted their banter.
The veins surrounding the wound were turning black, the skin becoming inflamed in a shade of angry red that Bill had never seen before. The bullet was doing something to Osmond and Bill had to change his diagnosis on the spot. He searched Osmond's bag for medical supplies, gloves, anything to make this even remotely more sterile, yet a hand on his wrist stopped him.
"But you can't stay here, Sherlock. You better go home now. I'm sure Mrs Hudson is already very worried about you."
He couldn’t leave. He was a doctor and the city needed him.
"John Watson."
"Yes. My brother will be quite annoyed if we’re late and hindering our departure."
“Depends on what you heard. I thought you had it all figured out by now. Clever boy that you are.”
Gabriel decided to join the fight to fight for equality and John let him go, realising that he was probably going to lose the only friend he had made in many years. The depression that held Europe in its grip afterwards was just the next omen for the war that came. This time, the Vampire community in Germany arose from the ashes like a big bad bat and threatened to put all humans into slavery and make them food for all vampires. That was even too much for the other nations and John once again took up arms to prevent the worst.
"I met him at a party five weeks ago, hosted by a member of the royal family. He was a young man, the guest of Patricia Huntingdon, daughter of the Earl of Huntingdon. I noticed him immediately because of his…" She hesitated briefly, as if looking for the right words. "His colourful attire. Barely proper anymore. I initiated a conversation, but the details are a bit blurry…"
John sighed audibly. He had not imagined seeing the man so soon but he had always assumed that their reunion would be friendlier.
"What do we do now?" Molly asked, only to be silenced by Sherlock one moment later.
Molly, apparently oblivious to the slightly awkward silence that had descended on the car, craned her neck to see more of the impressive house.
“I appreciate your bluntness. Allow me to return it,” John said. “There is a special substance circulating among our kind. Sean promised me access to it – and now he’s gone. What can you tell us about that?”
John was the first to arrive at the horrible scene of the accident. Darkness surrounded him, broken only by the flickering light of the damaged car. Although overtaken by grief that it was his beloved Diane, who was dead at the scene just like her husband, he didn’t waste any time and ripped open the dented door of the backseat when he heard Sherlock’s agonised whimpers. The little boy had been saved by his car seat but he had suffered a severe head injury which was bleeding profusely. Carefully, he unstrapped the four-year-old from the seat and pulled him gently out of the car.
“You can never tell anyone, Hamish. You have to promise me that.”
Four years of absence had done Sherlock Holmes good. He stood quite a bit taller than when John had last seen him. His hair was longer, too, and tousled. The top two buttons of his shirt were unbuttoned and revealed pale skin and an elegant neck. The young man was stunning, there was no point denying that, and John, after years of trying to forget, was faced with the inevitable truth that his absence had not erased the attraction he had felt four years ago.
Now, however, a few days later, the room was dark and the candles almost burnt to stumps. Some still had more wax than others, which got Sherlock wondering which conditions led to this effect. Minutes later he was going through the drawers, trying to remember where Mrs Hudson kept the spare candles but, of course, Sherlock hadn’t saved this information and deleted it, unaware that it would be of interest for an experiment later on.
Gabriel also had a political opinion and was interested in making the human population aware that they were sharing their little planet with mythical creatures but he kept many of his thoughts to himself when he saw that a huge war erupted among vampires during World War One. It wasn’t only that Germany had declared war to all nations, it was also the fact that German vampires wanted to overrule Europe and be the only nation with the sole power over all vampires.
"Doubtful. While the two Neanderthals next to you might be good bodyguards, their intellectual capacities will not advance this case; Miss Hooper is only here since she has access to a lab with halfway decent equipment," the detective delivered in a cold tone, ignoring the offended-looking faces of Sterling and Trevelyan in the rear-view mirror. "Being nice, John, is irrelevant to the successful solving of this case."
The man nodded and merged with the traffic with a speed the London cabs were notorious for.
"Alright," John relented with a sigh, "But no sleeping on the sofa. And I will inform Mrs Hudson where you are."
For a moment, John didn’t know what to say. He had seen Mrs Holmes from afar but up close she was even more beautiful. His non-beating heart stuttered to a halt. What was he thinking? He couldn’t feel attracted to her! She was married and a mother of two children.
Sherlock could not have held back his smile even if he wanted to.
"Don’t have another domestic," Trevelyan hissed at their departing backs.
His quarters were just a meagre bedsit with an ensuite. It only had one window and scarce furniture. When he had come here for the first time, he had been surprised how bleak everything looked and how much it reflected his mood. He walked over to the fridge and pulled out a blood bag (there were several inside, although he only drank blood once a week) but maybe Mycroft was trying to make up for the time they hadn’t been in contact. After all, he had also enjoyed John’s presence before he had gone to boarding school. Compared to Sherlock, though, he had never been very open with his feelings.
John sent the young woman a soothing glance, inspecting the entrance hall despite Sherlock’s order to the contrary. The two agents crossed their arms and settled against the wall next to the portal, apparently satisfied to allow Sherlock to take point.
“No other vampires,” John whispered. “No redheads, either.”
... was amazing,” John said, giving voice to his admiration.
"Once you have lived as long as I have, nothing much does."
Since John was able to hear every word he said and adapt accordingly, Sherlock was free to improvise.
Sherlock pouted slightly and put his hands on his hips, something he had already done when he was a teenager. John stopped what he was doing to look in fond amusement at him. Sherlock’s pout lost some of its intensity under John’s gaze, yet it didn’t stop him from arguing.
"Well, you’re not exactly a mountain of muscle and we are ten times stronger than the average human," John shot back. He had seen those of his kind crush skulls with their bare hands – there was no way he would leave Sherlock alone with one of them who was sure to meet them with hostility.
"You know. Not get in a row about past mistakes, maybe be able to talk to each other like human beings."
The two young men had finished university by then, and at the age of twenty-six Sherlock had no idea what he wanted to do for a living as long as he had cocaine to keep him happy.
"Yes. It is when someone puts their arms around you and holds you close."
He looked at Sherlock briefly, curbing his feelings; only the clenching of his fists underneath the tabletop gave away his distress.
"I don't want to go home. May I stay here? Please, John."
John exchanged another look with Sherlock and, after his nod, turned the handle and slipped inside, poised for an attack. It never came.
"Which is where I come in."
Sherlock could feel the blush creeping up his neck and shrugged his shoulders to play it off. Compliments from John still had this unexpected effect on him.
Several weeks later, another gruesome killing spree shook the vampire community since the murderer left a trail of beheaded, naked vampires behind. They all sported the tattoo of a spider on a part of their body and there was no blood on the victims when Sherlock examined them. He finally connected the dots – the ones killed by the pills had looked the same at the time of their death. Blue veins standing out from underneath their pallid skin, ice-cold bodies and red-rimmed eyes. With everything he had read about vampires at the forefront of his mind and the image of the beheaded vampires burnt into his eyes, he went to confront his brother, who had always listened to his murder deductions with a cool façade, to ask if he knew anything about them.
John managed to push all those thoughts aside and enjoyed the nice chatty evenings with the Hudsons and Sherlock who revealed to be a very bright mind that could unravel many secrets about people which was not always appreciated. It caused some trouble at his school, making him an outcast very early on. No one wanted to befriend this weird, tall boy with the piercing eyes and long face who could tell that you stole money from your father’s wallet or that you copied homework from your friend. It caused Sherlock to draw back into himself and become even more observant for he was always alone.
Although John understood Sherlock’s distant behaviour, the feeling of rejection hit him harder than anticipated. Of course, he hadn’t expected hugs and kisses, he hadn’t even expected to meet Sherlock after so many years and here of all places, but at least something kind might have helped to bridge the gap that was between them. A gap that felt like it would be hard to mend.
Sherlock was not overly fond of Christmas (at least not since he had researched its origin and discovered how many lies and deceit had occurred to form the holiday), yet the time always made for good experiments.
However, the situation had never been this dire. Human London might be recuperating, having survived the Plague, yet vampires went hungry. They blamed Estrode, of course. The leader of the English Council was always at fault for everything. They didn’t care that he had to answer to his superiors as well.
“And he’s so handsome,” she continued.
John softly commanded.
John was absolutely desperate with want. “I need to feel you
And then, the detective found himself with that reoccurring funny feeling in his stomach. He suddenly felt warm all over, his head felt dizzy and he wanted to touch John, to stroke his face, to kiss his lips. But, the feelings went deeper than that. Sherlock wanted to tell John that he was the most important person in his life and that he’d gladly spend the rest of his days by his blogger’s side if he’d let him. Sherlock finally understood the thoughts and feelings of the past few months and realized it was really just the culmination of what had been simmering for the past eight years. It was love. And it was scary and thrilling and confusing and wonderful.
“Did you find it?” Mary smiled at Sherlock as he regained his seat across from the women. The young man looked at her with a blank stare until Irene interrupted, “Oh, yes. All better. Sherlock’s laser focus found it.” Irene gave Sherlock a wide-eyed stare and the man instinctively scooted his chair back a little and pulled his shins closer to his body so Irene wouldn’t feel the need to repeat the kick that was probably leaving a bruise at the moment.
“Say that again,” Sherlock dared, as his voice rumbled one octave lower in his chest.
John lunged forward and kissed Sherlock firmly on the mouth. The younger man responded in kind and the two of them began passionately “speaking” with lips, teeth and tongues. Suddenly, John pulled away, and what happened next, well, it would stay burned in Sherlock’s mind forever.
Then Sherlock’s expression turned a bit predatory as he fisted the front of John’s jumper and murmured in his best low register, “Got your breath back?”
John barely stifled a sob that nearly escaped. “Please forgive me for not knowing,” he choked.
Sherlock took a large gulp of his whiskey and set it down on the floor near his chair. “Well, Rosie for one,” he answered. “She finds joy in little things that I didn’t even realize existed.”
“Wh- What did you s-say?” Sherlock stammered.
Sherlock’s brain screeched to a halt and he nearly pulled a muscle in his neck as he turned to look at his retreating flatmate. “Wha- what did you say?” he inquired, his eyelids blinking uncontrollably.
“I - … I think we need to move this to the bedroom.”
John continued washing, very aware that his flatmate’s laser-focus was on the back of his neck.
"We would like to know where you got all the information about Moriarty," John said conversationally. "You’ve been boasting about the information that was given to you, so you must have been intrigued enough to share it with Irene even though you aren’t a vampire and not directly involved in the scheming."
"You're saying someone knew it would work on me?"
“You’re suggesting you’d only give up information for something in return then,” John concluded by the look she was giving him. “With what could I oblige you?”
Peace settled down in Europe and John felt a heavy weight being lifted from his shoulders when his friend came back safely from the war. Britain had suffered hard from the enemy’s attacks on their major cities but it soon experienced prosperity again. Seduced by the big city’s anonymity and wealth, John turned his back on Scotland to return to London in the 1960s.
“To be blunt, we had an affair for quite awhile. I realise now that I was just one of many he courted. We had a lavish lifestyle and enjoyed many parties here,” she explained.
"I am not here to punish you."
Sherlock didn't give any indication that he would care for it and followed John into his bedroom that also served as a living room. His eyes scanned the room quickly until he spotted the small cupboard next to the window. John's mouth became a thin line when he closed the door and let his colleague wander through the room. He knew that he wanted to have his own space as soon as possible. He had quite some savings from all his years of working as a doctor, and was also getting a small army pension, so whoever had thought that vampires loved grey and boring places to live at was an idiot.
John learnt how to treat patients, how to operate on them and when the Plague consumed London, Bowker helped Nathaniel Hodges, one of the few physicians actively fighting against the disease.
"Missed me?" he teased, lowering his chin and looking at the young man from beneath his eyelashes.
The next morning, John was up before everyone else and he spent the time exploring the building until he stumbled upon a library. He almost went right past it, figuring it was closed at this early hour, yet a sliver of light caught his eye.
"Hello, Sherlock. It's quite late already. Is something the matter?"
John's stomach sank. Whatever he had felt at meeting Sherlock again after so many years had dissipated before it could bloom into more.
By 2008 Sherlock had made it a job for himself to solve cases and earn money with it. His foster-father Mr Hudson turned out to be a drug dealer, who fled to Florida to avoid arrest, dragging his wife with him to use her as leverage. When Sherlock heard of it, he flew to the States to help the police by ensuring the conviction and execution of Mrs Hudson's husband. The by then elder lady was very grateful for it and helped Sherlock to find a flat of his own in London. He settled down in 221B Baker Street with Mrs Hudson living close-by. She visited him often to check on him by cooking some meals or cleaning his flat, which got very messy when Sherlock had a case that took up all his concentration. Sometimes they had chats about the past and on very rare occasions they spoke about John and where he could be and what had happened to him. Sherlock tried to avoid those conversations, though. No matter how many years had passed, it still hurt that John had just left like that.
Their eyes met and in that moment, John knew they were both doomed. Only his death could have stopped him from leaning forward, from closing the distance between them and sealing his lips over hers. They fell into bed that same day, and Diane made it back to their home just in time for her husband’s return.
“Off now; be good to your mother.” John ruffled Hamish’s hair, earning himself an exasperated sigh, and watched as his wife and child pulled the cart down the street, joining the masses that had the same idea.
John lifted an eyebrow at that, taking a closer look at Sherlock.
With a chuckle, Sherlock did just that.
"I must inform you to not touch the portraits or any other private items in this household. Please bear in mind that many of them are antique family heirlooms and have to be handled with caution," he said in a stern tone of voice.
One of the best breakthroughs was the invention of bloodbags which vampires could purchase in hospitals. Some of them still relied on hunting animals to indulge their wild nature, but the more civilised vampires, who felt more like an elite, took to the bloodbags. Although only a small percentage of humans knew about the existence of vampires – mostly those who catered for their needs like hospitals and pharmacies – there was a higher awareness for the possible existence of them.
"How about this?" John asked, taking out a white T-shirt, blue jeans and a dark woollen jacket.
With a wink she turned away and John surveyed the room to see whom she was referring to. When he found the person, it hit John like a stake to the heart.
Only when he analysed the pills, which had been used to kill the vampires, did he find out that they consisted of several toxic components he had never seen in this concoction. Knowing that his little brother was working the case, Mycroft got all this information and forwarded them to the Council.
"You barge in here, speak of murders and don’t introduce yourselves properly. Who do you think you are? I can have you thrown out of here in a mere second," he spoke in a threatening voice.
"Welcome to Knebworth House, lady and gentlemen," he greeted them with a polite but tight smile. "I’ve been informed that you’ve come to have a look at our portraits. Some of them are very old and need proper care, which is why I have been tasked with overseeing your work."
John approached him until he caught sight of sharp teeth. He froze, trying to make sense of what he saw. The man’s eyes were wild and fixed on John’s arm and the blood-stained cloth.
He went for help to Estrode in a near panic, thinking this “thing”, as he called it, would rip apart his lovely wife but Estrode merely laughed.
"Well, that concludes our meeting. Your belongings have already been collected. Official records will show that Osmond Sacker was killed in action. My colleagues will take you to our headquarters where you will meet the rest of the unit and acquire your orders first thing in the morning."
By now, Sherlock could tell that John felt quite confident when he entered one of them, after all he was surrounded by his kind and he knew how to handle them. Vampires were cautious creatures, even after all these centuries and although humans had a vague idea that they really existed. They used smell and observation to ascertain if someone was to be trusted. So as soon as he and Sherlock had entered, all eyes of the room, from whatever table or crook in the last corner of the club, had fallen on them for the entrance was visible from every spot of the establishment. Sherlock knew enough about vampires that he was sure that John had looked casually through the room and assessed how many people were around – twenty-six vampires and eighteen humans (eleven women and seven men) – and how many of them focused on whom of them.
“He is
Barging into his life now with news about his sister would not only take him away from Chelsea and rob the area of a gifted doctor, but also cause John much personal suffering. Since if he actually managed to find his sister and persuade her to come with him, getting her back on her feet would be a task of monumental proportions.
"Murders?" she gasped, rising from her chair. "I don’t know what you are talking about. Are you with the police?"
"Yet given the lady’s absence and Miss Hooper’s stellar qualifications, I am sure diverging from protocol will be acceptable," Sherlock immediately rebuked, completely calm and reasonable. He was playing a part, John noticed, and playing it rather well.
He was the older vampire. He could play that to his advantage.
“You’re quite right but I’m not interested. I’m a business man, so I’m only interested in business. I wouldn’t know your real name either, so let’s not bother with that.” John gave her his most sincere smile that did funny things to Sherlock, so he hoped that the woman was persuaded in any way as well.
“It’s good to see you, too, Sherlock,” John finally managed. “Why are you inside my house?”
"Don't expect much. They gave me something they thought would be only temporary and so far I haven't had the time to look for my own flat," he explained, opening a grey door that blended in with the bland colour of a long corridor.
John could see her thoughts reflected in her features, but self-preservation eventually won out over defiance.
Sherlock’s eyes found his again and the pleasure displayed in them upon hearing the praise would have taken John’s breath away if he had had the need to breathe.
This tour was not Billy Murray's first rodeo, as they said. He had seen gruesome things, heroic things… but never anything quite like Osmond Sacker and his best mate. They got out of situations no one should be able to get out of, unscathed nonetheless, just to barge into the next danger that presented itself. Osmond was a fellow medic, just like Bill, and when it came to missions that needed medical personnel able to hold their own in the field, Osmond and Bill usually were their first choice.
His companion did not give him any reprieve before opening the doors and leading him into the room. It was long and rectangular with an oval-shaped table in the middle, two windows, one ventilation shaft and no other exits. People were standing together in groups, invested in conversations. Only a few looked up when they heard him come in and most did not even spare him a second glance. However, one pair of eyes that found John’s was familiar – Henricus Estrode was speaking with Mycroft Holmes at the other end of the room.
“I attended Cambridge after sixth form –” John gave a low whistle, clearly impressed. Sherlock refused to blush. “Reading chemistry, officially, but mostly I visited whatever lectures struck my fancy.”
Suddenly John stopped and closed his eyes to empower his other senses. His brows creased in concentration as he drowned out the birds and unnecessary voices. With his sight blocked out, Sherlock’s enticing smell was nearly too much for John but he pushed past his urge to scent his neck and was able to not only make out Sherlock’s rather loud respiration but also a very subtle breathing beyond one of the doors on their right-hand side. He snapped his eyes open, met Sherlock’s curious stare and pointed to the second door on their right.
He saw the Glorious Revolution abolish the royal absolutism, the union of Scotland and England bring prosperity to Scotland, and watched the Jakobite wars come and go. The Industrial Revolution in the nineteenth century caused a population increase which tempted many vampires to help get rid of elderly people that were just slowing down the country’s progress.
"221B Baker Street," Sherlock told the driver before settling on the back seat.
John stumbled past it, remembering now that he had sent his family away from the disastrous horror that had gutted one third of the city within the past two days. His hunger became stronger and after what felt like hours he finally managed to find a way out of the rubble and reached the undestroyed part of the city. He was hit with thousands of smells he had never smelt before, infiltrating his mind and demanding a name for what they were. Confused and overwhelmed, John sat down next to a well that was used to get water from and asked a woman if he could have a sip from her ladle that she used to put water into a cup. She looked at him with kind eyes and gave him a drink.
One week later – he had just come back from work and was walking along the pavement to his flat – a beautiful blonde lady stepped into his way. He recognised her immediately by her eyes. They were the same shade as Sherlock’s and she had the same shaped mouth.
Sherlock inclined his head. "Sometimes, when a case required it. Come on."
Everhart raised a suspicious eyebrow but inclined his head for John to continue.
“I shall expect better news upon your return tonight.”
“Some food sustains my energy,” John replied patiently. “And the land is vast here, full of mammals I can feed on. As rarely as possible, however. I don’t appreciate the taste in the slightest.” His lips curled into a smile of their own volition, yet Hamish failed to see the humour in his statement.
John squeezed his eyes shut and his entire body grew rigid as the man tried to obey. His grip on Sherlock's arm tightened almost painfully, yet after seemingly endless seconds John released him with a low sigh – a habit from his human days that sometimes resurfaced, centuries later. Sherlock watched in fascination as the vampire in front of him morphed back into John Watson.
“I won't return tonight.”
"Probably not unharmed, though," he commented, not missing how Sherlock swallowed. "Good thing I’m not in the mood for a swim, then. Never underestimate older vampires."
Bill looked around, glad that the others were securing the perimeter and ensuring that all hostiles had been taken care of. Then, with another glance to Osmond, he dug his fingers into the wound, feeling for the shell of the bullet that caused so much pain. Osmond didn't scream.
Sherlock wasn’t certain what to expect from the woman – whether she would manage to keep her face blank or give something away. Her reaction fell in the middle. The sly smile playing about the corner of her mouth was noticeable, as was the spark of recognition in her eyes.
John made it ten steps out of Victoria’s building before using his vampire speed to rush both him and Sherlock into a narrow side street where he could be sure not to be overheard.
Sherlock huddled closer into John's side at the thought of his childhood friend suffering the same fate while selfishly hoping John would continue. There was little way of knowing whether what John said was sincere or a mere half-truth tailored to win over their mark, and yet he liked to think this was John's way of telling him things neither of them had mentioned yet.
John accepted, and Mycroft went his merry way. He was amused that nothing seemed to have changed between the two brothers since he saw them twenty years ago.
“Oh, maybe another week or two.”
John leaned back in his chair slowly. He despised the smirk that blossomed on Victoria’s face.
Just then, something touched his thigh. A hand – Sherlock’s hand, a reassuring weight. Looking to his human companion would be a blatant show of weakness, which Sherlock was certainly aware of. Maybe that was why he had chosen to reach out, John wondered. The grip was firm, a non-verbal “It’s okay”. John swallowed. It wasn’t okay, not for him, but Sherlock was right. They had a case and this was the only way to solve it.
Mycroft would need to keep a closer eye on both his brother and the vampire. Solving crimes might have settled Sherlock somewhat, yet his impulsive tendencies still remained, and paired with a dark creature with an affinity for danger? That was a combination that courted trouble.
He watched as Sherlock’s lips thinned. Other than that the man gave no visible reaction, so John decided to wrap up the interrogation.
"And hidden the fact that you still live in the quarters my brother organised for you?" Sherlock shot back, but his voice was tinged with mirth. He glanced around once more, then shook his head. "You will be moving as soon as we are back from this mission."
"Don’t be daft, Sherlock – her uncle is probably going to be there and
As Miss Adler began, Mycroft let his gaze wander, taking in the expressions of the selected operatives.
"Well, knowing about the houses won’t help us much unless you can tell us which one she chose."
That earned him another chuckle and Sherlock had no chance except to follow, not that he would even consider leaving John alone right now. They escaped the club in record time, John's fingers a hard pressure on Sherlock's wrist as he was tugging him around a corner and into a dark alley, away from the crowds and prying eyes. The grip loosened as John slumped against the nearest wall, eyes closed.
John, who was reclining comfortably on the sofa, gave Everhart a reassuring smile and nodded. "We met a couple years ago and did each other some favours in some… business," he said, his voice ending on a meaningful connotation.
in Kensington, particularly on Fridays. Her red, wavy hair is impossible to miss."
The urge to sink his teeth into the delicate wrist threatened to overpower John, blood and scent calling out to him unlike it ever had before. He could do it, too – Sherlock wouldn’t stop him, not during the case, and he also wouldn’t be able to throw John off when the vampire put him under his thrall.
John glanced at the cabbie, who had his glass partition closed, before looking at Sherlock.
“If that is what you want to call it. Come with me of your own volition and you will learn to control and use your abilities.”
John couldn’t help the warm smile that formed on his face. “Yes, she’s quite brilliant at that, isn’t she?”
While Sherlock was busy stripping John of his clothing, the former army captain’s brain had gone from panic at the first realization of what Sherlock was doing, to fear as he knew what he would be forced to reveal as soon as the fabric slipped off his shoulder, to calm as he remembered whose hands were lovingly upon him. As Sherlock’s hands came to the end of their journey, John opened his eyes and looked up into his partner’s laser blues. Only one word filled his mind at that moment—trust. John took Sherlock’s roaming hands and placed them in Sherlock’s lap, then looked down to pull his own shirt out from where it was being held hostage at his waistline. There were two more buttons that John unfastened, along with the buttons at his wrists.
“Oh, he’s such a doll,” Mary offered.
As he stood in the threshold between the kitchen and sitting room, Sherlock noticed John talking with Molly. He was wearing a soft, tan, cashmere jumper (one that Sherlock had bought for him because
“I know,” John breathed. “I want you to.”
As Sherlock slowly began to adapt to the room’s new atmosphere, he spun slowly around as if taking in every molecule surrounding him.
Mycroft, who had quickly tired of riling up his younger sibling and was anxious to end the call, simply stated, “I’ll text you the details of the appointment. Oh, and I’ll text you the details of that international spy ring that you’ve refused to help us with … until now. Good day, brother mine.”
John answered, “Not all scars are external, my love.”
Yes, it was strange, John thought as he pulled down two glasses and a bottle of whiskey from the shelf.
There was no use trying to deny that he had fallen for John’s plan, scheme, whatever one might want to call it. If Sherlock said that he knew it all along, he would just look foolish. If he walked off in a huff (which he really didn’t want to do because John was winding his fingers through Sherlock’s hair and the feeling was glorious!) he would just look like an arse. No. Sherlock had been cleverly duped, and instead of feeling put out or embarrassed, he felt intense admiration for John’s cleverness. Sherlock’s face broke slowly into a smile—a genuine, for-John-only smile.
Sherlock then pulled back and out and both men released quick breaths. The younger man continued pushing in and pulling back, each time going a bit deeper … giving a little more … taking a little more … and stretching his partner wider. John could feel himself opening up, receiving Sherlock more easily, and with each push gave his lover breathless encouragement. Finally, Sherlock groaned as he pushed inside as deep as he could, eliciting a responding groan from the man beneath him. A sharp shiver made its way down both of their spines as Sherlock pulled back slightly and pushed forward again, completely engulfed by John, who emitted a louder, lengthier groan.
“She’s 18 years old.”
Sherlock’s heart stuttered a beat as he realized the fourth person in the group was John, who had been obviously ambushed by the trio. His facial expression was caught somewhere between an embarrassing blush and an aching cringe, his usual self-confidence floundering, which in Sherlock’s mind was completely unacceptable. As the detective approached the group he could only decipher the tail end of what probably had been a trying conversation.
And although Sherlock chose to whine and complain in the days leading up to the awards ceremony, he had to admit, his ensemble did look smart and he secretly hoped the doctor would be pleased. This thought brought him back to a group of perplexing items in John’s wing of Sherlock’s mind palace.
Both men grappled and groped and finally freed each other of their remaining clothing. Mouths kissed and hands grabbed among intermittent grunts and gasps as their erections swelled between them. John, who realized at that rate they’d both be spent within a few minutes, reached down with his left hand and grasped both of their cocks.
All of a sudden, Irene’s face lit up with a genuine smile, “Speaking of friends …” Sherlock turned his head to follow Irene’s gaze that was now brushing past his shoulder. “Mary!” she yelled and waved.
“Well, it was an invitation of sorts,” John stated.
John chuckled, shaking his head slightly, then quickly pulled Sherlock into a lip-locking kiss.
“I’m truly sorry I couldn’t go with you to help move Rosamund into her dormitory.”
The sound of a gunshot echoed mercilessly throughout the building.
“Well, I don’t know,” John said. “In the past you couldn’t go 24 hours without a case before wanting to pull out your hair. And I know we’re both older now and things have … happened. Priorities have shifted. But still … I thought the pandemic and the self-isolating and the lack of crime would have you climbing the walls by now.”
Sherlock was becoming drunk on power at causing such a reaction in John. And John was enjoying the moment. So, Sherlock pumped precisely into him again. “Aaaahhh … you mad man … you brilliant, mad man,” came John’s response.
“Thank you,” he nodded, then exited the car.
As if on cue, both men leaned their faces toward one another, lips locking securely, moving effortlessly, probing deeply, drawing comfort and providing love. Sherlock was the first to break the kiss, but his mouth continued to trail gentle touches on John’s cheek, eyelids and forehead, along his hairline and down to his ear where the detective softly spoke, “I miss our daughter, too.”
“However, John, you’ve made an inaccurate assumption in your deduction,” the detective continued.
“You know,” John shook his head. “After all these years, you’d think I’d get used to your spot-on deductions. But you still amaze me. Every. Single. Time.”
the final words came out in a whisper.
Sherlock turned off his phone, tossed it onto his chair and grasped John’s waist to pull him closer. He then planted a soft kiss to his blogger’s forehead.
Sherlock was now panting.
Or, so Sherlock thought.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock looked away, the mental processor in his mind churning and grinding.
Suddenly John received clarity like he’d never known. A rapid succession of pictures flashed in his mind—
John brought his own palm up to his mouth and placed a small kiss on his fingers. “This,” he said, as he reached around and touched his palm gently to the center of Sherlock’s back, “is for those scars.”
“Yeah,” John barely managed.
Thank you for taking the time to read! I hope you enjoyed it. :)
Three weeks after the invitation arrived …
Sherlock’s heart pounded sending pulsing waves throughout his body.
At some unknown signal, the large hand that was immobilizing John’s forearm moved and yanked the blindfold from his head. As John blinked furiously, his eyes adjusting to the dim light, he could make out the figure of Mary about three meters away, mouth taped shut, on her knees, facing him, hands secured behind her back. Her make-up was smeared and her eyes looked weary. John looked at her and, although they had been in the middle of divorce proceedings, he still felt compassion toward her … still felt a sense of gratefulness for the meaning she had brought back into his life after Sherlock had jumped from Barts. She and John had been through so much as they suffered together through the miscarriage of their child and then the freefall of their marriage.
John had put his life on the line for Sherlock in the past. That was a fact. But Sherlock didn’t want just the facts anymore. Not after John had opened his eyes to another dimension. Sherlock darted through the room looking for something more than just the cold, hard facts. He wanted the truth. He
“Why don’t
John was glad he was faced away from his friend, because the grin that broke out across his face was too large to hide. Finally, he shut off the water, dried his hands with a tea towel, steeled himself and turned around so he was facing Sherlock.
Soon, Sherlock’s mind had returned to thinking about “important” things like experiments, and murders and the micro-organisms awaiting their turn under his microscope. However, a few minutes later as he slid the final glass plate under the lens, he couldn’t help his wandering mind as it noted how the cluster of cells he was viewing looked exactly like John’s hair when he wakes up in the morning.
“What are you doing?” she “yelled” in a hushed tone.
John’s wide-eyed stare searched his partner’s face waiting for some sort of reaction that he could live with. Suddenly, Sherlock, becoming aware that he was being watched, turned his face to look at John. What he saw in his partner’s eyes caused him to swallow hard. This man. This normally confident, courageous man was looking at Sherlock with eyes that conveyed self-consciousness and anxiety married with … worrying hope.
“Yes,” Sherlock answered, as he fell into a trance gazing at John’s deep, blue eyes; his long, blonde eyelashes; his strong, sturdy face; and his thin, wet lips.
The heat of the kiss increased and the couple found themselves clumsily making their way to sitting positions on the edge of Sherlock’s bed, their bodies continuing to touch, their lips still moving in unison. Finally, Sherlock’s hands, which had been groping every inch of John’s jumper, began peeling the woolen barrier slowly up the man’s body. The two of them broke their kiss momentarily so Sherlock could free it from John’s upper body, and threw the article of clothing with a flourish to the far end of the room. Then, like a gasping fish out of water, John’s mouth closed over Sherlock’s and they were sharing breath like it was a matter of survival.
Sherlock groaned in frustration at the uselessness of the conversation. He shoved himself forcefully away from the table. Both Mary and Irene looked at him startled as he grabbed his bag and turned to walk away.
John thought he was going to be sick. Not only was Moriarty going to force him to decide, he was going to have John do the dirty work as well. John’s mind raced for anything, anything at all that looked like a way out of this.
“I understand you,” said John.
“Case?” John inquired, knowing full well that it was.
John hoped Sherlock wouldn’t look at him any differently in the future after witnessing the physical remnants of war. He hoped Sherlock wouldn’t bestow pity on him. He hoped Sherlock wouldn’t look upon him as an experiment. And, he hoped the scar wouldn’t prove to be a distraction during times of intimacy. John was playing every worry on a loop inside his mind, but that loop came to a screeching halt as John experienced what happened next.
First hurdle of nerves … cleared. But … there would be more ahead.
think they're an idiot?"
“Thank you,” Sherlock repeated, “for your service.”
“You have scratches all over your face and the area around your eye is starting to swell!”
When Sherlock entered the room where the reception was being held, his eyes scanned the crowd and alighted on a group of four men, three of whom were talking animatedly. He quickly and confidently deduced that the first man was a highly-distinguished neurosurgeon with a cheating wife and a high-strung, misbehaving cocker spaniel. The second was a GP, with a prescription drug habit and an affinity for hair product. And the third, was a vascular surgeon, dating an affluent American heiress and currently in the midst of declaring personal bankruptcy.
As the final veil of emotional ignorance was lifted from Sherlock, John disappeared in an instant, along with his room. And the detective was left shaking outside the doors of his Mind Palace, alone and exhausted.
Before he could say another word, John found himself on his back, pressed firmly into the mattress with Sherlock’s lanky body enshrouding him. Sherlock cradled John’s head in his hands, like it was the most treasured thing in the world, and his mouth dove for John’s, as the deepest love and passion overtook him. Tongues battled like swordsman parrying and lunging without sign of retreat.
Finally, as John’s face formed a contented grin, Sherlock’s mirrored it and he slowly stood up, pulling the other man to his feet. Then, before he lost command of the moment, Sherlock bent his neck slightly downward while tipping John’s chin upward and connected their lips in a soft, but urgent way.
Then, John felt Sherlock’s lips and tongue begin to lap up the salty streams of tears that were trickling down John’s face. He grasped Sherlock and clung to him as the detective continued to place soft kisses all over his cheeks and neck.
—it was like a series of shutter stops and John’s eyes were truly opened. He saw. … He observed. … He knew. His taut body relaxed a bit, yet a small pool of emotion rose up and almost overtook him as he now thought about the things that were … and the things that never were to be.
Then, Sherlock did the only thing he could think of. The only thing that made sense. He gently grasped the front of John’s jumper, slowly leaning forward so barely a millimeter separated their lips, then took his own voice down to an eerily low octave and quietly breathed, “Brilliant.”
“I-I’m sorry,” said John. “Thank you for what you’re doing … for all of us.”
Finally, Sherlock let go of John’s waist, clasped his hand, and led him down the hallway to the bedroom, looking back, as if to double check that John was still okay with this progression. John was more than okay with how things were going, allowing himself to be pulled along, not really sure if his feet were touching the floor … and not really caring. With the fond look Sherlock gave him, John returned a besotted, school-boy grin … (again) not really caring. Throughout the short journey to the bedroom, it was a dazed yet exhilarating feeling John experienced. The Work had always come first and he had always accepted his silver medalist place with Sherlock. But today, well … today, John and their relationship were the priority … and it was all gold.
Sherlock turned and noticed a small, blonde-haired woman with bright blue eyes making her way toward them.
Sherlock nearly grabbed the wall for support. His mouth formed a perfect “O” as he stared awestruck at John. Just then, Mrs. Hudson walked by and gave Sherlock a brief kiss on the cheek. “Above you,” she stated, as her gaze drifted to the mistletoe under which Sherlock was cluelessly standing. He looked up with heartbreaking disappointment as it dawned on him …
The sexual fog that was permeating the room was causing a delayed reaction in Sherlock’s brain, but when the synapses resumed their firing, he realized what John planned to do, and it shook Sherlock to the core. He looked at his partner and spoke in an astonished whisper. “You trust me.” It was a question, a statement and an exclamation.
Sherlock looked at John as if he’d made his point clear, and John desperately wanted the detective to feel understood, but the doctor’s facial expression must have betrayed his confusion, because Sherlock’s face wilted a little and he looked back down at the glass in his lap. “That is to say,” he mumbled. “I’ve learned that certain people I know provide an endless source of fascination for me.”
“I know,” replied Mary dreamily.
“You.”
“So, you received an important-looking envelope the other day,” Sherlock began. He was propped on a seat at the kitchen table viewing glass slides with his microscope. “Fancy stationary. Gold seal. Important. Obviously.” He waved his hand dismissively.
"I ... don't ... even ... know how to respond to that."
John peeked down at the mass of black, curly hair that was touching his chin and began to run his fingers through it. He could feel the weight of Sherlock’s collapsed body on top of him, Sherlock’s hot breath on his chest and the beating of Sherlock’s heart with his own. John was loathe to move, but he knew sleep would be settling in quickly and the practical side of him would rather do a quick clean-up now than have to deal with things later.
Sherlock, while keeping his eyes on John’s face, raised his hand, and long, nimble fingers gently caressed John’s scar. “Thank you,” Sherlock said in a low, soft tone.
John finally took a few steps and sat down in his chair, because of course, there was an exact copy of John’s chair in John’s room of Sherlock’s Mind Palace.
Sherlock’s defiance was quickly thwarted when Irene proceeded to kick him in the shin then duck under the table, causing the young man to yelp. As he bent over to grab his leg, the front of his shirt was suddenly pulled tight and he found himself face-to-face with the fiery co-ed crouched underneath the table. “Get down here, NOW!” Irene hissed.
?” John replied with a quirk of an eyebrow. “Since I’m pretty sure you’ve already read it.”
And suddenly, Sherlock (whose breathing had become labored) really, really,
Within the last few months or so, Sherlock had been experiencing thoughts and feelings that he hadn’t experienced before. Thoughts and feelings that seemed to swirl around his flatmate. And every time he began to experience a particular thought or feeling, he’d place it on a shelf and store it away in his mind palace, promising himself that he’d examine it when he had some time.
“Yes, but that could take a few more weeks and—“
John returned the smile, then turned and walked out the door, closing it in his wake. He paused for a moment then turned around and brushed the smooth panel with his hand. “Good-bye, Mary Watson,” he whispered.
“Oh, my love,” John finally whispered.
“I know,” John spoke decidedly, as his hand instinctively reached for Sherlock’s cheek. “I love you, too.”
Their mouths found each other again and long, deep kisses, one after the other ensued as John’s hands began their own quest to divest Sherlock of his clothing. Now it was Sherlock’s turn to panic.
"It's highly probable."
Even though Sherlock knew it was physically impossible to go any deeper inside John, his brain was at a point where logic was out the window. John wanted him to go deeper, so he was going to try. He pulled back and plunged forward a little more forcefully. But this time, John’s body also pushed boldly to meet his. Like continual waves hitting a coastline, surges of want and need crashed between them as beads of sweat, like raindrops, ran down their bodies.
As Sherlock found his way upstairs and into the sitting room, he took in all of the ways he could tell John had recently been in the flat. Then at once, he recalled two nights ago when he watched John sleep, and Sherlock quickly strode to his own bedroom. Once inside he sank onto the bed and proceeded to breathe in John’s scent from the pillow and duvet, clutching them both as if they were the man himself. He let himself indulge for just a few moments and then, deducing that John would be home …
“You mean, you wanted to give them an opportunity to chat without me making deductions and perhaps ruining the moment,” Sherlock glared at her.
“I think I’ll take you to bed,” John spoke breathlessly.
John shook his head sorrowfully, “No. No, Sherlock. I saw the scars. The horrors you must have faced. You sacrificed so much in those two years!”
Off to John’s right there was an inordinate amount of scuffling, footsteps and muffled pleas. Then, there seemed to be several people amassing in front of him, but only one of them making any vocal noise. The rest of the sounds were just a combination of the whoosh and rubbing of fabric, shuffling footsteps and a lot of extraneous clicks, thuds and stomps. John recognized the female’s high-pitched mumble. “Mary?!” he yelled, to which the woman grunted in the affirmative.
He turned and walked deliberately toward John, who was now standing and staring intensely at him. As the gap closed between them, the spell was cast and neither one could look away from the other. Sherlock searched the depths of John’s eyes frantically and at first wasn’t even sure what he was seeing. But then the realization rushed through him with hurricane force. This time, the fact
Sherlock had so much information to process that he was at a complete loss as to how to respond. He continued looking at John, waiting for some sort of cue. And then it came.
John grasped his own cock and began to stroke it, but something, or rather
His gaze then made the inevitable journey to John’s shoulder where an army battle scar stood at attention. It looked like a collection of gnarled tree roots, the healing process obviously impeded by infection. To anyone else, it would have caused a flinch or furled brow at least … or averted eyes at most. But Sherlock’s eyes were unblinkable and his expression was unwavering. He was studying it like a student at university who was preparing for a test. Every connection where wrinkled skin bonded with the smooth layer, every bump and valley and every slight discoloration found its way to John’s room in Sherlock’s Mind Palace. But Sherlock wasn’t the only one who was studying.
“I … I want you … inside me.”
Relief and happiness spread instantly across John’s face as he simply replied, “Good. That’s good.” Ducking his head, John turned his back to Sherlock and began to walk into the sitting room when he murmured, “I’m looking forward to our date.”
Moriarty ripped the tape from Mary's and Sherlock's mouths. “Any final words?” he asked. “Well, for one of you at least.”
So I decided to just go ahead and post the final three chapters and wrap up the story. I hope you enjoy them. Thank you so much for reading!
“Nowhere. It’s nothing,” Sherlock responded, letting out a shallow breath. “You were saying?”
“Are you sure you want me … to …
John’s eyes went wide and his mouth opened slightly.
Sherlock’s thoughts were as unruly as his curls were behaving at that moment. John had insisted that they host a Christmas Eve party for friends and family because
“Stop flailing and just reach up with your other hand!” a desperate plea from a familiar baritone came washing down upon his ears.
“Be happy, John,” she replied with a smile.
After a few minutes, Sherlock reluctantly conceded. “This is childish,” the detective spat.
Sherlock looked at John incredulously, which at this point in their lives didn’t even phase the doctor.
John pulled Sherlock’s face closer to his and practically growled, “Then show me your research, Mr. Holmes.”
As if on cue, the car stopped, the door opened and John found himself walking up the steps of his former flat. He passed two hawkish-looking males posted in the main entry as he made his way upstairs. Once inside he stopped momentarily to look at the sitting room (papers and books strewn about) before peeking into the kitchen (experiments haphazardly placed on every conceivable surface). For some reason, a wave of comfort rushed through him and he felt safe and … at home. It was a sensation he hadn’t experienced in a very long time.
John refrained from rolling his eyes. God, the Holmes brothers certainly had a flair for the dramatic.
As their lips continued on this new adventure, Sherlock’s hands began their own explorations, making their way to John’s back. He gently swirled his palms in circles and finally planted them near John’s hips in a way that anchored Sherlock, which was a necessity since he felt like a balloon ready to float away.
Suddenly, the chatting between John and Mary, along with the conversations of the two hundred or so people in the commons turned to white noise as Sherlock not only processed the words he just heard, but simultaneously turned his head and found his own face within a meter of John Watson’s legs. And without warning, Sherlock’s mouth felt dry, his breathing became quite labored and his mind clicked back into the same gear it had been in two weeks ago when a beat-up little car drove through the middle of campus—John-Watson-observaton-deduction-and-consequential-lust gear.
John giggled as he lovingly looked at Sherlock, who hovered over him in puzzled wonder. John spoke, “Answer me this, my love. Have you or have you not researched what to do, how to do it, how to make your partner comfortable, how to make your partner scream in ecstasy, the perfect condoms to buy and how much lube to use?”
John silently spoke as he looked at her.
Sherlock shouted.
Sherlock rolled his eyes yet again. He could hear mundane pleasantries being exchanged and a question about why Mary’s friends were on their hands and knees under the table. Then, something about the conversation caught his attention.
Mycroft allowed the doctor his rant and when he was for the most part certain that it had come to its inevitable conclusion, he spoke.
Sherlock was always hopeless to resist when John’s eyes met his and the words “for me” were spoken from his lips. Sherlock pushed his throbbing cock slowly and meticulously, just a few centimeters into John. He took in every sensation that was immediately coursing through his body and was keenly aware of every reaction his partner was having. John felt a burning sensation, but he’d been through much worse in his life. And besides, he knew what the final prize would be and he wasn’t about to let a slight discomfort stop him from claiming it.
They pulled back slightly and looked at each other. Their dark-pupiled eyes cast almost magical spells, and neither man wanted to be the first to look away. Suddenly, Sherlock’s mobile made a buzzing noise, breaking the trance and causing both of them to blink as their senses took hold of them again. It was a startling sound at the moment, seeing as how the phone had been silent for the past several days thanks to Mycroft’s blocking of all of Sherlock’s incoming texts and calls while the business with Moriarty was being concluded. Sherlock glanced at his mobile.
John’s baser instincts clicked into place and he lunged at the man, “You’re insane!”
Sherlock dropped the items, sat back on his heels and looked at John intently. His mind was swirling.
And, there it was.
“Oh, God,” John whispered in horror.
By the time the car stopped for good and John had removed his blindfold and was being lead into a small, office-like building, he had deduced that they were in the vicinity of Heathrow. His nerves were starting to the get the better of him as he followed Mycroft through a maze of doors and hallways. Suddenly, the gentleman stopped in front of a large, closed wooden door.
"Let's go then," he urged. "I'm hungry."
Sherlock parked the car and then they followed the small crowd of people around the house. As it turned out they were headed towards the Manor’s gardens. They passed an imposing coach house and stable block to the south and two menacing-looking wyverns flanking the fenced entrance to the yard which was guarded by two armed men dressed in a black and white uniform.
, John thought,
The detective was pale – paler than usual, his breathing erratic and his pulse spiking. John cupped Sherlock’s face with a hand, tilting it down to meet John’s eyes.
John’s eyes narrowed abruptly at that. It was considered rude to tell a vampire that you wanted to drink from their life source. Only close friends shared their pets and only if the pet’s owner offered it. The fact that John couldn’t claim Sherlock as his own, because he lacked a mark, rid him off the entitlement of feeling angry about Victoria’s wish. So far, Sherlock wasn’t his pet… yet. He longed to ask Sherlock in the near future if he would like to become his life source but in reality he wanted something else. Something he wasn’t sure Sherlock would agree to.
"Civil," Sherlock stated flatly.
“That’s enough,” John snapped after maybe three hundred millilitres had slipped past her tongue.
Oh, of course – even Sherlock was able to pick out the prominence of that particular fragrance in the crowded room. Judging by the in part animalistic behaviour of some of the vampires present, it posed a considerable challenge to everyone's self-restraint. How John was feeling was hard to imagine. Sherlock hadn't asked him yet about his habits, yet he knew for a fact that the blood MI5 supplied its vampires with was by no means fresh. Sherlock would have loved nothing more than to satisfy his curiosity, but felt reluctant to do so after all these years of separation. John and he needed to get reacquainted again, especially in light of the other man's vampiric nature.
“You actually do want them to rebel, don’t you? Is that why you are doing this? To provoke insurgence, and drive us to a premature revelation?”
“So you know where Mr MacCafferty is hiding.” John didn’t phrase it as a question.
He tried to explain but the mere mention of the word 'experiment' made the woman explode anew, accusing Sherlock of reckless behaviour and stupidity and alternating this with uncomfortably tight hugs and woeful exclamations of "You could have died in the fire!"
John nodded curtly, his back straightening in preparation. He had certainly been a very capable soldier, Sherlock mused. The mental image of John Watson in a uniform, however, was the last thing he needed right now, so he shook his head. With a deep intake of breath that failed to steady his increasing pulse, Sherlock stepped closer. The move placed him inside John's personal space.
"Her wardrobe?" Trevelyan repeated, eyebrows raised.
Those interested in women might describe her as fit, Sherlock mused as he quickly catalogued everything about her. Her attire consisted entirely of branded products – her summer dress was Burberry, the heeled shoes on her delicate feet Manolo Blahnik, her large sunglasses Gucci. She wore it with that special air of arrogance of the newly rich. Everything about her sparkled and shined with one exception: her tote handbag. There were scratches in the expensive leather, barely visible but damning all the same.
“Oh, Irene lost a contact and Sherlock is helping her look for it,” he could hear Mary commenting. To which John questioned, “Sherlock? Sherlock Holmes?”
John felt like his blood had frozen instantly inside his veins. The realization of Moriarty’s plan sank in quickly. John would be the one who decides who dies—Sherlock or Mary.
that John could sense in him through the simple kiss. It was like two dancers moving in tandem, with John taking the lead now, moving gracefully, but with purpose. When John’s mouth moved one way, Sherlock’s matched the movement. If John’s lips hinted at a release, Sherlock’s lips gently enticed them to stay. Sherlock’s want and need of John only served as continued affirmation that this was not some mere dream John had concocted in his brain, but a real-life happening of which he was a blissful participant.
“So what type of invitation?” Sherlock persisted, internally wincing at his insecure tone.
John’s eyes began to well up and he blew out a breath, trying to calm himself, but it was no use. He looked forlornly from one point to another in the room, gazing at the chairs… the sofa … the desks … even the curtains. They all blended together in a swirl of memories … movie nights, arguments, apologies, laughter. The thoughts clenched at John’s heart and twisted his very being. Overwhelmed with the grief of his loss, he stood in the middle of the room, head bowed, shoulders shaking with silent sobs as his left hand gently cupped tears that cascaded down his face.
"If you don’t tell us then you both will get into trouble," John pointed out. "The quicker we get behind all this, the quicker we can prevent madness to spread out on this island."
“Fire!” William shouted. “There’s a fire!”
A tall man sat down next to him, interrupting his reminiscing. Estrode didn’t need to glance over to know who had joined him at the bar, waving down the barman for a glass of blood.
