"Jimmy, are you sure? We can definitely still all play, there's enough fun to be had for all." Castiel turned and watched as his twin walked to the door.
"That you will be mine, by takin our time." Then Cas leaned in and kissed Dean again, and Dean knew, that this was only the beginning. And Dean was perfectly fine with taking their time, but he had always been Cas'.
"what's gotten I to you Cas. I'm sorry man, I was just teasing, seeing what kind of reaction.... " Dean stammered watching the angel advance on him slowly
"Now, that's better" Dean said standing at the edge of the bed looking down once again at his angel. "Cas, baby I could just stand here and look at you forever." Dean said biting his lip.
Castiel opened his eyes when he felt Dean's fingers in his hair, stroking softly. He cupped his face and pulled him in for a tender kiss. "That was awesome Cas." He said softly. "Can we do it again?"
Dean laughed as he walked out to the dining room, calling for Darla "How's it going sweetie?" Castiel watched him, staring at his ass and thighs and thinking to himself just how sexy they were. He shook his head and looked toward the stove again as he heard Darla yell back a yes and Dean walked back into the kitchen.
"Thank you Dean. " Cas leaned in for what Dean thought was going to be a hug. But no, those were definitely lips he felt on his cheek. It was soft and quick, but yes, Cas had definitely kissed him. "Goodnight Dean" Cas said as he turned toward the door.
"Dammit Cas, lets just forget all about this... can you please just leave." Dean says taking a step closer to the bed.
Dean growled into his mouth before pulling their bodies apart. He stood next to the bed and quickly removed his pants, pulling out a packet of lube and a condom from the pocket before tossing them aside. He placed the foil packets of the stand next to the bed and leaned over kissing Castiel once again.
"Yes Dean,  do you understand now? You cannot hide from me. I'm in you, I can feel the blood run through your veins. I know that when I kiss you here," He touches Dean's ear lobe softly with his lips "That you feel it here." His hand slides down and touches the soft skin just above the waist band of Dean's sweatpants.
Dean continued thrusting up into Jimmy as he rode through his orgasm, the muscles in his ass clenching around Dean and soon he followed Jimmy, thrusting hard as the white heat shot through his body and he came hard inside his tight ass."OH God!" Dean reached up and grabbed him, pulling their bodies together as his body shook with pleasure.
Castiel watched Darla as well, and smiled as he saw her face light up at the two books that he had gotten for her.
Dean chuckled as he backed out of Castiel's way, allowing him to get back to the task at hand. "Cas, technically this is my kitchen."
Castiel's heart leapt in his chest, he really had no interest in the whole church thing, but if it meant he got to spend more time with Dean, and Darla of course, then he would suffer through it. "I'd love to Dean." Castiel smiled.
"Never... Cas... never has anyone ever made me come like that." Dean moaned, trying to regain use of his legs.
Dean wakes  the next morning with a splitting headache. The sun was shining through his window and he groans as he grabs the pillow to cover his eyes. It takes a moment for his brain to focus through the pounding. "Shit!" he says sitting bolt up in bed as pieces of the night before came to him. He reaches over and picks up his phone calling Charlie.
The first time it had happened, it was a completely unintentional. Sam and Dean were eating lunch at a diner in a small town in Ohio when Castiel appeared in the booth next to Dean with information on the case they were working. As Castiel filled them in on the information he had obtained Dean saw something out of the corner of his eye. It took him a moment to realize he was seeing Cas' wings. They were nothing like he had expected, though he wasn't really sure what he had expected, because he hadn't given much thought to Cas even having wings, at least not in the physical sense. Dean slowly turned his head, trying to stay focused on what he was seeing. A couple of times he thought he may have lost them, but suddenly he was looking right at them. They were gorgeous, silver with ashen streaks running through them. Dean couldn't believe he hadn't seen them before, he was mesmerised, he couldn't even hear Cas and Sam talking anymore. Slowly he reached his hand out fingers timidly touching the feathers. They were soft, and he could feel a kind of electricity running through his fingers. His fingers slid deeper into the feathers wrapping them around the warm bone, gently squeezing. A soft vibration ran up Dean's arm and sent a shudder through his body. He let go, with a sigh and quickly looked around, but there didn't seem to be any sign from anyone that he was just fondling the angel's wings. Sam was talking with Cas eating his lunch, and Castiel had just continued filling them in. Save for the faint pink that ran along the edge of his ears, there was no indication at all that Dean just had his hands on him. Dean smiled softly, turning to finish his lunch and discussing the case at hand.
"Dean" Cas said, placing a kiss on his lips. "Certainly if this is a dream, I'm the one having it" He kissed him again, a little deeper. "But if this is just a dream." another kiss "Lets make it a really good one." Cas moved his hands to Dean's belt and quickly unbuckled it and his jeans, forcing them down over his hips and ass. He once again trapped his mouth with his own as he ran his hand under the waistband of Dean's boxers, wrapping his fingers around his hot erection. Dean's fingers bit into Cas' ass as he moaned into his mouth.
We made plans to meet for drinks at our favorite bar so I could meet her new beau, and I figured I should at least put an effort into my appearance tonight, since we were so close to where he lived. I pushed open the door to the bar, scanning for my sister's red hair. I smile and push forward through the crowd when I see her. A hand reaches up and tucks her hair behind her ear as he leans in to whisper something in her ear. I freeze, those lips... my eyes scan further up as those lips pull into a smile, he turns and takes a sip of his beer and my eyes meet his across the crowd. My heart stops, it can't be, it simply cannot be. Everything slows down as my eyes stay locked on his and the moment seems to last an eternity. A tall lanky kid pushes past me and reality crashes in. I watch the kid head for my sister and my... no, her, green-eyed man. I feel my heart wrench and run for the door, not stopping until I closed the door to my apartment.
"Cas, it is hard for me to imagine that you have any kind of problem taking what you want." Dean placed a soft kiss on his lips "and while I cannot honestly say what I would have said, if you came to me alone and told me that you wanted me. I will say that I would have wanted to say yes. And I will say that I have been craving these lips for a very long time." Dean ran his finger over Castiel's bottom lip before once again kissing him.
"That's my good boy." Castiel said as his hand massaged his thighs, slowly working up before grabbing his ass cheeks firmly and spreading them as far as he could. Without any further warning Castiel ran his tongue over the sensitive puckered skin and a shudder ran through Dean's body as it penetrated him, deeper than Dean would have imagined possible. Dean moaned, pushing his ass further up into Castiel's tongue as he lapped at the warm salty skin, getting it nice and spit slicked before attempting to push in a finger. When Castiel's finger met more resistance than he was expecting, he pulled back and reached for the bottle of lube. Slicking his fingers up, he gently eased on finger into Dean, and found that he was tighter than he would have expected. A man with an ass like this, and he was this tight too... Castiel was indeed very lucky. He had a fleeting thought that maybe this was Dean's first time, but he pushed it aside, because there was just no way that he was, Dean was too gorgeous not to have men and women for that matter flinging themselves at him.
"Yea, alright, sounds good" she nods. "So tell me more about this crush of yours"
"Is this okay?" Dean asks
"I'm not leaving you like this, at least let me walk you home" I say to him, and he finally gives in. He mumbles something about living 'just over there' motioning vaguely down the street. I pull out his wallet and check for an address and am happy when I find he doesn't live far. After a bit of convincing, I get him back on his feet and help him to his apartment building.
The cool night air hit me and filled my lungs as a breathed a sigh of relief to be away from the constant thrumming inside the establishment. I turned the corner, decided to walk the three blocks home rather than hailing a cab. A block and a half later I hear yelling coming from one of the alley-ways, before I get there I see three guys running out and down the street. I walk slowly, peering down the dark  alley  I see a figure laying on the ground and hear a pained moan.
The other man smiled licking his lips. "I've been wanting to do that since I saw you sit down in my section. Imagine my disappointment when I realized the old man was your date. And even further when I realized his creepy flirting was just for him." he leaned into Dean, his rough voice rumbling in Dean's ear. "I would have gone home with both of you if I knew you were into it."
Castiel's hands were now wrapped around Dean, pushed below the waistline of his jeans kneading his ass, pulling him in closer. In a smooth motion, after deciding, there were entirely too many layers between them, Castiel moved his hands over Dean's hips,  catching the hem of his shirt and running them up the length of his torso, forcing Dean back he pulled the shirt over his head. He took advantage of the situation by leaning forward and taking Dean's nipple into his mouth, at first slowly rolling his tongue over the pink flesh until it was hard, then taking it between his teeth, biting down gently. Dean groaned loudly, grabbing the back of Castiel's head and pulling him in closer holding him there. Castiel opened his mouth wider and succeed hard, running his tongue over the hard nipple until Dean was whimpering. He then moved his mouth to the other,  while still tweaking the first with his fingers. It was only after he had reduced Dean to a quivering moaning mess that he moved on, kissing and nibbling his way down his stomach, dropping to his knees before him. He ran his tongue over the skin above the denim waist band, then grabbing Dean's ass and pulling him into his face, Castiel mouthed over the front of his jeans, where Dean's dick was impossibly hard trapped just beneath the denim.
"Do you have any idea how much I fucking love you Cas?" Dean asked nuzzled into his neck, as Cas ran his fingers down his back. They were curled into each other, limbs all tangled together.
So this story came about based on an old story I had written and decided to adjust and make it Destiel centric, with a little splash of Jimmy just for shits and giggles... I hope ya'll like it!
Castiel thought for a moment, he really had no plans and couldn't think of anywhere he'd rather be. "I'd love to stay Dean."
Dean pushes the door closed behind him and takes a bold move toward Cas, and Cas is certain this must still be a dream, but people who are dreaming don't know that they are dreaming right? Dean is taking another step toward him, and Cas feels his heart racing in his chest. "Cas... Can I ..." He says softly coming to a stop before him, tongue flicking over his lips as he one again looks down at Cas' hands on his belt.
Dean takes Cas' hand pulling him closer. "I would never" he says sincerely as he slides a hand around Cas' back pulling their bodies together, their mouths less than an inch apart. "Let me show you" Dean whispers just before pressing his lips to Cas' and Cas swears he sees fireworks.
"Darla, Cas has something for you, what do you say?"
"Hello Dean" Cas said after a long moment, sitting up on the couch.
Dean bucked his hips into Castiel slowly, moaning and reaching down running his hands through his hair. When he just couldn't take it anymore, he reached up, unbuttoning his jeans, he needed to relieve some of the pressure. His dick was trapped in a denim prison and being tortured by the most gorgeous mouth he'd ever seen. Castiel looked up at him, his face flushed, his lips pink and swollen, and "Fuck Cas, you're so fucking perfect"
There were days that Dean loved his job, but there were even more where he hated it. Most days he was lucky to have ten customers even walk through the door. However, when he did get a good customer, his commission cut was a nice bonus to his paycheck.  Most days he was alone all day, which was great for his writing, as it gave him plenty of time to work on the novel he had been trying to write for years. But it was also pretty lonely, sitting alone for hours on end with no one to talk to.  His boss, Meg, didn't like him to be using his phone much at work, even if there weren't customers in the store. About a month ago she had even installed a 'security' camera and was able to remotely access it at all hours of the day. Dean hated feeling like he was being spied on. He was a good worker, and his daily duties were done and the customers he did have loved him. Still, it seemed most days he felt trapped in a dead end job that was supposed to be great and fizzled quickly as his boring days dragged by.
"mmmm..." Cas moaned into his neck. "How can I refuse when you ask so nicely" Cas gently untied the tie from his wrists, then softly kissed the marks it had left. "Looks like you're going to have bruises." He said with a touch of worry in his tone.
You see, there was this one guy... Then again, there's always a guy isn't there? But this guy, he was THE guy, or at least thats what I thought at the time. Love at first sight, you know the drill. Beautiful blue eyes, the kind of smile that could pull anyone out of the deepest darkness. And it was amazing, wining and dining me all over the city, until my head was spinning, I was flying high on a cloud over everyone else, could this have been what love was like? And then suddenly, he was gone, and the darkness returned, I thought for sure that I would never find that happiness again.
"The pizzaman."
Cas licks around Dean's entrance, pressing in slowly with his tongue until Dean is moaning wildly above him. Cas pushes Dean's leg up, gaining easier access, slicking up a finger in his mouth before gently pressing it into him. He rather quickly is able to slide a second finger in as his tongue soothes over the stretched skin.
Dean just looks at him in wonder for a moment, then turns to pick up the bag. "Castiel, may I ask one favor of you?"
When Dean was easily taking his fingers, and the small winces had turned completely to whimpers and moans, Castiel hooked his finger, searching for that spot that would...Dean gasped and moaned loudly his hips hitching back grinding down onto Castiel's hand... there it was. Now that he knew right where it was Castiel, gently grazed the bundle of nerves with every thrust.
"Have a good night you two." Castiel said
Dean made quick work of removing his and Castiel's shirts,  unable to resist the skin to skin contact he pushed into him once again,  his lips working over the newly exposed skin. Castiel was coming apart beneath him. His own hands running over Dean's warm muscular body,  fingers digging in as Dean worried his nipple between his teeth. The boy definitely knew how to use that beautiful mouth of his.
"Hello Dean." Dean whipped around in his chair and saw Cas standing there. He hadn't even heard him come in, but there he was, standing not even 3 feet from him in that damn tan coat of his. His face expressionless, but his eyes softly looking at him.
"yes, ma'am" he says, trying not to show how irritated he was.
"Just right baby" Cas says straining his neck up to kiss Dean.
Dean took in a deep breath to steady himself "I don't"
When the movie finished Dean sent Darla to her room to get dressed and get her things around to go to her mother's. The moment he heard the door close Dean pulled Castiel in for a kiss. "I just can't get enough of these damn lips Cas."
"Ungh, Dean! Please! Just...." Cas was at the end of his rope, he couldnt take the teasing anymore. He gathered what leverage he could digging his heels into the bed and thrust his lower body forward, catching Dean in the chin, before sliding down his chest until Dean was now laying flat on his back as Cas straddled his waist.
"D...Dean..." he stammers as Cas runs his hands over his ass, pulling him in closer.
"But did I hurt you?"
"Oh my gosh! Thank you Castiel! I love them."
"Dean... *ung* " Castiel mouthed into his neck.
When their breathing slowed, Dean rolled to his back and Castiel wrapped his body around him, laying his chest on Dean's chest. It was a few more moments before Castiel tilted his head and looked up at Dean."Can I ask you a question?"
Castiel had Dean wait in the room after they washed up while he padded barefoot wearing just his bathrobe to the kitchen and cut a slice of pie. When he walked into the room Dean stared at him hungrily. "Gee Cas, I can't decide which looks more delicious, the pie, or you."
Dean shifted his body closer to Cas' running his hand over the ex angel's warm soft skin, his fingers splaying over his stomach, inching lower, seeking out the soft flesh below his waist line. He let out a soft moan kissing Cas' neck as his fingers wrapped lightly over Cas' soft dick. Cas' breath caught but he didn't wake, he never woke right away in Dean's dreams. It allowed Dean to take his time, showering affection over Castiel's warm flesh, before the heated desire over took him. Dean's fist languidly pumped his hardening cock as his own erection started to grow, pressing into Cas' ass. He let out another soft moan in Castiel's ear before nibbling on it gently.
Castiel smiled up at Dean, he slapped his hands away and took the zipper in his teeth,  pulling it slowly down. His nose was filled with the musk of Dean's arousal, and then suddenly his cock sprung free, practically slapping Castiel in the face. Castiel's eyes went wide as he stared at it. The pink head already leaking, the long vein popped out looking ready to bust. He slowly liked his lips and looked up at Dean who had his eyes locked on Castiel. "Dean, may I?" he asked in a low voice, running his hands up Dean's thighs, grabbing the waist of his jeans and tugging down slightly to free his ass.
Castiel's mouth went slack and emitted a sound that was somewhere between a moan and a sigh before he licked his lips and lifted his hips, searching for contact. Dean grabbed his thighs and pushedhis knees up toward his chest, moving in closer to him. Cas watched as he gripped his cock and pointed to downward and pressed it slowly into him. Cas held his breath as the tip pushed past the tight ring of his hole, there was a bit of pain, and he bit into his lip. Dean paused, searching Cas' face, and he nodded softly.
Dean let out a low groan and pushed Castiel back into the counter "What if I desire to have you on this here counter? "
Before he knows what's happening Dean has him off the bed and thrown against the wall, his body crashing into him as his thigh spread's Cas' legs apart, grinding their hips together. Dean smashing their mouths together so hard Cas can taste blood. 'Finally" Cas thinks as Dean grabs his hair pulling his head back and sinking his teeth into his neck.
"For you to be any more beautiful" he says his eyes flicking up to meet Cas' big blue ones, "but you are constantly proving me wrong on that front.
He grabbed ahold of Cas' cock and started pumping his fist matching every thrust he made into Cas' tight ass. Castiel was biting his lip so hard that it was starting to bleed. Dean leaned forward taking his mouth into his again, tongue running over his lip and lapping up the blood...."Ungh Cas, does that feel good baby?" Dean gasped as he thrust harder and harder into him.. "Hmmm, baby, do you like the way I fuck you?"
Woke up this morning a little...  Well you know...  Went in to reply in a RP...  And this happened....  Here you go!
Darla saw Dean at the door way and bounded toward him "Daddy! Daddy! Look! Santa came! And Castiel stayed over too! This is the best Christmas day ever! Can we open our gifts?" she said pulling at his t-shirt guiding him toward the tree.
Cas grabbed his waist, pulling him in for another kiss before quickly turning him around and pushing him onto the table, papers and books went flying as Dean's arms skidded out in front of him. "What the..." he managed to get out before he felt the sharp sting of Cas' hand smacking his ass.... the groan that escaped him was not dignified in anyway, neither was the way his ass popped out, asking for more, his cock suddenly straining against his zipper.
Dean was looking at the floor, unable to keep eye contact with Cas as he had moved closer to him. There was a long silence that hung heavy in the air. Cas got off the bed, and took Dean's hand in his. "Dean, I need you. I don't think you will ever understand how much I just need you in my life. Please stay with me tonight." Cas sighed, lifting Dean's hand to his mouth and placing a soft kiss there. "I'm going to take a moment in the bathroom, and get dressed. I hope that you will still be here when I come out, but I will understand if you decide to go. Thank you for everything you have helped me with." Cas let go of Dean's hand, walked over to the table and grabbed the bag with the new cloths Dean had picked up for him.
Castiel juggled the two cups of hot coffee in his hands as he climbed out of his car and closed the door. He silently cursed himself for not asking for a carrier. Stacking the cups on top of one another in one hand, he turns the handle on the door with the other.  Greeted with the sudden warmth and faint smell of Dean's cologne as he steps into the foyer, he closes the door and heads up the stairs. He hears the low rumble of Dean's voice as he reaches the top of the stairs and looking around he sees Dean sitting in his office talking on the phone. When Dean sees him he mouths an "I'm sorry". Cas hands him his mocha and sets his coffee on the desk before shrugging out of his jacket and kicking off his boots.
Dean came hard with a scream, white cum spurting from his cock coating both of their stomachs and chests. Muscles spasmed around his cock and Castiel soon joined him in orgasm, still thrusting as deep into Dean as he could get. Castiel let out a mangled cry and collapsed on top of Dean as they both tried to steady their breath.
-Rolling Stones
Dean walked into the living room. "I'll just be another minute or two."
Cas turned his head and crooked his eyebrow, "But, that wasn't sex Dean, was it? "
Castiel followed suit, sitting facing Dean. "53 days"
He bobs his head onto Dean's cock once greedily before pulling his fingers out and grips Dean by his thighs and pushes him upwards and he shifts his legs under him, in a kneeling position, he lowers Dean down onto his lap, their dicks pressed together between them. Dean wraps his bound arms over his head pulling them face to face. Dean kisses him and he grinds his hips into Cas, rubbing their cocks together. They move slowly, almost tantrically, eliciting moans and gasps from each other, until the need grows in Dean and he braces his legs lifting and shifting his hips forward, capturing Cas' dick with his ass. Dean's face goes slack as he in one movement lowers himself down completely onto Cas' cock, taking the full length of him at once.
Dean looked over his shoulder and smiled. "I guess she was a little tired." he chuckled.
** story just didn't feel complete to me, so I've added more... hope you enjoy it!
Castiel gave Dean another quick peck and pulled away, heading toward the kitchen. He was going to make Dean and Darla his breakfast specialty, French toast. Once he was in the kitchen he made quick work of figuring out where everything was that he needed and pulled it all out onto the counter. He was so focused, that he hadn't noticed Dean had followed him and was now watching him from the doorway. He gave him a quick smile and waved him away with his hand. "I've got this, now go and spend the morning with your daughter" he said, turning to the refrigerator and grabbing the eggs.
"Well, if you had been enjoying that date in any way, you wouldn't be coming home with me." Castiel smiles pulling out of the lot. "And I wouldn't know what those amazing lips of yours taste like." He reaches over running his hand up Deans thigh "I can't wait to taste the rest of you."
"just... No, never mind. You sure you're okay?" Dean asks leaning in a little. His eyes flick to Sammy at the end of the table. "Something you want to talk to me about?"
Dean braced himself back up onto his knees and gripped ahold of Cas' hips holding him tight as he slowly pulled almost compltely out rotated his hips and thrust back in hard. Cas' eyes went wild, and Dean knew he got the spot he was looking for. He repeated the process until Cas threw his head back gasping and was bucking his hips up to meet every thrust. Dean looked down and finally Cas was hard again. The hunter bit his lip smirking.
Dean chuckled before grabbing the back of Castiel's head and pulling him into a deep kiss. "I'm going to devour you later. I hope you know that." he sighed
"We told them we were going to a friend's house to watch a movie." Castiel said.
"Oh that's good, I'm glad to see that go. Say have you been in contact with Benny? He said he had a lead on some pieces he thought would work for us."
Dean knows that urge all too well...
"I have a pretty good idea, but please feel free to tell me as often as you like. I don't think I'll ever get tired of hearing you tell me. I love you too Dean, always."
Castiel's lips pull into that wicked smirk and Dean feels his pants get tighter. Castiel was standing so close to him that he could smell his cologne, mixed with the smell of whiskey on his breath, or was that Dean's. He couldn't think straight, between the alcohol coursing through his veins and the intoxicating smell of Castiel standing so close to him, Dean was a goner.
Meg turns and looks at him "Trash? why didn't you at least forward the information to me before turning it down?" she asks, a sharp edge to her tone.
"Ok Darla, go get your jacket, and let the dog out before we go." Dean said kissing his daughter on the head.
Dean pulled back gasping. "Cas... how did you learn to kiss like that?"
"Cas? I want to touch you..." Dean says, his eyes pleading as his fingers unbuckle his belt and then move to his pants opening them slowly. Cas casts his eyes down, afraid if he looks at Dean whatever spell has been cast will break. Dean's finger hooks under his chin lifting his face, green meeting blue with burning passion. "Can I touch you?" he asks, and Cas simply nods his head. "Tell me Cas, can I touch you?"
"You alright Dean?" Castiel asks, a faint smirk playing across his lips "I think maybe you shouldn't have had that fourth whiskey.
Dean once agian pulls his fingers away and Cas lets out a little whimper at the loss. But soon he feels the thick head of Dean's cock pressing against his hole and he lets out another moan. He feels the pinching burn as Dean slowly guides his cock into him. Cas holds his breath until Dean slides all the way in. They both breathe together, faces mere inches apart as they look into each others eyes. Cas' tries to relax, letting his body adjust to the intrusion, Deanis bigger than he imagined, and it takes him longer than he'd like. But all of a sudden the pinching pain is gone and the pleasure sets in. Cas moans as he rolls his hips into Dean, who in turn closes his eyes and moans as his hips slowly start rocking their bodies together.
Meg makes a noise in her throat. "Next time, make sure you clear it with me first Dean." she says
Castiel moaned again snuggling further into Dean's neck in protest.
"Dean..." Cas said, finally moving. "I heard the whole thing. I... uh... I don't know what to say."
Dean's eyes went wide for a moment and then softened. "Of course Cas, I trust you with my life"
Cas got up onto his knees and moved toward the foot of the bed, closer to Dean. "I'm not saying I don't want it, I want you Dean, I want to give myself to you in ways that I never have before, but have always wanted to. What I am saying is, I am not going to force myself on you. If this is not what you want, its ok. I don't need you to take pity on me. I don't want you to be with me just because you feel some kind of obligation. I need you Dean, and I will take you in any way that you want to give yourself to me."
"I left him a note thanking him for being a douche." Cas laughed starting the car.
"Hmmm, I don't know. Sounds like it could get a bit boring for me. But I think you should definitely do it." He smiled and winked at Castiel. "I'll even cover your shift at the store to give you a little more time for discussion."
Dean's eyes go wide before a cocky smiles spreads across his lips. "I can definitely do that" he says with a low growl as he kisses him hard.
"You know I never kiss and tell. I am a lady Dean Winchester" Charlie says with a huge smile on her face.
"53 days" Dean confirmed "C'mon Cas, you probably should be going now. It's getting late, and I'm sure Jimmy's pretty bored." Dean got up pulling Cas to his feel in front of him, he wrapped his arms around his waist and pulled him close. "I just hope you don't get bored with me before the 53 days are up." He cast his eyes to the floor
"Dean, please don't turn away from me. I want... we need to talk about this"  Cas' voice was lower than it normally was, softer and Dean couldn't stop the soft sigh that escaped him. This was going to be harder than he imagined.
"As you wish" Dean says picking up the feather from beside them lightly trailing it over Cas' chest, chuckling with delight when he sees his flushed skin prickle with goosebumps. "Fuck Cas. You're so goddamn perfect you know." Dean growls before sucking his balls into his mouth, a second finger joining the one inside his hot hole.
Cas pulled back, and looked at Dean quizzically then glanced over his shoulder looking down the hall. Dean chuckled lightly placing a light kiss at the corner of his mouth. "Easy there tiger, I'm not suggesting sex." Dean smirked, grabbing Castiel's ass and pulling him in hard against his body. "At least not tonight. The couch is super comfortable though. And I know that Darla would love it if you were here in the morning when she got up."
"So what you're saying is that you have the hots for your boss' new boyfriend?" Charlie says as she takes a drink of her margarita.
Dean paused a moment, the idea really appealed to him, however... "You know guys it's one thing for us to talk down at the store. But you're only, what 16? I don't think it'd be wise for you to hang here."
I guess this has become my Tuesday ritual... breakfast in bed while typing away... I hope you like where i am headed... though i know quite a few of you may be a little upset (maybe frustrated would be a better word for it) where I leave you at the end of this chapter... I promise to try and get Chapter 7 to you later this evening...
"Yes Dean, I'm ready." Cas folded his hands and placed them in his lap, looking down as Dean pressed play.
Dear Mr. Novak,
"Dean?" Cas says again.
"get ready to hear more, because FUCK Dean, you feel amazing.... Now move!" Cas says, his voice rough and his eyes wild. He digs his fingers into Dean's hips as he starts moving again. The room quickly fills with the sound of their moans and the rough harsh sound of  Dean's hard cock slapping Cas' stomach as he bounces on top of him.
Cas pulled him into a gentle but deep kiss. "Good, then let me take care of you" Cas could still feel Dean trying to lower himself over his cock, defiantly. He grabbed Dean by the waist and flipped him over onto his back. "Now, Dean, I dont want to get rough, but I will restrain you if I have to."
"Cas, I need you too." Dean said breaking the kiss. His tongue flicked over his lips as he caught Cas' curious gaze. "I heard you in the shower earlier. God Cas, do you have any idea the effect you have on me." Dean rotated his hips, grinding his trapped erection into Cas' thigh, a moan escaping both their lips as he did. "Its overwhelming, I never thought you'd want me like this. Hell, part of me thinks I fell asleep on the couch over there and this is all a dream." He ran his hands down Cas' back and grabbed his ass, pulling him forcefully into his body, and another moan escaped them both.
"Always the flatterer. " Castiel said handing Dean the plate. "I hope it's as good as you remember. To be honest, since you moved I haven't really made many pies." He tossed his robe on the chair in the corner of the room and crawled back on the bed next to Dean and watched him as he put the first bite in his mouth. Dean closed his eyes and moaned a sinful little moan. Castiel leaned forward swiping his tongue across Dean's lips, gathering the little bit of filling that was there and kissed him. "Now don't go making me jealous of that damn pie. Only I'm the only one allowed to make you moan like that from now on."
thank you as always for reading!
I sat in our favorite booth at the back of the diner, my back to the door as I check my email. My phone buzzes in my hand as a message comes in from my sister.
Castiel saw movement out of the corner of his eye and turned to see Dean standing in the doorway just watching. His eyes were soft and a gentle smile played across his lips. Those soft, beautiful lips, and all at once Castiel could feel himself blush at the memory of how those lips felt against his own.
Dean plunged his tongue into Castiel's mouth, licking his way in and around, tasting himself on his tongue and lips. He ran his hands down Castiel's body pulling his shirt up and off, breaking the kiss only long enough for the fabric to pass between them before his mouth was ravaging Castiel's lips and jaw once more. His teeth scraping over the delicate skin of his neck, his tongue running over the red marks he had left earlier. His hands ran down Castiel's body sliding them under the waistband of the pajama pants and grabbing his ass tightly pulling him into his body as his fingers pushed in between his cheeks. Dean broke the kiss with a gasp as his fingers met the slick eager hole "mmm Cas" Dean moaned into his neck "Fuck baby, you're so sweet, you got yourself all ready for me?" Dean continued to lick and nip at his throat as Castiel pushed back into his exploring fingers, biting Dean's fingers dipped into him. Dean gripped him tightly and turned him around, lifting him onto the counter, and pulling his pants off in one swift movement. He took a step back and just looked at Castiel, sitting naked on his kitchen counter. He was never going to be able to walk into this kitchen and not see this sight.  "God Cas you're so fucking beautiful"
Dean sat in his Creative Writing  class, regretting the subject matter of his current paper. When Mrs. Moseley had first given them the assignment 'Write about an emotion', he thought it was just going to be another story he would add to his portfolio, however when they got to class that morning, she informed them that they would be sharing them with the whole class. His heart was racing in his chest, why did he have to leave his folder with all his other stories in is locker. He would have much rather turned in a sub standard story then to have the one in his hands shared with the entire class. Especially since the very inspiration of the story was sitting in the class not ten feet away from him.
Dean inched closer, trying to listen to Cas' singing. He had been trying to hear him sing for weeks now. But somehow Cas always knew when he was around, and stopped. Dean held his breath, trying to be as quiet as possible, but today was no exception. "Hello Dean" Dean froze at the sound of Cas' voice.
"That you will be mine, by takin our time." Then Cas leaned in and kissed Dean again, and Dean knew, that this was only the beginning. And Dean was perfectly fine with taking their time, but he had always been Cas'.
"Fuck Cas, yes! please, please fuck me!" Dean moaned, pushing his ass into him.
The three of them move together, moaning, Cas chanting Dean's name encouraging Dean to thrust deeper and harder into him, one hand wrapping around Cas' throat, the other wrapped around his stomach holding him as his other self holds his thighs tightly. They all pant and moan together as Dean feels himself racing to the edge, a deep heat pooling in his stomach as he licks and bites on Cas' ear.
"You dream about us?" Cas inquires further.
Cas watches Dean's body shake through his orgasm. "mmmm... found myself a dirty boy who likes it rough huh?" Cas says before smacking Dean's other ass cheek. He moans out loudly from the sting his body rolling with pleasure "More... please" Dean says softly, and Cas is more than happy to oblige, smacking his ass until he can see the red welts of his hand print raising out of the skin. He brushes his fingers over the marks lightly, earning another moan from Dean. Leaning in Cas runs his tongue over the hot irritated flesh before taking his hands and spreading his cheeks. He glides his wet tongue over Dean's pink hole, slowly circling the tight puckered ring before pressing into him. Dean lets out another breathy moan, pressing his greedy ass back into Cas' tongue, his hole fluttering around Cas' tongue as he slides it in and out of him at an agonizingly slow pace.
He moved to the side of the bed, reaching over and running his hand up Jimmy's leg as he neared the stand. He leaned over and kissed his brother gently on the lips. "Hey Jimmy, you gonna watch?"
"Come for me Dean.... I want watch you come for me." Cas leaned in and kissed the hunter's mouth with hunger, taking his bottom lips between his teeth and biting down. Dean gasped and moments later orgasm ripped through his body, his hips jerking upward, thrusting his dick further into Cas' hand, and then popped his ass back down onto Cas' cock. White spurts of come covering Ca's hand, and their chests, his muscles spasmed around Cas, and Cas joined him in ecstacy, a loud moan escaping his lips as he thrust into Dean again filling him, then collapsed on top of him. Their breaths ragged, bodies trembling together.
"I can't help it, your wings are seriously addicting Cas" Dean reached around gently running his fingers through the feathers.
"Hello?" Her voice says groggily over the phone
"Cas..." Dean's voice broke between the moans. "Please Cas... n...need you... inside me...please" He begged hitching his hips back into Castiel "please Cas, I need you to fuck me NOW!"
When he turned back around he saw that Castiel had joined Meg on the dance floor. Thus far Dean had noticed the blue eyed man had resisted her trying to pull him to the floor, but now there they were. Meg grinding herself against Cas' thigh as she ran her fingers through his messy hair. Dean swallows thickly as he feels a twinge of jealousy starting to burn in his gut.
When he opened the bag, he saw two small boxes in amongst the clothing, recognizing them immediately he turned to question Dean, and found that he was right behind him. "Dean?" The words were barely out of his mouth before Dean was on him, arms around his waist, pulling him into his body. Their mouths devouring each other, tongues meeting feverishly.
He pulled away, once again leaving Cas gasping, still rutting against him. "Hey... Cas, look at me." Cas' eyes popped open, and Dean smiled. "I'm not going to leave you hanging. Slow down baby, let me take care of you." Cas let his leg fall back down, releasing Dean. "There you go. I got you you baby."
"you maybe wanna...?" Dean lifted his bound hands.
Grabbing the top of the boxers again, he pulls them down slowly, trailing his lips from Cas' hips over the soft warm skin right above his groin. The elastic band catches on Cas' dick pulling it down, and Dean can hear a needy whimper above his head, and he cant help the devious smile he gives Cas when he looks up at him. Cas' hips twitch again, looking for friction, and Dean revels in the moment of need before pulling the boxers all the way down and watching as Cas' beautiful hard cock springs back up and bounces a little as it's freed.
Dean walked into the living room. "I'll just be another minute or two."
"I'm very much looking forward to that." Castiel replied, nipping at his jawline. "For now though" he said pecking softly at his lips "breakfast?"
Dean sighed, then opened the door to let them in. Jimmy and Castiel walked into his living room and took over, ejecting the dvd he was watching and put in the new one. They spread out the snacks on the floor and took pillows from the couch so they could lay out. Dean sat behind them on the couch and the movie started. After about 15 minutes he began to relax. There was nothing wrong here, just friends watching a movie together. 'Sure Dean, tell yourself that, as you're checking out Cas' ass in those tight jeans.... Fuck! Stop it, just watch the movie' He thought, forcing his eyes to stay on the television and the movie that was now playing.
"Ok, so what about tonight? I mean, I get you two helping each other discover yourselves, man I kinda wish I had that when I was a teenager. But if you guys haven't been together in almost two years, and Jimmy prefers women. Still trying to wrap my head around that one... but why tonight. What brought the two of you to my door tonight?"
Sam finally looked up at Dean. "And why exactly is that Dean!? What's so wrong with Cas that I cannot be in love with him?"
Cas looks at him wide eyed as he takes off his clothes. His eyes going straight to Dean's hard thick cock bobbing between his legs as Dean kicks off his pants and boxer briefs. Cas sits up on the bed reaching out to Dean, pulling him close as his mouth latches onto his cock, taking him in completely. This time it's Dean who moans with pleasure as Cas bobs his head up and down his length. Deans fingers weave into his hair as he pulls Cas' head back, mouth sliding off his cock with a pop. Dean leans in kissing Cas' now red and wet lips, pushing him forward as they lay back on the bed. Dean fits himself between Cas' legs and grinds their hips togther, cocks sliding agaist each other. They both moan into the kiss, Cas' hand sliding around deans body to his ass, fingers digging in.
Castiel turned back toward the tree and sighed deeply. His heart was racing and his stomach was in knots with nerves. Dean came out and walked up behind him, placing his hand on the small of his back, and even though he thought it would make him more nervous, instantly he felt relaxed, like this had happened a hundred times before.
"Right, thats what I want for Darla.I asked her if she wanted to go and she did. There's been a couple times when she didn't feel like it and we didn't and if it ever gets to the point where she doesn't want to anymore, we won't. But for now she likes it."
He sat up and grabbed Dean's wrist on his cock and stopped him. Dean looked up at him and cocked an eyebrow. "Wait...too much..." Castiel let out in small pants "Not... yet..." He grabbed Dean's hair and pulled just enough so he would get the hint, and then dragged him up his body, and pulled him into his mouth once more, tasting himself mingled with Dean. "I need to touch you Dean. Can I touch you?"
"What's that?" Dean asked not quite hearing him.
"Dean, ngh, I never ....fuck you're so tight..." Cas murmurs as he wraps his fingers around Dean's cock.
-Rolling Stones
Castiel grabbed dean's hips and stopped his movement. "Dean, wait." Castiel said moving his head to look at Dean. "Are you telling me you're a virgin?"
Castiel's eyes fluttered at the sensation of Dean's already hard dick pressing against his own. He bit his lip and moaned softly as Dean did it again... And again until Castiel's breath was coming quick and he in turn was grinding himself against Dean. "D... DEAN"  he moaned with lips parted "I need you, please Dean, need you"
Cas ran his hands over Dean's chest, rubbing the muscles, and teasing his nipples, as he let himself get used to the fullness inside him. as his muscles began to relax, his hips began to move slowly, grinding down onto Dean, like he was trying to take his whole body into him. The moan that escaped Dean, only made him want to do it more. His muscles fluttered around Dean's thick cock, pulling the dirtiest noises from Dean's mouth. Oh yes, Cas was indeed in charge now.
"Yea, listen you think I could cut out a little early?" he asks
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean sighs, yes, once upon a time the dark hair, blue eyed man had been to object of every one of his sexual fantasies, but it'd been years. They both led very different lives and after high school their paths very rarely crossed, despite living in a small town. "I don't HAVE a crush on him Charlie, I HAD one... Notice the past tense."
"Dean.... ungh... I need you." Cas murmers and he feels Dean freeze beneath him. Cas leans back and looks at him. "Dean?"
"Ungh.... Cas! baby you look so beautiful." Dean ran his eyes over his body, and let them rest on Cas' hard cock. "you better get over here soon, I don't know how much longer I can resist that perfect cock of yours."
"You should just go for it Dean." Jo said, holding a strawberry wine cooler in her hand. She was wearing a cute floral dress and he had helped straighten her beautiful long blonde hair. Her cheeks were turning a little more pink with every sip she took from the bottle.
Dean's hips jerked up lightly at Cas' touch. "Cas, if you keep doing that, I'm gonna come.... Ungh...."
Cas slides a hand between Dean's legs wrapping his fingers around his cock, slowly stroking the soft flesh back to attention. Dean's wrist pull against his binds, wanting to flip around and take control. "Too slow Cas... mmmm ... please" Dean begs hitching his hips into Cas' hand before pressing his ass back into his mouth, eager for more.
Dean groans, sliding his hand around Cas' stomach and taking his cock into his hand, precum smearing over his hand, he feels it twitch under his touch and as Cas cries out in pleasure and he feels the hot sticky cum spurt out of him, Dean joins him with a low moan of his own as he thrusts deep and fills Cas' ass with his load.
Dean took a step back "Um, it's a little late for that isn't it?"
Dean looks up at him, "how often do you come in my room at night Cas?"
Dean groaned, kissing into the angel's mouth again, deeply until they both were gasping for air."Yea Cas. We can definitely do more of that."
"Excuse me" he said, motioning past me with a wide smile, that made my knees go weak.
"Cas hmm?" Castiel looks at him with a smirk, "I like it". He pressed his lips against his again. "And what do I call you?"
Dean smiled as he approached him, and Cas could see a wet cloth in his hand. "Here," Dean said as he reached for Cas' hand. "We kind of made a mess." Dean gently cleaned the sticky drying cum off Cas' hand, and he felt a small sense of loss. He liked it, liked that he had caused Dean such pleasure that his cum had spilt over him.
Dean simply cannot believe he is sitting here right now. It's not that his "date" is unattractive. Sure, he's a little thicker, balding a little maybe, but those things didn't bother him, plus his Scottish accent was sexy as hell, if only the guy wasn't a complete douche. Fergus "call me Crowley" McLeod was the principal at Dean's little brother Sammy's school, and after Sammy had gotten into a fight with a boy named Gordon in the cafeteria, Dean had been asked to come in. Well, actually their father had been contacted first, but he was off on another bender, so it had once again fallen to Dean to take care of Sammy.
Not knowing what to do with his hands Cas runs them through his own hair, back arching off the bed as Dean brings him closer to orgasm. The heat pooling in his stomach and he holds onto it, not wanting this to ever stop. Dean leans forward, hips studdering in their slow but hard thrusts. "Let go baby, I've got you.... Come with me" Dean says softly in his ear.
Cas was only too happy to oblige, he snapped his hips into Dean harder, pulling almost completely out and then thrust back in to his balls.... over and over... harder and harder, until he too felt the warm pooling.... He reached between them and grabbed Dean's cock, pumping hard, his hand matching his thrusts.
Stopping for coffee,
inspired by a random thought... How could Sam get Dean to confess his true feelings about Cas? Because #samshipsit
"Well I was thinking it was something that we could maybe try... I've never used any of these before, we don't have to if you don't want." Cas kisses him. "We could just keep doing things like this"
Cas let out a low moan as he ran his hand over his hard cock, slippery with a mixture of water, soap and precome that was leaking out of him. He leaned against the wall and closed his eyes. Imagined Dean kneeling before him, working his hand over him. Imagined him running his tongue down the length of him from the tip to the base and back up again before swallowing him down again. Cas let out another moan, this one was a little louder, and he only half hoped that Dean had already left to go to the store. He pumped his dick harder and faster as he raced toward that intense rush of white heat that began with the warm pooling he felt in his stomach. Cas threw his head back, his mouth gaping, breath ragged, dirty little moans pouring out of him as he felt his cock pulse in his hand and white streaks shot out of him. He couldn't be certain but an "Oh, Dean" might have escaped his lips too as he fell over the edge. He kept his hand tight, but slowed the movements, milking himself through his orgasm. He let out another moan as he came down.
Dean let out a gasp of air and a smirk spread across his lips. "Cas, you kinky bastard." Dean pressed himself up against Cas as he pulled his head down into him for a kiss. "Please..." he whispered softly against his mouth. "Cas, I would love it if you tied my hands. " He let out a moan as Cas ran his own hands up the length of Dean's arm grabbing his wrists and forcing them above his head.
He swooped down gathering her into his arms and lifting her up. "I sure do! It means you owe me a kiss!" he teased, sending her into another giggling fit. She puckered her lips and gave him a big wet smack on the cheek. "Well that just might be the best kiss I've had in quite some time" he said, putting her back down giving her a wink.
"How else would I be able to give you these" He smiled, looking down at Darla who was playing on her cell phone.
Three months later Castiel received a letter from Dean.
Meg, her family and friends had all had dinner in the restaurant and migrated to the bar where they were now monopolizing the dance floor with their terrible moves set to a god awful playlist of pop hits. Dean scoffed as an 80's pop hit came on, eliciting a loud 'woo' from the group who proceeded to take the opportunity to grind up on each other. He finished his drink and turned to ask the bartender for another.
Dean walked into the kitchen to find that Cas was standing at the sink washing dishes from their dinner. He smiled, taking a moment to watch him. He was wearing jeans and a t-shirt. Dean still found it a little odd seeing him out of the suit and trenchcoat that he had worn for so many years. But he wasnt going to lie, Cas' ass looked amazing in a pair of jeans, and even though the tshirt was loose fitting, Dean was mesmerized more often than not watching his muscles move beneath the cotton. He stood there watching Cas for a few moments, before he noticed the soft singing, though he couldnt quite make out the words. He obviously knew what song Cas was singing, seeing as he only knew one.
The night air blew through the curtains as Dean watched a movie, his nightly ritual. He always allowed himself 2 hours in the evening to relax and enjoy the multitude of other worlds film captured. Film was a passion of his, while contemplating college majors, it only just barely lost out to photography and even so he did take "Intro to film" his freshman year. He would have continued with a double major had his photography classes not demanded so much of his time. Still, he enjoyed a well put together film, and many times would find himself questioning the thoughts behind blockbuster films and the people who seemed to flock to them. "To each their own" he would think and move on to more important things.
"Now, Dean... I need you in me NOW!" Jimmy said standing up, pulling his cock from his brothers mouth with a loud pop, and Dean's fingers slipped out of his ass smoothly. Castiel slid up the stairs a little, while Dean turned around, planting his ass firmly on a step just in time for Jimmy to straddle him. Dean didnt see where Jimmy had pulled it from, but he was ripping open a condom and sliding it over Dean's dick expertly before squirting lube in his hand and pumping it a few times coating it fully. Jimmy lined Dean up with his ass and slowly lowered himself down. Dean watched as his cock disappeared into the teen's tight ass, biting his lip as their pelvis' came flush to each other. Jimmy's head went back as he let out a low moan. "Oh god! I knew you'd feel good, but oh! You're perfect. God Castiel, he's just perfect!" Jimmy said as he began moving up and down on Dean's swollen cock.
"It's perfect.... you're perfect" Dean says taking a step closer to him, his hand catching Cas' ankle before sliding farther up his leg.
Dean always found it funny how she came bustling in with such purpose, but she wouldn't know what to do with the place if it weren't for him. "No customers today, but I sold that old bed set that we've been sitting on for five months, they'll be by today to pick it up." He tells her as she went through the papers on her desk.
Dean's laugh filed the room as he realized his foolishness. "Of course, now I remember"
Cas let out a low moan as he ran his hand over his hard cock, slippery with a mixture of water, soap and precome that was leaking out of him. He leaned against the wall and closed his eyes. Imagined Dean kneeling before him, working his hand over him. Imagined him running his tongue down the length of him from the tip to the base and back up again before swallowing him down again. Cas let out another moan, this one was a little louder, and he only half hoped that Dean had already left to go to the store. He pumped his dick harder and faster as he raced toward that intense rush of white heat that began with the warm pooling he felt in his stomach. Cas threw his head back, his mouth gaping, breath ragged, dirty little moans pouring out of him as he felt his cock pulse in his hand and white streaks shot out of him. He couldn't be certain but an "Oh, Dean" might have escaped his lips too as he fell over the edge. He kept his hand tight, but slowed the movements, milking himself through his orgasm. He let out another moan as he came down.
Dean gasped a little at the request, finding his legs beneath him, took a fist full of Castiel's hair holding his head in place and thrust his dick into his open mouth hard,  letting out a deep groan as he hit the back of his throat again.
Cas smiles climbing on the bed with him. "That makes two of us." He leans in kissing him deeply, running his hands over Dean's firm body, wrapping his fingers around his cock, stroking gently. He slowly kisses down Dean's jawline and over his chest. Savoring the taste of him and the soft noises he's making as he works his way down. He looks up at Dean as he reaches his cock, Dean's green eyes are staring down at him as he slowly runs his tongue over the tip. When Dean moans above him Cas' opens his mouth taking his full length in, Dean grabs a fist full of his hair crying out his name as he bobs his head up and down of Dean's length.
-What Is and What May Never Be
Dean woke to the sound of a door closing. He slowly blinked as the fog of sleep started to clear his mind. Memories of the night before started to filter into his thoughts and a soft smile spread across his lips. Followed quickly by confusion, this was the room he was sharing with Sam, he looked over at the bed where Sam had slept, it was mussed, but empty. Dean moaned, trying to put everything back together. A horrible thought flickered in his mind... had it all been a dream? Sadness started to build within him, he didnt want it to be a dream. He pushed that aside, if it had been a dream, then he was just going to have to make it a reality. He was about to roll over when he heard the bathroom door open, he propped himself up on his arm and watched as Sam walked out.
Dean breaks the kiss, searching Cas' eyes "are you sure?" he asks.
Castiel placed a hand on his shoulder caringly. "Yea, come on in Dean. It just came out of the oven." They walked to the kitchen and Dean climbed up on the stool waiting for his first slice.
I wanted to send you a letter to say I'm sorry if I made you feel awkward the day we left. But I also wanted to say thank you for not making me feel foolish. I really wish that you would have kissed me, but I understand why you didn't.
Cas licks around Dean's entrance, pressing in slowly with his tongue until Dean is moaning wildly above him. Cas pushes Dean's leg up, gaining easier access, slicking up a finger in his mouth before gently pressing it into him. He rather quickly is able to slide a second finger in as his tongue soothes over the stretched skin.
He sighed heavily as he pushed the curtain aside and turned on the water. He looked over his shoulder, Cas was still laying on the bed watching him, he had only moved a little so that he could still watch Dean. He looked so beautiful laying there, his hair a mess, sticking up all over, his eyes glowing, his lips red and swollen from Dean's kisses. That mouth, Dean thought, how long had he wanted to kiss that mouth, and now it was all his. He could spend an eternity just kissing that mouth.
"yea, this is our first Christmas eve and morning here. I'm excited to share it with her. And her having her own room here makes it easier too."
It was a long moment before Dean pulled back and Cas' cock slid out of his mouth with a wet pop. "Oh my Cas, you taste so good!" Dean looked up at Cas' face, his eyes were closed and his head was tilted back. "Cas, baby open your eyes. I want you to watch me."
Meanwhile Darla sat up on the counter and was trying to find a fun user name for her game, in which she was a penguin. The three of them tossed names back and forth for her to try as Castiel started to remove the cookies to the cooling rack. Dean grabbed the oven mitt and picked up the sheet and brought it over to him, so he didn't have to walk back and forth between the counters. from the outside looking in, Castiel thought that this must look very domestic, and he smiled as a warm feeling rushed over him.
Castiel sucked Dean's fingers into his mouth with a moan. "Dean..." he whined.
"I hoped you'd like it" he says uncrossing his legs and standing. He grabs a box with a a bow on it "I have something for you" he says handing it to Dean.
The first time it had happened,  it was a completely unintentional. Sam and Dean were eating lunch at a diner in a small town in Ohio when Castiel appeared in the booth next to Dean with information on the case they were working. As Castiel filled them in on the information he had obtained Dean saw something out of the corner of his eye. It took him a moment to realize he was seeing Cas' wings. They were nothing like he had expected, though he wasn't really sure what he had expected, because he hadn't given much thought to Cas even having wings, at least not in the physical sense. Dean slowly turned his head, trying to stay focused on what he was seeing. A couple of times he thought he may have lost them, but suddenly he was looking right at them. They were gorgeous, silver with ashen streaks running through them. Dean couldn't believe he hadn't seen them before, he was mesmerised, he couldn't even hear Cas and Sam talking anymore. Slowly he reached his hand out fingers timidly touching the feathers.  They were soft, and he could feel a kind of electricity running through his fingers. His fingers slid deeper into the feathers wrapping them around the warm bone, gently squeezing. A soft vibration ran up Dean's arm and sent a shudder through his body.  He let go, with a sigh and quickly looked around, but there didn't seem to be any sign from anyone that he was just fondling the angel's wings. Sam was talking with Cas eating his lunch, and Castiel had just continued filling them in. Save for the faint pink that ran along the edge of his ears, there was no indication at all that Dean just had his hands on him. Dean smiled softly, turning to finish his lunch and discussing the case at hand.
"just... No, never mind. You sure you're okay?" Dean asks leaning in a little. His eyes flick to Sammy at the end of the table. "Something you want to talk to me about?"
Dean opened his eyes, catching Castiel's "Oh believe me, this" he grabbed Castiel's ass and ground his hips into him letting out a low groan "This is very real"
Castiel meanwhile hadn't been able to take his eyes off of Dean's amazing cock. It was seriously the most beautiful penis he had ever seen. Utter perfection, and Castiel absolutely could not wait to touch it. When Dean moved over him Castiel grabbed his thick hard cock as Dean kissed him. His thin fingers wrapping around him and stroking gently. Dean gasped against his mouth, he had obviously not expected that.
"I enjoy them well enough, though they are not my favorite. My brother Castiel loves them though, I'm going to guess he recommended this gem to you." Jimmy said placing the movie on the shelf, then stepped back.
After his mom had passed away, Dean's dad had taken him and Sammy on a 'road trip', leaving Lawrence in their rear-view. He had spent the next several years bouncing from town to town, school to school, until Ellen and Uncle Bobby stepped in. Dean's sophomore year he found himself back in Lawrence, having to get reacquainted with all those kids he had spent his childhood with. That wasn't as easy as he had thought it would be. These kids had all continued to grow up together, formed bonds during a pivotal time in their lives, and Dean had missed out. He found himself sitting alone more times than not, and growing increasingly more gun-shy at approaching his classmates, even those he had once called 'friend'. Dean kept to himself, head down just trying to make it through school.
Dean looked into his eyes. "You are."
It took Castiel a moment to realize where he was when he opened his eyes. He was laying alone on the couch with a blanket draped over him. Darla was sitting on the floor in front of the tree staring in awe at the gifts that now surrounded it.
"Shut up" Dean blushes as his eyes scan the bar. His eyes fall on a pretty brunette, who was looking their way. She was wearing a tan business suit, he winks and lifts his beer to her, she smiles politely but nods toward Charlie and winks back. Dean smiles knowingly and nods his head. His eyes return to Charlie as she finishes her drink. "Easy there red" he says. "Don't look now, but the brunette at the bar is totally checking you out. And if you keep going the way you are, you're not going to be able to walk, let alone pick her up."
"Every day for the last 6 years I have wanted you like this." Dean said before kneeling between Castiel's legs as he scooted fully onto the bed. "The only problem is,  I don't know if I just want to quickly fuck you,  or if I want to take my time." Dean scraped his teeth gently over Castiel's collar bone,  causing him to suck a quick breath through his teeth. "I bet you make the most beautiful noises." Dean said as he ran his tongue over the now red flesh. "I can't wait to hear them all"
"I'd love to stay." Castiel said, un-buttoning his jacket.
"Yea?" Castiel asked, watching a touch of disappointment flicker across Dean's face,  he stepped in closer, bringing his mouth to his "A kiss can be even deadlier if you mean it" he said pressing his lips into Dean's. "Merry Christmas Dean"
"Cas, I ... " Dean sighed heavily "I... ah fuck it" He said finally before closing the last inches between them, firmly planting his lips over the angel's, in a wet kiss. Dean felt Cas' lips move under his, parting gently as he moaned, and he couldn't help the smile that spread across his lips as he pulled back.
Dean grabs Cas by his hip and lifts him so he's straddling Dean's waist. His fingers digging into his ass as he pulls him in closer. He runs his tongue over Cas' gently. " You're my everything baby, I want to give you the world, tell me what you want"
Castiel laid back on the counter and let the sensations of Dean's magical fingers take over him. With every thrust Dean was hitting that bundle of nerves and Castiel wasn't sure how much longer he'd last if he kept that up. "Dean" he whined "More, please...  more" Castiel pushed his ass back into Dean's hands and hissed when he felt a third and then a fourth finger thrust into him.
Just a quick idea that came to mind and I ran with it...
"Ok Cas, movie club once a week, but we absolutely cannot do this" he pointed around the room and at the bed "again, not until you turn 18."
Dean sighed, standing up from the chair, turning so he could lean back against the table. He crossed his arms and looked back at Cas, a nervous smile playing at his lips. "Listen Cas, I don't know what all you heard, and I don't even really know how to explain what you did hear..."
Dean decides he simply cannot take any more of the slow torture. He sits up, pulling away from Cas as he grabs the fallen angel and pulls him up onto the bed laying him flat. Dean kisses him hard before trailing his lips down Cas' body. He swirls his tongue around Cas' delicious cock getting him nice and wet before positioning himself on top of him once again. He looks into Cas' eyes as he slowly lowers himself down onto Cas' dick. He moves slow, adjusting to the intrusion, and is soon sitting flush with Cas' hips. He lets go of the breath he was holding with a low moan. "mmm... feels better than I ever dreamed Cas" he says leaning forward taking the fallen angels lips with his as he starts to slowly rock his hips into him. Cas slides his tongue into his mouth as he runs his hands over Dean's thighs up to his hips holding tight as Dean's pace started to pick up. He let out a low moan into his mouth as Dean lifts up and slammed back down.
"Gee Cas, how did you know she liked those books? they are two of her favorite series. What did you do go to the library and check her records?" Dean chuckled.
Dean stopped what he was doing and looked over at him. "Tell you what. You go get in the shower, I saw a Walmart just up the street, I'll go get you some cloths and be back by the time you get done."
Castiel's fingers dug into Dean's hips as he tried to hold on. Dean was pounding himself on top of him, his own cock bouncing between their stomachs with loud a loud slap every time it hit. His head was thrown back in complete ecstacy, Castiel had never seen a sight so beautiful in his entire life.
Dean had had this dream a hundred times before. He was laying next to his beautiful fallen angel. He reached over running his fingers down Cas' back as he slept. Of all the things he liked most about dreams like this, just being able to touch Castiel without hesitation was what he loved the most . To just run his hands over him without the doubt that always crept  into his mind when he looked into Cas' deep ocean blue eyes and the longing he always felt for him intensified. So when he found himself having these dreams he let them happen. His true feelings finally free to be expressed, at least in his mind.
Cas felt an odd but pleasurable sensation coursing through his body moments before he opened his eyes. When he opened them he saw Dean above him, his body flush as he was trying to lower himself onto Cas' erection. He didnt know how this was happening, after he had lost his grace, lost all of his powers, he still had the ability to pick up on Dean's longing. He would often sneak into his room at night, laying next to the hunter, providing him comfort while he slept. being sure to sneak back out before Dean awoke, but this had never happened before.
"Yes, get out of here. But you owe me big time!"
"Well Dean, can I call you Dean?" he asks continuing once Dean nods "Normally, Dean. We would suspend a student for doing what Sam did..." he pauses checking Dean out once more "However, I would be willing to consider giving Sam lunch detention for two weeks, if you are willing to do something for me?"
Cas let go of his dick and dropped to his knees behind him, finger pulling out roughly, causing Dean to moan again. Dean felt Cas place both of his hands on his ass cheeks, spreading them apart as far as he could, before he felt his hot wet tongue lick and tease over his puckered hole. Dean couldn't hold back anymore, his moans echoed loud through the library, but he didnt care, Fuck Cas' tongue was amazing.
"next time..."
"This" Cas says motioning to his body "Is for both of us" he leans in kissing Dean. "But this... this is for you" he hands Dean the box.
Cas grabbed his waist, pulling him in for another kiss before quickly turning him around and pushing him onto the table, papers and books went flying as Dean's arms skidded out in front of him. "What the..." he managed to get out before he felt the sharp sting of Cas' hand smacking his ass.... the groan that escaped him was not dignified in anyway, neither was the way his ass popped out, asking for more, his cock suddenly straining against his zipper.
"You mean when I caught you in the corner with the guy you claim you don't have a crush on?" Charlie says, teasingly
"Oh God, Cas!"
"mmmm.... Dean... I like Dean" Cas says in his low sexy voice sending chills through his body. "So tell me Dean, what would you like me to do to you tonight?"
Dean's chest tightened at the mention of his ex's name. "it was all trash, I told him we weren't interested."
I played my story over and over in my head, I was going to fade out my obsession, at least as far as my sister would know, until he was no longer even a topic of conversation. I had thrown on a pair of jeans, a tshirt and an over sized hoodie as I made my way to our favorite diner for lunch.
Dear Douche-bag,
"oh god Dean..." Cas moans, biting his lip, holding Dean between his knees.
Castiel swallowed hard and looked over at Dean who was standing in the doorway. "Uh, I don't know sweetie."
Making his way to the back he saw the young man who had been their waiter heading out the back door, he caught his eye and the blue eyed man smiled at him. Dean looked around making sure it was in fact him that blue eyes was smiling at, he bit his lip and nodded, and Dean followed him out the door.
Castiel growled, his ass slapping Dean's ass hard, shoving him further into the table, his hips hitching hard, burying his dick as deep into Deans ass as he could manage, then fucking him hard, fast and dirty. He reached his hand around, grabbing Dean's dick, slick with precum, pumping it hard with his thrusts.
"Cas, I... uh..." Dean stammered, not knowing what to say, or even how long Cas may have been standing there. How much had he heard? Dean wasn't sure if he was ready for Cas to know what he had just told Sam. Hell he wasn't sure if HE was ready for what he had just told Sam.
Dean walked over to where he had set his bag and started pulling out cloths. "Shower's free Cas, you should clean up."
His mind wandered to thoughts of what Dean looked like standing in the shower, white soap suds running over his firm tan body. His breath hitched as his hand moved over his stomach, down to his increasingly hard dick. He wouldn't lie, he had found himself absently touching his own member quite frequently after that night with April. Even though she had killed him the next morning, she had shown him how wonderful sexual pleasure was. He had never fully understood it before that night. He would further admit, if only to himself, that more often than not, it was Dean's face that he saw when he imagined being with someone. It was the thought of Dean now, imagining him in this shower with him, the image of what he looked like when he came out of the bathroom, that had made his member grow with desire.
"And if it had been, what would you have done?" Cas looks at him, a hint of concern in his voice.
"Ok, let's just both agree that the other thinks we are each amazing? How does that sound?" Dean reasoned
Dean pulls his head back and once again takes the sight of him in. "Oh Cas, my angel. How did I ever get so lucky"
Cas lifted an eyebrow, but stayed where he was. Dean huffed, and turned back to the shower and got in, warm water cascading over his body, washing away the sticky reminisce of the cum on his body. He felt a little sad that the evidence was gone, but he hated the sticky feeling, and knew it wouldnt be the last time he and Cas would be together. There was definitely more to come, and if Cas would just get his ass in the shower with him, they could have more now.
Dean killed the engine and got out, Cas kept his eyes on him as he walked behind the car and popped the trunk, grabbed his over night bag and then walked up, pausing beside the passenger door. He rapped on the window and motioned for Cas to follow as he continued to the door of the motel room. Cas hesitantly got out of the car and followed Dean, reaching him just as he opened the door and walked into the small room. Dean flicked the light on beside the one queen size bed, which Cas eyed and quizzically looked at Dean.
Cas smiles kissing her on the cheek. "Anything!"
When Dean finished his chores he would come into the kitchen and visit with Castiel. Telling him about school, what subjects were his favorite, which ones he struggled with. He'd tell him about his friends, and the funny things that Sammy would do. Then he'd ask Castiel about himself, his family, where he grew up. where he had gone to college.
~Scorpions
Dean felt the weight of Cas as he laid over him, his lips gently pressing into his ear. "Can I fuck you Dean?"
"I hope so! Merry Christmas Castiel!" She said hugging his leg before running back down the hall to her room. He watched her and met Dean's gaze. Dean crooked a smile and shrugged slightly before following her.
"please Dean, please ... I want to feel your hands on me " Cas breathes, his heart racing faster as Dean smiles at him.
Dean chuckles, "I love it when you're needy." His tongue flicks at his slit, gathering the leaking precum, "mmmm.. and so close already too." he says before swallowing him down one again, working his mouth over Cas' hard cock, twisting and turning as his head bobs up and down.
"I'm gonna go home" I tell her, knowing by look on her face she's just found tonight's bit of fun, and in exactly 10 minutes I would be sitting there alone. I grabbed my laptop bag, paid for the drinks, kissed her head and walked toward the door.
Castiel's lips pulled lightly at the corner, "You don't have to say it. I know Dean." He leaned in again, but Dean pulled his head back, keeping green locked on blue.
"Really Cas? I think its time we listened to something else. You are so hung up on one song, when theres so much more out there." Dean sighs, taking a hold of Cas' wrist and leads him out of the kitchen.
A smirk tugged at his lips "You want me to fuck you Dean?" he took Dean's lip between his teeth, biting firmly before letting it go. "hmm? You want me to fuck you into this mattress like a good little bitch?"
Castiel sighed "Ok" he said, sitting up "Let's go" he pulled Dean with him off the counter and they walked passed their cloths strewn over the floor, there'd be time for them to pick up later. Right now the shower was calling their name.
-Let's Spend The Night Together
"I have my ways." Castiel winked at him, not realizing that Dean was being serious, but when he continued to look at him with question in his eyes, Castiel continued " I wen straight to the source." he paused "you silly. I asked you a few weeks ago. You told me what books she likes." he laughed.
Cas moves his hand up to the back of Dean's head and into his hair as he climbs up onto Dean, straddling his lap, blanket falling away as he does. He completely forgets that he had fallen asleep wearing only a towel, until he feels the rough denim rub against him. The sensation is wonderful and he moans against Dean's mouth. Dean still hasn't moved, he hasn't exactly kissed him back, but he hasn't pushed him away either. Cas runs his tongue over Dean's lips one last time before pulling back and opening his eyes.
"Just lost in thought I guess, did you need something?" Cas asks, he feels a light blush filling his cheeks as he realizes the dull ache he's feeling is his own erection.
"Ok Darla, go get your jacket, and let the dog out before we go." Dean said kissing his daughter on the head.
"Dean, what you told Sam... that you need me, you know that you have me right? That even if Sam were in love with me, which is completely absurd, that you would still have me... I'm always here for you." He took another step, stopping just inches in front of Dean. "Always Dean, I'm yours."
Castiel was sitting on the stairs behind him, and he ran his hands down the length of Dean's torso, taking his mouth with his own, tasting Dean and Jimmy on his lips and tongue. He grabbed the hem of Dean's t-shirt and pulled it up and off, breaking the kiss briefly before smashing their mouths back together. His hand's slid back down his chest and played with his nipples, causing Dean to take in a sharp breath through his nose and his hips to jut up into Jimmy.
"How does movie club sound to you once a week?" Castiel asked his twin.
After he finished toweling off, he was sure to put the small jar back where he found it, and he put back on the clothes he borrowed from Dean, forgoing his own boxer briefs. 'They'll just get in the way later' he thought. After returning from the bedroom with a couple small items he placed on the shelf next to the kitchen door, he went to work to finish washing, drying and putting away the dishes. He was washing the last of the pans when he heard the Impala's engine cut off in the driveway. A wave of excitement washed over him, and his dick twitched with anticipation. This was it, Dean was finally going to be his. Castiel forced a calming breath as he dried the last pan and put it away. He turned to hang up the towel and saw Dean standing, face flushed with hungry eyes in the doorway.
When Dean's warm wet mouth covered the tip of his cock, Castiel let out a small gasp, and then when the tip of his cock was fully encased in Dean's mouth, nudging the back of his throat as Dean's tongue twisted and twirled, Castiel's upper body lifted off the bed and a mangled cry filled the room. Dean looked up at Castiel and Damn if he wasn't smiling around his cock. This boy is going to kill me he thought as he reached down, catching a tear as it leaked out of Dean's eye. Dean closed his eyes and hollowed his cheeks as he sucked Castiel's cock, hard and fast, his hand playing with his balls.
"Do you think, maybe we could do more of that?"
Dean's eyes go wide "I... uh..."
Dean let go of his cock and gripped his thighs, sliding him toward the edge of the counter and closer to him. He pushed up on his thighs and lined himself up with Castiel, pushing softly watching as the head disappeared in the tight ring of muscle. Dean felt Castiel clench around the intrusion and he paused allowing him time to adjust. When he felt Castiel roll his hips he pushed in further until his balls were resting on his ass. "Oh fuck Cas" Dean let out in a sigh "You're so tight baby, God you feel so good" he pulled back just a little and pushed deep into him causing them both to moan. He leaned forward and took Castiel's mouth in a wet kiss. He thrust slowly into Castiel, still letting him adjust.
Dean sighed, pushing the thoughts and emotions to the side, it was ok that they were there, but there was no way he was going to push this thing with Cas. This was one thing that Cas was going to have to take the lead on, if he chose to. Cas was in an impressionable state, and while Dean didnt mind stearing him toward liking the same kind of food he liked, or even the same kind of movies and music... Dean paused at that thought, realizing that he hadnt shared music with Cas yet.
-Led Zeppelin
When they got to the living room Dean pulled Castiel to a stop before the tree. His eyes flicking above their heads a smile dancing across his lips. "You know, mistletoe can be deadly if you eat it" Dean said, quoting one of his favorite movies.
When Dean came back out he had two bottles of beer and he handed one to Castiel. He immediately took a swig, causing Dean to chuckle again. When Castiel pulled the bottle away from his mouth he smiled at Dean, who then took the bottle back from him. Castiel cocked his head to the side in question as Dean set both bottles on the stand by the tv. He turned back around and smiled softly at him.
"You love me Cas?" Dean says sitting up a little
Cas pushes Dean onto the bed, wearing only his boxers, Cas strips his own off before moving over to the bed. Dean sits up taking his full length into his mouth in one movement. Cas throws his head back gasping for air. He grabs Dean's hair and pulls his head back hard, his cock popping wetly out of his mouth. "What did I say Dean? I'm in control of this ride. Keep that up and I'm going to have to punish you." Dean looks up at him with wide eyes, his mouth still red, wet and agape from sucking Cas' cock. Cas smiles, "But I think you would like that wouldn't you Dean?"
Until then,
Dean smiles wickedly, pressing hard into him again, "Sure thing Cas." He plants another hard kiss on Castiel's lips. "So where is this bedroom you mentioned?"
“Hello, Dean” He heard the angel’s voice behind him. He sighed, something must be up if Cas popped him here without Sam. Dean braced himself for what was coming.
"Whatever way I desire huh? " Dean asked with a smirk
He can't help the grin that spreads across his face.
"Do you see where you are standing Cas?" Dean smirked
Dean sets a slow steady pace and Cas is torn between being in complete bliss, and desperately wanting more. He runs his hands over Dean's body grabbing scratching pulling their bodies together. "Oh Dean..." he moans softly as Dean kisses down his neck, leaving little love bites along his collarbone. Dean takes Cas' nipple into his mouth, worrying the already sensitive flesh causing Cas to arch his back off the bed. The shift in his body also enables Dean's cock to graze across his prostate, forcing a shuttering moan out of Cas. Seeingly encouraged by the new whimpering noises falling from Cas' lips Dean thrusts harder into him, nailing his prostate each time. While his thrusts are harder, his pace is still slow and when Cas reaches down trying to grab his own cock, Dean swats his hand away, wrapping his own long fingers around his hot erection, pumping slowly with his thrusts.
When Castiel walked out into the living room Dean was sitting on the floor watching Darla unwrap the last of her gifts. Castiel just stood there and watched the two of them together, perfectly content in the happiness he felt. Darla unwrapped her last gift, a barbie doll, she jumped up and ran over to Castiel "Look Castiel! look what my daddy got me! Isn't she beautiful?"
Dean kissed him softly. "Me too Cas. But I have to admit, the sex is pretty amazing too."
Sam and Dean had just gotten back from a routine hunt. As had become customary, Dean headed right to his room for a shower, washing away the grime of the road. When he walked out of the bathroom, towel wrapped around his waist, he saw that Cas was curled up on the loveseat in the corner of the room. A small smile tugged at the corner of his mouth. He'd be lying if he said he hadnt missed him while they were away. There was a comfort to knowing Cas would be here, when he got back. And Dean wasnt a fool, he knew what that meant, what this was leading to in his heart, he simply didnt care. There was a purity to how this was all happening, and why shouldnt they be able to find some kind of peace after everything they had gone through together.
"Ok, let's just both agree that the other thinks we are each amazing? How does that sound?" Dean reasoned
Castiel had moved in next door to the Winchesters about 6 months ago fresh out of college and living on his own for the first time. John and Mary had been wonderful neighbors, helping them with anything that he had needed, and their sons Dean and Sam helped as much as they could as well. It was as a sign of appreciation that Castiel baked his first pie for them. A classic apple pie, still warm when he brought it over with the tub of vanilla ice cream. Everyone seemed to thoroughly enjoy it, but it was Dean who went back for seconds and even thirds Mary informed Castiel the next day when she returned the pie plate.
"How's that feel baby? Hmmm" Dean whispered leaning over him and kissing his chest, fingers still expertly thrusting in and out of him.
"So what's the verdict?" He said with a smile
Dean melts into the kiss setting the box down on the bed beside him. He wraps his arms around Cas' waist and pulls him onto his lap. He pulls back a little looking up into his eyes. "I want to try everything with you"
"I don't have any clean clothes Dean, there's no point in me cleaning up if I don't have anything to change into."
Dean sighed as he leaned against the door. He found himself anxious, he couldn't wait for next week's movie club meeting.
Dean spends the rest of the car ride trying not to jump on Cas, the anticipation is driving him mad, especially with Cas' hand running over his thigh, brushing across his jean clad erection. And Dean's moans just seem to further encourage the action. Luckily Cas doesn't live far, and they are both scrambling for the front door to his apartment within five minutes of leaving the parking lot.
He heard Sam slide his chair out from the table and walk around. He bent over by Dean, grabbing the keys to the Impala. "I think you guys have some things to discuss... I'll be out late."
Cas doesn't hold back, lettting out the dirtiest moan as he rolls his hips back onto Dean's hand. "Dean!... ungh... more... I ... nnn..need more..... please!"
Weeks had passed since he had seen Dean, not trusting his newly forming feelings for the green eyes man not to take over all his reason. Tonight would be the first time he had not only seen Dean, but also be in his apartment with him. Castiel knew things would be ok though, because Dean's daughter Darla was staying with him tonight. She was the sweetest little girl with her daddy's smile, and Dean loved her so much. Castiel had never seen his eyes sparkle as much as they did when he was looking at Darla. Dean and Darla's mother had gotten divorced a couple years ago. And while Darla lived with her mother primarily, Dean spent every moment he could with her.
"You too Cas." Dean smiled, before turning toward the car. He paused and turned back around. "Hey Cas? Are you sure you wouldn't like to join us? I mean, I  know the service isn't really your thing, but Darla is singing and we're going to look at lights after. I'm sure Darla would really like it if you came." He looked up and smiled softly."I'd really like it too."
Dean pops the driver's door and slides into the seat behind the wheel, where he looks more at home than any place Cas has ever seen him. Without a word he closes the door and starts the car, the engine roaring to life, and sending the familiar rumble through Cas' body. Every passing moment is one closer to having to say goodbye again, and Cas just is not ready for that. He turns and looks as his profile, light moving over his face highlighting different features as they drive down the street.
Weeks had passed since he had seen Dean, not trusting his newly forming feelings for the green eyes man not to take over all his reason. Tonight would be the first time he had not only seen Dean, but also be in his apartment with him. Castiel knew things would be ok though, because Dean's daughter Darla was staying with him tonight. She was the sweetest little girl with her daddy's smile, and Dean loved her so much. Castiel had never seen his eyes sparkle as much as they did when he was looking at Darla. Dean and Darla's mother had gotten divorced a couple years ago. And while Darla lived with her mother primarily, Dean spent every moment he could with her.
"I... I didnt have any. And I thought I probably should be wearing something with Sam sleeping in the other bed."
Up until now he had let Dean steer this ride, but now he wanted a turn at the wheel. Dean froze above him as Castiel wrapped his arms firmly around Dean's torso holding him in place. He bent his knees, planting his feet firmly against the bed and began thrusting up into him like a wild rabbit. Dean was making noises that Castiel had never heard before, his eyes rolling back into his head and he fucked him. Using strength he didnt know he would still have, he flipped them over onto Dean's back. Dean instinctively wrapped his legs around Castiel's waist as he continued thrusting into him with wild abandon.
"I want you to fuck me... hard...against the wall" Cas says
"Gimme what I want, and you'll get what you want" Dean says pinching his nipple hard. "let me hear you.... say my name" he whispers into his ear.
Castiel heaved a heavy sigh "53 days"
Dean killed the engine and got out, Cas kept his eyes on him as he walked behind the car and popped the trunk, grabbed his over night bag and then walked up, pausing beside the passenger door. He rapped on the window and motioned for Cas to follow as he continued to the door of the motel room. Cas hesitantly got out of the car and followed Dean, reaching him just as he opened the door and walked into the small room. Dean flicked the light on beside the one queen size bed, which Cas eyed and quizzically looked at Dean.
" you shouldn't touch me like that Dean" Castiel stopped right before Dean, his blue eyes burning into him
Castiel took the cookies out just as Dean walked into the kitchen. He walked over and pulled out a spatula started to removed the cookies from the sheet. Castiel grabbed his wrist "Let them set for a minute"
He turned and found himself face to face with the angel, who had moved in close to him without a sound. "Jeez, Cas. Personal space huh?" Dean let out in a burst, his voice catching. That smell again, like fresh rain hitting the earth.
"Good" Dean pulled him in for another kiss, soft and sweet. "Wanna snuggle on the couch and watch a movie?"
"Cas...  Ngh" Dean grunted as he quickened his pace, slamming his dick as deep and hard as he could into Castiel. The kitchen was filled with echoes of slapping skin and moans from them both. "Oh god baby, you feel so fucking good Cas. God it's like you were  made for me. Oh....  Ngh....  OH Cas!" Dean's breath hitched as he raced closer to his orgasm, he could feel Castiel's cock trapped between their stomachs, sliding, slicked with precum, Dean was about to feel guilty about neglecting it when he felt Castiel tighten around him and suddenly there was a lot more moisture between them.
"Sorry Mr. Novak, I was wondering... Can I just have one kiss? please?"
"Thank you Castiel." She said smiling up at him, putting her phone down and taking the gift from his hand."Can I open it now?"
"Not until 7, but I like to go in early and get stuff done before." Cas looks out the passenger window, he doesnt want to tell Dean that he's been sleeping in the back room.
"Cas, I...." Dean starts, coming to a halt as his eyes roam down Cas' body.
Well I have taken it upon myself to theorize... Keeping with my theme of using music lyrics... Here it is...
Dean sits frozen in place when Cas pulls away, just far enough to look into Dean's face. "Dean?"
"Dean..."
Cas raised his hand to Dean's face. How he managed to be so calm at this moment he had no idea, he wanted more than anything to be fucking Dean, wanted to give him what he was asking for. But he knew that Dean would be hurt physically if he just thrust inside of him right now. There were certain preparations that must be made, and he had a feeling he was going to be forceful with Dean, to make sure he didnt get hurt, he wanted him to enjoy every moment of this.
Castiel's eyes moved back up to Dean's "I never noticed you had so many freckles before." He says
"Thank you" Dean said as he took the gift, watching Darla rip into the paper.
"How can you be sure he's into you?"
What makes me ask this (aside from my love of Destiel and wanting to give them time together even if its off screen) is a simple matter of timeline continuity. Ok, Cas showed up at her house at 7, and we already know Nora's date was a flop, but still we will say that its about 10:30 pm when they leave her house. Lets also assume that the Gas and Sip opens the same time most gas stations do, say 7 am... ok, so Dean drops him off a little early, but the sun is risen, so for the sake of arguement lets say its 6 am... that still leaves about 7 - 8 hrs of time unaccounted for...
"Not until 7, but I like to go in early and get stuff done before." Cas looks out the passenger window, he doesnt want to tell Dean that he's been sleeping in the back room.
"please Dean, please ... I want to feel your hands on me " Cas breathes, his heart racing faster as Dean smiles at him.
Suddenly Castiel felt a rush of anxiety that he hadn't expected. What was it that he had told Dean when he had confessed his adoration for Castiel the day the Winchesters left for California? We'll discuss this again in 6 years? Was that why Dean was here today? Did he still have feelings for him. Castiel shook his head, that was silly. It had been 6 years, Dean had gone through puberty and grown into a man now. surely he wasn't still holding a torch for his geeky neighbor from when he was only 14 years old.
Castiel pumped his finger in and out of Dean, reveling in the sounds the man was making before him, when he felt the resistance loosen, he added another gently and paused a moment when he heard Dean hiss. When he felt Dean relax and push back into his hand he once again began pumping and scissoring his fingers in and out of him, and quicker than he expected, Dean was silently begging for more, and Castiel added a third finger.
"Of course you can." He said as he handed the other gift to Dean.
Dean grabbed Castiel's hair and forced his head back exposing his neck,  kissing licking and biting until Castiel just couldn't hold back the whimpering moans.  He wrapped his leg around Dean's waist and pulled him in,  thrusting his hips up desperately searching for more friction. Dean moaned into his neck "Oh Cas" he said, grinding his hips to meet Castiel's.
Dean closed his eyes, he must still be dreaming... this isn't real, it can't be this easy. He wants to give in, but he can't, Cas deserves more than him. Cas deserves someone good, someone pure. He deserves to be with someone who hasn't tortured, and enjoyed it. Dean can still feel Hell under his skin, the dirt, the grime, the blood, the rage, it was all still there. He would never be good enough for Cas, he could never let himself damage the angel and that's all Dean was capable of, he ruined everything he touched.
"It doesn't have to mean anything Dean. I dont want you to leave yet. Please, will you just stay with me? I'm not asking for anything more than comfort, will you please just stay here with me?" Cas waits a moment, Dean still not speaking, not moving at all. "Ok, I understand." Cas says softly, suddenly feeling even more pathetic and helpless than he did earlier.
Dean chuckled "No worries Cas, I've got plenty." Dean shifted, Pulling first himself and then Castiel up. "Now I do believe you promised me a proper fucking... what do you say we get to that?" He winked and headed up the stairs. When he reached his room, Jimmy was laying on the bed, spread out, his skin still sweaty and flushed his eyes closed. "What's the matter Jimmy, are you a little tired after all the riding?" Dean teased walking up to the end of the bed.
Cas has moved a little closer and when the chorus plays for the third time, Cas catches Dean face in his hand, tilting it toward his and starts singing, just loud enough that Dean can hear, "That you will be mine, by taking our time." Cas leans in and brushes his lips against Dean's. When Dean's lips part in a soft gasp, Cas presses into him, running his tongue along his bottom lip.
Castiel worked a third finger into Dean, scissoring them, and stretching Dean's hole, his spit slicked fingers gliding in and out with ease. Dean pulled away from Castiel's hands facing him once again and kissing him. He reached over to the night stand and grabbed the foil packets. He ripped open the condom and rolled it over Castiel's cock, then ripped open packet of lube and applied it liberally.
Dean lets him have his moment before pulling back, his hands sliding over his smooth body gripping his hips once again as he takes his cock into his mouth, sucking it deep into his throat.
When Dean walked into Mr. McLeod's office, he felt the older man run his eyes over him. Dean was used to it, he was what most people considered "pretty".
"Thank you Dean. " Cas leaned in for what Dean thought was going to be a hug. But no, those were definitely lips he felt on his cheek. It was soft and quick, but yes, Cas had definitely kissed him. "Goodnight Dean" Cas said as he turned toward the door.
Cas had to fight so desperately the urge to just pop in and take over, to give Dean the pleasure he so desperately wanted. But Cas knew that wouldn't be the way to get Dean to understand, it had to be about more than just a quicky in the back seat of the impala. Cas had to tell him, show him how he felt, and finally Dean got it.
"Yes Dean, I'm ready." Cas folded his hands and placed them in his lap, looking down as Dean pressed play.
Dean felt his cock perk up with interest as Cas shifted his thigh between his legs, rubbing up against it."Me either Cas"
(See the end of the chapter for
"That was.... amazing Dean." Cas says absently trailing his fingers on Dean's shoulder.
Dean smiled as Robert Plant's voice came through softly "And if I say to you tomorrow. Take my hand, child, come with me." He looked up at Cas, watching his face as the music changed from soft and slow, to hard. Cas closed his eyes as though he was soaking in every word, every note. A soft smile playing across his lips as his head slowly bobbed to the beat. Dean's smile widened at that, instinct, that was pure instinct. This was the best part in sharing something with Cas for the first time. He was eager for new experiences, wanted to savor every moment.
"Hey Cas " Dean replied, taking a step of his own. They were now mere inches from each other.
"Yes sweetheart, be careful don't fall."
"I can't help it Cas, after that kiss last night, this is all I can think of, especially because you are right here. " Dean said grabbing Castiel's ass with both hands and pulling him in again.
Cas just keeps biting his lip as he nods his head.
Cas pulled back, and looked at Dean quizzically then glanced over his shoulder looking down the hall. Dean chuckled lightly placing a light kiss at the corner of his mouth. "Easy there tiger, I'm not suggesting sex." Dean smirked, grabbing Castiel's ass and pulling him in hard against his body. "At least not tonight. The couch is super comfortable though. And I know that Darla would love it if you were here in the morning when she got up."
Cas stares at Dean unsure what to do, he isn't leaving and the way he's looking at him, Cas swears if he doesn't stop, he's going to cum in his pants. He takes a breath, "Dean can you ... Um..."
"Are you alright ? " I ask tentatively, and am answered with another faint groan. Taking out my cell phone to use as a flash light, I see him laying on the ground, obviously injured, blood painting his lips, right eye painfully swollen. "Come on, lets get you to a hospital" I say grabbing his left shoulder to pull him to his feet.
"I always have Dean." Cas nods
A smile spread across Dean's face as he looked into Castiel's blue eyes "Merry Christmas Cas"
Cas grabs the headboard as Dean fucks him from behind, he loved the way Dean felt inside of him, his hard cock stretching his ass wide open. "Ungh.... Dean... so fucking gooooood" he moans, his head rolling forward, feeling another orgasm coming on faster than he would have even dreamed possible.
