This time Stefen’s voice did not startle him. Some part of Tony had expected it. He opened his eyes slowly but did not turn. The ground crunched as Stefen approached, coming to stand beside him, the distant glow of the fire at their backs.
Artur grabbed his arm and began to tug. Steve thought he had a freakishly strong grip for a boy of seven.
“I didn’t have to. As I said he seemed to be expecting it. Stanislov demanded a judge’s signature before he would release anything but I have some friends in the State Office who handled that nicely.”
Finally, Khalmmer turned, long fingers wrapped around the glass which he held out to Steve. He had unusually delicate hands, Steve thought hazily. Kind and mercurial in their touch, like an artist.
“A fairy, Bakhuizen.” Kroger called from where he lay over on the sagging sofa, “Why don’t you make a wish?”
Hands grabbed at him. Too many hands. One pair, around his neck and pushing at his face - dear god, his neck was going to snap from the force of it - another pair grasping for purchase. The second pair grappled and pulled, dragging Tony roughly out from under Stefen. The minute he was free he was dropped unceremoniously and his rescuer lunged forward, grasping Stefen by the shoulders. In the fractured darkness Tony could make out Herr Bakhuizen form bracing against Stefen’s.
! We have to get it out of him or he’ll die.”
Cameron’s face fell, his head drooping with shame. It hurt to see the anguish on his face, almost as much as the knowledge of what had put it there. The villa was home to Péter, but it wasn’t just his home. Joshua had helped his father nail every board and lay every brick. Frau Klein had helped his mother run the house and watched over her while she was pregnant with Péter, Daniel toddling around her feet and Cameron strapped to her back. It had never mattered to Péter the way it mattered to Harry that they sometimes employed their neighbors.
“Bucky tells me you’re touring,” he murmured as they moved and Jan simply nodded, closing her eyes as if lost to the music.
"The Frauline Van Dyne?" Natacha asked, her eyes widening somewhat in awe. "We've heard her on the radio."
“Stark. Good.” Stefen began awkwardly, a hesitance between each word as if he was unsure of them. Tony fought a smile. “I rang earlier but Virginia said you were out with the children.”
Steve looked over at James who was leaning on Bucky rather rudely (why did Bucky let him do that?) watching the others undress with very little interest in leaving his uncle's side.
Tony couldn’t help but look at him once more, sure that his eyes betrayed the same softness as that woman’s had as they drank Stefen in. He knew what he wanted, and he knew it was an impossible foolish dream, and yet he could not shake the hope.
“You worry about yourself. If I have to come rescuing you after everything..." Bucky warned.
No. But Steve clenched his teeth tight and forced himself not to move away. He quivered like a frightened child, but he didn’t move as she finally came within reach. He watched her, trembling, as she knelt before him, poking the tip of her knife into the lock on his manacle, digging around in the keyhole until something clicked faintly inside and the metal restraints popped open. She slid them away as if they were hot and she were afraid to touch them for too long. Steve sagged as they slid away from his wrists and fell into the dirt.
"That was close, eh Spider?"
Ingrid was a jealous twit about this, but she pretended to be Natacha’s friend anyway because Natacha was Fraulein Werner’s favorite and her father was a national hero. And likely, this was also why Emil and the other boys buzzed about her skirts like annoying flies even though she was younger than them.
“Major?” Parodi had held up the little bottle, questioning, but Steve had shaken his head. He knew the drug did wonders at boosting alertness and morale, but he did not relish trading his downed spirits with a racing heart, paranoia and terrifying dreams – the way it had the first time. He didn’t begrudge Bucky the opportunity to forget for a while. Some men could handle it better, but he’d rather burn his legs to stay awake than to ever take the salt again.
"I'm escorting Frauline Adler to her aunt’s house." Péter quickly explained. "She's just had her ninth child, what a saint, but isn't quite back on her feet. Poor old girl, it’s the dropsy we think. Her father's a friend of my father, Captain Rogers, and when Father learned she'd be coming in on the late train he sent me to make sure she didn't meet with any trouble. I know, lucky me."
But fate was funny. Bucky had lost Lara and Peggy had come along, and she'd paused when other women had kept walking, willing to see beyond Steve’s shortcomings to the man beneath…
Most of the staff hadn’t come into work that morning and what staff had come would have found it nearly impossible to keep the house running normally even if Steve had enough mind to make them try. Hammer was one of the ones who hadn’t shown up. Steve tried hard not to wonder if he’d been in the mob or hiding from it. It was just as well. Steve wasn’t sure he could survive trying to keep an eye on his children, Tony, Charlotte, The Hogans and Hammer all in one night.
Tony waited silently and Steve tried again, clearing his throat. Even still his voice came out like rust. Tony closed his eyes as Steve repeated familiar words, reminding them both of his convictions and the ideals he would always be willing to put down his life for, only opening them to turn and pin Steve with his gaze once more when Steve had finished. The look in his eyes made Steve’s breath catch in his throat.
If it were anyone else Steve would have called his tone pleading. To think that Tony Stark would be sitting in his music room, head turned and neck bared, begging Steve not to die was unfathomable. It was … impossible. Unless…. Steve’s heart began to thud heavily in his chest and he took a step forward, feeling like he'd been socked in the jaw.
“What is it he is supposed to have done?” Fil asked with the patience of a saint and he and Nik waited as Tiberius puffed up like a posturing bird and launched into another tirade.
The office was only so big but even from his place by the door Steve felt he couldn't be far enough away from the man. Schmidt lifted a shoulder in a mock shrug, the smile still a rictus on his face.
“Fathers not ready.” The boy petulantly replied.
"We all have our questions to ask of the world, but some of us; some of us are brave enough to seek the answers. And you Péter Rogers are nothing if not brave." Tony declared softly, eyes holding Péter's in a way that made something go loose in his chest and feel close to blubbering like an infant.
“Yes. We’re all familiar with your preferences James,” the baroness murmured, a sly glint in her eyes and Bakhuizen chuckled richly. Seeing the curious expression on Natacha’s face the woman smiled, tilting her head toward Bakhuizen. “One day, a fellow like him is going to come along Natacha and try to convince you you’re his whole world. What he fails to tell you is that the next girl will be his stars and moon.”
On a scale of 1-10 How hot for Steve was Captain Khalmmer and how oblivious was Steve?
“We’ll never make it to the boat.” Tony realized, frustration mounting. “Not if we’ve got gestapo dogging our every step.
~*~*~*~
Doing what he was doing was the only way for Péter to help Tony. The only way to help himself.
And Tony couldn’t help it. He moved to step in front of Stefen because Bucky looked serious. He looked half crazy, like a wounded dog backed into a corner snarling and snapping at anyone who got too close, and Tony would always put himself in front of Stefen and danger.
) in the purple coat jerked in surprise and stopped to look back over her shoulder. She paled when she recognized Tony standing there, but it was the expression of dread on her companion’s face that had Tony’s attention.
He shouldn’t have sat down he decided. He wasn’t so sure he could get back up again.
“What about Tony?” he asked, slyly and Kirk went noticeably stiff.
“No," the monk prattled on. "I spent years building up an intolerance to venom, monk training is very vigorous and all, I'll be fine. I'm just worried that they might have spread about the house.”
The answer was Number Thirteen in the Jewish Quarter but what he shouted over his shoulder to his sister was, "I forgot to pick up something at the library. Don't wait. I'll catch up."
“The International School of Geneva. They’re well known for their programs in the sciences and they also have a university level program dedicated to research that he can graduate into.” Tony explained.
The monk finished quietly before he quietly left the cockpit, leaving Tony alone with his thoughts. The food was beginning to taste like ash in Tony's mouth but he kept eating.
Time marches on and so does the war abroad. Safe for the moment in Italy, Steve and Tony try to find a way out of Pola which is easier said than done. Some things are okay, Steve is not one of them, but Tony makes like the English, keeping calm and carrying on.
“Has something happened?”
So far the record did not look good.
“Go on.” Dvořák nodded at the tray. “There is no point in arguing with him.”
“For dogs. And possibly cats” Tony refuted and they stared at one another, the Captain's fingers slowly twisting the whistle again. The way his fingers turned over the silver piece, it might as well have been a knife.
It was one of the few organizations the Nazi’s had not yet banned, in an attempt to maintain the appearance of tolerance with the church. Many of these women had formally been members of the Fatherland Front before the Nazi party had taken control and even though Steve firmly disagreed with many of their views, it was a moot point now with the Reich in control. Old wounds weren’t worth denying Natacha a chance to bond with Charlotte. Things headed the way they were, that was more important now than ever.
“That you are.” Tony conceded with a placating nod, spotting Julia passing the stage with a loaded tray of drinks and leaning down to snag her attention as an idea leapt into mind.
She looked young to be a housekeeper but the heavy set of keys hanging at her waist and the professional manner in which she stepped were telling. There was a worried set to her lips and lines on her brow that spoke of some unspoken stress of her own but her tone was fond as she clapped her hands and addressed the children.
It pains me to think of you at a place like Dachau, instead of cloistered in the abbey library on in the garden with your herbs and your bees.
"Alright. Fuck. Just let go of me. I hate that I can't shove your head in a bush anymore when you get too big for yourself."
"It's cold Vati." she complained, burrowing closer against Stefen's warm linin shirt. "My bears nose is cold too.”
What was eating at him? Tony wondered and James seemed to be wondering the same, openly eyeing his brother who was staring off toward the camp.
"Not as such. But even if I was, I assure you I’d behave the same way. I’m an incurable flirt."
“We should talk about this.”
“A frog!” Tony demanded. How the hell was this business about a frog?!
"She told you?" he finally guessed, but it sounded more like a statement.
Yes, I know that in a room so full of light
~*~*~*~
He pushed up, propelling them upwards, and they broke the surface a moment later.
Two nights ago Stefen had received a call in his office, a welcome distraction from the argument Tony had insisted upon having (despite every warning to just let the matter rest). Steve had been expecting word from one of his contacts at the immigration office on the possibility of procuring papers for the twins but instead it had been a man from the Abwehr, the office of counterespionage within the German defense department. On paper their purpose was to defend Germany from foreign espionage (among other things) but no one believed for a minute that the intelligence office wasn’t heavily involved in a little espionage of its own, treaty or no treaty.
“He’s trying to give him morphine for the pain, even though I’ve explained to him that Major Rogers is deathly allergic to morphine.” The woman hurriedly explained, accusation and fury snapping through her tone despite the threat of being hauled bodily from the room.
"I don't mind you missing dinner tonight, Ian. Today’s not been easy on anybody. But it would have been nice to see you,” his father said as he rummaged through his drawer, retrieving a little sewing kit. Thankfully he didn't say anything about how many buttons were gone. He just held a hand out, palm turned up as Ian dropped all seven of them into his hand.
On Air: KNIGHT
The first-time Péter had come to number thirteen in the Jewish Quarter at Anamarie's prompting, he'd not been sure what he'd find but the nature of their conversation had given him a good idea.
Steve opened his mouth to reply and for the first time in years he couldn't instantly recall the words he wanted. A spike of panic shot through him as the words jumbling in his mind. Had he forgotten the words? Had he truly forgotten how to speak the language of his mother’s people?
~*~*~*~
“What if he’s gone for good this time?”
“Oh don’t be such a bore Stefen. I was much older than these two when my parents started dragging me to balls. All our friends talk about it you know, how we never see your children. You’d think you were hiding them.”
"Well, only if you will call me Bethany. And allow me to pay you for the coco."
"Which way to your washrooms?" Deiter turned to ask the barman, who tensed at the authoritative command in his voice and gestured toward a narrow hall to the side of the bar that led toward the back of the cafe, where the kitchen was likely located as well.
, Steve’s brain filled in and he took a breath and tried again. He was shaking, fine little tremors all over but he doubted, hoped, Péter wouldn't see. "About being who we are."
~*~*~*~
He was shouting something, his voice warbled and broken on a sob so that it took Tony a moment to recognize it for what it was.
In the hall below Tony paused, and Steve thought he must have spotted his uncle, but Tony’s neck was tilted up. Steve jolted slightly when Tony’s gaze caught his, when his mouth curled into a smile too tired to be anywhere close to beautiful. And yet it had no smaller effect on Steve, the sudden punch of it taking him by such surprise, it pushed the breath he’d been holding from his lungs.
Forget the keys, Tony decided before he’d even finished shouting for her. He could start it with the wiring, it was basic enough circuitry, but it would take
The crowd was deafening. Ian stood rigidly straight as Herr Gobbels looked proudly out over the audience from his place high above Ian’s head on the second podium. The minister of propaganda stepped back, raising his arm in a salute and the noise just got louder. Ian let out a small breath of relief. The speech was done. It had felt like Gobbels would never stop talking and Ian had never stood so long or straight in his life. More than once his vision had tunneled.
First Lieutenant Dieter Stevens had been an officer in the state police, stationed in Salzburg for four years. He'd gotten his start after the war as a constable in the Municipal Police near his home town of Heiligenblut. Many of the comrades he'd served with had found it hard to return home after the fighting and assimilate back into a changed country, that many felt had betrayed the men giving their lives on the battle front with a politically expedient surrender. Turning to law enforcement had seemed like the natural conclusion. The only way forward in the new Austria.
“Just let me clean up and I’ll go start their lesson –” Tony was already stripping off his gloves but Stefen caught his hands, that concern still etched all over his face.
Tony had no doubt that the British would keep their word and shuffle the children to safe houses, but that would not make them
So Steve just did that, and Bucky really just did that. Question, why do Steve's loved ones drink so much? (Is it him?) Do you think Tony notices that he's a kept man? Why was Harry so upset and what kind of trouble has Peter gotten himself into now? Do you think Bucky is going to regret outing Steve to Charlotte in the morning? I mean really though... she had to know right?
Lt. Stevens frowned, rereading the report from the men who’d handled the Majors transport. Piano keys plinked away in the background, defying the silence that filled the rest of the house. Herr Stark kept the children occupied with musical lessons, and while Lieutenant Stevens was grateful for their distraction, it was too discomforting reading that the man had come to some injury while one of his sweet voiced children sang in his ear. He excused himself from the music room and signaled for Officer Luvig to take his place keeping watch and headed for the station. Captain Arnold would not be in a good mood to learn that the Major had been injured while in their hands.  They’d received strict instructions not to harm him while the investigation was under way. It was no longer a question anymore whether the man was guilty, but what theater the administration had planned for him.
The girl (because damn it, they were both just
The captain recovered first, rolling over onto his side and drawing Tony with him, cradling him close despite the cooling mess on their skin. It would be uncomfortable to clean latter but in that moment Tony couldn’t bring himself to care. He let Stefen wrap an arm around him and tuck him firmly against his side and they lay together, relearning how to breathe.
Patience was a virtue; every rifleman knew that. It was a virtue and it was going to kill him.
Natacha reached and without needing her to ask Bucky set his violin aside and reached down to help pull her onto the dock. She dripped water everywhere but he didn’t mind it as she took a seat beside him, tucking her knees up against her chest, and letting her toes wiggle over the edge of the dock.
“Melange?” Tony turned at the sound of Stefen’s voice to his right and nearly jumped, finding the man’s face much closer than he expected. The captain was leaning close to peer down at the contents of his cup. When his eyes flicked up to Tony’s he found them strangely intent. Too intent for coffee.
All that was left to them was an abundance of wait and see. Hope and pray.
Willimina paused with a funny look on her face and Ian wondered at it before she sighed again.
His eyes raked the crowd outside the window but he didn’t immediately spot the captain within the dozens of faces crowding the platform, some waiting on loved ones and many more waiting with their luggage in hand to board.
“Shit! Stark!”
"But you’ll stay here of course.” Pepper declared, approaching both boys to wrap them in a protective embrace. There was a fierceness in her eyes as she spoke, her gaze locked not on the boys themselves but Stefen, daring him to challenge her. “You can work for the captain. Or if you prefer, you can find jobs elsewhere. Both of you are strong boys, and there will be many jobs to fill. I’m sure it’s what your parents would want. Isn’t that right Captain?”
The brothers clamored their way out of the boat onto the dock with the help of Brother Simone, finding renewed strength by the sight of him and a familiar face, crying out joyfully as they hugged their comrade and praised god for their safe return. Bruce followed them more sedately, his limbs stiff with cold but eagerness to get inside the abbey and close to a real fire energizing him. Tony hesitated before following after, turning to shrug out of the blanket Clint must have lain over him after he dozed off and resolutely throwing it over the boy's shoulders.
Pepper handed him the wet cloth with a nod and moved around the table, reaching for Sara’s hand.
"Willamina isn't going to remember her own name in the morning, and if we’re lucky neither will we”, he reassured her with a wink as he pulled her close. She grabbed the hem of her dull blue skirts and nervously followed his lead, gaining confidence with each step.
“If you don’t shut your traps I’ll snap em shut for ya.” Bucky snarled unexpectedly from their spot by the window, heat lacing his voice. Steve eyed him, but Bucky had already gone back to his watch. He wasn’t sure how he felt about Bucky knowing what he’d been up to. He’d spent so long trying to hide his unclean thoughts from his prala, that it was a hard habit to break.
“Lovely,” Tony stepped forward and investigated the gift. It was rectangular and pretty flat, maybe a book of some kind? Maybe it was some research or an interesting read from Bruce, wrapped up as a little Valentine’s Day joke. There was no label, just a pretty red bow to complete the gift that Tony gave a cautious tug on, watching it come loose. There wasn’t exactly any confusion as to who it was for, after all. He hadn’t been expecting to receive anything today, anything from business associates or unreciprocated interests would be filtered through Pepper and SI before he ever laid eyes on it, and most of the chocolates and alcohol and flowers he would be sent would just be offered up to his employees to take. After delivering his little gifts to the team this morning, he figured that gave him an excuse to just stay locked up in the lab today.
This time, it was Tony’s turn to interrupt. He stalked toward Steve, the man stumbling back a little as he did. Tony didn’t stop advancing though, curling a hand around the man’s jaw and cradling his face. He lowered his voice, speaking in a soft murmur as he said, “because when I confess that I love you? It’s going to be such a grand gesture that the whole world knows about it, and even then it wouldn’t be enough to deserve you.” He watched as understanding spread across Steve’s face followed by pure vicarious joy. In an instant, he had his arms wrapped around Tony, drawing him into a hug so tight that it damn nearly suffocated him. The genius didn’t care though, letting out a breathless laugh as he threw his arms around Steve’s neck, dragging their noses together as he searched for a kiss that he knew, finally knew, Steve would give him.
Steve opened his door and blinked. It was early in the morning, the sun had not yet risen over the New York skyline due to February’s long and cold nights and while it was not unusual for some of the other Avenger’s to be awake, they were usually in a more zombie-like state by this hour. Their state of wakefulness was usually due to an inability to sleep, or in Tony’s case a project that he couldn’t bear to take his hands away from. A small smile spread across his face as the thought brought to mind an image of Tony, cranky and sleepy and blindly searching for a coffee that Steve always had at the ready. He rarely got a thank you if Tony had been up all night, usually just a grunt or some incomprehensible mumbling about scientific matters that went right over Steve’s head. It didn’t matter though, Tony could probably snub the act a million times and Steve would still have coffee ready, hot and just the way he liked it.
Steve had seen the teddy and the candy and thought it was a confession, had left this here and by the time he realised his mistake. . . Tony loosened his grip on the sketchbook and looked down at it. Carefully, he set the sketchbook down on the worktop, a slow smile spreading across his face. “You know,” he drawled, looking up at Steve, “I’m kind of offended.”
“Love me.”
“Good mor—” The words died in his throat as he caught sight of what was tucked into the couch cushions next to Clint though, and sat on the coffee table staring at him. The world seemed to tilt on its axis as Steve had the sudden, horrible realisation at what had just happened. “What is that?” He choked out anyway, as if he didn’t already know. Clint and Natasha each had a small stuffed bear, wearing their uniforms. Steve could take one guess at where the candy came from too. Oh God. He thought he was going to throw up.
He eyed Stefen who was still waiting expectantly. A man of peace or a man of God.
“Keep him on his side!” a voice shouted above him. Hands grabbed at Steve's face, forcing his mouth open. He couldn’t see who it was through his blurred vision. He couldn’t scream either, but that didn’t stop his throat from convulsing around the tube. The horrible gurgled sounds of his aborted effort echoed in his ears. The doctors held him down, pressing in around his small cot until they had pumped everything from his stomach.
Glancing at Steve, who shrugged in reply, Joshua relented, handing a silk tie to Artur who immediately crouched and set to work.
Stefen’s thrusts began to stagger and an overwhelming tenderness filled Tony’s chest with an unbearable ache. He let go of his grip on Stefen’s shirt and slid his now free arm around his neck until they were locked in embrace. Stefen’s brow dropped against his. The captain choked out a sob and Tony held him tight, shushing him as if he were a babe.
“I was afraid.”
Right then.
The captain had noticed. Tony had watched as his blue eyes had followed his son's ghost like wanderings, but Stefen had still not said anything. Waiting for…waiting for what? Permission? He was the boy's father for god’s sake. Why didn’t he just
His cock straining in his briefs brushed against the bulge straining in Stefen’s open slacks and the captain moaned, pleasure shuddering through him as he fell forward, one arm shoving under the arch of Tony’s back to grab roughly at the swell of his ass and lift, hips thrusting downward to chase after that wonderful friction and the sparks of pleasure it ignited.
Tony was growing very familiar with that look (damn Rogers).
Keeping away from the sound of unfamiliar voices carrying through the hall, Tony and Pepper darted like mice toward the music room where Tony could hear the sounds of a jaunty music playing and giggling laughter filtering from the room.
It was perfect.
Letters, Tony noted absently, one with Stefen’s return address and the other more curiously bearing the seal of the German Navy.
“Know what?” Tony asked in return, observing his face carefully. Stefen looked angry, but there was an anguish to his expression that rendered him impotent. Stefen was not a man who dealt well with powerlessness, Tony thought. It sat about as well as a belt made of thorns.
Steve looked up when he heard the sound of feet on the stairwell, though he knew the sound of Bucky’s tread well enough that he didn’t bother to lift his weapon. He kept his finger resting close to the trigger, but that was just par for the course.
Stefen shrugged into it with a small huff of annoyance and Tony wished he knew whether he was helping or hindering Stefen with his touch. He didn’t react negatively to it anymore, but Tony couldn’t say that was improvement when Stefen didn’t react to much at all. Even pain barely got a response from him. Just look at him out here without so much as a coat, working himself into a sweat!
Ian had sat up on his bed, staring at Tony with awe and Tony had winked at him like it was a game, like it was
"Tony is it true?" Maria asked eagerly almost as soon as he walked through the door. "Natacha says there are children downstairs! Are they really professional singers?"
That…he sighed after a long moment to himself. That had not been very well done.
Steve withdrew the small journal he’d tucked within his breast pocket and pushed it across the table towards Franz.
Stevie would never choose his own life over anyone else's, and Bucky had sworn long ago that he’d do the choosing for him.
“The rumors are startling to be sure, but as a ruling force we have to maintain-” Zimmerman began to defend himself but Kroger scoffed and interrupted him.
Steve narrowed his eyes at her. Their years of friendship had taught him that when Charlotte stated the obvious at him, it was always to make a point.
“That might get noticed, Tony. You need to be careful.”
“Tony.”
“You always were damned clever Tony.” The most horrible thing about those words was how genuinely fond Obadiah sounded saying them. It was far too reminiscent of the past for Tony’s liking. Obi in that chair, smoking or drinking. Sometimes both. His father at the desk, plans, prints, and documents ignored in favor of drink, ranting about their lack of progress. But instead of standing at the window looking out at the sea, Tony would be making himself small and unobtrusive on the floor by Obi’s chair, protected from his father’s temper by his uncle’s benevolent shadow.
We're both supremely dedicated to finishing the fic (FIOT is actually going to be writing at bootcamp the crazy) and appreciate you sticking with us.
“Likewise, I’ll be staying at the Kaiserhof for the next few days if you need anything.” Tony replied taking the young woman’s hand and shaking it gently. He released her, and with a fond smile Bethany McCabe turned away and then she was off, rushing to meet the waiting arms of her young man. Tony watched the reunion for a moment with gladness, but the intimacy in their embrace and the sight of their happiness reminded him of his own longing, deepening it until it ached tenderly like a bruise within his chest.
“We should touch down by nightfall.” Steve parroted what Carol had told them earlier. He left out that was if they didn’t run into enemy fighters along the way and attain damage or worse.
“I’ll say.” Bakhuizen grumbled, not altogether helpfully. “Boy must have lost his mind. Our fathers would have knocked our teeth out for cussing at them.”
“You can’t keep taking these people in. You don’t do them any good.” A pause, the sound of fabric rustling, and then the man muttered almost too low for Steve to catch, “You love playing the little hero.”
And he did.
"Does it still hurt?" Stefen finally asked, voice low and soft in the dark, and Tony heard the things not said. Did I scar you? Am I as monstrous as I feel?
"Na lel, na lel! I won't go. Mama! Mama, Papa please!"
It was stuffy. Steve thought idly, wondering if he should open the window.
And sure, little Maria’s dark hair and dark eyes could be attributed to her mother when she was locked inside the house all day keeping pale as a ghost, but under the summer sun?
Relief rushed through him, and Steve sagged, his hands beginning to shake. He became aware he was still holding the gun and lifted it, staring at it with disbelief as if it had grown an extra muzzle, his heart still pounding madly.
“We come bearing gifts!” Tony announced, and Natacha wrinkled her nose as he Péter and Ian trudged up beside her, bringing with them winters chill, and dumped their burlap sacks full of pine cones, twigs, and crystallized knobs of sap on the table beside her.
Though most of the children just stared back at him suspiciously (as if they were being tested) Maria hummed her agreement with a nod, smiling approvingly at him and Tony’s lips twitched with amusement. He’d already been forgiven as far as the little ones and Péter were concerned but the apology (much as it hurt his pride to have to give it) was still important.
“And I am well kept and very safe.”
Alright, so manners were not something the military excelled in, fair enough.
"Reject an invitation to the Berghof? No."
He’d forgotten the sheer heat two bodies could make. He twisted slowly, dragging a hand over his stomach, reaching for the body pressed so closed to his. Warmth seeped over him as he pulled the sheets away from tan skin, marveling at the flesh laid out before him like an offering. Steve turned into his side, burring his face in the crook of Tony’s neck, inhaling the warm scent of sleep that still clung to him.
As she stepped back into line the little boy on her left (the real Artur) hissed at her that it wasn’t proper to say such things and Maria indignantly hissed back, “And why not? Don’t you think he’s pretty?”
“A shame.” Tony hummed sympathetically as he followed behind Pepper’s swishing skirts, pretending to focus on his perusal of their opulent surroundings and not his line of questioning. “She was so young.”
The white stones no longer gleamed, and the paint had faded. His mother’s gardens were in disarray, the pathways nearly lost amidst grass and bramble and the hedges overgrown. There were few lights on inside. The windows closed with the drapes pulled tight. For a moment Tony stood at the bottom of the steps staring up at the front doors and let his memory sweep away the dust. Bright summer sun shone down upon his head, vibrant yellow blossoms danced on the branches of cherry shrubs. The scent of polish and baked bread permuted from the windows, opened wide to welcome in the scented breeze.
Her eyes met his and Steve saw that there were unshed tears in them.
He shook his head to clear the vision, swearing savagely at the resulting pain and fell against the kitchen door which had been left slightly ajar. His gut churned with worry as he caught his footing, just nearly avoiding falling flat on his face. He rubbed viciously at his eyes until he saw stars, nearly missing the sight that greeted him as he stumbled his way inside the kitchen. Early winter morning’s pale shine filtered in through the kitchen window highlighting where Ian, James, and Stefen with little Sara in his lap, sat crowded around one side of the table munching their breakfast. They all greeted him happily, looking like the cover of a home magazine and Bucky stopped, blinking the spots from his eyes with a dumbstruck expression.
He remembers this part. In Berlin, slowly surfacing from sleep at the feeling of warm pressure against his back, Tony’s body covering him gently. Thinking muzzily that he’d never been so warm in his life. Never felt so comfortable and so tired, but in a good way.
“I’ll have to arrest you.” Neuman answered without adornment. “There are conversion therapies that we could try, to salvage what might be left of your manhood, but I've heard the methods are brutal in their infancy.”
“That’s not...you know that's not how it works.” Ian started to say, but James crossed his arms and stomped his foot angrily and shouted over him.
years.
Tony didn’t know what it was but it always seemed to be one step forward and two steps back with these children. Though he truthfully didn’t know what he’d expected. Could he really be angry with the daughter of a Nazi officer for wanting to behave like a Nazi?
Though his prickly butler could use a shake up or two maybe it was time to put some real thought into the problem. The house was large enough, some space could be cleared somewhere. Steve supposed if he were truly being honest, there was also the fact that the gesture would bring Tony pleasure.
“What is this?” Tony asked with shock, looking up at Cameron who seemed nervous now, not fully meeting Tony’s gaze.
“Give it to me.” she gestured at the shotgun and Steve looked down at it, almost shocked he hadn’t dropped it his hands were shaking so bad. She wanted it, but he couldn’t give it to her.
“Carlo also told me, they received notice the government means to freeze all private bank accounts belonging to Jews.” Grig added to the heaviness in the room with a touch of reluctance. “They won’t touch the funding for the delegation, but now that we are promised to join Hitler’s war, the government needs funds.”
When they were far enough away from the window of the shop, Bucky wordlessly grabbed Steve by the arm and tugged him toward the alley.  Steve followed without resistance and to his credit he did not bother asking what Bucky meant when he halted them and growled for him to explain.
“Why the hell not?”
With nothing more to discover within the room Tony’s eyes turned to the side doors and hallways that led to god only knew where. He paused as one of the doors caught his eye. It was slightly ajar, pale yellow wallpaper just visible, teasing with sights as yet undiscovered. Never let it be said that Tony wasn’t a precocious being by nature, as that was more than enough of an invitation for the man to find himself quietly pushing the door of the room open.
Péter could not describe what it was he felt in that moment. Apprehension, because no matter what his father seemed to think he was not a child and he understood more about war than the captain probably wanted him to. How could he not with such a committed soldier for a father? His father did not like Hitler or the Nazis and he had trouble hiding that fact, though he never deigned to share his reasoning with his children. Stefen Rogers rarely deigned to share a meal with them let alone his politics.
The girl smirked at him.
In contrast Steve was crusted in sweat and grime. A clump of dirt dropped from his boot to the polished wood floor. Schmidt was a shrewd man. He’d meant for them to be off balance like this, for Steve to be on his back foot. Steve held his stare and straightened his spine.
“Nina’s ten. You have a daughter that’s nearly ten, don’t you?”
, in so many ways, ways that Steve had not even considered before he knew - god damn it, where was he?!
Péter breathed what sounded like a wow under his breath before he snapped his mouth shut with a click and reached carefully inside the box for the device.
“Nah, it’s just that I've liked many girls but not the same one for very long. Eventually a man's got to learn to blend in or lose his cock. It's great motivation to keep your head down.”
“She’s
Finished, Steve rose and turned to take a look at himself in the mirror hanging over the wardrobe.
! Thinking of what could have happened to Tony left Steve reeling. The fear channeled into rage. “Tony he could have killed you! And what if he made you give up the rest of us? You could have destroyed everything!”
Li' ha' eer - exclamation. Comparable to OH MY GOD.
“A helpful citizen left an anonymous tip they’d seen a pair of gypsy children here,” Hammer, the giant rat, explained with a sniff, his eyes pinned on the attic door. Tony’s heart hammered but he kept his expression as calm as he could, but for the widening of his eyes.
“I’m not my best when I drink. And here I had all these grand plans to show you the art of lovemaking.”
Maria’s solo was nothing short of enchanting. Tony couldn’t even feel pride – yes the training had been his, but the talent was all hers. The sweet, bright, beautiful spirit was all hers. She was beautiful beyond words, and Tony had to blink back tears.
Luzzato and the rabbi continued to discuss. Steve did not speak Hebrew so he could not tell whether that was a good thing or a bad thing. He startled slightly when he felt a warm puff of breath on his ear.
“I don’t think that either. Though your behavior right now tempts me to decide otherwise.”
And also no answer.
The memory of Tony lying on top of him was so vivid in his mind. He remembered each overwhelming sensation and every terrified gasp for breath as control spun away from him and fear rose up to meet him. He’d felt like he’d come out of his skin, but Tony had been there, holding him, helping to put him back in it again.
“Why would she want to meet you?” Péter snapped, his gaze falling distractedly on the window again.
Damn him, Tony thought, damn his secrets and his giant wall of contradictions. If he had any idea what
Péter clenched and unclenched his fists, heart pounding as he came to a decision.
2. We have nothing but MAD love for Peggy Carter though so we've done our best to give her real "life" within the story. Exactly because we didn't want her to be "Steve's dead wife" mentioned once or twice in the first few paragraphs and forgotten by chapter two. Even though only fragments of it will ever be mentioned in the body of the story we sat down and mapped out their backstories and lives together up until her death, so that everything that Steve does now is only possible because Peggy lived. In keeping with her character, our Peggy was a brave woman who defied many of the conventions of her time, as well as her social class, in order to serve her country as well as find happiness with someone she loved. She was here, she made a difference, and because she was here they helped rebuild their nation and built a beautiful family.
Discarding the thought to the growing pile reserved for ‘irrelevant day dreams’ Tony picked up the photo, flipped the frame over to read the inscription:
Ian was a good helper in general within the classroom, though Tony worried he and the other Rogers children might be going unchallenged. It would be two years in June, since Tony had arrived at the Rogers villa to take up teaching.
“Hercules says that Schmidt himself went to question the family. The woman’s name is Magda Hofreiter.”
Deiter stared at the secretary; his shock hidden behind a blank mask. Major Rogers, a deserter? It couldn’t be true.
Péter had raised his eyes from the letter in his hands, but his gaze had gone right past the chair where Harry sat and found Tony hovering in the doorway. Their gazes held for a long moment where Péter seemed very lost; until his jaw clenched with resolution and he shoved the letter into his pocket, shifting his gaze back to his friends.
“You believe your father should be institutionalized?” The agent asked sounding skeptical. A tear slipped down her cheek and Natacha dashed it away.
Sometimes, devoting your life to another person was a promise that they’d never die in hands that did not love them.
Frank had known the minute he'd seen his command that this would not be an easy tour and only half of it had been because they were teetering on the brink of war. The other half was the man currently sprinting to catch up with the first line. There was no prize for the fastest time a unit made it through the forests grounds they used for field training, so why Major Rogers felt the need to run them as if the Czech army was hot on their tails was beyond him.
“Back inside.” The Captain ordered, already turning back to the stairwell. Tony wanted to scream curses, everything inside him was so red and enflamed. What made Captain Rogers think it was that easy? Hadn’t he learned anything yet?
“I keep my promises, bambina.”
On the bank Ian turned but it was not to answer Tony's call.
But of course he did. He thought about Rogers until his brain ached.
“I know where to get ice!” Artur exclaimed, body already in motion.
"Is this it? God, tell me one of these bastards thought to bring better food.”
He missed those moments when the noise inside his head could not be tamed by mechanics or drink.
Rows and rows of prisoners shifted up like rolling pale gray waves.
“Da?”
Steve took a shaky breath, calming himself as he focused on breathing in and out and his promise to himself. This would be over soon, and then he would go home. But in the meanwhile, he couldn’t sit in a toilet all day with his cock out. That and the smell was getting to him. Despite the rooms chill there was an underlying sickly warm stench of urine and refuse that couldn’t be masked.  It was the product of too many bodies all going in one place and not so much as a soap bar to go about cleaning up after themselves. The apartment could barely manage a small family let alone fifteen or so men all using one pipe system.
It took a moment for Steve to push up and away, straightening his spine, and look back to where Magda was waiting, a dark shadow with an unlit torch clutched in hand. He glanced around the yard until he spotted the main house up a slight hill and to their left, windows lit. Her family likely still up and about. It was time to go. Steve took another breath and turned, following her into the darkness.
It shouldn’t be too hot. Steve had tested the water twice. Just to be sure he dipped his fingers again.
"I had gathered that, Stefen." She pulled her hand gently from his and moved away, toward the little table next to the window. "Would you like some tea or coffee perhaps?"
And then Steve is in the middle of his morning run, running around and around the villa in an endless loop no end in sight, but then Tony yells out to him from the veranda and he slows to a stop. Their eyes connect, and he breathes in deep and slow, heart thudding loudly in his ears.
“You needed more spankings as a child.”
“Dachau.” His voice rang in the silence. Blue eyes flicked to him and Stefen let his hand drop. Tony thought his stance couldn't get any tenser, but he’d been wrong.
Stark hadn't just come in handy. Stark had saved his family.
As they rounded the corner Steve caught sight of the issued Mercedes Benz, gleaming black and imposing outside the officer’s office. He hissed out a breath. He’d never backed down to Schmidt before and he wasn’t going to start.
“What else am I supposed to say, Tacha. You heard father.” Peter countered their sister waspishly, throwing a hand out in the direction the grown-ups had left in, frowning at her.
Also, anyone catch the appearance of Gambit in last chapter?
Keeping his face as guileless as possible Tony turned to Stefen and asked, "They're like you?"
“Whoever is at the top decides. And if they decide to cart your body around naked, then that’s what they’re going to do! An order is an order. If we let them go on we’ll all be babysitting camps before you blink. That’s a promise.”
“The Pope is adamant that Italy must not be like the Germans, who would resort to slaughtering their own people, but Germany insists nonetheless Italy must get rid of her Jews.” Grig began, speaking lowly with a furtive glance toward the house. The children would be waking up and sitting down to breakfast by now. “They’re allowing us to form a delegation, so that we can work with domestic and foreign allies to assist Jewish families with emigration.”
“So the Children, where are they? You’d think with near a dozen you’d-”
For a few heart pounding moments as Tony adjusted the dials all he heard was dead air and an occasional burst of static as he searched for the right channel.
"Charlotte will be happy you're back in Vienna." Bucky said to his turned back, and to anyone else it would have sounded like simply making conversation. But Steve knew Bucky too well for that.
Her hand stilled in his but she didn't let go. Her shoulders rose and fell with deliberately calm breaths, then she slowly pulled away.
Stefen bent and pressed his lips to the crown of Artur’s head, his soft head of hair tickling Steve’s cheeks, the clean and sweet
“I should at least make sure Bucky gets to bed alright. He’s pretty drunk.”
As he turned he felt a tug at the back of his jacket, but it was gone just as soon as he felt it like a phantom brush of fingers. Steve darted out into the street right in front of the automobile that was making its way towards them, swerving past looters.  The automobile screeched to a halt, it’s tires screaming on pavement. Steve barely managed to dodge the hood of the auto running into his stomach. He held up his hands empty, palms out.
"You trust her?" He barked at Vis, nodding towards the girl, but rather than wait for Vis to answer she answered for herself, chin jutted outward, "I'm the reason you were able to get these at all.”
“I was looking for a way to reach you.” He explained carefully, as neutral as he could force himself to sound given his days of pent up frustration and anxiety. “There had been no word from you at all. Did you expect that I would just sit there?”
"Well then Dachau will be their new home." The Warden smiled as if Tony had told a joke and gestured for them to keep moving. They were led to a small cramped office guarded by a single guard, who saluted the warden and was promptly dismissed. Once he’d opened the door Tony could see the room was sparse, nearly bare, clearly not a space regularly used. It was an obvious power move, but Tony was grateful for it. Having time to set it up was one of the biggest obstacles to his plan for the bomb.
Tony had set out early enough in the day that he should have concluded his business at the mill and returned to the monastery between first mass and breakfast. Word had come from Jakob Friets a fortnight before of a broken generator at the mill that was soon to be replaced and might find its way into Antony’s possession for the right amount of coin. And since, as a monk, Tony was supposed to have neither personal funds nor personal time to go about procuring odd materials for his even odder inventions, it was safe to say that today’s exchange having taken much longer than expected, was going to result in way more trouble than he’d bargained for.
It said quite a bit that none of the children uttered so much as a protest when he ushered them away, their deserts untouched. Charlotte made their apologies, spinning some lie that the children were getting over colds and needed an early night. But he hardly managed to get them all inside the room he and Charlotte were meant to share when she planted herself square in front of him and pushed him back with a firm hand on his chest.
Though he avoided every eye trained on him at the table he couldn't seem to help glancing up at Tony and when their eyes met there was a plea in them, though whether for help or forgiveness was hard to determine.
And then Stefen’s mouth was sliding over his, hot pressure against his lips sending a jolt through Tony’s system as Stefen’s tongue slid boldly over the seam of his lips. Tony shuddered as Stefen’s teeth pulled against his lower lip, Tony’s mouth falling open with a small involuntary moan. As Stefen’s mouth shifted once more and his tongue delved back inside Tony’s mouth he grabbed the man by his lapels, though whether it was to keep his suddenly liquefying knees from giving out on him and or to strangle the man he couldn’t tell.
Captain Rogers stared at the picture of himself on the blanket with his family like someone witnessing an old friend come back from the dead, moisture welling at the corner of his eyes until he blinked it away. He blinked once more, coming back to the present and looked at Tony, a wealth of emotion swimming in his eyes as he asked, “How is this possible?”
Ignoring Bucky’s startled glare Tony turned to the captain.
Whether Péter realized it or not his friends were heading to war. You did not put children in uniform and teach them to march unless you were preparing an army. It chilled Tony to think that Péter might very well know and not care. Or worse, relish it.
“And I suppose you want it in writing?” Charlotte laughed, incredulous, but the laughter faded from her expression when she realized how serious he was. Still she asked haltingly, “Stefen… you’re not serious, are you?”
“Bucky told me you were in my study.” The captain announced, and while that didn’t exactly surprise Tony it did take him a second or two to figure out what foot he wanted to get started on.
Unfortunately, the solution wasn’t picky about which ions in which metals it bound to, so it was important that they race to replenish the healthy ones he might also be losing such as iron and magnesium. Harder said than done when the man’s digestive system was shot to hell and he was too weak to so much as chew. Bucky’s instance on feeding the man tomato soup actually proved to be a boon in that area.
Tony snorted but otherwise kept himself very still, his emotions firmly under a blank mask.
The abbot paid no attention to him, entering his bedroom in a swirl of dark robes and ushering Tony inside. He crossed the stone floor without lingering and opened a drawered in the wardrobe in the corner.  Tony followed, peering over his shoulder curiously as Farkas sorted through a pile of boring folded clothing, but his mouth fell open in surprise when the abbot withdrew a pair of brilliant scarlet robes, unmistakably the dress of a cardinal.
Tony patted his arm and they did not linger any longer in the cold. They entered the door into the living room, greeted by calls of welcome. The air was thick with the scent of spices and fried dough, and the room filled with unfamiliar faces. They spilled from the kitchen into the living room, the extra table that had been set up there, groaning with food. Their family was blessed to have more than others, and so they celebrated with a few of those who had less.
The day dragged on but the sun finally did set and when the hour approached Tony crept back up to the attic and prayed that his unconventional feat of engineering wasn’t going to backfire on him now.
It was only a little way from the town, but even still it was a bit of a trek and the children were lagging what with the bundles of supplies tied to the back of their bikes. He couldn’t help but think he should have done things the other way around and taken them to lunch in the clearing first. The things you know after the fact.
Steve pulled back, the barest inch, and Tony took a deep shaky breath, visibly fighting back the sudden prick of tears. Steve held him, cradling his head, sinking his hands into his soft dark hair and rubbing his scalp.
"I don't pretend to know anything, least of all what your agenda is, Stark!" Steve turned to snarl in reply, the sense of numb calm that he’d previously felt going up in flames. Tony flinched and lowered his gaze and Steve hated the guilt that wriggled in his gut as a result. Tony swallowed and cleared his throat.
Bucky turned in and drove around the back, facing the forest and the mountain, as best he could without getting the truck stuck, snow crunching underneath the tires in protest. He turned off the engine part way there, letting the car roll to its natural stop, his gaze fixed intently on the dark structure of the cabin looming above them. He held a finger to his lips in silent instruction and Tony nodded, turning to give Péter the same signal, who was staring back at them both with wide eyes his face pale in the moonlight. Tony turned and reached for the pistol stashed in the glove compartment and slipped out of the truck, shutting the door quietly behind them.
He wasn't a little boy anymore and he had to be ready. For what he wasn't sure. Things weren't easy like in his books, where he could easily tell who was a villain and who was not.
Tony inched backward, as if to put greater distance between him and sight as Stefan hitched his son’s legs around his waist, his stomach flexing with the added pressure, water clogged shirt clinging to him like a second skin.
"I was thinking." He mused allowed, turning toward the window again. "They don't know this area the way we know it. We can cross the lake on foot, go into the woods and up into the mountains. Like when we went camping. They won't be able to follow us with their trucks."
Maybe it was just the memory, but damn did they taste better than anything else.
like that.
“Of course I did,” he replied quickly, “Steve, it’s—”
But it had always been more than that between them. Tony had hated Steve when they first met, tried to wind him up at every opportunity, disagreed with his every order, made snide comments and snappy remarks that made Steve’s blood boil. Beyond the anger though, there had always been a certain gratitude there. When he woke up, everyone handled him with kiddie gloves. Like he was fragile, like he might breakdown if they used too many pop culture references in the same sentence. They put him on a pedestal, all those SHIELD agents who grew up on the myths and legends of his story, treated him like he was special. It didn’t make him feel special, it made him feel different. Other. Like he had to be perfect.
His throat felt tight as he could feel their friendship growing through the pages. Tony in sweatpants and a t-shirt, shoving pizza into his mouth. Tony at breakfast, bags under his eyes and hands wrapped around his coffee like somebody might take it. Tony concentrating on something in the lab, brow furrowed and wearing a ratty tank that Steve had paid loving attention to. Soon came a softer one of him grinning playfully and petting DUM-E. It must have been around the time Steve took up sketching on the couch down there. Tony sprawled over the couch, fast asleep and drooling, Tony brandishing the remote and ranting about some movie or other. Then came the dates – outings. He meant outings. Tony sipping a milkshake and making pathetic moon eyes at Steve from under his eyelashes, Tony in his baseball cap and sunglasses throwing up a piece sign, Tony studying a piece of art with a puzzled look on his face (Steve probably had to explain it to him), Tony grinning like a kid at a dinosaur skeleton all interspersed with ones at the Tower. Those were by far the most intimate, Tony in his natural habitat. Cooking, cleaning, working in the lab, sleeping. The times that he looked the worst, bedhead and ratty clothes, seemed to be the ones Steve took most pleasure in. Like it was some kind of honour to get to see Tony like that. Like he was
Steve however, actually
He shook his head. It was probably from Pepper, a pity gift to make him feel better about everything he was feeling. Tony got himself together and tore off the paper, his curiosity growing as he realised what it was. A black, A4 sketchbook, the book thick was use and some of the pages dog-eared. Cautiously, he opened the first page and froze. There, in perfect cursive that could only belong to one person on this team, was a message that made his heart stop.
“I can confirm that this is not, in fact, a bomb threat, Sir,” JARVIS replied in a crisp tone, that somehow contained a silent
he had enough for two, “since you’re already here.” In the way that Tony talked crap about Bruce’s tea non-stop but knew every flavour and what it meant about the man’s mood, in the way he took Natasha to the ballet, in the way he let Thor put dents in the armour on bad days, in the way he always had time to help Clint with his trick arrows, no matter how busy he was.
As he opened the bag to take one out, he noticed that there was a white card taped to the rose that he hadn’t noticed before. He had assumed it was just an anonymous friendly gesture, one of his teammates wanting Steve to have something. It was Valentine’s Day after all, and Steve would bet that he was one of the few Avengers that didn’t have a date or other plans. He had been decidedly ignoring the thought of which pretty dame Tony would take out for a while. That all changed though when he read the note. Steve froze, almost dropping the bag of candy despite his reflexes. He stared, reading it over and over again to make sure that he hadn’t gotten it wrong. There, in a chicken scratch that had become all too familiar to him over the past two years:
Thoughts of a morning run flew out his head completely as he gathered all his items and fled back inside of his quarters, slamming the door as if somebody were going to appear and snatch them out his hands. Or worse, one of the Avengers was going to appear to laugh at his stupid face and the whole thing would turn out to be a prank. After all, everybody and their Mother knew about Steve’s feelings for Tony. It was like Nat said, he wouldn’t have lasted five minutes as a spy with what an awful liar he was. Steve had always worn his heart on his sleeve, and he had never been ashamed of that, but it was damned inconvenient when he was desperately trying to hide the fact that he was madly in love with his best friend. His teammates teased him about it all the time, trying to goad Steve into finally making a move, insisting that he was being ridiculous, but Steve knew better. Even the press seemed to know, publishing a long series of articles on how Steve and Tony always seemed to be spotted together and looking at the pictures…
Then Tony came. Brash, loud, flashy, arrogant, everything-bad-about-the-future Tony, treating Steve like he was just some jackass in spandex. Of course it made him angry, but it also made him feel free. For once, Steve didn’t have to be perfect and patient and kind. For once, for the first time since he woke up, Steve got to be
It was impossible not to see the good in Tony though.
at the end.
The upside to that was that every time Tony asked him if he would like to do something, Steve jumped at the chance. Like he said, Steve was just bored. It didn’t mean that he really liked Tony, he probably would have preferred if Nat had offered instead. They had a nice time though, at least Tony thought they did. Museums and galleries and parks and restaurants. Tony had taken Steve all over New York by now. They had been to way too many baseball games to count, decked head to toe in the horrible gaudy team merchandise – it was their compromise. Steve preferred hockey, but Tony could actually get behind baseball just for the statistics of it all. On rainy days, they stayed inside and worked on Steve’s film, TV and music knowledge. Most of the stuff, Tony had seen a few times already, but he didn’t care. It was even worth watching the crappy romance ones that Steve loved just to watch the man’s face light up whenever he caught a reference.
Steve squeezed his eyes shut tightly and took a deep breath. It was the pictures he hated the most. The ones that some pap stole of them in their special booth in their favourite diner, of the two of them in terrible incognito outfits at a Mets game so they could enjoy it “properly” within the crowd, or the two of them walking together through some museum or gallery or other. They were so horribly intimate, Steve leaned over the table slightly and clinging onto every word, Steve staring at Tony while he screamed and cheered for a home run (after declaring baseball was a boring, pointless sport), Steve’s hand on Tony’s lower back as he guided him toward his favourite painting. Any idiot could take one look at those photos and see how embarrassingly, obviously,
“So?” Tony asked softly, just before their lips met.
A few hours later, Steve strolled onto the common floor with a proud smile on his face and a skip in his step. With JARVIS’ help, he’d managed to sneak into the workshop while Tony was taking a bathroom break and leave his surprise there on his desk. His heart was still beating a little faster in his chest, the adrenaline of finally making a move putting him a little on edge. He knew he had no real reason to be nervous, logically Tony had been the one to ask Steve to be his Valentine but still. . . He couldn’t help but feel that his gesture had been a lot more intimate than Tony’s. He hummed as he moved around the kitchen, making himself a portion of scrambled eggs that was probably enough to feed a small army. He considered setting aside a portion for Tony ready to take it down to the lab as he often did, but he decided against it, cutting up some mango and banana to eat. He wanted to give Tony some time to process Steve’s gift.
After all, there was only one person he was interested in spending the holiday with, and he wouldn’t give Tony the time of day. Spending the time staring at what he couldn’t have wasn’t exactly going to put him in a great mood. No, it was better for him to stay out of the way and get some work done instead of ruining the holiday for everyone else.
“That you thought that was a confession.”
Steve saw goodness in everything Tony did, because
If Tony had noticed his feelings (and Steve refused to believe that a man as painfully clever as Tony hadn’t) then he had never said anything. Until now, he supposed.
It hurt.
Steve got to be human. And when the smoke cleared and the dust settled, Steve realised that Tony made him feel more alive than he had since before the ice. It didn’t matter that he hated the man, he didn’t hesitate to accept his offer of moving into the tower, much to Tony’s apparent surprise. But he didn’t ask, and Steve offered no explanation, and slowly but surely, they began to bond.
“Steve,” he breathed, the name like a prayer on his lips.
It was as if he had twisted a knife in Steve’s gut, his whole body deflating, “I know, I’m sorr—”
Tony blinked. His mind worked a thousand miles an hour and even he was confused at what Steve was trying to say here. Even still, he took a protective step back and wrapped his arms more tightly around the sketchbook when Steve threatened to take it, watching surprise flicker over the handsome soldier’s face. “Steve,” he said evenly, “no offence, but I have no idea what you’re talking about. What do you mean ‘I don’t?’ I don’t what? You didn’t mean this?” He felt his heart breaking in his chest and Steve looked about as bad as Tony felt.
“Be my Valentine?”
The genius grinned, so wide that it almost split his face open.
Steve had always been good at seeing the good parts of people. Tony did his best to make it difficult, to hide how much he cared. To hide concern and hurt and anything that resembled compassion between quips and jokes and sarcasm, but how he showed it in the way that every stitch of Steve’s suit was perfect, how every time he received it back, it was just a little bit safer. Steve saw it in the way that Tony was involved in the Maria Stark foundation more than anyone would have imagined, how he actually attended the STEM camps for underprivileged children and how he constantly worked hand in hand with medical professionals on his own dime to utilise arc reactor tech for medical technology. Steve saw it in the way that Tony would coincidentally be up at the same time as him on the nights where the ice wouldn’t leave his skin, the way he happened to be making Jarvis’ special hot chocolate recipe and
It meant that even when Steve ‘won’ the argument, he left feeling like he lost.
to wake up at this time, much to the mild disgust of his teammates in order to give himself time for a run long enough that it would actually feel like he exerted himself. The thought snapped him out of his daydreaming, and he shook his head, feeling his face grow a little hot. Thinking of Tony that way was ridiculous, especially when he knew the man wouldn’t give him the time of day. However, by the looks of what was on his doorstep, somebody sure wanted to give Steve the time of day.
“Tony—”
“Uh, JARVIS?” Tony stopped about three feet from his desk, staring at the gift that was sitting on his desk. He’d only been gone for about ten minutes, taking a quick shower and grabbing a cup of coffee, which meant that really the only way somebody had been able to escape his notice was if they had the help of a certain meddling AI. “I’m going to give you the benefit of the doubt that this isn’t a bomb threat,” he drawled, giving his servers the stink eye, “not that you would probably tell me,” he added huffily. Sure, he was JARVIS’ creator and technically the person that the AI was supposed to listen to, but it seemed more and more than Tony’s orders were becoming more on par with the opinions of the rest of the team. It could be inconvenient, this being a prime example, but privately he felt a sense of pride. JARVIS making his own connections, friends even, was incredibly exciting – ground-breaking even. He was sure that Steve was mostly to blame, the man forever referring to JARVIS as his friend and leaping in to defend the AI whenever Tony threatened to donate him to a community college or marry him off to Alexa. He had a feeling they talked a lot, probably too much of that about Tony.
in love with Tony he really was. In love with a man who was so many million leagues above his own that it was hilarious.
In the smallest, saddest voice he had ever heard from the man, he replied with two words. He sounded defeated.
Tony liked the way he looked. Steve knew that too. He caught the way that Tony’s eyes wandered when Steve returned from his run, or the way Tony stared when he dressed up for an event. Honestly, the man didn’t exactly try very hard to hide it. Steve had been subject to numerous comments about his ass in the Captain America suit or his biceps when he worked out – not to mention Tony’s running tally on the kitchen fridge
It hurt worse than every disappointed look, every time a dame checked her watch, every time she joked under a breath about a swap when they thought Steve couldn’t hear. It hurt more than every time he’d been stood up, every time he’d spent Valentine’s Day all alone. Humiliation burned hot in his gut and he realised that if he didn’t beat Tony to the gift he had left in his lab, he was going to ruin
He felt his heart race slowly build as he started flipping through the pages, his own face staring back at him on almost every page, or his hands, or his eyes, or his suit. The first sketch was dated two years ago and he recognised what it was instantly. Tony in his Black Sabbath shirt, this arrogant smirk on his face that made him look punchable, throwing a blueberry into the air. The helicarrier. The second page had two drawings on, both of which made his heart clench. A small silhouette, falling falling falling from a swirling portal, the skyline below him. Then Tony, from the shoulders up. The remainder of his suit was scratched up and dented, the face mask discarded somewhere. Even though it had no colour, he somehow looked lifeless, his eyes closed and his eyelashes fanning his cheeks, his mouth a thin line. He moved on quickly after that. The sketches got more and more intimate as the dates got later. They began with Tony in battle, or Tony wearing a sharp suit on his way to SI, checking his watch or sipping his coffee with an annoyed look on his face. A series of him angry, yelling and baring his teeth and one of Tony flipping Steve off with a childish pout on his face. A series of him in battle, a metal blur, holding up his palm or carrying a civilian or flying in a long arc. The next was in colour – Tony’s workshop. Everything bathed in a brilliant blue glow, Tony at the centre of the madness, a Captain at the helm surrounded by his glowing blue holographic screens.
Steve could certainly understand that. The fact that they were both Avengers was definitely one of the important reasons that Steve had decided to keep his feelings locked away instead of coming clean to Tony. Their relationship had always been fragile, rocky, easily combustible in a way that it wasn’t with anyone else on the team. It took almost six months for them to be able to stay in the same room for an hour without a room-shaking argument breaking out between the two of them. They had always been able to bring out the worst in one another, get under each other’s skin and dig their claws into where it would hurt the most. Tony was just able to set Steve off, strip away all his hard earned and carefully maintained patience like it was
one. It was always some equally lonely gal who Bucky had roped into a double date. It was usually painfully obvious that they had been coerced by their friend so they could spend the night with Bucky – who, to his everlasting couple, always explained that he and Stevie were a package deal and did she have a friend? But even though he knew what to expect, it still hurt every time he saw the disappointment on their face at being stuck with the rent, caught Bucky’s date giving her a pleading gaze or mouthing ‘just a few more hours.’ It was painful to sit in awkward silence, as they were seldom interested in holding a conversation with him and his questions were usually met with short, uninteresting answers. He had insisted over and over to Bucky that he should just go alone, that he really didn’t mind staying at home, but his best friend never wanted to leave him behind. On his part, it was too humiliating for him to explain that sitting alone at home was a better time than watching his date stare at Bucky with jealousy and desire instead of him.
━━━━━━━━━▲━━━━━━━━━
His answer, soft and slow and perfect, tasted like mango on his tongue.
“The bears? Tony gave one to everyone, some candy too. Didn’t you get one? Oh well, I’m sure he’ll give something to you later. . .” Natasha kept talking, but whatever she did say, Steve didn’t hear it over his own heart beating in his ears. He felt like such an idiot. Of course Tony hadn’t been confessing his feelings with some stupid stuffed bear and some damn candy. Of course it was just some friendly gesture, something Tony would do for everyone. Of course, Tony thought of Steve just like anyone else.
“So what?” Steve whispered back, hesitating for a second.
Wordlessly, he spun on his heel and stumbled toward the elevator, slamming the button with too much force and ignoring the concerned cries of his teammates that followed behind him.
Tony dragged his forearm roughly across his eyes, his vision getting too blurred to see the pages properly. Steve loved him. Steve
was good. Falling in love was him was never a choice, not really. Steve’s heart had belonged to that bastard since the minute he walked onto that helicarrier, and there wasn’t a damn thing that he could have done about it.
It wasn’t like he hadn’t thought about making a move. Basically anybody that knew him had asked whether or not he was finally going to ask Steve out this Valentine’s Day. “It shouldn’t be that hard,” Natasha had joked with that infuriating knowing smile on her face, “you’ve practically been dating him for the last four months.” Tony objected to that accusation. Sure, maybe he and Steve spent a lot of time together. . . more than he did with anyone else on the team. But that was definitely a result of his own feelings instead of a reflection of anything Steve felt. It had started out innocently enough, with Tony declaring that Steve needed some serious re-education about everything the future had to offer. And Steve? Steve never seemed to say no. Not that he would ever say anything, but he kind of worried about Steve sometimes. The man didn’t really have a lot of hobbies that Tony could see, aside from exercising. Tony had caught him sketching a few times too, but Steve had always slammed the book shut and refused to let Tony see at all. The point was, Steve didn’t really seem to have any friends that weren’t also his teammates, or a few people at SHIELD.
Steve had never had a date on Valentine’s Day. At the very least, he had never had a
He let his mind drift as he sat down to eat, his foolish heart running rampant with imagining what might happen next. Would Tony take him out somewhere? Valentine’s Day was busy, but Tony could probably get them a table anywhere he wanted to by using his name and his funds. Maybe they would stay at home instead. Tony was always insisting that Steve saw some film or other, or some new cuisine when he ordered food in. It would be something more familiar for the two of them, tucked up against one another. This time, Steve wouldn’t even have to pretend he was just tired and sleepy when he leaned against Tony, and the genius wouldn’t have to use the excuse of Steve’s body heat to shove his toes under Steve’s thigh. Steve was a simple man, he didn’t need some grand gesture.
He’d tried to talk their way out. Told them that these were Major Rogers Children and that he was their tutor, but the men had not listened. They heard and saw only what they wanted.
A fine partner Tony was. He was supposed to be the experienced one, and here he’d completely lost his head and let Stefen rush them headlong into a sexual affair he was clearly not prepared for. It was the thought of Stefen hurt in some way that the eyes could not see that kept Tony calm, kept his heart beating steadily even when Stefen did not respond to his pulling away. Tony made his way over to the bathing room and grabbed one of the fine towels stacked on the shelf above the sink. He wet it and quickly went about the business of cleaning himself up, and once finished returned quickly to the living room to find the captain had slumped down into the couch cushions like a boneless ragdoll.
~*~*~*~*~
And the realization that he wasn’t alone in this, that Tony wasn’t going to try and make him ignore the fear, but that Tony would
Péter glared and opened his mouth but Charlotte's hand gripping his shoulder paused, and the baroness gave Bucky an irritated look. "Really James, violence is not the answer to everything." To Péter in a softer tone she suggested, "Your uncle has been making your father soup. It's the only thing he seems able to keep down."
Bucky’s arms came around her, though she couldn’t track his movement through her tears, she didn’t need to see to curl into his chest like something small and pathetic. Which she was. She was worse than a silly child who couldn’t help herself or anybody else. She was a murderer.
"The opposite I think. He’d like me to change my mind."
He was still flabbergasted that he had to talk two relatively sensible men out of supplying a three-year-old with a gun, and he couldn't help the resentment he felt at being made to be the voice of reason. He was completely out of practice. Stefen had asked again that night at supper if Tony would come, that little half smile making an appearance again. Once the children had caught wind that they might spend a morning with their father and their uncle, free from lessons there was no getting them off the idea. Even Péter had kept sending him pleading looks. Damn Stefen for asking in front of them anyway. Tony knew he’d done it on purpose.
"Hi Tony. We’re nearly ready."
“Don’t let him fool you Chavo, your Da gets into way more trouble than I do, and I’m the one always pulling him out.”
Stefen bit into the apple he’d been holding, a rumble of laughter leaving him.
“Tony’s right.” He declared to the others. “We can’t just sit around, sorry for ourselves. Father wouldn’t want us to give up hope. He’d-” but before he could finish, Natacha wrested herself free of his arms with a vicious jab of her elbow and fled up the ladder and into the loft, slamming the door shut behind her. The latch scraped loudly in the silence she left behind.
"You should start calling me Rossi, or better yet Cardinal." Tony scolded the little imp under his breath when he was certain he was close enough that no one else would overhear. "What if one of the police were watching?"
“Kapuziner then.” Stefen tried but Tony was having none of it.
“You ready?” he murmured low, offering Péter one last chance to change his mind, but Péter just nodded. At first he held it as if it were a gun he were unused to firing. His fingers pale where they clutched the dark wood tightened as he stood, drawing the eyes of the guests and his father once more.
[Further interruption from off camera]
But not everything was about the finish line and Steve’s will was iron, his hand insistent where it lay in bold request on Tony’s flesh.
Hope never died it seemed.
Standing still might keep him safe true enough. But as Tony sat mentally turning pages of books long ago etched into memory, considering and considering, he had taken a deep breath and come to a certainty. He was not made for standing still.
“Well then, Patino, help me get the others ready,” Tony requested and Ian nodded, smoothing down his hair.
Rogers took a breath and the let it out, his anger changing into something sharper, under his control. “I'll be with them in a moment."
“Without a sled?” Ian asked, frowning in contemplation and Tony had given him a tired wink before taking up the lead again and trudging along.
Tony nodded, looking down when he felt Artur tense next to him.
What good was it, that Stark gave his brother a reason to live if loving him was only going to make Steve act in a way that got him killed? Bucky really would do it first. He’d never let Steve die in Nazi hands, an
“It’s important, Tony. Klaus Stolz fainted during a march once because he stayed up too late the night before.” Ian told him.
~*~*~*~
“I meant every word. I’m proud of Austria. I wanted you to be. You should be.”
Tony would never understand all of his mother’s choices, but in the eyes of her son, Maria Carboni’s saving grace had been a willingness to love and be brave even standing in the shadow of her worst mistakes. Hughard had run from his shadow until the day he died. The choice was before them all now, whether to run or to face this mess of their own making. Italy had a problem of conscience on her hands, and Tony could only be grateful that for the moment, her people had determined to listen to their better angels.
