Tony doesn’t know who says it. He just closes his eyes and gets it all through his head. For all this time he’s been constantly so worried about his son ending up killed that he never thought about his boy potentially killing
A large bandage is put on. It’s a bit bloodied, but it seems dry for now. When he touches it, he doesn’t feel pain but mostly just uneasiness.
“Hey, man, I’m seventeen, you know?”
instead. “Do you know when the others will be back?”
“Okay guys, like this old man says, this is a circle. Just so you know.” These teens had been seeing her and Logan argue for about fifteen minutes, just sitting and staring. For them, this must’ve been the most hilarious lesson they’ve ever had. Logan’s sigh sounded more like a grunt when he turned back to the board. Yaël could swear she could hear him mumble something about ‘this stupid subject’.
“Tony…”
Peter hangs on. For an hour, he bites his tongue and pretends to enjoy himself. But after that, he decides he needs a moment. Just a bit of fresh air. So he quickly tells Ned he’s going out for a little while, and then gets to the garden. Walking past a few couples that are making out, Peter hurries into a secluded spot where he, then, starts to climb up the wall.
He’s surprised to see Tony seated at the table as well, his eyes stuck to a tablet while he sips on his coffee. Given the number of pads that have hastily been dropped on the counter, Peter figures that’s not his first, nor second cup this morning.
“And why would you think that I am?” Yaël asks, crossing her arms and leaning against the wall. Peter then shrugs.
“Well, we got thrown into an alternate dimension where our lives were extremely different and I learned that I was a pretty horrible dad in an unhappy marriage. What was your journey through the dimensions like?”
“Hey, good idea! I’ll add her to the list,” Tony quickly interrupts him. Bruce wants to protest and probably say that he didn’t actually mean it, but Tony doesn’t give him the chance. He quickly sends the message and then leans back in his seat.
But yeah, their clothes were mostly off, and with Tony’s hand around Steve’s junk being the way Peter found them, it was obvious that they lost.
“FRIDAY? What happened here?” Peter asks. “Why is there a broken bottle on the floor?”
Steve doesn’t struggle when he’s next. He allows Thor to do exactly what he did with Tony, except this time it goes a bit faster. Steve’s color scheme is, obviously, red blue and white. He does the obvious things himself; putting on the white pants, the red boots. Once he’s given the blue shirt, he’s surprised when Thor starts putting it over his head. In contrary to Tony’s uniform, Steve doesn’t have a chest plate. Instead, there’s a star on the lower left of his belly, made from white stones and small red gems. The cape he’s wearing is red, the same color as Tony’s fabric. In contrary to Tony, Steve has a hood on his cape.
So Peter doesn’t sign. Neither does Wanda. They look at each other, and Peter holds his thumb up. Soon, it’ll be their turn, after all.
It takes about an hour due to the old technology and the lack of internet in the place, but eventually, he does think he’s got it right. Giving FRIDAY the instruction to go on, Tony waits patiently for the plates to go up and reveal the train wagon.
“I should call Steve, tell him you’re awake,” Wade said, already turning around to go and get his phone.
“She’s a kid!” Steve shouts.
“Quite okay, as long as she is busy. She still thinks a lot about it, but the psychiatrist is helping her out with the stress and the sleeping.”
“I don’t know. I don’t care. Just make sure to see him before you head out. He’s in the workshop,” she tells him before taking her stuff and heading out into a hallway. Where it leads to, Pepper has no idea. While she and Tony designed the tower together, she never really had (or wanted) any say in the compound.
, she thinks she sees it. It’s the way they move, or the way they try to regain posture after another blow. And she’s staring for longer than she wants.
Tony shakes his head. “I don’t drink anymore,” he says, knowing exactly why that’s such a bad idea. Peter, though, gives him a disbelieving look.
Peter wakes up in the morning, only to be greeted by his father, who is looking way too excited for being barely awake. The guy made him breakfast, and even as Peter is eating, the guy is still jumping around excitedly. Before Peter can even ask where Steve is, the guy starts explaining what he’s planned for today.
Holy shit, he actually picked up the phone.
“Good,” Bruce says. “Let’s get to work.”
Yaël knocked, but got no response. Should she just walk in? Who knows what a teenager does in his bedroom. She didn’t want to see that, so she firstly pressed her ear against his door. Nothing. Yaël put her hand on the doorknob and doubted for a second if she should open it, chewing on the inside of her cheek. Then she turned the knob.
“Lopt, there was something strange about him, but I can’t put my finger on it.” Charles looked pensive while he spoke.
“Oh, and what may that be?” Yaël crossed her arms. She had decided this Grandmaster wasn’t a friend of hers.
“Nah,” Yaël sat down in the sofa, next to him “I’ve been keeping it cold the whole time. I brought some old Superman-movies, by the way!” After fishing out the ice-cream, Yaël dug the DVDs out of her backpack. “I hope you like these? I don’t really know anything about it, but it sounded like a cool story.”
Once Mary’s secured the samples into the fridge, Tony’s about to announce his leaving. That’s when Mary surprises him.
Once they get into the room, it turns out Peter’s sleeping again. He’s out of his clothes, wearing a blue gown instead. In his arm there’s an IV running, on his finger a saturation reader. Tony sighs, letting go of Steve and putting his stuff on the chair next to Peter’s bed so he can walk forward and kiss his son gently on his forehead.
If Peter can get a chance to make things right again with his former best friend, you bet he's going to follow that chance, no matter how stupid the idea is. Because that's the point; he can't think about this rationally.
.” Peter gives Tony a quick smile after that. Tony smiles back, though only hesitantly.
“-the Mighty Sorceress, or The Element, or maybe The Rainbow Pony, or…” Wade’s chatter about finding a fitting name for Yaël pulled her out of her thoughts. Peter was even smiling a bit. What a weird group of friends have they created.Yaël grinned. Yes, Peter clearly had become a friend.
Chapter warnings:
Taking off his suit goes easily. Peter’s almost experienced when it comes to this. In just a minute, the thing is already folded back into his bag, and Peter already makes his departure from the toilet, though not without washing his hands. Mr. Stark notices a lot of things, and if Peter’s hands are not a tiny bit wet, he might think something more went on here.
Tony looks down at his wrist where the watch Deadpool gave him used to be. He’s glad he thought of removing it before coming here. This watch should be locked away. Sure, he’s grateful for Wade’s help, but a person as instable as him shouldn’t have this on him.
Peter snorts, but then he nods. “Of course,” he assures him. “He’s kinda like a Dad to me, now.” The jokes come out so easily, and luckily the man doesn’t seem to think further on it.
“Tony, calm down-“
Peter shakes his head. “I didn’t steal anybody!” he shouts back. “You and Gwen had already broken up! I’m not even
There’s a long silence in the elevator. Tony has a strong urge to bring up a casual conversation, get Steve to talk, but he knows he’s already pretty much on thin ice here. For no obvious reason, Steve is helping him out here. He shouldn’t push his luck.
“Shhh, Steve,” Tony stops him. “It’s not your burden to bear.” Tony leans forward, pressing his forehead against Steve’s. His fingers carding through Steve’s hair, the two take a moment to calm themselves down. “I shouldn’t keep on kicking you out. That’s not fair of me. You live here just as much as I do.”
“Eh, most of them are alright. You just need to be lucky,” he shrugs. Just as he finishes his sentence, a taxi comes to a screeching halt in front of them, revealing none other than freaking
“Hey Gwen,” Peter says lowly in a greeting. Of course there’s no answer, but every time he’s spent here, he’s always talked to her, and his mind often offered an answer that she’d probably would give. So with keeping his eyes closed, he can perfectly imagine her standing there next to him with her little bonnet on and her knee socks. Her blonde hair is soft and perfect as always, and her blue eyes are as sweet as he can remember.
“He was friendly enough before he turned out to be HYRDA. Then he tried to attack me in an elevator.”
“Yeah, sure, I’ll keep that in mind.” Peter turns towards Harry. “Have the others made any progress on finding Venom so far?”
Tony shrugs, pulling up his tablet again before searching through it. Then, once he’s found it he turns it back around.
to sign the accords. And if you do that, they’ll know who you are. I chose the lesser of two evils.”
This is not gonna do; if he wants to keep being Spider-Man, he’s got to learn to protect himself better. Sure, he’s been doing fine for the past year, but as it turns out he’s no match against Harry. And it’s not like the Goblin is particularly stronger than his previous adversaries, but it’s just because it’s Harry.
“Now, this suit is not yet available for you. I just wanted to give you a sneak peek as to what you can expect when you get to change my mind.”
Peter asked her to hang out. Now, all of a sudden, he asked her to hang out. Yaël scratched her nose. What should she reply to that? Probably yes, because this actually meant that he did think about her.
“Whoa, at least now we know how we ended up the way we did,” Yaël jokes awkwardly, and Peter lets out a small, uncomfortable chuckle.
“I wanna be the mate of honor!” Clint shouts in the background.
(See the end of the chapter for
That guy will never be his biggest fan, and that’s okay by him.
“You, go back home. You’re taking the rest of the day off,” the man says, pointing towards Peter with his cellphone. Peter opens his mouth to protest, but Mr. Stark stops him. “I’ll arrange it with the school, you won’t lose any points over this. Just get back to your medication and take care of yourself for a bit.”
that? Peter feels as if he should start denying it, make up excuses as to why exactly it
He doesn’t know who came to his rescue. He doesn’t care, either, right now. Because ten seconds have already passed, and he’s still falling.
April 7
They hug, too. Not as long as with Steve or Wanda, but enough to give Peter a sense of security.
actually dressed to go outside, despite her hair looking the way it should look after waking up. Her hands come to rest on her hips while she stands next to him.
“As for the Avengers themselves,” the man continues. Everybody turns quiet again.
“Tony, please! Just look at me!”
“Is everybody getting home? Or do I need to drive someone?” he asks.
“Well, you do seem like you’re in desperate need of leadership.” Loki huffed with a smirk, still recovering from the shocks.
But Steve doesn’t answer, instead shakes his head and pulls away from Tony, leaving the room at last.
“While I understand your feelings towards Steve and what happened back in Siberia, I think you should know something.”
! It’s moving day! All the Avengers’ stuff being transported to the compound!” Peter realizes. “He’s gonna rob Dad’s plane! I gotta stop him!”
“Viz, you know you can call me ‘Dad’ if you want to,” Tony jokes, slapping the guy gently on the shoulder, but only getting a confused look in return.
He hears every minute pass by, reminding him of its presence in the room.
“I’ll keep my eye on you, pal. You always disappear around midnight and I’m still curious as to where you’re going all the time.”
Tony sighs, but then he sits up a bit more straight. “Let me try,” he then says. He closes his eyes, tapping into the different frequencies around him. It takes a little while before he can get to the Avengers’, but once he does it’s a cacophony of voices and curses.
Peter sits up again when, suddenly, he sees the guy she was arguing with running after her. That doesn’t look good at all. Peter jumps up, swinging towards the other building until he’s on another roof that can get him a full view. He needs to know if there’s something going on that needs his intervention here. He might not like Michelle all that much, but she’s still kind of a friend.
Aunt May must have noticed them, right? Is she even home, yet?
And as Steve leaves the room, Peter and Mr. Stark continue perfecting the clothes. He only goes home when Aunt May asks him if he’s coming for dinner, and Mr. Stark lets a man called ‘Happy’ drive him back. And if Peter is smiling the entire time while he eats, Aunt May only seems to see it as him finally getting better.
“I’ve been forgetting my meds,” Peter admits. Mr. Stark stays quiet as Peter clears his throat again. “In June, my girlfriend died. The Goblin took her, I was there, but I couldn’t save her.”
“It’s alright. Dum-E’s been working on your system? I can give you plenty of reasons why you should donate him to an orphanage, you know,” Peter jokes. Tony laughs as well, but Wanda seems shocked, immediately hurrying towards Dum-E and shielding him away from the two.
“I prefer your Parker-hair,” she admits. Peter laughs at that.
“You’re staying here?” he asks. Peter nods with a smile. Tony holds up his thumb, and then gets himself to the door. After he’s out, the guard gives Steve a confused look before closing the door behind them. Steve lets out a long breath.
It’s obvious that Pepper seemed amused by the explanation. As she giggled, she put her shoes down on the ground and continued to the fridge barefooted.
Of course, Peter knows who he gets
“Be safe, couz,” she tells him. Then she hurries out, taking her files and everything else with her. Tony doesn’t respond. Instead he takes a deep breath and tries to calm his entire body down. Being nervous isn’t going to help him get out of here, after all. He looks up at his IV-bag, seeing that the thing is nearly empty. He just wishes he could take it out.
They’re smirking. Tony just knows it.
Thanks for the kind comments, as always. I love you all. ^^
Yaël suddenly felt a soft flutter inside her head, it was almost impossible to notice, but she had learned to recognize it since the professor crept into her brain frequently after they both went through her traumas together.
Steve closes his eyes, counts to five. Stay calm.
But she had declined. “I’m not a hero, Peter.”
“And why again do you know how to do my make-up?” Maybe Yaël should be worrying.
“Don’t worry about that. I can get us inside. You just need to show me where I need to go.”
Peter is still breathing heavily, chest heaving up and down with dried tears still sticking on his cheeks. His hands are clutching on Mr. Stark’s, as if afraid to let them go. Shame hits him immediately, making him want to puke on the spot.
“YOOO CAP WE’RE HEADIN’ OU- OOOH CHRIST MY EYES ARE BURNING AAAAAH!”
“It’s not for now; I still need to make sure you understand the gravity of you using your overrides like that. But, maybe in a while, you’ll convince me.”
Classes go in a haze, and during lunch, Peter and Ned are once again seated together as they discuss the difference of strength between the Hulk and Thor. One table next to them, a few of the students are chatting about the heroes as well, only on a whole different scale.
“Hey, Peter, isn’t that your Dad with my brother?” Shuri suddenly asks, pointing to somewhere over Peter’s shoulder. When he looks behind him, he indeed sees Tony walk there in the crowd of people, accompanied by the King, Bruce and Rhodey. Just a group of guys, causing for a lot of jaws to drop once they’re noticed.
FRIDAY answers dryly. “
Harry still looks a bit hesitant before nodding. He jumps back up to get an extra set of sleeping clothes, already knowing where they are. Peter wonders if he should be concerned about that, but figures it’s only normal he would keep them in one of the drawers. Maybe Harry was just lucky?
“Good boy,” he says, forcing up a small smile. He should continue. The sooner it’s finished the better he can make sure that something like the ‘infinity war’ doesn’t happen again. Or, if it does happen, that he’s at least not so easily taken out of commission.
There’s T’Challa in black and purple, Nakia in a long green dress and Okoye in red. Gamora’s in black, Quill in red. They didn’t bother to try and put something on Drax, Rocket or Groot. Nebula, though, is nowhere in sight. Steve can’t remember seeing her when they landed, so she must not be with them.
“I don’t know, maybe I’m not…” Steve starts, but doesn’t finish.
“What isn’t?”
“Shit,” Rhodey says.
“Uh, heya Petey,” Tony greets his son, glad to see at least one familiar figure in the tower. Then, much to his surprise, he’s followed by another teenager. This second boy looks a few years younger than Peter.
The kid in the middle, a round, dark-skinned boy Peter recognizes from his school, is hunching forward, as if to prepare himself for a blow he’s about to get. He can’t have been in Midtown High for long, only recently transferred from – where-ever it was, Peter doesn’t really know. So far, he hasn’t had any luck in making friends due to his obvious geeky behavior.
“Why?” Yaël asked him confusedly.
“No-nothing, really. It’s just… I would have expected you here? Aren’t you, like, extremely mad at me or something?”
“Yeah, uh, that would be nice,” Tony says with a shivering voice. Dr. Wynedell is quiet for a few seconds before speaking again.
“Uh, the alternate version of Steve had a statement to make, I think,” Tony jokes. Then he eyes Steve curiously. “You’re not married, are you?”
“Dude, that’s not cool. If we miss the movie because of you, you can be certain I’ll come back for you and web your hair into a new style, and it’ll be sticky,” Peter jokes. He’s not a bully, there’s no way he would actually do that. But Flash seems to understand the message enough. He takes another step back while still looking at Peter with what seems like fear and adoration at the same time.
A bombing during a meeting that would discuss something called ‘the accords’. A camera shows images of the wreckage that was once the building. He can see another glimpse of Natasha in the back, talking to somebody in a suit, who turns out to be the crown prince of Wakanda.
“Dad! Hey, wake up!” he shouts, but there’s no response coming from him. He’s in it too deep. Peter curses, looking around for something that might help him. He sees bloodied tissues scattered around, another one wrapped around Tony’s hand where he must have accidentally cut himself.
The next day, Yaël woke up by noises coming from the kitchen. Did someone break in again? Anyone could simply walk into the building and picking a lock wasn’t exactly something someone needed to study for. She jumped out of bed and opened her bedroom door as silently as possible.
Charles chuckled. “That’s true. But I don’t mind getting such compliments on my age.”
had truly been the surprise of the century, she remembers. Stark’s goofy little kid who is clumsier than anything else? Who would have thought?
“Maybe your story’s not so crazy,” Tony admits, offering Steve a small smile. “Ross has no idea I’m here, and I’d like to keep it that way. Otherwise I would have to arrest myself.”
Tony gives him a fake-shocked look, putting his hands against his cheeks. “No way! What if I have to go to the toilet?”
Then, May offers a simple solution by leaning back and rubbing her eyes before standing up. She lets go of Peter’s hand and starts stretching her arms.
with Flash!”
“S-so, what country do you want to move to?” she hiccupped from laughing.
“I, uh… I think I might have feelings for… uh,” Steve looked down at the ground with a sad look.
complicated? Sur, Peter has limited knowledge on how the thing works, but given a bit of time he managed to find some sort of beginning to base himself on. Besides, the technology is
"I- what the fuck?" Tony stammers out. Then Steve holds out his fist towards Tony, expecting a fist bump. Everybody blinks, still surprised for what just happened. Understanding dawns in on everybody.
“Can you believe it? I risked my job… because of a stupid crush,” she says, hollow laugh following suit. Tony feels something heavy in his throat, because that’s
for his dad.
.” Yaël nodded. Where was he going with this? “So, I tested something and that was leaving you for a few hours while being well aware of your presence on this ship.”
“Hello, Peter,” Harry says, looking up smugly.
“Sounds complicated,” Steve mumbles, impressed by it all. Tony shrugs.
“I’m sorry, am I hearing this right? If we don’t sign this, we can say goodbye to the Fantastic Four?” Johnny asks after Ross finally finishes. Sue is tired of waiting, pulling the book out of Reed’s hands and giving it a light read.
Oh… wait, stupid question.
The Avengers are on a mission. That much he has gathered. What the mission is about, he has no clue. He should probably have gone with them, since he’s an Avenger as well. But he couldn’t. He still can’t.
Peter dials in the number, pressing the phone between his head and shoulder as he tries to lift Tony’s head up a bit. He needs to check if his airways are still clear. That’s what he remembers from first aid, at least. Check for a pulse, check for breathing.
Tony takes a deep breath, wondering what kind of person this Tony actually is. Would he mind if Tony were to meddle in his business?
The drive is silent as always, so Peter busies himself with texting Ned and Aunt May while reading through his literature text for tomorrow. It’s three boring pages of ancient English that he can’t for the life of him understand, but he’s sure he can bullshit his way through it like he always does. As long as he finishes the questions that go along with it.
hung up on him? How is that even possible? Peter was just about sure that he’d get the scolding of a lifetime for not getting away when they told him to. Heck, he’d at least expected Steve at one point to grab the phone from Tony and give Peter a piece of his mind as well.
“You can go downstairs and get yourself a badge. If you give me your school-hours, my assistant will work out some sort of schedule for you to be here, which I’ll send to you through mail. On the first day, you will be given the tour, but after that you’re expected to start working alongside the other creators.”
“Yaël?”
“Yeah, I’m probably going to regret this one day. FRIDAY, you’re free from my irresistible charm now.”
He looks to the side, trying to catch a glimpse of the picture that is now lying upside down. He wants to reach for it, but he doesn’t. She wants him to wait until this evening, and he’ll do damn well what she asks!
“Seriously, that’s all you have to say?” he finds himself snapping a bit, not believing he’s here talking his heart out and Steve is just waving it off like that.
“Something else I should know?”
“You don’t have to explain, dear,” Steve assures him while reaching out his hand, linking his fingers together with Tony’s. In return, Tony doesn’t respond, instead closing his eyes and smiling happily as he leans his head back. He can’t believe that, after all these years, he’s right here. Despite all the shit Tony’s put him through, psychologically, mentally… Steve is still here. He still loves him, still cares for him.
“You’re kidding me, right? They played it on the radio all the time back in 2017! They even played it at that gala, it was our first public outing, remember?” Tony thinks back fondly of those years, a bit sad that more than twenty years have already gone by since then. He would have expected the future to be more different, but… being the provider for the future for so many years, it seems like it’s all just designed the way Tony thinks. Or the way Peter thinks, now.
The sound of another door that’s opened. Then a voice in the background.
“I don’t want it to be a taboo, Peter.”
“What? No! Dad, come on, I don’t need another lesson, I get it, alright? I’ll allow you guys to take off the suit and then we’ll burn it or something, I don’t know. Just, are you at the tower?”
“Last I remember, you were with him during the whole fall of SHIELD. You, as much as he, could have told me
Suddenly, there was a loud explosion. As a reflection, Yaël checked on her friends. Peter had disappeared, which gave her an immediate heart-attack. He might be Spider-Man, but he’s also a young guy who can die as easily as any human. Right? Or made the Spider-stuff him immortal? Yaël should research that later.
“What’s up?” Peter gets out. His stomach isn’t all too happy about it. He puts his hand on top of it to calm it down. Behind him, the door closes.
“No, but I don’t see what he could do to you if he knew what you’re going to do.”
“FRI, when’s the nearest flight to Prague?” Tony asks towards the ceiling.
“Yeah, apparently so. Though nobody wants to tell me where I’m from or how I got to be here,” Yaël complains. “It’s so frustrating, I can’t remember anything, and everybody who knows just simply refuses to say anything!”
Bring
“But, it’s okay, I’ll manage! Sorry for bothering you, mister X.” Yaël wanted to stop whining to this man, but his last words, before hanging up, made her feel warmer than ever.
“Good morning, sleepyheads. My bed comfortable enough?” Peter asks, lifting his cup of coffee. Clint looks up, blinking a few times towards Peter before frowning.
. He can’t just leave his country like that.
“It’s alright. I think I have a way to make hem stop,” Tony assures him.
“O-okay…”
Quickly, Peter puts her down until she stands.
have had children, it’s rather late for us to start with it,” Rhodey points out. Tony gives him a short glance while pulling on the box.
“I’m not going to kill Tony Stark or anything, dude.”
“What?” Yaël asked confusedly.
Just to keep you informed: tomorrow, kalkoekvsneoklak and I are going on a vacation for a few weeks.
“Nah, you’re right. That’s surely not the best way to tell him. After all, he’ll probably not even believe me, right?”
“Already way ahead of you,” Tony mutters sleepily. “Hmmmm, love ya.”
“So, what’s the verdict?” Peter asks nervously.
“What” Peter asks, curiously.
Steve asks.
“YOU TOLD THEM?!” he shouts out, his face becoming even redder than before.
- We all know what happened to Rhodey. It happened here, too :'(
“Whatever game you’re playing, it won’t work,” Hela clearly didn’t trust a word Thor said. “You can’t defeat me.”
“Hey, hey, hey!” Strange calls out, grabbing Peter by the shoulders. “Who are you talking to?”
“You alright?” she asks, a bit confused. Tony nods hesitantly.
It was horrible to watch.
“Uh, come at me,” Tony says, trying to sound sure but feeling anything but.
," Peter says in between his laughter. "You wanna join?"
“I wanted to tell you when you were better,” Steve defends himself sadly. “You were having such a hard time, and I didn’t think you would-“
“We’ll call you when they have our stuff ready.”
“If you’re going to say something about me not acting like myself, just swallow it back in. I’m not in the mood,” Peter snaps at him before he can even speak. Johnny’s mouth closes again. He looks at Peter for five seconds longer before he finally leaves him alone.
“We know that, Nat,” Sam defends himself. Right after that, the door opens, revealing Steve to walk inside. He looks sweaty, like he’s just been in the gym for the past two hours or so. He heads to the fridge and takes out a bottle of water. After that, he turns to look at the three on the couch.
And Felicia hangs up after that. With the shower hot and finally out of his clothes for the second time today, Peter walks into the shower. Only this time, his limbs give up on him and instead of standing, he sits down on the floor, letting the water hit him on the back. The drops roll into his eyes, all over his face, but he doesn’t mind.
“I know, right?! She should have gone for the second dress!”
“Yo, buddy! I’ve been looking for you all evening! Weren’t we about to watch that Star Wars movie together?”
He can only just see Natasha smirk at him when he walks towards the kitchenette to get himself a cup of coffee.
Peter remembers one of the codes FRIDAY gave him. Next to the override-one, there’s also a request for immediate help. It contains a certain combination of numbers that needs to be typed in on the phone, which would alert FRIDAY immediately. Peter can’t care too much right now that FRIDAY keeps watch on his phone in the first place.
“Yeah, I’m almost starting to feel insulted, you know,” Steve quickly tells him as a joke. Tony groans, pressing his face against the pillow to hide himself away. Steve laughs, throwing an arm over Tony’s shoulder. “Don’t worry, Tones. I was just joking.”
“It’s only an hour, Peter. We do the decathlon, you go to the internship, and then you go home. I’m sure it won’t be
“He totally did!” Peter exclaims happily. Then he points at his shirt. “He even got me this Star Wars t-shirt!”
Tony sounds literally shocked. In the background, Peter can hear Steve talking in return.
“Everybody’s at home, it’s ten in the evening,” Gwen explains when she sees Peter look around in confusion. “And the Avengers are in the common room, I expect. But I’m sure we can find Tony in the lab.”
And that silences Tony a bit. Even as Steve and Zemo start talking, discussing the things he’s done, Tony’s mind keeps on rolling, putting everything in order and trying to see
And Peter smiles sadly. “To you, yes. To other people, no. I’m just another human being who is getting the inevitable,” he continues. He squeezes his dad’s hand. “Dad, I know you’re going to be doing some crazy shit to get me out of this. I’m asking you not to. Don’t risk the universe for me.”
Mr. Stark downs his glass in once go, already preparing to fill it up again.
Chapter warnings:
“Eh, Peter Parker,” Peter answers without really paying attention. Then the printer behind the guy comes to life, and a piece of paper comes out of it. Lincoln fishes it out, writes something on the top of the paper, and then hands it to the teenager in front of him.
“So I’ve heard- who are you again?” Bruce asks in confusion. Strange just snorts and turns around again, motioning for him to follow. He gives Peter one short nod to tell him he needs to join them as well. Peter wants to warn him about the phone call that is currently being made, but the spell on his mouth doesn’t seem to let go.
“You don’t agree with them?” Vision asked, looking a bit surprised. How could he even be surprised? It’s not like Yaël felt blessed by those bloody accords. She looked away for a second, trying her best not to start crying. She was acting childish, butthurt, she knew that, but she couldn’t help it. She was sick of looking at the inside of this building. And, yes, of course she was grateful that Peter came visit her and Wanda frequently, but it was hard to show that, given the circumstances.
But, wait… Peter’s suit, the tech of it is
Peter sighs before reaching for his phone again. He doesn’t care how late it is, he just searches for Harry’s number and presses down to call him. Right now, he needs somebody to talk to. And sure, he knows he has a lot of people that are currently located in America that he can reach, but right now the only person he needs is his old best friend.
“Tony’s intern? You must be a big deal, then, since I’ve never heard of Tony getting an intern,” Otto says, clearly surprised.
Though this Cat really
,” she says. Steve nods once more before pulling back a little bit. Peter can see Mr. Stark grabbing Steve’s shirt, as if afraid to let him go. With a deep sigh, Peter steps forward and takes Mr. Stark’s hand into his own. Then Steve steps back to take out his own phone. In the background, Peter can hear him call after Dr. Cho, asking her to prepare the operating room at the Compound and explaining what exactly happened.
Yeah, Steve’s pretty lucky, and he feels like there couldn’t be anything that could ruin this evening for them.
“Jezus,” Tony mutters out. Before Natasha can respond, Tony picks up the phone. “Thaddy, what can I do for you, my man?”
. She was afraid that if she’d say it out loud she’d start crying like a child.
“But I am awake?” Tony shakes his head. Steve does the same, putting a hand on top of Tony’s against his cheek.
“Charles, tell me, isn’t he just the greatest man alive?” Tony asks while entering, noting Charles seated behind his desk with Steve standing in front of it. Charles is smiling lightly, probably having sensed his presence beforehand. The smirk gets even wider when his eyes fly up to Steve.
“Because it’s classified Avengers-business,” Tony concludes. “Just because your father was an Avenger doesn’t mean that you get to know all their secrets.”
After that, she pulls back, taking a little pen out of her pocket and holding it up.
“Hello Mr. Stark, can I come and change your IV bag?”
“No, silly, I mean Peter.”
“You broke up with him, remember?” Peter continues. This is really not going to be a good day.
“I know, Tony, but if they call us up to be on the scene in
“You’re old enough to figure this out. Keep it contained, okay? Dinner will be there in twenty minutes,” he says before walking off. After closing the door, Peter tries to swallow past a lump in his throat. What just happened?
“Yes, Dad, I’m sure,” Peter says, taking some of his clothes out of his closet and putting it in his suitcase. “Besides, I’ll still be here every two week-ends. And I’m not alone.”
“Okay, fine, yes,” he admits, obviously against his will.
Peter pulls him up, taking the cup and putting it back on the table. Then he grabs Tony’s jacket from his chair, and pulls him along on his way out of the workshop.
But that’s so long ago, and Tony is not a healthy being. Doing things so regularly like this feels weird – not bad, but weird.
With Steve tucked safely behind him, and his strong arms wrapped around his chest, protectively, Tony has never felt safer.
It's the beginning of the end of the story. Like I said, there's going to be insinuations to Infinity War, but nothing specific about it. That's left for the third part of the series (And one timestamp I've already written out, because I'm evil).
It takes a few moments for Bruce to calm himself down enough. By the time he’s got his back against the wall and his head thrown back, he looks simply exhausted. His breathing is still deep though fast, but when his eyes meet Tony’s there’s no trace of green in them left.
The Tony from this time was still hopelessly in love with this woman at this point. He’d been trying to sleep it off with other women, but that never helped him. Instead, Tony got drunker, up to a point where alcohol didn’t seem to be doing the trick anymore.
No wonder he turned to Jarvis and Aunty Peggy after a while.
something.
Through the speakers, Peter can hear a car engine roaring up.
But eventually he’s picked up, and brought back to the hotel room. Where he takes a long shower and decides to nap.
three voices say at the same time.
After this, things went very quickly. Yaël had the feeling she was living in a haze. Well, everyone was. Nobody even questioned why she stopped training for a week as she quickly noticed that training with a burned shoulder wasn’t a good match. Her wound split open again with every move she made with her arm. Luckily, she wasn’t too stubborn to contact Dr. Cho again, who fixed the wound very quickly. This time with the use of the synthetic skin, since Clint made it very obvious he had been joking before about the skin being itchy.
“I understand. But this is important.”
Once Peter manages to get a good look at the inside, his mouth still manages to fall open. There’s such an open space here, seemingly endless place to move around. Mr. Stark already makes his way to what must be the living room, but it’s difficult to put the spaces in different ‘terms’ since there’s no wall separating the living room with the kitchen or the dining room.
“Wanda? What about Wanda?” Steve asks in confusion, and Tony thought Steve knew. But of course they haven’t been in contact, and all Tony has done is getting phone calls and answering them. Of course Steve doesn’t know about what instructions Tony got when it came to Wanda.
“Oh, she’s one of the new Avengers, telepathic and telekinetic and all, helped me getting Mr. Stark’s blood for the DNA-test a while back,” Peter shrugs. “I guess she’s a friend.”
Tony nods before looking around for a bit. When he looks up, he notices something small in the corner of the wagon. A wide grin appears on his face, and Tony points towards the camera hanging there.
Also, I'm aware that Mary Parker wasn't a scientist. We're heavily playing with some facts here to get a story together, so not everything is like the original story! :)
“Tony.”
Tony reaches out for him, taking his arm into his hands and looking at the fabric.
She was overthinking this stuff again, instead of going with the flow. She and Loki didn’t speak a word anymore as they both went towards the exit of the spaceship, like his mind was busy too. He quickly checked the passengers, and signed at Miek and Korg, who immediately, fight-ready, jumped off the ship, into the cloud of mist, and ran into the fight.
They sit down on the couch, add live-commentary on Harry’s and Ned’s gaming skills. A few times, Peter joins in on the conversation happening next to him. He’s about to get a new drink when FRIDAY speaks up.
This is absolutely not how Tony wanted his day to be.
Steve is holding on to Tony’s hand. It feels like it’s the only thing grounding the man from whatever seems to trouble his mind. For a moment, he wishes he could go back to only an hour ago, when they were still in their room, cuddled up against each other with Tony drawing patterns on his bare chest.
“Something the matter, dad?” Peter asks without turning. Tony sighs a bit.
Hiya!
“Wh-why would you-?” Yaël huffed while sprinting up the stairs.
“I have some news, but I’m not sure you’re going to like it,” Sharon says instead of responding to Tony. The engineer rolls his eyes, while Steve puts his sketchbook aside, rests a hand over the couch while turning a bit in Sharon’s direction.
“You know what’s funny? When you see me like this, you look at me like I’m the wise old man, the professor, the one you should respect, the one who’s ‘more important’ than you are. Yet, you are older than I am. Even when you saw me back there, with my younger features, you still seemed to forget that we’re at least equals.”
He’s on top of the opening in the roof. It’s a bit of a distance, but he can see enough inside of the building. He can vaguely remember that he’s currently in Bleecker Street. The building he’s currently standing on is one he’s been avoiding for a while, always getting strange vibes from it. At least now he knows why.
She forgot about Wade’s behavior in the restaurant and nodded with a big smile. Then she remembered she had to work in Mr. and Ms. Thompson’s garden and started shaking her head. She still had some time before she should go to bed, it was only 8 pm, but she needed to eat and shower and hunting a squirrel girl together with Wade could probably cause some physical damage.
“I suppose I only have one thing worth mentioning,” he says before he can think better of it. But the moment the words are out of his mouth, Mr. Stark’s interests are peaked. It’s too late. Quickly, Peter clears his throat and looks back down at his wrist. Without trying to be too obvious about it, he takes off the web-shooters while reaching for his bag.
“Eh, yeah, kind of.” That was vague, and unfair. She had the right to know what she had done, but Steve was persistent and kept his mouth shut. His lips even turned a bit white from pressing them together after Yaël tried to get the story out of him by keeping asking questions while poking him.
Steve then eventually smiles, and nods his head.
Not that he needed to know that, right? Would he make a problem of that? Oh, what was she thinking, or she’d never see him again, or they would meet again and then she’d annoy him after a while or something like that. Wait, no, she just needed to stay away from him, maybe that was the best plan.
Peter takes the paper and looks at it. Everything in Tony’s blood seems normal, indeed. It’s surprising how things can just change like that.
Well, at least
“Jeesh, you’re in a bad mood,” Natasha says, opening up the door to let him in. The moment Tony’s through, she locks it again, the tension in her shoulders disappearing again immediately.
But… if Tony keeps the phone here, packed in this box… that would mean that he’s not using it, right? He wouldn’t even notice if Peter keeps the phone, then?
, Peter tells himself. But he has no phone on him. He needs to borrow one. Hopefully, somebody’ll want to help him out? Carefully, still with a lot of kinks in his body, Peter walks through the streets. It’s mostly empty, and the few people that he tries to address all shake their heads at him before he can even ask for their phone. Nobody wants to help him, much to his surprise.
He can’t make two steps before there’s a chilling sensation going over him. Something is being thrown at him! Peter pulls his head back, and surely something comes flying right in front of him, missing him only by a few millimeters.
FRIDAY says. After all, she doesn’t
Cap is everywhere. He takes the most shifts, but also the longest ones. He stands next to Tony whenever he’s working on small things, ready to hand him whatever materials he needs next. When he can’t help, he sits down on the couch and starts drawing stuff – stuff he never lets Tony see, which makes the inventor even more curious.
“Relax, Dad, nobody’s listening.” Peter gestures towards the entire room that has started talking to each other. The teenagers head towards the door to help out with the tables and chairs, and Peter decides he should join them. “I’ll be back soon.”
“No no no, Mr. Stark!” Peter mutters out, but the Goblin smirks.
Peter takes the flip-phone out of the package, looking it over. He’s never worked with this kind of thing before, but he remembers Aunt May having one once. Trying out a few buttons, he manages to turn on the screen eventually.
“When do you want me to start?” she grumbled.
That's all you need to know! :-)
“I must say, I only expected you would come to me to say that there was something wrong with the arc reactor. I’m surprised you actually managed to fix it,” Mr. Stark says, sounding impressed. Peter feels his face flush red, but he tries not to let it show too much.
,” Yaël thought back to Charles. She had just arrived at the front door of the apartment building. She was only a few staircases away from kicking out her shoes and bingewatching hershows.
“Thank you, May,” he says. Then he walks to the door, not at all pleased that he’s going to leave his son behind but at least comforted by the idea that somebody capable is looking after him. Once he gets to the living room, he’s shocked by the explosion of people currently sitting there.
“I’m not here right now, I’m in Wakanda, remember? With the King and the others?”
“But MJ, I really can explain! Something’s been happening to me, and I hadn’t realized it before!” Peter holds up his hands in defeat, but also to beg her not to walk away. MJ rolls her eyes.
just happened! What was he thinking? Why didn’t he just push her aside, tell her that he’s not interested?
Chapter warnings
“Are you going to do the father-daughter dance with me?”
“Hi, uhm, I have a new problem.”
“But why aren’t you here? If it’s because of me, please, I’m sorry!”
Even now, Peter doesn’t desire much else other than friendship when he thinks of her. And yet now, he’s not sure
“Oh crap, did we- you know?” Yaël asks. Peter doesn’t answer. He presses his hands against his eyes, and lies back down on the pillow, afraid to face the day. He doesn’t even know how late it is; he probably should have been at the tower hours ago!
“No- huh, you’re not going to distract me from this!”
“No,” she answered shortly.
Once he’s landed in front of the old house of the Parkers, he removes the suit once again. The watch, which is now safely wrapped around his wrist, seems to be inviting. He clears his throat, wondering if he should prepare some sort of ‘speech’ to convince Mary to help him?
“It’s alright, Tony. You’re hesitant because it’s so soon after Pepper, but she saw this coming. She won’t be angry at you for this.”
“What? Oh…You once did this to me, actually.” He said with a smirk. “Come on, I want to show you something.”
should lecture me about healthy marriages. After all, isn’t yours pretty much breaking apart right now?”
“You clearly didn’t help her enough, didn’t you?” Fury countered evenly.“And only the big guy upstairs knows what she will remember of that training of yours. But whatever, she doesn’t remember a thing, so here goes her second chance.”
“No worries, there’s an ambulance waiting on the street. I’ve been searching for you for hours. I’m so sorry I blew up your apartment, I didn’t notice the bomb was so strong.” And for once in his life, Wade really looked like he was sorry.
“But you’ve also injected yourself with an unknown sustenance, straight into your spine, and put yourself into a coma. The only reason you are awake is because your AI spent the entire rest of the day working her metaphorical ass off to wake you up.”
So training with Clint would be her first real confrontation with someone she used to know, but doesn’t anymore. Of course she had already seen him and the other hang around in the building, but they were always busy, and she didn’t want to disturb them.
“Queen of New York?”
That afternoon, Otto Octavius wakes up from his coma at last.
In the blink of an eye, a beam of light shone down from the sky. Thor made clear that Loki had done that too early as the beam suddenly sucked up the two boys. Hela simply disappeared, so Yaël finally stood up and stared at the beam that seemed to get closer to her.
“Oh, Steve, I’m so sorry…”
He’s swinging around New York after another school day, expecting nothing more than the usual robbery or mugging, when suddenly, something large and green comes crashing down in a building not too far from where he currently is standing.
even together! They can wait at least a few months before going at each other’s throats!
Yaël purposely hadn’t used any fire in the park, because she already had a cold from acting like a boiler for her home. She should thank the professor, but she didn’t know how. Maybe he’d just know how grateful she was, or maybe he’d be disappointed in her, just like Steve, for not thanking him. Right when Yaël felt a bit relaxed, she started panicking again. Yaël took a sponge and started cleaning the table as she heard a knock on the door. At that point, she really wished that the old, moldy building she lived in had some sort of intercom so she’d know when someone came to visit her and who it was.
“They live with sticks in their asses, the conceited, self-absorbed, narcissistic-“
“That’s exactly what you told me when I really arrived here, a long, long time ago.”
“Yet this guy is now in the hospital with a broken face,” Clint adds in.
Here we go again. I'm early again, mostly just impatient and willing to give it all to you at once! Damn it, the urge is strong. I hope I'm not flooding you all with chapter updates. Thanks for all the kind comments, as always. I'm grateful for each and every one of them <3
He falls into a deep slumber after hearing Tony wishing him a good night.
say it.
Hiding his backpack in the tree, Peter drops down on the ground and casually walks over to the front door. There are a few people looking at him in confusion, and another guy clearly freaking out because of his presence. Peter ignores them, instead knocking on the door and waiting for an answer.
“It’s doing fine, sir,” Tony assures him. “Keeping me alive and strong.”
Bruce, who is trying to take a sip from his tea, nods.
“Since when do you guys go on patrol?” Peter asks curiously, sitting up in the bed and using his feet to pick the suit up from the ground. Once it’s in his hand, he puts the phone between his ear and shoulder and starts putting it on.
“What?”
“Hi, I wish I could wave, but I’m kind of stuck,” Yaël said, still breathing a bit too heavy.
“Wynedell, yeah. What more do you want of me? Huh?”
Yaël was still giving Wade a death-glare as Peter asked: “I just want to know how you figured it out?” He looked confused and a bit stressed out. Was the Spider-Man-thing supposed to be a secret? Yaël understood, she didn’t want the whole world to know what she was capable of either. And Wade just gave away this boy’s biggest secret.
“Sorry, I walked in on Strange. We still needed to have a talk about me destroying his house,” he pardons himself. Tony just nods and squeezes Bruce’s shoulder. He gives the scientist a sympathetic look when Natasha walks to the door.
“Yeah, it’s called school,” Peter mutters out. “Jesus, how much did you even drink last night?”
“Ned, I- I- I don’t have time to- to do these kinds of things.”
“Wilson,” he greets back. “You got the copy with you?”
How could he? How could he use those codes just like that? It could be dangerous for them to fall in the wrong hands! And Peter just uses it so carelessly, not caring who might hear it. Steve already did. Who knows Ned hasn’t been listening in? Not that Tony doesn’t trust the kid, but come on!
“I figure the wonder-team can fix it up?” he jokes. The woman doing his hair gives him a small wink, while Pepper just glares at him.
Steve rolls his eyes, sitting up with no care in the world.
“I know, Tony, but it’s not safe here, we can’t stay.”
“Yeah, I’m Peter Parker? I got a phone call a few hours ago about my mother’s belongings?” Peter tries, resting his hands on the wooden desk and trying his best not to look too uncomfortable. The woman nods and smiles even more so.
How was she doing? She was nervous and stressed out from cleaning her apartment again and again, from trying to look decent and restart doing her make-up three times and from doing the laundry all morning. She felt her hands shake so she put her behind her back and answered with a smile.
Stupid tears in her stupid eyes. Firstly, she had left Steve in the dark and now Wanda had disappeared.
“What do you mean?”
This must be the ‘badassium’, Peter figures. He watches as Steve puts it down on Mr. Stark’s bed, who opens the box and takes the pincer into his hand. Then he nods towards Peter.
“Don’t worry sweetheart, Bruce and I have everything under control,” he assures him.
All he gets is an amused glance from Tony, who crosses his arms and shakes his head despite the smirk on his face. Probably his way of saying ‘told you so’.
“Seriously?” Tony can see him mouth. Tony just snorts, walking forward for a bit until he’s reached him. Then he offers him his shield back.
“No can do,” Tony counters. “Tritium is pretty serious business.”
“You must have imagined it with all the smoke. Come, let’s get you home.”
“What? Why not?” Peter interrupts. “If it’s because of what happened today, I swear it won’t happen again! I just… I got so angry but I understand now that I need to listen to you-“
There’s a light shock when Iron Man wraps his arms around Peter, pulling him back up. A small gasp escapes his mouth, and the breath that has escaped from his lungs suddenly comes back up. Out of reflex, Peter’s hands grab on to the metal arms holding him. He closes his eyes, hearing Mr. Stark say something but unable to hear it.
“I don’t know!” he grumbled, obviously frustrated “I’ve been breaking my head about this, but I just can’t get to a simple plan.” Yaël saw Peter frown in annoyance as he kicked against a stone, which flew into the pond.
“The newspaper? You know I never forget about that,” Miles interrupts him as he fishes out the paper from his bag and throws it Peter’s way. Peter tries to grab it, but misses and nearly drops the hot plate in the process. Miles just snorts.
This is the second person now that has suggested him to go for that internship, and immediately he wonders what it would be like; he’s never been inside of Stark Industries, never had reason to. The building is not too far from Oscorp, yet Peter has avoided it like the plague whenever swinging just because of the elaborate security system.
“Fine, whatever. I’ll introduce Peter another time, then,” he mutters, taking the tablet again and diving back into work. Steve keeps on standing there, looking a bit lost for words right now. Peter can relate to that, not really knowing what else to say here.
“The board meeting,” Hilde pulled her out of her thoughts.
Peter would have laughed at the irony of going to an exhibition about Captain America while having met the person a few times had his aunt not been here. But the fact stays the same, and as she’s walking right next to him, holding a pamphlet in her hands about the ‘Howling Commando’s’ and pointing towards what must be an old prototype of Steve’s shield, Peter keeps in his laughter.
His hands start to tremble after only an hour of sitting behind his workbench. He stutters whenever he’s trying to ask Dum-E for something. He’s sweating underneath his clothes – he already took off the suit within the first half-hour of being here, feeling too hut underneath it.
“Yes, he used to be my friend before, well, the Green Goblin. He was a normal guys, he just had some trouble and… Well, he became the Goblin,” something in Peter’s voice changed, it trembled as he whispered the words: “He killed Gwen.” Yaël turned her head and looked at her friend.
“Hey!” she grumbled as she tried to cling into his shirt, but that didn’t help so she still fell down. After Steve helped her up again, the teens were long gone.
It takes exactly one second for Peter to realize that this place is close to nowhere he wants to be right now. The first person he comes across is none other than one of the men he helped lock up on the ferry. The one that was going to buy one of Mr. Toomes’ guns. He’s being escorted somewhere with two cops behind him.
“You are
“But I’m serious, Mrs. Cooper! I’m an intern at Stark Industries, and I showed the homework to one of the people there to check if I got everything right, but then Dum-E moved it!” Peter still tries, but the longer he speaks, the more he realizes he’s sounding like he’s making it up on the spot.
“OUR SECOND GUEST IS AROUND NINETY YEARS OLD, HE WEARS RED WHITE AND BLUE AND A BIG STAR IN THE MIDDLE, WELCOME CAPTAIN AMERICA!”
“I want to see him,” he returns. There’s only a moment of silence from FRIDAY. “Tony can’t know about this.”
“Steve, you better hang up real quick if you want to go to New York,” Natasha warns him. Steve nods. She’s right. He’s about to tell Peter that he needs to go when Peter suddenly starts again.
At that, Steve turns to look at him. Peter then, too, looks down at his own hands, realizing that he’s indeed trembling. Oh, crap… Quickly, he pulls his hands back and hides them in the pockets of his hoody. Steve then sighs, again.
“It wasn’t a loan,” Tony states, again. May ignores it. She refuses to accept the large sum of money he’s offered her and keeps on claiming that she will pay him back one day. Peter already knows Tony won’t accept that money back, in return.
“Beg your pardon?!” he said, looking insulted. Out of the blue, with just a simple hand gesture, Hela was holding some sort of sword.
“You know, I liked Gwen,” Harry suddenly says. “Or, you know, the
Tony blinks twice before nodding, a tear rolling down his cheek. Steve wipes it away with his thumb, gently kissing Tony underneath both eyes before pulling him in a tight embrace.
“It wasn’t just to save Peter, it was to save the universe,” Tony counters angrily. Strange crosses his arms.
“It’s been a long day,” Steve says, and lord, how does hearing his voice melt Tony from the inside. It hasn’t been that long, but Tony still feels like he hasn’t heard it in over ten years or so. He’s so close to just pulling Steve into a strong hug, but he’s too aware of Barnes pointing his gun at his face.
Stark
“If I see a situation pointed south… I can’t ignore it,” Steve then says. He’s still sitting on his chair, unmoved. “Sometimes I wish I could.”
“Shhhhhh-it!” Steve slurs out, rolling down on his back and staying like that for a moment. In those short seconds, Tony almost thinks of him as a turtle that has rolled and can’t get back. “Bucky you ch-cheated!”
“You have no idea! I’m
“Wouldn’t you like to know?” she returns playfully, suddenly taking a turn to the left. Whatever she’s using to swing across the buildings, it’s amazing. As she throws it, it seems to attach itself onto the wall, and it lets go on itself. Peter really wants to look into that technology if he could.
. And Steve obviously has no objection against it, since they both seem to like to use sex as a form of blackmail to each other. More often than not. Sometimes, Peter wonders who is really the adult of them all?
“Will do,” Peter assures her. After that, they hang up. Now it’s a matter of trying to stay calm when he returns to the others. If he looks to shaken, they’ll ask him questions. Ned will look at him with those worried eyes, Michelle will press on, Flash will be a dick as always (at least he hasn’t been seen beating other kids around lately, so that counts for something, right?).
“Uh,” Peter lets out, not really knowing where to start. He just puts Ned’s arm over his shoulder and starts taking him the right way.
“That’s because he’s already made up his mind,” he says, voice low and dry. Something pulls inside of Tony’s chest, but he decides to ignore it for now.
“I’m so sorry, Peter. I just get so confused all the time,” he admits. “People shouldn’t be taking care of their fathers like this.”
“Stark-“ Ross starts.
,” Steve states then instead of asking. Peter closes his eyes, turns his head to the side to look at Tony, who is still sleeping. He takes his hand and squeezes his fingers.
Standing in front of a poster that talks about
Peter wonders if he actually heard it right; is Steve planning to propose? That would be rather quick, wouldn’t it? They’ve not even been together for a whole year, after all!
The black, wet looking hair, the chalk-colour skin, the dark circles under her eyes... Yaël had a flashback to the Throne Room of Helvegen, to one of the paintings hanging above the throne. Yaël forgot to hide for a second.
“The power of the sun in the palm of my hand,” Tony hears him mutter. He frowns for a second, wondering why the guy is talking to himself. But he can recall that Otto’s always been a bit… labile. People often mistook Tony as a mad scientist, while he’s only just very eccentric. Otto, on the other hand, is coming closer to the description. With all the troubles he’s had with his mother in the past, as far as Tony can recall, he’s never really been stable mentally.
Johnny moves so fast at one point, Peter has to close his eyes from the light. He can’t see Venom being destroyed, can’t see if it works. But when he opens his eyes again, once he feels the heat disappear from his face, there’s no trace of Venom left anymore.
“Yeah, that’s fine,” Peter mumbles. He starts walking inside the penthouse, immediately heading for the door that leads to the elevator. He shouldn’t linger for too long. He’d rather have his father not knowing about this, after all. Of course, there’s no way FRIDAY is going to keep this from him, but the longer he’s out of the fire, the better.
“Okay so I come up to Steve and I tell him something as a joke, right?”
“Actually, I’m not-“ he starts, but he decides not to reveal it. It’s probably too much information, he already knows his face now after all. Peter Stark it is for now. “You don’t understand, sir. This man is like one of my Dad’s best friends, and he’s been missing for more than a year. It would mean the world to him if he would return back safely.”
“And he’s alive!” Peter had called out when they walked in. Johnny had just flipped him off before getting an apron of his own; a black one with little flames on it. Peter’s pretty sure MJ held that one apart just for him.
Steve relaxes then for a bit. “Oh, I’m sorry, where are my manners? Steve Rogers.” Steve holds out his hand, and Peter takes it.
“Right, worrying too much, I get it,” Tony mumbles back, finally turning his gaze towards Thor and Heimdall. Steve hadn’t even noticed that Loki joined them. He tries to look around, finding Yaël with Peter a bit further away. Raido is seated on Wanda’s lap, looking up at Vision with big eyes.
or anything, but more… tall. Like they’re all older than he is. And that’s probably true, since he’s only eighteen. So far, he hasn’t found anybody that looks like they’re close to his age.
It’s crazy. They hop from attraction to attraction, being stopped a few times by some fans that want a picture with the Iron Man. Tony buys them a very expensive lunch and even dinner later in the day. They get pictures with every Disney-character they want, and Aunt May even gets a fake proposal from Prince Charming.
“What makes you say that?” Tony asks. Rhodey rolls his eyes.
“Woah, I never mentioned anything about dating!” Peter suddenly calls out, and while he only has been whispering the whole time, now that he raises his voice some heads turn towards him. Probably people wondering who he’s talking to.
Tony stays quiet, raising an eyebrow towards him. Peter tries not to flinch when he once again looks at the bruise on his eye.
pretty hot.”
“Ha-ha, very funny,” Peter mutters.
And when he did, stupid as he was, he used it to teach Flash a lesson – causing for him to break the basketball ring, and earning himself community service. Uncle Ben was pissed – but not pissed enough to stop embarrassing Peter when Gwen came along to ask if he was expelled.
“Heya, kids, you two alright?” Peter asks. He doesn’t bother to wait until the Cat is back down as well. He starts running back to the window he came from, putting the kids down the moment he gets there.
“So you know what I’m talking about?” Loki sounded surprised, though Memory-Yaël, well real Yaël too, totally didn’t understand anything of it.
FRIDAY tells him. Tony groans, dropping his head on the table after he finds that, while his phone is still on with more than half battery, there aren’t any messages at all. Everything just sucks. “
“Yeah, uhm, welcome in, man,” he says. Happy cheers come up, which startles Barnes a bit. Peter can’t help but cheer out as well, especially when he sees Natasha’s proud face. She takes Barnes’ hand into her own and pulls him along. Tony takes a deep breath before closing the door again.
Chapter warnings:
Holy crap.
“Yeah, apparently so. Though nobody wants to tell me where I’m from or how I got to be here. It’s so frustrating, I can’t remember anything, and everybody who knows just simply refuses to say anything!” Okay, maybe she just rambled a tiny bit, but luckily Peter just let it go instead of throwing her a stop-raging-glance.
“Look, you probably haven’t noticed it yet since you’ve never walked inside that room, but the walls surrounding the women’s bathroom are made of glass. The Grandmaster designed it so the showers are actually a peepshow. Everyone who passes through the hallways can see the women shower!”
She put her hair in a knot and pulled some sort of green, paper-ish cap over it, and put on some glasses, all of which she had also stolen. Being disguised, FRIDAY wouldn’t be alarmed that quickly. That, and she was probably focusing on Tony right now. Not that the AI wasn’t able to keep an eye on everything at once, right?
“Sir, it would be best if you leave the room,” the male nurse says. Tony nods hesitantly before heading out. He casts another short look behind him before he closes the door, letting the medical staff do what they do best. He isn’t too surprised when he sees Strange storm through the hallway. Without speaking a word to Tony, he enters the room, closing it behind him.
“What’s wrong with them?” Peter asks, clearly still disgusted about the question. Natasha wants to speak up, but she’s interrupted by Tony who walks her by to hold Peter by the shoulders.
- not much else
There’s been so many blood tests, even arterial blood has been taken. Spit, urine, whatever else they could find. Peter had been unconscious the entire time, which seemed to be the biggest thing worrying Helen other than the major fever he seems to be having.
“Yeah yeah, I’m on it, May!” he returns. He hurries towards the kitchenette, messing up Peter’s hair on the way – like always – and opens up the fridge where he takes out the non-alcoholic drinks he’d ordered. Peter had suggested to get something, but Tony had just chuckled and shaken his head.
,” Steve said shortly right before he hung up, leaving Yaël with tears of guilt in her eyes. She had just forsaken the man that always took care of her, helped her out, by declining to help him.
The other good thing about it is that Harry and MJ don’t always
Everybody looks shocked.
She’s not wearing any clothes.
“Something I need,” the girl returns. She crosses her arms together and gives him an unimpressed look.
realize Tony notices, and he’ll turn bright red from shame, drawing down furiously in his sketchbook and avoiding his look for the rest of the hour.
“So, you’re an alien? I told you Fury and X kept something from you.” Wade said while Yaël made a cup of coffee for him. Wade visited her for no specific reason. He knew she only had to work in the afternoon today, so he simply jumped in during the morning.
“You watch your language, young man,” Steve says sternly while Tony rolls his eyes. He comes to sit up for a bit, reaching forward until he grabs the collar of Peter’s shirt. Pulling it downwards, he reveals a bit of Peter’s suit.
And that’s when he sees him.
Tony shakes his head without looking up.
“I landed in New York about an hour ago or so. Traffic is still murder, despite the best chauffeurs coming to pick you up,” Harry explains.  “So, what’s going on? MJ said you’ve broken up? And apparently something about a guy planning to kick your ass for embarrassing him at a party while also having stolen his girlfriend?”
“Hey Aunti Peg!” Tony calls out once he walks through the door. He waits for Peter to get inside before closing it again, drops his vest on the coat-hanger, and then walks towards the chair Peggy is sitting in. She’s seated at the window, staring outside with an empty look in her eyes.
Sam nods at that, giving Bucky a quick look. Steve’s best friend then sighs but nods as well.
Yaël took the dossier and looked at it. It said her birthday was on the first of May and that she would become 25 this year. Her astrological sign was Taurus, apparently.
“No,” he said as he grabbed her shoulder and pushed her softly away. “Don’t let this hold you back. Do whatever you feel like you need to do, she’s already gone. Besides, your cab has arrived,” he said calmly.
“Why is the clock bothering you?”
She didn’t know that book, but it surely looked old. The papers were yellowed, and the cover looked like it had gone through a war.
We do our best at capturing the characters as accurately as possible, but it's not easy when you're character is two characters at once. No character is flawless, less of all Peter Parker or Tony Stark, who this story is about after all. We write, and hope you like it. If not, that's okay, thanks for trying anyway. But to those who DO like the story, we thank you so, so, so much for inspiring us to write more and more every day. Each comment, each Kudo, subscription or bookmark means so much, so thank you, thank you, thank you <3 <3
“You really have trouble staying serious, don’t you?” he asks. Tony then shrugs as well. He wants to pull his hand away, to keep Steve from thinking too positively about them here. But not right now; the man just saved his life in a complete selfless act.
Peter snorts. “Sucks.” He takes place at the counter next to Steve, giving him a gentle tap on the shoulder. “Chin up, Steve. It’ll be over in no time.”
Hilde smiled when Thor finally arrived.
“Actually, uh, your chauffeur came to get me? I was about to drive, myself, but then he was suddenly in front of my house,” she says with a shrug. Peter frowns for a moment wondering who his chauffeur could possibly be.
“Oh, yeah, I would have rocked your entire evening. Just imagine, fancy dinner, band playing something slow, ring suddenly in your glass-“
“I heard his mother passed away a while back, and that it messed him up a lot,” Bruce says after a while, surprising Tony. To be honest, he hasn’t really been keeping taps on the lives of his old friends from college other than Rhodey. Besides, it’s not like Otto has ever really been considered Tony’s
“She’s also cheerleader captain. You really think she’ll say yes?” Peter gets out. Harry shrugs.
Great, he’d been drunk. He thought he wouldn’t be going that way again? He remembers all too well how it felt after that one time. Angry at himself, Peter gets on his feet, just wishing that this pounding in his head can just pass quickly.
By the time the taxi stops in front of the apartment, Peter hands the driver the money before crawling out of the car. Normally he takes the stairs to get up, but this time he decides to go for the elevator and spare himself the trouble.
“I’ll go first,” Yaël proposed “Just follow right behind me.” Korg nodded, not stressing out at all.
No one had an answer to that. Yaël understood, it was kind of weird that she knew so little about the world. They were walking up to a pond in the middle of the park.
“I-“ he starts, taking another deep breath. “I don’t feel so good.”
Tony pulls back from the hug, looking at the other Avengers. Or a part of them. Wanda and Vision are downstairs, with Bruce in his lab. They’re trying to work with what they’ve got, having taken a small, too small, piece of the suit and using Wanda’s powers to keep it from evaporating. Vision is there to assist him. Given the lack of Shuri in the room, Tony figures she’s downstairs as well.
“Well,” Loki sighed “You shouldn’t be locked up like some kind of brainless pawn.”
“Peter can take care of himself, Tony,” Steve assures him, pulling him by the arm until he’s on his back, lying next to Steve. “Now, please, go to sleep. We’ll take care of everything tomorrow.”
people who need it. Because this is not a favor I’m doing for you,” he tells him in a low voice. Strange then walks off, returning to the room to continue his conversation with Peter and May.
It’s always the same thing it ends up to. While at first it was about Tony overreacting to what happened at Otto’s, the conversation almost immediately went back to the same shit they’ve been arguing about for months now. Becauese despite how often Tony has to assure Steve that he can live with the decisions they’ve made for their future, the Super-Soldier still can’t seem to believe him.
“I’m not a kid,” Peter says lowly, and that’s when Tony snaps, at last. For the first time ever since he met Peter, he actually snaps at him.
“I don’t have enough money, as Fury keeps reducing the money I get and gardening and playing cello doesn’t bring up much. Not to sound greedy, of course, I’m grateful for what I get, but…”
With a small grin, he exits the room. And after that, the hospital.
They’ve installed a clock in the room.
“Yeah, it’s still my legacy. But I want to graduate first, you know? See the world a little bit, get some experience. Maybe it’s something for when I hit thirty.”
Peter’s not really sure if this is really what MJ had in mind when she suggested hanging out.
want to get to know him. I want to know who he is before I come sending him his ‘it’s a boy!’ card, you see?” Man, that was a lot of ‘know’ in one sentence!
“Where’s Tony?” Peter asks with a cracking voice. He rubs his eyes, letting out a yawn. Then he turns back towards his Aunt, who is still seated on the bed looking relieved.
If there's going to be a sequel of the story, it's going to build on further on what happened here.
“No, no, I haven’t seen or spoken to Tristan after that one confrontation,” she assures him with a wink. “I guess… I never wanted to admit it, but I might have had feelings for Harry’s best friend for a while. I was just too proud – or scared, I don’t know – to admit it.”
“Peter, are you alright?” somebody asks all of the sudden. There’s a knocking on the door following Steve’s voice from the other room.
Peter startles, realizing he must have dosed off when he actually jumps up in the air for a bit. Blinking a few times in confusion, Peter turns towards the source of the noise, noticing another guy walking up to them.
"Actually, dad, Polaroid pictures are back in. It's retro and stuff," Peter returns, remembering seeing MJ walking around with one as she started taking picutres of random miserable-looking students.
“What?! No!” Tony taps his head then. “I’m human, as much as you are. It’s just a suit that’s stored inside my bones and comes out when I tell it to.”
“First room on your left,” he says before looking back down on his inventions. Peter just clears his throat and thanks him before making his way out, his bag still hanging over his shoulder. As he exits the workshop, his eyes suddenly land on Captain America – no, wait, Steve – slowly coming his way to them. Peter decides to just ignore him for now and to get into the bathroom.
“You could never hurt me,” Tony says, not believing how sappy he’s feeling right now. “Though somebody’s getting a bit too interested right now, and we did just state that we wouldn’t be having sex yet.”
“What was stolen, exactly?” Tony asks.
“Good, because now I have another surprise for you. Or two, actually,” Tony says, pointing towards a door on their left. Peter nods, frowning. “Because behind this door, there’s somebody waiting for you. But, we’re not going to take this door yet. This one is for later.””
“Yeah, I’m fine. Thanks for helping.”
the Peter on screen rants drunkenly.
He knows he shouldn’t stay for the debriefing. The monster is down, the guy inside of it – Peter doesn’t stay to find out who it is – is taken away for questioning, and Peter swings out of the area, avoiding every member of the Avengers.
“Sorry, shouldn’t have said that… But c’mon Steve, I can’t let Peter go there alone! Can’t you see how nervous he is?” Steve glanced at Peter for a second. Yaël could swear she actually saw Peter shake a bit.
“My son stays out of this,” Tony suddenly returns, feeling his hands ball into fists almost immediately.
“As far as I know, if the doctors give you something, it’s usually to help,” the man says, wisely. Tony just chuckles at that.
“Tony, hey honey, I’m here, okay?” he starts. “Just listen to my voice for a bit.”
It irks Peter that the guy is talking about his friend like that, but he figures it’s best not to let it get to him. As if Flash could even have a chance with Wanda. There’s still that thing going on between her and Vision that nobody dares to mention but everybody knows is there.
“Who?” he returns. Peter shrugs.
“Just drink it already, nurses enough around to fix you up again if the drink would cause some sort of trouble.” Yaël smiled before taking a sip.
Chapter warnings:
“I was there, that day the Goblin took you. I saw everything happen,” Flash says. Peter straightens his hoodie and untangles his earbuds, but still waits for further explanation. “I heard Iron Man call out after you – call out your name.”
“I-“ he starts, smacking his lips together. “I remember Steve calling.” But more than that? No, that’s mostly a blur. He thinks harder. Steve called, they had argued over the line, and after that Tony made a rampage at the workshop – though staying away from Peter’s project – and headed to the hidden stash of drinks that he promised himself to stay away from.
“Jusss’ kiss al’rdy!” he shouts at one point, to which Bucky lets an angry shout.
“ARE YOU CRAZY?!” Peter shouts at her.
“Yeah, Steve’s O positive, meaning that he could donate!” Peter adds happily. “It was crazy, he just arrived here and you just- you passed out and it was-! I mean, we were panicking at first because we got a call in the middle of the night about you being in coma, but suddenly we heard Steve yell from over the line that he was a willing donor and stuff!”
It might actually be true; he could just be exaggerating right now. Is it really that big of a deal? Sure, the whole world seems to revolve about sex, but it can’t be that bad, right?
A few episodes of Grey’s Anatomy and Supernatural later, Yaël stepped into the shower to rinse her hair. When she got back out and dried it with a hairdryer, she grinned widely. Wade somehow managed to make the purple blend into the blue, so her hair was half-purple and half-blue. At some random places, the purple stood out more and on other places, blue, but Yaël thought it looked pretty cool for being an experiment.
“I’m sorry, I’m not swinging that way,” Peter clarifies, continuing on his way.
They don’t say anything. Tony just lets Steve take his hand and squeezes his fingers in affirmation. Steve closes his eyes, shaking his head. Are they having some conversation between the two of them but inside their minds? Peter can’t really follow.
“Alright, I must be going now,” Peter says, but he notices quickly that he’s lost the attention of Mr. Stark, who looks at Steve with what looks like an angry expression.
“I hate that you made me do that, FRIDAY,” Peter admits.
Greets
“The Helicarrier? Is that piece of junk still operative?”
“Peter, don’t say that,” May shushes him. Peter shakes his head, trying to sit up once more and pulling his hands loose from Tony’s and May’s. He gives Bruce a serious look.
And then there’s Cap.
“Crazier,” he adds to Harry’s ever-growing list of qualities he seems to sum up. Harry then shrugs.
His heart breaks a little bit when Steve turns away again without response. As soon as Ross leaves with the warning that, if they don’t agree, they’ll retire, everybody gets up again, and Steve is the first one to leave the room, grabbing the book and taking it along with him.
This look, Steve as a prisoner… Peter doesn’t like it at all. He swallows through a big lump in his throat, and follows his dad through another door. At the same time, Steve walks in as well, closing the door behind him.
“Oh, well, after getting you here, he’s surely welcome!” Flash says, still wrapping one arm around Peter’s shoulder, holding up his bottle of beer in the air and facing everybody else. “LONG LIVE PENIS PARKER!”
That manwhore.
“I’m alright, but I lost the car,” he admits.
“Talked to MJ at all today?” Johnny continues. Peter looks down at the phone, typing down his PIN and waiting for the messages to come in. And there are a few. At first some casual messages from MJ, where she tells him she’s heading to her grandmother in Oakland. The next one is some random memory she shares of when her grandmother took her to Coney Island and they got stuck on the ferris wheel for almost an entire hour. The third message is one where she adds into detail that she got scared from the height and had started puking in the cabinet they were in. It goes on and on, random messages.
“Steve, Wanda, Scott, Clint and me,” Wilson says. Tony looks up, only slightly.
“Yes, sir,” he jokes, saluting him before taking the glasses and heading Rhodey’s way. The soldier is talking to Happy, seated on the couch and discussing a few of Tony’s old adventures while at the same time glancing in the direction of the kitchenette. Peter thinks he might try and listen in in a while.
“Tony Stark! Bruce I’m talking with Tony! You’ve been gone for so long but now you’re finally back and it’s just so awesome! Dad can you see him? Can you? Will you send somebody to pick us up?”
When she was finished and shut off the water, she looked at the pile of fresh bandages and clothes, waiting for her. She was hopping towards her wheelchair when Loki walked back in again.
“Well, they asked to speak to you, but you were, and still are, in the shower.”
“Don’t worry, you’ll get to go sight-seeing after we finish this. If I can make a suggestion; the Royal Gardens are a great place to start; especially around three in the afternoon.”
!” he complains, and Natasha laughs as she stands up.
an amazing hero even outside the suit. But he doesn’t.
“How many fingers am I holding up?” Mr. Stark asks. Peter shakes his head and tries to stand up, only to find his shoulder hurting like hell. It almost reminds him of the time he got shot, and he wonders if something actually got through his skin.
Of course, then he remembers Leipzig, and he knows Steve’s reaction is there for a reason.
The next thing Peter was tasked with were some sort of displays in eye-lenses, which will allow the person wearing it to see multiple images in front of him. This could help with calculations, zooming in on specific objects, or focusing on one certain aspect. Peter once more helped Mr. Stark – though Peter is sure the man doesn’t really need his help – and once Peter tried them on, they, too, were taken away.
Hela noticed water flowing over the bridge, splashing into the water in which the Hulk was still wrestling with the enormous wolf.
The door opens, more people walk inside. Peter bites his lip at the thought that Steve still isn’t there. They’ve all travelled together, though Steve has been transported separately from them ever since they’ve landed in Switzerland.
I've just finished writing the 24th chapter as well, and it's pretty heartbreaking. It might be because I'm still sick, but I actually cried a bit while writing it. Civil War did things to me... :'(
Suddenly someone in the crowd shouted: “JUST KISS ALREADY!” And for some unknown reason, Yaël and Peter crashed into each other’s arms and started kissing sensationally. Well, this was the phenomenon that Yaël knew as ‘the heat of the moment’. Peter squeaked and ripped the phone out of Yaël’s hands.
Peter feels uneasy all of the sudden. His whole body feels itchy, nervous. He realizes it’s the suit resonating its fear on him.
Tony shifts a bit in his bed.
In a hallway made of some special kind of steel, Yaël really wished she’d be able to steer air fluently. She couldn’t use rock here and she had to pull water and fire from people’s bodies. Not that that was hard, it was just a little bit grosser than just using it from other, non-living sources.
The train halts at the next stop and Miles watches a couple of people walk out. On his way to Chinatown, he’s always hoping on coming across anybody familiar. Hell, he’d be super happy if he would ever just bump in on Luke Cage or something (though he mostly hangs out in Harlem), or heck, even seeing Spider-Man swing around town would really make his day. Though, he did come across Jessica Jones once when he was younger, and meeting her had scared the crap out of him. She’s rather intimidating, after all.
One more hour, Peter spends on the arc reactor before starting to pack his stuff. He puts the reactor safely away in his desk, along with the blueprints he managed to snatch from Mr. Stark’s workplace. Then he takes his bag, throws it over his shoulder, and waves Dum-E goodbye.
Peter nods, but holds up his hand.
God, he wants Steve here.
"If I can get you to sleep a full eight hours tonight, I think that would be a miracle," Steve returns. On the couch, suddenly a red arm shoots up in the air, the hand attached to it balled up into a fist.
“You would have known had you spoken to him,” Tony answers before he can think better of it. A small part of him tells him he should keep it down, not anger Steve further. But the other part wants to defend his son, make it clear to this idiot in front of him that Peter should come first for both of them. Especially if Steve wants to keep pretending to be like a second father to him.
He runs out of the auditorium with a high speed. Coincidentally, he passes MJ who waves at him with a small smile.
There are surprised gasps around them. Neither of them reacts to it. Peter barely even notices when his hands go up, resting on Johnny’s middle. He’s barely aware of himself leaning into the kiss, allowing Johnny in, both of them breathing heavily.
When he spots Johnny at last, it’s completely by accident. The fact that the guy’s tongue is stuck down another girl’s throat gives Peter no reason at all to head towards him. He wishes only a little bit that he could go home, but he needs to make sure the hothead gets home this night, unlike last time.
“Yeah, well, it’s driving me crazy. There’s just so much happening around me I can barely concentrate on upgrading Dum-E’s codes!” Tony complains. “It’s insane, Brucie! There’s noise coming from everywhere! If I stand close enough to you, I might even hear your heart beating.”
“Yes, I, uh, I thought about changing from full-time to half-time at the hospital. Maybe look up some small houses in one of the calmer districts, you know?” she offers. Peter knows about her plans to move the apartment. To be honest, the biggest reason they’ve stayed in here all the time is because they couldn’t really afford anything bigger or better. And it was a good home for a while, but Peter can understand she would want to move out eventually.
Oh, she’s a rambler. Much like Peter. This could be fun.
“Listen, dude, I don’t need shit today, okay?” Peter asks. There’s no obvious reason as to why TODAY of all days would be such a pain in the ass. Peter’s just in a mood and Johnny’s complaining isn’t really helping with it.
“Yo, my name is Wade, and I’m here to be your friend. You know, your friendly neighborhood Deadpool. That’s my superhero name, in case you don’t know.”
“When does the military
Peter draws out another shaky breath. Because that’s Steve.
Tony looks up, realizing that his eyes are wet. This little boy, who has already suffered so much in his life. Who is lying in a hospital bed right now, probably dying if they don’t figure this out quickly enough. His little Peter, who might be an adult now, might be going for a doctorate next just so he wouldn’t get bored. His son, who has already died in Tony’s arms once.
“JEZUS FUCKING CHRIST!” Yaël suddenly screamed, way louder than the other men. “ARE YOU ALL IDIOTS?! I TALK TO YOU GUYS AND YOU ALL SUDDENLY THINK WE HAVE A ROMANCE?!” Wade looked at her, picked her up, threw her over his shoulder and carried her outside while she kept screaming. “I HOPE ALL OF YOU WILL END ALONE! BURN IN HELL! ANY OF YOU FUCKING PRICKS MOVE AND I’LL EXCECUTE EVERY MOTHERFUCKING LAST ONE OF YA-”
Steve nods. He can agree to that. Why do the palms of his hands suddenly hurt that much? Steve looks down, realizing that his nails are digging into his skin. His fists are too tight… he loosens them.
“Okay, Yaël, we’re going to sleep now, right?” Steve asked hopeful, but Yaël showed no mercy.
The boy in question is on his way to his last class of the day. It’s a beautiful, sunny day, meaning that he’s taking his time travelling to his destination as he lets the rays of the sun travel down on his skin and heat him up. Johnny had been walking next to him up to five minutes ago but had to take an earlier turn to get to his class.
“You lazy ass,” he says. Steve rolls his eyes.
It's short, probably quick, but it has to end. I'm not sure if there'll be more stories in this verse soon. Caspinn and I are working on a final part that focuses on the events of Infinity War that happened in the Sweet Child of Mine-world, but we've got a lot of puzzling to do since there's so much of the movie we want to add to it. This also means that we've tweaked a bit of the happenings that were explained in 'Something about Peter'. The Timestamp 'A Parent's loss' also isn't relevant to the story anymore.
“Yeah, uh, sounds cool,” Peter says, only then remembering his current date with MJ tomorrow. “Or, shit, no, MJ and I are already hanging out tomorrow. We’re feeding the homeless at the shelter back in Queens.”
“In case you hadn’t noticed, but Peter has already almost been killed
He can’t place the look on Steve’s face. It’s not really hurt, but it’s clearly also not happiness in its true form.
“Oh my God, Tony!”
“SHHH! Don’t make me kick your ass!” the girl warns him, pointing up a finger towards him. Then she lowers herself through the window, using her metal cord to get to the floor without any trouble. Peter jumps through the portal as well, then, landing with a soft thud and immediately looking around to see where the girl went to.
Tony taps against the ear-piece he put on earlier, testing it for a moment.
“Thank you, Dad,” he says. Then he loosens his seat belt and reaches for the door. Tony, too, steps out to take his place behind the wheel. He watches Peter hurry back to the door, but before he gets inside, Peter turns to Tony with an arm raised in the air. “See you tomorrow! Love you!”
“HOLY SHIT, YOU PYROMANIAC!” He yelled at her while slapping around, trying to put out the fire. With a smirk, Yaël make the fire disappear like it had never even been there. Clint looked up, also smirking, but his smile looked a bit more dangerously. “Oh, girl, this means war!”
Tony looks at Peter, suddenly feeling a smirk building up on his lips.
Wait, why is he here again?
“You helped plenty,” Tony assures her. “You saved my son.”
“I’m in an alternate universe…” Peter mutters out, finally understanding what’s going on. This is a universe where Gwen got bit by the Spider – though how she didn’t die because of it, Peter has no idea. In this universe, Peter died at the tower. Because Peter died, Tony never found out about having a son. Tony didn’t keep Stark Tower and sold it much like he had thought about doing back in Peter’s world.
“Yeah, I’m fine!” Peter shouts back.
-	Because I'm a mutant, you know, like mutated. Like, really badly mutated so I have this stupid face now
Okay, so this was Yael’s deathbed. She was sure about it. It was her choice, she pulled this innocent teenager into his own death. Peter jumped forward, trying to steer the car away from the people. Yaël tried to clear her mind and help him in the only way she could. There was an old lady crossing the road, there was no way they could still avoid her with this car driving so fast, without control.
He’s barely aware of Strange leaving, only pulled back into reality when he sees a pale hand appearing in front of him. Instinctively, he reaches out for it, feeling Peter’s cold, sweaty skin under his fingers.
Johnny lets out a happy shout, throwing his hands up in the air before pulling Peter into a strong hug. Right after that, the door flies open and two people storm inside the living room.
But Yaël wasn’t naïve, she knew that if Peter figured out who his real das was, it still didn’t mean the man would take care of him or even want to know him. This man wouldn’t make Peter’s life all rainbows and cupcakes, per se. But when Yaël looked at his young face with eyes that show that the boy has already been through a lot, she could only be optimistic for him.
“You should if it’s the right thing to do,” Peter finishes. He closes his eyes after that, leaning back in bed. The hand in Tony’s loses strength, and for a moment Tony wonders if he actually fell asleep like this.
But he’s here. And Tony can’t just walk away, because he knows Steve will go after him, and give him those eyes, and Tony will break.
“Maybe another time. My head is not really into it right now,” the Captain then pardons himself. Peter holds up his hand and then tilts his head a bit to the side.
“Come in!”
Tony asks. Peter shrugs.
She isn’t carrying flowers in her hands, instead holding some sort of silver crown between her fingers. It looks like a smaller version of the helmet Thor is wearing, more intended as a headband or a tiara of some sorts.
“Great!” Hilde grinned before taking a big gulp of her drink.
Yaël scratched her head, she was a bit surprised. “Why are there suddenly so many of you?”
for the past week? Tony surely seems to find it hilarious, but then again, Tony has the weirdest music-taste, too.
Getting out of the suit is easier now; a quick push on the button loosens the suit. Peter can just walk out of it without having to dance his typical ‘
“No way I’m going to give you something like that when you’re in this condition.”
is no longer here. It’s me now; better. Stronger.
“No,” he answered and he grabbed her hand, still frowning. “You have a fever. I’m not that cold as you think I am, normally I’m just a bit more chilly than other people.”
Peter almost drops the newspaper in surprise and horror at the same time. Why would she think that? Just because heroes work together doesn’t mean that said heroes are in a relationship, right?
“Sorry, I wish I could explain it to you, but even I don’t fully grasp why your queen is our sister, although I have a theory. I can’t stay any longer, Yaël, I’ll be back as soon as possible, but I still have to play my role here until I’m sure what the plans are to escape.” And with that, he disappeared.
“Honey, it’s a 100 acres with a lap pool, a screening room… There’s worse ways to protect people!” Tony counters immediately, not stopping his defensive tone.
But he doesn’t. Instead, he turns around and directs his anger towards Barnes.
“Only me. Nobody else knows,” she assures him. Peter hears Tony let out a long breath. “He cares about you, Tony. More than he dares to admit. But you can’t expect him to just… let go of everything he’s been grown up with and say ‘hey, I can be with a man without any problem’.”
- Me trying to use smart words but not being all that good at it
Peter wants to hear more, but he startles when he hears footsteps coming up behind him. Quickly he pulls away from the door, trying to pretend like he hasn’t been listening in at the two men. The woman doesn’t even look up when Peter walks by.
“That’s a surprise for you, son,” he says back. Peter frowns, focusing back on the two at the door. At last, Natasha gets in, and she’s quickly followed by the figure behind her.
That’s how the weeks went on; Yaël went to work and played some cello and she saw her friends every now and then. Well, Wade still walked in whenever he liked too, and so did Wanda after a while, just to hang out. Wanda was one of these friends you don’t need to constantly talk to to be good friends with. So most of the time, when Wanda came over, she just got sick of the business of the compound, brought a book and just sat down and read a bit.
"Say no
“No!” Steve backed. “But... I mean… Tony doesn’t have to know, right?” Yaël inhaled sharply. What. The. Actual. Fuck. This was so not going to happen.
Right, maybe Peter should ask about the alien thing later. That’s probably for the best.
There was something wrong. Yaël felt it since they started travelling towards the city walls. This dream was taking too long, why wasn’t she waking up? A few times it seemed like the darkness of the night was swallowing them, other times, Yaël’s eyesight started shaking again.
“Uh, I don’t think the teachers will go for either,” Peter admits. Tony snorts before going with
Thor adds the small bits of decoration; the belt, the buttons and whatever else he can’t really name. Steve has to admit that he doesn’t look too bad. Though, looking at his face, he hesitates on whether or not he should have a shave. He puts his hand on his cheek, looking at his reflection curiously.
“Yeah, I’m good,” Peter responds, putting the phone between his ear and shoulder and reaching for the towel to dry his hands. “What’s for dinner?”
So the adults starts heading out as well. Shuri and Peter follow close behind, Shuri’s arm crossed into Peter’s as they walk down the street. When they all suddenly stop in front of a large car, Peter realizes they haven’t come here by foot. He shouldn’t have been surprised.
Every now and then, she heard Thor’s laugh rumble through the room. At least, he’ll be a happy, honest and righteous king. For a while, Yaël listened to the happy chattering around her, but when her leg and hand started hurting again, she started rolling around a bit, trying to chatter with the people who came talking to her, who obviously weren’t the Asgardian women. It didn’t take her too long to roll out of the full room to escape into the silence by just rolling around a bit.
Karen explains almost as if Peter just randomly opened up Wikipedia.
“Eh, it’s not the worst, but it needs some fixing-up before you can go live in it again,” Peter admits. “But it’s okay, Dad’s freeing up a few floors for you guys.”
“Sometimes I tend to forget that you know more about this than you should,” Tony admits. “But isn’t it supposed to be me who needs to be looking out for you?”
Now, normally, Steve would be way more caring for her. But the man had walked into the training-hall of the school, looking exhausted and grumpy. Actually, that was no problem for Yaël as she had been angry already, too. The both of them, instead of having a friendly training, started knocking each other over again and again. Well, mostly it was Steve knocking over Yaël, but whatever. Her fighting skills without using her powers had never been very good.
“Johnny!” Harry shouts, running towards him and reaching out for him before Tony lands right in front of him.
Then, FRIDAY flies off at last, leaving Peter on the playground with a wet suit and no possible way to get home other than walking. Peter sighs, and then starts on his journey back.
“That’s-“ she starts, finding herself unable to finish that sentence. “When did you find out about him?”
“You haven’t changed a bit.”
made this alone.
“What mission?!”
“I know, I got to tell my Dad! You need to call Happy Hogan, he’s my Dad’s head of security. And then you need to track my phone for me!”
The Avengers are still weary of Loki. Peter can’t blame him; the guy’s more like Deadpool. He can sometimes act like the hero, but he could just as easily stab you in the back. It’s just the way the guy is, and seemingly, Yaël seems to be okay with that.
Suddenly, Yaël saw a little kid appear, running playfully after her mom. The girl was also wearing a white dress and had flowers braided in her hair. The dark-brown, wavy hair of her mom and the kid looked exactly the same. Of course, the girl was toddler-Yaël herself. Agostina turned around and smiled at her daughter. Little Yaël fiddled a bit with the flowy skirt of her mother as her mom crouched to get to her daughter’s eye-level.
“Uh, in an airplane, about to leave,” he offers as vaguely as he can. Tony just smirks across from him.
“Yeah, sure,” Tony says, then, shaking his shoulders a bit to loosen them up. “What do you want to know?”
Mary, who starts heading towards the kitchen to get a glass nods.
“Th-thank you, sir,” Peter mutters, unsure whether he should call him Cap or Mr. Rogers. Surely, Steve would be too bold of him. After receiving a nod from the man, Peter hurries inside and drops down his skateboard and bag. Then he shrugs off his coat, which is barely wet since it stopped raining ten minutes into his trip.
“Sure,” Tony says in return, smiling at the man. When he holds out his hand for a greeting shake, Tony lets go of Steve’s to return the gesture. After that, he reaches back for Steve, just to reassure him further. The woman, Chrissy, bites her lips upon seeing it.
“Nope,” Tony returns, trying not to react too much to Steve’s hand on his stomach, drawing small patterns on it. When he gets to Tony’s scar, he follows it, head looking down to take a look at it. Then, suddenly, he crawls down for a bit, putting his head on the same level as Tony’s belly.
But this time, she needed no music. She could just calm down a bit and think about the situation. Like for instance, if she’d called Steve right after calling Fury, she would have been somewhat more aggressive towards him and afterwards, she’d be sorry about that.
“Yes, dear?” Steve returns fondly without taking his head away from Tony’s.
“Tony?”
Tony lets out a loud breath and pushes his seat back for a bit. He pinches his eyebrows and keeps his gaze down. Steve, too, turns his head to the side to avoid looking at Tony. Peter realizes even faster that this isn’t going to be easy.
“And I love you, too, sweetheart,” Tony tells him. He throws an arm around Steve’s shoulder and gives him a kiss on the back of his head. Steve actually kind of starts purring after that. “And I’m going to love showing you all of this tomorrow when you’re sobering up.”
“It is possible, yes,” Strange says. “But I’m not sending you back in time.”
“Did you get here easily? Did Ms. Thomas fell asleep in the elevator again? Do you want something to drink?” Maybe Yaël drunk too much coffee.
The man nodded again and put his hands on her cheeks, holding her face, like he knew what was coming and he was already forgiving her. This time, the shock didn’t stop anymore. Yaël did her best to stay conscious and kept staring into her opponent’s dark, purple eyes, his face, that she had ruined with her fire.
The two move towards what must be Richard’s workspace.
“You do realize you’re standing in front of the window wearing no clothes at all?” Steve asks without moving from his spot. Tony puts his hands on his hips and takes on a heroic pose.
“Blessing for what?” Steve asks curiously.
“So, she kind of blackmailed you?” Steve states. Tony looks up to think for a moment, but then shrugs.
Tony said they’re still working on things. Dr. Cho said it was more complicated than they’d thought. Dr. Banner isn’t even there to look things up.
“The name was brilliant,” Tony defends himself.
Steve pecks Tony on the cheek before walking off towards the crowd. A couple of people are still looking at them, though others are taking the small break to head to the toilet. Steve jumps down into the public, allowing a couple of the people to take selfies as well. Tony can’t help but smile as he watches his boyfriend crawling out of his shell like that.
“Trust me, you probably are and just don’t know it yet!” the guy continues, but he doesn’t make any further attempt on trying to give Peter a blow job. At least that is something…
This time he was staring through the window, so she couldn’t see his face. Did she… insult him?
There’s no class today. It’s Saturday, and this week-end it’s Tony-time again. So Peter packs his backpack, throws it over his shoulder and doesn’t bother to be quiet when he passes Johnny’s room. He’s not sure if the guy went out last night or not – it’s not like he’s out
Her eyes caught the guy walking through the graveyard again.
Steve’s scars are barely visible. His were smaller than Tony’s anyway, but while Tony’s is still red, Steve’s are now faint. If you wouldn’t know about it, you wouldn’t see them. Lucky bastard.
Tony proposes, clearly out of his debt here. Peter shakes his head.
“What, and have you talking our ears off some more? No thanks,” he returns. Peter groans, but then makes a ‘calling’ gesture towards him.
fault that the other Tony is such an ass.
have no clue what you’re talking about. You’re sure it’s me and not just some copy-cat or something?” he tries.
As soon as Yaël recognized the man who stormed in, she put her hand down.
“Tony, I think you’re slightly overreacting! According to FRIDAY, the intruder didn’t stay in your workshop for more than three minutes before the bots forced them out.”
When he stops the car in front of his apartment building in Queens, Tony puts the tablet aside again and turns to Peter with another smile.
The man holding the gun raises an eyebrow, and looks at him, seeming unimpressed. “Alright,” he says, turning until his gun is pointed towards Peter. Then Peter shoots it out of his hands and runs towards them. The man, the buyer, runs off to safety. Good, he doesn’t need to be here.
“Shit, sorry!” she muttered as she immediately took a brush and a towel to clean everything. Charles chuckled.
“I just know things; how’s MJ by the way?” Wade asked casually. He was way too relaxed for someone who just almost got frozen to death. On the other hand, Yaël knew she couldn’t have killed him. But right now, she wished she hadn’t stopped freezing him, so his head would be frozen too, because he didn’t look sorry at all.
And Steve had been grimacing, acting even better than probably he would have expected.
“Uh, I’m not sure yet,” Peter returns. They get out of the cab, splitting the bill as always. Then Johnny, surprisingly, throws an arm over Peter’s shoulder, acting like Peter hadn’t been acting like an ass the entire day.
, so for just a few seconds, Peter worries that he might have been kidnapped. But, that would be stupid; there’s a giant-ass window over there, and he can easily climb out of it, right?
But then, after a few seconds of just gentle breathing, the spasms seem to begin. It starts in Peter’s fingers, going up to his arms until his entire body is moving up and down on the bed. Like before, his eyes are open, looking lifelessly at the ceiling. For a short second, Tony has no idea what he should be doing here. In only a matter of seconds, his brain directs him to the internet to look up some instructions.
The boys nod, heading towards Wanda, Vision, Paul en Betty. Behind them, Tony finally opens the door. A few gasps come up, and it’s immediately clear why.
Bucky frowns and shakes his head.
And for that, the man starts with the Soldier. Bringing up his crimes under the influence of HYRDA, Peter notices the man almost shrinking in his seat. Especially with all the eyes trained on him. Except for Tony’s, who is simply staring ahead, refusing to turn around.
“You wouldn’t be the first,” the woman answered dryly. And at some point Yaël somehow managed to let a bottle of antiseptic freeze and burst, so a splinter of the glass cut in the doctor’s shoulder.
“Daredevil,” Peter says, still feeling slightly disappointed.
“This is Steve,” Tony introduces him. ‘Though I’m sure you know who he is.”
“Sure,” Yaël nodded, then she suddenly remembered something “Wait, I thought you didn’t like coffee?”
“FRIDAY?” Peter asks, expecting no answer at all.
“What happened to you? Your mouth is all red? Did you eat something you weren’t supposed to?” he asks curiously. Peter rubs over his mouth again, afraid he might have missed some of the lipstick. MJ then, too, drops her controller to turn towards Peter.
Touché.
“Sorry,” he mumbled.
Oh, please no. Not another reminder that he’s got an angry friend who refuses to text him back. He doesn’t need that, at all.
Instead of being put off by it, Steve does the same thing Pepper used to do; he admires it. He’s not disturbed by the obvious amount of scar tissue he’s got, not afraid to put his lips onto it and kiss him there where once the arc reactor used to be to keep him alive.
“Uhm, so I dreamt again and, eh, I kind of discovered I’m from another planet. But somehow I remember the languages I speak, but I simply can’t remember the planet itself. So, I was wondering if you knew the name of my planet.”
Steve had laughed despite himself. His stomach hurt, his head feeling as if it was about to split in two.
“I know, dad. I’m sorry,” Peter says, trying so hard to keep his tears in. “I just- I wanted to be like you.”
could help cheer Tony up somehow, it’s clear that their mission didn’t go exactly as planned. With Rumlow finally out of the picture, Natasha explains to Peter that Wanda accidentally blew up a building, and many people died because of it.
“Peggy can’t help you anymore, not this time,” Steve adds calmly, and Mr. Stark stands still again, face suddenly drained from all the anger and now instead showing shock. When his mouth opens, it seems like he wants to say something again, but then he closes it again, letting out a deep breath and lowering his gaze.
“Yeah, yeah, I’ve been through worse than this,” Spider-Man says, leaning forward a bit while he tries to catch his breath. “Thanks for the assist, though.”
, and that’s when Peter figured out that the man wasn’t on a business-trip somewhere; he was just simply not showing up for work.
“Listen, man, I’m Peter, and I’m Tony’s son! So much crap has happened since you’ve been gone but we can bring you up to date, okay? Vision is on his way to get you and-“
“You’re doing great, Tony,” Steve whispers back, kissing his skin with such a tenderness that makes Tony feel light in his head. “I’m sure Peter already adores you.”
“Tony,” Steve calls out for him. Of course, Tony can’t get no rest. He sighs, lowers his head and decides to just face the music.
The hour goes quickly. Before they know, they’re back on their places to continue. It goes on, and on, and on. And right when Peter thinks he’s about to fall asleep, the man announces that, if everybody above the age of 18 agrees with the accords, they can put their signature underneath the digital copy. It’s a thing they’ve discussed almost the entire time. Or more; it’s something Tony has been insisting on.
Tony flashes a light smile before showing a neutral face once again. He continues typing things down, humming a bit to himself and then knocking on the desk.
“I can hear that.” Loki opened the door, no longer waiting for her to let him in. Yaël felt her cheeks redden immediately, but she decided not to talk about it. Better to just get this over with, after all.
Once they’re inside, Peter quickly straps on the seatbelt, preparing himself for the craziest ride of his life. When he looks next to him, he can notice a figure appearing from around the corner.
They weren’t.
“What exactly are we doing here?” Peter asks. The girl’s green eyes suddenly turn towards him, her lips curling upwards.
“You thought I was about to propose.”
Without saying goodbye, Peter jumps off the roof. He figures she might find a way to keep him distracted, and Peter really doesn’t want that. He hears her shout something to him in the background, but he doesn’t hear it. Instead he swings his way back to Stark Tower, making sure that he’s not followed.
“Uh, Stephen, that’s not the Sanctum,” Clint points out. Strange shakes his head.
The fist loosens, opens. A big hand reaches out for something, and someone is raised into the air. Tony still can’t see who it is. He isn’t trying to find out, as long as Peter can just manage to swing his feet around. Kick, as hard as he can, and Tony is assured that he’s okay.
“You don’t know that, Tony,” Steve assures him. Peter is almost at the door. “Now please, tell me how much you took?”
“You fell off a freaking
“But why?” Peter had asked, sad about it. “I thought you loved him?”
Crap.
The pair gets to the front door of the house, where Tony rings the bell. It’s not like he doesn’t have the key to this place, but he kind of forgot it at the Mansion. Besides, it’s not that long until somebody opens the door. Tony’s glad to see Peter standing there.
“You lucky girl! Or unlucky, he’s quite fun when he’s angry,” Wade said with a wide grin.
“Yeah, uh, Jason… of course. I’ll, uh, I’ll call him for you, miss,” the receptionist sounded a bit bitter. He took the phone and dialed a number, Yaël didn’t need to follow the conversation so she looked around at the modern interior of the Stark Tower. The receptionist told her Jason was on his way, so she started walking around a bit. In her head, she saw herself walk out of the door and just disappear. She wasn’t really looking forward to see that hot dude, and surely not while wearing that skimpy dress.
Then, suddenly, there’s a hand behind his head, stroking through his hair. It’s not coming from Aunt May’s side, so Peter figures it must be Mr. Stark. He shudders a bit before the first tear rolls over his cheek. With a small groan, he turns towards his Aunt with a questioning look. The woman nods.
Holy shit, that’s way too much information. As the thoughts go through his mind, all kinds of images of Natasha pass through his head, showing her from all the way back in 2010 to now. Jesus, has Natasha really changed that much?
know. We can’t predict the future. We already broke up once, it’s still a possibility.” It’s a complete mess. Tony’s thoughts are going in overdrive. He wouldn’t be surprised if there’s smoke coming out of his ears.
Steve just glares at Tony, hands the shield to Peter and then goes to where he must be instructed to go. After that, the curtains fall much like LL said they would. And as LL starts asking why Tony chose that song, and how long it took them to practice it, Tony can’t help but feel extremely curious as to what exactly Steve is going to do.
“Oh, right. If you’re going to sleep around, you can’t demand me to be a clean, good, well behaved woman that jumps whenever you call me. Buy a dog, Loki. You probably just like me because I’m the only woman who you can have that kind of weird affair with. And how do I know this isn’t just one of your tricks again?”
“So, you’ve never really told me your story.”
Steve asks. Of course, it’s the most obvious answer, given Tony’s history with drinking and the beat his liver took in all those years. “
“I know that road,” Tony utters out, feeling his heart suddenly pick up a few paces. Anxiously, he looks down at the cassette tape that’s currently playing. Then he turns back to the cabin. “What is this?!” he demands.
Stark’s mystery kid?” Felicia suddenly asks. Peter turns back to her with his mouth open. He had actually forgotten that the girl didn’t know about Peter’s heritage! He’s so used to hanging out with people who know about that detail in his life, he’s not even been trying to hide it away around them.
Yaël nodded in agreement as she saw Peter turn around after he noticed them.
“Fine, wouldn’t want all those half-naked drawings of me to end up with mustaches- oh, wait…”
“And what if I don’t want to do that?”
“Nothing too special, really,” Aaron returns. “Lots of sweaty people, too many of them. Didn’t get to see too much of the view, y’know?” He takes a sip from his beer while diverting his eyes towards the news. “That whacko out again?”
Yaël closed her eyes for what seemed like just a second. The thing she unwittingly did with Bucky on quiet moments like these, was winding a lock of his hair around her finger. So when she felt actual hair between her fingers, her eyes flung back open again. She looked up to check how uncomfortable Peter was feeling about her invading his hair, but it seemed like he hadn’t noticed.
Peter then shrugs again, keeping his eyes away from Steve.
“Yeah, I had forgotten how pretty you looked,” she says dryly. Peter pokes her in the arm. Then they both shut up as the people around them start to quiet down, and their voices are much clearer to hear.
“Yeah, just sit down for a moment, Petey,” Steve tells him, nodding towards the couch. He notices Steve giving Tony a long look. With a lump stuck in his throat, he sits down on his assigned seat and takes a deep breath.
“What’s up, Cap?” she asked. Did somebody die while she was out? Would that mean that Yaël would never get to know this person again?
Tony smiles, reaching out towards his son to put his hand behind the kid’s head again. Then he nods and leans forward to kiss Peter on the forehead.
The doctors all seem to think transplantation will be necessary. The only problem with that is that Tony isn’t a candidate given his alcoholic tendencies.
Right… he’ll go on patrol later. First he needs to heal up a bit. So with a grunt he walks back to his room where he picks out his phone again. Then, searching for his previous calls, he selects Steve’s number again.
“Charles, I’m going to help you clean up this mess,” Yaël said sternly, as she didn’t want him to wave away her help. “By the way, did you hear what Wade said?”
“Eh, hi, it’s Yaël. I have a question, mister Fury?”
Anyway, here you go, eleventh chapter.
that he enjoyed hanging out with all these kids for those events. Sure, the children all love him, but Tony never really stood still about the fact that he might not particularly like them in return.
What if his Dad hadn’t started Stark Industries? What if they would have kept their son out of the tabloids? What if they’d never died? What if Mary had decided to leave Richard and be with Tony? What if he’d known about Peter from the beginning? He figures his life would have been completely different.
“That might me true, but I want to include a new subject in our curriculum. A subject that isn’t all about studying or homework. Something that gives the young minds a break, in a creative way.” Yaël cocked an eyebrow in curiosity.
“What?” the three of them question simultaneously, and then the camera zooms out and reveals Tony standing on the other side holding Cap’s booted leg in his hands.
- Steve having trouble with himself
With Flash begrudgingly joining the Decathlon-team – as a sanction from his own mother after all that bullying in the past – things almost even feel weird at the school. The constant ‘fear’ of having Flash kicking his ass quickly passes over, but instead comes another growing fear, this one being Ned.
Back then, Tony had thought she meant Banner. Now, though, Tony isn’t so sure anymore that’s what she was on about.
“You can’t tell me anything,” Mary states. “That would be dangerous.”
FRIDAY responds, but clearly not really warmed up to the idea. Tony likes that she cares so much, but right now Tony just needs to tinker a bit. So he comes up with the formulas in front of him, though he remembers them well enough from when he studied them to remove them from Pepper’s body. His memory has kept that information safe inside his brain.
the dining room. One wall contains nothing more than windows, giving another wonderful view of New York. One window, Peter knows, is actually a door that leads to the landing platform for the Iron Man suit.
“Oh my God, Peter, are you alright?” she asks. Peter leans his head forward until it’s resting against her shoulder. It’s a moment of respite before he realizes it’s not over.
Before Yaël could even react to his question, a darker piece of the metal walls, that seemed to be the door, flew open. Two enormous guys looked at her, one of them smirked as he said: “Time for round one, little girl.”
That’s when he finds a part of the strange gun that fell out of the car during the chase. He kneels down to observe it a bit, finding a purple glow coming out of it. That’s probably the power source, Peter’s mind tells him. Before he can pick it up, Ned’s ringtone comes up again. Peter picks up immediately this time.
“I get it, Tony,” Steve interrupts him with a laugh. Tony chuckles nervously, too.
“Oh, uh, yes,” Tony mutters. It’s then that Peter realizes that Sharon doesn’t know about Steve and Tony. Peggy didn’t know, either. He wonders if
Also, I originally wrote nothing about the fight. In one part because I didn't want to write too many fight scenes (I'm not really THAT good at those), but in the other I thought; we all know what is going to happen. But I read in the comments that some of you were curious about the fight between Peter and Steve. I still didn't fully add it, but there are a few dialogues that I took out, a couple of references in the beginning of the chapter. It's mostly because I felt guilty for not adding it. I'm sorry if it's not exactly what you'd expected from the Leipzig-fight.
“T-thanks,” she said. This wasn’t what she’d thought would happen if she’d use her powers in front of clients.
“Dude, you’re like the one-night-stand-king of us all?”
Tony laughs. “
“Alright, everybody, prepare for a smooth landing,” Tony jokes. When the quinjet shakes slightly, he chuckles. “Yeah, we’ll blame that on the wind.”
When Peter told her someone had been filming their fight on the party, Yaël snorted. She chuckled, not to laugh with him, but because him worrying that she was still mad about that idiotic mistake, warmed her heart. Of course it was she who caused all that drama, but his reaction showed he really cared about her.
“Whabbub?” she mumbled while the toothpaste dripped out of her mouth a bit. The man grinned widely and walked in without her permission. He laid down on her bed after testing it with his hand. Yaël just frowned at him, holding up her hand in a questioning gesture when
“Listen, I know things have been shit-“
Peter startles once more, turning towards Steve and nodding with his mouth still full of water. Then he swallows once more and takes a deep breath.
And that should be enough to convince Peter. Because
It’s like the nerves come up after the event. It takes about ten minutes before the door opens up again and Strange gestures for them to come inside. Before Tony can even move, May storms inside with Steve following her a bit more slowly. Tony stays on the spot, unable to move.
“What? Am I not fun enough for this mister Stark? Is he handsome by the way? Don’t look at me like that!” Steve glanced at her, his cheeks turned a bit reddish. When they arrived at the lift Steve pressed the button. This time there was no one sleeping between the doors, because the thing came immediately.
Yaël recognized the tall blonde guy immediately, slowly remembering that Steve had fallen asleep in her sofa last night.
. As far as these people are concerned, I don’t even exist,” Yaël muttered while rubbing her eyes. But if she didn’t exist, then why did the UN decide to put her on lockdown too?
“You’re not healing as quickly as Steve, but your suture shouldn’t be looking like this yet. It’s truly fascinating.”
Aunt May realized something was wrong with him two months after Gwen died. Peter had started to avoid places; mostly churches and rooms with clocks. On top of that, he spaced out whenever he saw a police-car. Aunt May begged for him to get some help. He refused.
White damp comes out of the tubes, indicating that they’ve been opened. In the middle of the room there’s a device Barnes seem to actively avoid looking at. Seeing it from a bit closer, Tony figures it must be what they’ve used to control this man’s mind.
Peter nods at him, shrugging lightly.
“PRUDE!” Yaël yelled before Steve closed the door behind him.
“To be honest, I was more taken by surprise by her admitting that I wasn’t really his son,” Peter admits. Tony takes in the frail figure in front of him, sad to see that thick bush of hair on his head so thinned out, but it wouldn’t be the first time that Peter would have to regrow his hair. After his surgery to fix his ears they had to shave it off, too.
“Steven Grant Rogers, I am so very much in love with you,” Tony whispers against his mouth. Steve’s not really used to him being so affectionate, but he can surely get used to this.
," Tony responds, interrupting Steve where he was hesitating. Peter snorts at the respond, pulling up his journal and adding another stripe under Tony's name. So far, it's a tie.
“No, Peter! He’s hurt and they’ve performed surgery on him for the past hour. I’m sure he’s having the time of his life!” Clint throws at him. When Natasha gives him a stern look, he shuts his mouth and lets out a long breath.
Steve nods in agreement. “I think Pepper’s your best shot, indeed. I mean, she knows him through and through, being his assistant for years.” Peter smiles happily, about to say something when the door suddenly opens up again.
She hangs up the phone, and Peter drops it on his bed. As long as he’s wearing the mask with Karen inside, he has no need of carrying it along.
your teenage boy.”
“Oh girlie, I really was only gone for five minutes to take a wee, but okay.” Wade answered while glancing at the guy who was laying on her.
- Relationship therapy from Natasha Romanoff
Breakfast goes on without much more said. Peter finishes his plate, thanks Steve for preparing it, and then moves towards the living room to take a good look inside that tablet. It’s best to give the adults a little moment together after all.
“Is that a bad thing?”
There’s only two persons missing so far. Felicia and MJ. And sure, he knows they’re not
- Meeting Dr. Banner
“THAT WAS MY MOTHER!” Tony shouts through his tears, pushing Steve away from him, feeling close to just punch him in the face.
Natasha hums out as she passes her hand through Tony’s hair in a comforting way, reminding him a bit of how his mother used to try and make him feel better. It’s soothing, and even manages to give him a small smile, though on the inside he feels like he’s still just breaking apart.
There’s a moment of silence on the other side of the line, then some mumbled speaking, May telling something to the others, probably. There’s some shifting noises, cracking as if her phone is passed along to somebody else, and then there’s another voice.
“Be as it may, Mr. Stark, it is obvious that your priorities are elsewhere. And that is acceptable, but we still need you to throw us a bone here. At least hire some new engineers, of stimulate the current ones to think out of the box. Or perhaps it’s time to think about letting your son-“
!” Tony shouts again. Steve rolls his eyes, looking up and suddenly noticing Bruce and Peter standing there with their eyebrows raised. A bit of color comes up on Steve’s cheeks, and he chuckles hesitantly.
“Simple, I want you,” the Cat returns. “I’ve been observing you, keeping an eye on you. You’re a good person, always trying to help people. And next to that, you’re smoking hot.”
“Because I beheaded that jerk drug dealer who was about to take that kid?”
“Just try, dear,” Steve grumbles.
“Okay, why was it a secret station?” Tony asks, already pulling up his phone to look it up himself. Just as FRIDAY is explaining, the website opens up.
“What the-?” Peter asks. They start running through Manhattan, making their way to Times Square. Peter knows that, if there’s something important happening there, it’s almost surely broadcasted live back there. Harry’s right beside him, running just as fast as him. Peter’s glad for it, for Harry being here. Sure, he’s not always the best at being supportive, but he shows it in those grand gestures.
The parties come and go. Peter joins Johnny more often than not, always waking up with the biggest hangover he can even imagine and missing his first few classes of the day.
Steve is back because of the Tesseract. With it still on Asgard, Thor used it to help Steve travel from New Asgard to New York. I don't want his return to make you wonder how that's even possible, so I thought I should explain it quickly! Of course, Steve is going to shed light on the subject soon enough!
Shit, Peter thinks that he’s starting to understand it. Thinking back to one of Strange’s lessons he once decided to give when Peter found himself at the Sanctum (he only had to deliver him something for crying out loud), Strange did say something about the multiverse. With other words…
“Oh, what did you have? The flu?” Peter signed to a coffeehouse. “Want to have a drink or something?”
“Can I help you?” Yaël jumped and accidentally dropped the magazine as a random guy started talking behind her. She turned around and what she saw made shocked her so much she ran against the leg of one of the tables. She grabbed her toe and jumped around on one foot for a second, cursing. The guy who sneaked up on her was extremely handsome, he was a model, he had to be.
ways. Ways he wouldn’t share with his so-called best friend.”
She looked so emotionless, like she didn’t even notice what she was doing. Even though her hair had its natural color, it was clearly her. Yaël’s continuously changing eyes were striking. The noise of people yelling and screaming drummed into her ears. Everybody in the sandwich bar turned to her.
“What’s this?” he asks, curiously. Tony smiles once more before pressing a button. Then the project on the screen gets projected in the air, showing what seems like some sort of gauntlet.
“How long?” Peter asks.
By the time he’s near Stark Tower, Peter jumps off the car. He must have surprised the diver, since he stops with shrieking tires, leaving black marks on the road. Peter waves him off in a thanks, jumping up towards the wall of the tower and then starting his climb up.
She was so sucked up into the fight, that she almost didn’t notice the fireworks shooting form a crashed down spaceship and a badass-looking, armed woman walking out of it. The woman immediately owned everything that crossed her path.
“Don’t worry. These performances are never really that memorable,” Tony assures his son. Peter then wraps his own arms around Tony and hugs him back tightly.
“Peter, now you’re just being overdramatic,” Tony mutters. Steve just frowns, clearly extremely uncomfortable about this entire thing.
“Rogers?”
“Who on Earth-?” Tony mutters to himself, turning the doll around but not at all remembering how it could possibly get here. Unless… was he somehow brought into the future? Or did he lose his memory? He’s not exactly sure.
“SHIELD’s legal again. They’ve erased all trace of HYDRA within themselves. And there’s a whole lot of trouble with all this talk about
somebody says. The man holding the gun seems unlpeased, like he’s not impressed. With that, the other man, the one with the bonnet and the yellow-sleeved hoodie, picks up the gun again and hurries back to his van. “
“Alright,” he says, and then he starts explaining.
he hears, though the voice is muffled. Then there’s some shifting noises, and the other person, Steve, starts speaking to him. “
“Maybe a moment apart will get you to shut your ridiculous mouths.”
“They were amateurs,” she says. Tony snorts. After filling up the glass, he hurries towards Rhodey and Happy. Vision and Wanda, who have gotten a glass from Harry as well, are standing by the window. They’re keeping space between them; Peter wonders why they’re being so careful around each other?
,” FRIDAY returns. “
“Yeah, right. You can lie to yourself, man, but don’t lie to us,” the kid responds.
“Liz, hi,” Peter greets her. Liz nervously pulls her hair behind her ear and shuffles a bit on her feet.
“Seven in the evening. May comes in about an hour to get me home,” he reveals. Tony sighs, turns his head around and looks at Peter.
“Peter, can I come in?” Tony asks. There’s no answer, causing for him to hesitate for a little bit longer. He searches inside his head, looking for assurance that Peter’s actually in the room. When he finds confirmation for it, he reaches for the doorknob to get himself in.
“No. I don’t know if you noticed but Aang is very smooth in handling his powers. I’m… not.” She answered dryly. She had discovered the series a few days ago and she had been binge-watching it secretly. Yaël had also been thinking about it for a few days and she couldn’t shake the feeling that her powers were the source of this nightmare.
Tony snaps back.
“Uh, excuse me?” Steve gets out, confused by Tony’s sudden revelation.
There’s still enough place for more tables, but there’s not enough guests. Everybody knows it, but nobody mentions it.
“He’s not going to believe me,” Steve tells him, then. Tony tilts his head to the side for a bit, smiling again.
His math-homework…
“Alright, fine,” Tony mutters. But still, Steve doesn’t seem on board.
CHAPTER WARNINGS:
“Let me guess, it made you horny as fuck?” Yaël blurted out, getting back to the conversation. Of course Prude Parker started blushing again as he threw himself on his back and put his hands in front of his eyes, making the bed shake with his movement. So… Okay, maybe she should clear her emotions out too. “Don’t worry, I don’t have a secret crush on you, Peter. My libido’s just… extremely high, I suppose.” Well, especially when she was intoxicated.
Peter stands still, feeling his face get cold as he watches the boy pass by. Harry – Peter’s almost sure it’s him – hasn’t seen him yet. He’s just walking forward, looking disinterested as he follows the crowd into another room.
Right. He did.
The smartest way to cope with Loki’s silence had always been waiting for him to talk about it. So instead of asking questions, she simply gave him some directions on how to put on the bandages.
“Would you be a dear and let me in, please?”
Brunnhilde stared at the escaping ship. “The people are safe, that’s all that matters,” she said to Thor while walking towards Yaël who was still stuck by Hela’s spears. The both stopped next to her. Thor smoothly tilted Yaël out of the spears. She didn’t even have the energy anymore to hiss or to thank him.
“Tell me about it,” he chuckles. “I guess that’s what happens when you only see life through your eyes; you don’t know what happens in other people’s lives.”
Peter startles when he suddenly starts shouting after Steve. The door immediately opens again, showing Steve with a worried face as he tries to figure out what’s wrong. Tony gestures for him to come closer.
Peter nods, loosening his shoulders before giving the dummy Natasha broke earlier a hard kick. Much to her surprise, it flies right off the ground and lands against the wall on the other side of the room. With wide eyes, Peter gapes at the sudden destruction he’s caused.
But his plan actually worked. After Peter introduced Yaël to Wanda, a kind girl, Wade pulled the suit out of his backpack and Peter didn’t leave his side since then, asking questions about who made it and how it was sewed and stuff.
Tony, still in his suit, keeps on hovering in the air without removing his mask.
Another part of suddenly having a small glimpse of Steve’s powers is at how augmented everything is. If this isn’t even close to what Steve is feeling, Tony really feels sorry for the man. He’s constantly on edge, hearing noises from too far away to even smelling what his neighbor is eating in the room next to him. He’s no longer in ICU, having been brought over to a private room on a transplant-recovery department. His visiting hours are much better now, though given that Pepper still has a company to look after, she’s not here as often as she was when his survival wasn’t guaranteed. He’s not expecting Peter tonight, having told him to take a day off, swing around town for a bit. Though he wouldn’t be surprised if he would pass by just for a few minutes before visiting hours are over.
Tony looks at the child, still a bit surprised that it’s there. He doesn’t know the complete story about this child; to him it just seems like it was suddenly there. Sure, he was aware that the girl had turned out pregnant around the time of them changing the accords. As to who the father is, he’s learned not to ask questions anymore.
Once Peter comes into view, Tony frowns. There he lies, his son, deeply asleep on the couch. The one thing standing out immediately being the massive black eye he’s sporting. Only then does Tony notice the bruises on Peter’s arms, the paleness in his face. The mess that his hair has become.
“I just know things; how’s MJ, by the way?” Wade asks, looking as if he’s not freezing to death in that ice-trap the girl made for him. Peter frowns upon hearing that new name. When he looks at the girl to ask if that’s her name, she just shakes her head in denial.
“I didn’t know you were there,” Mr. Stark mutters out. He rolls around until his face is pressed against the pillow. Whatever he says next is muffled, but Peter can still understand it. “I would’ve helped y’out. Would’ve protected her.”
Tony comes back down next to Steve, offering him a hand to get him back up.
And then he realizes why the two have taken separate places. Is it possible that… Steve… is ashamed to be seen with a man? Peter knows it’s been an issue a few months back when they first went to visit Peggy in the home.
His vision is blurry, heart is racing too fast, and his work is not moving forward.
Despite being probably one-fiftieth Super-Soldier, there’s a lot of things that remind Peter that his dad is still not invincible, even when he wants to believe it himself. After a whole week at May’s, Peter drops his bag again in the living room of the penthouse, seeing Rhodey and Barnes sitting there like nothing much is happening in the world. Peter gives them a wave, they salute him back, though they’re both winking.
Peter smiles, feeling fondness when he realizes that his Dad is keeping his creations. Especially when he sees the forgotten project of his bot somewhere there as well. He should finish it one day!
Oh, good, try to lighten the mood, great idea, Parker. You’ll surely anger her right there.
He repeats it every time. Again and again, and for the past three hours he hasn’t had another one of these panic attacks. It’s going good for now. He’s fine, so far. There’s been visitors, but only for a short amount of time. Out of respect for the other patients on the department, visiting hours have been reduced to two hours a day, those hours being divided on two different moments during the day. Pepper’s been here earlier, telling him about what’s going on in the outside world, what she’s telling the press. Tony wants to ask her about Happy, but he’s afraid that if he talks, he’ll forget again.
“Are you alright in there, Tones?” Bruce asks. Tony nods, despite the man not being able to see it.
“He’s been better. We’ll fight through it,” he assures him. “I suggested he stayed home for the wedding, but he refused to hear it.”
Peter finishes the arc reactor the day after going to the Facility.
“They weren’t,” he says. Brunnhilde makes an unimpressed face.
“Oh no, did you invite more people?”
He’s having a horrible day.
“Being gay! Or, you know, being bisexual is also a thing now.”
Peter’s eyes are a bit wet when Tony says that, but the hard stance in his jaw indicates that Peter is not trying to show his emotions about it. Then he nods and looks down.
“The kid can’t take much more. Got depression and PTSD, barely got any money, and an Aunt that works day and night to provide for him.”
That, or he might think of Peter as a kid that doesn’t wash his hands after using the toilet. Each way, Peter can simply avoid that.
Peter blinks a few times, turning around to see his Dad standing there with the case.
“You said, back when we were fighting Mordo… you know… that I was being an Avenger before being a parent?”
“Great! I mean, oh no wait… I have to work tomorrow.” Crap, how was it possible that she was able to keep forgetting her job? When mister Xavier didn’t answer, Yaël quickly added: “But I guess I can call my boss to ask a day off.” Diego would be so mad at her for letting him know an evening in advance. Oh, and for skipping two days in one week. Well, Yaëlwill feel it when she’ll get her loan.
Peter smiles, moving forward and wrapping his arms around Gwen.
MJ, it was just all so… sudden!
“C’mon, son, let’s get you changed,” Tony says carefully. Peter groans against the pillow, shaking his head.
But he’s got a feeling that he needs to face Peter on this. They need to have a serious talk.
Or, as normal as they could be. Nothing in her life has really been normal since Peter got bitten by a radioactive spider. Especially because Peter’s just about crap in keeping a secret.
“Sixteen,” Wade corrected her. She rolled her eyes.
Or at least, he thinks he sees him.
Tony doesn’t respond.
“Is this a joke?” James wonders. And eventually Tony manages to get the boot off, groaning out in relief.
There’s only one number. And Peter knows who that is.
Putting down the PIN as written on the letter, his feeling of relief is endless when it’s accepted. Peter messes a bit with it, trying to find how it works. But eventually, he stumbles across the contacts on it.
"Focus, Yaël."
But, the test also came close to the release of a new game that he’d been waiting a long time for. Peter probably figures he’s been too busy playing to remember that he had a test.
suddenly comes up. Peter takes a deep breath and then sighs.
don’t like sex?” Peter asks after they’ve finished explaining. He turns towards Nat, searching for confirmation.
“You happy?”
“Uh.. I, uh… I’ll be there in five,” he tells Bruce. Then he turns around to avoid the mirror again, hurrying to his pile of clothes. He takes his shirt in his hand, pulls it over his chest, and only then manages to let out the long breath he’d been holding. He takes a few seconds to relax.
She nodded as she pushed herself away from the wall and started walking again, they were almost there. After walking down a few stairs and going through a few hallways, passing a few corners, Yaël stopped Lopt for a second to put on the bandage around her eyes. Before that, she had been walking with her head down so nobody who passed her could see her eyes.
“Wait a minute-“ Peter mumbles out. He does indeed remember Gwen mentioning something about an ex, but she never called him by name. After all, they had been only fourteen back then; no relationship is serious at that age!
“Anybody already called Steve about this?” Pepper then asks. Bruce, who is already standing at the coffee machine to prepare some more, shakes his head.
“Excuse me?” Mary asks in confusion.
The move that gave him the greatest gift of them all. Sadly, though, at the expense of the woman he loved.
“Wait? Are you guys too drunk or too dumb to see that we’re in New York right now and she gave you all an address in Sydney, you know, Australia! It’s the address Dory always repeats in Finding Nemo, you dumb twats!” Wade yelled, but nobody listened to him.
“You can be sure that the next time you go after Peter Parker, you will have
“I might have been knocked down back at HQ, but I heard you when you were fighting him. You two knew each other in the past, didn’t you?”
“No Barnes?” he asks, a bit surprised for it. Then Sam shoots one short glance at Natasha, who is seated somewhere to Tony’s right. The look is quick, but Tony understands enough with it, remembering how, back in the hospital, she addressed the man as ‘James’.
“Yeah, he’s in his room,” she said as she jumped to the coat rack and put on her jacket “I’m glad you’re here!” May let out hastily as she, confused by her rush, kissed Yaël on her cheek. Then she mumbled “Be good!” before she smacked the door shut.
“You ran away yesterday,” Tony says shortly, with his hands in his pockets. At least he’s not wearing his glasses. Peter clears his throat, looking down at his feet with his waffles in his hands.
“ANTHONY EDWARD STARK!” somebody shouts in the background. Tony flinches upon hearing it, not used to having his full name spoken out in such a manner. Normally, it meant that he got trouble from his own Dad.
“Just some friends,” she says. She waves when one of the group looks up and notices them. Then, suddenly, everybody turns to them, all wearing big smiles on their faces and waving at Peter as if they’ve known him their entire life.
His phone goes off. It’s a text. He reaches for it, squints when the light of the phone nearly blinds him and reads whatever whoever sent him.
The first notes are enough to say which song it is, and Tony has to admit that he’s a bit surprised. How would Steve come up with the idea to perform ‘Stand By Me?’ Usually, people take faster, louder songs that have a lot of swing in it.
“You told me to go,” Steve answers quietly. Is his voice breaking? Did he lose weight, too? Steve looks different in many ways.
“Mr. Stark?” the man asks. Tony pulls his hand from Steve’s mouth and nods before standing up. If the guard is surprised about what he saw, he’s not showing it. “The chief wants to see you. It’s about the transfer of Mr. Rogers tomorrow?”
Tony nods at him, watching the King walk away as he picks up his phone. Then he lets out a sigh, putting his hands behind his back as he starts walking. One quick look at his watch says that it’s nearly three. One look above, he can see the streams of sunlight getting through the leaves of the trees and he smiles.
“Why wouldn’t it be?”
By the time it’s just the three of them again, Tony finds himself leaning against Steve on the couch with Peter’s head on his lap. They’re starting up the first Lord of the Rings, with no intention of finishing it since everybody’s just tired like crazy.
“I suppose I’m just an idiot,” he says, tapping the dashboard lightly as he steps out. He’s not wearing a tie, but he’s still wearing a vest above the dark grey shirt. As he walks, he passes his hands over it to clear them out, making sure that his collar is still in place and his shirt is tucked back into his pants. The cuffs of his shirt are still buttoned together.
Crawling down to Bruce’s floor, he gets to the window of the lab before knocking against it. Immediately, Bruce turns around to see the source of the noise. When he sees Peter, he gives him a smile. This isn’t the first time Peter does this.
“You can stay in bed as long as you like, as long as I’m allowed to stay, too,” Steve jokes. Tony breathes out before turning around, finding Steve’s blue eyes almost immediately. He smiles when the man pulls him closer and kisses his lips.
Yaël couldn’t help it as she chuckled and dug her face into his T-shirt. So this was how it felt again…  Yaël had a secret love for hugs. They felt way warmer than a kiss or anything, but she felt too awkward to hug someone herself. By the way, there hadn’t been many hug-able people around her lately.
“Here?” Peter asks, curiously. Johnny nods.
Again, enjoy, and feel free to let us know what you think!
“Mr. Stark, is there something wrong?” Peter asks after fifteen minutes of silent driving. They’re slowly nearing Peter’s house, but so far Tony hasn’t managed to get anything out. There’s so much to talk about, but Tony can’t figure out where to begin.
As for Mantis, after celebrating Christmas with the rest of the Avengers, she and the rest of the Guardians decided to head back. They all agreed that Peter’s doing much better, and that he doesn’t need her help anymore. She agrees, though the moment she leaves, he does make a new appointment with his psychiatrist just for good measures.
“What for?” he asks in confusion. Then realization hits him as he takes another look at the hospital room around him. “Oh, right…”
got hurt?” Tony hisses at him. “Do you have any idea what it would have done to me?”
“Wanda’s gone
“When’s the last time you went out patrolling?” Tony finds himself asking. Peter, who accepts a glass of water from May, shrugs.
“Mr. Stark, I don’t think you’re seeing the big picture here,” the man with the glasses says. Or, uh, the brown glasses, since a lot of people are wearing glasses here, excluding him and Pepper. They’re both in too good health to be wearing those. “For over the past year, there have only been three new innovative creations brought into the market which are-“
Eventually, Thor leaves, announcing that he’ll be heading to Bruce’s next. Steve and Tony wave him off. Once the King is gone, the two shake their heads in amusement. Steve, holding Tony’s hand into his own, chuckles again while leaning forward to kiss his cheek. He feels Tony’s dark eyelashes against his cheek in the process.
“What about you?” Steve asked. Sam gestured to the room around them.
“It won’t be Vienna, since they’re still under construction there because of the explosion. It’s happening in Geneva, but it’s more hush-hush now. The news doesn’t know about it,” Peter explains in a low voice. “You can’t tell anybody, okay?”
Peter can’t help but smile the entire evening. He’s greeted by the homeless. Greeted by young people who only just found themselves on the streets after being kicked out. So many more. He listens to all their stories, agrees to go on pictures – Ned is carrying around a polaroid that prints out the photos directly. By the time it’s about ten in the evening, he figures he needs a little time-out.
And God loves all his children, it's somehow forgotten
Typical Asgardian gowns. But each of them with a hint of their superhero personas. Steve has to admit that he loves the red fabric, decorated with golden ornaments. He’s pretty sure Tony’s going to look amazing in it.
“I think that reaction was mostly due to the name,” the blonde woman says, picking at her own glasses. She’s wearing blue ones, and her lips are bright red. Not the same red as Pepper or Aunty Peggy used to have, so obviously Tony hates the color.
For the most part of July, Tony has been working together with Pepper again. Mostly, he asked for her help to put out the Avengers' fire, which she did without asking any questions. They helped die down the stories that were written about them, and even got the newspaper to stop portraying the remaining Avengers as criminals. What they are, right now, is just stuck in a grey zone between hero and illegal vigilante.
“Oh, I see how it is. Mr. Parker just wanted a ride, isn’t it?” Peter shook his head a bit panicky jokingly. “Well, too bad for you; I don’t have a driver’s license, after all.” Yaël was terrible at driving. She remembered Steve trying to teach it to her multiple times, but there was too much to focus on, too much she didn’t understand about cars or driving. So Yaël almost crashed a few times, which always ended in Steve saving the day, being the hero and annoying the heck out of her. Maybe she was too dumb to learn it, maybe because she actually came from another planet without things like machines, robots or cars.
“C’mon, kid. I’m sure this guy has some things to discuss,” he says. Peter watches them go for a moment, but decides to go then, as well. He gets into a large hallway filled with what looks like ancient artifacts. He feels his mouth open in surprise as he takes it all in.
“What are you doing?!” he hisses at him. Harry smiles at him.
Felicia, right. Peter had no idea that his feelings for the girl were so deep? It’s surprising, but at the same time Peter can only wish that it would work out between the two of them. Johnny surely deserves it.
“He’s my father,” he suddenly slips out. His eyes widen the moment the words leave his mouth, and his hand goes to cover up his lips, but it’s already too late.
“Tony, SHIELD never really told us much about this girl. What’s the deal with her?”
“But… how can I tell my wife, a woman a care for very deeply, that I might have feelings for her uncle? Or cousin, whatever you want to call it…”
Without the need to talk, the two work together. Tony, being more experienced, knows a little better what he’s doing so Steve lets him take the lead which is just fine by Tony. They huff, they groan, they sweat. When their bodies are joined together, a few moans are let out as well. With their mouths almost permanently pressed against each other, Tony can feel Steve’s hot breath against his face. Buried into him, Tony makes slow movements to let Steve adjust, enjoying the gasps and the groans he makes. Their fingers tangle together, Steve turns his head to the side, teeth biting his lower lip. Tony kisses his neck.
It takes him a few seconds to realize she’s actually moving like a cat would.
As it turns out, they’re some sort of small community, or so they say. It’s something Peter hasn’t heard of before, and most of them admitted that they were surprised Peter hadn’t found anything about it on the internet.
Five seconds may have passed ever since he let go of the Goblin. In five seconds, his mind has wandered everywhere, his heart is already aching, and his fingers are trembling. But not because of the fall; because of Gwen.
The smile he had on his face while talking to Vision is now gone, but much to Peter’s relief he doesn’t seem angry at all. He nods towards the seat next to his bed, and pushes his table aside. Peter can see that the little pot of pudding is already empty.
“But Tony I-“
Peter looks up, having never really heard the name
“I don’t know,” he mutters out. “It never really was such a big deal before, but now…”
“Are you driving?” he asks, frowning still.
- Nothing else, much.
“I broke up-? Why would I do that? Peter where’s Steve? Why isn’t Steve here?” Tony’s breathing gets harder, and he starts to sit up despite the strain it puts on his body. Peter frowns in worry; Tony’s never reacted like this! Mostly it’s just ‘oh’ or ‘okay’. He’s never been in panic about it.
I had a lot of fun writing this one. It was an idea that had been in my mind a few times, but I never knew how to start with it. Then this morning, while I was watching South Park, I suddenly got hit with a large wave of inspiration.
Then, all of the sudden, Peter can breathe again. The legs around his neck pull away, Peter’s arm is freed. The first thing he does is breathe as deeply as he can, accidentally breathing in a bit of his spit, thus making him cough it out with a hand on his chest and another one on the floor. Slowly, his eyes start to see things clearly again. The black disappears.
“Urgh, you try living with them, then.” Peter shakes his head, pretending not to see the two men anymore and instead focusing on his breakfast instead.
What’s going on? Peter slowly opens the door, seeing only a few students in there, looking bored out of their mind. In the front, there’s the detention-keeper, deep in discussion with somebody Peter doesn’t really know. The third member of said discussion is Mrs. Cooper, who doesn’t seem happy about being here after her working hours.
“Not really,” he says. Then he clears his throat. “Say, what’s the time?”
Though before he can hear it, she starts talking again.
-face and then sighed.
Tony raises an eyebrow at him.
They had a short conversation with Fury, one to indicate that there was no way Loki was to remain on Earth. Thor agreed to take him back to Asgard with the help of the Tesseract. Fury didn’t object. The call had been extremely short.
“Relax a bit, dear,” Steve asks of him. Tony pushes his arm off, putting his hands in his hair and looking at the workshop in despair.
The hours continue quickly after that. While Steve helps out with the last few tasks that need to be accomplished, Thor hurries back to his quarters to get changed at last. Steve isn’t left alone for long, though. He gets in a conversation with Lady Sif and Hilde, and is eventually joined by Bucky and Sam. When he asks where Clint and Scott are – since they’re often hanging around with the four of them whenever Steve isn’t with them – Bucky simply explains Clint with Peter Quill back at Jane’s. Apparently, they seem intent on doing her hair and make-up. Meanwhile, Scott is with Hope, supposedly having gotten into a deep conversation with Natasha about fighting tactics.
and only Iron Man,” Yaël jumped a little as Wade suddenly interrupted their conversation. Where had he been hiding all this time? Yaël looked around confusedly. Did he just pop up or had he been waiting in a tree?
“Hello.”
With ease, she pulled gigantic ice spears from the water, right through the rainbow bridge. For a second Yaël was hopeful. Maybe Loki would make it in time, before they all got killed. Luckily, the spaceship was already able to fly away, as machine-gun-guy had destroyed the spear that was holding the ship back.
“Aunt May?” he calls out, but once again there’s no answer. Peter sighs, shaking his head and standing up once more to grab the book he had selected as the first one. Then he quickly makes a search for the second one, as well. After that, he goes to bed, reading a bit through them but finding nothing really that catches his interest other than his mother and Mr. Stark apparently being good friends. That surprises him a bit, but he doesn’t dwell too much on it.
When Peter suddenly announces that he needs to leave after getting a phone call, Miles watches him go with mild confusion. The others don’t seem too bothered by it so he’s learned not to ask too many questions. Though, one day if he isn’t careful he’s going to follow Peter around to see just what he’s up to whenever he runs off. Not that he doesn’t trust him; it’s more that curiosity of his that gets the better of him.
,” FRIDAY noted. Yaël sighed.
“Can’t I just look at my boyfriend for a little bit?” Steve asks innocently.
Maybe they don’t need to crash, after all. For a moment, he had actually forgotten that he’s Spider-man.
“That’s all I need. And Tony, you love Steve, right? You try to pretend that you’re over it, that you don’t care about it. But I know you care, I know you miss him every day and every night. So be honest with yourself right now…”
That’s Mr. Stark’s voice! Peter opens his eyes, seeing Iron Man hurrying towards him with that usual blunt stare the mask gives off. But Peter is sure that, behind that helmet, the man looks scared, terrified. Peter holds up an arm, reaching out towards Mr. Stark, but slowly beginning to fear that he might have miscalculated by a few seconds. How far is he until he hits the ground?
He seemed to be glad when they entered her apartment and Yaël’s concentration surrendered itself.
in the morning, you only
Wade shrugged and followed her through a blurred glass door with a big wooden handle to push it open. It immediately led to a hallway with an old elevator to the right and the stairs in front of them. Yaël pressed the button to summon the car and waited.
“It’s none of your business, Rhodes,” Tony snaps. Rhodey doesn’t accept that answer.
Tony’s been working day in and day out. It’s understandable why, though, with needing to help out Peter with his lack of hearing. The fact is that Tony can’t help his son if he’s exhausted, which is why Steve literally has to carry Tony to bed when the first signs of exhaustion come up.
FRIDAY responds. Not even five seconds after that, the door flies open and Johnny walks in with a scarf around his throat and a bonnet on his head. Even from where Peter is standing, he can see that the boy's not well.
It took a bit of convincing, but eventually everybody seemed to agree it might do him good to just take some time off and spend it in another country.
“Mr. Parker, I do hope that you’ve finished the assignment you were given? Or have you been too busy distracting Mr. Leeds, here?” the woman asks. She’s an old prune, probably nearing the sixties with grey hair that is always put up. Peter thinks for a moment, needing to recall which class this actually is.
“What?” he speaks out, a bit surprised that she’s actually done it. “Show me!”
“We’ve both lost so many people in life. If somebody could help me find a long lost family member, I’d want them to help me, too,” she says. After opening the door, Peter follows her out. In front of Dr. Cho’s office they stop, and Peter frowns as he looks down. Won’t it be too suspicious if he’d come back that quickly? Surely, there’s no way she’d know the blood sample is from here, but still, he’s barely been gone for half an hour, and they’re far enough away from the city to know that Peter couldn’t have swung his way there and back in that small amount of time. That, and there are no freaking buildings nearby to swing from.
After a little while, Steve stopped in front of a door.
“I’m not exactly that talented, Mr. Stark.”
“We’ve all lost people,” Steve counters sadly. Tony then shakes his head and turns his gaze to the side, suddenly unable to look at Steve. That hypocrite.
“You have no idea,” he gets out. “Just… I’m sorry if I’m not such good company in the upcoming few days. I’m already missing the rest of the semester because of this stupid disease in my head.”
“Michelle?”
“Yeah, or at least I was, until you suddenly came to stand in front of me! If I’m late, it’s your fault,” she mutters. Peter’s mouth falls open, and he tries to answer but can’t manage to get anything passed his lips. He wouldn’t know what to say anyway. He comes to stand up instead once all the books are from the ground, and then ends up staring right into the dark greenish-brown eyes of the girl.
part of the Avengers…” Steve acknowledges, having read it before in Tony’s files. “You got kidnapped, built yourself a super-suit and broke yourself free… When did we meet, then?”
“Oh, hi dads! Did you three have fun?” Peter asks, quickly reaching towards Annie and taking her over from Steve.
The Avengers are still standing, though barely. Vision is knocked out – Tony can’t imagine how it must have hurt, having the stone ripped out of his head like that – and Clint’s missing in action somewhere. They know he’s alive; he’s left signs. But were he is, nobody knows.
“Steve, could you maybe ask Barton to head over to Rhodey’s to take over dogsitting? We need the guy here.”
- Peter being dumb
” Steve asks, curiously.
“Peter Parker?” he hears some students whisper.
“If I knew what I was dealing with, things would have gone much easier,” Bruce then adds.
“He- uh… he told me, after I- you know,” Sharon admits. “Said that you were together, that he couldn’t do it to you. Then he started crying, because he thought he lost you.”
“Peachy,” Tony returns. Steve rolls his eyes, pulling on his hand and stopping them in their tracks.
“He’s been living here all week,” Wanda explains, but obviously leaving out a few details. She probably figures it’s not her place to talk about this. Instead, she pulls him along the moment Cap starts to walk away, probably on his way to meet Vision. Peter’s eyes still make brief contact with Mr. Stark’s when the man looks up, and a strange feeling passes through him after that.
“I suppose his reaction of annoyance can be another end-result of the combination from the medication and the alcohol,” Vision explains, stating the obvious again. Peter groans in frustration. They’re just doing that to annoy him. Tony laughs again, though Vision just seems confused because of Peter’s reaction.
in the compound but have an apartment somewhere in New York. Mostly, though, they return to San Francisco to see Scott’s daughter Cassie every two weekends (Peter met her once, and she’s probably too adorable for words!).
“I’ll explain later, okay?”
So while Shuri starts up a conversation with Rhodey – something about his injury and helping him out – MJ leans towards Peter to give him a reassuring look. Peter smiles at her, taking her hand to squeeze her fingers shortly before letting go of her again.
FRIDAY answers. Sassy girl, Tony snorts before going to the turnabout-thing. It looks a bit out of place, as if it’s much newer than the other stuff. After a slight pull, he understands that it’s probably been installed much later.
“Peter!”
“Dude, you sure you’re able to swing around like this. I think there’s something bleeding there,” Miles points out while nodding towards the rip in the suit where he thinks he can see something red and wet.
“So, what’s the problem then?”
Within a second, Yaël was steering water into her hand, froze it in her fist into a sharp shape and started throwing these pieces of ice, one by one against the cracks she was making with the rocks she was steering with her other hand. To be able to keep making ice, Yaël needed to distract some water from her own body. Which made her, by the time the glass shattered into pieces, dehydrated, cold and exhausted.
Peter thinks back of the first three weeks back at the tower, where he’d ask the same question daily in the hope that he would one day show up. At the beginning, of course, FRIDAY didn’t tend to answer him at all. Ever since discovering who Peter really is, she seems to have changed a lot.
“You serious?” Peter can understand Johnny’s surprise. It’s never really by Peter’s own free will that he agrees to come along. The fact that Johnny didn’t even have to try and convince him must be quite the shock. But even Peter doesn’t know why he’s decided to join. In his mind, he knows it’s a bad idea, but there’s like some small part of him that is telling him to go anyway.
