Watson reached into the back seat, one hand still on the wheel, and tossed the coat over his lap. Disgruntled by having something thrown at him, he was tempted to throw it right back, even if Watson was driving.
“We did meet in town,” Sherlock agreed, his mouth tipping up on one side. “Not sure that explains you breaking down my door and helping yourself to a pot of tea though.”
Wilkes was smiling, and moving the cigarette between his fingers, playing with it.
“Are you on the ‘English mum’ setting?” John muttered as the tea was poured and delivered to his podside via the in-ship bot. Some of it was spilt on John’s hand, which John suspected was rather on purpose. The Hudson only tsked at him in response, as if he was the one who’d been careless.
John sighed, aggrieved. “Okay. Fine. To be honest, I in fact had a bit of a…” John trailed off, pressing his index finger to his lips, before biting the bullet. “Well. A crush.”
Sherlock’s appearance was altered in that moment, almost feral with their lips pulled back, and their face underlit by the projection of the game board. It might have made another man wonder if the way Sherlock had acted all along had simply been a portrayal of humanity, and whether this was Sherlock’s true face now surfacing.
“Yes?” William sounded confused, and a bit defensive.
“You think he left without me,” John states in a flat tone.
Trying to hide his confusion, he attempted to continue smiling. Was he simply bad at reading reactions? Was John just a bit stunned?
“Out…?” John repeated. “You mean, how long were you not talking with your eyes closed? It’s only been a few seconds.”
He rubs his hands up Sherlock’s back, and Sherlock is still somehow managing to grip his forearms, until he reaches up to pull Sherlock’s scarf out of the way enough to suck at his neck, as he’s always, always wanted to.
The wanker. Literally. The man had called a video interpreter service while naked, and now John understood
“Well, it’s your life. So, fine, do whatever -” John stumbled, retreating into the hallway, and closing the door behind him so hard it rattled the frame.
John felt the urge to ask if he should say the word again, just to be sure, but cleared his throat instead.
“Conclusion: there’s something you aren’t mentioning, there have been more odd events than just Howard’s disappearance. However, you only sought out help now, meaning these things didn’t distress you enough to act previously.  What those odd incidents might be I haven’t the faintest, but I have a strong suspicion they are related to your very recently deceased husband,” Sherlock concludes, in his usual rapid-fire pace.
At once, John felt hot with anger; his blood was pumping, and his chest seared white-hot with pain.
the man replied, as if it truly should have been obvious to John.
“Or perhaps with the police?”
smell? God, what did he look like right now? He swivels his eyes back to his own reflection in the glass while his hands fly to his hair, touching his curls, smoothing them down. Hair still largely in order, a few loose strands – though, why did it matter? He didn’t care what people on the tube thought of him. Or what people in general thought of him.
Which was how Sherlock found himself in John’s window. He had lasted a week. If four days were considered a week, which was maybe one of those things John would have disagreed with. John was sleeping peacefully, unmoving. There was nothing to see. He would leave shortly. In a bit.
“You are not otherwise hurt?” Watson asked, genuine concern evident in his tone.
Stepping out into the small hallway, John opened the only other door on the second floor. On the other side was a small bathroom, which managed to fit a porcelain sink, a claw-foot tub, a toilet, and an impressive collection of what John assumed were homemade washing supplies. The sink and shelf above it were packed to the brim with them, and several bottles needed to be moved out of the way just to use the taps, so he could splash cold water onto his face. John regretted not bringing any other clothes with him, but resigned himself to a wash in the sink to freshen up.
John wasn’t sure they were on the right track till they zipped past the marshes he’d visited with Archie. From there, it was two steps, and Sherlock’s castle could be seen just over a dip in the moor.
“Sorry, what’s that?” John asks, flipping the top of his newspaper down to reveal his face.
Sherlock’s attention turned from the gate, and in the distance, he caught sight of what they had been seeking. He shot off like a gun, shouting for John to follow. Neck and neck, they chased after their next big adventure, with the former frame of a house fading into irrelevance behind them.
The Colonel also bid them adieu, though with much more class, and glancing at Sherlock specifically in sympathy. The man obviously had a false understanding of his character, helped along by the newspaper articles.
“I told them I don’t know who it could be. I had assumed Mary was alone.”
He overanalyzed conversations, looking for how they might derail. Any discussion of the ocean was to be nipped in the bud, as talk of the sea could lead to talk of boating, which could lead to accidents, which could lead to drowning.
“Sentiment,” Sherlock said, spinning away from the windows, just managing to take stock of the fire’s progress through the house. “The true motive. You killed Mary out of sentiment.”
“You must not say that,” Lestrade pleaded.
And he supposed he finally had his answer to the question of whether John could ever forget Mary.
Sherlock let out a long exhale through his nose, turning his head towards the dying fire. “They won’t even remember that there was a before.”
“Well, if the wood isn’t rotted, the crane will put it onto the lighter to take it to Kerrith. Then they’ll drain it in a bay and get the doctor to examine the body.”
He went to the window, the one he had seen Magnussen standing in front of. He could hear the sound of the sea through the shutters. He swung them open, and could confirm that it was the same window he’d seen Moriarty and Magnussen in half an hour ago. He opened the shutters further, until the daylight filled the room. It shone off a case on the bed, lying on the pillow, and the glass dressing table, and the perfume bottles.
“In the event that there is no evidence one way or another to confirm her state of mind,” Sherlock deduced, slowly, as if just waking from a deep sleep. “They can conclude suicide.”
They both lay there for a beat, facing upwards. The tops of the trees were still not visible.
“Mr Watson, I presume,” the man said crisply, with mild amusement. Now that he could hear him better, he could tell without a doubt that the accent was Danish.
“Someone who had intended to murder wouldn’t feel this kind of regret. And you’re not stupid enough to have premeditated such an easily unearthed crime,” Sherlock said confidently, his strength returning to him in the face of John’s doubt.
John barely had to wait more than a few seconds before he had his response. Taking in another long inhale, he read the message.
She sits quietly at a small folding table and motions for John to sit across from her. Tea has already been prepared and set out. He might as well be visiting Mrs Hudson.
At least he was finally able to hear them speak.
“Maybe, but then why so quick to blame the house and its supposed hauntedness for your recent dilemma? No, someone else’s sentiment, whose wishes you respect. Your late husband’s I suspect, whom I’ve noticed in several family photographs around the living room.”
Unable to contain himself any longer, John snickered. The next thing he knew, he was in a fit of shoulders raised, fist covering his mouth, body-shaking laughter. Sherlock regarded him in open confusion for a moment before joining in with a deep, resonating chuckle.
“It’s hardly the same, I’m never thinking about what electric burns look like on a corpse versus a living body, or the change in the speed of a bullet as it goes through plywood, or any of the stuff you’re ever thinking about.”
Two and three quarters, surely. To be clear—his voice drops low—I’m not referring to my fruit and veg intake.
It seemed his foolish fear of being measured against Mary by the staff had not been foolish at all.
John pulled off, making a particularly indecent slurping sound, and raised his hand upwards. Sherlock, thankfully reading his intent, bent forward. John lightly outlined Sherlock’s lip with one finger, before Sherlock understood and obliged him by opening his mouth. Sherlock sucked on the digit, imitating what John had been doing a moment ago to his cock. Sherlock’s tongue lapped at the end of his finger, sending a sharp, heady desire through John that went straight to his own neglected cock.
“Yes, I’ve told all of them that while the Misseurs Watson appreciate the interest in their well-being during this difficult time, you would not be receiving calls for at least the next several days.”
He drew in a shaky, rattling breath, despite already knowing that this was what Moriarty had been working towards. The syringe in the case in his hand had already declared his intention. He had come the West wing knowing this. He had come here to hear this, and to listen to why he should go through with it.
, of course, Wilkes always did know how to put a fine point on things. He wasn’t part of the same world as the Watsons and Wilkeses. He’d been living a fantasy, nothing more, and it had always had an expiry date.
If the purpose of John’s traveling had been the search for a distraction, Sherlock certainly delivered. John’s dreams for a year had featured Mary’s cruel parting words, the pain of her bullet through his shoulder, and the image of her blood seeping out onto their cottage floor. Now John’s sleep, and waking hours, were filled with thoughts of high cheekbones and witty remarks, and how those cheeks looked when flushed.
“I’m sorry to hear it,” the man said with faux gravity. “No callers? Just us?” The man tutted, and brought the hand still in his grip up to his mouth.
“You know, I think I was wrong about you,” Harry asserted, completely ignoring his defence. “You are a bit like her after all.”
John, at long last, stepped back towards him. The movement was gradual, almost experimental. John’s eyes roved over his face, searching. “What are you talking about?” John asked. “Why would you think that?”
John decided to take his chances with the third choice. He had to believe the confrontation would be in the same place. The restaurant had been the same after all, and even Sherlock’s one-liner had been identical. John would be faster if he got to the college first. Maybe Sherlock would exhibit some actual intelligence this time around by pulling out of the game, instead of taking the damn pill. It’s not like the cabbie even had a real gun.
Archie pondered that for awhile, with a small frown on his face. Then, slamming both his palms against the table, “I remember reading about that once!”
John laughed against his lips, a sweet high-pitched giggle. “God, that is mad,” John murmured back. “I’m absolutely mad, aren’t I?”
A breath of relief escaped him when John finished and returned to his seat, but they still needed to hear from the boat builder. The one person involved in this who would not be pleased with the outcome Sherlock desired, which was that the boat had just not been up to the task.
A tell-all from Janine. Who had, briefly, lived at Baker Street. With Sherlock. While John had been away.
the man parroted back at him. His one daintily arched eyebrow nearly shouted that he was enjoying John’s discomfort, and was also likely taking the piss.
“Mmm, yes sir,” Moriarty replied benignly, before finally moving to take his leave.
“Are you quite finished overreacting?” Sherlock asked, rising languidly from the floor. “I noticed you don’t have any weapons on board.”
Lestrade was well and truly taken aback. He couldn’t help but grin in the face of his expression. He did enjoy being a bit scandalous, truth be told.
. It couldn’t be possible that John didn’t think Sherlock loved him, that John didn’t know it every day, see it pouring out from him every second.
“Did you have a little domestic?” it asked, adding an extra sugar ration as if to soften the blow.
He wondered if while John looked away, John was able to imagine he was dancing with Mary once more, or if his own too-tall frame and curveless form prevented the illusion.
He dismissed this idea as soon as it formed. People often did not respond well to his good intentions. He supposedly went about things the ‘wrong way’. Why would this situation be any different? And what did he care of a famous widower’s comfort?
Sherlock’s reply to John was to tilt his head even further forward, and to press his closed mouth against John’s in a delicate approximation of a kiss, before recoiling backwards so quickly that it may have given him whiplash.
-girlfriend, Michaela.” John laughed, covering his face with his hand, hoping they wouldn’t have to dwell on her for too much longer. “Mike, as we called her. Mike Stamford. She was an old friend from uni, but I promise I won’t be seeing much of her any more.”
, all that mattered was that John didn’t
“For you, it would sound closest to…. Sherlock,” they said, with an odd hesitance. John didn’t understand how this Sherlock would have an English name, or how they knew what their actual name sounded like in a tongue they had apparently endeavoured to forget. John wondered quite a few things actually, but didn’t ask.
“We don’t have a car, we can’t actually do a real stakeout. There’s no sign of anybody. Why don’t we go into the house, quickly, quietly, keep the lights off, and wait in there, hmm?” John says, beginning to rock back and forth to get the feeling back into his legs.
“Sherlock!” John called out.
“Oh, don’t think you can pull the wool over my eyes. I’ve seen you leaving here each morning at the same time, dressed to the nines. And don’t think I haven’t noticed you stealing my hair dryer. Usually we’re lucky if you change into a robe and pajamas! Don’t you think I don’t know what that means,” Mrs Hudson pats his shoulder, clucks her tongue, and leaves behind a plate of biscuits.
Watson leaned further forward on their table, as if to emphasize the importance of his stance. “Holmes, the Colonel was an ill-tempered brute with a long held grudge against our sailor, and who thought his own wife an easily fooled simpleton. I believe you are making that mistake as well, I might add, and are not giving her enough credit. I suspect she is a co-conspirator. Regardless, Sampson’s motives were pure at heart, and his actions were spurred by loyalty and affection.”
John tries to look as sympathetic as possible, and as Sherlock has drifted out of the living room into what is presumably the connecting hallway, realizes he’ll need to take the reins of the interview.
“The thing is John, upper management’s been on my back a bit about getting answers about the bot malfunctions,” Greg said, apologetic tone clear even through the low quality of the video feed. “Maybe take some readings in the areas where the bots have been breaking down? Just so I have something to report back.”
“Oh my God,” John said, though not in the way Sherlock had been hoping. “You! It was you, this whole damn time!”
“Okay, sorry.” John sighed, somewhat relieved. “Sex guide extraordinaire.”
“What?” John asked, the volume of his voice dropping immediately.
The windows are shut, the front door is locked, there’s a bloody dianthus on the table, there’s a dead dog on the floor, and Sherlock.
Sherlock was relieved to find John hadn’t been watching him when he’d come back to reality. He didn’t know how much his body had responded to the acts within his head, nor did he want to find out. Even if there had been no signs, it was somewhat difficult to face John so soon after.
John nodded once. “There’ll be an Inspector with us as well.”
“Jim Moriarty,” the man said. “Welcome to Manderley.”
He cringed at the sound, and at what he knew was about to come. Would no one save them from Sebastian’s speeches?
That stopped John’s bad film in its tracks, though only served to make him look more confused. “Sorry, not like what?”
“John, listen mate,” Greg speaks in a low voice, as if trying to not to startle a wild animal. “I know you’ve got knocked in the head and are probably a bit disoriented, and got a little turned around by everything, and I know you’re worried about him, but isn’t the most logical answer right in front of you?”
“Well, if that was all, I’d rather not watch you strip anyone of their powers. I’ll be on my way. Unless you intend to keep me from warning Sherlock.”
“Yeah, I sort of got that impression after I found out she shot you. And then again, when she made it clear she would have shot you again had you not projected her face onto the bloody building.”
At Montague Street when Sherlock was forced to sate his body’s needs, he was at least able to wander about the flat as much as he pleased.
“You are,” he insisted, “I’ve made you unhappy, which is the same as making you angry. God,
Until the other shoe dropped.
“Let the Colonel come,” Sherlock said. “I’m aware of the consequences. You said you’d bring him, and David.”
The next question period hit on a slow Sunday when they were both sitting together in the living room.
The Colonel held out the diary and directed Murray’s attention to the telephone number and name, which Murray confirmed had once been his. Sherlock exchanged a glance with John, and felt strangely certain the thought had both occurred to them that Mary might have used a false name. In fact, it was very likely.
Their silence was interrupted again by the shrill tone of the telephone in the adjacent room. John moved to answer it this time without meeting Sherlock’s eyes, once again closing the door behind him. While Sherlock’s fear of Mary may have been gone, there was now a new dread growing within him. Could they escape this? Could he protect John from the law? Or, could the world really be this cruel - now that he could have John, would John be taken away from him?
Sherlock drew in a short breath, hoping to find signs of it being a bluff, and coming up short. If Magnussen had actual proof that Mary hadn’t -- but then why would he come to them first rather than the authorities, if he wasn’t willing to make a deal? There was still hope then.
“Sherlock—” John attempted to object, before he was distracted by a tingling sensation everywhere Sherlock's fingers had touched. He could feel his skin changing, loosening, and his bones shifting till they ached.
Sherlock stepped forward with caution, wondering if that grinning face would appear from behind the constantly moving material.
“John,” Sherlock said, reaching for the control on the bed, and raising himself to a reclined position. “I’m—I want to be honest. With you. Like I said before I drifted off.”
PHEW here's another one ~ Thanks as always to Soli !
John washed his hair earlier, and without any product in it now the long bit hangs down in front of his face. Sherlock brushes it back, then lets it fall again. Push. Fall. Push. Fall.
“Not needed, and besides, it’s not in this country,” he replied, grinning. Would John remember, and be able to figure it out from that clue?
Oh, Sherlock says. Oh.
John reached for his hand to hold lightly, and shrugged his shoulders. “That settles it of course,” he said. “Lestrade, you will have to go ahead with the arrangements, and I suppose you’d better get Moriarty to help you. He knows the drill.”
Stamford had the first view of the criminal of the hour. His reaction of choice was a sharp intake of breath in recognition, which had Watson reaching for his pistol.
“Oh, is that Moriarty still with you then?” asked Lady Norton. “What a capable resource that one is.”
> Oi.
“Between you and me,” Greg said in a lower voice, “I don’t know why we’re still routing it. Never seen anything of use on it, have we? And I am sorry about the long outpost John. You must be bored stiff out there.”
“The buoy is still there in the little harbour, so there used to be a boat moored there,” he stated, rather than continue with that thought.
He couldn’t tell if Watson was mocking him or not. He was in earnest, and knew that he would not be able to stand it if he was being trifled with. Did Watson genuinely want to know?
The second day John woke to spiders overhead, there were clothes in his size laid out at the foot of the bed, including a warm black jacket with leather detail on the shoulders. When questioned, Sherlock claimed the cost of the clothes had been covered by John’s share of the payment they’d received the day before. The clothes at least seemed to bear signs of a previous owner, so John was assured Sherlock hadn’t broken the bank for him. John didn’t know when Sherlock would have had the time to buy him clothes, but didn’t press him further.
Watson smiled with relief, and Sherlock was led to the center of the room, where the dancers might have congregated had there been a pianoforte on hand in this room. Watson waited for the start of the jig across the hall, and then they were off.
> It wasn’t a criticism.
Sherlock was trailing his hand up Janine’s leg, his long fingers sliding further, skirting the edge of the shirt, rising up. Those fingers, those beautiful slender fingers, disappearing, Janine gasping when John imagines they slide home.
“About telling the exploration company,” John said, “did you think I would?”
That morning, John learned that seven league boots were not boots at all, and much more like slippers that were worn over top of one’s shoes, and which allowed their wearers to travel seven leagues in two steps. John also gathered that these boots and their unique magic were an invention of Sherlock’s, which was why they were in so much demand.
Out of habit, Sherlock hands the keys to John once he’s finished, which John pockets. The hallway straight ahead from the front door, which had seemed mostly kitschy with its old weathered wallpaper during the daytime, now looks more ominous than it has any right to be.
John’s eyes met his across the room.
“He snuck into the party in the night like a criminal - how far up did you say he was in the government?”
,” John cut himself off, wagging his finger in Sherlock’s general direction. “I was asking you why you were looking him up. You can’t distract me, Sherlock.”
Sherlock is now completely thrown. “How - ? Did Mycroft tell you?”
The woman held one gloved finger up to her lips to indicate silence, then turned on her heel. After putting Sherlock down onto the floor, John followed after her along a carpeted hall. There was no sound aside from their steps, and Sherlock’s soft panting. John stole glances down at the dog padding along next to him during their long walk, wondering what Sherlock’s plan was.
“So where are your parents now?” John asked, imagining a painful split, dividing the family line —but then, maybe he was projecting.
John’s pace increased once Sherlock was holding onto him like a limpet, the change causing Sherlock’s cock to rub harder against John’s abdomen. He ground up into John, moaning, feeling completely filled and perfect. As John’s movements grew more fevered in his oncoming orgasm, Sherlock met his thrusts with enthusiasm, wanting desperately to see John come inside of him for the first time. John grunted once, murmuring “Sherlock” under his breath, and finished with a groan exhaled against the underside of Sherlock’s jaw.
“Does anyone know?” he asked, his eyes snapping open to look into John’s vaguely concerned, and now startled face. This was the most crucial detail. Wilkes’ loud mouth had reminded him - John’s suffering had been interpreted by everyone as grief of the most devoted nature. Even he had been fooled. This could be used to their advantage. “Does anyone else know?”
John wasn’t yelling any more, but he still didn’t look happy, even after Sherlock had apologized and promised. Sherlock still couldn’t tell what John made of him being like
“Do you? I suppose you wouldn’t mind. Maybe even prefer it? The bedroom in the big suite is twice as large as this, did you know? A very beautiful room, with a scrolled ceiling. The tapestry chairs, the carved mantelpiece. And the windows look down across the lawns to the sea. Can you imagine it? Mrs – Oh, I mean, Mr Watson’s previous room was the most beautiful in the house.”
The choice was a simple one. John had been forcing admissions from Sherlock for weeks now, and he’d be damned if he wasn’t going to take advantage of an initiated confrontation.
John’s panic shifted to steadiness in the face of a situation he could strategize. His first instinct was to run straight for the cloud, except he knew he might need something from the Hudson. He reboarded, not bothering to take his suit off, and returned to the living area.
“Well, we’re quite the pair," Watson commented idly, filling in the silence once more. "I get the impression I feel the same way about my sibling as you do about yours, and I haven't much else family beyond that. Alone in the world. I think I should congratulate Wilkes, you’re cheap at ninety pounds a year.”
An opportunity to explore that particular case presented itself as his car returned to Manderley, following his disagreeable visit with the bishop’s wife. He spied a grey-haired figure walking up the road in the drive, alone. John’s longest employed and most trusted servant was as good as any a place to start.
While John appreciated the gesture, his pride did not. “I’m fine." Out of habit, he leaned on his right leg as he stood.
And so began his new life at Manderley. The first morning, he awoke to find an empty space where John had once been, up early to oversee Manderley's business. With his duties long neglected on his travels, John was busier with the estate than he'd ever been before. He wasn't surprised to find John gone early, though a part of was miffed by it. John had insisted the day before that he did not need to rise at the same time as him - John’s affairs would bore him to tears, apparently, and John believed that he would make for poor company while occupied with it.
The pain had returned in full. It had been too optimistic of him to think that his curse could be managed just from being near Sherlock’s magic, even if it seemed weaker in his presence.
The pain was always present, but night was when the wound just below his shoulder felt flayed open, the experience akin to prying fingers digging into a sore. Even if he did sleep, he was sure to wake in a cold sweat during the night. His chest would ache, and from there, the pain traveled down the left side of his body, till his hand and leg shook with it.
“Proof?” David asked. “Well, what proof would you need? Watson punched my associate in the face I might mention!”
“The author let me live then,” John managed to comment, before bursting into a coughing fit. A cup of water was lifted to his parched mouth.
Sherlock didn’t respond, and remained silent throughout the entire process.
Moriarty had entertained someone in the morning room, but neither of them had been seated? He understood that was not how things were done. But then, a servant entertaining while the masters were not in the house was definitely not the done thing either. It was time for him to see if he could catch up with Moriarty’s little tour.
There was a long pause, which made him wonder if Sherlock had really grown bored of their conversation after all, before Sherlock responded.
Sherlock swiveled on his heel, facing John once more. “What is your curse, if you don’t mind me asking? What are the effects?”
The implication of this hit him like a bucket of ice water. He entered Wilkes’ suite with a dull ache in his heart, which only grew when he saw Wilkes was entirely packed. Wilkes however appeared to be in an excellent mood, and only became more ecstatic after catching sight of him standing in the doorway.
John’s breath escaped in a rush, almost a laugh. Pink was certainly about to be his colour, John thought, but decided to leave it there. He couldn’t quite believe that he had actually texted Sherlock Holmes even if, much like the conclusion of the last novel, the conversation between them had ended anticlimactically. At least John knew Sherlock didn’t have the suitcase yet.
“Well, there’s only one thing for that then,” John said, turning back towards the living area. “Time to start you on films.”
“You meant that as a friend before,” Sherlock protested, and then quickly, stumbling over the words, “I love you, as well. Which you already knew. Going by that logic.”
“I mean that ‘John’ isn’t exactly straying too far from the first page of the baby names book. That, and I’m just some bloke.”
“We shall slip into the room just before the time of meeting, easily done as the assembly will be in the room across the hall. And we will have Captain Watson with us, in the event there is an altercation.”
His head was soon bracketed by John’s arms, with John’s mouth on his lips, and then his neck. It was rather like his dream John come to life, the mist surrounding them only lending credence to that impression. They were in their own little world for this one precious moment, and he couldn’t quite believe their incredibly good, and bad, fortune.
What did you with my shampoo? My hair is completely ruined!”
The woman was so domineering, it was hard not to concede her point. It was a rather grand idea. He would look good in that suit, and it was the best painting at Manderley. And with a wig, John might not recognize him at first. He imagined descending the stairs in a well cut white suit with his hair in soft blond curls, and John momentarily wondering ‘who is that?’. He had wanted to surprise him.
“We don’t have a garden of course, and I doubt you’d really be interested in
There was first an anteroom with a sofa, chairs, and writing desk. This opened onto to a double bedroom with wide windows, complete with an attached bathroom. The room was warm colours, furniture that was meant to be used, and light pouring through the windows. A plaid throw over an armchair, which he could imagine John sinking deep into with a book, while he sat at the desk by the window writing his notes. There was even a music stand by the desk, obviously intended as an invitation for his violin playing. He could tell by smell that a rose garden was beneath the window, and this was the eastern side of the terrace he had partially seen. The woods would be in the distance. John had planned ahead, and had known exactly how to take such a large overwhelming place, and create a little corner just for them. His heart swelled with the knowledge.
“Okay,” John said, ignoring Sherlock’s bad mood and crouching down on his heels. “And what have you used it to print, besides itself?”
“No,” he said, keeping his face turned away. “No, it was not very nice.”
“Happy Valley suits it,” he decided. “In its own idiotic way.”
> Ha. I knew it! Fingering emergencies ARE real.
His earlier frantic urgency faded away. At once, he did not want to ask Lestrade any more. He had seen this as a game, a puzzle, thinking out the circumstances and how the death had transpired. John had -
When she had voiced the opposite opinion he hadn’t known what to make of it. He still didn’t.
“Good enough for our purposes,” Sherlock murmurs, sweeping past him down the hallway.
His head thumped back against the headboard. “Then I’ll be out shortly.”
John had fallen asleep with his front pressed warmly up against a long, thin back, but by the next morning he is empty handed. There is, however, a cup of tea and the day’s newspaper laid out on the bedside table.
“She reacted … badly, in a word, to the rabbit dying. It’s possible she was upset that the pregnancy test might have killed it. I was still green to the procedure at the time, and assumed I had botched the injection. However, she wouldn’t let me try again. She left almost immediately after the fact, and she was…. well, very upset.”
“A moving scarecrow!” Archie said, awed.
Sherlock gave a short nod.
That at least was true.
He could still hear the sea, even further up the path. He could understand now why John didn’t like the right path, or that cove. He was finding he didn’t particularly like them either.
He assumed the man had returned to his own little world, but the fisherman had turned to stare at him.
His eyes were drifting closed, and the bed looked remarkably comfortable. And John slept on the left side, not the middle. Almost as if he were waiting for someone to fill in the right. Yet, John never brought any of his women back to the flat. Probably because he didn’t want them meeting Sherlock.
The gossip in the papers unfortunately took its toll on everyone. Lestrade, for one, seemed to visibly regret being required to leave them out with breakfast, and who in particular was beginning to look rather haggard as time and rumour continued on. The master of Manderley being in bad form had a way of trickling down and impacting everyone associated with the estate. The servants, and even the farmers, being dragged into the mess with them did not make it any easier. Especially not for John.
John reasoned that Sherlock was aware of his blog—in fact, it was the first thing Sherlock had ever seen of him—ergo, if Sherlock was interested, he would read said blog to check if John had written about him. It’s what John would have done, as evidenced by his somewhat alarming habit of refreshing Sherlock’s blog webpage every twenty minutes.
“Good evening, Mr Moriarty,” the Colonel said, “I’m afraid I will need to interview you on a sensitive subject, namely your previous mistress. To your knowledge, what was the relationship between the late Mrs Watson and this man here?” he asked, gesturing to David.
Sherlock opened his mouth slightly, and pulled back his lips till his sharp teeth could press in. Sherlock, embarrassingly, gnawed for a moment without effect, before gathering himself and pushing through.
John was soon shrouded in more displaced blue dust as Sherlock joined him, shouting his name as they slid to the bottom. “John!
“Never mind him,” he replied, absently petting Gladstone. “He hates weddings anyway.”
“A mysterious stranger,” he murmured to Gladstone, his only audience, “and I thought it was going to be boring around here.”
“Oh, your handkerchief,” Lestrade said, bending to pick something up that had fallen on the floor. He held out his hand to receive it, and hastily returned it to the pocket. He wondered if this was Lestrade’s way of saying he might want to dry his eyes.
His earlier enthusiasm about a mysterious stranger now seemed foolhardy.
But all his conversations over the last few weeks, telling John that he would give him the surprise of his life. John at dinner saying he looked cold, distant.
Supervision.
When John’s eyes returned back upwards, Sherlock’s had finally stopped zig zagging across John’s face. Sherlock was now simply staring at him, unmoving.
“If you’re inside of it,” John said, eyes shining in the dark orange light of Manderley, “not a chance.” This time, Sherlock ducked down and kissed him instead.
“We’re being watched right now, John,” Sherlock interrupted. “There’s no avoiding that. I promise you the moment this is all over, I will fully return to being rude to the neighbours and carelessly defacing all of your property.”
This was more embarrassment than he had ever had to endure, even from Wilkes, but Watson responded at last.
Watson seemed to enjoy his conjecture about the future less than Sherlock had. His sharing it seemed to have only strengthened Watson’s intention to dispose of the contents of Sherlock’s morocco case.
“Are you saying you imagine me being present, even when I’m not here?” John asked slowly. “Is that …. is that why you’re always still talking to me as if I never left?”
John isn’t sure when he will stop being surprised by this new, more conscientious Sherlock, a Sherlock who can see that a woman grieving might need to believe all sorts of things to keep going.
“It wasn’t—really, I mostly thought about us being detectives. Or something. Like partners— business partners,” John rushed to clarify, blundering his way through his weak attempt. Christ, his flirting normally had a better exit strategy than that.
“You thought you could come here and actually be the new master of Manderley? You honestly thought you could take her place? You thought you could replace her, in his
John, Sherlock says, have you forgotten where we were?
“Many of the henchmen are powered by me,” the Royal Wizard confirmed. “But their orders are from the government. They’re meant to capture witches and wizards practicing dark magic, and with recent escalations with the war, now also those that are evading active service. There is an unsurprising amount of overlap, such as in the case of our friend
“Sebastian just decided yesterday, and it was all done in a hurry,” he responded, stubbornly facing away from John, contrary to his plans to savour their last moments.
Sherlock looks up at the underside of the platform and starts to laugh hysterically, shaking John on top of him, who begins to laugh as well.
Very organized, John says.
This was one of many moments that he never wanted to forget. Each detail on its own seemed innocuous, but in combination were all more than the sum of their parts. Watson’s warm presence beside him, the cool comfort of the leather seats, the edges of the map tugging in the wind – it was all oddly precious. It should never be lost, or felt less than how it currently felt. He closed his eyes tightly to try to attune his senses to the full experience. What were the sounds, the textures, the smells of this exact second – and if he knew them, and they stayed with him unchanged, maybe many years from now he could have it all again.
“So you never miss it?” Sherlock asked, still somewhat incredulous. He understood people got sentimental about things like their childhood, and entire family history.
> Well, I’m still exhausted. Don’t suppose you’re still working on that guide?
John, Harry, Clara, and Lestrade had assembled at the base of the stairs, and they were all staring at him in complete shock and silence. He hadn’t realized his choice would be truly that…. surprising?
While he might be in love with John, what exactly was John’s angle? An affluent man grieving for his beautiful and sophisticated wife, and he was meant to believe John wanted to marry him? A juvenile man with no social connections beyond his own brother?
He flipped open the diary. “It’s undeniably her handwriting,” Sherlock murmured, and continued his deductions within his own mind. Meticulous. Kept record of all her meetings and appointments. There were many that were labeled with false names. Mary, Mary, quite contrary. She certainly was hiding something - he hadn’t considered her secret life past the aspects that affected John’s future, but now he wondered what she had really been up to. Having multiple affairs - perhaps she had been covering a larger vice with a smaller one. He would need to think on it further.
His eyes felt itchy, and wet. From the rain he thought, rubbing at them irritably. Lestrade was standing in the hall collecting their coats after all, and he mustn’t see anything worth noticing. Not only was Lestrade his brother’s spy, he was also perfectly capable of gossiping in the servants’ hall. If Lestrade thought they were quarreling he could only imagine the talk. “Mr Watson’s husband was crying in the hall just now - things aren’t going very well, are they?”
Sherlock made dismissive hand gestures for each item. “All nonsense fabricated by humans, or who knows, maybe by our own people so we had easy ways to throw humans off the scent. Perhaps a combination of both. People who are different have to protect themselves.”
John was faced with three options. One, try to follow the cab. Two, follow Sherlock back to his flat. Or three, head them both off at the final destination, the Roland-Kerr Further Education College that the cabbie had taken Sherlock to in the book.
Two seconds passed that felt like two hours before John replied, “Yeah, of course.”
And so they stood together as a group, waiting. The silence stretched thin as Sherlock watched the Colonel watching John. He could tell the Colonel was beginning to wonder. John hadn’t noticed yet, but Colonel Barclay was asking himself if it were possible, if John Watson really had it in him.
He normally enjoyed this part more with Watson in the dark, as it allowed him to demonstrate his talents to a praising audience. However, now that Sherlock had told him ahead of time what to expect, Watson shot him a knowing, mischievous look. Sherlock found he liked that quite a bit more.
“As you may have already guessed, I wanted to journey into Earth’s territories to explore, but I underestimated the fuel required. I had to land on the nearest planet, and my ship had a rough landing.”
“John,” he heard himself saying, each time they broke apart. “We can’t lose each other. We need to stay together. Just the two of us, against everyone and everything else in this damn world.”
John had switched pronouns, now suggesting it was himself performing the acts, but the man on the video call didn’t seem to notice or care. Going by that soft sigh, he loved the attention, and more specifically the praise.
“Hopefully, Dr Davenshaw doesn’t mind us uncovering this treasure,” Greg says through his own coughing fit. The other officers still haven’t entered the room and clearly think it’s about time to leave. Greg motions with a tilt of his head and they clear out. He moves further into the dark room to stand next to John.
“All right?” John asked, simple and open.
“Do you understand me now?” John asked, in a voice almost low enough to be a whisper.
John’s head tilted backward slightly, with his face further scrunched in confusion. “What? No, God no. Christ Sherlock, have you been thinking that? Is that why you always get that - that  - look about it?”
He imagines John Watson makes a fantastic cuppa.
The man mimicked the motion, angling his head to be a mirror image of John’s. John suspected it was done unconsciously.
John’s breath didn’t return for quite some time, but when it did, he pointed out, “Well, I didn’t run away screaming,” making light of it with an easy smile. “Now what are you going to do?”
“Look, you’re not going to like this,” Greg replied after a delay, “but the powers that be want you to stay on longer this time. The cost of sending someone back and forth is starting to add up.”
John stumbled down after him, while attempting to get a better look at the inside of the cottage. Even through the windows, it appeared remarkably similar to the arrangement of the living room in the castle, with fireplace, worktable and all.
John still appeared unconvinced.
Exploring the universe could wait a couple more hours yet.
“Hudson!” John called, stepping into the ship’s main area when the antechamber door slid open. “Do we have anything like language education on board?”
How would he tell John he was leaving? Perhaps they would meet in the lounge, and they would exchange the awful formalities associated with polite farewells. There would be a pretense of writing each other no doubt. John would ask a passing waiter for a pen and paper to write down his address, as if that was needed, while he’d think, 'Four and a half more minutes to go. I shall never see him again.'
“You’d better do something Sherlock, before you start writing
This made him want to grind his teeth. John had made the room charming, he was quite sure this Jim had nothing to do with it.
And Sherlock winced. Not a shudder, not a shiver. A definite wince.
Everything below the waist was concealed by suds, but in some ways the absence of the more obvious parts lent an intimacy to the bare hollow of Sherlock’s throat, and his pink nipples, peaked from the air of the room. The steam from the bath and their proximity created a sense of sensuality, and—John attempted to steer his thoughts back into ‘friendly’ territory.
“You were afraid of losing me? Because we hadn’t had any cases? And because of - of - well, that?”
“No, no,” John repeated, already pulling on his suit jacket once more. “I’ll feel much better knowing you’re comfortable here with Gladstone, and up to one of your experiments.”
After many days of being harassed by the Queen’s guard, and their less than hospitable visit to the palace, John was feeling some resentment towards those wizards and their henchmen. “I wish they were a bit closer, actually. I’m resisting the urge to throw a brick through one of the windows.”
John didn’t even need to go outside to know where they were; the view from the windows was familiar enough.
Instead, he slid the envelope between the pages of the book, somewhere near the beginning. He slid the book into the inner pocket of his suit jacket, and closed his case. His door closed with similar finality. He hesitated in the hallway, looking towards the lift. John’s hotel room was a short ride up.
“Will you stay, John?” He hadn’t wanted to say that, but he couldn’t remember why. He couldn’t even imagine why. It felt wonderful to say. “Stay here with me?”
“How hard can making a few boots be?” John asked, looking towards Sherlock, feeling the weight of the purse. “I can help you, like we agreed.”
John kissed Sherlock with his wet mouth while continuing to get himself off, his movements fast and uncoordinated. Sherlock was still so close to him that, by accident, John rubbed briefly against Sherlock’s still hard cock. Sherlock gasped, and finally managed to use their additional arms to pull John back against them, both of them moaning as their cocks made contact.
“Yes, well,” Moriarty sighed. “It had
Anderson transformed as he calmed, almost seeming sensible. In fact, it seemed Anderson was now assessing him.
John expected the man’s hand below his waist to finally begin to move. But, the man surprised him again.
“Yes, and the jury decided on suicide,” David interjected, pushing past the Colonel to approach Murray. “- which we’re now here to settle. Mrs Watson would have never taken her own life, you see, and there is no known motive -”
John managed to overcome his incredible initial shock in time to grab Sherlock by the forearm, and without a second thought, pressed Sherlock back up against the wall. John slid his hand up Sherlock’s jaw, tilted Sherlock’s chin back down, and shifted upwards on his toes in a move he’d perfected during his many experiences with taller partners. This technique allowed for his mouth to fit against Sherlock’s at the perfect angle, pushing Sherlock gently against the wall behind his back, and which caused Sherlock’s lips to fall open in a soft
“You would not be in this car with me if you were,” Watson said. “And stop picking at our only map.”
“I suppose you think you know best, given that you’ve been working here for six years, and a half, I perceive.”
“Is your husband quite well Mr Watson?” Colonel Barclay asked.
John was right, he didn’t understand. Was this more of John’s guilt, for not sharing with him earlier that John could never love anyone else? He had just said none of that mattered! He had spared John the need to tell him those things, by facing and accepting them preemptively. What else could John mean?
“Oh,” Molly squeaked, effectively cut off at the knees.
, but it was the man’s words more than anything that drove him wild.
John replied, but had to first ask,
Sherlock looks as though he would have retorted more, but John takes his opportunity to lean further into his space and cup his chin in his hand and to whisper fervently, “If you don’t let me touch you right now Sherlock I swear –“
Sherlock supposed he was meant to be discouraging this, considering them being at odds with Mary’s servant would be evidence against them that they absolutely didn’t need. But John’s wrath fully focussed on a man who had forced him to suffer made his pulse race, warmth flooding his chest. He still wasn’t accustomed to the idea of John loving him like this, that even a fraction of what he himself felt was reciprocated. And he’d be lying if he said John’s anger wasn’t somewhat…. arousing.
Sherlock is gone.
“Well, I’m happy for you, whoever you are,” John told the guide. “You know what you like, and with someone as fastidious as you, I bet you’re getting it. From someone.”
“No, no,” Sherlock said, lowering his hand. “I’ve minorly inconvenienced them, is all. You’re not regretting the suggestion, are you?”
“Lovely fellows, I suppose?”
John ignored that last comment. “Well, I’m not. And I can’t believe—with the way you always know
If the latter, John had to admit they were somewhat successful.
Sherlock clears his throat.
You never know, it was 4 AM. The cabbie could have abducted you.
> What?
With his foot in the stirrup and his hand grasped in Watson’s, he was assisted onto the back of the horse. As the saddle was intended for one man rather than two, Sherlock found he was pressed against Watson’s back no matter how much he shifted and readjusted once seated.
John crossed the room in three strides, his unaided walking something Sherlock was still becoming used to. John grabbed hold of both his arms, turning Sherlock the way he needed him, before kissing him firmly, and then, repeatedly. At the prospect of that night being their last, John kissed him as if it was their first. The only sound in the room for quite some time was that of their laboured breathing, and the neglected phone ringing off its hook. John eventually pulled away and smiled, a touch wicked, and Sherlock felt his heart kick in his chest. If John never looked at him that way again, he thought he might just burn the world to the ground.
“What the hell are you doing?” John asked, and Sherlock quickly stepped back from Magnussen’s reach. John did not stop his brisk pace forward into the room, till they were all uncomfortably close to one another in the center of the library, John’s eyes never leaving Magnussen’s smiling face.
It was, however, a beautiful room. Moriarty had not been exaggerating that first afternoon when he had made all those remarks about his current wing. This was, without a doubt, the most beautiful room in Manderley. The mantelpiece was worth its weight in gold, the bedstead intricately carved, the curtain hangings only the finest of materials. Even the clock on the wall and the candlesticks upon the dressing table were better quality.
“Look, John!” Sherlock interrupted. “We’re about to have some company.”
A check in the mirror confirmed he’d been sloppy. Sherlock wiped at his mouth, and in the process smeared the mess across his left cheek.
His plans to make sure John did not notice were failing. John kept looking over at him. “I’ve bustled you down here rather quickly, haven’t I?" John commented. "I suppose we should have bought you more clothes in London. Well, we can always order in, can’t we?”
“Where are you going?” spoken in Sherlock’s most petulant voice, fainter than before.
Sherlock couldn’t understand much of anything, all of his deductions overlaying across the lines of John’s face, question marks scattered throughout.
“No, God no. But you see, I do know him fairly well, I've seen him through many ... moods. You need to understand, if he thought you were worrying about the past, it would distress him more than anything on earth. I can promise you that. He's looking very well, very fit, but Miss Harriet was quite right the other day when she said he had been on the verge of a breakdown last year, though it was tactless of her to say so in front of him. That's why you are so good for him. You need to forget it, as he has done, along with the rest of us. We none of us want to bring back the past. John least of all. And I hate to say it, but it's up to you, you know, to lead us away from it. Not to take us back there again.”
Without further comment, Sherlock twirled away and dashed up the stairs by the entrance. Which he then, slowly, returned back down. “Are you coming?”
, putting Murray and everyone else in the room on edge. Murray agreed to dig into his old files, and left briefly for the other adjoining room. He returned after with a case, which he then flipped through in front them, agonizingly slowly, till he reached the date of Mary’s death.
“I haven’t taken anything,” Anderson said, looking at Sherlock and John. “I swear, I haven’t gone in the cabin!”
He thought the man must have been joking, or confused, and yet Anderson seemed truly afraid. Anderson’s eyes were as manic as he remembered them, but he could see the man was harmless. Maybe a bit off. Not violent. Hardly asylum material.
, covering his mouth with his hand in surprise.
Lestrade, who had only just stepped in, was momentarily caught off guard. The servant still answered with a hurried, “The master looks very well, Ma’am,” after which Lestrade looked at him, of all people, pointedly. Lestrade smiled like he knew a good joke.
“Who would I tell, and what would I say? I didn’t want to scare my daughter – she’s just started school, and I wouldn’t want her coming back over something I can’t explain. I thought – well, you already think I’m silly, so what more harm could it to do? – I thought it was Charles’ ghost looking after me. I just felt I knew it was him, something you just know when you’re, were, close to someone,” she says, pausing again to collect herself.
John didn’t dignify that with a response, but was taken slightly back by Sherlock’s reaction. Their eyes were blazing above the gloved hand covering their mouth, but John could see gold freckles shining cross the bridge of their nose, and traveling up to their ears.
Their hands dropped back to their sides, where one returned to playing with the frayed hem, ripping the hole even larger, before leaving it be.
“Mrs Hudson says he hasn’t been back at the flat. She even went up to check, on my insistence. Molly says he hasn’t been by Bart’s, and Wiggins says he hasn’t asked him or any of the homeless network for any favours.”
In stark contrast to his earlier loud steps, Moriarty tiptoed across the anteroom, and turned off the light in the bedroom. He closed the door between the bedroom and the dressing room, where they were standing. The bed, the nightdress, the dressing table, the slippers, the perfumes, the mantle - they were all out of sight, but left etched in his mind.
He slipped the tabloid into his bag.
"That's very polite of you, Lestrade,” he replied, somewhat taken aback by how genuine Lestrade had sounded. “But I’m not sure we’d want to test that theory.”
Sherlock saw the multiple paths this conversation could take winding out ahead of him. At one end was not allowing John entrance to his thoughts and plans, another was John leaving him in distaste, and another—Watson kicking Moriarty off the falls, and
There was a slight tremor in his hands where they were clasped behind his back. He had already made (what John would consider) a large leap in logic to arrive at the assassin, but it seemed he needed to make another. Moriarty did however obey his own set of rules - he wouldn’t ask Sherlock if he couldn’t discover the answer. It was possible he even knew the enemy.
John had been pushing Sherlock to say it, had even suspected it seeing as he was
He felt ill.
While said ears had perked up at the mention of honey, he’d lost his enthusiasm by the conclusion of toast. Toast meant John had gotten the liquid honey in a squeezy bottle to put on bread, a truly inferior product.
No stars fell from the sky, and John doubted any would. At least he’d gotten himself some fresh air, what little good it did him. His shoulder still ached sometimes, but it had lessened in the past month, and he could now walk without issue. It was hard to tell what that all meant. He wondered if he would ever be fully cured, or if living with a curse could become just a fact of life.
Watson’s expression lightened considerably, for which he was glad. Watson was still worried, but about what? “What do you mean to ask about by my condition? What condition?”
“You’d react like you’re reacting now!” he cried, put on the defensive, which did nothing to placate John. But no,
“Only for now, only while it’s necessary. I’m not still—not where it counts,” John insisted, a hand on Sherlock’s jaw, pulling him back in. “I’m sorry too. I should be the one who’s sorry, for doing this to you.” John’s hand was on his chest, just below his ribs.
John hadn’t been expecting that either. “What do you mean, experimenting?”
“Without a witness, you have no more proof against Watson as you do against any man,” the Colonel stated. “Whether you claim he was a jealous husband or not.”
“And honestly I have no idea what you do. You don’t have any experiments going, or at least none to show me. I hope your bloody tennis improves at least. You need get the hang of the backhand, and learn how to move closer to the net.”
Of course, John wasn’t exactly a sharer.
“That’s my line,” John said. “You’ve done enough protecting.”
“How can you not know what I mean?” she asked, voice raising. “It’s a woman’s brooch, with a lover’s inscription, which you were keeping as if it were a prized possession!”
He did understand. Unfortunately.
“You’re half-human,” John said in disbelief, “and you didn’t think to maybe mention that to me?”
“Well,” Watson said. He leaned back in his chair and tapped two fingers against the top of the table. “What can you deduce about me?”
To meet Sherlock Holmes and be a total stranger to him would be an experience John wasn’t sure he’d enjoy. John was aware that while he’d always wanted to be something to Sherlock, it was entirely possible that Sherlock Holmes as a real person might not want to have anything to do with him. John imagined meeting him, and being seen straight through. Sherlock would dissect him, break him down into his parts, deduce everything about him—and then leave. John knew how it worked.
Sherlock, of course, chose the moment when John’s face was inches away from his cock to blurt out, “Are you going to stop saying you’re ‘not gay’ now?”
He wondered if Wilkes had received a similar note? But then, why not just give one to Wilkes and have it include the same sentiments to them both? Perhaps he’d gotten the rooms mixed up? He wondered if he should deliver the card to Sebastian. But on the front of the envelope was his own name, and spelt correctly, which was unusual.
Lady Irene smiled at him. He wasn’t sure if it was wishful thinking on his part that it appeared regretful. “It is a pity - I think under different circumstances we could have been quite good friends.”
“I know,” John said, softening around the edges.
“You haven’t told them about me,” Sherlock stated, apropos of nothing.
He almost believed him. But he wasn’t deceived so easily.
There were samples he’d like to collect, just past a cobbled square he’d seen, and he said as much.
The new corridor to the castle door was so narrow that when John nodded, his nose brushed Sherlock’s chin. When their eyes met once more, Sherlock opened the door.
. “Don’t say that, you’re not
The man was surprised to see him when John emerged from the thinning blue dust, arms outstretched with a gun aimed at the man’s head, but only momentarily.
Sherlock, sitting in a worn down grey leather armchair, crossed his legs and steepled his fingers, the latter only just managing to conceal his growing smile.
the man replied, gaze drawing away from John’s mouth to meet his eyes with a sardonic expression. The man’s gesture for touch was a bit more sensual than strictly necessary.
Though the drug had long since passed from his system, there were Watsons behind his eyelids.
He closed the door behind him with finality. Let the servants talk, if they would. Perhaps it was hypocritical to flee when he was mad at John for not facing him earlier, but he was not in the mood for that level of self-awareness.
“If the shutters were open sir, you needed only to ask me. I will fasten them for you,” Moriarty said, demure once again. He walked across the room to close the shutters, returning them to artificial light. The room appeared unreal again. The stage was set, but for what?
“He was jealous when she was alive, and now he's jealous when she's dead. Of course he was, though, a man had only to look at her once and go cuckoo over her.”
He hadn’t locked their door before they’d left, despite having been attempting to grow the habit. A dark corner of his mind already knew what lay within the case, but there was only one way to be sure.
John left Sherlock to it, trundling down the ship’s hatch to the outside world where the dust cloud had finally cleared. John walked to the right side of the shuttle and found the in-ship bot easily, as it was currently boxed in and overpowered by a ring of routing bots from the BAK 2212 base station.
John liked the main act just as much as any red-blooded man, but you didn’t just go straight for the cock without any lead in. There hadn’t even been any kissing. As an excellent kisser, if he did say so himself, John had never been one to skip that step, even if it was just a quickie in the gents.
“Never mind me. He should be grateful he didn’t do you any real damage,” Sherlock mutters darkly, glancing over to the incapacitated man on the floor.
Moriarty’s voice was syrupy, sickly sweet, like the smell of blood in kick buckets beneath surgical tables.
While annoyed that Mary did indeed think those things, Sherlock couldn’t help but be impressed. God, but John was smart. Once the veil had been lifted, he’d seen it all.
“Hmm,” Sherlock said. “Your debts are increasing, Mr Watson.”
A memory triggered, and then passed as soon as it came.
“An address is more than enough,” the Colonel declared. “Well done Mr Watson, for coming up with the number!”
Still though, his father’s instrument had been relinquished, and Sherlock played while John watched. John sipped scotch from a glass, eyes on him over the rim, the kind of look that caused Sherlock to feel a bit hot under the collar, and reminded him that John owed him from earlier that day. While it had been a close thing, John hadn’t taken him that morning, and another bout couldn’t come too soon.
“The family’s always called it the Happy Valley,” John said, still speaking in a hushed tone.
“John is well,” he responded, wondering how well the two men knew each other. “He’s gone for a dinner.”
Sherlock lifted John’s wrist to his mouth. John’s skin would have to come in contact with his mouth first, of course, before he could pierce it with his teeth. He wondered if he should make his lips wetter for the first touch. But then he would have to lick his lips, and his fangs had already extended (when had they done that?), and John would see, and perhaps that would be disconcerting?
The ship nagging at him to eat should have been more annoying than it was.
“I think you mean what are we going to do about all this. And I don’t know,” Sherlock said. He hated not knowing. “But I’ll think of something. You’ll have to start at the beginning, again, and tell me
The dog at John’s side rushed forward to the floating chair, and while John expected the worse, Sherlock only sat on his haunches at the man’s feet. One of the men with slicked back hair approached him, giving the bulldog a treat on his way out.
Following lunch, John offered to take them on a walk around the house to see the gardens. Harry immediately agreed, and grabbed him to corner for conversation on their little excursion. John, ever the gentleman, offered to escort Clara, who he likely realized had been rather neglected throughout the visit. He could hear their soft voices from behind him and Harry, the space between them growing as Harry set a punishing pace that John could never hope to keep up with. Gladstone at least seemed happy for the change of speed.
“Hmm, but you do though,” John said, not budging an inch.
“Please, John,” Sherlock said, tone near to begging. “It’s a
“Nothing,” he said quickly, “just party. Things.”
Almost immediately, the man flushed. His hands dropped away from his chest as if burned.
“I almost lost my mind,” John murmured like an afterthought. “Waiting, every day, for it to finally happen. Trying to act normally, trying to
He watched as John called Lestrade, instructing him briefly in the preparations to be made for the impromptu visit. It wasn’t hard to see why John had left at the crack of dawn - the bags beneath John’s eyes told a story of their own. John hadn’t slept well last night (perhaps from needing to be his personable self for the entire evening?), and would need rest before more hosting.
This appeared to be news to Stamford.
Sherlock was still naked and dripping, so when he abruptly leaned forward and down to aim a quick uncoordinated kiss to John’s mouth, he got John a bit wet in the process.
“No, I don’t smoke,” he lied.
“John, you’re hardly that much older, and never doubt what I agree to – if I was bored of you, I would say so in no uncertain terms,” Sherlock assured him, completely amazed that John could have thought these things, essentially mirroring his own doubts and insecurities.
With reluctance, he clarified, “You know him better than I do.” Though he hated admitting it.
He appeared shocked for a moment, before flashing John all his crooked, stained teeth once again. “Are you really going to try that again? Remember, I’ve still got it.”
“But the next morning, there was no sign of her. When the servants went down to the beach, the buoy and the dinghy were there, but her boat was not. Later that afternoon, one of the life-buoys washed up at Kerrith. And then another was found, and another, and another. Life-buoys, and rigging too, all started to wash up on the shingle with the tide.”
“I wonder how you came to get so lost?' Moriarty asked, in a mockery of consideration. “The door through the West wing is very different from this way.”
He opened his eyes and stared back at him for a moment, before he walked away, back down the long narrow passage. He resisted the urge to run from the man, barely, tripping down the halls, but no - he had exposed too many of his weaknesses already.
“Well, underneath all your things,” John joked. Looking around the room, he felt the difference between this lived in flat, and his sparse bedsit.
“I found it in the cottage on the beach,” he said, waiting to see how John would respond.
Sherlock clasped his hands behind his back to keep any possible trembling from sight. David wasn’t wrong. Anderson probably had seen. But - would Anderson talk? And could they dispute it if he did?
He couldn’t see more than a foot in front of him through the fog, but he knew his way without sight as he crossed the stretch of the lawn. He thought of the window of the West wing, just behind and above him, but he did not turn back to look. He climbed the slope of the lawn and continued into the woods, where the fog grazed the tops of the trees. When he eventually arrived at the split in the trail, without hesitation he went down the righthand path to the cove.
“Anyone else?” he asked, though John had already named the worst person he could have provided.
“Reviewing some of the unsolved ones,” he eventually replied. Was it a lie, if that had only been his original intention for the previous day? Or did lying by omission count? It seemed ill-advised to launch into what had happened yesterday. Despite both John and himself being aware that Magnussen had come.
“What’s really bloody annoying about this is, I bet you could de-slime yourself if you wanted to,” John said, when he had to switch to using both hands to hold Sherlock up. “And now there’s—whatever the hell this is—all over the damn stairs.”
“She never had any fear for her own safety?”
“Thief!
“Do you know what that is?” the poacher asked him. John shrugged in his confines.
Sherlock’s hands moved as he spoke, before settling on tugging at his hair. John gripped his shoulder, presumably to calm him. “I admit it’s strange, but it’s all fine now,” John said, speaking gently. “Sherlock, you can’t solve everything.”
, but didn’t provide any further input.
“That would be me.” Sherlock stood up from the table and walked over to take the note from Archie. “To have multiple addresses, one needs multiple names. Tiresome, really.”
As he exited the car, he reached into the front compartment to retrieve a scarf he had stowed there earlier. While fishing for it, his fingers came into contact with the binding of a small book. He left the car with both, and returned to his hotel room alone.
The harsh reality spurred him to the realization that he was only dreaming, as he knew for certain that in his waking life he could never go back to Manderley. This image remained with him long after waking - the memory of a place that had been a marriage between his rational expectations of the present, and the wistful buried past.
He had no issue following this instruction, especially not the first evening he’d tried to sleep at Manderley. He had been awake half the night, writing sheet music and occasionally pausing to collect flies in a downturned glass. He was thrumming with nervous energy most nights that followed, unable to simply lay down and fall asleep peacefully in his marriage bed next to John. John, who he was well aware would not be reaching for him in the night, or at least not any time soon.
Sherlock swallowed. “A case, of course. One came in the mail yesterday, did it not?”
“Loads of things. Mostly cases I suppose.”
Sherlock looked at him, aggrieved. “Let Mycroft
He rose from his seat with a sigh. Having never intended to eat, leaving the table in the middle of the meal was no hardship - but he did resent being sent on errands. It didn’t require his level of insight to infer Stamford must have somehow known this John H. Watson, and that Wilkes intended to use the mutual acquaintance as an excuse for introduction.
“Yes,” she chokes out. “He was– he was murdered. We found his body in the living room.”
“Poor old John, so lonely, so
He snorted. He would rather think something ridiculous than contemplate the possibility of his own failure, if he went down such a path.
John drifted back into consciousness to the sounds of a cart rattling down a hall, and the quiet clicks of a bolus of medication being delivered through a syringe pump. For a moment, he assumed he’d fallen asleep on the job at the army infirmary after a night shift. That was, till he realized he was prostrate in a hospital bed.
Before answering Greg’s signal, John made sure the door to the bridge was firmly closed behind him. He’d left Sherlock in the living area, where he hoped his unusual companion would stay put.
The diver had already been returned to one of the boat’s, likely to be delivered back to the harbour master’s port. He descended the cliff face faster than he had climbed it - he could see one of the men who had spoken with the diver, the Captain of the sunken vessel by appearances, now talking to John. If he was quick, he would reach them in time to hear it.
Stamford received them outside of his home with great surprise. “I was not aware that the two of you knew each other,” he said, as if knowing one another would account for them sharing a horse.
He realized in retrospect he’d made quite a mess of the place. He quickly rushed to repack, or organize, to avoid John thinking he couldn’t last a few seconds without ruining the new bedroom that John had coordinated for them.
She leaned over, smiling at him in a way that could only be described as devilish. Perhaps she thought this was what he’d been angling for all along. He resisted rolling his eyes.
He leaned back in his chair, realising it had gotten late. Everyone from the afternoon shift had long since gone. The only other person currently working was—Molly. Shit.
It was only after John tucked into his Indian delivery that he realised he had been operating under the assumption that SH was a man. Technically, it could have been a woman writing about how to stimulate her partner, or a woman with a prostate. Which was fine. Only, John had hoped SH was writing as someone who enjoyed being on the receiving end, which probably meant a man. As John wondered if he would ever find out for sure, his computer pinged.
“Ready when you are, Mr Watson,” John said, when his shoulder was exposed. With Sherlock known as 'Mr Holmes' to the public, John had taken to calling him by his married title at home. John had initially meant it as a little joke - but after seeing from Sherlock's flushed face the effect it had on him that first time, John had become enamoured with saying
For one, they didn’t return to the beach. Judging from what he could see of the ocean from the terrace, he didn’t think he missed it. The sea during stormy weather was particularly uninviting. Even though he would have preferred to forget, his mind kept returning to the abandoned cottage, and the strange man on the cove.
The henchmen, still holding the poles of the palanquin, began to condense. Their fine clothes and trappings fell to the ground as they turned to black ooze, and surged up into the Witch’s white dress. With a snap from within her pocket, they were sucked in, with no trace of them left but the masks on the pavement.
John.
“It’s perfect,” John says, cutting him off.
“That look!” John said, pointing at his face. “That bloody look - whatever you’re thinking, stop it.”
Not promising.
He could see the back a greying blond head, and a tall frame wearing a sharp suit. Gladstone’s hackles were raised, snarling at the intruder. This brave face didn’t last long before the dog came running over to him behind the door.
Can we drop it now?”
This would have been more than enough for him, being filled by John, his senses completely attuned to him, but John, brilliant John, slid his right leg in and pressed it in between his open thighs. Sherlock groaned around John’s cock, which he could tell John liked very much, and began to rut against the offered leg. He was grinding in time to his swallowing of John’s cock and John was repeating his name, over and over, as if invoking a deity. He felt John’s hands in his hair tug at his head, trying to pull him off. But he would have none of it, continuing to move his mouth over John, tonguing at his slit till John’s come flooded his mouth and John said his name one last time.
John laughs again. Sherlock can be just like a little kid sometimes. All right. You’re a teapot. A posh one, like out of a modern design magazine.
The memory of thinking there were M’s everywhere came to him in a flash of insight - even seeing M’s on the return address of the mail, which Moriarty had been quick to pull from his grasp. The letters he’d seen had been from Magnussen.
> Sherlock?
He rotated his pulled shoulder in its socket, and found nothing out of place. “No, I’m quite all right.”
“Incredible,” John said, voice high, close to laughing. When he turned, Sherlock was looking back. Sherlock made no comment, beyond a small smile peeking out at the corner of his lips.
He could feel Moriarty’s eyes boring into the back of his skull.
“Sherlock,” John said, as if he wasn’t entirely sure he wanted to be saying it.
The man appeared to be frozen, unsure of which way to go. He was fully facing John, but still with one knee on the chair. The position naturally drew John’s eye to the unmistakable bulge that was currently pushing the sheet out around his groin. John would have bet good money there was a bit of wet spot there, which would only grow if the man left the sheet on.
“Thank you,” John murmurs, and this is the first time Sherlock is hearing his voice. He hadn’t known what to imagine, but it is so unexpectedly soft and soothing. He wants to hear it again. Sherlock manages to choke out a quiet “No trouble” before the train begins to move again, and then quickly arrives at John’s stop.
“Everyone was involved, that is, we all worked hard,” Lestrade said quietly, seeming hesitant to discuss it. He wondered suddenly if Lestrade had been a bit in love with Mary, if everyone had been. He knew immediately that was ridiculous, he was being ridiculous. His deductions were skewed by his own feelings, which would absolutely not do.
“Would I?” Watson laughed. “What the devil does it matter what I would feel?”
“No, you’re not. Which is why I am loyal to you, and why you’re much more than an audience,” Sherlock said, voice quiet. “I couldn’t do the work now without you.”
“Oh! You considered it, didn’t you?” Moriarty asked, his voice loud in the stuffy air of the long-preserved room. “Oh, I know you - It’d be a treat for you, wouldn’t it? You’ve been so good for so long. The best high for the worst low.”
John was still holding the towel in his right hand, (the left hand wreaking havoc along Sherlock’s sides and back), which Sherlock decided would be very useful for protecting their sheets. Sherlock eased it from his grip, and threw it behind him, and then followed it by falling backward onto the bed, taking John down with him.
Tell me then, but in your own way. The way you do best.
“Is that so?” Sherlock asked. “You mean to say -?” It was important to feign ignorance.
The man’s quick inhale sounded more like a gasp than a breath.
“No, no, of course I like it,” John insisted, drawing away from the window. With a laugh, “Anyway, why does it matter? It’s a shop for Mrs Hudson. I’m just glad we can now go out into town for food!”
> Sex guru by day,
“Brilliant,” John says, and Sherlock glows with pride.
“Yes, Lord, I did. And now she’s won. Mary knew she would, too,” John choked out in anger, with such a cold ferocity, a side of John he had hardly ever seen. “Do you know, even as she died, she was smiling? Because she knew this would happen. She knew I’d go down for it. That I could never move on.”
“My God, really! You’ve quite outdone me for surprises! Well congratulations, and who is the oh so fortunate person?”
“I am sorry,” Sherlock repeated. He thought of a spiralling staircase with John abandoned at the top. “For everything. I’ll be different now, John. I’ve
“Redbeard. Yes. The name of your childhood pet,” John repeats, very pleased with himself.
at you again -”
He would have ruminated on them for the whole evening, except that the man himself eventually walked into the room.
“Were we?” John asked, for want of a better reply.
Once again he drifted off, fretting all the while.
Lestrade, John’s most trusted staff member, had been contacted. Obvious, given the guilty looks Lestrade had been furtively sending his way. The loyalty of servants was easy to buy he supposed. He contemplated approaching Lestrade, but what harm could the servant really do?
“I meant that it doesn’t quite look like you. Not really. Cameras can never entirely capture the true image. There is always distortion, and—”
“I know I can be cruel Lestrade, but surely you didn’t think me capable of that,” he spat.
Magnussen shook his head and at last departed, his earlier confidence still in place, though his hand covering his bloody face rather detracting from the effect. It was immensely satisfying, but a brief victory that could lose them the war.
As he made his return to his expectant audience, he caught sight of one of the fiddlers on the landing and motioned at him towards the stairs. The fiddler understood immediately, smiling and bowing, and headed down to tell the band to announce him. He felt his pulse in his throat, unusually rapid, and his face felt hot. It must have been from the warm costume and having just raced down the East corridor.
Faces he knew and others he did not were paraded past, and he and John greeted each and every one with forced aplomb.
“John,
(See the end of the chapter for
John held off on touching Sherlock as directly as he’d done before, instead leaning up on his toes to kiss along Sherlock’s neck, leading the way back up to Sherlock’s mouth. He kissed languidly, focusing all his efforts on relaxing Sherlock, and drawing out more of Sherlock’s soft moans that seemed to come from the back of their throat to vibrate out through their gills.
It didn’t go unnoticed by John that Sherlock completely evaded his question on their digestive system. John didn’t broach the subject again, assuming that he’d never get a straight answer, but it didn’t stop him from wondering about Sherlock’s anatomy, and the obvious questions it raised.
Dr John H. Watson.
John did as was suggested, enjoying himself immensely. Sherlock was fussy and had told his landlady John was coming over. Not the actions of someone who didn’t want a relationship, after all. Not so promising became quite promising once more.
“You’re never going to settle down with whatever maid you have your eye on at this rate. Accept the offer. I will review your letters before you send them, if it will ease your conscience.”
David was stricken, on the brink of defeat, before another thought occurred to him. “That I can prove!” David said, rushing over to ring the bell for the servants.
>> passengers: 2
“To say the least your description was… intriguing.”
John paused. Sherlock prayed he wouldn’t tell an easily disproven lie,
From there, it was rubbing the perineum to approach the prostate from another angle, and to focus on only fingering, which could stimulate the prostate without direct touch. John wasn’t sure he had been aware of that. Then, oral sex, and annilingus suggested
“You have it all worked out,” Moriarty said, “except for who did it. Who hired the assassin Sherlock, or the bedroom you never got to enjoy goes up in flames. Hmm, though maybe you prefer the library?”
Returning to the present conversation from where his mind has drifted, John snorts. “One might hope they’ve considered contacting the police with a missing persons report.”
Watson’s head whipped in the direction of the cry for help, and he had risen from his chair before the second cry of
for having a
“Hm, hm,” Wilkes said. “I suppose you think you know your own mind. But the whole thing has been very hurried, hasn’t it? A matter of a few weeks. I hope you realize what you’re doing. He’s not an easy man, no matter how he seems when he turns on his charm. You’ve led a very sheltered life up to now I hope you know. You’ll have your work cut out for you as master of Manderley. To be perfectly frank, I really can’t see you doing it.”
He realized he was snooping in his own house, rifling through drawers as if he had broken in on a case.
What John did want to know was whether this was moving too fast, which Sherlock answered by stripping, and which John supposed was answer enough. Sherlock’s clothes were disposed of in an orderly fashion, the suit jacket and dress shirt hung up with care, his trousers folded neatly, and a foot placed on the chair to unlace his shoes, all performed with his back to John. John attempted to catch up, though didn’t offer his own clothes anywhere near the same care as he shrugged out of them and discarded them onto Sherlock’s bedroom floor.
“I thought with the two of you on good terms, with you as her husband, it would keep you safe,” Sherlock explained. It was close to an apology. Almost.
After they finally entered the house, John instructed the servants to draw him a bath as Robert hung up their coats. Sherlock loathed to let John out of his sight, but he sensed John needed space and time to unwind from the long morning. Sherlock wandered into the library, and spied a pile of letters on a plate and the morning paper. The letters were of course all gracious thanks from the many people who had attended their ball, which he was now expected to respond to. God, why had they even had the damn thing?
However, when it saw the boots John was slipping his feet into, and Archie climbing onto his back, it hopped over.
He hadn’t realized how tight his chest had felt until it loosened at this remark. Harry had been operating on her own assumptions then. Harry’s outlook was independent of John’s. John wasn’t a good liar - he really hadn’t told her anything.
“Yes,” John says and starts to laugh, at his own foolishness and in relief.
Her eyes narrowed. “What are you up to? And put some clothes on Sherlock, it’s not decent.”
He realized, slowly, with dawning horror, that John’s face had lost all its colour, and his eyes - oh God -
John kept trying to catch his eye from across the room. He turned to look resolutely in the other direction. John’s eyes had looked brown from far away, which was oddly disconcerting.
Beta'd by the lovely conductor_of_light !
John’s heart had now decided to move up into the vicinity of his throat.
“How are you going to fix it, exactly?” John asked, a touch tetchy. “You said it was broken. This isn’t just pushing a dislocated shoulder back in.”
John had lost his career, some of his mobility, and essentially had his life completely flipped upside down, but he was in no way paying attention to any of that. He found that the most dramatic difference between his old life as an army surgeon in Afghanistan and his new existence in a shabby bedsit in London, was the evidence that Sherlock Holmes was a real person.
His hiding spot hadn’t quite panned out.
To John’s eye, nothing happened. He wondered if Sherlock had just been bluffing, until a minute later when alarm bells sounded in the distance, and the flapping along the side of the ship came to a halt.
John found he hardly cared if he was strung up, if the payoff was these few days with Sherlock during which he could be completely honest and in love. Sherlock felt differently on that subject – or at least, on the matter of John being hanged. Sherlock devoted himself to ensuring that be avoided if at all possible, and dived into coaching John through the process. Sherlock transformed from someone who had once felt remote to John into a supportive and loving partner, more loving in fact than John could have ever dreamed. And so, his heart overflowed with gratitude for being given Sherlock in this capacity, even if it was on the heels of his own execution.
Sherlock’s face was glowing, gold flecks dotting the entire expanse of their face, visible even in the fluorescent white light of the ship. “Well, I - ” Sherlock mumbled. “Not good?”
“My head tilted,” he repeated dryly.
The edge of the door had been sealed over and the knob had been removed and covered, but after removing more of the paper and jamming his pocketknife into the filled-in knob the door starts to give.
to him.
She looked at him directly, placed a cigarette between her lips, and flashed her lighter. She played with the lit cigarette, switching it between her fingers, before finally walking towards her car, Clara following after her devotedly.
Sherlock wouldn’t have presumed to encourage John to take action but, once John could feel them himself, he had wanted them out. They discussed enlisting a doctor, finding someone they could trust, but decided against involving an outsider.  As his shoulder was too awkward a place for John to easily access, Sherlock had offered himself.
John forced a smile. “Hi, who I am speaking with?”
John paused, hovering over Sherlock’s crotch. Looking up to meet Sherlock’s eyes, John slowly leaned forward, and began to mouth at the bulge currently tenting Sherlock’s threadbare pajama bottoms. Sherlock’s moans were gratifying, but John pulled back before he got carried away, leaving a damp spot behind where his mouth had been.
“Oh, Mr Watson,” Lady Norton’s voice rang out, “you are such a card.”
“You said it yourself,” Sherlock eventually replied. “The bots aren’t doing anything of use here. What does it matter if I take this one apart for a bit of fun?”
The right edge of Sherlock’s mouth slid upwards. “Yes, I suppose so. It’s quite a lot like that.”
“It wasn’t my party,” he corrected.
Instead, John asked while continuing to run his fingers along the length pressing up to meet his hand, “Do you like that?”
Before this, if John had happened to run into the author on the street, he might have nodded in recognition or offered him a handshake. Now John would have a rather liked to give the man a black eye.
Of course. He should have known that he would manage to pick up an alien with an attitude.
John’s eyes on him were burning, and Sherlock smiled coyly. He loved it. “You’re already begging,” John commented, low and gruff. “And I haven’t even touched you yet.”
In John’s silence, Sherlock prompted, “John, your girlfriend? Or is kissing others allowed within the bounds of your arrangement?”
John’s mouth dropped open. “You can… talk,” John said, too taken aback to care that he was stating the obvious.
“No,” the boat builder interrupted, and Sherlock’s lips froze along with the Coroner’s. Sherlock had been right to fear the last testimony the most. The builder was going to be stubborn. He was going to ruin everything for them.
John walked alongside his new acquaintance, though at a distance, and began the journey back to their ride. He kept one eye forward, and the other on the unidentified humanoid next to him. The alien walked without issue despite the low gravity, and appeared to be completely docile. This seemed almost too easy.
John’s head tipped back as he looked up into that perplexing and animated face. “How the hell do you know my name?”
As expected, John’s face split into a smile, and he laughed. “Yes, yeah - I should try to rein that in. But Sherlock I can’t believe he - ,” John said, quickly returning to his earlier fury. “I told him he could do whatever he wanted, as long as it didn’t involve you. How
John coaxed a fire to life while Mrs Hudson filled the kettle. On closer inspection of the table, and in keeping with the rumours, in one bowl there appeared to be a human heart, stinking of preservatives. John chose to ignore that, for the time being.
“No,” Watson said. And that was apparently to be the end of the discussion. The mood very much changed, Watson spoke not another word throughout the rest of the trip.
There was little warning, beyond his memory, for when he reached the shingle beach. As his feet slid across the round stones beneath them, the fog seemed to lift. He could see the clear outline of a ship that had come ashore, approximately two miles away, with its bow facing the cliffs. The stern was tilted by the ship’s contact with the reef, creating a stirring image. Due to the poor visibility, the sailors had likely confused their little bay for the Kerrith harbour. Luckily, the sea was calm. The people on board would be safe. The owner of the vessel, however, would not be regaining their ship in one piece.
“To be clear, if that was your idea of a seduction - ” John stopped, laughing briefly. “I don’t need convincing Sherlock, I’m a sure thing. You could have just left it at, you know, asking me.”
As always lots of thanks to my beta Soli <3 Anna wasn't able to make it out for this one, which means less fun Britishisms but we'll make it through somehow
John’s worry ratcheted up several notches. “Are you hurt?”
“Well, what am I supposed to think? There’s nothing here.”
“I’ve never had anything to do with him,” Harry continued, “but I don’t think I’d ever want to either. He’s always been very civil to me, of course. The perfect servant.”
“You could have asked the client not to smoke, if you’d wanted,” John pointed out, just as his eyes slipped from Sherlock’s face to his chest, before forcefully turning his face towards the door.
Both John and Lestrade seemed to not expect this answer, as they shared a look between them.
The entire ride he was very aware of four hands, tentatively touching the sides of the scouter’s seat, unmoving beyond an occasional twitch of their fingers against their leg.
, and not you two either. But come on Sherlock, save John’s legacy. His family home, that he gave everything up for. Stayed with
On their next shared train ride Sherlock considers striking up a conversation. For his work he frequently has to approach and speak to strangers to gather information, sometimes manipulating them into giving him what he needs. This would be no different. Except for the fact that he would be himself and not shamming, and he would be talking to Dr John H. Watson, ex-military doctor, who is apparently rather cranky according to his blog. Sherlock eyes the back of his neat blond head, and swallows nervously.
Sherlock waved his chopstick in the air, dismissive. “Simple. He was the only one with true motive and ample opportunity. Spouses are always prime suspects, and for good reason. Especially in this case, when their tastes were clearly ill-suited for one another.”
He felt like he was burning up, he
Sherlock startled. He hadn’t heard his own surname in far too long, and frankly associated “Mr Holmes” with his brother.
John knew that would have been the sensible consideration, but he was far more preoccupied with what he thought were the gold freckles, which he could just make out when Sherlock’s face was illuminated by the unnatural lighting.
“You always were a rubbish big brother.”
They joined Stamford in the room across the hall, causing him to jump near to three feet in the air when they opened the door. “Apologies Mr Stamford,” Sherlock said, while twisting his head to look about the room. No one else had arrived, nor had anyone else been in before them only to get cold feet and leave before their scheduled meeting.
, and attempted to brush past John in a panicked retreat.
Each ‘bored’ was punctuated by a swish of Sherlock’s antennae, which were lengthening beyond the confines of the dark fringe.
“Late night picnics,” he repeated dryly.
Massage was the theme of the evening, and now didn’t seem the time to break that pattern. John slid his hands down the small of Sherlock’s back, easing tension away along the spine, till he dipped lower.
“Who said I’m frightened of him?” he asked, though his voice caught on the first syllable. Damn, he was always giving himself away.
“Right,” Lestrade said from somewhere behind him. “Then why did you do it?”
He was however unable to come to a conclusion or to provide deductions, as there was a sudden commotion coming from the hallway just beyond the dining room.
“How many do you need to take apart to satisfy your curiosity?” John asked, incredulous. He’d had to make the return trip to BAK 2212 God only knew how many times, and it had apparently been out of
“That’s rather the point of you naming it, isn’t it? Got something better than Happy Valley?”
“It didn’t sound like Mrs Hudson much appreciated that,” John pointed out.
He had likely made a fool of himself already, and would be the fool twice over with a heartfelt farewell. In John Watson of Manderley’s life, he was no different than that young boy on the road, waving at the glimpse of a car flying past.
, how delicate of her. With restraint he managed to not ask what she meant by his influence with John, whatever that was. A tremendous thing to organize he could well imagine. He could see a woman sitting at the desk in the morning room that he had covered in beakers and burners, indicating which select names were worthy to be invited, reaching for the monogrammed cards with purpose.
“Let us all go in then directly,” Sherlock interrupted, leading the way. “Watson, you as well.” Captain Watson followed without question, and with no reaction at all to the removal of his title. Stamford sighed, but was close on their heels.
“Mr Watson, I would of course like to emphasize that all of our sympathies are with you in this trying time,” the Coroner said, appearing surprised by the animosity in John that there had not been previously. “I am only trying to get to the bottom of how such a thing could have occurred to your wife’s sailboat, such as a prior accident or natural cause, to attempt to understand the nature of your late wife’s death.”
She smiles tightly, and ushers them through the door into the foyer. John notes there is a kitchen to the left, a hallway straight ahead, and a living room on their right.
“All I saw were those things, like the ones that were following us the day we met. A wizard’s henchmen, as you said.”
He hears soft giggling through the hanging beads behind him.
John made a loud, fake gasping noise behind him, clearly meant as an imitation. Sherlock spluttered. As if he’d been that obvious!
John’s heart kicked hard to the side in his chest.
“Right on both accounts,” Sherlock said a minute later. “And you would know a lot about cornering people, wouldn’t you?”
“Oh? And what do you want, then?” Sherlock’s hands were folded in his lap, concealing himself, as if now embarrassed. That, more than any gesture, made John’s heart swell.
“No,” Sherlock confirmed. “I dismantled it, carried the pieces, and then reassembled it.”
“Yeah,” John says, and it sounds like he’s close to laughing but is restraining himself. “So, do you come here often?”
“Wait,” John said, arm stretching out to curl around Sherlock’s chest in a half hug. “So you left, but have been evading your brother this whole time? Your brother who has clearly been looking for you? Why didn’t you let the bots find you if you knew he owned them?”
"That was their bed, gorgeous woodwork. She had excellent taste. And the gold coverlet, that was her favourite.”
Sherlock assumed that if John was annoyed about not being able to stay with Sherlock when he dashed off, surely that meant John would understand if the reverse held true, and that Sherlock liked to keep an eye on him from time to time.
The dance floor cleared marginally to give room for the hosts, and the band’s continuum of music paused for a moment to lend dramaticism to the start of their waltz. When they began again they at last took a departure from Strauss, to his immense relief, until he recognized the piece. The Merry Widow Waltz.
It occurred to him belatedly that he was holding a dead woman’s underthings, and he folded it immediately, and slid it back into the case. With slight discomfort, he realized the nightdress had been ruffled, still creased. It had not been touched or laundered since it was last worn.
With tea officially ended, Norton and her crowd spilled out on to the terrace in a frenzy, all of them speaking animatedly about John having agreed to host the ball again. Discussion of dates, what they would wear, and who should be invited were murmured between them amongst uproarious laughter.
Once on board, the Hudson bot tutted and fussed over them, and insisted on scanning them both excessively for injury. Sherlock managed to evade the Hudson early on, and John followed after them as soon as he was released from the bot’s motherly clutches.
of the revelation.
“A mix,” Sherlock answered. “Just a bit of magic, to help the flowers grow.”
All those reservations he’d once had, back when John had proposed - that he was too young, too inexperienced, and not of John’s world. And it turned out none of those barriers were the true issue in the end. The issue was, he loved John. Worse still, he had loved John instantly, though he had denied it to himself, ignorant of it till it was too late to turn back. That he still loved John desperately, like a loyal dog or servant, was the issue. For it didn’t matter. John had tried, but this was not the sort love John needed. John was still longing for the love of someone who was long gone. He had been naive, a simple little fool, thinking he could fix John and fix his happiness. If he threw a party, John would be happy again, and forget about his wife. John had known happiness already, and it hadn’t been him to give it to him. Even bloody Sebastian Wilkes, despite his idiocy and ignorance, had known it. “You’ll regret it,” Wilkes had said. He’d thought him odious, but he’d been right. Wilkes had told him not to flatter himself that John was in love with him, that John was just lonely in the now empty, large house, and God - he’d been right. It was the most incisive thing Wilkes had ever said.
“It’s unlocked,” John says to the officers hovering behind their boss’s back. They take the hint.
“I’ve been admitted,” Sherlock croaked. John didn’t comment, but he did lift a cup of water to Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock sipped from it, while glaring daggers over the rim. While he was relieved and glad John was present, it was soured by where they were. He cleared his throat.
“Turned?” John asked.
“How do you like it?” Moriarty asked from the door, attentive yet still managing to sound rather bored.
is practically a hand written invitation to me seeing as you know that I know how to – and I waited several days before I ! – but that’s not what I -” Sherlock paused his stream of words, and swallowed once before adopting a more somber expression. Or at least, more somber than a late night conversation critiquing John’s writing warranted, John thought.
“She doesn't go in there now,” the man said.
John thought his heart might jump right out of his chest, but his body was still.
“We don’t have a deal,” Sherlock stated, enunciating each word precisely. “Looks like you’ll need to find yourself a different historical home to steal.”
He probably liked being the center of attention. Maybe even got a bit turned on by it. John thought about giving the ‘Man Line’ worker that hot tip, but kept it to himself.
“Good?” he heard John ask, and all he could manage was a series of nods. John truly was full of … surprises. He felt certain he’d momentarily left this earthly plane, though he was vaguely aware of John gently turning him onto his side, and removing the towel from beneath him. The towel had been an excellent idea, and was now used to clean his chest, and lower areas, by his ever caring John. He would need to at some point stand up to properly wash himself in their bathroom, but for now he remained as the puddle John had left him. It was unclear how long he lay there recovering, but when he did, John’s face was touching his, lips against his cheek. His face was wet again, but this time the tears weren’t his.
Watson scoffed, as if he were being ludicrous. “Really Holmes, there’s no doubt of her affection for him, to anyone with eyes.”
Lady Norton raised one brow, with her lips tilted like she knew a very grand secret. “So I tell him to throw the party - what’s in it for me?”
He filled in the blanks. “That presents two distinct possibilities,” he said, thinking aloud. “Either my husband’s late wife had someone with her on the ship, or - “
John pulled away almost instantly, and tipped his head back to look into that strange face he had become so familiar with in such a short period of time. John knew that two twitches of the antennae near Sherlock’s hairline like that meant Sherlock was nervous or excited, and that Sherlock’s skin returning to the blue colour it had worn for months on BAK 2212 meant Sherlock was distracted, and—what John had come to suspect just recently—that the gold freckles that occasionally spread across Sherlock’s cheeks were akin to a blush.
He would have too, if he’d had to, but John opened the door shortly after, revealing himself to be mid-shave.
Sherlock’s answer was garbled, and followed by a series of clicks and whirs that John was always very happy to hear, even in this context.
John reached out for him then, cupping Sherlock’s jaw in his right hand for a long beat of silence, those blue eyes meeting his without guile. “Listen to me, all right? All I want in my life is this. Being here with you, neither of us ever bored, and to have you be happy. You can’t deny that you’re happier here, now, being
After dinner, the group dissolved into those interested in playing cards, or dancing, with him left as the solitary figure interested in neither. The dancing was a haphazardly arranged affair; one lady with particular skill at the piano was called on to play a jig, while three couples at most danced at a time, with Captain Watson dancing each and every one.
“I am like an untrained servant,” he said, thinking out loud. “Breaking things. Getting in their way. Burning holes in the carpet.”
Wow so, this was a much longer and larger undertaking than I had ever intended -- thanks so much for everyone who stuck around through the WIP time period, and a million thanks as always to Soli Solitary_Endeavor for betaing all >100k words of this thing! I wouldn't have been able to do it without you <3 And thanks also to Anna nondeducible, for always being my fact checker <3
“I didn’t mind anything. You just for a moment, looked different. I don’t know….. colder, I guess. Almost, far away,” John finished, quietly. John looked away. The index finger of his right hand tapped the table once, and his lips pursed.
Sherlock leaned forward, resting his head on the once injured shoulder. He felt glad for it, despite knowing it was wrong of him. If Mary had never shot John, he and John would have never met. John would still be married to someone else, unable to divorce. Was it wrong to covet something that had given John pain, if in its own way, it had inadvertently brought him joy? It couldn’t have been coincidence. The universe was rarely so lazy.
Lashing out in anger was his last defence –  John didn’t know what was to be done, and so John was clearly doing what John thought he wanted! How dare John know of his feelings before he himself had, and how dare he,
John grabs onto Sherlock and begins to lift, pushing him upwards. Sherlock is able to climb the ladder with his hands behind his back if John supports him, lightly touching his sides. John has never been more relieved to touch another a human being in his life.
(See the end of the chapter for
And no, John wouldn’t have liked that. He wouldn’t have liked knowing Sherlock thought those things. Would he? But Sherlock could play out every time John had been angry with him, internalized down to his very core, so deeply seated that he couldn’t shake them; the hurt, concerned, snapping expressions hanging over him like a disproving conscious at a disconnect from himself.
“Why is ‘Major James Sholto’ in your search history?” John asked, apparently now opting for the direct approach.
), which at least brought a smile to his face almost as readily as reading the guide had.
“Well, that’s a damn shame,” Greg remarks, eyeing the dog sadly.
John made to leave the room, to run to the other building in time, but at once they stood up. John watched on as Sherlock lifted the pill in front of himself, looking at it with a curious and terrible wonder.
Their client was unsurprisingly eager to resolve the disappearance of her dog, so shortly after having her email read out to him, John is ushered out of the flat by Sherlock to an out-of-ways residential area, and a very altogether ordinary looking one-floor bungalow.
“Sorry?” Sherlock asked, eyes drawn to John’s arm, now revealed from beneath the wool. It was an unusual sight as John was buttoned up almost constantly; Sherlock hadn’t seen this much bare skin since the shower mishap.
Before he could respond to the backhanded compliment, John cut in.
“What are you suggesting then?” Greg asks, rocking his weight back on his heels.
“Unimpressed,” Sherlock repeated, lips twitching, seemingly amused by the understatement. “And I know now that you are not a bot. I simply had never seen a suit like the one you had on before, and I had never been close enough to tell if you were human, or—”
