They made idle conversation on the ride back to Charlie’s house. Dean told Cas about Gilda; a girl Charlie had been talking to online for a few months. Cas apologized again for making such a scene during the movie. Dean waved it off and tried his best to make Castiel feel like less of an idiot.
“Oh, wow, I hadn’t thought of that!” Balthazar bit back. “Have you
There it is! My little AU all wrapped-up. As always, kudos and comments literally make my day, so please drop one any time!! If you feel so inclined, I’m on tumblr @satansass666 (I’m always willing to discuss destiel; this fic or the ship in general). Thanks for reading!!
He was pulled out of his thoughts by a voice.
Two weeks later and Cas was back to normal. The only problem with that was he couldn’t see Dean as often as he’d like to. Between Dean’s M/W/F plus every other Sunday schedule, and Cas back at the office swamped with makeup work, it was hard to find time to be together.
The couple decided to drive separately to work, Dean not willing to wake up before the sun. Castiel wasn’t surprised; Dean had never been much of a morning person. He had almost slept through his praxis in college.
“Hey, wait, um...you drove me here,” Castiel reminded his friend.
"How well did my plan work?" She asked cockily, knowing full well how great that plan went.
“Weelllllll,” Castiel joked, earning an indignant ‘hey’ from his friend. “No, I’m just excited. That’s all. I haven’t seen you since May.”
“May I have this dance?” Dean asked, a glint in his eyes.
“That’s the point, Cas! You don’t have time for
?” Castiel complained. Dean looked down at his shirt and smirked.
Thankfully, Charlie replied right away.
“Nothing’s going to happen between us! Why would you even say that?”
“So, Castiel, we’re at a sort of crossroads here,” Mary said, “there’s quite a few options you can take, and depending on your results, you might not have too much time to make them.”
“I was wondering when you’d be back,” he replied from the office. He stepped out and greeted her with a kiss. “Are you ok?” he asked, looking at her hands, but finding that neither seemed to be injured. He pinched his brows together and asked, “I thought you said you’d sprained your wrist. Was it not that bad?”
"Is everything alright, Cas?" Mary asked concernedly.
“Where are you going?” Castiel asked.
Cas looked down at Dean’s lips and slowly back up to his eyes.
“You’ve got yourself a deal,” Gabe offered his hand and Castiel shook it.
Once the rush of guests had been served, Castiel left Ash alone to tend the ‘bar’. He made a lap around the house, feeling a sense of pride at his guests having a good time. He also laughed at all the costumes his peers showed up in. There were some couples-costumes and quite a few ‘slutty’ getups, but Castiel enjoyed them all the same. He loved the freedom of Halloween. He, himself had dressed up as a doctor after hearing about Dean’s little guilty pleasure. He spiced it up a bit by wearing booty-shorts instead of scrubs and forgoing a shirt altogether. Dean’s eyes had lit up brighter than Castiel had ever seen them when he showed him his costume before the party had officially started. The host had thought he was going to have to cancel the party with the way Dean was looking at him.
"I'm sure it was worth it," Cas mumbled.
“Because if you don’t, this ruler will find someplace else to smack,” Naomi leered at Castiel.
“Well, needless to say, you won’t be seeing him anymore. You won’t be seeing anyone. You’re not leaving this house for a long time, Castiel. You know, I have half a mind to ship you off to boarding school, but what would that prove? I’d just be providing you with a paradise of boys twenty-four-seven. I’m sure you’d love that, huh?”
They stayed like that, pressed together from head to toe, for a few long moments. They caught their breath and let themselves sit in the feeling of utter satisfaction.
With the blaze squandered, the Dream Team decided to pick up a late lunch. They ordered their regulars from the roadhouse and took it back to the station. They decided to use two decks of cards and play a five person game of War. By the time they were all finished eating, Meg and Jo had practically everyone’s cards. Poor Gabe was on his last three while Benny and Dean only had about ten each.
“I love you,” he threw out before exiting completely.
"Hey, stop!" the cop says.
“Hey, Cas,” a voice to his right whispered.
“Not tonight,” Castiel replied. He needed to sleep. He vowed silently to tell Dean the truth. The entire truth, no matter how bad it made him look...just not at that moment.
“If you’re in here, put your clothes on and get out!” Castiel ordered.
“He seemed to be in a rush this morning,” Castiel explained nonchalantly. Charlie scoffed.
"I can see you haven't gotten over whatever this is yet," Dean said, closing the door behind him as he entered the apartment. Cas gave him the finger as he walked back to his nest on the couch. Dean laughed and followed him into the living room. Cas really was a cranky sick person.
After completing his shower routine, he turned the water off and grabbed a towel from the rod. He dried off and entered his bedroom to pick out some clothes for the day. He settled on some jeans and a light, gray long sleeve shirt. As he pulled that over his head, he heard a knock on his door. He told the person behind it to come in.
Soon enough, though, he journeyed to the kitchen to read the next note. The slip of paper he expected wasn’t on the counter. It wasn’t hiding in the cabinets, nor was it resting near the sink. As a last hope, he opened the fridge. He laughed out loud at the contents in the fridge.
“I won’t. And you have to do your part, too. This won’t work if your end falls through.”
“No shit? Well, maybe I misjudged ya, Balth,” Dean said, clapping his coworker’s shoulder with his hand. Dean slowly turned his focus to what was outside the car. “Holy shit, I’m home.”
“Why the long face, you won!” Charlie pointed out as they dumped the cups into the trash.
“I love you,” Dean whispered. A smile spread across Cas’s face.
“How about you, Cas? You free tonight?”
Dean scoffs. "Never let me do anything fun," he says under his breath.
“Don’t ask stupid questions,” Charlie answered.
"Have a late night?" She asked, walking over to stand next to Dean.
. The Winchesters always watched this every year around Christmas, and even through the challenges this year presented, they wouldn’t let the tradition go unobserved.
“So, Castiel,” Charlie started conversationally, “how do you like Kansas so far?” she asked. Castiel smiled nervously and looked down at his plate.
Hope you enjoyed this chapter...(they said, ominously)
A smile tugged at the corners of Cas' mouth. How did Dean do that?
“Uhh, no,” he deflected eloquently, making a move to flee the kitchen as quickly as possible. Mary blocked his path, putting both hands on her hips.
The drive to Cas’s apartment was uneventful. Dean pulled up to the aforementioned complex and parked his car.
“Is Charlie still here? I need to ask her a question,” Dean stated before heading off to find her.
“No,” Castiel said. He laughed as he explained his plan. By the end of the night, they were giddy in anticipation of tomorrow.
know because Cas never talked to him. Besides the meetings he attended, he never talked to anyone.
Cas walked back in and started cleaning up Dean’s chest. He looked over at the clock. 12:07. Cas smiled to himself.
“You know very well mom makes us keep our doors open when we have company,” Dean said, annoyed at the invasion of his privacy.
Naughty
“Ma’am, we don’t want to make a scene. If you don’t cooperate, we’ll have to ‘cuff you. You can walk out of here on your own, or we can parade you in cuffs out the front door.”
“Alright, then. Now for the fun part. Slide down to the end of the bench here, and we will take a peak under the hood.” Dean appreciated the car reference, but he tensed up as he squeezed Castiel’s hand tightly.
“Feeling woozy?” Castiel asked.
Dean nodded, “We’ll see.” Colette kissed his forehead again.
“You’re welcome Dean.” Colette said seriously, squeezing his arm, “You mean a lot to us and I am glad you joined our pack.”
He kept his fingers inside himself, his cock still just as hard, “Fucking.
“My heats before were by myself—in my room. I t-tried n-not to be a b-burden.”
“Yeah.” Dean whispered, “Ok.”
“I can be there too.” She offered.
“He’s a-a-a-a n-ninja.” Dean complained as Cain wrapped his arm around Dean’s shoulders, tucking his head on top of Dean’s. Colette kept giggling.
“You built a mother
“Good job Sammy!” Dean said, “And what about this one?”
“Glad we didn’t go with that apartment.” Justin smiled.
Dean snorted, but snuggled up to his alpha as ordered. Cain kept his arm wrapped around Dean, pulling him tight to his chest. They had both seen Casino Royal before, so Dean was asleep before too long.
“It’s for his sunny disposition.” Karen teased.
Something was draped over his head. It made him feel better instantly—it was their blanket from their room. Sam snuggled up closer to Dean.
“Thanks g-guys. I’m going to head h-home.” Dean managed to butt in.
“COME IN HERE!” That was his Alpha’s voice. Dean’s body heated up as his stomach dropped, he know this wasn’t going to be good. He could barely get his feet to move forward as he walked down the hallway. He stared at the ground as he turned around the corner.
“Yeah.” Cas looked at him.
“This will probably be similar to your first heats—your libido might not make a feature at all.” Dean blushed, covering his face, “We have to talk about it, sugar, I don’t want any surprises for you—ok?”
“Changes of clothes, stuff to deal with stains. You’re a nurse, you must understand this.” Castiel said.
When they got to the room where they would take Dean’s blood, Cas shooed the nurse away so he could do it himself.
“I’m—I’m—I’m—” Dean huffed, but he was able to move a bit. He tried to get his legs to listen to him, wobbling a bit as he stood up. The blanket parted a bit so they could see, but he could still only smell the two of them.
Dean flushed, looking down, “St-op it.”
Billie’s snort got both of their attention, “Just make sure you keep the growling up there and we’ll be fine. Now, slide on down this chair so your butt hangs off.”
Dean pulled the weighted blanket over himself, sighing as he did. His inner omega felt content and satiated—he was glad. He turned the vibration off, the little aftershocks had passed. He tried to pull the knot out, but he whined at the thought so he left it in. He grabbed the directions, reading how long it would stay inflated. Standard time was thirty minutes, but it could be programed for up to ninety minutes. And, of course, it could be deflated instantly if needed. Dean had no idea how long he liked, since it had never happened before so he figured average was a good starting point.
what he said. He could tell Cain wanted to be the best alpha he could. He could sense Cain’s
“Yeah. ‘course. But dude—your new alpha is
“Is everything alright
” Sam loved that place, but Dean only tried to go on special occasions. It was more expensive than a burger from McDonalds, “We got you a milk shake.”
“Went with Bobby to get something else to eat. I think he’s bored.” She smiled a bit, brushing her fingers through Dean’s hair.
“Your family religious?”
“B-but sc-school.” Dean frowned, “M-m-m”
anymore. Father implied that he took care of them, that he even knew where they were on any given day. Dean barely ever saw his alpha. It sometimes made him anxious, but Sam was good at taking care of Dean too. They took care of each other. They had decorated their room for Christmas, putting up lights and taping down ornaments to the wall. They wouldn’t have a tree, but they made due with what they had. Dean had gotten Sam a poster of the periodic table, because he was a nerd. Though Sam was quick to point out that Dean was sort of a nerd too. Dean hadn’t been allowed to play on the football team due to his omega status, but he played soccer. He loved it, and wasn’t afraid to be aggressive either. He was in the paper for his excellence in the defense position. Sam would cut out the articles and put them on the wall too.
His mother smiled brightly, more tears falling down her face, “Right!” She kissed Dean’s cheek, then rubbed his cheek with her thumb. She leaned over and kissed Sammy’s head again. Dean wiggled closer to his Mom, breathing in her scent as they looked over Sammy.
The feel in the garage was much lighter after the conversation. Dean heard Cas humming along to the music as well. After about another hour of work, Dean called it quits. Castiel convinced him to go to a diner he hadn’t heard about in order to get burger. The alpha claimed that they were the best burgers in the area, so Dean would have to be the judge of that.
to somebody. That I had nothing. Big house, lots of money, but absolutely nothing to show for it.” Cain let out a breath, taking a sip of his tea, “Told me that I was my brother’s keeper, that I had killed him. That Abel believed until his last breath that I—that I could—” Cain sniffed, wiping a tear off his face, “That I could still come back around. Abel was an alpha—but he still submitted to my pack rules. Mara said until the day he died Abel believed we would be pack again one day.” Cain let out a small breath, “She said that the guilt was going to swallow me whole when it finally caught up to me, and that she hoped it did.” Dean’s heart was pounding. He could barely breathe. How could Cain go from all of that to Colette?
“Well, good to see some familiar faces.” He winked at Ash. Dean could smell that he was mated—and probably had his own pup by the look of him. He was just the type of alpha that
“Can we get burgers after? I’m starved.” Cas said, following him out into the garage.
Colette brought his food out after a few minutes, not asking any questions. Dean kept his head down in the car, trying to hide from her. He couldn’t talk about it. It still felt like a wound that hadn’t begun to heal yet. Eventually he was feeling ok enough to start picking at his food, but he didn’t say goodbye to them in case they tried to talk to him again.
“T-two?” Dean squeaked.
“He’s got a mate.” Castiel told him as he stood up.
“Which one do you recommend considering—” He waved to himself.
"You don't have to if you have other things to do." Dean said when Colette curled up next to him with her laptop.
Cain managed to convince Dean back to their bed that night, a fresh bite on both Colette and Dean’s arm as they all fell asleep in the same bed.
“I-I knew that.” Dean whispered.
The alpha had taken off his trench coat, but his white button-down shirt and tie were still on. Despite the sweat dripping down his side burns, Castiel didn’t seem bothered. Though it was early fall, it was quite a warm day. Dean was a bit nervous when he took the trench coat off, glancing to make sure his colleagues were in sight. He knew Castiel was a good alpha, but he couldn’t help but cover his bases.
with need. He let out a short breath, willing himself the courage to start again. He took a deep breath and pushed the ‘on’ button again, hitting the lower setting quickly. The gentle vibration was much less jarring and Dean couldn’t help but let out a low moan. He gripped his cock with his left hand, easily sliding up and down. He planted his feet, moving his right hand down between his legs. The toy slid in and out as Dean whined, his cock growing harder in his hand. He tried to be easy, but his body was demanding more. His hips pushed up into the air, the friction on his cock not enough. He switched so his right hand was on his cock, left between his legs. He fumbled a bit, but moaned at the extra finesse around his cock.
to be ashamed over, alright?” Dean nodded slowly, and Cain brought him into a tight bear hug.
Every conversation he had with Cain and Colette helped him believe in himself a bit more. Being around other omegas at the omega house also helped him feel less crazy. Dean was meeting with Missouri at the omega house for therapy so he could also feel less isolated.
It was silent when she left, Dean looked over at Cas, “Oh, I’ll step over here so you can change.” Castiel stepped between the curtain and the door as Dean hopped off the chair. Dean was sure Cas couldn’t see through, so he threw his briefs on quickly, “I feel like I should apologize for my behavior. I should have warned you in advance that I would growl. I hoped it wouldn’t happen, but that was probably very naïve on my part.” The paper robe crinkled as he pulled it off, moving to his jeans and Henley, “I cannot help but feel very protective over you.” He huffed, taking a deep breath, “I—I
“And Sam only bit you once?”
Dean took the stairs up to the next floor. Out a bit from Seattle, the hospital wasn’t too big. He walked down the hall and could smell Castiel’s scent lingering in the hallway.
“Come on, we’re hopping into this ambulance.” Sammy said, the ambulance door was no more than three feet away from the front door. It was pulled into the grass. Dean whined at the wheels, knowing it would tear up the lawn, “It’s ok, Dean.”
at chemistry. He was in a basic freshman science course that touched on just about everything in science, but this segment was on Chemistry.  For some reason it clicked with him better than the other students. When the bell rang, he stood up and felt a little woozy. It was a bit weird that his seat felt
you didn’t Dean.” Cain said so solidly that Dean let out a breath, relaxing a bit, “Heat is about pack as much as it is about making babies. Every omega is different. You needing
“It’s alright.” Billie said calmly.
“Fuck.” Dean whispered. He didn’t
“It’s a penis. I’m not exaggerating when I say that I’ve seen thousands.” Dean laughed, using the sink counter as a balance to get his sweatpants fully off. He turned and saw himself in the mirror, his stomach sank. He looked awful. His skin had lost its color, he was too skinny. His ribs were showing. Colette met his gaze.
“No, but Bobby never met a rule that wasn’t meant to be broken.” She smiled fondly, “I’m Karen.”
“Sam.” Dean was able to whisper.
It was definitely because the alpha was sweaty, but his scent was strong. It curled around the garage and made Dean feel like even though it was hot—there was a cool breeze. It was refreshing.
.” Cain echoed his mate from minutes earlier, “You’re using the
“I’m not good at excepting help neither, but I’m told it makes me more pleasant to be around.” Also a line from Dean, which made him give a halfhearted laugh, “Go let that alpha help ya out, idjit. Work will be here.”
Dean shook his head, “Don’t think so.”
“Want to take stuff home for Cain and Colette?” Gabe asked, “I got a few more things I can give away.”
“I-I-I” Dean swallowed. For the thousandth time, Dean wished he didn’t panic around alphas. He couldn’t help it. He took a deep breath, “I’ll g-get w-water.” Dean abandoned the car to walk into the office. There was a refrigerator in Bobby’s office with some water bottles. The A/C in the office felt incredible even if it was a bit jarring, cooling Dean off as he reached for the water. He pulled two out, cracking open his own and taking a drink. The door opened, the alpha had followed him back into the office.
Colette stopped him from walking into the house, grabbing his shoulders, “It is good to hear your voice.”
“N-Not you.” Dean managed to mumble, “B-bed time.” He got up, feeling like his insides were turning inside out. Bobby said something as Dean walked up the stairs, but Dean didn’t hear him. He crawled into bed.
Dean was still shaking as he sat in the chair. No, he was hyperventilating. He was trying to keep it under control, but his vision was starting to go in and out. This was
“Your phone was buzzing while you were in the bathroom.” Cain pointed at the phone on the island. Dean frowned, seeing 10 missed calls from Bobby. He grabbed his phone and stepped out onto the back porch. It was a bit chilly outside, but it helped wake him up. He sipped on his coffee while it rang.
“Eight. They helped.”
Dean felt his insides sink. He knew Sam would come up with another excuse not to go home, but he was still crushingly disappointed, “N-n-not sur-surprised.” Dean answered. He was staring at the TV, but couldn’t really see it anymore.
“Hi, I’m Billie. I’m an omega. I think my parents thought I’d be a beta—just never occurred to them I’d be anything else other than an alpha or beta, ‘cause anything else would be assuming the
.” Dean flushed in embarrassment, but Colette didn’t let go.
“You two think you can come out now?” The doctor asked.
“Jody’s got a room all set up for you, ok? Just come in and chill. If you’re feeling up to it later, you can come talk to us—ok?” Dean nodded, he was completely unable to talk. The last time he had a bout this bad, it took him nearly a week to get out of it. He probably wouldn’t be able to get back to Bobby’s house, maybe this was a horrible idea.
It was a few more minutes before he heard the sliding door open and shut. Cain came out with a bowl and mug in his hands.
“Dean?” Colette murmured sleepily, “Did Cain already make you cry?” Dean laughed into his tears.
“Y-you h-have?” Dean asked. Cain was rubbing his back in smooth, circular motions. He tried to match his breathing with Cain's, slow and clam.
There was one aspect he couldn’t prepare for, and that was
“Okay Dean.” Sammy said.
“You’re welcome. I’m just sorry I couldn’t do more.” Castiel replied. Dean held up his arm with Cain’s bite on it.
Something cold was pressed to his forehead as he stood up, a phone pressed to his ear.
“Sorry.” Castiel murmured, “Not mad at you.”
“Holy shit.” Dean was drooling.
“It was written all over your face.” Bobby huffed, “She works with kids—she’s a counselor.”
“I can do that.” Castiel said excitedly.
“Dean?” Sam scowled at him and then turned around to look at John, “What are you doing? You’re killing him!” There was a growl and a painful yelp. Dean could just see Sam’s school bag by his feet. Why couldn’t he fucking
“I’m going to go talk to ‘em” Bobby said, opening the door, “I’ll be back.” The door slid shut. Dean looked to the doctor.
“Um—how does the IUD effect my heat?”
“How long has Ana been with you?” Cain asked.
“After the fire—Christ, I didn’t even hear about it until two weeks later. I kept calling the house, only to hear it was disconnected. I kept thinking John would show up with you two for the funeral—I called his phone and left messages—but he never answered.” She had her hands in her lap, her fingers running along the stitching of her jeans, “Finding you after that was difficult. And if John doesn’t want to be found—well that added another hiccup to our plan. And legally, he doesn’t owe us anything. But we kept trying. The cops called us three days ago saying that you and Sam were admitted to the hospital, and that your father was arrested.”
A new scent came in that Dean recognized from the blanket. It was like sandalwood, pine and snow. It soothed the rage in him a bit, allowing him to breathe. Dean didn’t want to remove the blanket to talk to whomever had come in, but he was comforted by the presence. A slow, gravely voice read to him—Dean could recognize passages from the Hobbit even in his current state.
Dean was eyeing the apple pie, so he took a bit of that first. He groaned—it was definitely the best pie he had ever eaten, “Shit, that’s fantastic.”
“L-least i-it’s not v-omit.” Ash had also been teaching Dean how he could slide past the stutter as easily as possible. And though he couldn’t pull off Ash’s easy draw that made him sound like he was just speaking slowly, Dean was able to pick up some tricks that limited his stutter.
“Oh good. I’m getting sick of Cain bragging about his cars. I want to brag back.” Castiel admitted as his slid his phone in his back pocket, “He shows off his Jaguar at every opportunity.” Dean blushed, “And Colette’s G-Wagon is the envy of everyone at the hospital.” Dean smiled at that too, “Everything alright with this one?” He waved at the Audi that Dean had worked on.
The door slamming open caused Dean to scream. With the radio playing in their room, he mustn’t have heard his father coming home. His heart was racing when he saw his Dad standing in the doorway. His shirt was messed up—and Dean could smell the booze from across the room, “What the fuck is this?” His father bellowed.
“You’re ok.” Colette whispered, getting into bed on the other side of him.
Missouri smiled at him, “Sugar, you fell head first into the point and still managed to miss it.” Dean scowled, “Cain has wanted you in his pack for
“Wanna go on a date with me on Friday?”
Dean smiled a bit, “Mama used to make everything so pretty.”
*      *      *
“Why don’t you two sit here, and I’ll start breakfast?” Cain asked. Dean couldn’t help the purr that came from his chest, being provided for by his alpha sounded
Closer look showed Garth’s left hand was deeply sliced, “We need to go to the hospital.” Dean said decidedly.
“C-course he was.” Dean said back, though it didn’t have the bite from earlier.
She tapped his foot, “You can pull them out of the stirrups now. And if you don’t mind, I will ask alpha to leave for a minute or two while I ask some questions without him here—then I’ll bring him back in.”
“The truck will mostly be for around town, so I won’t need a center console screen. Just something to connect my phone to the speakers.” Castiel pointed to another picture, “I quite like the detailing in that.”
“Hi everyone!” A floppy haired guy slides onto the screen, kissing Billie’s cheek, “I’m Justin, I’m an alpha and Billie’s boyfriend.”
“Not an alpha.” Sam grumbled.
“I am! But I like chem better than bio—the math is great.”
“You’ve never told me wrong yet.” Benny said confidently, “I’ll tell Andrea that, she’ll be thrilled. I’ve been makin’ her spicy food every day in hopes it’ll push that puppy out. But baby seems happy to curl up with Andrea.”
Dean slouched in his chair. He considered himself rather lucky that at least his heats weren’t too bad. He got them occasionally when Sam was his alpha—but they were always light and lasted only three days. Omegas without a partner to satiate their heat needed to be in their nest and keeping their alpha’s scent close. It wasn’t a sexual thing, but one for comfort and rest. Other members of the pack’s scent were also important. Colette had her heat a few weeks ago and had stolen two of Dean’s flannel shirts. She also snuggled with him between flair ups, wanting to be close to her other pack member.
“This is for you Dean.” Missouri handed him a folder and a notebook. He flipped open the notebook to see a bunch of letters, some checklists.
do, I will tell you.”
“When was your last heat?” Mr. Paterson asked kindly.
again.
Cas sighed, “I will talk to the nurse who weighed you. I don’t use weight as a factor without the patient history. You have gained weight at a healthy rate, you should be proud of your accomplishment.”
Dean huffed, offended, “Course, been playing too long not to be. I stay more toward the story plot lines. I get the side quests when I can, but I’ve built up an arsenal and won my own castle in the meantime.”
. He felt
“Dean” She whispered his name heart broken. It brought tears to his eyes so he shook his head a bit.
“The boy needs an alpha.” The doctor said again, “after all this—he will need it for his nerves.”
They walked back into Dean’s room and put the new sheets on his bed. Dean dragged the weighted blanket back as well. They climbed back into bed after Dean fussed with the pillows, hiding Cas’s shirt in his own pillow during process. If Cain saw it—well, he didn’t say anything. Dean climbed in and tried to stay as far away from Cain as possible.
Dean offered up his arm and Cain gently pushed back the flannel sleeve. Cain's mark on Dean’s arm was still new, barely scabbed over from the first bite. It was healing quite well, already looking more prominent than the other two pack mark’s on Dean’s arm. His father’s barely showed up at all—and Sam’s was fading. In a flash, Cain had bit down again. Dean had heard that pack marks didn’t hurt, but he hadn’t understood until this very moment. Dean didn’t feel the canines in his arm—but the worry and compassion from Cain. Cain took all the pain away, not letting Dean feel it for a moment.
“What are you doing?” He heard Sam cry out, “DAD!” There was a growl.
He flushed red as soon as he did it.
“Oh sugar, you are already looking better.” Missouri said as soon as he walked out into the living room. He smiled as he sat down at the table next to her.
happen. And once Cain was given some leeway, he certainly took advantage of it. Dean’s chest eased a bit, now feeling a bit more comfortable to sit down on the barstool near Castiel. He didn’t know why his inner instincts now felt a bit more comfortable after Cain’s scent marking—but it worked.
“Fine.” Dean moved to sit up.
“You trying to steal my mechanic?” Cain asked, his voice a bit louder than usual as he stepped into the garage. Dean noticed he took a stance between Castiel and himself, a protective alpha. Dean appreciated it even though he wasn’t Cain’s.
“I’ll be back in a bit.” Bobby said.
Dean can hear his parents arguing, but he doesn’t particularly care at the moment. He’s holding his baby brother. The little tyke was just about perfect. His dark hair was already long even though he was only a few months old. Dean sort of liked that he looked like an alien. He was five years old, and he
“Yeah. He’s on the next floor up. His office is on the end. I don’t think he is in surgery, but he might be.”
Dean wondered if it was possible to spontaneously have your heart stop working, “What?”
“When was the last time?”
uncomfortable all of class. He wasn’t sure if he was getting sick, but he didn’t have time for it.
“Hey, you’re ok.” Castiel said immediately, his cool scent permeating the room. The door closed behind him as he stepped inside.
“Is Gabe in your pack too?” Colette asked.
“Oh shit, I am so sorry!” The waitress cried. Dean managed to catch the glass to keep it from breaking.
“It does
Castiel tilted his head, considering, “Continued stress and an unstable bond would lessen your heat’s intensity. Given that the alpha that raised you was also not supportive—you might have never experienced your heat as a fully mature omega. Many studies have been done that show hormone levels adjusting and suppressing depending on the strength of the bond.
.” She said again, “He will get one of my
“Don’t skimp on heat toys.” Ana said resolutely, “You won’t regret it.”
"By the time his j-junior year s-started, it was l-like egg sh-shells. S-sam was always g-going to go to Stanford. H-helped him w-with the application my-myself. He g-got in—that was a g-good day. W-was hoping d-distance from Ruby would m-make them break up.” Dean rubbed his leg, drawing himself tighter, “P-party g-got broken up senior y-year. Cocaine. O-other drugs. S-sam was high. I found out a-about and snuck him out before the c-cops got ‘em. Ruby g-got arrested. Bobby w-was p-pissed. S-sent him to a rehab. S-sam was p-pissed we broke up R-ruby and him. Came b-back home before he was supposed t-to leave for school.” Dean felt tears in his eyes but he kept them from falling as he whispered the last part, “S-said it was my fault, b-broke the bond and left.”
But it was too soon. Too uncomfortable. Painful, like a limb that had fallen asleep. So he didn’t.
. Was Cain’s swift answer.
“I am unsure why you refused to believe this patient for so long. She came in with abdominal pain and your repeated advice was for the patient to lose weight.” Castiel’s voice was calm, but it was lethal. The snowy scent was sharp.
“Be still my heart.” Dean
“Budget?” Dean asked.
They exchanged the usual pleasantries before Dean went back to check on Garth. He was back to his usual optimistic self, though it definitely had to do with the pain meds he had been given. The good news was that the cut wasn’t too deep, bad news was that he still needed to be off it awhile.
The steady beeping noise is what first brought him into consciousness. He could smell Sammy was curled up next to him, even though it all smelled a bit like antiseptic. He buried his nose into Sammy’s hair.
“Try not to get ketchup everywhere.” Bobby huffed, sitting down on the chair next to Karen. Sam scrambled up on the bed, already more than half-way done his milkshake.
“Little brother?” Dean asked, feeling like he was detached from his body.
nests. That you are
“Yeah, he is. He works at the hospital sometimes, but he has his own practice. I haven’t really had many conversations with him other than in the OR. Cain, do you know Castiel?”
Castiel nodded, “I can be here—if you don’t mind?”
trust Paterson. Dean stood up, nearly collapsing back again. He didn’t know if he wanted to throw up or curl into a ball, but neither seemed like a good option.
“T-think so.” Dean said, wondering if that were true.
“Not dirty dishes.” Cas countered.
“Y-you s-sure?” Dean stuttered, laying down.
“Those poor boys.” Karen whispered.
“It’s a bit different working at our place.” Colette said calmly, “Can Castiel have the cars brought to our garage?”
He got back to the house that night, Bobby chattering on the phone as Dean filled up his bottle of water to go to bed. Dean couldn’t really make out the words from Bobby’s study, but he could tell the beta was a bit angry. He checked the score of the evening football game, it wasn’t too far into the game yet as he propped up his feet on the coffee table. His shift the next day was early, so he didn’t want to stay up too late on a Monday night to finish the game. The days were starting to get shorter, so it was almost dark outside.
“Dean?” Sammy whispered into Dean’s arm.
“Oh—he’s not—yeah, I mean—sure.” Dean flushed red as Billie walked to the door.
Dean preened a bit at the praise of his pack, “She’s a bad ass bitch.” Billie moved to the other side.
he could take care of his brother.
Dean asked.
Cain wrapped his arms around Dean’s shoulders, pulling him close and kissed his forehead, “We’ll work on it.”
“I got extra toothbrushes, come on.” She encouraged. Dean followed mindlessly, not quite sure what to do other than follow the lead. Colette gave him a toothbrush and toothpaste, showed him a bathroom and left him alone. He looked horrible, his cheeks sunken in a bit. It was hard for him to gain weight, but he looked more underweight than usual. He stopped staring at himself and looked in the bowl as he brushed his teeth, watching the toothpaste go down the drain. He cleaned his face up as best he could before walking back into the kitchen. Colette wasn’t back yet, so Dean made his way to the barstools that were across from where Cain was cooking. As soon as he sat down, Cain passed him a mug of coffee.
“I got a few alpha issues of my own.” Castiel said, his cheeks red.
“Dean, since you’ve been drinking, do you want me to drive your car home?” Dean squeezed his low-ball glass, “I can have Cain follow us.” Before Dean could help it, he whined. Whined like he was being separated from
Thankfully, his heat was short and his father decided to be the drunk he was and stay out all weekend. Dean read that many times the first heat was short, and he was glad that it was. Sammy took care of him, and helped him do his homework for the weekend. They aired out the room to get rid of the smell, and Dean was feeling confident for his classes on Monday.
“No—never had one—shit. I have to walk home Sammy after school.”
Cas also sat on the other side of Dean. His cool scent helped as well. Dean felt protected surrounded by the two alphas, allowing his nerves to settle. Ana quickly introduced the new red-headed alpha that sat down at the table. Charlie was perfect for Ana. She also had no problems challenging Cain, who found it endlessly amusing.
“Dean?” Sammy was in the doorway.
“Dean.” Cain made a choked sound, “Please look at me.” It wasn’t an order, but the omega in Dean found it difficult to refuse. He rolled over. Cain was crying. Dean couldn’t help but want to reach out and wipe away his tears, whimpering in distress, “Please give me the chance to prove to you that you’re a great omega. I know I can show you.” Dean frowned, “If you let me. Please.”
Dean was still a little shaken when he sat down for wings. He made sure he was on the side of the table with his back to the rest of the room. But even as he did it, he was surprised by how far he had come so far. Just a few weeks ago, going to this restaurant would have been all he could manage to do that week. He would have made sure to sit himself by the emergency exit, and had a plan to leave early if he couldn’t handle it. And there would be no way he could have spoken. And if he had an incident earlier that day? There would be
Dean worked slowly, he knew that. But this baby demanded perfection. She was smiling back at him, he was sure of it. Sometimes slow was the best, especially on something like this. Every little detail mattered. His hands were cramping up, but it was worth it.
. Dean looked up at Cain, “W-wow.”
“Also been used in a few brain washing cults—some religions. I was named after an angel.” It seemed like a non-sequitur, but Dean was a pro at reading between the lines since he practically invented it.
“Pack smell is important.” She said as he raised a brow.
“Can’t help it. Alpha needs to make sure Castiel knows he’s protected.” Cain licked Dean for dramatic effect behind his ear as a scent mark, which made Dean laugh. Since going to the Omega House, Dean was learning to
“I know.” Dean grumbled.
alphas.” Billie said with a grin, “We’re equals. We’re partners. He doesn’t think he owns more.”
He had to
“S-sam.” Dean whispered down into his lap.
“Nu-uh.” Colette shook her head, “Pack bedtime. Missouri’s orders.”
“Fine.” Dean managed to get out between grit teeth. He liked her, but he was still apprehensive. She wheeled closer to his legs which she placed in the stirrups one by one. The blanket still covered everything, and he was too far up on the chair but it still made his heart beat rise, so he squeezed Cas's hand tighter.
“He is also aware of the small percentage of people who suffer from ARS become infertile.”
“Castiel certainly felt the potential of what Jack could become. My brother did more to save this world simply by raising that boy in it. We have a chance.”
“Oh.” He said, glancing down between them. “That could be inconvenient.”
Castiel coughed, bowing forward, hand to his throat. The rumbling rolled through him, tickling his senses, energizing the very core of his creation. The cells in his body hummed with it, he could feel the molecules vibrate within him, and Castiel’s eyes widened, head snapping up, watching as more and more angels, and even demons, were awakened, huddling in groups to combat the nothingness around them, whispering, talking, touching for comfort.
Michael landed beside them in a flutter of wings that made his heart skip at the familiarity of it. There was even a hint of ozone that comforted him for just a moment. With a sign an clearing of his throat, Dean rolled his shoulders and nodded to Michael in favor of acknowledging the momentary slip in his armor. The archangel inclined his head and Sam stepped forward, chanting in Babylonian. The copper braziers smoking, curling in blue fog till he dropped the match into the central one and beams of light shot up into the sky.
Michael spun a circuit, his archangel blade angled for Chuck's throat. His arm hit Chuck's wrist, stopped dead in its path by God’s might, and not a single inch of ground was lost. The angel blade tumbled from his hand, the way his arm fell to his side, Dean knew the angel was hurt, and watching him go up against God was like flying headfirst into a mountainside using a hang glider in hopes of moving it.
“No, Sammy,” he finally raised his eyes to look at him, knowing full well his blood shot eyes, the way his face felt way too slack from lack of sobriety to fool Sam, “No. He can’t be destroyed. Using Jack as a bomb was our only option for that. Do I regret not shoving him in that room?” he hated himself. He truly did. He shook his head, and pulled that damn bottle to him and drank straight from it. Tears welling at the corner of his eyes, because he did, he regretted it because if they had followed the plan, would Cass still be here? He hated himself. he hated himself. “But the kid ain’t a bomb. He’s not even an archangel. He’s nephilim; a powerful archangel baby nephilim; but he’s not a god. He’s just a juiced up two-year-old.”
Castiel gazed upon him and wanted nothing more than to assure this man everything would be all right. So, he squeezed his fingers, and Dean’s eyes met his, a little scared, a lot hopeful, and Castiel slid across the bucket seat, just to sit a little closer. Dean’s eyes grew wide, throat bobbing, and Castiel ignored the long-ago insistence for personal space.
Dean furrowed his brow, confused. “What are you talking about? Cass will be here.”
"Because I want Adam back." He whispered, meeting his eyes. "He became my closest companion while my Father left me locked in the cage. Adam didn't deserve to be taken, used, manipulated like he was. He deserved to live a long and happy life; but he won't get that if you don't let me go."
Dean tugged on Sam’s arm, army crawling across the gravel, groaning from the pain in his leg, his arm, and spots of black flashing in front of his eyes. But Dean crawled, teeth clenched and a fire in his belly. Sam at his side, his broken arm dangling awkwardly at his side. He kept his eyes on Jack, squinting past the dirt and debris swirling around them. Dean dragged himself to Jack and reached for him, gripping his pant leg. “Kick it in the ass, kid!”
Dean leaned back in the front seat, arm resting along the bucket seat, watching Sam kiss and hold Eileen, nearly sobbing as she cupped his face and wiped his tears away and didn't complain when he lifted her off her feet to just hold her as close as possible.
“I will. I’ll do it.”
Hades shifted on his throne, his wife’s hand sliding away as she tilted her head. “I don’t make deals.” His voice hardened, and the throne room quivered at his voice.
Dean’s brain short circuited. “But…”
That image, that fantasy of growing old with the angel felt like truth-of-truths crowding into his soul and filling him to bursting because he knew, no matter what lie he could have told himself, he would have been happy growing old like that. Growing old with Cass.
Except one. The Empty dragged his last moments with Dean to the forefront, forcing him to gaze upon Dean’s face as he told him everything, felt the joy, the love, the pure unadulterated happiness well up inside him—and the Empty leaned in close, whispering in his ear, “You destroyed him by telling him that.” And the Empty showed a broken Dean Winchester sobbing on the floor of the dungeon, one small last glimpse of the outside world before the Empty returned to its nothingness world, holding onto that one detail for just this instance on the off chance Castiel woke up. “And you’re mine, forever.”
After all, souls were far more beautiful than perfect heavenly beings; and Castiel had been the first of the angels to change, to grow, and to love.
Tilting his head and considering his words, Jack nodded and faced the archangel, eager. “Uncle Michael, I want to help. I feel like... I feel like I’m not done, like there is more to my story. But I don’t know what I can do without my powers.”
“It took me a long time to understand that even though he is my biological father, I don’t have to be like him.” Jack whispered.
What if it was night? Shit… would he have to stand out in the dark, waiting for sunrise? Panic took him and Dean swore, taking the spiraling stairs, doing everything he could to stare up at the entrance and not look back or to the side. He was right there. He had to believe Cass was right there with him.
“I liked that very much.” Castiel whispered, voice rough and breathy.
The whole Lucifer thing was fucked up to begin with, but realizing that Lucifer honestly believed Chuck brought him back because he cared? That was fucked up.
Sam wasn't even looking at him, just staring at his hands, shoulders slumped and face long.
“Hey, kid. You doing okay?” Michael walked across the room, replacing the book he had been reading on the shelf and taking the next one in line.
He inhaled, sharp and fast, though it felt like no air filled his lungs. There was nothing. Just blackness, infinite, nothingness all around him.
With all the power of the ballads he grew up with, the new, the old, every love song he ever gave a passing interest in and had bothered to learn, he sang the songs that devastated him with their raw honesty because they spoke to him of truths he had buried down so deep he thought himself unable to be loved. He sang to release. He sang to plead. To reveal. And he sang for the man who shattered all his walls and made him believe.
Dean lay there in bed, staring up at his ceiling, pressing a fingertip to his lips, still feeling the chapped and welcoming kiss linger there, teasing him, urging him for more—and Dean threw his arm over his eyes, wishing he had.
"Gone bat shit crazy?"
Dean scoffed, “He’s two-years-old. What could he possibly have that Chuck doesn’t?”
But he was a goddamn Winchester.
But it also had a little to do with Jack.
The shuffle of feet walked around him, stopping in front of him, blocking the setting sun and leaving his skin suddenly cold. Dean lifted his face, eyes open, and he choked on his moan. Before him, the dark clouds lined by golden light from the sun, the hues of the evening sky stretching in endless blues and violets and tipped in reds and oranges, like wings stretching across the world, Castiel gazed down at him with his head tilted and soft smile on his lips.
Chuck scowled and Dean bore his teeth, pressing a hand to his shoulder as Chuck in turn raised his fingers, preparing to snap, “I’m so sick of you and Sam.” He said.
He’d forgotten about the Sioux Falls land. The idea that Bobby really had thought of them as sons and left them an inheritance had floored him after Sam told him about the lawyers several months after he got back from Purgatory. It had been so strange, the idea they had a place they could go home to, could build a home on, could set down roots—at the time it had been nothing more than a drunken dream because of one apocalypse after another. But now, after Team Free Will actually won the free will of the world back? His chest tightened and he heard his blood rush in his ears.
“Hey Castiel.” Dean said, walking up. The scowl instantly disappeared when he faced Dean.
“I didn’t know he brought in extras.” Castiel said with a smile, like he was proud, “Gabriel owns Baked for Baked on Main Street.”
Dean never quite knew if it happened that night or not. In his head the memories sort of blurred together. But there was a fire that killed his mother. He just remembered holding Sammy when the ambulance got there, being almost catatonic about letting him out of his arms. He remembered the sirens that just never stopped, and then doctors that kept asking questions. He knew his father was there somewhere, but he never came into Dean’s room until the day he was supposed to leave.
“We can sit at the table.” Colette interjected.
” She gasped. She launched herself onto Dean, rubbing her scent all over him, “I
Castiel took a breath, “I apologize if I came off condescending. Ana calls it my ‘doctor voice’
“It is when an alpha does not do right by the omegas in their care—the alpha doesn’t let the omega know how much they are loved, cherished. The omegas instincts are to care, when the alpha says they are not enough over and over again, the omegas nervous system starts to act on itself—do you know what that is Sammy?”
Cain let out a shaky breath, putting his mug down and turning to face Dean a bit more, “But now you know why—I won’t ever leave behind a pack member ever again. Ok? Because of my neglect—I lost my brother, his mate and his children. I never
“They did the best they could.”
“No.” Dean said it slowly, “B-but he can’t m-mean it.”
“Yeah.” Dean answered.
“You sound like a doctor.”
Cain took a sharp breath, “Mara and her kids want nothing to do with me. They had hundreds of thousands of dollars in medical debt that I paid off—but Mara saw it for what it was—an attempt to buy them off. To
“I’ll ask him.” Ana said, putting her phone away.
“Want a glass?” He asked.
“IUD will have the least impact on your hormones, since it is already of some concern for you. It is also the easiest, as you won’t have to do anything for three to ten years depending on which one you choose. Considering your age and you marked on your form that you do want pups at some point, I would recommend the five year one.”
“Wow,
“Hello Dean.” His deep voice made Dean smile, “Tried to wait for him to take it off the truck until you told him where to go. He didn’t want to listen.”
Cain nodded, bringing over sandwiches. Colette came over to the table, sitting next to Cain. The two opened their folder.
When Dean woke up again, there was a woman in the room. She was sitting in one of the chairs, sewing something plaid in her lap.
“Yeah, just a d-drink.” Dean said.
“Cain—as in Cain
“Cream? Sugar?” Dean shook his head.
“Cain grabbed some beer.”
"Course you didn't!" Gabe declared, his face uncharacteristically serious, "What the fuck? Why would he think that?"
“Dean?” A nurse in the doorway called his name. He could still run for it, but for some reason his feet went in the direction of the nurse. They took his blood pressure, which was a little high. But he doesn’t admit to being nervous. They weighed him, recommending that he put on more weight. He frowned at that—he had already put on weight. He was proud of how much he had gained.
“Can I ask why you are hoping your libido does not come back during your heat?” Missouri asked.
A few years ago, Dean had posted his work on Instagram about his work on classic cars. He had gone to a few shows with Bobby, who knew a few people in the industry that had liked, commented and shared. Cain happened to see a picture of his work in one of the car pamphlets that they had at a classic show and read up on him. And since Dean lived close by, Cain opted to have him work on something small to test the waters. Not many people worked on classic cars as well as Dean did, there were only a few in the country. Cain had been prepared to send his cars farther in order to get the best work done—but close was better. Dean had been overwhelmed by the offer at first, nearly coming in his pants when he saw the car he got to work on. His hands were shaking when he first started, but the tune up had gone really well. Cain had several projects that he was working on, collecting old parts. Dean helped. Cain paid him too much to do it and didn’t expect too much out of Dean. Dean didn’t talk too much, he couldn’t work sometimes when his symptoms acted up. He took too much time.
“You smell terrible to me too if it makes you feel better.” Paterson said with a half-smile, and Dean did chuckle. He closed his eyes, trying not to think about how his entire body felt like caving in on itself. They backed out of the parking lot.
“Dean! How is my dear Ruth?” That is what Cain called his Rolls Royce that Dean had been working on. Dean found out Cain called it that because he thought that it looked a bit like a hearse, so he wanted to name it an ‘old name’.
Benny was quiet for a minute, “Ford F250, 2010 so it’s a bit older. Still runs smooth—thanks to you.” Benny smiled. Dean blushed.
“Dean, sleep.” Alpha huffed, wrapping his arm around Dean’s middle. It wasn’t an order, but Dean still felt like he should listen. The purr softened, less demanding. And before Dean could help himself, his eyes drifted shut.
“Hey Meg.” Ana greeted with a smile, “Brought a new customer.”
“Tons.” Dean affirmed. He opened the uniform closet and grabbed one of the printed t-shirts with ‘Singer's Auto’ written on it. He tossed it over to Castiel.
. Dean texted back.
“You n-need water dude.” Dean said.
“Yes.”
They didn’t run into anyone, thankfully, on their walk to the room that was set up for him. The couch had multiple blankets out already, the remote on the coffee table. Dean didn’t hesitate before curling up on the couch, pulling his own blanket back over his head. Pam rubbed his arm.
“Yeah—‘course, man.” Dean nodded. Ash nodded back.
“Nope, ready to go back to work.” Dean said with a grin, “Got a pick-up I need to work on. Bitch of a customer.” Castiel frowned, “I’m teasing Cas.” The scowl flipped immediately to a wide grin.
“Now, Ana is here today. Go and talk to her.”
there were others. He saw their stories on the internet. But hearing them through a screen and talking to people in real life made a massive difference to his psyche. For the first time in forever, Dean felt like his symptoms were slightly improving. They would never recover without an alpha, but at least he was happier. He slid under the car on one of Cain’s fancy creepers to make sure everything underneath looked sound. It had been driven since the last time Dean had worked on it, so there were a few things that he could clean up to make sure everything was running smoothly. He hummed along to Led Zeppelin playing through the speakers in the garage.
“S-Sam.” Dean stated, feeling anxiety ripple through him even as he said the name. He had barely spoken about him since he left. He threw a home fry in his mouth, but it didn’t taste like it should after saying Sam’s name.
“Drink.” He ordered sternly.
“I went with Gabe and Ana to the heat store yesterday. I got electrolyte packets, protein bars and a bunch of stuff.”
“Dean.” She said his name again.
As soon as they took Garth back, Dean gave a call to his wife. She was fairly used to these types of calls, since Garth tended to be a clumsy person. She promised to meet Garth at the hospital, freeing Dean from driving him home.
“I promise, Dean. I promise to treat you with the love and respect you deserve. I can be a good alpha.” Dean had no doubts Cain was a good alpha, so he thought it was a weird thing to say. Dean was just a bad omega. He held out his arm for Cain. Cain didn’t hesitate, biting on his forearm to seal the pack bond. Dean felt a rush of emotions—concern, sadness. Anguish. Dean couldn’t breathe.
Dean shook his head, “Just did a normal t-tune up.”
“Just—don’t l-like w-walking through crowds.” Dean murmured, he let out a sigh. He knew he could
Missouri laughed, “You need to talk to other omegas, get an idea of what they like so you can go buy something as well. It might be more comforting to go with another omega to the shop. You need to actually buy something, not just hope it never happens.” Missouri warned, “Different heats effect everyone differently, so be prepared for lots of options. Pam’s libido came back very quickly, but Ana’s didn’t for an entire year.”
Dean wasn’t working under the car too long before he heard Colette drive up. He was just sliding out from underneath the car when Colette’s sneakered feet in scrubs hopped out of her Mercedes.
Dean frowned, “But I just joined Cain’s pack.”
“And I didn’t know that you
He managed to get himself out of the tub, dried his body off himself as Colette towel tried his hair like he was a pup. She brought him a set of his own clean boxer briefs, sweatpants and a shirt of Cain’s.
“Are you fucking kidding me? Look at him!” He sounded distressed, “I’ve never seen it so bad before.”
“You did?” Sammy encouraged, still weaving his small fingers through Dean’s hair.
.” Charlie told Ana, “I didn’t even know you lived in Seattle!”
Billie looked like an LA kind of guy. He had his hair all spiked up and make-up on. Which didn’t make Dean angry, it just wasn’t who he was. Dean didn’t like looking all fancy like that. Frowning, he still clicked the video.
He was in
Nearly as soon as Dean helped Garth into the entry way, there were people around him. Garth had gotten paler the closer they got, so Dean was very glad they made the decision to go to the hospital.
“What do you mean?” Sam asked.
“J-john?” Dean asked, looking from the doctor to Bobby.
“Dean.” The voice was so far away he couldn’t think about it. His vision was collapsing, he had to hide. Cain was going to get rid of him too. Because he was a terrible omega. He made the worst nests. No one should want to nest with him. He was too big. He took up too much space. His heart rate was too fast and too loud. His lungs were too big for his chest.
“You got internet?” Paterson asked.
Missouri came back in after a while. Her and the alpha talking low, but Dean couldn’t hear what they were saying. They both sounded upset.
“I can head to your house, start packing up your stuff.” Bobby said.
“N-not angry w-with me?”
“Ash?” Dean called out.
“For you.” Cain offered a plate of scrambled eggs, bacon and toast. Cain must have pulled out all the stops for breakfast because it looked delicious.
“Hey.” Bobby huffed as he sat down on the couch.
Dean nodded, letting out a sigh of relief, “Thank you.”
“T-thank you.” Dean said.
“Thank
Cain wanted him.
Castiel gave a wet laugh, “Great question.” Dean couldn’t help but touch one of the scars.
to get those towels. It was difficult to get out of bed, the knot rolling inside him. But there was no fucking way he would take it out at the moment. He managed to reach the towels, a protein bar and an electrolyte packet. He wiped himself off as best he could, crawling back into his nest. It smelled like sex.
“I’m not wearing a button-down, dude.”
? How is it? I haven’t used it yet.”
Dean nodded, “My d-dad was-wasn’t—” He cleared his throat, “Doesn’t l-like having an o-omega for a son.”
Meg scowled, “She’s been through a lot.”
The stories were balms to Dean who had always felt alone in his struggles. He
“Nah, Cas is great. Cain’s my alpha—he is probably going to be devastated that I tried to do this alone. My last heat, I recovered the best—probably ever. He embarrassed the shit outta me, but I think that’s usual Dad joke behavior.”
“G-gender?” Dean asked.
“Nice t-to m-meet y-you.” Pam said with a smile. Her slight stutter made Dean want to smile. Someone who finally spoke like Dean. He nodded back, taking the chair next to her.
“You alright?” Cain asked quietly, turning from his conversation with Gabe.
“Think you can get up? I’ll get the scotch out—this conversation needs it.” Gabriel said as he wiggled to get up.
WARNINGS: homophobic language-- Dean is at a low point, flashbacks to his father's language emerge in his own vernacular
“Quick shower, then food.” Colette nudged him toward the hallway. Dean had taken to keeping some clothes in the guest bedroom if he needed them. Dean was sure that was also helping him stabilize a bit more. It wasn’t an alpha bond, necessarily, but a consistent alpha certainly helped.
“Your father must have.” Missouri touched his father’s bite.
“Daddy,
“Come on, Alpha. Not trying to take Dean away from you. Let’s go to bed.” She moved to the other side of Cain to help push him foreword. Cain scented the air, immediately licking the mating mark on Colette’s neck, “Oh for heaven’s sake, Alpha. Come on you big lug.” Dean was comforted that even in Cain’s more instinctual state, he still seemed to know the difference between Colette and Dean. They made slow progress moving back to their bedroom, mostly due to Cain being a ‘snuggle monster’ and Dean’s inability to keep from laughing. By the time they got Cain to his bed, Dean’s stomach hurt from laughing so hard and trying to keep quiet.
“Sorry.” Dean took a sharp breath, coming back to himself.
Dean took a shaky breath. Sam was never coming back. Sam didn’t want him anymore. Didn’t need him. Waiting for his alpha to come back was useless. No one would ever want him. Maybe Cain…Cain had been here for him. Had let him stay. Huddled under the blanket with him.
“But he’s not one of
Dean learns that asking for things that he needs is a totally AWESOME thing to do.
“Flair up.” Dean confessed.
“Don’t think we have that much.” Dean said, “Unless you have a small car.”
“Sorry, thought I was loud enough.” He grinned, “She ready yet?”
“More intense than what I remember—but I dunno if my diagnosis has impacted it.”
“Have to file some court documents—Doc, I know I’m not an alpha, but these boys are family. Mary and John’s will had me as their guardian if anything happened, and I plan to honor that promise.”
“Dean?” There was a knock on the door and he turned up. The curtain blocking the doorway pulled back.
After work, Dean picked up all the necessary ingredients. They had a fryer in the kitchen, and Dean was going to use it. He picked up fixings for fries and onion rings—because he could. He was familiar enough with their spice cabinet to know what he didn’t have to grab.
.” Pain exploded everywhere, Dean wasn’t quite sure what to do with himself. His entire body was shaking, “This whole place is
Dean woke up in his familiar guest room at Cain and Colette’s. It smelled like anxiety and worry. His eyes slowly blinked open to Colette who was curled up right beside him. She was asleep, her arm wrapped around his stomach. He turned over to see Cain passed out in a leather chair beside the bed. He looked down at his left arm to make sure it was true—he had Cain’s mark on his left arm. It was cleaned up, but the bite mark was sealed. He could feel the pulsating bond between them.
“I’ll take p-pictures tomorrow for a before and after. I’ll start stripping it t-tomorrow.”
“We’re going to try something called Alpha Exposure.” She told him a few times, knowing that he was going in and out of his ability to understand anything she was saying, “Gunna help pull you out of this funk.” Dean didn’t know what alpha exposure was, but it didn’t sound like something good. He could tell she was worried, but he couldn’t get himself to talk about it. He couldn’t care. He curled back into the blankets, not wanting to do anything. Missouri kept talking to him even when he couldn’t really listen. Her even tone bringing him comfort even when he didn’t want to move.
“Dean?” Cain said his name, “Dean!”
“You definitely got the stuff to make good pie.” Benny told him, “Alright y’all gather around the island. We’re gunna start as soon as I get most of this shit unloaded. Each of ya got bins with your name on it—now I did the tough part and premade the pie crust with a blind bake. So they are already to go.”
“N-n-n-not su-sure wh-what’s b-broken.” Dean stuttered again, Sammy pat Dean’s arm.
Dean wasn’t surprised that no one really said anything when he came back to Bobby’s garage. Bobby wasn’t there for some reason, but it looked like Garth had a handle on everything. Garth was the exception to the silence, giving him a hug and hoping that he felt better. The other’s just nodded—but Dean knew his coffee would be topped off without asking. And a massive sub found its way to his bench without prompting.
” Cain told him.
Colette texted in a group text with him and Cain.
When he left that night, Dean knew he was going to at least try to work on his cars. Maybe it would be better if Ana staid there with him while he was working, that might make his nerves a bit better.
“Sorry! Thought ya heard me. Man named Castiel is here with his truck.” Dean brightened, jumping up off the bench. The tow truck was lowering the busted-up truck onto the ground. Castiel was watching the whole process with his arms crossed, a scowl on his face.
I never wanted this. I never wanted a fucking pussy ass
“I t-try not to tell random people on the internet where-where I l-live.” Dean said.
“You’re leaving?” Sam asked.
“Well, I’m smarter than you.” Sam said with a pout.
“Yeah—bathroom.” Bathrooms at sports bars were always a toss-up. Never knew when some asshole knot head would make an omega comment. He was glad there wasn’t anyone in the restroom, so he walked over to the sink to splash some water on his face. He had to remind himself that a few months ago, if an Alpha had launched themselves at him, he would have jumped back. He would have probably just walked out of the bar. Missouri’s easy voice in his head reminded him that he had come a long way—to take this as a win. He let out a slow breath, collecting himself a bit before walking back into the bar.
“N-n-not g-good.” Dean was able to stutter into the couch cushion.
“I have your number. I can call tomorrow when I drop it off at Bobby’s?” Castiel asked, standing up. He stretched a bit after sitting down for so long. Dean nodded, “What time should I drop it off? I’ve got patients until about 2.”
“Hey! What is that?” Cain asked, maneuvering on the couch so he could see Dean.
Dean nodded, “H-he d-didn’t w-want people to-to know.”
“Fine.” A doctor walked out of the open door, a scowl on his face. Dean was rethinking his idea to pop in on Castiel, maybe it wasn’t such a good idea.
“Wh-what if she tells me I can’t have pups? What if she says I’m the worst omega she’s seen?” Dean was already shaking his head. He could already hear it. Already hear the conclusion he already
“Benny should be here soon.” Jody said. They took the dismissal for what it was, walking into the kitchen there was one woman already sitting there.
He could hear the sounds of the house, people laughing and murmuring of talking. He wasn’t sure what was going on, but Pam was right. He felt a little better hearing the commotion than he did at home alone. He managed to text Bobby that he was staying at the Omega house for a bit. He tried using some of the blankets from the omega house to help. Some were horrible, so he threw them behind the couch, or as far away as he could. He settled on one that smelled the best.
Before Dean had a moment to protest, she hung up on him. Typical. He let his hand flop over as he laid in bed, his whole body ached and he felt like he had just lost something. He took a deep breath, trying to remind himself that he was
Don’t they have cheaper options?”
you. I don’t know if you know that. Ana seemed to think that you didn’t, but I was certain you did.” Dean couldn’t get on his clothes fast enough. He yanked his shirt over his head.
“Work—
“Perfect. If you run out of anything, there is stuff in the linen closet in the hallway outside your room.” Dean nodded along. In no time at all, Dean was eating a breakfast sandwich made by Colette—well, he toasted the bread. It felt wonderful to be taken care of, it made him feel warm. Colette nuzzled up next to him while he ate, rubbing his back as she talked out her plans for the rest of the week. Cuddling with Colette didn't feel the same as Cain, but it felt just as necessary.
of his worries.” Colette said with a growl. Dean looked over to her with an incredulous eyebrow, “
Ana and Gabe were poking around some stuff that they hadn’t seen before as Dean checked out. Meg was scanning with efficiency when a photo caught Dean’s eye. It was of Meg, she was kissing the cheek of another woman in the photo—it was Ruby.
“Yeah.” Dean called back.
“Yeah.”
fuckin’ better than what my mother did to me. She didn’t like that I was an omega—a sin against God or something.” Gabriel huffed, “I left as Castiel was growing up—thought he would be fine without me.” The door opened again, Castiel slipped in and also sat down on the floor. Dean took a deep breath, trying not to shake. The smell of pine helped loosen his jaw as he stared at the floor.
“Dean?” Colette whispered. Dean woke with a deep breath, forgetting where he was. It was cold, his cheeks were frozen but otherwise he felt like he was sitting next to a furnace. A strong arm had wrapped around his waist, making it nearly impossible to move. Cain’s nose was buried into Dean’s shoulder.
Dean made a charcuterie board just like Colette had taught him. He just slid it over the counter when his phone vibrated. He bit his lip when he saw Cain’s name across his phone. His heart nearly stopped in his chest. Every instinct was telling him not to read the text because it was going to be something along the lines of 'sorry, can't make it'. His hand was shaking as he opened his phone.
“C-Cas?” Dean asked.
“He’s had it about—ten years now?” Cain started sliding plates towards each person.
“I promise I’ll grab what I can. I’ll grab some boxes on the way there, anything we don’t fit in the car can be shipped later.”
“That’s Ruby.” He pointed.
“He is a bit worried since it was more intense than what he remembers.” Castiel’s deep voice. Castiel remembered their conversation from earlier, it nearly made Dean want to pur.
“Much better.” Castiel said with a grin, handing Dean back his shirt in a gallon bag, the stain soaking.
Dean snorted, “Not yet, buddy.” Dean took in a deep breath, feeling his limbs slowly start to relax. Sam purred a bit, squeezing his arm.
Dean shook his head, “I’m not a charity case.” He did turn now to Paterson, glaring a bit.
give this place a chance. It can build you up and hopefully give you a support system that can help you find an alpha. I—I know you’re not open to it—but please try. I hate to see you suffer so much.” Dean tightened the wheel of the impala. It felt like he wanted to barf and like his throat was suddenly raw even though he hadn’t said anything.
“Gabriel.” Cas growled, putting his hair back to normal.
“They told me I needed to gain weight.”
He took another breath.
in alpha bites. There was a bit on his forearm that looked like it was missing a chunk—and a bit like candle wax in the middle as a bunch of scar tissue came together.
“Cain?” Dean tried to turn around to slip off the couch, but the arm around his waist wouldn’t let him go far.
“Hav-haven’t met one-m-met one y-yet.” Dean stuttered with a smile. Colette rubbed his back again, he was glad she made him come. Even if it was just to eat apple pie. But he did get the feeling that he would be back, and often.
“Some male omegas like stuff on their dick more during heats than their ass. Just because you leak there doesn’t mean you want it there.” Gabe said seriously.
“Best fryer I’ve ever used.” Dean said. Cain wrapped his arms around Dean, also rubbing his scent all over him.
“How is it now?”
. He couldn’t say it. His home was
“I used to hold you when you were little.” Karen said with a watery smile, “I was in the hospital the day you were born. I held you in my arms when your brother was born.”
“There is an intense interview process where people apply to help.” Ana filled in, “So Ash goes through a process to help find an alpha that will fit his needs and desires. He met with Ellen—she is an older alpha that owns a bar called the Roadhouse downtown.” Dean nodded, he had been to the Roadhouse before.
Cain do the alpha stuff he wanted to. Before, Dean couldn’t let any alpha close. But he
“Just got to do the burgers, but I wanted to wait until you guys were nearly home since they cook quickly.” Dean said. They had one of the fancy ranges with the grill on them, so Dean plopped the three burgers on since he knew Cain would be home soon.
“Oh, that makes it easier.” Ana said, “Now there’s no excuse not to come.”
“Just—don’t—wonder down that direction.” Dean waved to his lower half.
“I will.” Dean said, sitting up a bit. The medicine might need another dose, the cramping was starting to come back, “Can you pass me the grocery store bag? Meds are in there.” Sammy nodded. He dutifully pulled out two pills and handed them both to Dean as well as the Gatorade bottle.
“T-two y-years.” He managed to stutter, staring at the tile floor between his legs. Colette squeezed him tight, putting her chin on his shoulder. The omega’s scent was calm, flowery. Dean took a deep breath, willing himself to calm down, “I-I-I can go.”
“We wanna be surprised.” Benny admitted with a grin, “We’re raisin’ them as gender neutral as we can. Waitin’ for ‘em to tell us how they feel, rather than tellin’ ‘em.” Dean nodded. It was something he hadn’t thought about—probably why no one wanted him as their omega.
“Not in the best way.” He admitted with a grin, “Pulled out a bunch of money from my trust fund and ran.”
“I was going to ask you.” Cas frowned a bit, looking a bit put out.
“Have you eaten? All the books say you gotta eat.” Sammy said.
Dean never got to decorate a room with his parents growing up. He figured going with Cain and Colette to pick out things for his bedroom was pretty close. They were
“I didn’t say anything.”
It all happened a bit too quickly for him to stop it. A waitress was laughing at a comment someone made as she turned around with her tray. It was too late to stop it as a drink slid across the tray and launched onto Dean.
Dean nodded, but threw him a weird look.
“Hold off on dessert.” Cas said.
“I know, I just had to tell you.” She pressed a kiss to his cheek, holding him close as they walked into the house, “Honey! I’m home!” She shouted. The house smelled
Dean hummed an agreement before hanging up the phone. He stared at the tree line a bit longer, taking a sip of coffee.
“I like our room Dean.” Sammy said, curling up into Dean’s side.
Bit of a cliff hanger, don't hate me please.
Cain laughed loudly, pulling Dean back close again, “Then tell me to get the fuck out.”
“Thank you for telling me what happened.” Cain said sincerely, “You do not owe it to me, so please stop saying that. I wanted to know, so I am glad you told me. I am also very glad that Castiel and Gabriel could be there for you and show you that it is
“And what color is that one?” Dean asked.
His Dad made them travel after that. Dean wasn’t sure where they were most of the time, but he knew he hated moving. At some point his father made sure Dean went back to school, but the teachers always upset with him for missing it too much. When he said anything to his Dad, it only resulted in getting yelled at for questioning his alpha’s decisions. Dean learned quickly he shouldn’t do that.
“We are going to take him at his word, since he hasn’t lied to us yet—right?” Dean frowned, “Has he lied to you?”
“I went into pharmaceuticals, as you know. Barely talked to my family once I made it to the executive suite. I worked with Castiel’s brothers—Michael and Nick. You’ve heard of the Angel brothers?” Dean had heard of them. Massive republican donors that muddled in politics to sway congress’s votes in their favor to protect pharmaceutical companies. Despite their angelic name, they couldn’t have been more demonic in their actions. They raised prices of drugs with little care on how it would affect people.
“I bit you because I want
“It’s alright Cas. It’s already got g-grease stains and holes in it.” Dean said as he pulled off his own shirt. Putting on the shirt Castiel had worn should not have felt as warm as it did. For a man who smelled like snow and pine, his scent made Dean feel very warm, “How do I look?” Dean asked, pushing up the sleeves a bit on the navy-blue scrubs.
They were still hunched over the pictures over an hour later. Dean had pages of notes as they discussed different ideas. It was clear Castiel knew his way around a car as well. Not the particulars so much, but definitely enough to impress Dean. When Dean’s stomach rumbled, Castiel told him it was time to call it quits.
“Dean, I apologize. I know my scent can put people on edge when I’m angry—scaring you only added to it. I should not have come.” His button down was soaked through, Dean could see the outline of his undershirt.
“Idgit, I’m not tellin’ you that. Accept it for what it is—a gift.” Bobby huffed.
“My fingers hurt.” Castiel confessed later that day.
“Sorry.” Dean whispered.
Dean heard a loud bang in the garage. Hearing loud noises wasn’t exactly unheard of, but this was a weird sound.
“I did. For too long.” Cain frowned, “Then I got a call—from Mara, Abel’s mate.” Dean could tell from Cain’s voice and body language that it wasn’t good, “Abel was sick. He needed a drug that I had deemed ‘not cost effective’. I jacked up the price and made it almost impossible to get. Plus, I had cut the R&D budget, so there was no way he could find anything better either.” Cain was quiet for a long time, his eyes a bit glassy, “I didn’t give the final blow, but I may as well have. I killed my brother.”
. I swear to it. I was a tiny omega kid using every deodorant possible to hide my smell. In Kansas, I tried to make myself invisible. I wanted to blend into the background and not make any noise so no one would think to make fun of me. Now I got a great apartment, a boyfriend that loves me—say hi Justin.”
“I’ve always pictured you with an older man.” Colette said.
Cain asked.
“You sound like a TV commercial.” Dean interrupted
“Thanks—I feel b-better.” Dean took in the alpha’s scent, feeling the same sense of calm he did at the omega house, “Thank y-you for everyth-ing you did.”
“Please.”
“I’ll be eighteen soon—then I could be your guardian. I could take care of you out there.”
“Alright, then I’ll see you soon, ok?” She winked at him before walking out.
“Just because I’m not all serious like you.” Gabriel said, throwing a bit of pastry at him. Cas caught it, tossing it into his mouth.
!” He heard his father yell, “He should
“Look at you, you fucking
“Sorry.” Ash whispered, “I just—you scared all of us, man.”
Castiel quickly lead Dean outside the bar. It was quiet as they walked to Castiel’s Audi that wasn't parked too far away. He popped the trunk. Castiel’s trunk was organized within an inch. Totes of scrubs, button downs and slacks were all labeled neatly. Another bin labeled
Castiel used his fingers as quotes. Dean snorted.
Dean recognized Cain’s scent as soon as he came into the room. He whimpered. He was going to get yelled at again. He was too big. He made horrible nests. He was too stupid. He was a stupid faggot. No one wanted him. There was movement on the couch, Dean was curled up into the corner of the sectional but the couch was big enough for Cain to slip in beside him. He draped the blanket over them both, curling in close. He looked like he had been crying.
“Dean—as in
to be full. His eyes were watering a bit as he leaned back, rubbing against the bed. One hand gripped his cock, not moving at all, “
Dean definitely did not want to look at the bill when he swiped his credit card. It was one given to him by Cain with the assurance that he could not possibly spend enough to worry him, but this definitely worried Dean. There were a few more things throne into the cart—a flesh light, a different type of vibrator, more lube.
“Yeah—helped fix stuff up with your Mother too.” Bobby looked heartbroken at the mention of Dean’s mother, “I’m going to let the Doc know you are awake, ok idjit?” Dean nodded.
Missouri would bop him on the head for thinking such a thing. None of this had been simple. Dean leaned against the railing, his arms crossed as he took another deep breath. His heart rate lowering again. Would he go back to Bobby’s when Cain kicked him out? Or stay at the omega shelter? He placed a hand on his shoulder, the one the alpha had touched when he was at the shelter. He smelled like pine too. Dean took another deep breath, his heart rate coming down even more. Dean flopped down on the porch love seat, grabbing a blanket that was draped over the arm.
“I’m scared this is a dream and you’ll disappear if I look away.”
Faith.
(See the end of the chapter for
Chuck laughed, bitter, manic, his eyes growing dark, “If you want to play it that way.” Chuck stepped forward, stomping the ground, and from his feet burst forth columns of Darkness, the same as what Dean witnessed when Amara first awoke years ago. The sky darkened, the world faded into a swirl of black, snapping energy, closing in on them little by little, the lightning strikes growing closer.
Sam blinked quickly, stirring the batter slower as he waited for the grill to heat.
But it did scare him.
Castiel smiled then, a little knowing smile that said he knew exactly what he was doing, and Dean watched from the mirror as Cass huffed a breath against his skin, trailing the tip of his nose against his ear, and lifted his eyes to meet his gaze. A challenge if Dean ever saw one.
“There will be no corrupting of the new God.” Sam snapped and Gabriel turned his sights on Sam.
"Do you think... with Cass..."
Jack nodded to his right, cradling Daphne to his chest.
Jack shrugged a shoulder, “There was a time I wanted to know him. To understand him. But I don’t anymore. I don’t care that I’ve upset him by taking his powers and mine back. Does that make me a bad person?”
“You are mine.” The Empty hissed.
Yet, end of the world with only a handful of people to choose to stay on the island—Cass would have been in his top three to stay at his side. Suddenly, that scenario of living the domestic life with Cass after the world burned around them with Sam and Eileen across the street, Jack living down the hall…
Dean jerked his eyes to him then away, his face still feeling a little drained of blood and feeling jittery.
Dean nodded; it was himself he didn't trust. He was freaking out and the bad-ass hunter in him hated that he was freaking out.
“There’s always two sides of the coin, kid. Just because Adam told you that rib was for destruction, it originally was what created life as humanity knows it. Don’t let my Father trick you into thinking this is the end.”
Jack offered a small smile, and Michael offered one back, the pair studying one another, taking measure of the other.
grown up. Castiel is seventeen! That’s hardly grown up!” Bartholomew argued.
bad, are we?”
“Thanks,” Cas said, placing it on the kitchen counter. Dean looked up from his task of pouring candy into a decorative bowl.
As she suspected, Gwen was on duty.
“And why am I supposed to just trust your word all of the sudden?”
“I know! I know! I felt bad as soon as the words escaped my mouth. I’ve just been so stressed because of Zachariah that my filter was obviously not working.”
“Cas this is Gabe,” he said, pointing to the short one, “and Benny.” He finished. Cas shook both of their hands and smiled.
“You’ve already met him.”
Anna awoke early Christmas morning. Usually, she’d be jumping out of bed, waking the house up with exclaims of
of you are upset,” she explained. Despite himself, Castiel smiled. He hadn’t had a mother in so long, he almost forgot what it was like to have someone care about him the way Mary did.
"And you did," Cas added. Dean smiled at his boyfriend.
"Nice save," Dani says sarcastically.
“Oh no!” she said, scrunching her eyebrows together, seemingly trying to find a solution for her coworker. As soon as an idea popped into her head, she turned to face Dean.
“We’re sticky,” Dean complained, the afterglow slowly fading. Castiel chucked but agreed and pushed himself off of Dean.
It would always be work. Luckily, tomorrow was Friday, and his father never scheduled meetings on Friday. He’d sort this out one way or another.
"Whatever." They walked into the store and headed to the candy aisle.
“You better run,” he said lowly, eyes darkening. Castiel smirked and brushed past him sensually before breaking out into a dash towards the living room. Dean was on his heels, barely missing him as he skirted around the couch. They stared at each other for a long moment.
“And you won’t.” Dean said.
“Well, I usually make breakfast on Christmas morning. The smell draws the boys out sooner or later. I think I heard Michael hop into the shower a little bit ago, but I don’t know about Castiel. He’s not much of a morning person. Not like Michael, anyway. He should be down soon all the same.”
“Dean Winchester what the hell!” she yelled, flicking the lights on as she entered his room. The teen in question peeled open his eyes and squinted against the harsh light. Upon noticing her friend wasn’t alone in bed, she tacked on, “what the
Castiel nodded solemnly. He honestly had no idea why he brought up Dean’s father. Maybe his subconscious was trying to lash out and hurt someone so he wouldn’t be so lonely, and Dean was unfortunately the easiest for him to hurt. Maybe it was some whiny bullshit about pushing Dean away before he got too close to hurt Cas. Although, it was probably a little too late for that. Either way, he was extremely ashamed of his own actions.
Collective nods were given around the table.
Once Dean returned home, he went upstairs and placed Dani in her crib, then he went back out to retrieve the food and the watch. He placed the take out in the oven to keep it warm, then he rushed upstairs and took a shower to get rid of all the grease and sweat. After that, he picked up Dani and brought her downstairs with him. He placed her in her playpen in the living room and started cleaning. First, he straitened up the foyer, lining up the shoes neatly and organizing everything. That room wasn't so hard; it was the living room that was going to take a while.
Favor
Charlie was able to guess a whopping eleven words correctly, earning some serious smack talk from Gabriel towards Jo’s team.
“Excellent question. We play it one of two ways: either the game gets paused and the cops get to hide it again or the cops get to keep it and the robbers are SOL for the rest of the game,” Dean explained.
“You brat,” Dean laughed breathlessly, unable to do anything but take what Cas was giving him.
Silence.
Castiel pulled into the school parking lot at 7:47am, which left him thirteen minutes before he needed to be in class. Cas spotted Dean’s car parked in its usual spot. He felt like he had to talk to someone before he went inside. Dean wasn’t an option for obvious reasons, Balthazar didn’t know enough about Dean to help him, and Cas wasn’t about to go to Dean’s little brother, either. That left him with only one person to contact. He pulled out his phone and opened snapchat. He sent a message to Charlie.
She dragged her hands down her face and shook those feelings off. Carefully, so as not to wake Michael, she peeled back the covers and padded to the bathroom. She couldn’t imagine how scared Castiel must be right now. She had no clue where he was or how he was doing. She had to clean up the fragmented plate herself, and she knew that thing was sturdy, having dropped it accidentally when she helped Naomi set the table.
“Would I be a bad parent if I said yes?” Mary asked, rubbing her eyes. “Doesn’t...like...
Before long, Castiel received a text from his father telling him that they were going to have a “family meeting”. When Castiel voiced his hesitation, Bartholomew ensured him that Naomi would not be present.
“Good morning, Bart!” she replied, noting his phone playing the podcast they had discussed last night.
“I’m sorry, love, but she just can’t make it tonight,” Balthazar reiterated. Charlie huffed on the other end of the line.
Castiel clenched his jaw and followed after her.
Dean resigned and slouched forward. "We got in a fight."
Dean tried to contact Castiel multiple times the next day. He tried texting first, but that got him nothing but frustrated. He decided to try snapchatting Castiel. Although, Dean didn’t know how that was really any different since they were both on Cas' phone.
"What the hell kinda name is that?" Meg asked.
“Anna? Where’d you run off to?” Michael's voice came from the top of the stairs. Soon enough, the older Novak brother walked into Cas' room to find his girlfriend sitting on his brother’s bed. His brother that had obviously been crying. “What’s going on?”
“Why were you dancing with him like that?” Dean asked quietly, his last ditch effort to have any sort of resolution tonight. Castiel clenched his jaw.
“Oh, it’s nothing,” Castiel waved off, “I’m just thinking about how I’ll be able to get home,” he said with a chuckle.
“I don’t know,” Dean said, growing more uncomfortable under Cas' harsh gaze.
“The truth?” he asked, a smirk on his lips. Dean matched the smirk with one of his own.
One Thursday, Dean decided enough was enough. They were in Dean’s living room, Castiel
“Hmm. That's too bad. What time did he sneak out?” She asked, taking a bite of her breakfast.
“And who’s your source?” Jody asked skeptically.
“And why do you think you deserve it?” Naomi asked, tossing the few discarded clothes that were lying around the room into the hamper.
Cas had nowhere he had to be for work today, so he planned on running some errands and coming back home to relax. He dressed in his favorite pair of dark blue jeans and a gray tee shirt. He slipped on his shoes, grabbed his keys, and headed out the door.
"Last week, that hag and I had an argument about my attendance. She's grounded me for the month, but I am
“I asked her why she was talking to him again, and she said he reached out and she didn’t want to be rude. I wasn’t happy about it, but I guess I sort of let it happen. I mean...what else was I supposed to do? I’m not one of those guys who tells his girlfriend that she can’t have any guy friends,” he explained.
"How are you this peppy at five in the goddamned morning?" He asked her. She pushed her thick, black frame glasses farther up her nose and combed a piece of her fiery red hair behind her ear.
“Hello, Dean.”
"Nice to meet you." Cas said as he shook Jo’s hand.
Follow me on tumblr @satansass666 :)
“I don’t know…” Cas said in a high-pitched voice. Dean scoffed.
Suppertime rolled around, and Mary had her boys help her out in the kitchen. They were just throwing together an easy pasta dish, saving themselves for all the cooking to be done tomorrow. Dean sent Cas a quick text, making sure he was ok.
“Now, there’s no need to throw around the ‘H’ word, Chuckles,” he pacified. He didn’t want her hacking him. For
“Wait, what do you mean you ‘go by Alfie’? Isn't that your name?” Sam asked.
Not long after they had sought their shelter, they heard the door open and footsteps come down the stairs.
“Shit!” Castiel nearly smacked himself in the face with his phone. “Uh, no one,” he recovered smoothly.
“Am I being arrested? It’s my right to know,” she demanded.
“Hell yeah,” Dean answered, sitting up. He ripped open the packet of lube and Cas lay on his back at the opposite end of the couch. Dean slicked up his fingers and slowly pushed one in.
“Cas, I haven’t spoken to that piece of shit in years.”
It felt like Castiel had been slapped across the face. She just insulted him as well as his dead mother. And Bartholomew was just standing there! He clenched his fists by his sides and took two large steps towards her.
Castiel recounted everything that had happened since Thanksgiving. Balthazar listened patiently, giving his two cents here and there. Castiel felt so relieved to be talking to Balthazar again. It had been too long since they had spoken.
"Aiden, soup's on!" Dean shouted in the general direction of his son. The boy came into the kitchen and went right up to his seat across from Dean at their rectangular table. Cas grabbed Dean and himself a beer as well as apple juice for Aiden. Cas would never see the appeal of spaghetti with apple juice, but to each his own.
Cas took it with unbelievably steady hands. When he opened it his eyes went wide and his mouth dropped open. "Dean..." He whispered as he stared at the watch he had been coveting for a long time. "Wow. Just...wow." Cas carefully picked the watch up out of the box and set the black container on the counter. He continued staring at it, completely awestruck. Suddenly, Dean had an armful of excited Cas. Dean squeezed his husband, relishing in the touch that he almost lost due to his stupidity. Cas was excitedly whispering
“Sweet! I’ll see you in 20!” Charlie said before hanging up. Dean laughed to himself and went to his room to change. After putting on an old pair of jeans and a t-shirt he didn’t mind getting spilled on, he went back upstairs to ask his mom if he could stay the night at Charlie’s house. He got her approval and waited for Charlie to pick him up.
“Dean, I don’t have time for this.” Cas said, eyes still trained on his screen.
Castiel closed his eyes and leaned forward. This had to be a joke. He didn’t waste a week of his life doing busywork and jeopardizing his relationship for nothing.
From his seat next to Balthazar on the bleachers, Castiel spotted Dean walking in with a redheaded woman. She looked around briefly before zoning in on something...or as it appeared some
“That’s amazing,” she replied, pouring herself a cup once Dean was finished.
"You'll see," Cas said mysteriously as he fastened Dean's wrists to the head board.
“Oh come
“Hello, I am Doctor Andrews,” he greeted, giving a brief smile before consulting the clipboard in his hands. “Which one of you is Castiel Novak?” he asked. The three occupants stared back at him, confused. He laughed somewhat awkwardly and explained, “Just a little medical humor. Tough crowd,” he stopped at the foot of the teen’s bed and read the chart.
Charlie glared at him. “Get out of my classroom,” she ordered, only half joking. Gabriel laughed and headed to the door that connected their labs.
“Oh yeah?”
“Why are we moving? Why
of what he wanted! What was wrong with him? He lifted his head from the pillow and frantically searched for his phone.
10 points to whoever knows what FOB song I'm talking about
"How on earth is this
"Don't stop Cas, please. Never stop," Dean plead, pulling on his restraints as he tried to put his hands on Cas. He growled in frustration and pounded up into Cas, causing the man on top of him to curse loudly and encourage more.
“That’s a resounding no,” he replied.
“My source said he definitely had one,” she insisted.
“What?” he asked sharply. “Because as far as I’m concerned, you’re just wasting more of my time.”
“Wine,” Charlie said, happily draining the cup, “no sticker.”
“So is Batazar your boyfriend?” She asked bluntly, checking Castiel’s face for his reaction.
“Skittles?” Cas asked, a smile lighting up his face. He opened them up immediately, picking out one of his favorite (green apple; he was so happy when they made the switch from lime) and popping it into his mouth. Dean smiled at his boyfriend. Sam made fake vomiting sounds from his seat in the back. The older brother threw his car into drive sped away, flipping Sam off as they pulled out of the parking lot.
like he was. He didn’t know how Dean would react to him sharing a bed with Balthazar, so he just decided what Dean didn’t know wasn’t going to kill him.
Balthazar shook his head. He couldn’t tell Gabriel the real reason he backed off of Castiel. If Gabriel knew Dean and Cas were already a thing, he’d lose his mind! The French teacher thought about his options. Gabriel had stopped pacing and was now planted in front of Balthazar’s desk, not-so-patiently awaiting an answer. Balthazar sighed.
"Heard that. Now feet off the table."
"Nothing. It's nothing. Just...forgot what I needed to pick up at the store later." Dean replied. Charlie was having none of it.
“My step-mom,” Castiel explained.
“You ass.” Cas said with a grin. Dean smiled and Cas pulled him down with a hand on the back of his neck. Cas’s hands wandered the expanse of new skin. Dean’s hand was slowly sliding from Cas’s hip to the fly of his jeans.
"Castiel! Wake up it's time to get ready for church!" Naomi yelled from down the hall. Cas groaned and rubbed his eyes.
Close Call
"Love you." He whispered. Cas smiled and leaned down to kiss Dani on the forehead.
"How was work?" He asked around a forkful of noodles. Dean looked up and thought about his workday.
“Recovery from what? What happened?” Naomi questioned, “he ran out last night and next thing I know, he shows up in the hospital!”
Dean stumbled in the sucking landscape of the field. He grit his teeth, eyes straight ahead, heart hammering. Instinct told him to turn around and see if the Empty or Cerberus was behind him. But if he turned, Cass would be lost.
“Will it… hurt him?”
The throne room lacked personality, unless cold with obsidian glass walls and a marble throne said more than he understood about the man sitting before him. He was large for a man, not just tall, but broad with hands that looked like dinner plates. The man raised his chin, looking down his nose at him, his beard streaked with two perfect gray marks on either side of his mouth, and gray eyes hooded by bushy brows. The red tint to his gray robes brought the imagine of blood and death to mind.
Michael struggled to his knees. His mouth twisted into a half smile, holding his ribs. He nodded to Dean, to Jack, and he raised his eyes to his Father with an ever growing smile that turned the dutiful son into a shadow of what he once was. “Jack, Castiel was right. You’ll be amazing.”
"Oh, sorry. Was that the spell? The one that you supposedly found that was going to trap me?" Chuck waved his hands, damn near laughing in their faces. "Yeah, no. I knew it was bogus." He shook his head, a disappointed look on his face. "Guys, come on, you're better than this. Tricking me… me… this is all so... seven years ago." He strolled closer, hands behind his back, looking at the ground, shoes kicking up the gravel. "So, what were you hoping? Huh? Make a deal? Plead?" His eyes met theirs, brow raised. "Maybe have my own son stab me in the back?"
"Atta boy, Sammy." Dean said in the stillness of the Impala, waving a hand when Sam glanced back at him, before he and Eileen disappeared inside her home, leaving him alone on the street.
When a circle roughly four feet by four feet lay spread before him, Dean painstakingly ground the chalk to white dust, making certain it was fine and delicate to the touch. It took him nearly four hours using a folded piece of paper to guide the powdered chalk into symbols along the edge of the paint circle.
He wasn't gay. He just... he knew he wasn't. But, it felt like this subject was a little skewed, like he hadn't really thought about it long enough to really understand his own sexuality. This wasn't exactly the time for it, but... he liked women. He did. The curves, the softness of them, the shape and smell of them....
He dropped his hand, the whiskey sloshing in the bottle, and he bowed his head, a choked sob escaping him.
“Dean, I’m not going anywhere. Are you?”
“Cass…”
The angel dropped to his knees in front of him, tilting his head, gazing upon him with eyes so blue it made his heart skip. Cass with that soft expression, with that concerned furrow to his brow at Dean had come to know and expect from the angel. He just hadn’t dared think that behind those blue eyes, behind that confused head tilt sat an unquestioning love for him.
“Cass!” Dean shouted, grabbing his arm and he fell to his knees, his arm sinking into the water and past whatever constituted the ground. Dean growled and slapped his hand down in the water, the hand holding onto Cass dug his finger into Castiel’s shade, gripping him so tight Dean thought his arm might rip off.
Sorry this took so long to post. I got sick over the weekend and this chapter seriously spun out of control in length and size. It was supposed to be a simple little 2,000 word second chapter to kinda end it all. as of right now? its over 12,000 words long and still growing. Soooooooo, ya'll are going to get more chapters! yay~ and awkward at the same time.
The fire rushed into the air nearly five feet high, burning hot and fierce in a wild dance that he felt against his skin. The fire settled, wiggling in the center of the paint, the symbols seeming to glow alongside the flames.
“What came first? The chicken or the egg?”
Dean kissed him, and Cass sighed, loud and relieved, kissing back, lips parting, feeling his hips push forward because he had waited for this to happen again, to kiss him, to feel him settle a hand on his hip and hold him against him. He wanted as much of this as he could get. Some part of him felt greedy for desiring all of Dean Winchester to himself, but another part of him, the one who rebelled for him, who fell for him, who turned his back on everything he had once believed in because he believed in this man more than any doctrine; Castiel craved whatever Dean would give him, and hope for a little more.
Persephone wrapped her arms around her husband’s shoulders, leaning her chin upon her hand and sighing.  “I think he’s plenty strong enough, husband.  His will burns bright. His conviction immovable. It will be his heart that will either carry him through this trial or break him.”
“You know what? I thought I was going to be sad when this story ended. I thought… I used to think this was the greatest story I ever told, because you Winchesters always surprised me. But you know what? I won’t miss you at all. I should have ended this years ago.” Chuck glared, stalking to Sam and drawing his fist back in a haymaker and slugged him without hesitation.
“Well would you look at that.” Gabriel clicked his tongue, shaking his head. “Didn’t think dear old Dad would have a mid-life millennium crisis like this. Kinda sad really.” Gabriel then squatted down and grinned, “Hey Dean-o! Samsquatch. You two look a little rough. Bad day?”
A pounding sound echoed through the nothingness, and Castiel realized it was what drew his mind back to the here and now, no longer locked in the miserable loop he relived that the Empty had created for him.
He just never thought that at the end of the world, Cass wouldn't be there. All their fights, their squabbles, his inability to just fucking say what he actually meant... he just never thought Cass wouldn't be there at his elbow, ready and willing to support him no matter what happened. He actually thought on some level he would go down fighting with him. Together. Him, Sam, Jack, and Cass, they would go down like the four musketeers in a blaze of fire.
He glanced to his right, at the long empty bench, and though he knew Sam's ass was forever imprinted in the leather and springs... what if this was it? Sam wouldn't always be with him anymore. They'd go off to hunt, sure, but Dean had always known he had only one place in life he fit, and this was it for him. This was his life. On the off chance he even made it to old age, he wasn't going to be the one with a place to retire too. He had the bunker and he'd have Sam; but an old car and an empty seat was all he was looking forward to having at his side as the years passed because Dean Winchester knew he'd die a hunter. There was no in-between for him.
Dean blinked up at him, mouth twisting down in surprised approval, and then raised his beer to him, “Congrats. About time.”
Not a single one was looking at them.
“I will. But I may not come when you call. The angels… well, I’ll need to restructure heaven, fix the gates if I can, and I’ll tell them to listen, but they won’t answer your calls like how they used too; that job belongs to someone else.”
They passed a group on their way back to the parking lot, three other couples out on a group date. As they passed, Dean felt it, their eyes on them, the men staring at the back of his neck, judging. His arm tightened around Cass, moving to pull away, and Cass bumped his hip, sliding his hand into his back pocket and startling him into jerking his head around, staring the scant inch of difference down at him. Cass gazed back at him, a small smile on his face, but there was a tightness at the corner of his eyes.
Michael frowned. “According to their lore, they believe they were first. According to my understanding, Father created the entire universe, not just a single world, but the known expanding universe. Father created everything from the beginning of time. If the pagan gods believe they created the world, it first had to start from something, correct? Perhaps, after my Father created the world, if these gods were born from the blast of the Big Bang, then I suppose you could say they were here at the creation of the world. But that is their mythos, not mine.”
He bit his cheek to keep what little tears remained locked away. His head thumped back against the wall and he squeezed his eyes shut, taking slow, measured breathes that threatened to make a run for it and drag a choking sob from deep in his gut.
Sam didn't say anything at first. They both had to of sat there for another forty minutes before they calmed down enough to process, eyes feeling puffy and scratchy.
Shit. Sam thought he drove off and offed himself.
Castiel reached a hand out, settling his long fingers along the curve of Dean’s wrist. “Do you want me to—”
“I know.” He whispered as Jack cried.
Dean met Chuck’s eyes, jaw tight, hands curling into fists, and he smirked, spreading his arms wide, because what did Chuck expect; a good distraction was always better battle strategy than a full frontal assault.
“What the hell, Dean? You disappear for days on end, don’t answer your phone, your cell turned off, and then you just show back up with a grin?” He got in his face and Dean thumped back against the door of the Impala, brows high and mouth slack.
Michael smiled, his eyes sliding to the side to Jack and back. "I'd do anything for family. Wouldn't you agree?"
Frowning, Sam waited, then another crack appeared in the egg, and it wiggled.
Sam eased down into the chair across from him, face pinched, mouth thin. He looked haggard, eyes haunted, and yet, his baby brother still had so much hope it made him feel like he had kicked a puppy. “I know that’s what we thought, but—”
“Shut up.” Chuck knocked Dean’s feet out from under him and kicked him in the ribs. He definitely felt something snap this time.
“Will he live?”
Sam missed Eileen’s presence at his elbow. He missed the way she would laugh when he fumbled through a sign and would correct him with no care in the world. She surprised him every time he talked with her, and she surprised him every second he spent with her. She was unlike any other hunter. Quick to smile. Sharp witted. To the point. Okay, those last two were normal. But Eileen carried herself different from all the other hunters he had grown up around and encountered over the course of his life. She had a way of embedding herself into people’s hearts within minutes of meeting her. He had noticed her even way back during the banshee case when he had thought she was just a maid and he hadn’t discovered she was actually a hunter. She captivated him and he missed her.
He scrubbed his hands through his hair, focusing on just breathing.
Hades frowned, eyes patient.
It was an odd sensation to need sleep once again; and when Castiel woke and needed to urinate, he scowled as once again such bodily functions would be required of him.
"Really man?" Dean scowled, and Sam shifted his weight from one foot to the other, standing up to his full height as if that would intimidate the two celestial beings standing in front of them.
Squinting into the wind, Dean watched Jack walk away, white jacket flapping, hair swept back, eyes golden. Though he was a mere child, Dean couldn’t help but wonder if this was what it was like for parents when they realized their child was all grown up.
“That doesn’t mean you have to stop loving just because it isn’t present.”
Jack shuffled in then, Daphne chirping in his hands hidden in the flannel shirt he had given her to keep her warm. “Oh, waffles. My favorite.” He smiled, so happy and innocent, and Dean swallowed down his want for a drink in favor of keeping his promise to Michael to take care of Jack. Its what Cass would have wanted.
He had just worked his way through the Ex Nihilo (out of nothing) creation myths, and the World Parent myths, which that in itself described Amara and Chuck far better seeing as how they separated and the Big Bang happened thus creating life.
Inhaling slowly, and swallowing the lump in his throat down, Dean coughed and turned, tugging his keys from his pocket. “Well, Sammy. Let’s hit the road.”
Dean paid, they exited the dinner, and his hand settled on the small of Cass’ back, as natural as could be, and Cass leaned into him, purring a thank you. Dean bowed his head, smiling, a fuzzy warmth blossoming in his chest. Castiel slid his arm around his waist, the pair walking slow and leisurely in no particular direction, simply walking to just walk beside one another.
“I cannot do anything.”
anyway. this second chapter was the reaction and fallout period of what happened in 18, and though I feel like its ALL character driven and kinda boring (thus why I understand 19 a little better) I wanted to fix the travesty of what they did to poor Michael and Adam.... I wanted to foreshadow Jack, I wanted to actually explore just how HOPELESS that final episode really was and how by just hinting that Jack might be the key... it could have added so much more tension to the story and a sense of building anticipation. Plus, damnit, we needed to see Dean really break down over this epic failure, this epic loss, and his own emotional loss of realizing that maybe he could have had what he wanted all along because Cass did feel the same this whole time... ((the confirmation from Jensen on that fact slaughtered me.))
Dean pulled him close and hugged him, letting the kid cling to him, and if he were completely honest, he to him.
“As well as can be expected. I hope that we will find something soon.” He held his smile, his stomach twisting.
Dean rubbed at his face, drinking another shot, and scowling at the sound of footsteps walking in on his brooding.
“Me too.” Dean said, and meant it.
“Jack?”
“You seriously want my input? You know I’ll suggest stupid shit like a Willy Wonka world, or a world of strippers, right?” Gabriel pointed at himself.
"Yeah.... I think so." And his chest hurt because something welled up from deep within, a throbbing pressure that pushed at his ribcage, pounding against his heart, this need to scream, like a swarm of bees humming through his veins at that small admission; because admitting it, saying it, he understood now why Cass had said it was the happiest moment of his life. It was one thing to know it, but it was another thing to declare it aloud; something honest and raw.
He hummed, and felt love warm him; the same feeling of happiness before he was taken. If he gripped Dean’s hand a little tighter, Dean didn’t need to know why.
Dean laughed, a belly laugh that made his whole body shake and made his shoulder burn white hot in pain. “He’s written the same story over and over again. Same themes, same characters. You’re right.” Dean twisted into the punch to his cheek, feeling his eye swell from the blow, but what he wasn’t expecting was the vicious stomp to his leg that snapped his leg and made it dangle at the wrong angle.
Gabriel laughed, “All right. But it’s your funeral. So I was thinking…” he waved his hand across the sky as if describing a night out at Vegas. “A world entirely of ultraviolet creatures.”
The next chapter will be DRASTICALLY different from the season finale, and THAT portion of the story was what I was expecting to happen for the ending. So.... seriously... pray for me that I get it done tomorrow.... *CRIES* I haven't even started writing it.... *SOBS*
“Are you certain?”
“Oh.” Castiel said, and he raked his fingers through the man's hair, uncertain what to say except what he knew. “This isn’t a dream. I’m here, and there is nowhere I wish to go except where you go.” There. The simple truth of it all.
But another part of him whispered he just realized he may like guys a little more than he had known and just repressed it down so deep he hadn't allowed himself to absorb what he might like. It gave him a headache. He was too old for this shit.
A boom thundered and a crack in the floor opened up below his feet, inky tendrils sluggishly crawling toward them. Dean ran. He kept his eyes on the doorway, wanting nothing more than to reach back and drag Cass after him, push him ahead of him to make sure he would get out…. But he couldn’t. It would break the arrangement.
Jack jumped, Dean jerked back a step, and Sam’s eyes widened. Jack darted a look their way then back, his shoulders rounding out, his eyes wide and hands growing still as he looked to Sam with the questions of the universe on his face.
“Kill me. Don’t leave me like this.” He wailed, shaking his head, hands pawing at his face, leaving behind red scratches that didn’t heal.
But that voice, that wet smile… Dean wiped his face for the thousandth time and coughed, clearing his throat, shoving his battle armor back on so he could go back out there and research, but this time, fuck Chuck. It was pointless, so why bother? But Cass? He could search for him. That, that was something he could do; it was something he wanted.
Michael sat quietly beside him, head tilted in thought, and jaw tight. He sighed and looked to him, and Jack raised his wet eyes, heart stuttering.
Dean ground his teeth and lurched forward, Sam at his side without hesitation. “Not after they finished murdering the entire world.”
“Oh, yes—” Jack trailed off, what reassurance he started with disipated into a look of curiosity and confusion. Cupping the egg between his palms, Jack stared at the thing, his eyes moving across it like he was mapping something across its white surface. Sam flipped the pancakes, the bottoms a little blacker than he was aiming for, but he watched Jack, gripping the spatula a little tighter than he should.
“Hm.” Dean hummed, “Can I h-have s-some?” Dean nodded to the coffee.
“I’ve had sex.” Dean grumbled.
“I’ll get you a few different options.” Gabriel said, whirring around the room. Castiel slid out one of the bar stools, pulling one out for Dean as well. The tray in front of them had slices of pie, cinnamon pastries, fruit pastries—and multiple chocolate options, “Given you guys the broken bits I don’t put out front—so thanks for clearing out the garbage.” Gabriel said with a wink, popping a bit of pastry in his mouth.
“Sorry—I know my scent is awful when angry. I’m not mad at you.”
“Dean and I have been playing with each other for
“I probably know more than you anyway, sweet cheeks.” Gabriel said with a wink.
“Not supposed to.” Dean choked on a sob.
Dean snorted, “I look
Dean got the grease off of him, showered quick. He had his nicer jeans in the drawer, as well as a flannel without any holes in it. When he walked back out he could hear Colette laughing. Castiel was sitting at the island with a low-ball glass in hand. He had dispensed of his jacket, his tie as well but his sleeves were still buttoned at the wrist.
“Shit.” Dean whispered to himself. His throat closed a bit, he wished he could just go back to sleep. He glanced at the sex toys charging, and his cock twitched so hard it came up off his stomach, “
“What do you mean?” Cain asked.
nice. Well, he thought anyway. It was only a four-bedroom house. Only. That was weird to think. Plus, Cain didn’t live too far away from Bobby—so it couldn’t be that crazy expensive of an area. Dean closed the tab, shaking his head as he laid back in his new bed. His new room wasn’t perfect, but it was pretty fuckin’ close. All of his things from Bobby’s had made their way over. Colette had taken pictures from Dean’s Instagram, and some of the professional ones, and put them up on the walls. He was surrounded by sleek black and white photos of classic cars.
“Make s-sure y-you d-don’t have a s-soggy b-bottom.” Pam said with a smile.
today.” Dean snorted.
“Yeah—they m-might mur-murder me if I was h-here and didn’t b-bring anything back.” Dean confessed. Castiel snorted as Gabriel preened, gathering together a few items. Castiel and Gabriel started bickering as they moved around the kitchen, clearly used to being around each other.
“Yeah, we made it.” Colette smiled, “Ana this is Dean—Dean this is Ana.”
“It’s ok.” Dean said, moving to grab the beers.
“First timers get a ten percent discount—if you have any questions—” She dragged off and waved at herself.
And his Dad wasn’t always bad. There were better days. Sometimes he came back home from his job at the garage with food. Those were always good days. He got mad when Dean found plates for the kitchen, but he got over it a few days later. Dad didn’t always remember to pay the power bill, but he did pay it more months than he forgot. And when Dean got old enough to start helping out more, he mowed lawns, helped with the plumbing. He became something of a handy man. It didn’t leave much time to be on the middle school baseball team, but that was ok with him. He didn’t
“Bye Dean.” Gabe waved at him with a smirk.
. Dean had no idea what Cain had made, but it smelled delicious. He walked over to the island where there was a massive charcuterie spread. If there was one thing Dean underestimated his love for when he started working for Cain, it was his love for good food. Dean couldn’t help but get inspired. Especially when it was just meat and cheese in different forms. He grabbed a piece of cheese quickly, popping it until his mouth.
“You show him your serial killer trunk?” Gabe asked.
Dean’s heart was racing, but he followed her up to the omega house. The door buzzed loudly when she pushed the doorbell, making him jump. There was a mechanical sounding latch that opened, allowing them to push the door open.
“Do you t-try to look like an ac-accountant?” Dean asked.
“Come back when you’re ready, alright?”
“Hey.” She whispered as she gripped his hand.
The two worked out a system. Though it was still difficult to plan out when his heats were going to be, Sammy had engineered a method to make sure that their Dad was never impacted by it. He had rigged up the door with some sort of deodorizing seal. Dean didn’t ask too many questions, but it
“But correct.” Colette stated, “She said her older brother was looking for someone to help him as well. He has newer cars, Dean, I wasn’t sure your proficiency with them.”
“Es-es-especially wh-when the-there’s p-p-pie.” Dean managed to say, making everyone laugh. Colette rubbed his shoulders a bit, smiling herself.
is the bare
“Night Rufus!” The diner was closing a bit early because Rufus wanted to go to a car show with one of his friends. They warned the customers a few days before with signs, so everyone knew today would be a short day. Dean would be getting back to the house early with a meal for Sam, who was growing like a little weed. He was basically all bones, so Dean had brought home extra leftovers. The middle school basketball coach had tapped his shoulder, of course. And Sam had enough hand-eye coordination to get by. Dean worked with him at the park every spare moment he got, hoping he would get on the JV team when he got into high school.
“You must be Dean?” Jody was an omega, but she looked like the one in charge. Dean figured he might be bias because she was wearing a police badge. Dean nodded, “Well, I can give you the nickel tour if you’d like?” Dean nodded, unsure of what else to do, “We got four bedrooms here, right now two are taken. You are also on alpha free zone, unless they have been vetted by our staff. But no boyfriends/girlfriends/spouses. No partners. We have rooms designated for couples counseling, but that has to be set up and approved by a counselor beforehand.” She opened a room that looked like a miniature living room, “We have three rooms for counseling, a larger one for group therapy. The goal of this center is to strengthen omega’s confidence, and hopefully find them a healthy alpha bond.”
“Yeah.” Dean answered, “You know my Alpha?”
“That serial k-killer t-trunk saved me.” Dean argued.
Dean let out a sigh, sitting down at the table, “What else have I been m-missing?”
“Does it drive?” Dean asked.
Cain blasted Led Zeppelin as they cleaned the kitchen. Colette laughed at both of them dancing, drinking her own glass of bourbon as she watched. They cleaned, since she cooked. At times like this, Dean almost felt normal. He mouthed the lyrics as he helped clean, laughing as Cain played the air guitar. Once everything was in its place, the counter was wiped down, and glasses refilled, Colette turned down the music.
The dessert place Dean had been to once before. The sign ‘Baked for Baked’ had the vague impression of a marijuana leaf. The place was busy, people wandering in and out holding various wrapped treats. The inside was adorable with large display cases, but the whole place was covered in plants. If a flat surface didn’t have a pastry, there was some sort of greenery.
“You see Gabriel often?” Dean knew there was something Cain was asking, but Dean wasn’t quite sure what it was. He was sure he would hate being an alpha—too much sub text and not enough straight talk.
“It is good to see you awake.” There was an older doctor that walked into the room. Usually it made Dean nervous to see older Alphas, but this doctor had kind dark chocolate eyes that made Dean relax, “You gave us a scare.”
“Name’s Bobby—I was good friends with your parents awhile back.” He explained, sitting down in an empty chair, “Lost track of you a few years ago.” Dean tried to remember. He thought he had vague memories of this man coming over.
fifteen minutes behind was not meant to be interpreted as neglect, his instincts couldn’t help but shut down. He was embarrassed to tell her about it, but Colette had been
“Still means you’re probably a serial killer.” Gabe said.
“Don’t be crass.” Cas wrapped his arm around Gabe as he said it, rubbing his head on him. It was a clear scent mark, making Dean smile.
“His name is Billie Paterson—you can YouTube it. It’s got almost a million views.” Paterson said proudly as he put the car in park, “My family got over it. He lives in LA now, but he comes back for holidays and stuff. My parents visit him too—I’m going to go see him fall break.”
“You’re John’s oldest?” Rufus had asked him when Dean showed up one day. Rufus tried not to let it show how hungry he was, but Dean was sure his stomach had growled a few times loud enough to hear it. Dean hoped working at a diner would allow him to take some food home to Sam. Their Dad had taken them there a few times when he was doing well.
“H-how l-long?” Dean asked.
“Dean?” Sammy called to him. There was loud beeping, Dean wanted it to
“Wh-wh-” Dean couldn’t talk, his whole body froze. The angry alpha scent filled the room. Dean was hauled up to his feet by his shirt.
“I didn’t want sex from him.”
“I’m sure your alpha will understand, let’s get you to the nurse.” Mr. Paterson stood up. Dean couldn’t really think about Sam with his body feeling this gross. His lower back felt like someone was stepping on it. His lower belly felt like it was trying to cave in on itself. Paterson’s scent was gross, but Dean was not going to tell him that as they walked out the door. After a few steps, Mr. Paterson looped his arm under Dean’s to help him walk. Dean couldn’t help but wrinkle his nose in protest.
“I’ll probably c-come in t-tomorrow.”
Cain asked.
. It almost hurt, the pleasure was so sharp. He rubbed his balls a bit, trying to fight the urge to dip lower. He slid up his length and couldn’t help the sharp gasp, arching into his hand. It was overwhelming. He let go, letting out a deep breath and tried to calm down. The sharp need, however, did not go away. It burned within him.
Maybe—maybe if he just did it quickly, he could go back to sleep. He flopped on his back, reaching into his boxers.
“B-better.” Dean answered, “H-hungry.”
Cain.
"Ruby." Dean explained, "S-said I s-should be by myself." Castiel's scent got stronger of snow, nearly burning Dean's nose.
Dean?” She asked.
“He’s a-a-allow-lowed out of-of the hos-hospital?”
“How’d you get away?” Dean looked up at Cas, his eyes looked far away.
“You’ll do it?”
Castiel nodded, “That works.”
Dean texted the both of them that he would take care of dinner that night. They all usually had dinner together around seven now that it was getting dark outside a bit early. It was usually a standing invitation, if you could make it home in time from work or other things. Both of them replied they would make it, Cain saying he might run a little late but would definitely be there by 7:15.
“W-ho was that?” Dean asked.
“I will be with you through every step of the way if you want me to—will that help?”
Dean woke up with a start, his fingers twisted in the sheets. He was hard. He was breathing too fast and he
He knew it was a bit embarrassing to have Castiel’s shirt in the bed with him, but it smelled too good. Under the blanket, he could smell it even better. It calmed his racing heart, and allowed him to fall into an easy sleep.
They couldn’t live at the house that burned down, so Dad made Dean grab anything that was salvageable. Dean put a photo album his Mom had made him in his backpack from first grade with a bunch of clothes. He grabbed all of the things in the drawers and brought it back out. The house smelled like smoke, it made his eyes water. He grabbed a sweatshirt of his Mom’s.
The more it grew, the more his omega
Cain laughed jovially, getting off the bench, “I will provide for my omegas.” He kissed Colette’s cheek before standing up and walking around the table. He wrapped an arm around Dean, scent marking his head. Dean grasped onto his arm, feeling a bit emotional. He wasn’t being
“Thank you.” Dean whispered.
“You got to keep moving. He’ll follow you if you keep insisting.” Colette said, helping Dean fully stand up. A small growl from Cain had Dean a bit nervous, but Colette laughed.
“Yeah!” Castiel jumped up excitedly, “I got Thursday afternoon? Saturday?”
Dean pulled his face from his neck, his arms still just as tight around him, but he met his gaze, so close, eyes wet and shining in the faint light of the street lamps outside. Then Dean pressed his brow to his, tears slipping down his cheeks.
“Sammy…” Dean closed his eyes, his lip trembling—actually fucking trembling—because he knew.
Their eyes met, and Cass watched Dean’s throat bob alongside a little sharp inhale as they stood there in front of his trunk, battered, bruised, and Dean was sporting his own small cut along his brow. Castiel again felt those very human urges to press himself against this man and… rub? He didn’t quite know other than comparing the euphoria he had felt with his one sexual experience. He had tried watching more porn, but really, it just seemed a jumbled mess meant to maximize on loud noises. He figured, if he wanted to understand these emotions and urges, who better to look to than Dean? It seemed like a wonderful idea.
Cass stared at him, fingers gripping his arm, and Dean swallowed hard, his heart picking up speed.
Jack nodded then shook his head, his breath hitching. “What’s happening?”
But that hum. That gentle melody within the divine. Jack tilted his head, remembering the feeling of drawing that power inside before converting it, remembering Adam’s smirk with blood on his face as he pointed at it, and Jack’s back straightened, shoulders stiff and brows raised high.
He didn't know. He just didn't know how he felt because there wasn't enough time. On the best of days he needed time to process, to try and sift through years of toxic masculinity beaten into him from this life he lived before he could admit what he really wanted. He knew he could have said Cass was family—but that wasn't what Cass had said to him... had meant as he stood there crying—
“Why the sudden interest?”
Lucifer sat up, staring at his hands, anguish curling his face into horror, rage, misery, and he wailed, leaning forward, falling to the ground with his face pressed to the floor. “No, anything but this.” He sobbed.
Michael stepped into the records room, pausing as he saw him and the two stared at one another.
“What?” Dean started then choked on his tongue the second he looked down.
If he failed, that was it for him. There wasn’t any reason to go on—
"I know he did." Sam's voice broke the numbing hum of the refrigerators.
“I’m... Human. Well, more human than angel. But I’m mortal.”
He leaned on the counter, doing everything he could to stifle the noises rising up in his throat, and he wiped at his face, fisting the whiskey. Taking another drink, and another, hands shaking, Dean swallowed past the lump in his throat, the warm fuzz of the liquor finally numbing his brain just a bit more than before, leaving him floating hovering in that in-between of functioning and nearly drunk. He raised the bottle, hesitating for just a split second, but he could hear him in his head, that quavering in his voice, and he took another drink.
This, Sam didn't know about.
Chuck scoffed, laugher bubbling up. “Murdered? Harsh much?
"No." Cass grunted, his fingers twisting in the edge of his sleep pants, holding him in place, eyes clearing just enough for him to curl toward him and kiss his jaw, panting against his skin. "You're not getting away this time."
Was this just another example of Chuck forcing him into a direction in life that hadn’t been who he was? What if…
Jerking his eyes up to the ceiling where only endless blackness hung in the air, Dean looked back to the ground and the lights beneath his feet sparkled like stars. He began walking again, eyes down, each step he took disturbed the water, making it ripple and reveal more beneath it.
Anway; I hope you liked this. I'm feeling better, but I honestly think I got sick because of the series finale and how not okay I was about it (and also from staying up so late for almost  a week straight to write as much as I had so quickly). My emotions are complex about the series finale and there isn't enough room for me to try and explain the duality of emotions I have about it all because there are parts I liked, there are parts I even agreed with, but there are others that made me so sad I was teetering on depression because it just made everything so unbearably sad (and I know its because covid screwed it up). But at the end of the day, I didn't like the ending and if I can help it, i will never rewatch episode 20 again.  (i guess i shouldn't say never.... but it'll probably be a few years before I even think about doing it)
“You can’t do this.” Jack said, stepping forward, and Dean inched closer, eyes flicking between the two, trying to maneuver his way around the table to get himself between Lucifer and Jack. He was not going to let anything happen to him. He was their kid. He was theirs goddamnit.
"Good to know where you stand, you flying dick."
That got a glare out of Chuck, and Dean lifted his chin, taking note.
Tripping over the weeds and dead grass, Dean jumped to the walkway, and scrambled across the stones, hearing the panting dog behind him, as well as the snarls from one, and the whining from another. Dean slipped on the slime, arms pinwheeling, but he never stopped moving. He hit the archway of the stairs and took them two at a time, and Cerberus howled behind him, one head shoving its snout through the arch toward him and snapping its teeth.
“Why pretend like we have choices when all you want to do is lead us into your story and force us to do exactly what you want us to do.”
“She needs a name.” Jack cut in, holding the chick up to his face, her little black eyes blinking at him with a tilt of her head. It looked almost angelic. “I think I’ll name her, Daphne.”
Dropping the bone, Dean took a slow step backward, pulling the bag over his shoulder, watching the beast as its heads seemed to be arguing over what to do with the smelly cow leg and who would get it first.
Dean clenched his jaw and blinked his eyes quickly. That heaviness, watching Cass being dragged back into the Empty... it hurt so much more now.
“Uncle Michael? Would you please help me seal the Darkness?” Jack looked to his uncle, that sweet smile on his face.
His brother smiled then, eyes dropping to the table, his thumb still tapping a rhythm, “Thanks.” He shifted in his seat, glancing at him then away, “So, you going to be okay being here? Alone?”
Sam’s face twisted up into yet another scowl bordering on bitch-face nineteen, but when Dean didn’t continue ribbing him, Sam met his eyes. He was honestly happy for his brother, it was everything he ever wanted for him. Raising his beer, and holding his gaze, Dean toasted him because he deserved it. “Seriously. Congratulations. You two are going to be great together.”
“We’ll get him back, Dean. I swear. We’ll get them all back.”
Dean huffed, shaking his head. “So, in other words, we still have bupkiss.”
“Hey, I bet if you prey to him, he’ll show up.” Dean said, sipping his drink—sipping because he didn’t want to lose sight of Cass, sipping because he still needed the alcoholic buzz to leave him warm and lethargic, encouraging him to smile a little more freely, to lean in close, voice dipping soft and inviting. And Castiel’s eyes were just as dark with the effects of his single beer.
“Yes, this is good.” Michael agreed, his smile grim, but his back straight and a determination in the set of his shoulders.
Dean couldn't breathe, his eyes widening, his heart threatening to escape his chest because he couldn’t lose Jack too. A shout burst from his chest; a cry so primal it reverberated in his throat. Sam drew his gun, Michael's archangel blade appeared in his hand, and Dean dropped his gun, legs pumping, blood running cold as he ran toward Jack and saw Chuck from the corner of his eye turn his head toward Jack with a slow smirk crawling over his smug face. Dean heard the gunshots behind him, the ping of the bullets bouncing off Chuck, and Dean slid through the dirt, throwing himself in front of Jack just as the first blow from Chuck connected in the form of a punch to his shoulder and he heard something crunch. Dean groaned and stumbled backward into Jack.
So, ironic that here he was, Dean Winchester, the man who believed in no one but himself and his family, had to have faith that Hades was keeping his end of the deal. Dean walked through the throne room, his steps heavy and head held high. The doors of the throne room groaned open and he passed through, back out into the blackness beyond.
The archangel tilted his head at him, studying him in a way that Jack wondered if there was something on his face.
He just fucking got winked at.
“You could have told me. I should have been there, I—”
“You would travel down to the fields of the dead to seek your love? Swearing to never look back till you have reached the light of day on the surface in the world above?”
He always found that motion alluring. As an angel, he didn’t understand why. As a human, it did things that made him feel warm and a bit desperate to taste that lip as well.
“We should go. Get patched up and washed up.” Castiel whispered against his lips, and Dean nodded, his shoulders finally relaxing.
Chuck shook, mouth moving, and for just a moment, Dean saw that squirrelly, flustered writer he met twelve years ago, so scared of everything, so insecure of himself he clung to any hint of acceptance to prove that he wasn’t just a pathetic hack and not someone to pity. “You’re my favorite characters. I didn’t want it to end.”
Dean bit back his plea, looking to Hades, face twisting, “You are the only one who can do this for me. You have a back door to the Empty. You don’t have to follow the laws the Judeo-Christian God and the Empty agreed upon. I’ll fight for him. I’ll… I’ll stay here for him… just… please, I need him back.”
“How? We promised, no more deals, no more lies.”
