John wants to reply with something as immensely childish as, 'Nothing, what's the matter with
manages to catalogue them all. No matter how far out into the universe you go, there's always more." He stopped to draw breath, and a giggly sort of grin snuck across his face. "Space," he began, with the sort of tone one might adopt as a headmaster in a primary school, "is big. Really big. You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly big it is. I mean, you might think it's a long way down the road to the chemist's, but that's just peanuts to space."
, I'd love to help."
He reached out and took the hand that the doctor was subtly holding out to him. "Actually," he admitted, smiling at Lestrade, "I think a few hints a little earlier might have done
"That's…" John's mouth opened and closed for a moment, searching for any kind of word that would describe the incredible flood of logical conclusion that had just poured from the actor's mouth. Holmes' angular face closed off quickly, the smirk fading. "That's amazing. How do you remember things like that? Do you always… draw conclusions that quickly?"
"It just wasn't you," John agrees, propping himself up against the back of the sofa and trying to rein in his laughter. "Just… just be yourself, Sherlock, or this won't work."
It was uncanny, really, how much this man knew. "None," he said suspiciously. "I found Sebastian Moran this morning. That's why I was at the bank, I meant to collect my passports."
are you?" the manager blustered when they burst in, stowing something that looked a little like Sherlock remembered
So the Lady runs up the stairs. John looks at me. "What are you going to tell Mycroft?" he asks, sounding like he thinks this whole thing is a very bad idea.
The detective spun on his heels and made to push Molly away from him, but the younger actor fumbled the move and his hands didn't connect. "Oh," Sherlock said, grabbing Molly by the arm to steady him. "I'm sorry - how much fight training have you had?"
John takes it, and wipes out a third can cleanly. Sherlock makes a good show of whistling in admiration. "Good shot, Captain."
"I see we have a new student," he said, his voice settling into a vaguely menacing lilt. "Stand up, boy, and introduce yourself."
Miracle's studio was almost at the end of Gracechurch street; John had barely stepped off the bridge before he caught sight of Sherlock's black greatcoat flapping in the morning breeze. The detective greeted him with a friendly clap on the shoulder and a bracing 'good morning'.
Unstaid and skittish in all motions else,
Both boys winced in sympathy; Matt was so skinny John often wondered how he got up in the morning without snapping his back, and Bradley seemed to have some sort of terminal allergy to physical exertion. Boot camp was probably both of their worst nightmares. John just shrugged. "You guys?"
"Hey, Sally," John said calmly, turning the page over before he turned to face her. She was leaning in what was evidently supposed to be a casual manner against the doorframe to the office. "So, um… good holiday, then?"
Sherlock snorted, and John laughed with him; in the companionable pause that followed Sherlock finished his tea and put the empty cup back on the coffee table. John was staring at him with this odd, intense look on his face.
John's hand slipped from its death-grip on Sherlock's upper arm down to where his shirt tucked into his trousers, tugging at it until the shirt came free and his knuckles scraped bare skin. Sherlock moaned against John's lips and kissed harder, plundering his mouth as deeply as he could as John's hand popped open the button on his trousers and worked its way into them. His palm slid against the head of Sherlock's cock, already wet with days of anticipation, and Sherlock's knees buckled and he fell forwards with a soft cry, his hands on either side of John's head just barely keeping him upright.
Will clapped from the front of the stage, clearly signalling he wanted to start the final scene. Sherlock kissed John quickly on the lips and then stepped away, but not quickly enough; other members of the company were already joining them backstage.
He followed them onstage, watching from far back as Sherlock fawned over the ass-headed mechanical, climbing on him and stroking his mask and generally making a fool of himself. He tried to smile at first, but it was just as strange and unsettling seeing the detective behaving like this as he could imagine it would be to watch the actual queen of the fairies doing so, and the smile soon faded into a disconsolate frown. By the time Ben entered, panting slightly, he had fallen back onto the tree-stump, staring thoughtfully at his queen. He greeted him in the same absent tone.
He'd never
"We don't," the Doctor shrugged. "But they want to be helpful. It can't
? - but what do you -"
Sherlock pulled away from him just enough to let his gaze travel downwards, across the trail of tawny hair that trickled down to pool at the base of his erection; John felt warm breath puff across his chest as it left his lover's lungs in a huff. One long, pale finger stroked its way between John's pectorals, tangling in the hairs there.
instead of thought. He reached out a hand to cover Sherlock's and squeezed, trying to bring his friend's attention back to him.
bit today was going to get it. He stood under the hot spray of the showers attempting to discern which side of the bed he'd tumbled out of, and how it compared to the orientation of his bed back at home, but after a while he decided that couldn't be the problem. He was just in a bad mood.
he answered after a moment.
"I told you it wasn't going to be a good day."
"It's fine," John deferred, raising his hands in surrender. "You
"Got anything lined up for today, then?" he asks, collecting both empty plates.
The Constable rolled his eyes. "I said I'd take the case," he reiterated. "John, I'll need to speak to you about it. Without Sherlock present. You knew this Anderson, you spoke to him before he disappeared."
I am - was - have been - Mary Brackenstall's lover."
quirked.
He reached and adoringly stroked a hand across each part of the man as it was mentioned; his lips, bending as John's finger parted them, opening as John's opened as if in anticipation of meeting; his pale throat stretched taut with tension; one hand dropping with John's eyes to cast a suggestive look lower -
Sherlock jumped as though he had forgotten the killer would have bruises. "Oh, fuck," he muttered softly, lifting a hand to his cheekbones.
tight we can't just snap it, it needs to be a slow awakening. Let them get their breath back after holding it for most of the last scene. Let them sort out the sexual crises they're having trying to figure out whether what they just saw was homosexual or not, whether they're aroused or uncomfortable or disgusted. By the time they realise that it's all of those at once, when the scene starts properly,
There was a pause. "Yeah," Henzell replied. "But hurry."
John frowned. He knew it had only been a few weeks, but he had trouble imagining moving back to a life that didn't have Sherlock in it in
"Home, maybe," John replies absently. "Or back to the pub. We should go back to the pub. Why did we have to
Sherlock pulls back, and John very quickly lets go of him and shifts backwards on the settee to give him a bit of space. Too far. No tongue.
he whispered, and his voice came out about an octave higher than normal and positively
The detective snorted, his eyes flicking quickly around the room. "You couldn't read an official document, we both know it wouldn't mean anything," he concluded.
" Sherlock snapped, folding his legs onto the settee and crossing his arms. John tried not to smile at his behaviour, especially when he looked over at the taller man in the doorway to find him smiling knowingly back.
The detective chucked John's chin cheerfully; John pulled away from the tease with an affronted frown. Sherlock chuckled. "
? gesture. "But why Wilkes?"
"Oh? What's that supposed to mean?" he asked, flipping a smile at the woman across the counter as she scanned his passport.
"Oh, Mr Grieg," he gasped when they tore their lips apart, resting their foreheads together.
he asked, in their tiny room allowing himself to whisper without worrying about their non-existent audience.
With only the tiniest nod of acknowledgement, Billy turned on his heel and strolled away into an alleyway between two shops.
Billy grinned. "Got it," he said brightly. "We'll be here."
It was surprising, really, how well John sympathised with Ophelia; to have someone court her and then so suddenly and so
"All right," he said cheerfully. "The kettle's just boiled, do you want tea?"
"Yes, that one." They share a knowing smile before Gregson returns, at which juncture Sherlock positively wriggles in delight. "Now. I'd like everyone to know that I have found Neville St Claire." John tries to supress the giggle at his antics and settles for rolling his eyes at Dimmock instead. The DI scowls.
Sherlock barely looked his age now; John could easily imagine that at twenty-four he would have barely looked old enough to grow a beard. Not that he could imagine Sherlock's face with a beard. He smiled at the thought. The former housebreaker grinned back. "You're lucky to be acting with him," he added. "I've seen him act."
The two children nodded obediently and took off, flitting from doorway to alleyway and somehow managing to keep out of the sight of the door they had pointed out as being Peters'; Sherlock watched them go with a satisfied smile on his face. John guessed that the detective had spent some time teaching them how to move without being observed. Once each child was settled - Billy sitting in a side-alley flicking pennies through the dirt like he had been there for half his life and Lizzie tucked so tightly against the side of a house that each time John looked away and back again his eyes slid right over her - Sherlock nodded sharply. "All right," he summarised. "Everybody ready?"
out, but she's still pulling me to her and I don't want her to let go. "I just… it's
he replied, but he couldn't help sounding a little reluctant.
he's a detective as well? When he's not acting, he's solving crimes."
John's ears rang. "Sorry, who?" he asked softly. He'd been thinking it slightly since Sherlock had mentioned the boy came from Islington, but he'd thought that it was only because he'd just seen Jim and he'd been thinking about that incident for months from being constantly in Sherlock's presence.
If the dome cast light from
, John."
Sherlock's lips tightened yet further, and his hand dropped back to his side. "Yes," he said shortly. "He certainly seems enthusiastic."
"It's a sort of last-ditch defence," T'Penya told him, bending over her commanding officer and flashing her pen-light in his eyes. "He will have retreated into his mind to shut them out from the inside - if he doesn't get out, then they can't get in."
The elder Holmes turns his light brown eyes on his younger brother. "Of course we are watching it, Sherlock. Our first problem lies in locating the most prominent supplier of such... tidbits to the market. My people have been unable to find him - an Eduardo Lucas."
The message ended with a similar
"Yes." Sherlock's fingers tap and shift at the pictures, moving them into different patterns and arrangements, flying over the forensic notes and reports as though he can read them by touch. "Given that the victims were all female, we're probably dealing with a man, and they all look fairly similar, so I think we're safe in saying it's a specific fantasy. The rape kit was negative, so it isn't a sexual thing – well, his anger with whoever these women represent isn't sexual, but I wouldn't rule out sexual sadism as the underlying motive, it usually is, a crime this specific."
many people seem to unanimously agree that he does in the comfort of his own home with absolutely no evidence. Like their obsession with formulating the
, he supposed; he'd recognised a lot of the sentiment etched into that play.
of his own likings for being dominated. He just hadn't expected them to be pulled to the front of his mind at that precise moment. John was a soldier, and he had unconsciously dominated Sherlock from very early on in their acquaintance. He had noticed Sherlock's haphazard eating and sleeping habits and gently took control of them, until he only had to hint that Sherlock ought to eat something and he would. Sometimes he felt like he ought to be annoyed at this, but he did have to admit that he functioned a lot better under John's instruction.
, loud and hot with passion; then in a sudden flurry of effort he pushed John away just far enough to shrug his coat and waistcoat off as if they were burning him, ripping his shirt the rest of the way out of his trousers to give John better access to his chest. Not one to spurn a gift, John surged forwards as soon as Sherlock's hands were clear, trapping his lips once more and sliding his hands up the invitingly warm skin underneath the loose shirt. The moan this time was pressed against John's lips; they vibrated at the speed of Sherlock's breathing, synchronising the two of them yet further. His friend's pale skin was soft and unbelievably
Sherlock frowned at him. "
Sherlock chuckled – a sound that went right down John's spine, low and sultry and warm. "I don't know," he said, shifting so that he was leaning against the panel of hooks behind him. "For a restricted crime-scene, this place seems to be quite the thoroughfare."
, something warm enclosing him and exerting a gentle pressure. He wondered what it felt like on Julien's end, wondered how he could still do that with his tongue when he had so much in his mouth; Sherlock could see the other boy's jaw stretching and wondered if it hurt.
He caught his jaw quickly before it fell open. "
is the house?"
Sherlock hadn't exactly been
Sherlock sat beside him on the edge of the stage once their scene had ended, grinning and running his long fingers through his hair. A thin film of sweat had begun to gather at his temples from the exertion, which stuck his hair where he pushed it back from his face at odd angles. It was only the second time John had ever seen the detective look less than perfectly composed, and he instantly felt his face flush scarlet at the memory of the first time. The blush did not escape the other man, who raised an eyebrow at him suspiciously. "What is it?" Sherlock asked. "I'm sweating. It's very hot, I'm sorry."
Of course, the consulting detective drags him along to the Yard with him so that he can berate the new young Sergeant he's taken a shine to for his lack of imagination and smile smugly in Lestrade's face when he gets the call from Dartmoor to say the horse has been found exactly where Sherlock said it would be. The DI gives John a world-weary look that turns quickly into a worried one. "Are you all right, John?" he asks gently as Sherlock waltzes off.
Will's smug smile continued in silence for another few moments before John grew sick of it and changed the subject. "Has he seen this?" he asked, waving the final cue-script in the air.
It had been
that. What makes you think I'd give that to you? After you've taken control of my body and my schedule now you want to take my "heart" as well?"
going to happen." Sherlock exhaled sharply, though in amusement or relief John couldn't tell. "She'll never let us hear the end of it," he remarked.
The idea had been playing in John's mind since their first encounter, and at the sound of that deep, sinful groan he couldn't hold himself back any longer. With a devilish grin, John flipped them over so that Sherlock was on his back with John hovering over him; the detective made a strangled sound at the movement that dissolved into a gasp as John brushed their chests together, briefly allowing their groins to slide against each other as he pushed his body into a crouch at Sherlock's feet, his face level with his lover's dusky erection. Sherlock's eyes widened, as though he hadn't considered that this was a possibility, but John barely had time to consider the almost panicked look before he took the head into his mouth and felt the other man's body convulse around him.
John's face blinked back at him, only it
When he returns, slightly giddy with his own success, Sherlock has tucked his feet up underneath him and tented his fingers in front of his lips, staring at the newcomer intently. The woman perched uncomfortably on the chair facing him is middle-aged and beautiful in a way that John can't help thinking shouldn't be allowed; rich and warm and mature. Once upon a time he would have been tripping over himself in the presence of this woman; right now, all he can think is that he should have saved the gesture of wiping Sherlock's face until she could see it and know that he was out of bounds.
Sherlock finally recognised her: they'd shared the Chemistry lab during more than one lunchtime last year. "Molly," he greeted, putting a hand on her shoulder. She jumped a mile into the air and almost fell over again.
" he whispered, as John laughed and the sound vibrated through where they were connected, sending thrills through his chest to his throbbing cock. "Please, take me," he begged, almost attempting to sit up before remembering that his hands wouldn't let him.
It's impossible to know what to say. He'd been so scared that this would happen, and now here they are. There's nothing he possibly
"Don't we need… I mean, is it going to stick to your skin?" he asked, already eyeing Sherlock's wrists as though he was imagining them bound with the stuff.
A twitch of the policeman's clenched fist warned Sherlock to take a step backwards and shut up. "Fine," he said after a pause. "I'm going. Wouldn't want to face the wrath of the London Metropolitan Police."
"I'm holding you to that promise," she said softly. Sherlock smiled back, aiming for reassuring but feeling slightly derisive - it wasn't as if she could do anything if he didn't. She stepped forwards as if she was going to embrace him, so he stepped back hurriedly. "Right," she said softly. "Yes. Probably shouldn't."
The man, when he arrived, was tall, tanned and nervous-looking, fidgeting with a naval cap between his hands as his dark eyes darted anxiously around the small room. He was dressed as a sailor; John felt Sherlock sit up straighter in his chair as he stepped through the door. "Master Holmes?" he asked tentatively, his eyes shifting uncertainly between the two of them.
is only just realising that not all dominants are cruel." He sighed at the Inspector's blank look. "There are different dynamics to this sort of relationship, Lestrade. Being the dominant partner implies a certain level of control, it's true, and many people do play up that element and use it to incorporate pain and humiliation and a degree of sexual servitude. But having power over someone also leaves you with a responsibility to take care of them. To look after them. My guess would be that that was the element Stephens showed our killer, and she wasn't expecting it."
The detective allowed his brother and the Constable a few moments to open the conversation, but when they did not, he sat himself up straighter and began it himself. "There have been several developments in the case since you left, Lestrade," he said briskly. "I cannot speak for my brother, but I am primarily interested in the people that Lady Carfax may have been seen speaking to in Sussex."
so close and knowing that they think they're absolutely worthless?"
"You can't," Bradley put in, fiddling with the remote for the television. "They lock the kitchens at eight."
designs."
Thanks so much to absolutely everyone who has commented, subscribed, favourited, bookmarked or even just read this story, you guys are absolutely incredible.
"It's okay," he says softly, resting his hand on his friend's knee reassuringly. "I know you didn't mean it. But the fact that you said it means that it's something that bothers you, so I was still trying not to."
Sherlock came, gasping out John's name as he spurted into a tissue held at the ready, his entire body spasming in helpless pleasure. He couldn't remember the last time he'd come that hard; it seemed to last for an unnaturally long time, before he eventually shook his way into a panting, trembling mess on his bed, residual images of John's brief post-coital smile flittering through his mind, imagining what it would be like to be able to roll over and have John's naked and sweaty body to roll into and curl up against, to drift in and out of a light doze until one of them had to do something.
you, John." He tries to smile, but it shakes. "I saw you and I knew I could have you, that you'd care about me and run around with me and not judge me the way other people did. I'd never wanted that before, but you were
"So Straker took the horse out of the stable to sabotage it in the middle of the paddock where no-one would hear it. But then who killed him?"
You mean you haven't been…"
"Captain Kirk," Sherlock said proudly, looking up at his godfather with wide eyes.
corridor?"
He ran his hand through the lube and then gripped both their erections together. Sherlock almost headbutted him as his body curled reflexively upwards. "
"Sherlock, please," John begged, afraid he might tremble out of his own skin if his friend kept up the gentle, teasing pace.
John smiled uneasily. Even when he set his own jealousies as far towards the back of his mind as they would go, he wasn't sure that Sherlock encouraging Ben's obsession was a good idea. The boy already idolised him, and he wasn't sure that the detective would recognise his infatuation in time to stop Ben's heart from breaking.
Kemp looked meaningfully between the two of them.
Of these Plantagenets, Henry and Edward,
Sherlock drops one hand and sighs. "I'm sorry," he says, his deep voice trembling. "I'm really sorry, John. I thought I could do it, but… God, I'm sorry."
The detective's smile widened for an instant before vanishing into a businesslike expression. "Thank you for your time," he said considerately to the butler. John raised an eyebrow at Lestrade, who snorted and led the way out of the house and back into the weak sunshine. Donovan looked at him expectantly.
The shadow moved with him like any normal shadow would, limbs swinging as he climbed the stairs back to the main floor of the building. It didn't change position along with the lights, but trailed along behind him as though struggling to keep up. The Doctor was speaking to him, but he was preoccupied with staring at the shadow as it flowed up the stairs and down the hallways. It just looked so
Well, bloody hell. John wonders if Sherlock can feel his pulse cantering away like a rogue racehorse under his fingers as they tiptoe down the passageway and into what might possibly be a room. He can't quite tell because his eyes haven't adjusted to the dark yet, and Sherlock's hand is like an anchor, burning his skin where they are touching, the only thing he can be sure of.
The thought of heavy, oily Indian takeaway after not eating for so long makes my stomach turn. "No. You get some if you like, I'm fine for a bit."
. And he'd never realised that trying to
Perhaps there had been a flicker of something, earlier in the afternoon, when Professor Slughorn had been in raptures over the many uses Polyjuice potion had served when Harry Potter overthrew Voldemort, but the actual
, and not just because they needed release at that particular moment, not under the guise of helping out a friend.
Angelo chuckled. "He said you'd say that," he said. "Go on, up you go. Up the stairs, door furthest from the landing." He flapped a hand in the direction of the stairs, still chuckling at Sherlock's apparent joke. John shook his head in bemusement and made his way up to the room.
wanted to, and had only done it for the sake of the case, the way he reluctantly joined him on uncomfortable stake-outs or pretended to be drunk or infirm while Sherlock lured in suspects?
Sherlock folds himself upright, still giggling like a schoolgirl. "Oh, relax, John, he won't do anything. And that's the best way to allay suspicion – it's so
"I'm not sure I want him near you, actually," John commented. Sherlock could hear the frown in his voice. "Once you've felt
He raised a condescending eyebrow. "I wanted to see how far you'd go. I didn't think you'd actually let it get that far, but I can't say I was disappointed.
him. So he would take the time to think about what might happen if he let something slip and John felt the same way, how something
John asked, grabbing Sherlock's hand as it passed him and staring up at him, transfixed.
It had been just over a week since their first interrupted 'date' and John liked her more and more with each passing discovery: she showed him her photography and design projects on Friday and tried baking chocolate-chip cookies with him on Monday evening (Jim had picked the lock to the kitchens after the catering staff had left). She was sweet, flattering and bold enough to laugh with him and make fun of his abysmal egg-beating skills, but her sense of humour wasn't built solely on the humiliation of others, like certain other people he knew. When he made that remark to Bill, the redhead had clutched his heart as though someone had speared him through the chest with an arrow. Jim had chuckled. "Yes, that was a hint," he'd quietly affirmed, his dark lips twisting into a smirk as the gangly older boy swatted at him.
Molly was saying, walking in an idle but slightly predatory circle around the detective.
John didn't move. "No, I… I really am sorry," he repeated, fidgeting with the teacup in his hand before placing it firmly on Sherlock's bedside table. "I brought tea, I thought – but obviously you're not – I'll just go, shall I?"
John didn't, though, merely held out a hand to help him off the sofa. Flushing, Sherlock took it, careful to overshoot the gesture a little and bump gently into his flatmate's good shoulder, apologising with a quiet voice and yawning helplessly again. He took a moment to consider that before he met John he never would have allowed himself to be so vulnerable in front of another person, and yet now falling asleep and waking up slowly with John seemed easier than doing it alone.
with Sherlock will be something else entirely! Even just rehearsing with him - it's like there's something intense connecting you together, you know, like there isn't enough air in the room?" John smiled at his enthusiasm and waved him away, fastening his own trousers and feeling his cheeks heat slightly as the boy's eyes followed his hands to his groin before he turned away.
"Give up, Bill. You know I didn't go to Carl's funeral."
Under your hard construction must I sit,
him with this control, even
Sherlock had never liked libraries back home, but he instantly appreciated this one. The alluring smell of old books pervaded the control room; Sherlock hazarded a guess that all the books in this library were positively ancient by his standards. It was comforting to know that something so mundane as a library would still exist so far away from Earth, 2015.
things to be vocalised before he'll acknowledge them, and so the two of them would fester in days of awkward almost-touches before the good doctor snapped and forced a confrontation.
friendly to anyone except Lestrade, Mrs Hudson and me."
And John snapped. "What did you
Sherlock rubs his chin hard with the knuckles of his thumbs, struggling internally to compose his thoughts the right way. Then he looks up at John again, his eyes deadly serious. "I
would have needed some space after something like that. Remember when we first slept together? I barely talked to you for a few days, that didn't mean I wasn't madly in love with you. I just needed some time to process what was happening because I'd never felt like that about anyone before."
Bill got up and crossed over to where John was sitting to clap him on the back. "John, mate," he said seriously. "You weren't ready. Maybe it's better that he be disappointed for a while and then move on than the both of you have false hope for however long a relationship might last."
Sherlock frowns. "
, you fool!"
Sherlock frowned at the Doctor as he clicked off the speaker and turned to leave. If they were correct, and the Vashta Nerada were only hanging around his ankles as a scare tactic, moving couldn't do Sherlock any more harm than staying terribly still. "You could open the observation room with your screwdriver," Sherlock told the Doctor suspiciously. "Why do we need them to meet us there?"
He waved the apologies away. "So you haven't seen anyone that matched my descriptions, then?"
He shrugs, an adorable little wiggle of his shoulders that echoes down his whole body. "I think I could sleep through a hurricane right now."
skin," he corrected himself. John grinned, his eyes gleaming at the correction.
He didn't stop until he reached the boarding of the street outside, forcing John to run to keep up and almost collide with the back of him. "Are you okay?" John asked, though he had a strong suspicion that Sherlock had simply had an idea and wished to follow it up as quickly as possible without regard to either of the other people who had been in the room.
And have you ever known the Randall gang to take
Sherlock raised a languid eyebrow. "Very good, Doctor," he drawled. "
"Okay," he says. Sherlock leans back against the wall, looking exhausted, as John grabs his phone and his coat and his wallet and leaves the flat, letting out the tears as soon as the door closes behind him.
John cursed under his breath. "We haven't seen him," he said. There was a pause as everyone processed this information. "We can't go on without a Titania," John said, undoubtedly voicing what everyone else was thinking.
Sherlock tried to shrug, but the movement didn't come out quite the way he had intended through his bound wrists, so he hummed uncomfortably instead. "Only right there – ah! Don't stop, please, Vince."
. The burly blond from his floor – when Sherlock had accused him of being secretly gay, he hadn't expected him to actually act on it. And yet – he had been at the swimming competition the day before, he must have met this boy there and arranged to meet again today, when they knew the place would be deserted. Such cavalier ignorance of respect for the dead twisted Sherlock's face into a reluctant wry smile. If that had been Sebastian's idea – but no, the boy didn't have that much imagination.
The man smiled wryly. "Acting is… hypnotic," he said. "There is a joy to be had from acting that you cannot get in any other way." John grinned; he knew the feeling. Another reason he'd never wanted to become a physician after Brest. "And, as I said, I still play women because they're more challenging, and therefore more rewarding. And, in comedies, such as the one your Master Shakespeare is writing, often far more fun."
Except for times like now.
"You know," the Doctor said conversationally, "somewhere in the world, there actually are people called John Smith and Bob Jones. Quite a few of them."
. "I'm going back to Cuxton today, Mother," he told her politely. "I came to say goodbye."
"There you are," he said softly, pressing a rough and sloppy kiss on Sherlock's cheekbone, more teeth than tongue, his face settling in the groove of Sherlock's shoulder as his head was pushed away. It was a tiny bit patronising, and Sherlock felt a jolt of irritation that reminded him – not that he had
John followed him once more, again forcing him to stride to the other side of their makeshift stage.
"To this Mystery Man. It's a puzzle, my mind's on it now."
he asked after a moment, Orlando apparently finding nothing else to comment on.
Sherlock smiles. "Is this the part where we kiss, Doctor?" he teases, and the tone of his voice is so completely insincere that any
" he said ominously.
The horns continued until John had haphazardly closed the last button on Theseus' trousers and the two of them sprinted back onto the stage, flanked by an amalgam of their fairy trains, changed into more military costumes. Sherlock's costume - again, hurriedly found in the dressing-rooms as Tobias' toga would not fit the taller detective - was still slightly too short, riding up his pale thighs as he ran onstage. John took a moment to pull his eyes away from them before delivering his first line as Theseus, delighting in his Hippolyta's joy at the hunt and their apparent reconciliation.
"Do you think Mycroft cares about any aspect of Lestrade's life or personality? Where he lives, what he likes, what he does in his spare time? The only reason he tolerates him at all is because he likes the way his class represents itself. It's always been his weakness," Sherlock snarled.
I take another tissue and blow my nose again. Crying would be infinitely more dignified if it didn't make your nose run. "We were in Brighton for a case," I start from the beginning. "We were on the beach, and it was all going so nicely, and then… I… he's been trying to make me
The shadows were still advancing, seeming to converge on him as though sensing weakness, and so John took a deep breath in and opened the door, stumbling into the courtyard of Sherlock's mind. He slammed the door shut behind him as quickly as he could against the rushing wave of darkness, breathing heavily as the stone melded back into solid wall under the weight of his forehead as he leaned against it.
of people who turned up. The two of them fought their way to the women's changing rooms, John ducking under the arm of a teacher attempting to direct a few spectators to their seats.
Sherlock nodded minutely. "I'm sorry," he said to Charlotte. "Really, if there's anything I can do."
And John? John could not be called weak –
He thought about John all the way home.
subtle?
He almost wanted it to be over quickly so that he could push Julien down and try it himself, but at the same time he'd
The shorter man almost stopped in his tracks, instead missing a beat in his steps, his jaw slack. "Say that again?"
"Not your sweetheart, Murray!"
My head hits the palms of my hands. I didn't
maintain that
Sherlock didn't particularly care if people saw; any questions they had about what was happening in
"You can survive indefinitely without killing," the Doctor said through clenched teeth, his voice still echoing through the PA. "I will give you back this forest if you give
"Slessinger," the Constable replied immediately. "The husband, Raymond, was a religious leader of some description, the inkeep didn't know any more."
So I by that: it is my day, my life." He reached out beseechingly to Sherlock, who turned pointedly away from him and back to the audience.
" he pronounced, "
of his body a tongue-bath like an attentive mother cat, but he didn't think that it would have gone down too well with the murderer, especially not in front of the entire bar. John did not miss the movement. He wondered whether Montgomery would have.
John shrugged, wondering what Sherlock had said about it. "It was mostly Sherlock," he admitted.
" he guessed.
Sherlock doesn't look up. "No," he says shortly, his lips tight. "My head is about to explode."
powerful wizard.
The next thing he throws is raw eggs; by the time he's throwing rice dumplings I've had three glasses of
"I have sensitive follicles," he defended. "When people play with my hair it's like static electricity - my whole scalp sort of crackles. It's difficult to formulate an appropriate response to that feeling in public, so I style my hair carefully because I don't want to have to touch it. And I
help?" he repeated playfully. John let out the tiniest of chuckles.
"Good," Sherlock smiled at him. "Again at that speed, then we'll try full-speed." They parted once more to reset; the taller man cast his eyes quickly around the arena, and came to rest on John.
Sherlock glanced at John; this evening was the first whole-company rehearsal for
The Doctor laughed a little. "I
John smiled at the Constable, because Sherlock was already gone.
John argued, rising to one knee and shuffling slightly towards Sherlock, who merely adjusted the trajectory of his circle to compensate for the movement.
John hears the noise and comes into the room. "Cup of tea, Sherlock – oh, no. You're not okay."
The Irish boy looked up from his cellphone, an expression of quiet surprise on his face. "Yes, it is," he agreed. "John."
John frowned slightly at Ganymede's constant disparagement of women, coming as they did from a woman in disguise. He'd always been slightly uneasy at the tactic that Rosalind chose to woo Orlando, by rather violently warning him away from love and women. Sherlock watched him for a moment as though expecting him to reply: John glanced down at the cue-script, but there were no lines. After an expectant moment, the detective drew breath and stepped softly closer.
I don't know what he thinks he's doing – one minute he's forcing me to eat, sleep, be nice to people, make tea for both of us, and the next he's telling me to sit down while he does everything and complimenting me and being sugary-sweet and too nice. I probably shouldn't feel this way, but it's become like a game, to guess what mood John will be in each morning and try to pre-empt it. It's interesting that I've been wrong almost every time – does he watch
her hug, secretly grateful to have an excuse. People were always trying to hug him - usually family members of victims - and finding an excuse to shrug them off was generally something John had done for him. Or not, if he was annoyed with Sherlock and wanted him to suffer a little. A tiny smile wormed its way onto Sherlock's face. "Go," he repeated, gesturing the other two towards the door.
The doctor's face split into a wry smile. "Looks like I might be getting that way," he replied easily. Sherlock laughed.
His face lit up again. "You're doing the play?"
Sherlock's smug smile drops; he huffs standoffishly and picks up his bow. "It solved the case," he mutters, before breaking out into a scratchy rendition of somebody's
"No. I think the whole class either doesn't care about their grades or would be too terrified to actually go and find you, let alone talk to you, and you can forget being one-on-one tutored by you. Your name's kind of… got around."
he finishes. "Yeah, I remember."
But eventually the last shudder of pleasure fades and he's left with what comes after.
Then he shrugs. "Fair enough. I'd love to see the police report in the morning, though."
Sherlock let out a shuddering breath, his hands white-knuckled on the bed-rail. "Of
happened and I can't understand why, and I'm hungry and it hurts like an ache in the pit of my stomach and I can't block out the noise of the traffic and the loo flushing and Mrs Hudson making tea downstairs and I need John to breathe and talk and make a calm noise I can focus on but I sent him away two hours ago because he was standing too close and distracting me and it's all too much, I can't
Molly said sadly.
we do anything else."
Sherlock smiles and leans forward. "Because I know I
The library turned out to be just as dull this year as it had been in the last, and so Sherlock found himself arriving at Lab Four ten minutes early for Chemistry, as opposed to his usual calculated five minutes late. Because it was the first lesson of the year, almost everyone else was also there already, having basically sprinted in order to get the best seats and the lab partner that they wanted.
!" the figure yelled as it got closer, and John immediately took off after the first sprinter, the fuzz of alcohol stripping from his head in the wind.
Sherlock looked down at him with wide green-grey eyes, his pupils blown wide. John thought he saw a flash of something that might have been
Ben popped up at the playwright's elbow, scratching thoughtfully at an ivy leaf on his sternum. "Is he sick? That wasn't normal for him."
He stood up, knocking John's arm out of his way, and stormed off, his wig hanging lopsided. John stared after him with his jaw hanging open.
"I'd forgotten she was back today, actually. I'll have to photocopy my notes after class." The blond made a non-committal noise and started doodling on his own ringbinder; the idle scrawl quickly became a detailed biro sketch of the pot-plant by the window. John watched it develop with mild amazement. "God, everyone's so talented," he mused. "I'm surrounded by geniuses. It's not fair." Bradley frowned up at him, so he gestured at the picture. "Your sketching. Jim's math."
John frowned at the red line, stark against the cream wall and black ink of the portraits. "I still don't see why Mycroft would be involved," he argued. "I mean, he works for the Queen. I can't see her Majesty ordering anyone to kidnap her own daughter. Especially not someone she doesn't like."
"Yes,
She smiled fondly at him. "Give them ten minutes to clean themselves up and then you can go and knock on their door," she said, standing up briskly as though she had just suggested care of a wound he had sustained rather than how to deal with her post-coital tenants. "Cup of tea, Inspector?"
It was a very different kiss, longer and sweeter, and John found his mind slipping as though the kiss was a raging river and he was desperately clinging to the bank of
Sherlock gave him the ghost of a smile. "Of course – they added the Incolumus Charm to the NEWT syllabus in my fifth year, so you wouldn't have studied it. This is probably the one place your age puts you at a disadvantage."
John blinked as the door swung open on a skinny redhead girl. "You
Sherlock shrugged. He supposed when this was over there would need to be a discussion about that – trouble seemed to follow the Doctor with surprising alacrity. Or perhaps it was the other way around, remembering the way he had entered the bank in Frankfurt because the Judoon were already there. Sherlock was not complaining either way; he hadn't had this much fun since he had left Baker Street.
it exactly, but he isn't making any efforts to break it off and he's got his arms on her shoulders and she's got her
Judging by the look on Sherlock's face as he subtly tried to crane his neck to see inside their house, John wouldn't have encouraged Peters to count on it. Whether or not the assassin believed him, Peters smiled awkwardly in dismissal. "As I said, Constable, this really isn't a good time - my wife is very distressed about her mother, I'm afraid I cannot allow you inside my house."
The Doctor shook his head. "They might have only just hatched. Or it could just be… in ordinary forests, the Vashta Nerada survive on roadkill and the natural deaths that just happen in a forest. Maybe they didn't
Then Julien caught Sherlock's lower lip between his teeth and
He stayed until the ambulance turned up, and when the medic – a man named Kenny that Lestrade had had occasion to work with before – asked him if he wanted to ride with the invalid, he looked back at the door of his flat that his wife had closed on him and thought, why not.
I notice everyone else staring at me. "What's that?" John asks with interest.
he was going to be murdered, even if they weren't involved - although I would say that's unlikely at this stage. I didn't see any other servants when we were at the house - if Lestrade just turned up and they were the only two people in the house, it's a reasonable assumption to make." He tucked the portrait into his coat pocket and grinned falsely up at his brother. "We'll revisit the house. I daresay this won't be the only irregularity we find, now that we know what we're looking for."
and his legs jerking enough to send water slopping over the sides of the bath. John's legs clamped over his own and his hands ceased their movement on his head, burying them and holding firmly instead to keep him from injuring himself any further after the first brutal whack of his knee on the side of the bath. John was saying something, maybe making soothing noises, but Sherlock could barely hear him over the roaring of his own blood in his ears - his vision had gone, he couldn't see, couldn't think, could barely
Sherlock straightened himself, his chest heaving. "Lizzie," he panted. "Has anyone left the house?"
He reaches up his free hand and runs a thumb along the sharp ridge of the detective's cheekbones, his heart thumping uncomfortably.
it, felt his friend's body shuddering and his chest heaving, heard the tiny abortive moans he had made, almost come himself at the knowledge that he had done that,
"What's he done?" Jim asked curiously as he placed a tray of curry down beside Bill. John noticed amid the sense of impending doom that the Irish boy's hair and clothing were as impeccable as ever.
There was a ringing silence at the other end of the line. The torch flickered again for a few moments before dying completely. Sherlock's skin crawled. "The lights," the Doctor said quietly after a minute or two. "Did they come on when you first went into the room, and then die like the torch?"
"There isn't one," the thin man said irritably. "There is a strong-box in Lord Brackenstall's office, but it was not tampered with. The only things that were taken from this house were the silver from the mantel and a few items of my Lady's jewellery."
He fidgeted uncomfortably, wishing the copier would hurry up. "Yeah. They'll pay my fees for med school provided I serve if they need me to. It's really the only way I could become a doctor."
things from John, too. Only in an abstract sort of a way, in that sometimes when he pleasured himself the doctor's face popped into his head, in that occasionally out of curiosity he wondered whether John would like to hold or be held, whether he himself would rather have his friend's strong arms around him or his stocky body held tightly against his own chest. He shrugged instead, affecting disinterest, and wandered off to find John's laptop.
. "I'm clean," he said, almost as an afterthought.
would be a good one," he remarked.
look and for a moment it's the old Sherlock and John chuckles. "No, I wasn't thinking that you thought I actually wanted to cut you open and take it out. I mean, if you don't want to give it to me, I'm not going to force you. I won't take it against your will. I want you to love me, Sherlock, but only if you want to."
"I'm sorry," John told him.
Sherlock opened his mouth to reply, but closed it again with a snap and looked over at the group congregating around Will once more. They had apparently not taken John's polite refusal as an answer, and had instead began a low chant of
John clasped a hand around Sherlock's bicep to keep himself upright, as though the words had knocked him back, then surged forwards once more in indignant fury. Orsino had never been able to accept that Olivia would not love him when he was everything a woman should wish for in a husband, rejection by her in front of the young man the two of them were both obsessed with would be difficult for him to bear. Knowing, finally, that Olivia was just as in love with Cesario as he was and that perhaps was why she wasn't interested in him - the anger surely bubbled over the brim of Orsino's self-control.
However, by this stage he's too exhausted to think about much other than the fact that Sherlock has just solved the case and that means he'll be free to sleep after another hour or so of gloating, so it sticks a metaphorical Post-it next to the thought and flags it for later.
The detective frowned. "More
John flashed a grin back. "I think that quite often, actually," he quipped, and then they were reaching for each other as though it was perfectly natural, John's hand sliding into the hair at the nape of Sherlock's neck, Sherlock's own taking up their previous position around the doctor's hips as their lips connected.
John stared in surprise.
And yet he turned to me after Bill marched off towards the table and said, "If you need to leave, if they're too much for you, just say and we'll go, all right?"
, and he supposed that it would be surprising if he didn't try the same kind of thing again. "I'm certain he will now," he agreed. Sherlock smiled fondly at him, the candlelight extending the smile to the hollows under his sharp cheekbones, and John wondered if he hadn't given Angelo the idea all along.
They kissed until the smell of pomegranates and steam from the hot water surrounded them, until the bath was a little too deep and John had to put towels down around the edges to soak up the water that slopped over them as they got in. Sherlock submerged his head briefly before leaning against John's chest and sighing in utter content.
"They were handed into a store in Moregate," he answered after a rather deep breath. "One of my homeless network recognised the emerald necklace. And, incidentally, the messenger."
he reasoned after a moment.
"Well, you're in the mainframe, you can control the security. Except that we can't physically get in there without letting them in as well." There was a pause; evidently the same idea had occurred to the Doctor, who was frowning mightily. "Whoever commissioned that extra room must have some way to control their security. There must be a secondary security system. Maybe an extra password encrypted somewhere?"
," Will said, watching them through the gap in the stage door, "I have another two acts of cue-scripts for
He sat down, introduced his head to the table, and groaned.
He kept an eye on the stagehand as the time crept on: the poor man, always flustered from running around after their largely amateur cast, seemed not to be able to decide whether to stand or sit, compulsively pulling his pocket-watch out and checking it. By the time William Shakespeare burst through the stage door, ruffled and panting, John was beginning to share in his anxiety as the noise from the audience grew. "Is he here?" he playwright asked desperately.
The landing party had been on the planet's surface for less than twenty minutes when John's comm crackled back into life. "Doctor Watson," Captain Adler's voice barked. "Something's gone wrong with the landing party. We're a crew-member down and Holmes is compromised. We're beaming them up now, prepare to receive the First Officer for urgent medical attention."
By the time she comes back, five minutes have passed. I glance at my watch before taking a seat on the sofa; John sits down next to me. "Well then, my Lady," I say amicably. "Explain."
"Anything we can do?" Hannah asked.
for the often abysmal way the police handle reports of sexual abuse. Also, there were two places I could have split this and the next chapter; I chose the earlier one, which means that there's no romance in this chapter – but it also means that I've written about two-thirds of the next chapter already. Hooray!
it. For the
But mine is all as hungry as the sea,
Sherlock gasped, his fingernails scraping involuntarily down John's chest as his hands convulsed into fists. "
The girl shivered. "Boxes," she said. "Big boxes. They put people inside an' then take 'em away."
He turns around indignantly. "Yeah? Where are you going to get a garrotte from?" he asks. Sherlock smirks.
The detective bent and directed Hippolyta's doubts at the spellbound groundlings.
John had to bite the inside of his cheek rather hard at the suggestion, feeling his stomach tighten and the low buzz of orgasm loom frighteningly close. He groaned helplessly, burying his face in Sherlock's shoulder. "Oh God," he repeated. "I
The young actor's posture changed yet again, the thunderstorms brewing into open flames. "
He tried to look innocent, but apparently he wasn't quick enough; John assumed a look of outrage. "
Sherlock smiled again. "I'm a consulting
"Right," the Doctor said, nodding slowly. "What year is it?"
while Toby is still offstage, while John's walking offstage, and then John if you duck off, change and come back on as Toby, then the Duke has no lines until Sebastian enters. The audience knows it's the same person anyway because the costume will just be a jacket for the Duke that comes off for Toby, so the quick change will work as well." He dramatically threw the script aside, its pages separating and scattering across the stage. "Shall we try it like that?"
The detective pushed suddenly, rolling them over so that he was knelt between John's legs like an alabaster statue. John gasped at the unexpected movement before chuckling at the smirk on his lover's face as he gently lowered his body until they were flush together, just nudging his hips into the bed enough to make John plant his hand on the lush swell of his buttock with a groan.
The three of them stood and stared, too shocked to move. Then Sherlock recovered himself a little and looked up at the Doctor. "What now?" he asked quietly.
John stared between the two for a moment; Billy stared back with unashamed curiosity. "You with him, then?" he asked finally. "Mister Holmes?"
lot," he rounded on Kemp and his scenemate, who cringed a little. "Your entrance breaks their tension. But after we've just wound the audience
"B-A-M-F. Bad-ass mother-you-know-what. All the cool kids are saying it."
It was a transparent dig at Orsino's verbose declarations of love for Olivia, and yet John knew that the Duke was so self-absorbed he would not see it that way.
here - and not only factual information, but memories and hopes and dreams.
And humbly beg the death upon my knee."
I'd used it!"
Once again, this was checked over by the delightful
John nods and moves off to the kitchen, but Sherlock's voice calls him back. "John?" He makes an exaggerated gesture of wiping his mouth. John catches sight of his face in the mirror above the mantelpiece and realises that Sherlock's boysenberry stain was nothing compared to his own. He wipes it off embarrassedly. His flatmate smiles and – was that a
as he burst through the door and the other players' reverie.
and it was just a case of finding out where, but he didn't know
"I want to go and see," Sherlock said suddenly.
seemed to find it unsettling that he could switch from that to the vibrancy of his emotions on stage so smoothly, but John had seen the other side to him. While involved in his detective work Sherlock seemed a whole different person, energetic and elated and so
normal than he actually is, and love him for it. He doesn't habitually sleep on the sofa or deprive himself of necessary rest for days on end unless he has to, or turn his nose up at food offered to him when he's hungry. And he
style of address, and loop my arm over his like a Victorian lady, speaking in falsetto. "Of course, Doctor Watson."
Tom frowned slightly, ducking behind the bar. "There wasn't anything from you when I checked the house phone last night. Whiskey? On the house." Sherlock appraised the bottle he was holding out and nodded gratefully; John, still looking like he was daring Tom to challenge him, declined. "Eliza took the messages during the day, I think, but she said there was nothing important."
"There's something wrong with that," Sherlock mused, leaning over the Doctor's shoulder. "That back wall, something I can't quite pin down."
Mike Stamford knocked on the wall behind them in an affectation of clumsiness to announce his arrival and shouted
mean it? Sherlock hadn't intended them to actually kiss the previous night, he'd assumed it would make John uncomfortable and thought that simply talking through it with the doctor exuding Montgomery's general air would be sufficient. Apparently kissing Sherlock
Sherlock growled, surging forwards and pressing their lips together again, John's Quidditch robes warm under his hands, his mouth hot and welcoming. "I was
For Vince, who demanded I name a character in a story after him, and who was once upon a time a regular feature in my own submissive fantasies. Happy now? For the rest of you, I've planned out the rest of this story and it will be a grand total of 9 chapters long, including a porny epilogue. Also, The Edge is a real Soho bar but I've never been there so my representation of it is fictional, as is the Ball and Chain.
The man nodded. "Interesting. I've only ever seen them keep prey for this long once before. Then, I thought I'd foiled them by darkening the visor of her spacesuit so that they thought they already
The door banged open. Sherlock froze, his hand gripping hard at the base of his cock. He was cocooned in his Silencing charm, but he didn't want to move in case whoever it was saw his bed hangings shifting and guessed that he wasn't asleep. He held his breath, straining to hear who it was that had interrupted him and was now toeing off his shoes.
"Solving crimes," Sherlock announced, sounding almost proud. John grinned at the two of them. Will laughed. The detective had clearly missed the innuendo that Will had injected into the question - was that Sherlock's apparent scorn of all matters of the heart showing, or was it a more specific ignorance, because he simply hadn't considered John in that particular light?
?" He says the last sentiment with a wry quirk to his upper lip and a slightly derisive tone, like he's quoting something he saw in a crap American Meg Ryan rom-com.
Ben laughed lightly. "I think it's fantastic how confident he is all the time. It's incredible to watch on stage."
use the words 'Tesco' and 'fun' in the same sentence again, I will garrotte you."
bridge to continue to the level below. "Do you actually know for certain that Anderson and Donovan are sleeping together?" John asked as they passed the bridge, grinning. "Or was that just your mind speculating?"
He smiled modestly. "Thank you…" he said, leaving the sentence inflected like a question so that she would provide her name.
"I was so sure it was her," the doctor remarked in the cab back to Baker Street.
He kept the silence for a few streets until the detective seemed to have cooled off a little, his strides slowing, his eyebrows unknitting themselves. Then he coughed gently. "So what do we do now?" he asked, carefully phrasing it as read that the two of them would remain together. They had to perform
Lestrade frowned. "He didn't seem that bad," he muttered.
He reached for his bag, biting his lip. "I have a book I'm supposed to read for Chemistry. I don't want to disturb you, but do you mind if I do it here? I just want… to be around someone."
, once, and you're only attracted to all these others because of him," Bill speculated whimsically.
would have done. It's what Lestrade and Donovan would have done.
The FO himself, though, continued to be noticeable only by his absence. John was beginning to despair a little. He
John quoted simply, "
conversation for the morning, but then he was stepping inside and closing the door with a snap. Sherlock let out a breath of relief. He wasn't sure what he would do if he invited the doctor in so blatantly and he wasn't interested: it would probably involve some hasty excuse about being desperate for release and half-blinded by arousal at the time.
"At the time?" Sherlock repeated questioningly.
"They died. About six months ago."
When he announced that he was moving in with Mary I was, embarrassingly, too shocked to say anything except
For a moment he thought Grieg was about to say no; then the teacher sighed and swung the door open further, making a lazy 'come in' gesture as he walked back into the rooms, not looking at Sherlock.
John stands up and tentatively moves over to his flatmate, who looks up at him for a moment, then sighs and shifts over so he can sit beside him. He doesn't make any further movements, so after another pause Sherlock huffs out a breath and leans down to rest his head on John's shoulder. A pale, long-fingered hand snakes its way to clutch at his sleeve. He fights the urge to hold and squeeze and own, and instead places his own hand over the detective's shoulder. "This is how, Sherlock," he says softly. "This is enough."
this stuff. John hated to think how far behind he'd be if he hadn't been in and out of the Potter household growing up.
Sherlock frowned further at her manner, but he nodded.
"There was a murder, I know you like those. The victim, a man named Milverton, we've been watching him for a while. A bit of a villain, between you and me – a blackmailer. He had a safe full of papers, you know, letters and photographs and stuff, and the murderers burned them all. They didn't take anything – we think the criminals might just have been looking for social justice, you know."
"You don't think she'd know about that kind of dominance?" Lestrade interrupted sceptically.
Sherlock looks at him for a bit longer, then he relaxes. "I know. And it's not your fault your blog's gone viral. It just… I didn't think all this attention would be like this. I don't mind if people don't like me after they meet me. It's when they think I'm a freak without ever actually meeting me that I start to get offended."
Donovan shifted in the doorway. "He recognised the person who handed it in?" she interpreted. Sherlock arched a cool eyebrow. "Who was it?"
John can see enough to know that the woman has taken off her hat and glasses, but not enough to see her face. He strains a little bit to see, but it doesn't work; as he leans back in, he bumps against Sherlock hard enough that the detective involuntarily presses a sloppy, open-mouthed kiss to John's neck. The yelp of shock and arousal catches itself only an inch before escaping his lips; it'd be unfortunate if, at this stage in the game, he gave it all away like
The detective smiled ruefully. "Well," he said, looking like he was winding himself up for some kind of detailed observation, but his eyes lit on the doorway and he stopped. "Billy," he said, surprised. John snapped his head around to the door; sure enough, the small boy Sherlock had been using as an informant was standing in the doorway, leaning unobtrusively against the frame as though he had been hoping not to be noticed. "How long have you been there?"
The undertaker's smile faltered for a split second, but he hitched it up surprisingly fast, holding Sherlock's gaze. The two of them stared each other down for a moment, John glancing from one to the other and trying not to think about the fact that the intense, challenging look on the detective's face was actually making his heart beat faster. Then Sherlock grunted and spun on his heel, John having enough experience of his friend's dramatism to follow him out of the tiny shop, for all the world as though he knew exactly what was going on.
Kirsty, the taller woman with the confident stride, smiled slightly. "Most of it is," she told him, only tilting her head back in order to direct her words towards him so that most of the sound was captured by the crowd and Sherlock could barely hear her. "But the English department wanted the library up a tower. The architects had a fit, but they insisted. Said if they were going to have an Old Earth library with all the classic old books they salvaged, they wanted a proper tower room with a spiral staircase and bay windows."
. I never expected to have that. I thought I'd spend my whole life by myself in some mouldy back-alley flat on the outskirts of London."
to leave." He wasn't sure who he was trying to reassure that he could get himself out, but all three of them seemed to relax slightly once he'd said it. Hannah gave him a tremulous smile.
"God, yes," John agreed, lifting himself enough to get his own hand around Sherlock's, tightening their grip and speeding up his thrusts, clearly beginning a race to climax. Sherlock bit his lip, but it didn't stop the noises spilling from his mouth, frantic gasps and whimpers because John felt
?" Sherlock clarified. "I suppose that could be a good thing." People usually didn't kill their hostages, so long as their demands were complied with. Of course, the Vashta Nerada weren't people, and he and the Doctor did not intend to comply with any demands they might give, but Sherlock was hopeful nonetheless.
Lestrade's polite smile didn't waver, despite Sherlock's derisive snort. "Of course. We simply had reason to believe an undertaker's nearby was linked to her disappearance and we have been asking some questions of a number of their clients who requested…
The Doctor smiled as though he had expected the question. "Mercury had no atmosphere, whereas Venus has a very dense atmosphere that actually traps the sun's heat close to the ground. Like closing the curtains to keep the warmth in at night."
." He sighed at the picture, crossing the stage with Ben following until he was knelt over the sleeping detective.
"We don't have to, Sherlock."
Sherlock seemed to realise what he had said and jumped almost out of his skin. "Oh, 'zounds, no," he said hastily, shifting uncomfortably. "I didn't mean explicit as in - I just - I meant actually saying things out loud instead of just thinking them between the lines," he corrected himself.
The Doctor grinned. "It's slightly psychic."
"Oh, you're Sherlock Holmes, aren't you? Bill's always telling me about John Watson's new flatmate who's a genius – would you two like to join us for dinner? We've got a bit of a group together – Jack Saunders will be there, John."
John grinned, and set to, trying his best to angle his hips to give Sherlock's wandering fingers the best access possible while his mouth was busy. When the pressure of their rocking hips was no longer enough to keep him upright John slipped his own hand between them to the incredible bulge in Sherlock's trousers, wrapping his fingers around it as best he could and pressing. Sherlock groaned louder than ever, biting down on John's lower lip as though that could keep the sounds in. John tightened his grip in retaliation, chuckling into the younger man as this resulted in Sherlock's hand tightening in his hair and the fingers withdrawing from his trousers, impatiently pulling at the ties instead in an unusually clumsy attempt to open them.
Ben placated, jumping off the tree stump as John rounded on him and putting the prop between them as if to shield himself. "
John watched in some amusement as the detective continued to bark out orders to the children, all of whom were staring at him with naked adoration. How had he ever thought Sherlock seemed unfeeling? He was practically given a house that cost more than John could ever dream of owning and he was still living in an inn out of a friend's pocket so that a group of homeless children could be safe.
"Good," Sherlock confirmed with an eager smile, immediately spinning onto the next thing. "Molly," he greeted, as though he hadn't noticed the boy looking adoringly up from beside him since he arrived. "You surpassed yourself tonight. Something I cannot say of your co-stars; something troubling Anderson, John?"
Bill frowned at him. "Okay," he said, in a tone of voice that quite plainly said the opposite. "It's your decision, John."
growing up, even more so, if he didn't have that knowledge. "So we shouldn't tell Lestrade either?" he asked, suddenly feeling rather exposed. He'd quite liked the Constable. Was it wrong to trust
Kirsty's body to the bone. We
Both children darted out from their hiding places and made a dash for them. Sherlock's shoulders slumped visibly. "What happened?" Billy asked, panting. "Was something wrong?"
John abruptly climbs off Sherlock and turns to face Mrs Hudson, the giggles fading in his chest. The landlady has flushed the colour of the blood on the bottom of the tray with the fingers in, but she's beaming.
"You're late," Will murmured as he walked past.
Sherlock nodded, though a spark in his pale eyes told John he had not given up on the matter. "Here are the pieces we have been notified of," he said, smoothing down the butler's pictures. "I was informed they were among those handed in by the child this morning. The other pieces are also likely to have been stolen, but I will attempt to get a description from the woman I suspect will know for certain."
Sherlock stood his ground, glancing at John out of the corner of his eye. "It's a
Julien dipped his head. "Very much so, Mr Grieg. Something else I think Sherlock and I have in common."
John raised an eyebrow. "The docks?" he indulged, knowing that Sherlock only hadn't provided the explanation because he seemed to like it when John acknowledged that he couldn't follow his incredible chains of reasoning.
who was so willing, even
John frowned. "What?"
Lestrade shifted slightly, unfolding his arms and leaning them against the table. "What did you think would happen when we found you?" he asked. "When
that. This is a way to do it that doesn't involve blowing anything up or contaminating food sources." Sherlock shakes his head, but John's on a roll, with all his frustrations suddenly finding eloquent ways out of his mouth and the certainty that Sherlock
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and opened his mouth to tell John to leave his hands alone, but John was already eyeing him critically and the next thing he knew John was slapping him again. Really it was quite remarkable that he could get that much power behind a slap from that angle, Sherlock couldn't help but think, before both of John's fists were pummeling his face and neck lightly. They were just the shadows of actual hits, not hard enough to leave bruises but still hard enough to hurt, hard enough to make holding on challenging. Impressive that she
The two men hesitated; behind them, John could see the remaining pall-bearers take another step and stop in confusion, craning their necks to see what had stopped them, and then Holy Peters and his bulky wife fold their arms in disapproving unison. "Master Holmes," Peters whined dismissively. "On what authority do you hold up my mother-in-law's funeral?"
"You… you think so?" John stuttered. He'd never liked the couples who blocked the hallways with their amorous activities, and he liked to take it slow with his girlfriends, keep it chaste in public. He and Sophia hadn't done more than hold hands and lean against each other; he knew she was surprised that he hadn't tried to kiss her yet.
The detective's grey eyes widen in surprise; John feels the now-familiar rush at having done something Sherlock didn't expect. "Bit of a change of heart, isn't it, John? Last time I turned up at the surgery while you were working you shouted at me."
" he barked. "You're not going down there alone. Someone needs to keep an eye on you."
surprising. But Sherlock would not be deterred, picking up the other man's hand and examining the sleeve of his shirt, still frowning mightily. "This is a new shirt, professionally cleaned and pressed. Where have you just come from, Mycroft?"
to role-play the scenario with him. What if John had
John grabbed his chin, forcefully redirecting his head so that they looked each other squarely in the eyes. "Wipe that smirk off your face," he said sharply.
"Holmes!" Sherlock jumped as Gibbon's voice barked through the room. He turned to look at the teacher, fixing his usual innocuous smile on his face. "I see your manners haven't improved over the summer. Am I to assume that you know everything already about the topics that you will be examined on this year?"
"All right, stop there for a moment," Will interjected. The boy dropped his scolding finger abruptly. "I know I said I wouldn't stop you, I'm sorry -"
John supposed that a lot of his reasons were similar. An Auror just seemed to have a far more
And he gathered his fairies from where they cowered at the edge of the stage, and swept away. John took a deep breath to attempt to compose himself before turning back to the audience.
he said pleasantly. He turned to Sherlock, still sat on the rock, and beamed until he thought his cheeks might crumble.
As it might be, perhaps, were I a woman,
"Yes," John agreed. "I understand. If something were to go wrong between us it has the potential to ruin the play he's worked so hard to put together. But I think seeing how we've worked together today, he won't say anything."
"Is there anything in the paper?" he asks hopefully.
"John moved in as my flatmate about sixteen months ago," I tell her, hoping that will be enough.
Sherlock pouted. Then he flopped into the chair beside John with a gargantuan sigh, clearly defeated. "No," he grumbled. "I only hoped that you would refrain this time."
job than a Healer, and if there was one thing he didn't want to be, it was bored. He lifted his teacup in a salute. "To the avoidance of ennui," he toasted.
"John!"
Sherlock rebutted quickly, "
John asked.
"So where does
He watched the slow, delighted smile spread over the Doctor's boyish face. Clearly he didn't often have to
He shrugged. "Lives may be at stake, John," he bluffed. It was possible John hadn't realised it yet, but it was so
He nodded briefly at the bigger boy, then turned and slipped through the doorway beside the sign declaring
Sherlock looked at the woman's feet; with a thrill, he noticed that the shadow from the nearest tree had advanced on her, as though stretching with the sunset, and was now lapping gently at her ankles. Kirsty, too, looked down and made a frightened squeaking noise. She stepped slowly and deliberately forwards; to Sherlock's horrified amazement, a shadow split off from the tree-shape in the form of her shapely calves.
The redhead grinned back. "I got him, Master Holmes," she affirmed. "His wife opened the door and all. Neither of them saw me."
It took John a moment to process the news, and a moment after that to force himself to take a step backwards and let the assassin go. "What?" he said dumbly; he crossed the room to look inside, Peters doubling over and panting instead of carrying on the fight.
There was a terrible part of him - the part that had survived on its own for the majority of his life - that thought that if a few cruel and abusive men had to die so that he and John could work something out, then so be it. The rest of him hated that part, but it was there nonetheless.
Sherlock smiled. "I'm a fairly quick learner."
John felt his stomach fall through his knees; Molly made a tiny squeaking noise. Sherlock glanced at him before turning to Billy for confirmation, looking shaken. "Coffins," he confirmed. "They were at the undertaker's?"
I just smiled at him. They've been too much for me since before we sat down, but John's enjoying himself, so I won't say anything until I actually can't breathe.
nursing bruised knuckles?"
John felt an odd kind of warmth bloom in his stomach as Sherlock shifted in his seat to face John properly, now looking at him with a slightly puzzled but very definitely interested expression. "No-one's ever said that to me before," he said, frowning.
John kissed him again. "Never."
Bill left him alone until breakfast the next morning. John had, as predicted, got very little sleep in between fervent recollections of the swimming-pool changing-room and irritatingly-persistent erections. What little sleep he did manage to drift off to was invaded by dreams of sharp cheekbones and impossible eyes, of Sherlock's hands on him, Sherlock on his knees in front of him,
The Great Detective, in true Sherlock fashion, looked his friend's new boyfriend up and down and then dismissed him with a casual remark of, "Gay," that didn't seem to be directed at anyone in particular.
so ordinary.
? So they're what, police?"
, that's distracting.
John fell to his knees, trying not to wince as it became evident that the pub floor was harder than the stage in the Globe.
The front door of the flat banged closed with a shouted
So. Next stop, epilogue.
The younger girl laughed lightly. "You all right?" she asked, her voice amused, coming closer. He chuckled darkly.
In the hallway to the stairs, John looks back. "I think I might go and stay with Lestrade for a night or two," he mentions. "Just so we can… sort out what we want from this. You know." He waits a few seconds for Sherlock to reply: he doesn't. John nods. "Okay. Well. When you're finished thinking, make sure you find yourself a bed, all right? You don't want to pass out again."
The younger boy shifted in his chair, peering at John over the edge of his teacup. John's heart picked up at the look; Sherlock was regarding him as though he was the most interesting thing in the entire universe. He'd been on the receiving end of that look before: he wondered if that was the moment he'd first realised that he might be in trouble with his feelings for his yearmate. "Why
He had large, solid hands; Sherlock shook the one he'd offered gingerly. "The Doctor," he repeated incredulously. "Doctor who?" he stared at the man for a moment: he wasn't being deliberately evasive, but he chuckled at the question like he heard it all the time. "Just
sex with you, but it's secondary - I have fewer barriers with you than I do with anyone else. I want it to be acknowledged that there are
John was just preparing to leave his flat the next morning when Sherlock Holmes knocked on his door.
He could go back. He had promised.
" he breathed, sounding surprised. "No, I don't have a number. I'd rather you didn't call anyone."
"He could, technically," Sherlock said unconcernedly. "But I suppose the one benefit of the informality of the Constabulary falls on the homeless. There are a few of them who run around arresting everyone they see just to show off the power, but most Constables are like Lestrade - they just want to do good for someone. They don't get paid enough to do things like throw homeless children out of abandoned houses."
," he repeated. "If I want to make a shadow go away, I cast light on it. Obviously that doesn't work, or they never would have existed in the oxyforest. Still, though - what about fire?"
She looked downcast. "Well, you see, Inspector," she said slowly, "the boys upstairs –"
They undressed each other's top halves clumsily, still rocking against each other far too lazily for John's body's liking. He wanted desperately to push the other boy down into the sofa and rut into him hard and fast – and yet, more than that, he wanted it to last. He wanted Sherlock to remember it, to not be able to think of anything or anyone
So I roll my eyes and try to thank him graciously. "Do you have
"I'll be sure to let him know," Lestrade commented dryly. "He knows we're still watching the house, surely he can't think taking him out of the house will help." Sherlock lifted a doubtful eyebrow but did not comment. "Is it the first rehearsal for the new play, then?" the man diverted brightly.
The newspaper article here is taken directly from
The Constable swallowed visibly, but he hurried around to the foot of the coffin beside John, and the three of them together heaved the corpse out of the box in a decidedly disrespectful manner. He couldn't help but feel guilty for this mistreatment: this woman could not have helped who her daughter and her husband had grown up to become.
Flattered, John leaned forwards and kissed him again. Sherlock used a more formal way of speaking than he did – came with the Cuxton uniform, John thought – but he'd managed to decipher the meaning in his words. It sounded like Sherlock was saying he'd never
After a moment he heard footsteps; the door swung open to reveal Grieg in an argyle jumper and a pair of jeans that looked as though they had been pulled on hurriedly in his haste to open the door, his blond hair rumpled and blue eyes foggy with sleep. Upon seeing the identity of his visitor, the young teacher's face fell yet further and he let go of the elbow he was holding onto in order to reposition his hands defensively by his sides.
"Mm. Can't fight the Senior staff, I suppose."
for me." Sherlock groaned as John dipped his head and nuzzled his nose over the bulge in his trousers. "People think that getting a blowjob makes
later, I received a letter from a member of her household. It said that Mary talked about me, and that the sender feared for her safety and didn't know whom else to turn to. It said that her husband was a horrid man and a drinker, and that he hurt her - you understand, Master Holmes, I couldn't just stand by when Mary Fraser was tied to such a man for the rest of her glorious life. So I met with her, in secret.
He watched as John's smile grew, facing away from him into the window. At least it was the truth. "Match made in heaven, then," the doctor muttered to the glass. Sherlock smiled at him. It certainly was, though he hadn't quite known it at the time.
"Lady Brackenstall," he said gravely, "I know that Eustace's death was not accidental."
The artist flapped a hand at her easily, but John noticed his hazel eyes flicker fondly to the vicinity of her waist as she left the room. He suppressed a smile. "We have a few questions about a pupil of yours, Mr Miracle," Lestrade said quickly, shooting a glance at Sherlock as though warning him to keep quiet. "Lady Margaret Brackenstall."
A stocky, harassed-looking man with short, greying hair and a pleasant face clattered down the hall, giving the two of them a cursory smile. "Let him in, please. I'd still like him to take a look, there might be something we missed." Donovan reluctantly stepped aside, allowing Sherlock to step over the threshold, John following close behind. "Oh," the man affected, smiling distractedly at John, "have we met? Constable Gregory Lestrade."
in a slightly more desperate, eerie tone and smiled to himself.
: in 1601 an attempted rebellion was led by Robert Devereux, the Earl of Essex (who was at the time one of the Queen's favourites). The Lord Chamberlain's Men were implicated because they were bribed to perform
John chuckled. Every time he contemplated this play it sounded like more fun. "So, provided we can actually get hold of these scripts tonight, if I just go to Angelo's in the early morning we could read over them together?" he confirmed with the detective.
But Sherlock isn't looking at him anymore – someone on the television has just been shot.
The detective didn't ask what he was talking about. "I knew you were about to, and I thought it would look better if we both did it. New in amity, and all that." John snorted. "That went surprisingly well," he remarked.
Donovan hung up the phone as her Inspector left the room. "He was a DCE with O2, two arrests for drunk and disorderly but nothing came of either of them. The divorce was finalised almost a month ago, so I'll get someone to tell the ex-wife when the sun comes up."
The John on the bed pushed himself up into one elbow, revealing the places where they were joined to the doorway. He'd seen his friend's genitals before, but never like this: his cock swollen with blood and anticipation, leaping into his hand when he affixed it around the two of them, coaxing a moan from both of the Johns in the room.
The bank was moderately busy for the end of the day, but its reputation preceded it, so Sherlock dismissed it; the group of people sitting by the door in full-body suits and tinted fishbowl helmets he gave a second glance. It was odd, given the heat of the day. Even the most eccentric of the Frankfurt nightlife usually abandoned the mock-armor in summer.
The boy pulled a stringed instrument seemingly from nowhere and strummed it experimentally; since they had rehearsed a dance previously, John raised a hand for Sherlock to take in a slow promenade as Kemp began to sing.
Sherlock makes an 'ah' motion with his mouth. "My fault?"
The immediately obvious way to explore this theory was to continue last night's role-play. John had proven to be particularly comfortable in the persona of the victim – Montgomery, Sherlock remembered from the file, somebody Montgomery – and if John's behaviour didn't elicit the same reactions in him, didn't seem as though they would make the murderer feel the same, then he would dismiss the theory and move on. Perhaps another theory would make itself apparent as they progressed.
Jack Saunders had also been in Afghanistan, and John's heart leaps at the chance to see them again. He looks hesitantly at Sherlock; dinner with a group of John's army friends must be right at the bottom of Sherlock's to-do list, right next to
"Yes," the jeweller confirmed, carefully sorting the pieces from his fabric without allowing either of them to see what else was in it. "Here they are. I will need your name, sir, in case anyone else asks for them."
"Can I help you two with something?" the quiet Irish boy lilted out. John looked around awkwardly – was it bad that he hadn't even considered the fact that Jim might prefer to be on his own?
escape but certainly discouraging it. And with John's hands and lips and tongue on him,
"Are you all right?" he asked his friend softly, stroking one hand up and down his back. "Are they… gone?"
John raised an eyebrow. "That's exactly what I expect," he retorted. "Will is
Bill smirked. "Have to remember to keep your eye on her, more like. Don't show her your back."
John nods. "Sounds like Sherlock." He sighs. "Thanks, Greg. Sorry to lump you with all of this."
The consulting detective pokes gingerly at the egg with his fork. "Out where? Why?"
he instructed firmly, slinging his arm around the detective's upper arms.
The Doctor frowned. "Not if it's some kind of national treasure and I'm going to get hauled in front of the Shadow Proclamation for blowing it up."
"Brother," Sherlock acknowledged sharply.
Amy Lancaster didn't seem to be listening, merely staring angrily at Sherlock. "Who's he? I saw that look you gave him when he walked in. Is he allowed to be here?"
"His heart gave out. He was considerably older than her, his physician declared that he died of natural causes," Sherlock spouted, looking incredulously at the two of them. "And if Lady Carfax's
helpless with breathless lust. In the killer, perhaps, the reaction had been more like shock, at the man for dominating her so thoroughly and at her own body for reacting to it the way it must have done. And it was not such a huge step for such shock to turn into anger, and anger into a hatred that would have fermented through the night like Chinese black tea until it was overwhelming. It was, then, not such a huge leap of reasoning that if her intentions towards him had been less than pleasant to start with then her anger could easily have caused her to leap on him the instant he released her hands.
John felt his stomach sink. He had hoped that the maid's letters were mistaken somehow, that Lady Carfax had written that she was leaving with them and then changed her mind and not gone. Sherlock nodded factually. "Did you happen to hear a description of him specific enough to detail the state of his left ear?" he asked, a sickly sweet tone to his smooth voice.
He smiled nonchalantly at the officer - he knew technically he shouldn't have said that himself, but Lestrade didn't even know the woman's name. "You do not have to say anything," the DI interrupted her gruffly, catching her flailing hands and drawing them together behind her back, "however, it may harm your defence if you do not mention when questioned anything you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence."
Julien's mind whirred. There had to be some way he could turn this situation to his advantage; the Doctor could not even
Powers clenched his fists and took a threatening step towards the two boys. Bill faked a yawn. "I reckon it's
He couldn't help but look back at the shy, hesitant tone to the boy's voice; Sherlock caught his eye for the briefest of moments before beaming at his next co-star. "I would like that," the detective replied. "Do you have an apprenticeship outside of the theatre? Tell me the times where you are available."
confirm all of Oberon's suspicions of her affairs.
He frowns at it. "No, it's not," he argues. "It's a biomed textbook, I remember using it in med school."
Privately, John thought that Sherlock was more irritated by not being able to immediately know who the other man was than by the worry for the missing ladies. It did seem a bit pointless to him that this man – who definitely knew of both women – had come here with a rather transparent cover-story and no apparent reason behind revealing himself to Sherlock. He wished that he had any kind of skill at sketching, so as to capture what the man looked like.
"Except Carl," Jim noted, quickly busying himself with his hand in his messenger-bag. John stared. "But it's justified if
He forced a smile, the claustrophobia constricting his chest until he was sure he must be deathly pale – how did he not
Sherlock grinned. "Yes - there are many elements I am eager to see Master Shakespeare's vision for. The only element I have focussed on so far in our own rehearsals has been the love triangle between Viola, Olivia and Orsino. The final scene in particular where all characters unite should be interesting to workshop."
he's offering."
"Oh, I could suggest plenty of things," the other boy smirked. Sherlock frowned; was de Richelieu
Sherlock finally looked up at him. "It's in the bedroom," he said, noticing the tiny flush that always made itself known on John's face when he said
The DI grunted in sympathy. "He was into being tied up, though," he mused, pointing at the ends of the bondage tape. "You'd think he'd choose his partners more wisely."
, you and me, this is special." I force my mouth closed after a beat because he's still staring at me, his own eyes suddenly brimming with tears, and the look on his face is definitely pity and I'm starting to doubt myself. "I-isn't it?" I ask uncertainly. I mean, it's special to me, and I'd never seen anything like it in people I know so I've always assumed that it doesn't happen often. Was I wrong?
For a moment it seemed like that would be the end: the man grumbled a little and turned back to his friends, and John turned back to Ben and Sherlock with a slight smile on his face that the two of them returned. "So, John, Molly," the taller man began, "if we can wrangle these
"This cue-script has absolutely
"I can be genuinely friendly," Sherlock maintained.
start it, isn't it?"
he almost shouted incredulously. John looked around the hall apologetically as people started to look away from their dinner to watch them and made several frantic hushing noises. Bill, however, was not to be dissuaded from his righteous indignation, though he did lower his voice. "You skipped class because you suspected a fifteen year-old – your
Desperately, Sherlock scrambled after him.
have a weakness. Nothing is invulnerable."
"It's been very interesting, writing for you and Sherlock knowing the way you work together," Will said, days later as the two of them reclined over lunch and the first draft of the final acts of
"So what's your alternative, then?" Lestrade said briskly.
Sherlock snorted. "I'd say you have John and Molly for life," he said wryly. Will looked at him, his grin wavering, but Sherlock only smiled. "And I'll do this for as long as you need me," he confirmed. The playwright breathed out heavily and hugged him again; Sherlock accepted the hug, giving John an uncomfortable look.
Bill clapped him on the back. "You really got him. You did that thing again, didn't you, that thing where you know things other people don't by looking at weird stuff? You really freaked him out, well done."
Sighing, Sherlock tipped the computer off his lap and stared resignedly at the growing damp patch on the surface of his trousers. He would have to change them before he went back into the living-room.
"Right, good. Well, we were just straightening things out a little when we found… this piece of carpet over here isn't fixed down to anything."
The French student smiled. "Exactly," he replied. "I do not go for what is easy. But you struck me as one who would not be…" he paused as though to consider the words, a smirk playing with the corners of his thin lips. "
That's when John collapses.
"…but why didn't the
He knew the man would have trouble carrying the unconscious thief back to Westminster on his own, so he nodded slightly grudging acceptance. "So are you with the Constable, then?" he asked as the man bent and recovered a small cloth parcel from the unconscious thief's hands and stowed it in his coat pocket. He wasn't sure whether Constables, who were usually employed by the unpaid Justices of the Peace, were permitted assistants of their own. "Or just a citizen helping out and claiming the reward?"
them."
The Irish boy continued, turning away again. "Actually I don't know anyone here."
The detective's grey-green eyes fixed on his face for a moment. Then he smiled softly. "You were in love with him," he deduced, lowering his voice to keep the secret from the people still pressing in on them.
Sherlock's knuckles whitened on the lip of the coffin; John grimaced up at him, watching his upper lip curl in frustration. "I am so sorry, Reverend Slessinger," the detective forced out, barely managing to look contrite as he turned to his accidental victim. Peters' smile widened. "We won't disturb you again. John," he summoned, the picture of defeat. John gave one last lingering look at the woman in the coffin, trying desperately to find something,
Someone sprinted past him, shoving him roughly against the wall as they barrelled past. John shouted something after him, turning around to see if he was being chased; the youth was bent almost double as he ran and seemed to be clutching something to his chest. A thief, then. As he turned, a tall figure swathed in a dark coat and looking shadowy and sinister burst out of an alley in hot pursuit.
The Doctor scowled. "Of course it's supposed to make that noise." He paused for a moment as though unsure; Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "No, it's not supposed to. I just like it when it does. Are you going to criticise the way I fly my ship all day, or are we going to go outside and see where we've landed?"
John tries to swallow, but suddenly finds it just as hard as the detective seems to be finding the next few words he wants to say. "I… I know I don't show it, John, but I do care for you."
"Let's think back, shall we?" Bill voiced as they eased themselves into the seats.
Sherlock tipped his head back and moaned until John's hand reached back up to his face, his pace increasing slightly, the hand that was still at his hips tightening until Sherlock began to feel he would have a mark the shape of the dome in his trousers for hours after they finished. The tiny bites of pain from the friction and the pressure blended with the pleasure building in waves until he could barely tell them apart, until the moans still spilling from his lips were entirely involuntary.
Sherlock shook his head. "It was my fault," he deferred. "I shouldn't have gone so deep without knowing what it would be like." Julien chuckled lightly and accepted the waterbottle when Sherlock held it out to him.
His shoulder didn't hurt anymore, which he supposed would be something of a bonus if the
John started, glancing back at the man in the doorway in shock. This Mycroft had just come from
It was a tradition of Mr Gibbon's that the person you shared a bench with on the first class of the year became your lab partner for the entire course. Sherlock always arrived late so that he could pretend it wasn't his choice to be lumped with the student who had barely made it into the course and couldn't really care less. In reality, he liked it that way; it meant he could do everything himself and not bother waiting around for someone else to keep up.
Giggling, she shoved at his chest. "All right. Off you go, go and find a seat."
You'll nothing, madam, to my lord by me?"
"His name was Vincent Stephens," Lestrade said wearily when they reached the penthouse apartment. "Inherited the family business last year, seemed to have been doing pretty well running it. His cleaner found him right before I called you, we reckon he'd been dead for about an hour then but we'll get a better estimate when we send the body to the coroner. Otherwise… have at it."
Sherlock looked up, affecting surprise. "Did I?" he asked absent-mindedly. He knew that he had, of course. The coffee-table hadn't fit all of the case file, and he couldn't see it properly with the sofa in the way. John tilted his head as if to say
is he, to have that kind of attitude?" John asked.
I will be there directly. Could you direct Mr Leslie to the parlour, please?
kind of been babying him."
"I said, you haven't called Sarah in a while." John just looks at him; his relationship with Sarah had ended months ago. "Not Sarah, sorry. The other one. Hannah. Rebecca. No – Janette."
The Constable spluttered slightly. "What makes you think I'll see him again?" he asked.
Now he was staring at a tall, pompous-looking boy with lush dark curls tumbling around high, aristocratic cheekbones, trying not to laugh at the contrast between
Sherlock frowned briefly. "I don't think she is," he admitted, "but I'm sure if we make enough noise she soon will be." John looked as though he wanted to look disapproving, but amusement won out and he laughed lightly. Sherlock grinned into another kiss. He
was bouncing around his own brain in Sherlock's deep, sensual baritone.
You're servant to the Count Orsino, youth."
taste exactly, but he probably wouldn't have swallowed it if he'd been given a choice. He turned to fish in his schoolbag for his waterbottle; it definitely wasn't a taste he wanted in his mouth long-term.
The silence is
female part?"
"As a picnic basket," John agreed. "I went to school with the bloke. But he's obviously fighting it, so it was extremely rude of you to point it out when his girlfriend was in the same room, not to mention crushing poor Molly's dreams." Sherlock merely rolled his eyes, pushing the microscope aside and picking up his phone instead. "The Jim I knew at school wouldn't have tried to fight or hide being gay, though," John mused. "It's sad, isn't it, what the world can do to people. I always thought that if people would stop bullying Jim he could be an amazing person."
"You're quite rude to Lestrade," he commented once he had caught up to his friend at the lip of the bridge.
Sherlock stood at the foot of her bed, hands behind his back, ramrod-straight.
"How altruistic of you," Sherlock commented dryly. "All right, text me the address and we'll leave in twenty minutes."
"Sher -
Attend your ladyship!
Sherlock was still frowning, incredulously, like he was extremely doubtful that Orsino's plan was sensible. "
"Thank you," John replied, meaning it. Even his closest friends - his own
Sherlock narrowed his eyes again. "Are you sure? We'll be stuck with each other all year. I'm… a demanding laboratory partner."
like that. Don't be ridiculous."
As much as he had enjoyed the play when it was only himself and Sherlock, being a part of the
"Oh, right," John said, nodding. "Okay. Let me get my tea."
"Yes," Lestrade agreed, smiling oddly. "And - the Lord Chamberlain's Men, is that William Shakespeare?"
Grieg's large hands clenched into fists. He took a deep breath. "Are you going to…"
Sherlock gave him a bitter smile. "I think maybe your version of my timeline is a bit different to mine," he said dryly. "Moriarty spread rumours through the press and the police that I was a fraud. That I created crimes and then hired myself to solve them, and that's why I looked so clever. Then he cornered me on the roof of St Bart's hospital and forced me to jump off, or he was going to kill John – Doctor Watson. And Inspector Lestrade from Scotland Yard. And my landlady. I couldn't let that happen, so I jumped. I was lucky he hadn't considered Molly – a pathologist at Bart's. She patched me up and hid me until I recovered enough to leave. And I've been tracking down Moriarty's operatives ever since."
John watched her for a moment. It was against everything he'd ever believed to let a younger crew member risk her life for a chance at diagnosing someone else - but this was
Sleeping was actually quite nice, he mused as he rooted around for take-out cups in the cupboard. It certainly slowed down his reactions for a few minutes as he woke up and an hour or so as he settled down to it, but he felt relentlessly, irritatingly good this morning. No wonder John had been so cheerful the morning before.
, good God she's got her mouth open and rage is flooding blood to John's muscles like an adrenaline shot, and he wants to run down the street and rip them apart and put
Sherlock hesitated for a moment, looking awkward, before he nodded. John took a deep breath. "Thank you," he said. "I need to apologise for my behavior this morning. It shouldn't have thrown me that you were meeting Molly. You told me before anything happened between us - I
should mean nothing to John. "Um," he said after a moment.
Jim smirked, turning to share the expression with John as Bill choked on a bean-sprout, whipping his head around at the sound of Hannah's voice. "Um, nothing, darling. It wasn't… I was just…" The blonde visibly tried to hide a smug little smile as Bill stuttered, looking at John for assistance. "It was more a figure of speech than anything, I…"
erotic, more desperate, than if they had opened their mouths and tangled their tongues together. Not that the thought of tangling their tongues together didn't create its own problems.
"My nephew," she replies, smiling fondly at them. "He gives us a new one every Christmas, bless him. Soon we'll run out of room. Do you take milk, Mr Holmes?"
"John -" Sherlock gasped, one hand flying down to grasp the back of John's head so tightly John could feel the strength in each long finger.
"I know what you're looking at," she said softly, "and I'd rather not talk about it. It's not a problem anymore."
He smiled, the lump closing up his throat and making his eyes threaten to sting. He'd known that Will had hated him for leaving at the time, and couldn't help but take it personally when he had returned and found his old lover married. They'd moved past those issues years ago, but John had always wondered whether his friend still harboured that secret grudge. "I love you, Will," he assured him fondly, knowing that the playwright would take it in the fond but platonic way it was meant. He knew he was incredibly lucky to have kept the man so close.
I try to snort – his words were ostensibly hurtful, but they were said without venom – but the dignity of the action is obliterated by the glob of mucus that shoots out of my nose mid-snort. John grimaces with that look that says he's amused and attempting not to show it. "That's disgusting," he says critically, while I try to laugh and delicately wipe it away without getting anything on my sleeve. John laughs too. "Come on," he says, heaving himself to his feet. "Let's get you a tissue."
Sherlock smiled at John's practicality in the face of sex, but he still scrambled off the bed after him and opened the door a crack, peering out of it just in case Mrs Hudson had come up after all - somehow he didn't think she'd appreciate the two of them walking out in the altogether and clearly aroused in front of her - but the living room was empty, so they crept quietly out to the bathroom and John turned on the taps, straightening with an anticipatory smile.
"You're sitting on me," he states. Sherlock raises the eyebrow that has written on it,
had become a far more famous name than he would like. At least it seemed to be that ridiculous hat people recognised, rather than his face; he'd often wished that he had
It seemed to signify the end of the conversation, but John wasn't going to let it go so easily. Jim wasn't like the last few people John had rescued from the arms of Carl Powers, and instead of just introducing him to some like-minded students and leaving it at that he wanted to get to know him a bit better. He wasn't sure he
"I'm certain that Peters is posing as Raymond Slessinger," Sherlock agreed, "but he's a mercenary. No matter what I said to Mycroft, he wouldn't kidnap two women just to get back at someone who fired him. He must be being paid by someone. And this latest discovery almost
Sherlock considered this. He'd managed fine without a 'friend' for most of his life – certainly through all of his time at Cuxton. He could still feel the French boy's eyes running appraisingly over his face and there was a slight air of one walking up and down in front of a line of racehorses, judging each one. From what he'd seen of de Richelieu so far, they seemed quite similar. Perhaps it would be best if they stuck together; without Sherlock's ability to parry physical blows with verbal threats, the other boy would become a target for the big and stupid boys, especially if they found out he was homosexual.
"A little bit. But that's not the point."
"Sorry," John apologised, cursing himself for seeming so desperate. "I didn't mean to -"
Once John had left the flat, Sherlock threw himself down on the sofa and steepled his hands beneath his chin. The
John snorted. "Not
John grinned back: he knew Will enjoyed the metaphor of playing Quince himself, the director of the mechanicals' crude
in the night?"
was how it would be, this was
Don't
He drained the whiskey and thanked the pair again; John fidgeted uncomfortably when Sherlock's parting handshake with Tom lasted slightly longer than necessary.
he begged, shrinking away as John advanced on him.
Lestrade folded his arms and leaned against the closed door. "Just think," he commented, his voice light but an extremely pointed tone to his body language. "This entire case could have been prevented if two people had just
The curly-haired violinist rolls his eyes. "It's open, come on up!" he yells downstairs instead. John chuckles at his laziness.
"You think it was murder?" The policeman sounded wholly incredulous. "
The detective nodded sharply, reaching for the portrait; John caught a flash of pale skin and blonde hair as it changed hands. Sherlock's careless glance down at the frame turned into a prominent double-take.
I can put up with it when other people treat me like a trick pony at a circus, because they do it all the time. But John's never done it before, and it smarted a little bit.
He'd considered that the young actor might want him before, in the few moments when he'd allowed himself to contemplate his own attraction before locking it in the back of his mind. He couldn't let himself think that it would make a difference; Ben was fourteen, he couldn't know what he wanted. Even with the boy's verbal consent, it
on the floor!"
"That I want," he admitted.
Sherlock was expecting it this time, and yet it still caught him slightly by surprise. John's body boxed his in against the table, his legs on either side of Sherlock's, his arms on the table beside his waist, his lips pressing commandingly against Sherlock's. He shuddered and gasped at the feel of it, John's strong chest warm against him, the tiny rasp of stubble against his chin, and his mouth opened slightly of its own accord. John's lips curled into a slight smile against his, a smug little noise bubbling up in his throat, and he tilted his head slightly to fit their mouths together easier.
John chuckled again. "I'm the CEO of a property management company - don't look so impressed, I inherited it from my father. Basically I sign papers all day."
John placed a possessive arm over Ben's shoulders once more, burrowing the boy into his chest. There was a fine edge, he'd always thought, between Oberon's delight at finally having this child and his disappointment that Titania had simply given him up. He gave the rest of his speech while gently stroking Sherlock's eyelids, removing his love-spell and perhaps lingering a little longer than necessary to continue touching him.
The taller boy blinked and hurriedly wiped his mouth with the back of his hand; finding it dry, he glared at John, who chuckled. "Well you may laugh, John," he said stiffly, "but one day you'll find someone who captivates you as much as Hannah consumes
that had been mentioned when they first met didn't come up again.
being shot. The last thing he remembered was being out there, in a van bouncing along a dirt track, holding on to the handle on the door to avoid being thrown out the window, smiling at the kid sitting opposite him - the kid who had only been there for two weeks, the kid who had got up at five every morning to check the post to see if there had been a letter from his mother - and then there was a rattling sound and everyone in the van was jumping back, pressing against the sides of the van and trying to stay away from the windows, but the boy opposite John had collapsed onto the van floor, clutching his leg and screaming, and there was blood and it was awful and he couldn't help it.
To back up his resounding
right. Get on the bed," he ordered, tapping Sherlock's shoulder gently.
not ten feet from where he stood and he couldn't do anything but watch. When he did open his eyes, it was to the sight of himself crawling back into Sherlock's arms, pressing their smiles together as the Vulcan's hand slid down his stomach -
him. Rather effectively, as it turned out."
A deep groan rocked through him. "John," he moaned. "John…"
The woman looked as though she was about to argue, but when she opened her mouth there was a man's sharp call of her surname from the hall behind her before she could begin to speak. She held her tongue with an expression that suggested the effort caused her physical pain and turned to look at the man who had spoken.
Sherlock shook his head, feeling his stomach sink. "I'm not going back to Baker Street."
"Maybe," John agrees. "I suggested that the morning after we… you know. But he said he didn't want me to go." He almost smiles at the memory, Sherlock clutching his back and so quickly shooting down the suggestion that he leave for a while. "I'll bring it up again. But I'll stay there tonight. Have to make sure he eats properly after yesterday."
doing anything.
any shadows," Sherlock protested. "The light in here is coming from all directions, there's nowhere for a shadow to fall."
"What do they call it, then?" John asked. He was a little surprised that nobody had ever complimented the boy before, but his completely flattered surprise was amusing to watch.
, Sherlock was more focussed on watching John and falling into a doze – Sherlock's phone buzzed with a text.
was. Was he inside Sherlock's mind, now? Was this
He glanced at Lestrade. "I'd better - I mean, we'd better follow him, I guess," he said awkwardly, already starting back towards the house.
I'm not sure if it's the hunger, the exhaustion, or the relief, but I pass out.
Whatever the reason, Sherlock was certainly portraying that sense of anger at his current circumstances; he spat his only line in the scene with a careful mix of seething anger and schooled pleasantry. John coaxed his face out of a grin. If Sherlock was going to play that game, John would play it too.
, can I?" He sniffs for a bit. "You always make everything so difficult."
this – he could touch, he could splay his fingers over John's stomach and feel the muscles tense and ripple, draw his hands up until his fingers – shorter than usual, tanned, with callouses over the palms from holding a broomstick – brushed against the swell of his pectorals and danced over his nipples. John's nipples weren't as sensitive as Sherlock's, but simply the touching of them still sent sparks spinning through his body to his groin.
"Yes," he replied instead. "What can I do?"
make John uncomfortable. And perhaps it was only the violent nature of the kiss, but he had definitely been panting a little when they parted. What if John wanted him but was afraid that Sherlock would turn him down? He hadn't exactly made an effort to show his friend his sensual side before now; in fact, he had been careful to hide it, hoping that the supposedly heterosexual doctor wouldn't notice how many of Sherlock's sexual impulses were directed at him. And he'd been so preoccupied with that that he hadn't thought to examine John's reactions to
"Excuse me," a deep, honeyed voice interrupted. John looked up to see a tanned blond in army uniform leaning comfortably against the back of the seat in front of him. "This seat's free, isn't it? 15C?"
At his table, Will looked up at John once more to find the two of them staring at him and grinned. John tried not to look sheepish. "I always suspected there was a male lover in Shakespeare's past," the detective told him, sounding like he wanted to be smug about the discovery but a part of him was refusing to play along. John looked at him, surprised at the undertone of the words; Sherlock was still looking at John, a tiny frown buried between his eyebrows even as his lips smiled. "There are so many homoerotic subtexts to his close male friendships, particularly in his early work. That's another reason I've always enjoyed it."
"Yes, sir," he protested loudly. "It was
Lestrade sighed. "Can we
John sighed, running his hand down his face, but he swung his legs out of bed nonetheless. "What, like the one on Tuesday? The femme fatale?"
"Not in my cab, you don't," he growled. Sherlock glanced at John, but had to look away quickly; John's cheeks were tinged pink and his eyes were dark, his lips still wet with Sherlock's saliva, and the sight of him immediately rerouted all of Sherlock's blood between his legs. He was getting an erection in the back of a taxi. Something else that he'd never imagined would happen to him before John, who was shifting in his seat as though he was in a similar predicament.
"Must be the truth," the Doctor finished, nodding excitedly as though he was expecting that exact phrase.
"He succeeded, that time," I correct, remembering it automatically. His lips had been softer than I would have expected for someone who doesn't take care of them. "I wasn't expecting it and he just kissed me. So I told him I wasn't interested and we came back here and he… he wouldn't listen to me. He just kept telling me that he could tell I wanted him to, and he backed me into a corner."
The man pushed off the counter, his face momentarily turning gloomy. "Oh, of course. It's what, 2015? Nobody knows who Sherlock Holmes is anymore, do they."
John's entire demeanour changed. He stood up straighter, no longer resting the majority of his weight against the bar. "Evening," he replied, a tiny note of pleased surprise in his voice, which had dropped half an octave to reflect Sherlock's own. There was a tiny comfortable pause, and then John said – in the same hypnotic tone of voice – "Do we know what they said to each other?"
, eventually, but Sherlock was draining his mug of ale dramatically - with his head tipped back and his throat working visibly, distracting John for a moment - and almost slamming it down on the bar. "Come on, John," he said briskly, striding into the foot or so of space between them and Will's group of audience.
Sherlock smiled. "I don't know yet."
he pronounced ringingly,
The detective raised an eyebrow and for a moment John thought he was going to argue further, but he only shrugged and dropped it again. "Whatever makes you happy, Mycroft."
Julien smiled diplomatically and rose from his chair. "Wonderful," he said politely. "If you would step this way, I will prepare the journal for you – obviously I cannot allow you to simply take it from the case if Sherlock hopes to find the original DNA."
, he reminded himself – onto his skin.
So John did; he bent his head once more to gently nose Sherlock's testicles out of the way and lick a thick stripe up the seam to the head of his cock, flicking his tongue against the slit and tasting the fluid that had begun to gather there. Despite everything they had done earlier in the day, Sherlock still tasted clean and masculine, overpowering until John could only breathe him in deeply and enjoy the warmth and familiarity. Sherlock's fingers began to move in his hair, massaging his scalp in the rhythm that John's lips and tongue had adopted so that they moved in tandem, each driving the other higher. John slid his legs out from underneath him until his crotch brushed against the bottom of the bed, his own arousal finding some limited purchase against the sheets even as he smiled around Sherlock's.
John's face had surpassed red and gone for purple. "
And when Sherlock nodded he turned around and marched out of the kitchen, and the sound of his footsteps on the stairs followed almost immediately. Sherlock didn't trust himself to move away from where he was still leaning against the bench, the pressure of John's lips and nose and chin lingering against his own. He reached up a helpless hand to his lips and wondered whether he hadn't made a mistake beginning this.
John groans. "Oh, he's going to be
John frowned at him. "Oh, well then," he said sarcastically. "For a moment there I thought it sounded
Lestrade shifted uncomfortably. "The inkeeper said he was tall," he said hesitantly. "Long-ish dark hair, dark eyes, a tan - she said he was Scottish."
turn on her as Sherlock was doing to him. He was even more surprised to feel tears tighten his throat when the detective shuddered slightly and flapped a dismissive hand at him, as though shooing him out of the room. "
"Is that why you don't drink now?" Sherlock asked. He had often wondered, but never wanted to ask when John came back from a night at the pub with army friends or Lestrade never more than a little tipsy.
The detective paused for a moment, looking John up and down as though sizing him up, then gave a tiny private smile.
Inevitably, though, John let out a tiny noise of frustration and picked up the shoes. Sherlock practically led him through a series of embarrassingly simple deductions –
Sherlock's expression had cycled from confusion to concern, his frown intensifying. He looked up at his brother and raised an interested eyebrow.
John had stood on the bridge and looked at the little lump of rock through the view screen just like everyone else, and he'd given a little sigh of boredom to himself. So many romantic tales of adventure and derring-do had drifted back to Earth from the logs of the
No-one that John had run into so far had noticed him, he realised; opening that door would definitely have caused even someone far less observant than Sherlock to look up. Perhaps these memory-versions of Sherlock were somehow
don't want other people to touch it."
"Of course," the jeweller said, nodding importantly. "It will be given the utmost protection until Her Majesty's emissary retrieves it for her. Jesu knows how it came to be in the hands of the boy who tried to sell it to me."
Lestrade heaves a sigh, looking over Sherlock's shoulder to Donovan, standing with her arms crossed and a furious expression on her face. He shrugs. "You know he's right," he says resignedly. "We may as well just let him go." Donovan has opened her mouth to reply – no doubt something cutting and useless that John, at least, isn't at all in the mood to hear – when an obnoxiously cheerful ringtone interrupts her.
Sherlock pressed their lips together in a sweet kiss, just a shift of lips on lips until John pressed timidly forward with his tongue and Sherlock just as timidly received it, his hands taking root in John's jacket and holding there until the cabby thumped on the partition to separate them. The younger man panted out a laugh into John's ear. "I've wanted to do that for months," he confessed.
"He's a good kid," he insisted. "He's just clearly in the wrong profession, and he knows it. I've never seen him like this."
he said belligerently nonetheless.
he's so upset, instead of pretending so badly that he isn't?
to be in love with these boys whilst actually enjoying their company that he started to develop real feelings for them. He had always pushed them aside before they became problematic, though. Most of the people he'd found himself attracted to had been
Surprised that he actually cares, John takes pity on him. "Only another ten minutes or so," he replies. Their corner of the room is quiet; the gathering seems to be winding down as the British Government grinds back into operation. John looks around to see Sherlock pressing his index and middle fingers against his temple, eyes closed. He grimaces. "You okay?"
Small, dark hands closed around his shoulders and Hannah's face swam into his vision. Sherlock shrank away from her. "
The corner of de Richelieu's mouth quirked upwards quickly and his browned hand slid closer to Sherlock's on the bench, a teasing gleam in his green eyes. "What are
He stepped out as Sherlock completed his theatrical yawn and settled to sleep on the stage. There was a tree-stump prop balanced beside him, which John perched himself on to stare at his character's one-time lover.
He steps away and turns back to the door, blinking away his disappointment, and because of this, he misses the little sway in his direction that Sherlock makes, as though he's unsteady on his feet without John there to balance him. "Well, I'll be back around two if nothing happens, so text me if you're out and about on a case and you want me." He falters as his brain highlights the innuendo. "There. If you want me there. To help with the case. I'll see you later."
Sherlock nods as though this was exactly what he was expecting. "How much does your wife know about this?"
Charlotte looked wistfully at the photograph. "Yes," she admitted. "I dated him for about a month. He broke it off a week before he died."
A bus pulled into the stop; he shook his head at the driver and it took off again, screeching tiredly. Sherlock stood up. He'd told himself, tided himself over to finish the job that needed to be done by telling himself that when it was over he could go back. And yet… Mycroft sent him photos yesterday. John had been laughing in the park with Lestrade and his daughter, sitting at a candlelit table with a bubbly-looking redhead, chatting happily with Sarah in the waiting room of the clinic. He'd known it would happen eventually, and yet facing up to it would never get any easier: John had moved on.
He waited until he had finished his tea before sidling up to his friend, shyly keeping his eyes lowered until they were close enough to touch. "Want to buy me another?" he asked, tilting his mug in John's direction so that the doctor could see that it was empty and smiling disarmingly.
It was already late; Sherlock wondered whether it was worth initiating any kind of role-play before John would want to go to bed. He had been rostered onto the early shift at the surgery again tomorrow. Sherlock supposed it would be easier for him to think without John around.
. I don't think I could spend most of the day being so intimate with anyone and not be able to escape from them in my own home."
I'd say you have no idea how badly I want to write real porn for this story, but you probably do. Best get onto that, then.
"If Hamlet's motivation really was lust for Gertrude, then Gertrude wouldn't have completely faded from the play after their bedroom scene," Sherlock interrupted violently. "If characters were people and had legitimate motivations, her story would have been more important. We don't get told how Gertrude feels about the Mousetrap or Hamlet and Laertes fighting because it doesn't
"Hopefully before it's too late," Lestrade agreed.
I've tried to make it so that nobody needs to read
illegal. A secretary or note-taker, most likely in the government, so he probably informs to someone. The Russians, going by his cologne."
"Oh, look," he said menacingly. "It's Sherlock Holmes."
"What? What do you mean, 'the classics'?" Sherlock rounded on the man in irritation. "I
"The woman is worried for her mistress - and probably her friend," John rebuked softly. "She's trying to help, you don't need to treat her like she's stupid."
John breathed, wondering whether Orsino would be able to feel the bandages from where Viola would have bound her breasts flat to confirm the story.
"How did it
He stepped forwards at the last few lines to grab Sherlock's arm seemingly out of nowhere and pull the younger man closer and share a secret smile. Sherlock leant into his side as though he had been waiting for the touch for hours.
John smiled. "I did, yeah," he replied easily. "Probably shouldn't have, some of the things that he said, but I did." He let out a breath and windmilled his arms in a show of warming up. "I'm a bit nervous myself," he admitted. "I mean… he is effectively
, John, I want to try."
Sherlock's eyebrows flickered amusedly. "I'm not certain Anderson brought
The thing was, pretending was so much easier, and so much less risky. If he told John how he felt there was a possibility - a small one, but a possibility nonetheless - that John would turn him down and he'd never get to touch him again. He had an excuse to have John one more time before he had to put himself on the line, as it were, and wouldn't he be stupid not to take it?
he commanded.
punch-bag. This level of neatness usually suggests that you're intimidated by someone in your family and didn't want to give them reason to get angry as a child – father seems more likely. The pattern of the bruising is of a fist – women don't punch, they slap. There isn't much feminine influence in any of your appearance, so I'd say your mother isn't around much, which is probably the reason your father takes it out on you. You've come to London from the Seychelles on your own – you would've made a grander entrance if your father had been around – so you were running away from him."
Bill Murray seemed to consider his best friend for a moment, drumming his fingers impatiently on the Formica table. "Porridge," he concluded finally. "With extra sugar. And coffee."
Vienna Holmes sat up against the headboard of her massive bed while Margaret plumped her pillows and spooned runny honey over her toast. "What do you want, boy?"
"How did I do?" he asked, wondering if it was a stupid question.
One corner of John's smile twitched higher. Sherlock was enigmatically calm on the surface, but the excitement practically vibrating beneath his skin was delightfully obvious. "All right," he replied. "I was just about to go for a walk - I'm sorry, this flat isn't really big enough to entertain. Can we walk and talk?"
Sherlock uncrossed his legs unobtrusively. "
taking advantage, and John refused to be the kind of man who did that.
"Really. Sit down, John, I have what I believe people term 'big news'."
instead of
"Shut up," Sherlock said vehemently, making John jump. "Shut up, John, you're distracting me. We don't have any proof that Mycroft is involved, it's dangerous to make me pursue that train of thought too much."
Instead, he made an involuntary noise and thrust his hips helplessly into Julien's hand. It was a completely different feeling with only his pants between his skin and the French boy's careful fingers; Julien's hand was colder than his groin, but by this point he was having trouble imagining
John looked up, surprised; sure enough, Jim was carrying a tray with the barest blob of curry and rice on his plate and hovering at Bradley's elbow awkwardly. He smiled at John. "Of course – guys, this is Jim. Jim, this is Bradley and Matt." They both waved him lazy hellos and hardly paid him any further notice as he sat down. John grinned at him. "How was your afternoon?" he asked.
Sherlock nodded, looking at John. "So are we," he said quickly, hanging up without waiting for a response. "It was Charlotte's flatmate," he explained to the doctor, starting to move past him before remembering that this might be considered rude and pausing in the doorway expectantly. "They've arrested her and they're on their way to the station, I said we'd meet them there. Is that… okay?"
John pretended to ignore the pronounced shift in Sherlock's posture as he sighed in impatience, but the part of his stomach that had always rebelled at Tobias' flat affect was rejoicing at Sherlock's involvement in the scene, his sheer
He awoke with a start to John's hand on his shoulder, shaking gently, his blue eyes fond. "I'm off to bed now," the doctor said gently. "You should head there, too. You'll get a bad back if you sleep on the sofa too much, it's really not long enough for you."
Somewhere amid the clouds his brain remembers the adjective it just used to describe Sherlock's arse.
Out of the corner of his eye, John thought Jim might have rolled his eyes. Bill, too, was still looking at the younger boy. "Jim," he said suddenly. "What have you got in your bag?"
John slows to a stop and looks back at the trail of their footprints down the beach together, side by side, warm and happy to have Sherlock here with him. He sighs. "Do you ever look back at your life like this? You know, see it laid out behind you like footprints in the sand?"
John started, waking with a sharp breath in and focusing slowly on Sherlock. Within moments, he had registered his surroundings and adopted a look of dismay. "I fell asleep," he stated, sounding somewhat indignant.
"Sorry,
The two of them stood for a moment - it seemed odd to John that Mycroft would attempt to hide that piece from them when it was even obvious to him that it was important - and then Sherlock spun into action, yanking his scarf from the hook on the back of the door. "Come along, Master Watson," he said dramatically, flinging it around his neck. "The game's afoot!"
He forces himself to breathe in and out and watch quietly as Sherlock gets a purchase on Mrs St. Claire's shoulders and pushes her away. His cheekbones are flushed a delicate pink and he's stammering in shock, and even though John fully expects him to turn and run into the flat he stands his ground.
Once the line had left his lips, he recognised it as
his friend replied.
For once, Sherlock seemed to miss the joke. "The worst part is I
"I very much think," his friend finished smugly. "Now hurry up and put your trousers on, or commit to leaving without them."
"Is that so?" he asks, making a beeline for the kitchen.
Sherlock snorted a laugh in return and allowed John to prop him up and shift them forwards in the bath to pull the plug. "I'll just shower sitting down," he said as John struggled to stand. "There's no way my legs will support my weight for the next ten minutes or so."
The detective thrusts the phone in his direction. "Lestrade's arrested Lucas'
Sherlock nodded. "Yeah, I know. He's not the first. I just… I'm difficult. I can't really blame them for not wanting to be around me."
They ate in relative quiet; John related a story of one of his younger patients who had managed to get a fairly sizeable McDonald's toy up his nose that made Sherlock laugh, and he, when asked, told John about his experience in the shop where he had bought the bondage tape. He'd originally reached for the purple one that had looked most similar to the one that the victim had used, but a bubbly female sales assistant had assured him that he didn't want that one and redirected him to the black stuff. He had felt slightly odd in the shop: most of the other shoppers had been couples or terrifically awkward youths. As soon as he had walked in, he had wished he were not wearing his long, black coat.
It's not. "Oh, that's nice," she says, taking a sip of her Chardonnay. By the tightness in her lips as she swallows, it's not very nice. "And when did you…"
"It was," Sherlock said simply. "But this article – they found all of the boy's clothes in a locker in the changing room, but not his shoes. If it was just an accident, what happened to his shoes?"
John snorted suddenly. Sherlock lifted a curious eyebrow at him. "Sorry," he said brightly, not sounding sorry at all. "Sometimes it hits me all of a sudden that this is my life now. You know, if someone had told me at
once he stepped back onto it after John's exit, the emotions more palatable, the energy more vibrant.
John shrugged. "Not quite this much, but there are usually a few people who just saw us play. Will loves it. Wait until later - the crowd dies down a little, and then the doxies turn up." Sherlock made a face. "Not really interested in that kind of woman?" John asked, trying to sound casual instead of intensely interested in
I suppose a part of me
Grieg smiled softly. "Of course. Come and sit up here, it'll be more comfortable." He patted the wide windowsill beside him, the curtains drawn back to show cushions propped up against the side of the window. Sherlock grinned and almost vaulted the desk to get over there; he could reach the teacher easier from there. "I might disturb you, though. I'm marking essays. It helps if I read them out loud."
The alien was frowning at the pile of bones with a frightening kind of fire in his green eyes; at Sherlock's words he looked up as though surprised he was still there. "Run," he replied urgently.
"You assume correctly," Julien smiled. "I think I have made already the only friend I will need."
reduces John's coherent chain of
"I think that about covers everything," he says briskly. "Shall we go, then?"
John sighs again. "I'll
Sherlock practically beams. "Exactly. Which pretty much takes away the last piece of evidence in favour of the accused. So, Straker's wife tells him about the disturbance, he grabs the knife from the kitchen table and runs out to the stable –" Sherlock's deep voice cuts off suddenly and his eyes widen. "John, you saw that knife, right?" John grunts again; Sherlock had nearly severed his nose off with it when he waved it in his face. "What kind of knife would you say it was?"
The spaceship was old, Sherlock realised as they lurched from planet to planet unsteadily. And it was likely the Doctor wasn't quite flying it properly; they landed with a lurch and a terrible noise and the Doctor instantly sprinted around to the other side of the console to flip a few levers. It must have been designed to be flown by more than one person, the amount of running around he constantly had to do. He wondered if he'd be allowed to stay around for long enough to learn how to help.
A pop-up password box flashed up; Sherlock smirked. The Doctor grinned boyishly at him and whipped something that looked almost like a pen from his top pocket. "Not to worry," he said brightly, and pointed the device at the computer. It made a sort of buzzing noise and the password box disappeared, replaced instantly with a floor-plan of the bank building and what looked like the feed from the cameras in the vault. Sherlock blinked.
easy – how had he not seen this before?
, John corrected himself with a tiny smile - nodded in an understanding sort of manner. "Well, I look forward to working with you,
Again, the man did not look surprised, like he had expected the news. "Yes," he said slowly, reaching below the counter for a folded piece of cloth. "I thought the Government may be interested in those."
John nodded, picking up their outer layers of clothing from the floor as Sherlock picked up the laptop and started typing. "Right," he said, not nearly as awkward as Sherlock had feared he might be but not entirely comfortable either. "I'll just… go and start dinner, then. Chicken all right with you?"
I've always been some
his earlobe! Surely this was violating some kind of human rights law. This was sexual assault. No-one would blame him for pushing her, right?
"We're not going," he snaps, slamming the door again.
. "You haven't had
McAuliffe's other eyebrow floated up to join the first and he turned vaguely around to the boy who had spoken. "Is that right, Mister Glendenning?" he asked. Bill shifted in his chair.
before I cause the premature death of Sherlock Holmes - but I've still got my screwdriver and I've still got my TARDIS.
Sherlock starts when Lady Trelawney-Hope opens the door. "Oh!" he says cheerfully, his 'normal' smile slapping itself onto his face. "You've had a haircut, my Lady."
The younger boy curtsied politely to John as his group of attendants practically carried Antonio offstage, kicking and fighting them.
needs to be higher. I appreciated the way you touched him, John, but you need to be so physically close to each other that everyone else,
" John protested.
Sherlock shrugged, a tentative smile growing across his face. "I've slept worse," he said offhandedly. Limbs shaking slightly with apparent relief, the detective gave a tiny grunt of effort as he stretched against the sheets, his pale body straining. John had to restrain himself from licking his lips. "What time is it?" Sherlock asked vaguely, struggling half-heartedly to sit up.
He clears his throat. And then the detective seems to realise what he's done, his eyes widening in horror; John can't say why exactly, but to stop him from panicking he surges forward and reconnects their mouths.
For once, Sherlock didn't react to his brother's tone. "Lord Eustace Brackenstall was murdered two days ago. Constable Lestrade called John and I to the scene yesterday - we interviewed a woman who we were told was his wife, Lady Margaret Brackenstall. They'd tried to stage the murder to look like a burglary gone too far, but the deception was fairly transparent. We thought perhaps a lover of hers had decided to free her from him - by all accounts, Lord Brackenstall was a vile and abusive husband. I located a possible lover at the docks yesterday afternoon and asked him to call here for me, but it seems that won't be necessary." He nodded at the portrait in his hands. "This is the woman we questioned. Apparently not even the widow at all, no wonder she didn't want to talk to us."
His friend looks down between them at John's crotch; even though his cock deflated significantly when Sherlock brought everything to such a screeching halt, he's still achingly hard. "I could… do you still want me to…" To finish his sentence, the detective reaches for John's penis.
John insisted.
"So. You found you were bisexual in our last year of high-school. Who did we – oh, my God.
"It wasn't," Sherlock lied immediately. "I didn't mean to be cruel, I just didn't know how to react and I was scared you wouldn't want me."
That elicits another low giggle from the detective. "He didn't know what to make of that, did he?" John has to admit that the DI's reaction was funny and gives in to the giggles himself for a moment. Then he remembers the thought that popped into his head when he looked at Lestrade's face.
Sherlock made a face. "Annoying. Invasive. Rude. Although, that's usually when I'm making observations about
He looked him up and down, then glanced around the hall furtively. "Carl Powers' new squeeze?"
"Yes, I'd imagine arriving half an hour late wouldn't exactly do wonders for the queue outside your office," he remarks idly. John's fists clench.
John crowed with delight. "
Spock made a soothing noise. "I thought the same when I was smaller. My father did not help - the other children would say awful things about my parents, and my father would never deny them. It was not until I melded with a full Vulcan that I realised the species was capable of emotions at all, and not until my father admitted to having them that I realised the truth."
The detective's eyes narrowed. "I doubt it," he said, but he didn't sound entirely certain. "It would be a little self-defeating to keep it from us and then tell the Constable we've been working with."
The detective nods slowly, trying to smile and not succeeding. "Definitely."
There's
, and he would enjoy it even more with a cast full of the sheer
Lestrade seemed reluctant to interrupt the warm silence between them, so Sherlock bent forwards to examine the victim's fingers, clearing his throat briskly. "His fingernails were too short to scratch her too much, I would say. It does look as though he tried, though. If he'd cared for her I imagine it would have come as quite a shock when she all of a sudden turned on him." He remembered John's shock the previous night, the little bubble that orgasm created and how long it had taken him to react once Sherlock shattered it. And that was after years of army training. By the time Stephens mustered the brainpower to try and resist, the lack of oxygen would already have weakened his muscles. "Really, it's quite a clever strategy on her part, being someone who would never be able to overpower these men in ordinary circumstances."
"That's it," Sherlock agreed, fiercely tugging his mind away from John Watson turning to face him after one of his more oblivious comments about the solar system with that adorably incredulous smile on his face. "Is that a real book? I didn't think it was."
," he expanded. "It belongs to the Queen."
At least it protected them from the cold, John supposed - the wind was brutal outside and the many decrepit doors to the pool did little to keep the warmth in. It certainly made him glad he wasn't competing. Sure, the water was probably a fair temperature, but the way Sophia was clutching herself on the sidelines, her goosebumps visible even from the other end of the building in her one-piece, didn't make him at all jealous.
"I thought the Mars complex was all one-story," the Doctor said, frowning at the students as they bustled self-importantly past.
The practical part of the exam followed startlingly like John remembered his Defence Against the Dark Arts OWL, with all the first-year Auror trainees sitting nervously outside the training-room in the bowels of the Ministry and waiting for their name to be called so that one of the senior Aurors could check that they could perform the spells they'd been taught in this particular portion of their training.
without jurisdiction. Does that sound right? They look pretty gormless." The Doctor shrugged, still looking amused. "So. Maybe the bank would know." He spun around quickly, approaching the skinny, terrified-looking man behind the English-speaking counter. "Can we see the manager, please? It's important. These
The spinsters and the knitters in the sun
He wasn't quite sure why, he just woke up with a sort of vaguely irritated feeling vibrating just under his skin and he knew that anyone who annoyed him even a
No motion of the liver, but the palate,
Things clicked together. People had presented romantic affections to him before, but not in such a forward manner. "I'm not looking for a
We men say more, swear more: but indeed
The younger trainee grinned brilliantly. "Which bit?" he asked. John hit the highest bit of him he could reach, which in this position turned out to be his lower thigh.
He started when Julien's fingers left his chest and turned to claws; his green eyes were bright with amusement as the French boy scraped red lines into his pale stomach in a 'v' shape down to the button on his school trousers. Sherlock swallowed.
John laughed, but he let go nonetheless after one last twist of his wrist that left Sherlock gasping. "Hey!" John said after another long kiss. "There's still that bottle of bath stuff Harry gave me for Christmas under the sink. The stuff that you thought smelled nice."
in my life beforehand. And that's the other downside to my brain.
" John gasped. Sherlock had backed him against the wall with his torrent of verbiage; he couldn't help but feel trapped, completely overwhelmed.
"Well, if he didn't believe the rumours that we're shagging before, he will now."
"Soho," she replied. "At the Ball and Chain, it's a -"
"I'm just having trouble with memorising names and dates," John admitted, pushing a few pieces of parchment aside. "I don't understand how you can just
Something about the light stuck in his mind; a tiny nagging sensation that made his face scrunch up and directed his eyes back to the shadows of the trees stretched across the ground. Then it clicked.
the lines, it's obvious and elaborated on and spoken about. Yours and mine is built entirely on subtext. We
that somehow. It was difficult to judge the reaction in John because of the sparks flooding his own veins, but there was a certain undercurrent of anticipation between them as they kissed Mrs Hudson goodbye and bundled into a cab. Another murder would mean another role-play.
"If you know what I'm trying to find out, then you'll influence it one way or the other," Sherlock sighed. "Just act like you think Montgomery would. Just like you did last night."
For the first time in the scene, Ben grinned cheekily, scampering out of John's arms and onto the tree stump as though standing proudly on a second stage. "
Sherlock was asleep when John woke up, however, his breath ghosting into John's hair, fingers twitching absently in the fabric of John's shirt. John smiled happily, wriggling closer to his friend; Sherlock made a soft sound in his sleep and tightened his arms around him.
. The Doctor made a few running leaps to the door and threw it open. "Planet Mercury," he said with a dramatic flourish at the landscape outside. With a quick confirming glance at the Doctor, he stepped out of the door, the brittle dust of a different planet crunching satisfyingly under his shoes.
