“I appreciate that, Dean. Thank you.”
“That’s only part of it, Cas. You’re an
"You kidding?" Dean said, incredulous. He pulled his hand away from Castiel's face, brushing away a few more tears, then started running his fingers through Castiel's hair, lightly pulling on the pieces that stuck up at odd angles. "We're like Team Fuck Up, Sammy and I. Hurting people that trust us is like a special talent of ours. Runs in the family."
Dean can’t help but smile back at him. “You know you said that already, right?”
“Cas, if you’re ready to take things a little… less slow... then I’m all for that. But there are some things I haven’t told you that I need you to know first.”
Not for the first time, Sam really wanted to kill Chuck.
“Nope,” Dean says. And it’s mostly the truth. Time has always felt a little odd to him since he came back from hell, and he suspects it always will. Forty doesn’t feel too different from thirty-nine, not in the grand scheme of things. He’s used to the surreal feeling of making it to another birthday; each year he lives through (especially
“Well, I hope you pay Charlie for being your damn therapist,” Dean said with a smirk.
. It feels right to leave marks on each other out of love rather than rage.
“Should we walk?” Dean said eventually.
Sam frowned. “Like what?”
“You figured out a way to outsmart your own sigils or something?”
Charlie looked nervously back and forth between them.
“Sorry,” Dean muttered. He grabbed his clothes and retreated into the bathroom, worried that he was making Cas uncomfortable. He was clearly feeling
“Yes,” says Cas, his tone instantly darker. He steps closer, brushes a finger over Dean’s bottom lip, quirks one eyebrow. “Are you saying you want to go back to bed?”
for me. What am I supposed to do with that?”
“We’re not sure,” Cas interjected before Dean could answer. “But anything you can tell us will be helpful.”
“I know,” Cas said, fighting to keep his voice calm. “Focus. Find the way out.”
“I know. I mean, he didn’t literally kidnap you or anything. But according to these” – she held up a
“Dean – ” Cas started.
He gets their bags out of the trunk, along with the tackle box and fishing rod he managed to dig out of the garage at the bunker. Cas takes one of the bags, and together they head toward the house. His heart hammers as they approach the front door. Maybe this is why Cas asked if it was too soon, because now that they’re here, this somehow feels like taking a step in their relationship. They’ve shared a bed dozens of times in the past few years, but there was always something to
“Wow,” Sam whispers when he opens the box. The ring is a silver band with a stripe all the way around it that seems to be blue and white and silver all at the same time. “Wait, is that – ?”
Here was Cas, still recovering from Rowena’s attack dog spell – a situation he very narrowly escaped, and with little help from the Winchesters, no less – aiding in undoing the chaos caused by the brothers’ combined hubris and overall dysfunction, and Dean couldn’t even be bothered to help. Instead, Dean stood with his arms crossed over his chest, with the impatient expression of a king awaiting his army’s return from battle.
“Good point.” Cas held out his hand. Dean took it without hesitation.
Those realizations came later, when Cas was already back in his arms.
Sam had been in bed most of the day, getting only the unsatisfying kind of sleep he got when he was feverish. He would pass out for an hour or so, then wake up soaked in sweat, fists clenched at his sides. It reminded him of detoxing from demon blood, though it was different in that instead of hurtling toward a terrifying, violent end, he could feel himself simply growing weaker, being carried further and further away from the living by currents that lulled him to sleep as they drowned him.
He pulls into the gravel driveway. When he turns off the car, he doesn’t make any move to get out. He just sits still for a moment, looking through the windshield at the place where they’ll spend the next few days together, alone.
“You do, Dean. You clearly do.”
Rowena began the verbal part of the spell, and Cas did his best to focus on relaxing rather than translating the Latin. A few Enochian words registered without any conscious effort, however, roughly translating to “merge” and “dive.” These words aided his concentration somewhat, and he imagined – or perhaps felt? – himself descending into a body of water, Dean’s mind enveloping his.
“Um… No, everyone’s been fine, as far as I can tell. And what do you mean ‘black goop’?”
Now that Jack had gone, Cas let himself relax a bit more. He let out a shaky sigh and rubbed a hand across his face. It was a particularly exhausting part of being a parent, always wanting to appear brave, and wise, and steady.
Dean’s in a gray T-shirt and jeans, covered in dirt and grease, working on something under the hood of the Impala, ignorant to Castiel’s presence in the garage. Cas smirks when Dean drops something and stops singing to mutter, “Shit.”
“It’s perfect, Cas. I’d, uh, kiss you, but I should probably shower first.”
“Over easy. Got any bacon?”
Cas gave him a fond look that seemed to be laced with a bit of sympathy as well, as though he thought Dean was being naïve. “My grace has been through a substantial amount of trauma. It has been destroyed and recreated, suffocated by the souls from purgatory and by the Leviathan. And in many ways, I have fallen, although I have retained most of my angelic abilities. It is a wonder my grace is still intact.”
an underground lair! And I can meet Cas, and we can have movie marathons.”
Castiel’s expression melted into a mix of relief and euphoria, and Dean heard the sound of wings. For just an instant he thought Cas was gone, but soon he realized that he had just teleported them to Dean’s bedroom. Dean was lying on his side on the bed, and Cas was sitting next to him.
He’s not
An hour later, Dean and Cas exited the motel wearing their suits, fake FBI badges tucked inside. As they crossed the parking lot, Dean spotted something suspicious, and stopped. “Two o’clock, Cas,” he muttered. “Don’t be obvious about it.”
Sam tried to muster a disapproving look. “Charlie, Dean didn’t force me back into the life.”
“I think maybe when he did, something… happened to me.”
“This one says ‘gentle glide,’” he says. “That suggests that the others are not gentle. So why would anyone purchase the ones that are not gentle? Dean?”
“They can’t help with this.”
He takes Cas’ hand, squeezes it gently. “I’ll be out in a minute.”
It was becoming increasingly difficult for Sam to tolerate Dean’s obliviousness. “C’mon, Dean. He adores you. Besides,” he added, “he needs you to help him navigate. Without you, he’s completely clueless.”
“Yeah. I think we can – I mean, just to make sure you get it,” Dean said with an uncharacteristically shy smile, and leaned forward to press their lips together again.
They all looked at each other rather morosely, the uncertainty in the room palpable. “Well for goodness sakes, he hasn’t died yet,” Rowena said. “A little confidence, please.”
As soon as they were in the elevator, Dean asked about all Cas’ meaningful looks.
Dean willed himself not to look up, but he couldn’t resist the pull. He met the unbelievable blue of his angel’s eyes–
“Above an angel’s pay grade? Yikes.”
“Being alone with you, I guess. With everything out in the open.”
As tempting as it is to simply enjoy Cas sleeping next to him, a different temptation wins out. Dean moves forward to press himself against Cas’ back and snake an arm around his waist. He mouths against his neck and gently drags his teeth across his earlobe. Cas’ breathing changes, and Dean can tell that he’s awake, although he doesn’t move. He pauses, briefly wondering if Cas doesn’t appreciate the wake up call.
“You are,” Cas says, and
Charlie knocked on Sam’s door three times before entering. He was still bedridden, swaddled in blankets, alternating between freezing and roasting. He tried his best to hold his head up when Charlie came in, but it felt a bit like trying to prop up a bowling ball with a toothpick.
This time he woke up because his cell was ringing, and he prayed it wasn’t Dean calling to say that Cas had bailed on him, or Cas calling to say that Dean was in trouble. If he was going to die here, alone, then he at least wanted to know that his family was safe.
daughter. Our? Daughter?
So he just follows Cas around the festival, a strange, pleasant feeling bubbling up inside his chest. He buys Sam his peppermint bark, and buys some for Cas too, and smiles when Cas says something about peppermint bark being one of humanity’s greatest achievements. He doesn’t even complain when Cas asks for money to buy various things he doesn’t need, or when he has to scrape the snow off of Baby’s windshield before they head out.
“I hope I haven’t contributed to the tension between you.” Cas’ voice was laced with guilt.
“Always buy in bulk, Cas. These things are stupid expensive, so you gotta stock up.”
Rowena’s haughty demeanor softened slightly at his words. This seemed to happen often with Jack – he drew out a very human, almost tender side of Rowena, and she didn’t quite seem to know what to do with his warmth, his sincerity. “Yes, well,” she said. “Thank you, dear.”
Cas appears in the kitchen doorway, wearing one of Dean’s old shirts that he’d given him to sleep in, and a pair of sweatpants. His hair is all messed up, and he squints in the light. “G’morning,” he mumbles.
“Nothing, you just… seem reluctant to leave me alone.”
Benny muttered to himself and leaned against a tree, machete in hand. “We got a ways to go,” he said. “But I think we should stay here and rest a while.”
“Cas could probably use a break,” Sam said.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel repeated, and his usual gravelly voice broke. He seemed to think Dean was in pain, so Dean shook his head and took the angel’s hand, holding it to his chest. Their fingers lined up, and he pressed Cas’ palm over his heart. He wasn’t good with words, but he hoped this would be easy enough to understand.
“So it was a chick?” he says. “I’m surprised you felt threatened.”
“Heya, Cas,” he said, then turned back to the car. “She won’t start. I checked everything I could think of. Think you can help me out? Give her a jump start?”
“I miss him, too, Dean,” Cas said with a sympathetic look. “And I know I’m no substitute for your brother.”
Only one chapter left! I can't believe how long I've been working on this fic, and I really appreciate everyone who's stuck with it.
“What did the little shit say now?”
“Wait, what? You’re saying she’s a – ”
“In reality, you’ve always done what you thought was best for them. You put their safety and happiness before your own, and yet you still feel inadequate.” Castiel looked down to where his hands were folded in his lap. “So the thought of forming meaningful relationships scares you, and I understand that.”
It was Castiel's turn to laugh. "Yes, I am."
When Dean awoke the next morning, he thought he was dreaming. He was in bed with Cas, whose right arm was draped across his chest. Cas was wearing Dean’s Led Zeppelin shirt, and his eyes were closed, his breathing even. The other bed was completely untouched, still made with the sheets tucked under the mattress. Dean had to replay the previous night in his head to make sure he wasn’t forgetting anything. No, nothing had happened. When he had been ready to go to sleep, Cas had been reading at the table, and Dean asked if he’d rather read in bed. That led to a conversation about the proper clothes for relaxing in, never mind if angels couldn’t actually sleep –
Dean smirks at that.
Dean’s heart rate had picked up a bit, but he tried to mirror Sam’s tone. “Yeah, we’re good.”
“He might not forgive you today, but it’ll get you a few points. It’ll be like… a gesture of friendship.”
She shrugged. “I’m good at reading people. And you two have been doing this for so long that you can’t see past your own crap anymore. Maybe I should move in and be your full-time therapist,” she added with a smile.
“You – what?”
In the parking lot he was met with one of Cas’ confused squints.
“Vacation might be too strong a word, but yes, a trip. For your birthday.”
Claire wakes up in her bed an hour later. She must’ve fallen asleep after the painkillers started working. On her nightstand is a box of tampons, a glass of water, a couple more pills, and a note in Dean’s handwriting:
“Actually, I wanted to talk to you,” Cas says, ignoring the fact that it’s suddenly very difficult to breathe.
Dean flashed his badge to the blonde behind the bar, and Cas followed suit. “My name is Agent Crosby, and this is my partner Agent Stills. We’re here about the recent disappearances. Would you be willing to talk with us?”
Sam and Jack each get up and hug him, too. It’s a little too sappy for Dean’s comfort, but he rolls with it. Jack looks at him with admiration, like he’s something special, and it pulls on Dean’s heart a little. “Do you feel different?” Jack asks him.
“Mornin’.”
“Sam… already knows I was going to ask you. He helped me plan something.”
“Why wouldn’t they like you, Tammy?” Cas asked, but something about the way he spoke made Dean think Cas already knew the answer.
“I don’t know if this is going to work,” he said for the hundredth time.
“I doubt it,” Dean muttered. “Nothing good ever happens without a price.”
“I’m sorry,” he said again. “Let’s go get the car.” But it didn’t feel right. It felt like Cas was just humoring him, like Dean hadn’t actually won. He felt manipulated and patronized.
He didn’t want Dean to be angry with him. Dean was generally brimming with resentment as it was, which he kept at a constant simmer, hidden only from those who didn’t look close enough. Cas wondered how much of that resentment was reserved for him specifically. He imagined Dean cared for him almost as much as he cared for Sam, albeit in different ways, and if Dean could care for Sam so much and still feel so much resentment toward him, then the same probably went for Castiel himself. It seemed that holding grudges was a part of most significant relationships, at least for Dean, but Cas still disliked the idea. He often fantasized about a theoretical time in the future when he and Dean could be more open with one another, and when emotional discussions and personal questions would be received exactly as Castiel intended them – as signs of genuine concern – rather than as attempts to make Dean feel insecure or judged.
“I’ll do my best to be unhappy,” Cas added. “Until we find another solution.”
When Dean was finished, Charlie was the first to speak. “Her boyfriend becomes a killer ghost and she’s just like, ‘Tell me what I need to do?’ Wow. Badass.”
“Of course, Dean. But first I need to speak with you. It’s important.”
Dean bites his lip. If there were ever a good time, now would probably be it. “You do, too, you know.”
“Why?”
Cas smiled. “I’m not sure, Dean. I think I still need some clarification.”
“Are you ready to go? Where’s Sam?” Cas says, his tone of voice almost comically serious considering his current wardrobe choices.
This couldn’t fix everything, Castiel knew, but it was a start.
“Who knows how long she’s been following us,” Cas remarked.
They still hunt, of course. But now they have a network of experienced hunters at their fingertips. Instead of hightailing it to South Carolina to track down what
Dean’s pretty sure that Jack, on the other hand, doesn’t suspect anything. He’s not dumb, but he doesn’t know Dean half as well as Sam does, and he probably doesn’t have any preconceived notions of what a friendship between two guys looks like. Jack is generous with his affection – he probably gives more hugs in a week than Dean does in a whole year, and says things like “you’re important to me” and “I love you” with such ease that it makes Dean jealous sometimes. With only his own openness as a point of reference, it’s unlikely that Jack finds anything suspicious about Dean’s interactions with Cas.
Dean looked at him blankly, waiting for more instructions.
“What are you talking about?” He was probably aiming for annoyed, but it came out defensive.
“Angels don’t sleep,” Cas said patiently (they had, after all, just discussed this) and with none of the morning raspiness that was present in Dean’s own voice. “I was meditating.”
If you've been with this fic since I started it back in 2014, wow, thank you. Sorry for making you wait so long and taking so many hiatuses.
They had held hands before, but only for very brief moments, and only when helping one another up, or some other circumstance where it had been necessary. Now, Cas had enough time to appreciate the weight and warmth of Dean’s hand in his. Perhaps he idled too long, however, because Dean was looking at him as though waiting for a signal to proceed.
“No. A verbal invitation will suffice.”
Both of them jumped at the sound of a twig snapping. Footsteps. Approaching voices. Neither of them moved. As the voices grew nearer, Cas easily identified Benny’s deep drawl. “If you would quit arguin’ maybe I could think.”
“Charlie, I know you forgive me for whatever mistakes I’ve made. But it wasn’t you I hurt. I don’t see how that could cure me.”
It’s a warm night in August, and I’m in the kitchen making myself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for a midnight snack, even though it’s three in the morning. I was recently told that the term ‘midnight snack’ still applies, as long as it’s after midnight, though Sam and Dean disagree on whether the appropriate time to switch to the term ‘breakfast’ is four or five.
In truth, Cas had no idea what to do next. He went with his instinct. “Do you have a weapon?”
“I think there may be… something wrong with my vessel.”
“Don’t change the subject. What was your dream about?”
He takes a few gulps of his beer (alcohol actually has quite an effect on him now that his grace has been fading for a few years, and he’s grown fond of cheap beer) and stands up. “Okay. I’ll do it now.”
Sam laughed. “You don’t have to like threesomes, Dean. That’s not what bisexual means.”
“Yeah?”
. Dean can’t believe the night he’s having.
They were both silent for a moment. “How’s Jack?” Dean asked, probably to get the attention off of himself.
Castiel didn’t know how much longer he could bear the tension in the motel room. In fact, it was more than tension; it was more like outright hostility. Dean had once referred to the three of them as a team, but now the term seemed far from applicable.
Dean shook his head. “I just… couldn’t. And I know you’re probably thinking that it’s just because you’re useful to me, or whatever. But that’s not it. Even if you weren’t useful, I could never… ” he trailed off.
Dean set his clothes down and turned around to face him, leaning back against the counter. “It’s alright, man. Sorry for making it awkward.”
Clearly Cas hadn’t hid his exhaustion as well as he’d hoped. “I knew it would be difficult. Besides, my grace will be replenished after a few days.”
, there’s no way he could turn you down.”
“Nope. Not until you’re back at a hundred percent.”
“I’m not mad, Cas.”
Dean’s reaction was something similar to what Sam had expected, fabricated shock and indignation so physically dramatic that it made everything that much more obvious. “What? No!”
“Well, I don’t know how you’d figure that. He went for a hike and never came back. When they found him, he had already been dead for a while. They say he slipped and fell, broke his leg, and couldn’t get to any food or water. But I’m sure you know that. It’s all in the report.”
Cas was suddenly very interested in the cement floor, studying the imperfections with his usual stoic expression. But Sam thought he saw the gleam of tears in the angel’s eyes.
Castiel cleared his throat and shifted in his seat. “I want to apologize if I’ve pressured you at all.”
Dean looked back and forth between the angel and his brother, like if he killed some time, they would forget that Cas had asked him a question. Sam cleared his throat.
“Okay,” Dean said. “Yeah, let’s walk.” It was obvious that he was still processing, but in typical Dean fashion, he needed to do something. They started off towards the treeline, the opposite side from where Cas had entered the clearing. “Don’t get lost,” Dean added. “I don’t even know where we are.”
Tammy looked between Dean and Cas. She had tears in her eyes, but blinked them away. And she didn’t look sad. Almost frustrated. “How does this work? Do I need to say a code word or something before you can be honest with me? Or is everything classified regardless?”
“There is a burning sensation in my upper digestive tract, and I am finding it hard to concentrate.” He paused, as if he was waiting for Sam to diagnose him. “My body feels as though it wants to move, although I have not instructed it to do so.”
“Um,” Sam said awkwardly. “I have it. Give me a minute.” He left the room, and Cas, Jack, and Rowena all looked at each other.
“That’s great to hear, Sam,” Cas said, not without sincerity. It was great to see him looking so well. He did feel a twinge of irritation, too, over being so worried for no reason, but it was clearly nothing compared to what Dean was feeling.
Cas frowned.
A smirk appeared on the angel’s lips. “So we are friends again.” It was a statement, not a question.
“If that were true, you wouldn’t have taken me with you on this case. I think you’re worried about me. You want to protect me.”
They get into bed, and Dean pulls them together, Cas’ back to his chest.
“Sorry.” Castiel was in the back seat, making eye contact with Dean in the mirror. “I didn’t mean to startle you.”
He feels a little guilty sometimes. For millions of years Cas was an angel, and Dean doesn’t want to be the reason for the loss of that identity. There are certain things about Cas that are the same — he’s philosophical, caring, protective, moody, and stubborn as ever. But now that they’re not busy saving the world every other day, Cas has time to build a more human identity for himself, complete with finer details, and Dean gets to witness it all.
Dean marveled at the weight of Cas’ arm on his chest, the way it made him feel safe rather than burdened. He moved his own arm so that it was on top of Cas’, and slotted their fingers together.
Dean looked down at Cas’ hand, surprised by the gesture. It was so casual, like they had been together for years. In a way, maybe they had.
Dean pulled his hands away from his face after a very long, uncomfortable silence. His heart pounded against his ribcage, and he could feel his pulse in his temple and fingertips. The position of his chair, parallel to the table and facing the place where Castiel was still standing, made it difficult to hide his discomfort. As he folded his arms across his chest, he felt that his shirt was damp from sweat.
“Hey, Dean?” Cas says when he’s able to breathe again.
Castiel's stomach lurched. He didn't want to lie, but he didn't want to burden Dean with the truth of everything that he had done in heaven. Luckily, he remembered that Dean had taught him the art of omission. "The crypt," he managed to choke out.
“But the store brand is the least expensive.”
They both stared at it for a moment, weighing their options.
“Good. I tend to feel better afterward. Recharged, so to speak. As I said last night, it’s the angel equivalent of sleep, only not quite necessary for survival. I’m sure that some angels seldom do it at all, but I find it useful. Perhaps it has something to do with the condition of my grace.”
“I may not need you to protect me,” Cas continued, “but I appreciate that you want to. It means that you see me as more than just an angel.”
Wow, I haven't updated this in over a year, and for that I am SO SORRY. I will try to be better. I'm still committed to finishing this.
A longer chapter this time, to make up for the super short one last time.
“We can’t exactly give her the whole story, Dean,” Cas points out. “What did you want me to say? ‘There’s a girl who’s technically an orphan – and that’s my fault, for taking her father as a vessel and then causing that vessel to be destroyed and killing her father in the process, and ultimately failing to rescue her mother from her kidnapper – and this is my friend who has taught me how to blend in with humanity, and now we’re taking care of said orphan, and these purchases are for her?’”
Dean opened his mouth to say something, maybe to ask Cas to stay. But he seemed to think better of it, and just said, “G’night, Cas.”
“Humans as a whole, but yes, you in particular. My mission, the Righteous Man. You could disobey orders. Consider how foreign that was to me.”
okay. I just get cold sometimes, or hot. And sometimes food looks and smells good to me.”
Cas squinted. “What do you mean?”
“Let’s go together. I don’t want to get split up if it seals.”
“That’s not what I’m implying. I just thought vengeful spirits were angry beyond reason, so it wouldn’t make sense for them to bargain with humans. And without a bargain or possession, I don’t see why a human would obey a spirit’s commands.”
“Yes.”
“He’s fine,” Cas said. “And Jack is fine.”
“What if the world ends when he’s away? Then it has to be his decision whether or not he comes back. And whatever he’d choose, I’m sure he’d be grateful that you gave him options.”
Dean splutters. “N-no. But you could’ve just gone with what the cashier said. The girlfriend thing.”
Since then, with the relative peace they’ve experienced between hunts, Dean has had entirely
“Yeah,” he agreed. “Yikes.”
“Hmm. The books kinda make it seem that way.” She grinned, teasing him.
“Nah, it’s fine. In fact, maybe it’s better this way. I want you to be able to find me if one of us is in trouble or something.”
Trigger warning for casual transphobia.
“I want you to know,” Cas continued, “that our relationship does not need to be sexual.”
It’s taken time to get to this kind of kiss. In the beginning they were wildfire, unbridled energy eager to destroy. Dean’s not sure what they were trying to burn down — maybe so-called fate, or their past transgressions against one another, or the years they wasted. But even if that urgency still flares up at times, Dean now understands that there are other ways to burn.
“You said ‘our daughter,’ and that makes it seem like we have a daughter,
“Hello, Sam. No, you’re not fine. I agree with Dean, maybe you should sit this one out. Yes, I’ll watch him.” He chuckled. “No tequila. Got it. Bye, Sam.” He hung up the phone, looking amused.
He stood behind Dean (mostly for his own protection, in case Michael were to wake up) and maneuvered Dean’s right wrist so that it was flush with the arm of the chair. He looped the cable tie around Dean’s wrist, just below the handcuffs, then around the arm of the chair, and threaded the end through. He gritted his teeth as he tugged until there was no slack. He repeated the action with Dean’s other wrist, then knelt to fasten his ankles to the chair as well. It did occur to him how futile this seemed, binding an archangel’s wrists to a chair. Even surrounding Michael in a circle of holy fire, the next order of business, would not necessarily harm him, merely dissuade him. But Cas knew they had to take every possible precaution – anything that could slow Michael down, even for a split second, could only help them.
“I sure hope so,” he said, and the tide took him again.
I remain silent, hoping that Dean will lose interest and go back to bed, but his eyes are fixed on me, filled with a careful concern that seems to be second nature for him. With years of lies and secrets between himself and his brother, I realize, it is. He’s had too much practice.
“You, uh… You coming?”
When they broke away from one another, a different kind of silence had settled over the room than the kind that they had both grown accustomed to recently. This one was not swollen with bitterness. Frustration, maybe, though Castiel thought that would likely always be a component of his relationship with Dean. And this silence held hope as well, that things could be better, that they could do something other than hurt each other.
a girl, Dean.”
When Dean and Cas stand in the doorway of the library, duffel bags in hand, Sam and Jack both glance up from their lore books. “Hey, uh,” Dean says awkwardly, and though he doesn’t miss Sam’s raised eyebrows and expectant look, he manages to continue. “Cas and I are gonna head out, take a little trip. We should be back by Monday.”
While they waited for their food, Dean looked up at one of the flat screens and pretended to watch the game, hoping that Cas wouldn’t say anything about Julie’s flirtation. Just when he was starting to relax, Cas spoke.
“You okay, sir?” the cashier asks.
“Of course.”
“Well I’m pretty sure those girls weren’t possessed. Didn’t see any black shit coming out of their ears, anyway.”
“Then why are you talking like a hostage? And why the hell are you trying to make me into one?”
“I’m real,” Cas said, putting as much earnestness as he could into the words. “We used a spell so I could get to you, but Dean, we don’t have a lot of time. I have to get you back to your body, so you can expel Michael. You’re going to have to fight him.”
“That’s okay,” she said. She put down her stuff and approached him cautiously. “I don’t like sweaty hugs anyway.”
Dean grins and gingerly pulls it out of the box. He’s about to slide it onto his ring finger, but he pauses and hands the ring to Cas. He holds out his hand so Cas can put it on for him. “You’re not gonna tell Sammy about this –” he mutters as Cas slides it into place, “ – the whole you putting the ring on for me, thing. So stupid.”
“I have many flaws. Your argument does not make sense.” I say, though I can feel myself blushing. “And you have peanut butter breath.”
Dean looked at Cas in a way he hadn’t for a long time, like he could see what he really was, beyond the human form he knew so well. There was no fear in Dean’s eyes, just recognition of Castiel’s place in the order of the universe. He gave an almost imperceptible nod.
“It’s not ideal. I’m not sure what I’ll do with myself.”
Dean got up from the table, stretching. He walked to the doorway and stopped there, turning back to look at Cas. “Uh, Cas?”
“What, Cas? Trying to help? Lecturing me isn’t going to help right now, okay? I didn’t bring you with me so you could try to get inside my head.”
“Jesus, not you too. I’ve already gotten this talk from my brother. I don’t need one from my friend.”
Dean forces himself to look up again. “Yeah, I’m fine. You have a good day.” He follows Cas out the door.
Wait. If angels couldn’t sleep, then… “Cas?” Dean said quietly.
He was interrupted by the whooshing sound of wings, and Cas appeared next to him. “Hello, Dean.” After a moment of prolonged eye contact the angel seemed to notice Sam was in the room. “Hello, Sam. Thank you for the advice. I am feeling much better now.”
“You taught me that,” Cas agreed. “You taught me that I could be more than what my Father wanted me to be.”
Dean was quiet, unsure of how to respond.
Cas sighs again, that full-body sigh he always does, the one that Dean secretly thinks is adorable. “I miss the company of other angels,” Cas says. “Having Hannah around, even if it was just for a short time, reminded me of what it was like to be around my family.”
“What can I do?” Jack had followed into the dungeon, still looking terrified.
“Would it really make any difference to you if he walked?” Sam asked, trying and failing to mask his annoyance.
Dean feels the sudden urge to tell Cas that he can take him someplace a little nicer to buy some clothes, if he wants to wear something else every once in a while. But that wouldn’t really be practical. Dean, after all, gets most of his clothes secondhand as well; no point in spending big bucks on clothes that are just gonna get blood and monster guts on them anyway. He only has one pair of jeans that he doesn’t wear on hunts, and they’ve lasted him five years so far. So if Cas doesn’t mind being thrifty, that’s just fine. He still wears his old suit and trench coat most of the time anyway (whether it’s out of respect for Jimmy or just habit, Dean doesn’t ask). Although, Dean realizes, Cas has been wearing other clothes more and more frequently. Maybe it wouldn’t hurt to take the guy to a Nordstrom Rack or something, at least…
“I would hug you,” he said, trying to stay conscious, “but I’m not sure how contagious this is.”
“Let me know if anything changes,” Dean says. “This sounds like bad news.”
Dean didn’t answer.
“We both had things we didn’t tell each other,” Cas said. “And it wasn’t the first time.” There was guilt in his voice.
Sam tried to interject, but Dean slammed his fist against the cabinet. Sam jumped, and Dean felt a sliver of guilt settling in his chest. He took a deep breath, trying to calm himself.
“Dean, I am simply mourning the loss of my relationship with my own species. Why are you taking it so personally?” There’s no anger in his voice. It’s an honest question.
Sam’s stomach lurched. It wasn’t so much a fear of death (although the prospect was not particularly appealing), it was the thought of leaving Dean alone in this mess. He would be alone with the burden of closing The Gates, but also alone with himself. The latter was what Sam worried would have the most disastrous consequences. He had no doubt that Dean was capable of completing the trials without him, but with no demons to chase and no Sam to protect, his brother would likely lose what little sense of self he had. Sure, Dean had lived for a year without him once before, but during that time he had a stable relationship and appearances to keep up. Since he had Lisa’s memory erased he had become even more reckless and hardened than Sam had thought possible. He knew it must be, consciously or not, to cover up the broken and vulnerable parts of himself he couldn’t fix.
When Cas said shit like this, Dean was reminded that he was talking to a being he would probably never fully understand. “Really?”
“I’m sorry, Dean. I don’t know what came over me before.”
“Charlie, I didn’t mean – ”
Dean shakes his head and Cas narrows his eyes. “No way,” Dean says. “They’re very strong, I promise. But I keep my controlled substances away from kids.”
all the way through, I wouldn’t have much of a story to tell. I was content to watch over the earth in silence, to let the people and things below wander about in their chaotic movements. I didn’t understand the
“Sam’s bailing on us. He’s pretending to be sick.”
In a private conversation months ago, Cas had – somewhat selfishly, he thought in retrospect – expressed his guilt to Sam for betraying their trust so many times. “You always thought you were doing the right thing,” Sam had said. “I know you didn’t want to hurt anyone.”
“I really don’t think that’s going to happen. And I wouldn’t let him kick you out, anyway.”
“How will I learn if you never let me do anything?” Jack says, and gives his guardians an indignant look.
“Dean?”
“Sure, man. I mean, I don’t really get why you’re so into it – it’s just gonna be a bunch of rednecks selling overpriced Christmas shit.” He opens the door to the garage and lets Cas go ahead of him. “But you dragged me outta hell, so I guess I can drag myself to this.”
“I won’t, Dean.”
He and Sam (the only ones who could look each other in the eye thus far) were at the kitchenette table, skimming through old books that likely did not hold any valuable information. They copied down passages, primarily to pacify Dean, and perhaps also to give themselves some semblance of hope, as if pages of notes from texts which vaguely referred to “dark forces” provided them with any means of defeating the Darkness.
“Just anything weird, like maybe coworkers acting strange, or maybe even some black goop lying around?”
"Mmm."
“He loves you, Dean,” he said plainly.
“Because it’s gay!” Dean shouted. The room was eerily silent once his voice stopped reverberating. He looked down, embarrassed by his outburst.
It’s the closest he can get to saying ‘I love you’ (at least for now), but based on the way Cas’ expression softens, Dean thinks he understands the intended meaning.
Anger jetted through Dean’s body, and he got up from the table, picking up his plate and pitching it down into the sink. It clattered against the metal with a sharp ring, but didn’t break. His hands gripped the counter as he stared down at his white knuckles, waiting for the adrenaline to pass.
Dean’s eyes drifted to the floor, though Sam was unsure if it was due to the subject matter of their overall conversation or his mention of Jess. Neither brother spoke for a moment.
The only thing left to do is say goodbye to Sam and Jack. He’s not looking forward to it. What if Jack asks questions? What if Sam teases him? Ordinarily, a little teasing from his little brother is the least of Dean’s worries, but he’s sensitive about the topic of his relationship with Cas, and he just hopes Sam won’t take advantage of that.
Dean is relieved. Cas doesn’t see him as some debt he has to pay off. But he also feels like a dick. He reaches up to pull Cas’ hand away from his face, ignoring the fluttering in his stomach that ensues when their hands touch. “I’m sorry, Cas, this was supposed to be about you and why you’re upset.”
A waitress came over and took their orders, then answered the same questions they’d asked Julie, with the same responses; she hadn’t seen anything unusual recently.
“Rowena is going to help you. You
the one drinking.”
, he offered himself as motivation.
The only thing that surprised me was that Dean loved me back. Of course, I sensed it through our bond — subtle changes in the exchange of energy between his soul and my grace — but I didn’t mention it to him for a long time. I was bracing myself for the possibility that I was simply imagining things. When I finally decided to confess my feelings, things shifted into place much more easily than I ever could have imagined. At the time, I wondered if Dean was humoring me as a symptom of guilt. But Dean, being a man of few words, told me things with his soul that couldn’t be anything but genuine. He was starved for love, but unsatisfied with loving those who did not know his entire self, both the good parts and the bad. He still didn’t think he deserved to be loved so completely. I disagreed, and even now I am trying to convince him. I will never give up on that.
“You asked my little brother if you could have my hand?”
“Well, great job on that,” he mutters, but massages my shoulder on the way to the fridge. “You okay? Wanna talk about it?” He takes out the milk and pours two glasses, sliding one over to me.
Dean gets up from the table, takes a deep breath, and presses a kiss to Cas’ forehead.
Dean walked around to the trunk of the Impala and opened it. The usual weapons cache was absent, the trunk empty. “Damn it,” Dean muttered, and slammed it shut. “Nothing,” he said.
Jack gagged and turned away. Sam, who was far more accustomed to the organs and bodily fluids of monsters, stepped forward for a closer look, his expression an odd combination of interest and disgust. Cas knew that this wouldn’t have been an easy item to acquire, but found that he didn’t particularly care to know the details.
A plain wooden door appeared to their left, as though summoned by Dean’s desire to leave. They both stared at it for a moment, Cas feeling cautiously optimistic. Dean said “Huh,” clearly just as surprised as Cas had been. Maybe Dean had more control over the landscape of his mind than either of them previously realized.
As if on cue, Dean yawned and said, “Well, I’m ready to get some sleep.”
Dean looked at him blankly.
Claire takes the pills out of Dean’s hand. “Fine.”
He rubbed his eyes. “Yeah, well, does this look like a shrink’s office to you?”
“Fine. What’s got you all puffed up, Feathers?”
angel– and his resolve crumbled. “You stupid bastard,” Dean mumbled almost inaudibly, and stood up. He could see in Cas’ face that he was afraid he was going to storm off, and the hand on his shoulder started to slide away. He reached up to stop it, covering Cas’ hand with his own. He looked down at their hands, studying the subtle difference in their skin tones and feeling the contrast between the smoothness of Cas’ hands and his own callous-riddled palms. He closed his fingers around Cas’ hand and pulled it down to their sides, threading their fingers together. Cas’ eyes widened, his pupils dilated. Dean licked his lips.
“How should I know, Dean? I would not understand your desires to indiscriminately copulate with women, theoretical or otherwise.”
“Oh, I know,” she said, pointing to the cover of the book she was holding. “What’s up with that? I don’t know if I could date someone who hasn’t seen
“If Dean has to forgive me to save my life, doesn’t that take some of the sincerity out of it?” Sam asked.
Sam cleared his throat. “So, who’s going in?”
“It’s not real,” Cas said again. “It’s a memory.” When he looked around at their immediate surroundings, he found them particularly familiar – the dense thicket, the rocky clearing with a lopsided boulder and a cluster of tall ferns.
“My angel,” he whispers. “It’s okay, my angel.”
“What?”
Dean snatched his keys from the counter and stormed up the stairs to the door. He slammed it behind him.
“Dude, she had a huge crush on you. Even when she was bossing you around, I could tell. You didn’t know?”
If he lost his mind, he would become a burden. And he knew Dean would never agree to put him down, not even if they were to discuss it beforehand. He also wondered if Dean would still be attracted to him if he were to lose his grace, or if his power was a main component of the allure. He pushed the selfish thought away.
Dean stares at him blankly. “Away? As in, a vacation?”
“It’s my grace. Just a bit of it. Not enough to do me any harm.” After a moment of silence, he adds, “If it bothers you, I could get you something else. I just wanted you to have a piece of it, before the rest of it’s gone.”
“That certainly sounds like Dean.”
Dean’s jaw clenched, his hands in fists by his sides. “Alright,” he practically growled. “You’re right.”
“Yeah, I know that. I meant, isn’t it boring for you to just sit there, or whatever? Are you at least doing something else in your head?”
“Please, don’t. He’ll be back as soon as he’s done with this case. There’s nothing he can do for me anyway.”
“So what’ve you been doing?”
Sam continued to have an internal battle over the direction in which this conversation was heading. He really did want Dean to be honest with him, and he really did want to have this discussion at some point. There was just too much on their plate right now to be dealing with a huge, potentially stressful talk. Dean was clearly not at his best, and any tiny miscommunication could drive a wedge between them. But seeing as there was already a severed line between Dean and Cas, Sam thought he would take his chances at helping repair it.
Cas shakes his head and chuckles, and Dean thinks it’s a sound he doesn’t hear nearly often enough.
I run my fingers through his hair. “All that time didn’t amount to much. I’ve only just started living. I’d appreciate it if I didn’t lose you now.”
Cas is looking at him the way he sometimes does after sex, wordlessly requesting eye contact. Dean forces himself to meet Cas’ gaze. It’s hard for him to do — too intense, like looking at the sun. Still, he doesn’t look away. It’s almost like Cas’ version of cuddling, and he’s more than willing to give that to him. He
“That was different. I was fighting to save you. To make you realize.”
“Let me know if you see any peppermint bark,” Dean says. “We’re supposed to get some for Sam.”
“I’m not just concerned for your safety,” Cas finally said. “I’m concerned that your feelings will change. Humans have proven themselves to be fickle.”
It’s late afternoon when Cas instructs him to turn onto a dirt road, and after a few miles, the lake becomes visible. It’s small (only a few acres, if Dean had to guess) and secluded, surrounded by birch and cottonwood trees. As promised, it’s not frozen over, despite the cold weather.
He gets up to dig through Cas’ duffel bag, the one he had to convince him to pack before they left. Cas had pointed out that he didn’t really need anything, but Dean asked him to humor him, pack some ‘regular person’ clothes.
"I know, I was mostly kidding. But sometimes it helps to have someone with you. Makes you feel safer. And we can't both fit on the couch."
“I appreciate that, but I don’t know that we can find a way out of this. The Empty is older than God, perhaps older than time itself.”
“Okay. I think I would like to try some, too. I like peppermint candy, and I would imagine that it’s similar.”
When Jack returned with the holy oil, Cas made a wide circle around Dean. Sam entered the room. “Garth is secure,” he said. “And he should stay down for at least a few hours.” He looked down at the ring of holy oil and pulled a lighter out of his pocket. “We good?” Sam waited for Cas and Jack to nod before flicking the lighter open. “Everyone step back.”
Cas smiles, amused, and obediently gets up to change. He doesn’t usually let Dean boss him around, but it seems that Dean’s birthday is reason enough for him to allow it. Dean pulls his own sweats and thermal out of his bag and changes as well.
Dean hesitates, but eventually takes the box from Cas’ trembling hand with one of his own. His frown deepens when his eyes rest on the band of swirling blue and white embedded in the silver. “You – ” he starts.
“Never mind. I just feel bad that you have to be here with me on this boring case. It’s below your pay grade.”
“We got a case,” Sam said. His tone was flat, like it always got when he was mad at Dean but didn’t want to talk about it. “Just outside of Lincoln, three people have gone missing in the past week. All of them men in their early twenties, last seen leaving the same bar.”
“That doesn’t count.
“Dean, can you promise me something?”
Sam hesitated, unsure if he wanted to know the answer to his question. “Why?”
He cracks the Impala’s windows to let in some of the crisp, cool air, then hands Cas the box of cassette tapes, tells him to pick anything he wants. Cas puts on Bob Seger and looks out the window, gazing at the bare trees and scattered patches of melting snow with the expression of appreciation he often wears when observing the natural world. They sit in comfortable silence, except for Dean’s fingers tapping on the steering wheel along to the music, and Cas’ occasional driving directions.
“I wasn’t going to stop you,” Cas replied, a little defensive now. “I’m sorry if I’ve overstepped, but I was just trying – ”
Cas sighs and leans back in his seat. “Maybe I should travel. I’ve seen everything, but not as a human. And humans travel specifically to try food, don’t they?”
Cas squints at the type on the box. “Forty-eight seems like a lot. From what I understand about the menstrual cycle – ”
But now Dean understood safe. His brief look into Castiel’s mind showed him that he was protected, guarded with such ferocity and intensity that he felt it in his bones.
Sam Winchester shuffled uncomfortably in his chair, avoiding eye contact with the angel who was gazing at him intently from across the table. The fluorescent lights in the Men of Letters’ bunker made Sam’s head hurt, but evidently had no effect on Castiel.
Dean tried to picture himself living in an actual house again, with the Impala in the driveway, retired from her long cross-country trips. It was a nice house, the one in his mind, and peaceful, but even with an imagined family inside, the scenario felt sad. It felt like an ending, not a beginning.
Cas nodded. “Good, because… even if I don’t actively search for you, I’m still aware of where you are. It’s been that way for a while now.”
Somehow he manages to get ahold of himself just enough to hand over a twenty.
“Like what?”
“Yes, but if you don’t want to go, we don’t have to. I could get the deposit back, or –”
“Then I will retrieve you.”
“Fine. I’m going for a drive.”
“It’s beautiful, Cas. He’s gonna love it.” He closes the box and passes it back to him. “Why did you want to wait?”
Cas didn’t answer. They didn’t have a choice. He grabbed Dean by the arm and waded toward the sign. He could barely make out the outline of a door at the end of the hallway, faintly illuminated by the sign above it. He had the fleeting, selfish thought that if this was a trap, if Michael had fabricated this as a way to capture the both of them, it wouldn’t be so bad to be locked away with Dean. It would certainly be better than losing him.
Dean tried to clear his throat, but a choked sob overtook him instead. Somewhere inside he felt humiliated, but that was nothing compared to everything else he was feeling.
Dean gave him a questioning look. “Pressured me how?”
“Hey, Charlie,” he answered, trying to sound as cheerful as possible. “Everything okay?”
It’s taken him several months, but he thinks he’s found the perfect balance of neither blatantly staring at Cas while he changes, nor conspicuously averting his eyes. He’s seen (and touched) Cas’ body countless times, but changing in front of him still feels weird. In a way, it’s more intimate than sex, at least for Dean.
Dean snorts. “Yeah, well, I do what I can. Just open it, you big sap.”
“You didn’t make it awkward.” Castiel paused, initiating the kind of intense eye contact that usually made Dean squirm. “You’re beautiful.”
She blushed and looked at the floor. “Somehow I have a feeling Dean won’t be doing that anymore.”
painful, knowing that I can never go back to heaven. But I would choose you again every time. And not just because I believe it was the right thing to do, but because I want to. What good would free will be to me if I only did things out of obligation?”
If Cas’ words were meant to wound, they only did so because of the genuine self-hatred behind them. Dean sighed. “It’s okay, man. Thanks for trying.”
. On a good day, Dean can comprehend Cas loving him, but
Dean pulls out a pair of sweatpants and a white T-shirt and tosses them to Cas. “Come on, we’re on vacation. And it’s my birthday. I say get comfy or get out.”
“I had faith in you Dean. I always do,” Cas said, and a light blush rose to Dean’s face at the words. “But I was still afraid. You are…” He paused, hesitating. “You are more important to me than I can say.”
Sam could only groan in response. Just thinking about food made him feel nauseated.
“You’re already a Winchester by association, but you know what? I like the idea of making it official.”
“Hey, mom,” Dean says, and he can hear the surprise in his own voice. She’s been away for a few weeks, working on a series of hunts with Bobby, and it hadn’t even occurred to Dean to ask if she would be back in time for his birthday – that’s just not the kind of thing hunters prioritize. But here she is, and she gets up to give him a hug.
“Yes, but did he ever really forgive you? It doesn’t sound like him.”
Dean looked around, as though he would find the answer somewhere in the clearing. “I – I don’t know.”
Castiel’s forehead seemed to furrow even more as he contemplated this. He looked up after a moment. “Thank you for your help, Sam. I take it as a gesture of friendship.”
“I’m glad you like that thing, even if you don’t need it,” Dean says about the scarf.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Are you gonna tell me it was about honor?”
“You seem certain that
“Yeah, and what makes you the expert?” Dean’s expression twisted again when he saw the smirk on his brother’s face. “You’re not…”
He feels guilty, he says, that I lost my grace. He’s certain that were it not for him, I would still be an angel, grace and all, not just ‘his angel’, as he says. I am perfectly content being his angel. I would not give up my free will to restore my place in the host, and I certainly would not give up Dean. As much of an adjustment as it was, becoming human, a part of me thinks it was always meant to happen. Perhaps my Father created me this way on purpose, and this has been his plan all along. And if His plan was for me to live on earth with Dean and Sam, these wonderful people who love me and care for me more than my siblings ever did, then I know that He loves me.
Dean picked up the yellow rose and blinked in disbelief.
Dean turned his head to kiss him, but Cas moved away and cleared his throat. “We have work to do, correct?”
important to him. He’s been pacing around for hours trying to figure out how to fix this.”
, but maybe the poor guy didn’t want to feel whatever it was. Just yesterday – God, was that really yesterday? – he had expressed fear about diving into whatever this was. The last thing Dean wanted to do was freak him out even more.
It soon became clear that their memory-selves couldn’t see them; Benny looked right through them both and kept walking. As the other Dean and Cas came closer, Cas could see that they were filthy and exhausted. Even so, Dean looked noticeably younger.
“Should we go see him?”
“I heard it ring. If it was dead, it would’ve gone straight to voicemail.” His knuckles clenched and unclenched around the steering wheel. “Try Sam’s phone.”
obtuse. He knows Sam has been trying to get him and Cas to do stuff by themselves more. He just doesn’t want to think too hard about why.
“What, now you got nothing to say?”
“Or?”
Castiel extended his arm slowly and reached for Dean’s face. He paused, tilting his head to ask for permission, and Dean nodded. His fingers rubbed along Dean’s jaw, moving his thumb in soothing circles until he reached the back of his head. Dean closed his eyes. Cas pulled him forward and down slightly so that their foreheads were touching.
“Merry Christmas,” Cas replies with a smile, and sits down across from him. He glances at the newspaper-wrapped package, but doesn’t say anything about it.
Sam resisted the urge to roll his eyes. He knew that Cas meant no harm by that remark, but the third wheel status was starting to irk him. Every time he witnessed interactions between his brother and the angel, he began to feel more and more like a minor character in their trashy romance novel.
Cas heard Dean’s words from purgatory echoed within his own:
“Okay.” She sat up and handed him his water glass again. “Drink a little more, and then you can go back to sleep if you want. I’m going to call Dean – ”
It seemed that this was Dean’s way of telling him he wasn’t going to stay angry.   “I don’t exactly have a ‘pay grade’ anymore,” Cas said, using air quotes. “And besides, a few hours of inactivity is hardly a burden for me. Before my mission to raise you from hell, I spent millennia watching the earth. Although I’ve since learned much about the pleasures of participating in the world, it’s not unpleasant to simply observe.”
“Well...” Dean says to Cas. He keeps his voice low, and aims for a smoldering look. “Looks like you got me alone.”
“Nick’s friends found out that Tammy had been raised as a boy, and when Nick defended her, they killed him.”
“Dean Winchester, you are infuriating, and I wish you would just say what you mean.”
Dean’s mouth formed a subtle smirk, an expression he quickly replaced with anger. “He hasn’t been very good with the whole loyalty thing, for a puppy. Or coming when he’s called.”
“I don’t know that there’s much we can do about it,” says Cas. “That’s why I didn’t tell you before. And if I am falling, then at least this time it’s not entirely against my will.”
“Yeah, whatever. Hope your imaginary illness goes away,” Dean says, closing Sam’s door on his way out.
“You comin’?”
They start making their way down the block. Dean keeps his hands in his coat pockets and avoids eye contact with the townspeople, while Cas receives numerous compliments on his catastrophe of a Christmas sweater and seems intent on engaging every vendor in conversation about whatever they’re selling. He admires some tacky homemade ornaments, asks about cookie decorating techniques, and even tries some hot chocolate – he’s been trying more food and drink recently, so Dean suspects it doesn’t taste so much like molecules to him anymore.
“Comfortable?” Cas asks him.
“But you’ve never been with someone who understands the whole hunting thing. Cas lives it. He gets it. So if you had to take off for a job, he wouldn’t flip out. He’d probably go with you.”
Cas turns to look at him. “Do you want to come?”
Cas imagines proposing for what must be the hundredth time today, and feels the resulting adrenaline course through his system, altering his judgment. It’s something that used to bother him, but now it feels simultaneously thrilling and familiar.
“Yes,” Cas said again. “Sam and Dean are remarkable in many ways. But humans as a whole, I think, are more powerful than angels realize. It’s like you said before, angels underestimate everyone but themselves. They can be foolish in their pride.”
Cas shrugs, as if it’s not a literal life or death question. “I don’t feel the way I felt when I was running on borrowed grace, if that’s what you’re asking. I just feel like I’m becoming more human.”
Cas turns and smiles at him, and he even looks a little impatient. Dean decides that’s a look he wants to see on Cas’ face more often. And maybe he can be the one to put it there.
He let go of the doorknob and walked back to his room. He had loved Dean for years. He would wait for as long as he had to.
The drive, which normally would’ve taken two and a half hours, only took about an hour and forty-five minutes thanks to Dean’s speeding. They pulled up to the bunker around ten thirty at night, and Dean was through the front door so fast that Cas had to jog to keep up.
“What would be the purpose of – ”
But that was just the thing. Castiel had felt–
“You showed me what it means to be human, Dean,” Castiel continued. “But sometimes I think you regret doing so.”
time to think. Every quiet moment between them seems to trigger another wave of realization, dragging him deeper into his feelings for Cas. And each time, he thinks,
“You’re talking like we’re gonna settle down or something,” Dean mumbled through a bite of toast.
“They had them as mints at a diner a few months ago, so I tried one, and I liked it. I always take a few when I can find them.”
"I didn't want to push it, but… are you going to tell me what you're dreaming about?"
He had stayed with Dean all night, watching him sleep. When Dean’s breathing was deep and steady, he wondered what the hunter dreamed of, and even felt a twinge of envy– an emotion he had experienced for the first time fairly recently– when Dean’s face seemed to relax into an expression of calm and innocence. Angels didn’t sleep; they were designed to be efficient and had no biological imperative to dream. Castiel had tried to make himself sleep before, but even in his deepest meditative state he could still feel his consciousness like an itch in his mind. He craved to be completely unaware, to be reduced to an organism fulfilling its need for rest by separating from reality, if only for a few hours.
“I tried to remove everything. But most of it was too deeply cemented. The only things I had a chance with were the things you were already trying to repress yourself.”
Sam bit the inside of his mouth to stifle his oncoming grin into an only slightly more reserved smile.
“Don’t sit up,” she insisted, “but I think I may know what can cure you.”
“And how would you say your relationship was?” Dean asked.
Dean let out an exasperated sigh.
“Yeah. I mean, I think they were well liked enough. But they were assholes, you know? They drank too much and talked shit about women, and then turned around and wondered why Nick was the only one with a girlfriend.”
Dean tried his best to summon the fires of hell and direct them all at Castiel in an enraged glare, but if he was being honest with himself, he probably looked how he felt: desperate. Regardless, he moved past Cas and grabbed the suit out of his bag, avoiding eye contact as he walked to the bathroom and slid the door shut. He heard nothing but silence outside the door as he changed, though he became vaguely aware that he was muttering to himself as he tucked his shirt in. When he was finished changing he slid the door open again and stayed facing the mirror to tie his tie, back turned to Cas.
I couldn't avoid the plot forever.
Dean had taken him shopping, about a year ago, to help him pick out said clothes, just the basics. And sure, most days, Cas still walks around in his full suit and trench coat, but sometimes having something a little less formal comes in handy. Like now.
Sam frowned. “What kind of thing?”
did not want to talk about this.
Cas tucked his FBI badge inside his suit jacket and looked up at him. “Do you want to?”
“And by ‘his friends’ you mean Rob…” Cas said.
be a wraith, they can make a few phone calls and let another team in the area handle it. Sam, Dean, and Cas usually volunteer for anything within a hundred miles, so there’s still a lot of time on the road, but Dean finds that it’s different when you have a home to go back to. There’s downtime, usually a week or so in between cases, so Dean can watch TV, cook homemade meals, reread Vonnegut novels, listen to records in his room, touch up chipped paint on the Impala. It’s just the right amount of normal, a halfway point he never knew existed.
. We thought you were dead!”
“Whatever you want to do.”
“I have a feeling that whatever you’re about to say is offensive, so I would suggest using some restraint,” Cas said sharply as they exited the elevator.
“Do you have it on you?”
Dean frowned. He let the hood slam shut, then turned towards Cas and leaned back against the car, folding his arms. “What’s up?”
Dean sighed. “No, that’s not–- I meant you made a good call with the pie, Cas. Thank you.”
“Seriously, though,” she said. “Wouldn’t you be happy for them if they were official?”
Dean glanced over at Cas, but quickly grew uncomfortable with the intense eye contact and looked back at the road.
Dean frowned. Why would he want space?
Jack joined in. “We’re all here. We’re not going to let him go.”
This seemed to sink in with Dean. He started to say something, then closed his mouth in defeat. “So if we’re in my head, then... are you real?” he finally said. “Or are you… me?”
“Just up here,” Cas says, and points off to their right. The cabin is modest, a wood structure with dark green trim, framed by white birch trees on either side. It’s only a few rooms, from the looks of it, and Dean’s grateful that Cas didn’t splurge on anything too luxurious.
Dean cleared his throat. “So… let’s say for a minute, hypothetically, that Cas has a, uh,
“You’re the one who put your life force in a damn piece of metal, you romantic asshole.”
Dean nods. He’s definitely up for a family vacation, but he’s also grateful that he gets a few days alone with Cas, so he won’t have to be paranoid about anyone hearing or seeing something they shouldn’t. “Hey, by the way, what did my mom say to you? Before she left.”
"I'm sorry, I know it must have been… But believe me, I wish to take it back even more so than you. Maybe if I still had my grace, I could…" A vicious sob tore through his body. "You don't know what it's like, to hurt someone you – " He managed to catch himself before he overstepped. "– someone who trusts you."
and each time, he’s wrong. Now he wonders how many of those moments await him this weekend.
"I hate to tell you this, Dean, but even though time is much more flexible than most humans believe it to be, it will still pass at the same rate whether you are asleep or awake."
“Look, I’m not happy with you either,” Sam said honestly, and Cas hung his head. “But Dean and I, we tend to see things a little differently. I think sometimes he forgets how new all of this is for you, and that you have… other priorities.”
“Look, man, I know this thing sounds awful, but Cas has been wanting to go ever since he heard about it, so we can’t really bail on him now.”
“Yeah, neither has he,” Dean says, and starts to feel guilty.
I smile through my tears.
Dean’s stomach twisted. Hearing Cas verbalize his pain simultaneously made him want to be close to him, to provide comfort, and made him want to disappear, or at least get far enough away that he couldn’t hurt his angel anymore. But he supposed that was just it – it was too late for that. Somewhere along the line, their bond had solidified even further, and now running away wasn’t an option. Cas could feel him wherever he went, and Cas would still feel afraid.
“Yes, but your arm’s going to be sticky now.”
The mention of the younger Winchester made Castiel feel guilty for enjoying this time alone with Dean. “Shouldn’t we be calling him, or Charlie?”
There’s a soft knock on Dean’s door, followed by Cas’ voice. “Dean?”
Tammy sat down in a chair in the living room and gestured for Dean and Cas to sit on the couch, so they did. She was a tall girl with a short haircut, and Dean tried not to think about the fact that she looked a lot like Meg Masters, only with brown hair. “I heard you were here. Rob’s mom called to tell me you were on your way over. Can I get you some coffee?”
Cas seems to pick up on his train of thought. “She’s been nothing but kind to me,” he says, and Dean knows that part is true. “So I don’t believe it bothers her, if she does know.”
“Flying has always caused ill-effects for Dean,” Cas explains.
“Feel like showering?” Cas asks. “Or would you rather I just...” His hand hovers over Dean’s knee, waiting for permission.
“But what if it’s not the right thing? What if – ”
. If Cas takes any offense to Dean’s exit, he doesn’t show it, just gets out of the car and stretches.
“What do you mean?”
Cas opens the door just enough to lean in, smiling. “Happy birthday, Dean.” Even with the smile, he says it in that serious Castiel tone, like it’s the most important sentence he’ll ever speak. He says pretty much everything that way.
“Just give him some time. Everything he thought he knew about himself is under construction.” She looked up at Sam. “Finish your crackers?”
“It’s not stupid, Dean,” Sam said. “You
“Yes…” she said. “The remains they found were so badly decomposed…” For the first time in the interview, Tammy seemed upset. “His parents and I decided it would be best. What’s the point of putting someone in a casket if they don’t even look like themselves?”
“Well, it’s like she said, she’s an adult now. I can teach her how to shoot better, and fight better, but – ”
Together, they stepped forward. As though their movement had flipped a switch, their surroundings were suddenly illuminated by fluorescent lights. They were in what looked like a hospital, in a hallway lined with commercial-grade doors.
“Aw, c’mon, I just meant for cuddling. It’s cute.” She looked borderline giddy.
“No, Dean, I meant they’re no longer effective in the case of you and I.”
“I know what you’re thinking, Dean,” Cas says. “And of course, I consider you family as well. But please try to understand that for millennia, I had another family. And over time I have grown separated from them – in part, due to my own choices. I enjoy your and Sam’s company very much. But it’s painful to know that I may never have another angel as a companion.”
“Coming out is hard,” Charlie said quietly, and Sam wondered what it was that she was remembering from her own life that could make her voice so small and sad.
“Yeah. Uh, let me get my coat. And you should probably wear another jacket on top of that, too. It’s below thirty out there.”
“Do you think I would make you a ring that couldn’t handle a little dirt, Dean? It’ll rinse right off. I promise.”
“With you? To bed?” Cas was surprised. He had thought their relationship might need to be different now that they were back in the bunker with Sam.
Dean is unsettled by the thought of Cas having this previously undisclosed habit, the thought of him having a like or a dislike that he didn’t know about. And it hits him then that he wants to have Cas memorized. He wants to collect all the peppermint candies in the world and give them to Cas so he never has to take them out of a bowl by the cash register in a seedy diner ever again. And he’s starting to piece together what that means.
Past Cas turned to face him. “He’s right, Dean. You haven’t slept, and you’re becoming irritable.”
“It’s okay, Dean.”
“Ever the optimist,” Cas said, and put his hand on Dean’s knee.
Dean pulled out of the apartment complex parking lot and onto the main road to head back to the motel. “Yeah. Didn’t see anything weird.”
“To be honest, I think it had something to do with me. We were getting pretty serious, and I don’t think his friends liked me very much. That would explain why Nick didn’t want to talk to me about it.”
“I’ve had mixed feelings.”
“I’m trying to keep you safe.”
“That’s great, Cas,” Sam said awkwardly, unsure if he was supposed to leave the room at this point. His eyes shifted to meet his brother’s, who gave him a glare to communicate that he should stay.
“Nothing, Dean. I’m fine.”
“But…?”
He puts his glass down and takes the last bite of his —
“But I thought the first two victims died elsewhere.”
“So you think that…”
“I don’t know how to wake up.” He looked at Cas, clearly hoping for direction.
“Jesus Christ, you’re nosy this morning.” Dean waited a moment, hoping his brother’s eyebrows would slide back down into their usual places, but they stayed arched in anticipation. “I don’t know. It didn’t come up.”
Cas smiled sadly. “Some of my siblings undoubtedly gave you that idea. But they had a different perspective on humanity. While they saw you as beneath us, I saw you as something entirely different. Incomparable.”
“Mmm,” came the reply.
Even though the avoidance was so typical Dean, Cas still felt a rush of disappointment. He didn’t know what he’d been expecting. “I’m sorry for wasting time. I’ll get back to work.”
“Oh my god!” she said, removing her ear protection. “You’re back!”
didn’t want to work out. But he was an abysmal liar. Cas would know if he was just making something up.
“I’ll be fine,” she says, and starts back to her room to lie down. “Thanks, guys.”
“Wait. You got
But Dean just rolled his eyes. “Hilarious. You’ve been hanging out with Sam too much.”
But Cas’ fascination soon turned to lust.
him? He hadn’t really thought Cas had the tact.
He paused as though waiting for a reaction. Dean wasn’t sure where this was going, so he could not provide one.
“I don’t know,” he says quietly.
“You know,” Dean said, obviously irritated that he had to elaborate. He lowered his voice, as if there was anyone within hearing distance. “Threesomes.”
“I still don’t think she’s dangerous. Especially not out here, in broad daylight. Let’s just go talk to her. Maybe she knows something.”
“Sam, I swear to God, if you keep gloating––”
“About you moving in here? Yeah, why not? I didn’t think you’d want to, but if it’s something you’d want to do, we can talk about it.”
“Sure. Thanks, Cas.”
“Hilarious,” Dean says, and he and Cas leave the room. That’s it. There’s no hugging (Dean’s pretty sure his hugging quota has been filled for a while), no questions, no weird comments. As they go up the stairs to the door, Cas gives him a look that says,
And yeah, I decided to make this an AU where Kevin lives because Sam tells him to go to college.
Dean continued to eye his brother with suspicion as he cut into his eggs. The yolks ran and he scraped at them with the edge of his fork. The refrigerator hummed.
“I’m in a lot of fucking pain, so if we could hurry this up…” It comes out harsher than she intends.
“That’s almost exactly what Sam said when I asked for his permission.”
“Honestly? I’d love to take a nap. Drive made me sleepy.”
Cas responded by nuzzling his head against Dean’s neck, and Dean felt a warm glow settle in his chest. Castiel had always been so reserved and awkward that it was especially endearing to see him react in such a primal way, pure emotion as a response to Dean making himself vulnerable.
“Actually, it’s for our daughter,” Cas says bluntly.
“Before you shout,” Rowena said, coming into the dungeon with Sam, “I am quite aware that this is urgent, but I had to gather a few things.”
Sam actually chuckled at that.
“No,” Cas admits. “But I
“No, Dean. That’s what you’ve been told, but you are a whole person. You are allowed to exist outside of your role as protector.”
Dean sighed. “You made a deal,” he said flatly, and sat up again. “You and Jack have been acting cagey all week.”
“Yes, but then you would’ve asked what I wanted the money for.”
Sam cleared his throat when Dean had been quiet too long. “So are you two a thing now?”
“So it wasn’t just that Nick’s friends didn’t like you. The feeling was mutual,” Cas said.
“You catch on fast,” Dean said as he put his own bag down on the other bed. He stood there awkwardly for a moment, pretending to examine the hideous trout-patterned curtains. “So, uh, you want me to change in the bathroom?” Dean immediately cringed at how juvenile the question sounded.
Cas automatically moves forward, and Dean kisses his forehead.
Cas sighed, seeming to read his mind yet again. “I’m fine, Dean.”
“Yeah, let me pull it up.” Dean grabbed his phone and looked through several text messages to find what he was looking for. “Ok, so first vic was Robert Mendez, 23, went missing last Friday after leaving Ace’s Sports Bar around one a.m., and his body was found Saturday, beaten to a pulp. His apartment was locked from the inside, and the alarm system was set and appeared to be working. Friends say no one else had keys to the place, but police are investigating it as a homicide and suspect that whoever it was knew the alarm code.”
“So do you, smartass.” He lowers his head so our foreheads are pressed together and our noses are touching. I expect him to move away fairly quickly, but he simply closes his eyes and rubs the tip of his nose against mine. “After everything you’ve been through,” he says, “the scariest thing you can think of is relationship problems?”
“I don’t think it has to be Dean who forgives you. Although, it would be a great way to mend your relationship. And for Dean to develop some communication skills.”
But this overwhelming love he felt for Dean was not pity. Castiel wanted to mend everything in Dean’s life that had ever brought him pain, but there was something much stronger– and more terrifying– beyond that. There was selfishness.
“You have nothing to apologize for. We got you out, that’s all that matters.” Still, a question burned on his tongue. He almost choked it down, but his curiosity got the better of him. “Although… right before Michael left, he said… something about going through more doors. What was in there that he wanted me to see?”
Dean raised his eyebrows. “Sounds like you weren’t so confident about me beating Michael after all.”
“I never said you were,” Sam said, holding up his hands. “I mean clearly, you like chicks. I don’t doubt it.”
“You’re probably right,” Cas says, though he still looks a bit dejected.
Dean rolled his eyes – Cas seemed to have an irritating thirst for drama– but obeyed. When they were safely pulled off in a dusty turnaround, he cut the engine. “You gonna propose?” he said sarcastically, with a little more venom in his voice than he intended.
"C'mon," Dean repeated. "Unless you want to stay here."
“Yeah,” said Tammy. “They were all dicks.”
Cas seems a bit surprised. “Really?”
The car ride was tense. Dean didn’t even bother to turn the stereo back up, which told Cas just how distracted he was. Cas held Dean’s phone in his hand the whole way, his palm getting uncharacteristically sweaty. But the phone never rang. Every half hour or so, Dean would say, “Try them again,” and Cas would, but neither Sam nor Charlie ever answered. Cas grew increasingly concerned as time went on, and couldn’t prevent horrible scenarios from running through his mind. What if there had been an assault on the bunker? What if Sam and Charlie had somehow been kidnapped by a demon, or a rogue angel, or something else? What if Sam had taken a turn for the worse and Charlie didn’t have the heart to tell Dean? Cas forced that thought down as soon as he had it. Sam would be fine. He had to be.
When they returned a few minutes later, Jack was reluctantly chewing on a protein bar. Cas still stood in the same spot, staring grimly into the ring of holy fire. Sam dragged in a small table and some extra chairs, they all sat down to wait.
“I did– ”
But of course, there was Sam, and Jack, and the rest of the world that would be in danger if Michael escaped in Dean’s body. So Cas prayed that this really was a way out. They reached the door, waist-deep in water, and Cas took Dean’s hand and held it against the bar. “You
Sam smiled as he hung up. Maybe it was a good thing that Dean had called Charlie. He never would’ve done it himself, but it would be nice to have someone there with him when – if, he tried to tell himself– things got worse. On the other hand, he didn’t want to burden her with taking care of him as he inched toward his death. He pictured Charlie running around the bunker, bringing him water, making him soup, getting wet towels for his forehead, calling Dean in a panic, and trying to find containers for him to vomit into. If Sam continued on this downward slope, Charlie wasn’t signing up for a few days of hanging out, she was signing up for a few days of torture and the possibility of watching him die. Sam just hoped she understood that.
“Told you,” Dean murmurs against Cas’ lips. “Hate it when you do that.”
What with Cas’ complete lack of ability to respond to social queues, they sometimes forgot that he was still quite observant. He looked back and forth between the two brothers questioningly. “I see you’ve also noticed my other offering.”
Dean’s expression softened slightly, and his arms dropped to his sides. “Well, hey, everybody’s alive. Just don’t ever do that again, either of you.”
“I remember now. Mom was back, there was that other world, Apocalypse World, and – ” he stopped to look up at Cas. “You died.”
Cas sighed as they started back toward the car, and Dean felt a familiar weight settle over him. The only reason they were having this argument in the first place was because Cas was trying to get him to be someone he could never be. He was definitely emotionally stunted, and he knew that, but at least he was at peace with it. He knew his place, and that was behind a gun, pointing it at creepy sons of bitches and pulling the trigger. He thought Cas loved him for that. Why did everyone want him to change? Sammy and Cas both seemed to be asking him to look for something that wasn’t there, some “other piece” of himself that he could find so that he could be a “whole person.” But as far as he was concerned, he was as close to whole as he was ever going to get, and didn’t see any use in trying to patch himself up. For Cas, he would sure as hell try, but he was sure he’d just let him down in the end. He’d just let everyone down.
“Crap,” he said, and slid his ear protection off his head to let it rest around his neck. “Were you – ”
“I know, I know. I’m just saying you need to take it easy. Let the rest of us handle this. I’ll call Dean, and then I’ll check the web for… what, demon flu?”
Cas groans and releases Dean’s right wrist, then slides his palm across Dean’s to slot their fingers together while his other hand traces Dean’s jaw. The grace-glow in his eyes subsides, and there’s a tangible shift in his demeanor as he leans down, their lips just barely brushing together. The heat is still there, just tempered as the kiss gradually deepens.
“There’s a diner down the street,” Dean said. “How about we buy you lunch? We got a lot to talk about.”
“Let’s go.”
“I rebuilt your body, Dean,” Cas murmured into his jaw, sliding his lips up to his ear in an open-mouthed kiss. “Every cell. I pieced you back together from nothing.” Dean shuddered, and while the teeth around his earlobe were certainly contributing, another part of it was the reminder of the sheer power of the being before him. “You have no reason to hide from me that which I already know so intimately.”
finger.
Michael.
This seemed to throw Sam off, and there was a brief pause as he tried to make sense of it. “You don’t even know what I was going to say.”
Sam lit the holy oil, and the flames rushed several feet into the air for a second, then settled to a few inches high.
— a case to run off on, someone to rescue, something to research, an apocalyptic scenario to circumvent. Now it’s just him and Cas, and unless some kind of lake monster emerges in the night, they’re in for a normal, relaxing weekend, a concept that Dean can’t quite comprehend. Hunting, research, even just hanging out at the bunker, he knows how all those things go, but this? Hours with nothing planned, no critical task to complete, no impending danger, and no one else around? It’s both wonderful and daunting.
“He wanted me to see how he was hurting you,” Cas said, a dark rage stirring in his chest. “I swear to you, Dean, when we find him, I will – ”
“I didn’t get to ask before I passed out,” Dean said. “Is Garth okay?”
him in his space, he just doesn’t always know how to ask. So the more initiative Cas can take, the better.
This life Dean has now, he never would’ve been able to imagine it.
“So where are we going?” Cas asked.
“I assure you, if anything of importance had occurred, I would have made sure to wake you,” Cas replied.
Jack’s eyes light up. “Maybe I can go with you.”
Sam put down two mugs of coffee and sat down across from Dean with his own plate before taking a bite of toast. He shrugged. “Just felt like doing something productive. Besides, I didn’t want you eating a bunch of that pie for breakfast.”
“Fine,” Dean said. “Have you seen him?”
“I haven’t even asked him yet, Sam. He might say no. He’ll
“Cas, how are you paying for this? Or are we just breaking into someone’s lake house while they’re away?”
Cas has been sleeping more and more now, among other human things, but otherwise he seems fine. Dean still isn’t ready to let himself feel relieved yet. He always checks to make sure Cas is still breathing when he finds him passed out in a chair in the library or sitting up in bed, an open book laying on his chest or held loosely in one hand. Cas seems convinced that if these changes were really life threatening, he would have felt unwell by now. All logic aside, Dean spends a lot of time worrying, and hovering, and making Cas drink more water than is probably necessary.
“Not if they’re in the bunker,” Dean said, his jaw tight. “GPS signals are blocked.”
“Dean? Are you all right?”
Dean seemed to sense the change, and broke away. “What? Do you not – ”
“Hello, Dean.”
“I think this is usually when we would kiss,” Cas says, “but you’re driving, and I think it would be unsafe to multitask.”
“Even if it did take us to Apocalypse World,” Cas posited, “it couldn’t be the real thing. We’re in your mind. It would just be your interpretation, a memory.”
“I’ve turned you into a sap,” Cas says.
“Hey, Cas, it’s fine. I’m, uh, flattered. If you’re jealous, that just means you think I’m freakin’ awesome. I’m okay with that. Just don’t spontaneously combust or anything on me.”
Sam was thinking of a good way to get the conversation back on track when they both heard the somewhat muffled sound of wings. They looked at each other for a brief moment, then got up and opened the door. They walked the length of the hallway with matching strides, exchanging a concerned look when the sound of wings came again, and this time faded. They reached the main room and were instantly hit with the pleasant smell of baked goods.
Dean turns and looks at Cas. It’s probably dangerous for him to be looking away from the road for that long, but he doesn’t even care. He just needs to see Cas’ face, to make sure this is real. Cas’ eyebrows are slightly raised, as if he’s waiting for some sort of response. Dean finds his gaze lingering on Cas’ slightly messy hair, his chapped lips, his stubble that always seems to stay the same exact length. The staring does not go unnoticed.
Dean looked at the floor.
“Well, yeah, that’s the idea.”
Dean shook his head. “Maybe this is it, Cas. Maybe after everything, after all you did for us and everyone we lost, this is just how it’s gonna be. Me and Michael, just like he wanted. Even if it isn’t the same version of him.”
A part of Sam wanted to tell her to forget it, that she didn’t even know the right places to look for the info they needed, that he had already looked a thousand times and hadn’t found anything. But he could already feel the tide coming in again. His eyelids fluttered, his energy drained from his excursion to the front door and the effort it took to eat, and though he was still hot and sweaty from his fever, the weight of the blankets against his body was nice.
Castiel picked up the bill and put it in his coat pocket, but his expression remained the same. “Before I go, Sam, can I ask one more question?”
He was right. Dean didn’t want to leave him alone. He wanted to be by his side, with all the weapons in the Impala’s trunk well within reach in case this
not ready for that. At most, their casual touches – Cas’ reassuring pat on Dean’s shoulder, Dean’s hand on Cas’ back to let him know he’s passing behind him – linger a tiny bit longer. Sam brazenly stares at them sometimes, as if he’s hoping to gather more evidence. But overall, his reaction has been about as understated as Dean could’ve hoped for.
“Yes I do. So you can drop it.”
“I’m not exactly a chef, but something tells me you’re not going to ask for a gourmet meal in this condition anyway. How about crackers? Can we do crackers?”
“I know,” Sam says, doing that annoying face he does when he thinks Dean’s being oblivious. “So you two should go. Bring me back some peppermint bark.”
“You really don’t want to know.”
“We’ll call you if we find something,” Jack adds.
“SAM? SAMMY?” Dean rushed down the stairs with Cas right behind him. “CHARLIE?” There was no answer, but there was a bang from somewhere in the bunker that sounded like a gunshot. They shared an anxious glance and rushed down the hall.
Dean gave her his card, and he and Cas left.
A rift. The same pulsing, glowing fissure in reality that had led to and from the other world.
“I know. But now I realize that it wasn’t necessarily about getting my grace back, per se.”
“Dean, I am aware that you have been intimate with a number of women. Anything you may have contracted – ”
“Anyway,” Cas said, “what were you going to tell me?”
“And you of all people know how hard it is to do things for yourself when everyone else is telling you it’s the wrong thing. Just think, he might end up going to college because you told him it was alright to do something he wants to do.”
“Sam said you almost killed yourself trying to force Michael down. That’s more than moral support.”
“If your grace can’t get past it,” said Jack, “then how do you know a spell can?”
A faint smile forms on Cas’ lips. “An angel rebels against all of heaven for you, and you never think it might be more than just camaraderie?”
“No. Definitely not. He’d never see something like this coming. Oh my god. I’m so happy for you guys.”
The normally four hour drive back to the bunker took a little over three hours, thanks to Sam’s reckless speeding. As soon as the car was in park, Cas got out and carefully lifted Dean from the back seat. He could feel his grace straining to assist, but so much had drained away just from pushing Michael down that he found himself lifting Dean primarily through his own physical effort. Jack spoke up for the first time in two hours. “Garth,” he said blankly. They had forgotten.
Denial flooded Dean’s system. He turned away to be sure Cas couldn’t read his expression, even in the dim glow from the streetlight. “That would be dumb. You’re an angel. You don’t need me to protect you.”
“Did you notice anything strange in the past week or so, besides the disappearances themselves?”
“If there had been a dark magic cure, we would have come across it in our research. Maybe his body is simply recovering on its own.”
“Nick? Not Rob, or Daniel, or Leo?”
“Dean,” is the only word I can choke out, because suddenly I am crying. It feels so ridiculously good to be human, to be standing in a kitchen at three in the morning, to taste peanut butter, to feel tired and vulnerable and
Cas nodded. Of course they would help Garth. But Dean was their first priority.
Rowena emptied the vial of grace into her bowl, and a wisp of white smoke spiraled into the air. “Have a seat,” she said to Cas, and gestured to one of the chairs Sam had dragged in earlier. “You might feel a bit woozy, and you may black out once your consciousness passes into Dean’s mind.”
Dean groaned and slid out of bed. His back cracked as he stood up, and he winced. He was too young for this. He was technically in great shape, what with the whole constantly running and fighting for his life thing, but recently he could feel his body aging prematurely from years of stress and abuse. Cas said he had to rebuild Dean completely after pulling him out of the pit, but Dean often wondered if his decades in hell somehow still affected him physically. He never told Sammy, but sometimes on hunts he would feel his joints grinding together and have to slow down. Now certainly wasn’t the time to bring it up, because Sam had his own problems. Besides, he would probably give Dean another lecture on the benefits of healthy eating habits.
“I’m legal now,” she reminds him.
“Oh. Well, they must be there,” Cas thought aloud. “Where else could they be?”
“Why don’t you just give me the bottle?”
One bacon cheeseburger and several baskets of bottomless fries later (all for Dean, of course), they decided it was time to check the outside of the building. Dean said this was looking less and less like a vengeful spirit case – unless this particular spirit was a neat freak, it would be weird for it to not leave any ectoplasm behind at all – but they figured they’d check outside for black goo just in case.
Dean’s expression made it very clear that he did not like to be bossed around by his little brother, but he sat down anyway, and set the rose back on the table.
Dean clears his throat, like that’ll erase how pathetic he just sounded a moment ago. “I’d feel better about it. You know, just in case. There are always psychos out there.”
“Okay. Jesus. Just trying to make conversation.”
Cas tilted his head. “By what?”
“I’ve had those. They’re overrated.” The words left a sting in his mouth as he thought of Lisa. His signature attitude about relationships had been a lie ever since her, and maybe Sam knew that, but he went along with the act anyway.
“Well, thanks, I guess,” Dean says. He knows there’s quite possibly something else that Cas isn’t telling him, but he starts the car anyway, trying to ease some of the tension. If anything, the tension is only worse by the time they’re out of the parking lot and back on the highway, so Dean tries something else. “Look, man, I don’t want you to think that I’m freaked out by whatever that girl thought, or whatever people are gonna think. Who cares, right?”
many problems. Because with women? No problem. But with a dude? Things got complicated. Cas wasn’t just some dude, but whatever sexual intimacy they would end up moving towards would be decidedly… well, gay. And how could Dean tell Cas that it wasn’t really the
“It would make me very happy. Thank you, Dean.”
“They’ve both won against archangels now?” Rowena said. She waved a hand over her spell bowl, and the slimy contents vanished.
To his surprise, Cas responds with a small smile. “In a way, it was. My grace, the very essence of me, had been taken away from me without my consent, and had the potential to be used for unsavory things – ”
?” Cas looks as if someone’s just told him that his entire existence has been a giant hallucination.
They both smile, because they both know what Dean’s going to say. He says it anyway. “I’ll put it on your tab.” It’s an inside joke between them, his go-to facetious response when Cas thanks him. Cas is smart enough to know what it really means.
Dean’s jaw clenched. “As if you haven’t beat the shit out of me before.”
“You stay here,” Dean says. “Lie down. We’ll go get what you need. Actually, you know what? We have painkillers here, so I’ll go get those now. It’s tampons you want from the store, I’m guessing?”
Cas broke away from the kiss, seeming to sense that Dean’s mind was elsewhere. “Is something wrong?”
This was not the first time Dean had to be restrained as a safety measure – far from it – and Cas knew he would understand. Still, there was something so crude about the cable ties, especially when he knew Dean was in there, probably drowning in pain and fear. Cas rose to his feet and placed two fingers against Dean’s neck to find a rapid, pounding pulse. Cas gently lifted one of Dean’s eyelids, terrified that he would see grace burning beneath. Instead he saw a dilated pupil, so large that it almost filled the entire iris. The other eye was the same. Cas lifted his hand to Dean’s temple and tried to get into Dean’s mind, to catch a glimpse of him, or even Michael. But he only found a dark, impenetrable fog. Cas couldn’t tell if it was due to Michael, or his own drained grace.
“How did they even find out? I mean, I couldn’t even tell. She looks like a girl.”
“I don’t know. It just feels worse to me when he pulls shit like this. I guess I feel like I’m supposed to be important to him, you know?” When Sam didn’t respond quickly enough, Dean seemed to rethink his words. “Never mind. That’s stupid. He has a whole heaven full of angel-douches to worry about.”
When Castiel opened his eyes, he was floating on his back. The sky was cloudless, clear, and blue. The sun overhead told him it must be about midday. Cas righted himself in the water, kicking his feet, and made a full turn to get his bearings. He was in a lake, the shores on all sides lined with evergreens. He swam for the closest bank, and pulled himself up onto the rocky shore. Once he rose from the water, he found that his clothes had dried instantly. He checked the inside of his trenchcoat. He still had his angel blade, but clearly the rules of reality were different here. Even if he came across Michael in a physical form, his blade might not be effective. He looked around, then trudged into the woods.
Dean let out a small “Hm.” He would never admit it, but the thought of Cas being tied to him – in a way that was inexplicable even by angel standards – made it difficult for him to conceal his pride. He could feel a grin rising to his lips, so he settled for a smirk instead.
“Let us go, you son of a bitch!” Dean shouted.
“There are other hunters out there, Dean. Locking up all the demons would save so many lives already– ”
“No, it’s not,” Dean said, but all the usual forcefulness and certainty was gone from his voice. “What’s he playing at?” He cleared his throat and threw his shoulders back as if to jolt the masculinity back into his system. “I mean, does he really think that he can just give me some pie and everything will be fine?”
Charlie and Sam made a list of everything he was feeling guilty for. Sam couldn’t even sit up enough to hold a pen and a pad of paper, so Charlie sat in the chair across from his bed and wrote things down as he talked. She had bookmarked pages in the
Sam’s face lights up. “Oh my god. You’re going to do it, aren’t you?”
Dean's room was a mess, to say the least, but Castiel couldn't bring himself to care as Dean pulled him into bed. The mattress wasn't perfect, though it was admittedly much better than the lumpy couch, and Castiel's muscles relaxed in relief. The sheets were cold, but to Castiel's surprise, Dean pulled their bodies together so that one of his arms was tucked under Castiel's head and the other was draped over his side. Dean's chest was pressed to Castiel's back, and Castiel shuddered as Dean nuzzled into his hair.
“Okay, so maybe it’s threatening them?”
“No. That’s not how this works. We’re not running on a quota. You’re really prepared to say we’ve done enough?”
Dean is tempted to point out that technically he hasn’t
So Cas is falling all over again, in whatever bizarre, gradual way it’s happening now. And Dean hates himself for the thought he has next, that if Cas becomes human again, he can’t just fly off. He can’t decide that he’d rather be in heaven. He’ll
“Not while I’m in this condition. Besides, as Sam said, it’s safer to keep moving.”
“More than Dean. But it’s not a hobby.”
“This may or may not be relevant to the case,” Cas said, “but Tammy was incorrectly gendered at birth.”
I scoff. “I’m no longer an angel, Dean. The sin would be equivalent to infidelity to any other person.”
The worst thing about sleeping was the nightmares, horrifically vivid replays of what he did to the Dean-copies in heaven and to the real Dean in the crypt that left him thrashing and whimpering where he slept on the couch in the bunker. Several nights in a row, Dean had shaken him awake, his eyebrows pulled together in concern, squinting in the harsh yellow light of the lamp he had turned on. "Cas, buddy," Dean had said, his voice even more gravel than usual from grogginess. "Wake up. You're having a nightmare."
“It’s nothing you can help me with,” he says.
books where she thought there might be guilt, and brought up those situations if Sam didn’t bring them up himself. After two hours, they had filled up seven pages with things Sam needed to forgive himself for.
Double busted. “Cas, I – ”
Castiel stood in a field in Montana, a cool breeze sweeping through the grass and making it ripple around his shoes. His view of the mountains was partially obstructed by the trees at their foundation, a forest spotted with wildflowers and moss. A small herd of deer grazed a few hundred yards away, unconcerned with his presence.
Castiel finished it for him. “Of losing Dean.” He looked at the floor. “What do people do when they are anxious?”
“It’s okay, Cas. You’re a Winchester. We fuck up. It’s what we do.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, “but what I’m trying to say is, that’s not just some temporary thing. You’re family. You don’t have to say you’re ‘staying with us.’ It’s your home, too. I mean, if you want.”
Jack turned back to Cas. “Michael’s still out there,” he said. “What do we do now?”
"Thanks, Dean." He paused, thinking of all the times angels had referred to humans as insignificant, prosaic organisms, and how wrong they were. "Being human is hard," he said after a few moments. "I'm sorry you're not given enough credit for it."
, he and Sam, Cas’ family? Apparently not.
“If you would like, I can stop” – he held up finger quotes – “‘teleporting’ and call you instead. You can give me your location if you choose and I can just meet with you that way.”
“Well, you’re the one who broke the world. You pick up the slack.”
“Try living it,” Sam said, rubbing his eyes.
In the store, Cas is perplexed by the sheer number of products that all seem to have similar functions, but also promise different things.
“You cheated on me,” I say, and busy myself with studying the grout in the backsplash.
For several minutes, Cas read the same passage over and over again, not even attempting to translate it or write it down. He didn’t know how or when he had become this way. He was a soldier. A warrior. Sometimes things happened on the battlefield, he knew that. That did not excuse grudges against comrades in times of conflict.
When Charlie arrived, Sam had to stumble out of his room to turn off the alarms and open the door, and by the time she was inside with her suitcase and a few grocery bags, the room was spinning and Sam was sure he was going to pass out.
“And you think that’s who’s killing people?”
Falling wasn't easy. There wasn't any one thing Castiel could name that was hardest to adjust to, because it was all equally confusing and unsettling. Sam had once asked what it was like, and Castiel had told him to imagine waking up one day to find that from that point forward, you would always have to tell your body to breathe; your brain wouldn't do it for you anymore. And then he had said to imagine that you have to relearn everything you know about moving and speaking and just about everything else – all while remembering to breathe. Of course, in reality, falling was much more complicated than that.
“Fifteen.”
“There are welding supplies in the garage. I fused it to the metal.”
Sam stared at the table and thumbed the handle of his coffee mug.
“Well, I did some research on the trials you were doing. And for the last one, you had to confess your sins, right?”
Sam turned around to hand Dean a plate of bacon with paper towels in between layers to soak up the extra grease. Dean grinned and started on his first piece. Sam shook his head and turned back to the stove.
“Pressured you into dealing with this, whatever this is. I know it’s not a good time.”
Cas strides over to the bed and looks down at Dean, who finds himself feeling self-conscious – his hair is undoubtedly sticking up at odd angles, he hasn’t brushed his teeth, and for all he knows he could have drool on his face. But Cas just looks at him the same way he always does, and leans down to press a kiss against his forehead. Dean’s cheeks get hot. Even after all this time, he still feels awkward about Cas treating him with such tenderness.
“I like it that way,” I say, and shrug. “You got some on your face, though.”
“Dean. The gender of the person in question is irrelevant. I felt betrayed.”
Cas pushed the door open all the way, stepped inside, and closed it behind him. Dean lowered the volume of the TV to almost zero, and the laugh track of the sitcom he had been watching faded. He patted the other side of the bed, and Cas sat down. “How are you feeling, Dean?”
“Sex? The point of a relationship? Not in the slightest. At least, not for me. I suppose it could be the fact that I’m not human, but quite honestly, I could spend the rest of my existence in your company and be perfectly happy with just that.”
“You’re pretty good at brooding. Shouldn’t be too hard for you.”
“Doesn’t seem like Dean to leave you like this. And can’t Cas just heal you up or something?”
“Okay,” he manages to get out. “So are you alright?”
“Dean Winchester, you are not ‘damaged goods.’ I’ve known about what you went through in hell since the moment I raised you from perdition. And that knowledge did nothing to shape the way I see you, except perhaps for forcing me to know you more intimately than you would have consented to. I would have rather allowed you the opportunity to share those experiences with me if and when you were ready, but in order to save you, I had to hold your soul inside my grace. There was no way I could have avoided learning everything I learned about you in that moment. I’m sorry for the way that it happened, sorry that you couldn’t be afforded any agency at the time, but I’m not sorry for knowing you. For knowing your soul.”
“I’m not sure if it’s that simple, Dean. He’ll probably try to stay, to destroy any perceived threats to Tammy.”
Dean’s body stilled, then straightened up, suddenly inhabited by Michael’s posture. “You know, it’s too bad,” he said. His voice was Dean’s, and yet so much colder. “If only you’d had the time to go through a few more of those doors...”
Tammy sighed and stared straight ahead, out the windshield. “You guys aren’t cops. Or FBI agents, or whatever. You can’t be.”
Cas turns around to look at him. “I just want to experience Christmas the way humans experience it. And I think part of that means enjoying the festivities with loved ones.”
“It’s my bad,” said Charlie, stepping between Dean and Sam. “I should’ve texted you when he started feeling better, but we were just so excited, and then we made grilled cheese, and then we wanted to have target practice, and I should’ve texted you first, but I forgot, and then we must’ve left our phones in the kitchen.” All of this came out in a rush, without any pauses. “I’m sorry, you guys,” she added.
“I’m sorry if I made you uncomfortable, Dean.”
“I know. I’m currently staying in the bunker with you.”
“We’d be interested in any information you have about them as well,” Cas said. “But we’d like to start with Nick. We feel his case may be related to the recent homicides.”
“Nothing, it’s just… Do you think they got a motel room with one bed?”
There’s a long pause. Cas is looking at his hands where they’re folded in his lap. “And that would bother you,” he says. “If people thought that.”
“We can watch some holiday classics. You need to see
When Dean finally spills into Cas’ hand, Cas murmurs incoherent praise against his shoulder and follows a moment later. They collapse into each other, and Dean doesn’t loosen his vice grip on Cas’ arm until their breathing slows. He runs his fingers along the indents in Cas’ skin where he dug in his nails. “Sorry,” he mutters.
Dean took Cas’ hand again, and used his other hand to turn the doorknob. The door swung open, and they were pulled through, leaving Benny and their past selves behind.
They sat down in a corner, at a booth with a dark oak table and maroon seats. The décor was definitely vintage, bordering on creepy. By the looks of the place, combined with the location, Dean wouldn’t have been surprised if it was a popular spot for hunters. Clearly that wasn’t the case, however, as there was still a killer on the loose. If there were other hunters here, they would be climbing over each other to be the hero. The bar would be full of fake badges and unregistered firearms. But it seemed quiet, just a few middle-aged dudes watching baseball and feeding their alcoholism. Nothing out of the ordinary.
Dean shook his head. “Enough people get dragged into this life. If she wakes up one day and decides she wants to be a hunter, she has my number. But I didn’t want it to be my idea. It has to be hers.”
Sam cleared his throat and leaned forward, genuinely concerned. “Why do you think that?”
Castiel wants to ask for Sam’s permission first. He knows it’s silly, but he’s grown so fond of human traditions, and since he is now so close to being human himself, he figures he might as well have the full experience. Ordinarily, it would be the parents that one would ask, but seeing as Sam is the only family Dean has left, he seems a suitable choice. So one evening while Dean is in the bunker’s garage working on the Impala, Cas asks Sam if they can talk. They sit at the table with a couple of beers, Sam looking concerned.
Sam still looked utterly hopeless, but he said, “I’m here, Dean.”
At the end of a short hallway they find the master bedroom, which shares the same vintage feel as the rest of the house — wood paneling, earthy tones, and a floral bedspread not unlike those Dean is accustomed to seeing in motels. He heads over to the bed and presses his hand into the mattress, hoping for memory foam. No such luck. But the bed seems like it will be reasonably comfortable anyway, and much bigger than his bed at the bunker.
Dean was startled to realize that Cas had followed him into the bathroom.
“No, come on. You’ve barely said anything for the past few days.”
Dean laughs, though his heart flutters from the thought of Cas working (that term used loosely, but still) just to afford something for him. “Shoulda let me teach you. You’d be a lot better.”
“In this context, I’ll take that to be a term of endearment. Now, should we go get some work done?”
“She didn’t say it when you asked her, but she thinks the fight Nick had with his friends was because one of them may have found out about her and told the others. And they probably didn’t approve of the relationship for that reason.”
“Listen, Hero Complex,” she said with a smile. “You’ve saved a lot of people. Now you get to shut up and let me save you.” She paused, brushing some sweaty hair off Sam’s forehead. Even in his weakened state, he was touched by the gesture, which was soft and maternal in a way he couldn’t remember having ever experienced.
“…Danny, and Leo, yes,” she continued. “They used to go out drinking every Saturday, but they didn’t go for a few weekends. Nick seemed pretty bothered about it. They were actually supposed to go on that trip with him. When they dropped out, he said he wanted to go by himself. I knew it was a bad idea.”
“Yeah, totally kidding about that last one. But the other stuff’s true. I’ll see you in a couple hours, okay?”
“Hold on, hold on. Are you trying to say I kissed you because I was emotionally compromised or some bullshit like that?” Dean kept a half smile on his face, even though he was a little hurt by what he thought Cas was getting at.
“We wait for Rowena,” Cas said. “And hope Michael doesn’t wake up.”
“Arbitrarily masculine?” He smiled. “You have a very attractive physique. Many people would find you to be a suitable mate, especially based on the size and strength of your arms.”
Cas smiles. “Thank you, Dean.”
“Dean,” Cas said, and it was a statement all in itself. It did not ask for his attention, it demanded it. Dean looked up nervously, and the blood surged through his body, maybe because he was uncomfortable, or maybe for reasons he was much too afraid to consider. “You are a good man. I trust no one’s judgment more than yours.” Dean scoffed at this, but Cas ignored him. “I look to you for insight into human reasoning, because it is often arbitrary. For instance, I know that I am obligated to say ‘no offense’ after making such a statement about your species, even though I am certain that you are aware of its validity. This does not make sense to me, but as I am spending time in your company it would seem impolite to disregard it.”
“That bad, huh?”
Sam raised his eyebrows. “I know.”
He waited for his vision to adjust and looked at his watch, which had left angry marks on his wrist from digging into his skin as he slept. It was ten-thirty already. That was one of the many irritating things about the bunker; it was impossible to tell what time it was because there were no windows. He could hear the sound of clattering dishes from the kitchen. Sam had gotten into the habit of making breakfast when he felt up to it, and clearly he felt okay this morning, as he was whistling, too.
After a while, Cas smiles slightly, dialing back the intensity. “What are you thinking about?”
“Sometimes, I see Nick,” Tammy said. “And I know you’re probably thinking it’s just grief, but it’s not. If it was grief making me see him, wouldn’t he talk to me? Wouldn’t he touch me? Wouldn’t my hallucinations actually make me happy, if they were hallucinations?”
“They don’t know how bad it is. I didn’t even realize how bad it is. And Cas can’t heal this. It’s really dark stuff, Charlie. Above his pay grade.”
Dean’s face contorted into something close to disgust. “No, I don’t do that, man. I tried that kind of thing before, and it wasn’t for me.”
Dean sighed. “Fine, no touching in public while we’re working.”
,” I say. “Everything.”
“I don’t know, like reciting poetry or doing calculus or some shit like that.”
Castiel took a deep breath and attempted to clear his mind. He had a feeling it would be even more difficult to control himself around Dean now that he knew their affection was mutual. He had already caught himself several times formulating a plan to get Sam out of the bunker for a few hours, just so they could get some time alone. He had never struggled so much with self-control. Angels were soldiers created by God. They weren’t created to have needs. Needs would get in the way.
She got up and left the room, and came back with a sleeve of soda crackers. “You’re going to eat two of these now, and see how you feel,” she said, handing them to Sam and sitting down on the bed. “I think I already know the answer to this,” she said, “but why aren’t we taking you to the hospital?”
Cas shrugs and avoids eye contact.
Dean nods and heads down the hallway. He comes back a moment later with a couple of pills. “You can take these now, and I’ll give you more when we get back.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“They would be the most poorly behaved children ever,” Charlie said, breaking out into laughter. “Apocalypse 2.0!”
“Maybe because two guys he was close friends with just turned up dead, and another one’s missing?” Dean offered.
“Yeah, okay, so before that. When you zapped me into that alley. When you thought I was gonna say yes to Michael.”
“He gave us a look.” Dean opened the trunk of the Impala and pulled out two hockey bags filled with everything they would need for their first visit to the bar. He handed the lighter bag to Cas.
Cas sighs. “I used to want to go back to heaven. Now I think maybe I wouldn’t belong there anymore.”
Dean stares at the linoleum floor, certain that he’s forgotten how to breathe.
“Why – ” Claire starts.
Once they were all packed up and back on highway 80, Dean took out his cell to call Charlie.
Dean nodded.
“Spend enough time around women and you’ll learn to recognize certain things,” he replies simply. Lisa had an irregular cycle and terrible cramps, and Dean has done runs like this a few times before. That’s the full answer. But he doesn’t want to talk about Lisa, and certainly not with Cas.
“I know, Dean,” I say, though, perhaps aided by my dream, my mind can still manufacture scenarios in which it would.
it, all of it. These words weren’t manufactured for the moment. They were sincere on a scale that Dean had never experienced, and his soul seemed to cave in under their weight. Cas, of course, paused to ask if he was okay. Dean just kissed him, hard, and that must have been answer enough for Cas, because he resumed the gentle rocking of his hips and kissed him back.
“We have ingredients here,” Cas said bitterly. “This bunker houses perhaps the most exhaustive collection of – ”
Cas seemed to be picking up on Dean’s internal monologue, because he tilted his head and did the thing where he squinted his eyes a little. Dean sometimes wondered if Cas had any idea how exaggerated and easy to read his body language was. The squinting thing looked ridiculous, but even Dean had to admit that head tilting was kind of adorable.
He got permission from Tammy to search her house (just procedure, he assured her) and left Cas to stay with her and ask some follow-up questions. Dean did a thorough search of common places for hex bags and other witchy things, just in case, but didn’t find anything out of the ordinary. No cat skulls. No sage, no infant femurs, no giant books written in Latin and bound in human skin. No ectoplasm, either. No sulfur. No human remains in the refrigerator (and only one pack of ground beef – not enough to satisfy a transforming rugaru). Tammy didn’t seem to be anything more than Nick’s girlfriend.
The fact that Cas is still enthusiastically hugging him has Dean feeling even more bold, so he presses a kiss to Cas’s temple. Cas pulls back with a surprised, but not displeased, expression, and pulls Dean's hands into his own. “I don’t have anything for you,” he says.
me, the one who had never tasted a double bacon cheeseburger or listened to
There was a pause, and when Dean seemed to realize that everyone was deep in thought about his words, he abruptly changed the subject. “So what happened, Sam, did you just magically get better?”
But if he
Although his wings could not take their true physical form here on earth, when he was alone he allowed them to manifest in their smaller size, invisible to humans, so he could stretch them. Wings to angels were like limbs, and his were stiff and sore from being tucked against his back for hours, sometimes days at a time. Flying was not strenuous; the exercise felt pleasant, but now as he extended his wings further he felt them tighten uncomfortably. He spread them out so the sun could warm them, and the feathers absorbed enough heat to soothe his aching muscles.
Once their footsteps faded, Dean and Cas sat in silence for a few moments, the florescent lights humming above them. It was not an uncomfortable silence, and Cas felt no immediate desire to break it. He found himself overcome with appreciation for so many things... Sam was alright. Dean seemed to be mostly alright now, too, though Cas could still see the weight of the past few hours in his body language. He looked tired. Even after countless years of being sleep deprived, stressed, and burdened with unimaginable responsibilities, only the possibility of losing Sam could reveal just how exhausted Dean really was.
Cas gets up. Dean’s heart hammers in his chest, and he swears that time slows down exponentially with every step Cas takes towards him. Finally they’re hugging, like they haven’t hugged in a long time, and Dean doesn’t force himself to pull away like he normally does. And he’s afraid that Cas will pull away, but he doesn’t.
This chapter gets a little angsty. Because let's face it, this is Dean we're dealing with.
“It’s okay, Dean. We can talk about it when you’re ready.”
father ever.”
“Cas, buddy, I’m sorry I yelled. Things are just really crazy right now.” As Dean spoke, Castiel finally looked up from the floor and met his eyes. He had to stop himself from looking away from the intensity that the angel always managed to convey with his eye contact.
“Besides,” Dean continued, “you did enough already. You’re the one who fished me out of there. Still don’t know how you did it.”
Or maybe it wasn’t physical intimacy Cas had been afraid of in the first place. Maybe that was just one of
“We’re not in high school, Sam. So no, he didn’t ask me to go steady. Why does it matter to you anyway?”
“You give some weird compliments, dude.”
“So you don’t… you know… like her back?” Dean knows he sounds like a fourteen-year-old. He also doesn’t care. He’s just sick of not knowing, of the question hanging over his head.
“Don’t sweat it. Most guys don’t. And as far as being Claire’s surrogate dad goes, you’re doing great. You know she keeps that stupid cat thing you gave her on her bed, right?”
“Yeah, and from what I hear, there’s a reason for that. So here.” Dean picks up a box of regular tampons and hands them to Cas.
Sam, who still held Cas by the arm, seemed to have already lost hope entirely. He watched his brother with an expression that spoke more of mourning than suspense. Rowena continued her spellwork, but Cas could see that she, too, was losing confidence. Her voice wavered, her hands were unsteady. Jack looked at Michael with as much contempt as Cas had ever seen from him. “Let him go,” Jack said, and Michael laughed.
“It’s alright,” Cas said. “Good morning, Dean.”
Dean took a deep breath. “In hell,” he began, “a lot of shit happened. I don’t remember a lot of it. But some of it I do. And one of the weapons they used against me was… they did things to me that were…” He could barely get the words out. “I never did it to anyone else. I couldn’t. It was the only thing I couldn’t do.”
“It’s okay, I have my angel blade.” Again, he didn’t know for a fact that it would work if they came upon a threat, but he was desperate to provide Dean with some sort of reassurance, to keep him calm. “Think of the bunker. You’re there now. Your body, I mean.”
“Do you think I should do it now?” he asks.
The ghost of a smile appeared on Cas’ lips. “Your coping methods are a little unorthodox,” he said softly.
“You know, Hannah wasn’t that great.” The words seem to come out before Dean can even put them together in his head. “She asked you to give up your army, remember? And to kill me.”
“Yeah. He’ll probably start acting all passive aggressive and saying, ‘No, everything’s fine,’ in that I’m Dean And I’m Angry voice, and then he’ll storm off or something.”
Castiel blinked at Dean, wondering if he was misunderstanding the question. “I’ve been watching the bar.”
“You haven’t eaten anything in, what, 36 hours? You have to eat something.”
“Great,” Dean said. “More doors.” Cas could tell he was losing hope.
No. He would not think about those things.
giggling, hypothetically of course, he knew Cas would love him just the same.
“You don’t like that I have emotions. You don’t like that I care for you, because it can be inconvenient for you at times.”
“How’d you find this place?” Dean asks. He’s curious to know, but he’s also sidestepping the sappy moment they just had.
“No,” he repeats, as if that will help his case. He looks down at the table, studying the patterns in the wood.
They parked the Impala in the alleyway, and for a few hours they just sat there, staring at the empty lot behind the bar. Occasionally, an employee would step outside for a cigarette, or to toss a bag of garbage into the dumpster, but no one looked suspicious. Dean fell asleep around nine o’clock, probably from boredom, and Castiel was content with listening to his slow, even breathing.
“What now?” said Jack.
Cas hands her a glass of water that seems to have appeared out of nowhere. She takes it and smiles a thank-you before downing both pills.
It’s a little gross, to be honest. They’re like dads to her, in a way, so she really doesn’t want to stick around to hear what’s going to happen next. But as she heads back to her room she can’t help thinking,
“The correct term is STI. It is common to have an infection without having a disease. There is a difference. STD is a rather outdated term.”
Super short chapter this time, sorry! But I'm already working on the next one, and I promise I'll try to be better about updating. Thank you so much for sticking with me.
“What?”
Dean laughs along with everyone else, but also feels a familiar vertigo – Cas is
“You and Cas seem good,” Sam had said, clearly trying for casual.
“Nah,” Dean said, and set the remote down on his nightstand. Cas hoped he wasn’t mistaken, but he took this as an invitation to stay a while. He kicked his shoes off and mirrored Dean’s position, leaning back against the wooden headboard.
“Yeah,” he says. “Yeah, sorry, I was just… It looks perfect.”
giggling.
“Wait a second, how’d you find me?”
“Yes. Where are we?”
“Alright,” Dean said, indicating for Sam to sit on the bed beside him. “You might as well be comfortable for your own lecture.”
“Absolutely not. I couldn’t risk making you remember, if you hadn’t already.”
He looked down, avoiding eye contact at all costs. He couldn’t look at that angled jaw and the dark stubble that grew there, couldn’t wonder what it would feel like rubbing against his face, his neck, his thigh.
“You don’t think someone killed Nick, do you? It was an accident. He fell.”
Castiel’s eyebrows knitted together. “That is not what I said.”
“He wasn’t really himself those last few days,” Tammy said, and Dean and Cas gave each other a meaningful look. “He wasn’t scared, just upset. He had been fighting with his friends over something, and he wouldn’t talk to me about it. That wasn’t like him.”
Cas scoffs. “I think you find your brother far more boring than I do, Dean.”
“Cas, I thought we talked about the staring contests.”
Sam slid a plate over to Dean with two eggs and a piece of toast, already buttered. Dean raised his eyebrows. “What’s the occasion, Suzy Homemaker?”
Dean smirks. “It doesn’t seem like you
“What do you want me to do, apologize? Apologize for fucking up like I always do? Look, at this point, my life is just one big apology, okay? I didn’t think I needed to tell you that I didn’t mean for things to turn out like this.”
“Alright, so tomorrow we go back to the bar, and the victims' families again if we have to, and find out who has something of Nick’s lying around. Then we burn it, and Nick gets to rest. And we can get back to Sammy.”
Cas finally seems to realize what’s happening, and stands up. “I’ll come with you to the store, Dean. It’s important that I know what to get in case this happens again.”
“Yeah. And to be honest, I’m not sure if this is a case at all. I mean, maybe it’s just your run-of-the-mill serial killer. That would account for the similarities between the victims. I say if nothing goes down in the next couple of nights, we skip town, get back to Sammy.”
