"Your sister.  Is
Steve just got water. Then he turned back to the mass of omegas and felt lost all over again.
, against all expectations, come home to him.
There was no need to get dressed in anything. Steve led him into the master bedroom, sat down on the mattress, and held out a hand to Tony. "Do you want me to take your mind off it?"
"Fuck you, Anthony!"
"Thank you. Goddammit, Steve. This is a shit storm..." This was probably the most human Steve had ever heard Phil. It was unsettling. "Did you at least find him?"
.  That's how it's
Steve thought back to his first ever bond. He'd gotten a fever a few days later but it was winter and fevers were normal for him. Bucky had still convinced himself that it was his fault, however. That this was his doing because of the bond...Steve had thought he was stupid for thinking so, but maybe now he'd been right. Maybe because they'd never had sex his body had tried to push it away. But he'd been so weak back then- there was no way he could have gotten rid of it. The fever had been bad, but not the worst. Steve hadn't nearly died or anything, which was good for him back then.
"No, I kind of assumed that.  I just got a call from the Department of Defense that there's been an explosion in Malibu.  I'm guessing that was you," said Fury, sounding irritated.  "You need to go track him down.  We just had our med staff run some numbers.  We can alleviate his symptoms, temporarily, but in the long run, if he doesn't fix that thing in his chest..."  He let the words linger.  "You need to go find him.  I've got Agents Romanoff, Barton, and Coulson with me; we're on our way now.  With treatment, he's got maybe two weeks.  Maybe less, if he's using the suits.  Text me his location once you find him and we'll be there to secure the perimeter."
force-bonded him."
"I like parties," he said in a dazed tone.
"...oh, no, I-- I don't want to-- to put it-- I mean-- Steve should put it on himself."  Tony held out the collar to Steve in one hand, looking more and more embarrassed. He'd imagined Steve in a collar plenty of times, but never thought of the act of putting the collar onto him.  And he couldn't do it with Lydia right there. Lydia was a perfect fucking ten; she was gorgeous, 100% Tony's type, and every time he looked at her, his mouth watered. The idea of doing something so intimate to Steve with her there watching them was just too uncomfortable, even for Tony.
Tony.
Aria had appeared at Tony's suite shortly after Natasha, and looked distraught. Happy had poured her a whiskey and her hands shook as she drank it. Painful quiets ebbed and flowed. No one knew what to say.  No one stopped Tony when he cracked open a second bottle of Jack Daniel's and passed it around.
"It's fine, we'll edit it," insisted Louis as Aria gave Tony a gentle but commanding slap..  "So, Steve, your experience at the conference--" He paused; Steve was reaching for his glasses again.
Tony began taking tiny bites.
When Steve pulled away, he gave Tony a small lick, and that was what undid him.  Tony's hips jerked involuntarily and he came with a breathy moan of relief, reaching down to wrap a hand around himself, riding out his climax with unparalleled bliss.
Tony pouted.  He avoided doctors like the plague, something that had always irritated Pepper; unless he was carrying his head under his arm, he was inclined to suffer through most maladies without any intervention.  Maybe it was because he hated the interest they always took in his arc reactor.  Doctors seemed to fixate on the fact that he'd had open-heart surgery in a cave; Tony would prefer to forget that.
Steve blushed when Tony called him 'cute' and was suddenly reminded of his inexperience of- well, just about everything aside from war. "Nets, flicks, and what-?"
They seemed to be past the worst of the crowd when a man jumped onto the car, a sign in hand that said something crude about omegas and knots. "Oh dear," Happy said, setting his shake down so he could turn on the windshield wipers.  One of the bodyguards snorted a little.
"Where did your pants go?" asked Happy.
"Oh, hi, Tony," she said, bullying her way between Tony and Justin.  "I was
He was okay.
"It's my birthday!" he said groggily, getting up and stumbling.  One of his feet was asleep; he shook it out. "HEY, CHARLIE! IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!" he hollered at the cockpit.
Pepper smiled a little.  "...no argument here."
"...okay.  Okay, fine.I'll see you soon, Tony, yeah? Get your ass over here," Steve said, a fondness creeping into his tone.
. He'd been around these Alphas too long and he was getting very close to punching one of them. And if he wasn't careful then he actually
"I'm in full support of you and Steve.  You know that. Who knows, maybe Tony will surprise us.  He's full of surprises," she said neutrally. She offered a small smile.  "
Whoever had captioned it had gotten Howard's name wrong, which he found amusing, and had also incorrectly assumed that Howard was bonded to Captain America.  He knew better.
Pietro considered.  He'd never really thought of it.
Tony and Steve dragged themselves onto the plane slowly, heavily, both of them exhausted.  Tony sat without even getting a drink and was thankful Charlie didn't try to talk to him.  Maybe she'd seen the news.
"I'm the real Captain America," he assured Nate, walking up to his bed. He inspected the drip (he was familiar with this sort of stuff) and carefully removed it from the IV box.
"I want food," Phil announced downstairs from his den, much to everyone else's surprise. "And then I want a shower."
"Yes, acting CEO and CFO of Stark Industries, and
Steve got his good arm up and pressed against Bucky's left, knowing that if that metal arm pinned him down it was over. He had to keep it up and away from his face and torso. He felt his fingernails digging into the gaps between the plates and felt sick. The look in Bucky's eyes was empty and distant. He was alone. And he was starving. And he was so, so
It was JARVIS who woke Tony.  Tony sat up blearily, looked around at the mess he'd made over the night.  Papers and photos and empty glasses were scattered everywhere.
"Anything would be better than watching him brag about his guns," said Natasha with annoyance.  "Fury, are you sure--"
But what if it did?  What if it gave him a positive result?  He could get rid of a child, right?  ...Steve wasn't actually sure he could. No, he didn't want kids. Not at all. Not now.  He was a soldier.  But could he kill one? Steve was pro-choice but he wasn't sure his forties conscience was leaving him with much of one, himself.  It was easy to say people should have the right to do it, but could
But he wasn't listening. Steve reached out to take Tony's hand. He felt strangely violated and confused, and furious at his own body betraying him. It was like when Bucky had touched his neck and it had felt amazing, whether Steve had chosen it to or not. How could he trust himself?
"Go to hell, Whippy Longstocking," muttered Tony, holding up one of his palms out to fire; the other man flung out one of the cables and it hit the suit with an electric jolt that Tony felt all the way down to his bones.  His teeth itched.  He could smell singed hair.  The digital readout Tony was staring at within the suit scrambled and Tony felt a renewed sense of panic.  The Mark IV had never been designed for this sort of battle.  He fired off two shots, but both missed; targeting was down.
"This is getting ugly," observed Tony, finding the remote and turning down the volume.  "...kinda weird that all three of them are arguing about omegas but none of them look like omegas, huh?"  He placed his hands on Steve's shoulders and began kneading his muscles.  "...you think Fury is his real name?" he contemplated.
"We have less than twenty minutes before they realise something is up," Natasha added quietly.  "...if we're lucky."
moment. Steve didn't like the thought of anything intimate occurring between Tony and DeSoto.
Sam stared after him, heart pounding.  He regretted standing up for Tony earlier.  A couple of minutes into the mission and Tony had already pulled two incredibly tasteless pranks.
Steve blinked in surprise.  Had Tony just…?  They’d warned him that he might try something like this, but that had seriously seemed to come out of nowhere.  He paused for a moment.  This had caught him totally off guard.  Steve was on a mission, he hadn’t even been thinking about...
"It's almost like having a family, huh?" he said, grinning at the group gathered around the table.  "We should go sit in front of the fireplace and read
Her face softened the tiniest bit.  She stuck out a hand.  "As far as privileged, uninformed, prejudiced Alphas go, you're one of the good ones."
.  We'll be doing a sweep of the whole building for people and extricating those people.  Once a room is cleared, you put police tape across the entryway. Two lines in an X. Everyone grab a roll.  Some of you have been outfitted with bodycams; if you do not have a bodycam, please make sure to get a hand-held recorder.  You can record anything you want but don't touch a damn thing. Do not engage with any of the staff on site. Do not touch them, do not talk to them, do not answer their questions.  Do not ask any of the omegas any leading questions that could compromise, influence, or alter their testimonies; do not offer them anything except water. Your job is to bring everyone back here and the less you say, the better.  If any media is present, do not engage, do not talk to them. Leave any and all confrontations to law enforcement only. Is everyone crystal-clear on that?" Judy looked around. She was tiny was commanded a strong presence. Everyone was nodding.
"Because Clint's in charge and Clint only wants to see Steve right now.  It's an omega thing."
Tony eased off of Steve, kissing the back of his neck softly before he got up.
"I'M NOT!" yelled Tony back.  He looked over at Steve. "Hey, where did Fury go?  ...that dude's like a ghost. Steve, guess what? I almost got it.  One word: magnets!" He held up his hand; on his wrist was one of the bracelets Pepper had gotten him for his birthday.  Tony reached over and pressed it. A moment later a gauntlet flew out of nowhere and slammed onto his hand. He winced a little; he had only gotten the bandages taken off in September.
In the kitchen, Tony was nursing a Screwdriver; his eyes lit up when he heard the familiar tap of stilettos.
He wasn't
"It doesn't make me feel as uncomfortable as it did," Steve assured him softly. "But I think-- I think I might feel better about it if you did bite it. If you did claim me again," he rumbled. "I miss it," Steve admitted quietly. "There's that instinct. I miss you..." he trailed a finger down Tony's bicep. "...claiming me like that."
Oh well, he wasn't with SHIELD anymore, was he?  He had no obligation to them.  But, to Bucky... well, they were bonded, after all.
"Donner is going to stay here tonight, if that's okay with you, Tony," said Pepper firmly.  "I told him it would be fine but he insisted on hearing it from you directly, since it's your house."  She didn't add it probably had a lot to do with Tony being an Alpha. "So. It's
A very, very, very small lie.  Tony had been with men in a few contexts but none of those seemed important.  A blowjob was a blowjob and when you were high on MDMA in a club, you didn't really care who was doing what to you.  And naturally, sure, he'd double-teamed a few ladies in his time, that happened occasionally; you didn't want to be the only billionaire at the coke party who was going to throw a fit because there was another guy balls-deep in the other end of your lingerie model.  But he lacked the vocabulary to explain this distinction to Steve and he was pretty sure Steve could guess at that, since Steve had seen how he lived.
"Drones on your six and your two!"
Tony hesitated, then reached into his pocket, pulled out a collar, and set it down.  Everyone stared down at the silvery collar with the glinting red stones, and a moment later someone yelled "HE JUST BET CAPTAIN AMERICA!" and everyone was crowding around eagerly.
"Oh-- no, thank you," he said as she shoved a glass into his hand.  "I can't get drunk. No point," he told her. "I heard your guys' act. It was good. I liked the story about the banana." Arcadia smiled into her drink.
Steve rushed over to Rhodey's side, pushing past the throes of drunk people. "Rhodey!" He called out the get the man's attention. An Alpha in the army. He was disciplined and respectful. Steve had worked with many like him, back, in the day. He found Rhodey's presence oddly calming, though he never got to see him much.
Alphas?"
Phil had been here, recently.  So had Steve and Ty. He kept huffing and finally determined Ty and Steve had walked out back to the pool area.
"So, how's it going?"
coming!  ...and yet, you didn't actually respond, did you?  I'm still not allowed to flirt? And you still can't actually look me in the eye over these scars, can you?  So what if you have to bury me... Steve, Alpha pride is
Steve smirked a little when he realised he'd ended up on top of his Alpha in the process of turning off the alarm. He ducked his head down and trailed kisses up and down Tony's jaw and across his cheeks.  "Morning," he hummed with a lazy lilt to his voice. "Sleep well?"
The song was instantly recognizable to Steve, though the DJ had sped it up and put a bass beat to it to jazz it up a bit.
"The plan?" repeated Tony, proudly edging the plate with the omelette over to Steve.  "...there's no plan. We do whatever we want." He looked down at the ankle monitor on his leg.  "...I don't think I'll be able to work on any part of the suit below the waist, but I was gonna tinker around with the gauntlets and the shoulders ailerons and maybe the HUD display.  I'm still working on the Mark VII but it's slow-going with that thing, it keep punching me in the crotch. ...but yeah, no, we can do whatever you want. Maybe I was gonna take a swim, y'know, just... enjoy the pool, work on my tan."
Tony accepted a marker and plucked the phone from Steve's hands, signing the back.
"...yeah," he said.  He put his arms out. "...carry me," he commanded.
Steve stripped and sat down in bed before moving to lie down next to him on his stomach, head propped up in his hands. He listened to Tony intently, expression softening at the man's own sincerity. Steve reached out to tug the pillow to the side and then leaned his head down to press a single kiss to the surface of the arc reactor. He felt the trembling vibration of life against his lips and shivered before his blue eyes flickered back up to Tony's face.
"It'll be easier to cut you off now Steve. I know this is hard," Phil was trying to be nice about it. Steve could tell. "The chance of James ever being safe enough to be let back out into society is..."
"I d-don't..." He tried to speak. Steve swallowed. "There was a moment today when I thought I was never going to see you again."
. Well, everything Tony did with his mouth felt good, that was a fact. But this felt...
A lot of answers ran through Steve's head at Banksy's question
"Eight-four.  There were eight-six last at the beginning of last year," said Tiberius, smoothing down his tie.  "There's estimated to be about two thousands kids still getting shipped off each year. Sounds bad, but it peaked back in the eighties and nineties.  Since they banned arranged bonding, a lot of Alpha and beta parents were left with an omega they didn't know what to do with. So they tried to...
Tony had two lodges, one in California and one in Colorado that was virtually never used.  His California one was used once a year; the Colorado one had been inherited and he'd kept it for sentimental reasons, even though he hadn't been there since 1984.
"Don't push it, kid.  Make the pancakes."
Tony looked over at him, confused, but Sam was staring wide-eyed at the wall, where, moments before, Pietro had been.  His gun was now aimed at nothing at all.
"Shit," Steve muttered into the floor. "What was that?"
"Yeah.  Partially.  But also because he's an omega.  And if they accidentally killed some scrawny, not-fit-for-duty omega... no one would've cared.  They picked Steve to minimize their own liability. The treatment was experimental and they had planned to use it on Alpha soldiers once they knew it worked.  But they lost Erskine before that could happen. So instead they ret-conned history, told everyone he was an Alpha, and people believed it, because no one could fathom that a Captain could also be an omega."
"I'm sorry," said Phil quietly.
"I was supposed to be dead for seventy years, remember?" Steve said softly, drawing his hand back when it felt his touch went welcome. He swallowed almost awkwardly. Was Tony put off him now, after the miscarriage, and with Bucky?
"солдат!  ...what is that you're drawing?"
, Steve.  It's
"Now isn't the time to deal with him," Natasha said simply. "Tony, can you pick him up? ...Tony? Tony!" She clapped her hands in front of the Alpha's face to get him to stop babbling to his unconscious mate. "Carry him. Over here. Let's get him in the van, and let's get out of this place."
decision!"
"Big," said Phil mysteriously.
but not Steve.  Can you--"
He retreated to the bedroom to shower and get dressed.  He was halfway through putting on the squirrel onesie when he realized that DeSoto probably wouldn't be able to see him as a strong Alpha if he was dressed like a child.  He switched to slacks and button-up, and ran some gel through his hair before going back out.
"No!" Steve threw his shield and it slammed into two of the Alphas' legs, knocking them to the floor. Two of them, a young man and a young woman with small, dangly red earrings, were already shuddering and frothing at the mouth. The other was still alive, the pill knocked from his mouth at the hit. He scrambled across the floor for it. But Steve landed on him before he could, catching his hand and pressing down on him. The Alpha let out a low laugh.
He shot Tony a look over his shoulder and then clenched around him, smiling at the other's reaction. "In answer to your question," he breathed, voice sweet and expression mischievous, "Yes. I think I would
, it's not going to happen."
"Steve!  Steve, oh my God, what's wrong?"  Tony lunged, clearly intent of knocking Steve to the ground and covering him.
"не скоро."
Tony's eyes lit up.  "What?  What are they dealing with?" he demanded excitedly.  Tony knew all about weapons; they were his specialty.  So far, he felt like he was fitting in nicely with SHIELD. He felt right at home.  Now there was another weapon?  Tony wanted to be worried, but mostly he was just excited.  To Tony, all weapons were tools and all tools, if wielded correctly, were safe.  Of course, Tony's definition of "safe" was, as Pepper pointed out, rather different than most people's.
"...she does everything secretly, doesn't she?" said Tony.
"Is it an insensitive, offensive question?" asked Clint.
"I'm not pretending to be a hero. I'm just a guy from Brooklyn trying to make a difference in the world. I just want HYDRA to leave me the hell alone. But no. They want to take me in and breed me and don't tell me they don't, because I heard it. I read it. There is no freedom in that for me. I would rather die.  So, the way I see it, it's me or them.  The fight between us won't end 'til one of us is destroyed.  I can either run, or right.  And I've made my choice. Now I'm gonna walk away from this, because I don't want to hurt you two, because you're not HYDRA. They're the ones who are gonna be sorry.  But I
Steve found a lab. There were three Alphas and a beta in lab coats, clustered around a bench and muttering to each other.  Clearly, the length of the power outage was beginning to cause them some anxiety; they were hunched all together, using flashlights on their phones.  When Steve slipped in, two of them immediately shined lights over, but Steve rolled and avoided being seen.
There were a few chuckles.
Tony shrugged and closed his eyes again, reaching a hand out for Steve.  He felt tired, tired beyond all reason. But it was a good, satisfied kind of tired.  They'd done what they needed to do and now they could go home.
It had eaten his father's words of approval, the only Tony had ever heard.  It had taken Jarvis, too: sweet, ever-encouraging Jarvis.  And Tony still didn't know what it meant, what his father wanted, how the fuck the 1974 Expo was supposed to help Tony finish his father's work with the godforsaken arc reactor.
One thing at a time.  He couldn't honestly worry about Bucky, not while Vanko and the Winter Soldier were lurking around.  They needed taken care of first.
"-I just asked for my tests to be condensed into one day. So yours'll be more spread out," continued Steve. They were supposed to separate the physical and psychological tests so they would be completed with a higher degree of accuracy but Steve insisted that wasn't necessary. Physically, it just took so much to exhaust him... all of the physical tests had been laughably easy for him.  And he'd really just wanted to get it over and done with.
"Stevie, wake
...so he's naked?" asked Tony in horror, remembering how Steve had been attacked by Schmidt in the simulation, thinking about all the horrible things they could be doing to his omega.
(some TV show Clint was
He hid it in the model!  That's why he didn't want me to touch-- oh, my God, Steve, look!"
"Fine.  But let me finish bathing, please?  Get out."
Tiberius gave a wry smile.  "I never fucked an omega, if that's what you're asking.  I had them kneel for me... they would induce heats and then, well, we were supposed to... but there was just no attraction.  I remember smelling behind their ears and all I could think about was what was for dinner. They simply held no appeal for me at all.  Besides, they all found me revolting... you know, my smell... in my whole life I've only ever been with one woman. A beta. And to be frank I was only with her because she had been with an Alpha I liked and... it was a way to get close to him, I suppose."
"Aria says I have to be at the studio for four in the afternoon tomorrow."
on vacation with Steve Rogers."  Steve was climbing delicately into the seat beside him; Steve always treated barstools gently.  In the time Tony had known him, he'd accidentally broken two.
"I'm trying!  It's hard... I'm really trying, Pietro, I can't--"
Steve looked over and saw Tony beside him. He didn't have to say it for the other to know.
Wanda was still visible a few roofs away, above them, furious--
"...Maxwell's Equations," exclaimed Tony quietly.  "This is... this is something else, Steve."  He turned and looked into Steve's eyes.  "...you didn't ruin it," he said.  "I like it.  Thank you.  It's... cheesy.  But modern.  I like it; I like installation pieces."
Behind him, he could hear Boots and the Chocolate Tree wishing each other Happy Best Friends' Day; his jaw clenched.  "
," said Tony in a stage whisper.
Steve hadn't stopped driving aside from three small breaks, two of them to get the cigarettes and the burner phone. He was goddamn exhausted.
"You owe me five thousand bucks."
In the living room, Steve's phone went off seconds later.
The thought of wearing something worth so much was intimidating. Sure, Steve had a few designer suits now, but that was a whole suit- this was just essentially a necklace on steroids. Steve didn't know how people kept these sorts of things and didn't just sell them for money and donate it all.
the omega. At least, in technicalities."
"It sounds like..." Laura considered her words carefully. "It sounds like a choice between the past and and the present."
Sam gave Steve's shoulder another squeeze.  "I'll take care of the tape. ...try to take it easy, okay, man?"
Steve would never forget it. The hellish blue light, its unnatural, monstrous hue, the way its power eliminated men from existence in mere seconds. The tesseract was an abomination.  An item straight from hell whose power could only be used for evil.  A thing that, in the wrong hands, could probably destroy the world.
He let Tony tug his shirt over his head and stepped out of his pants, adjusting the shower to his liking.
"Don't talk with your mouth full," said Laura.
"Please, just call me Steve."
all dead.
"I'm serious, Tony."
"...where the hell're you, a career fair at an elementary school or something?" demanded Tony.
He decided to try to answer both.
When his arc reactor had been palladium-core, he'd come to terms with the reality that he was dying and he hadn't thought much about the future.  He slept a lot and drank a lot more, and he enjoyed being reckless, hoping he'd eventually die in a blaze of glory.  Tony was scared to die; he didn't believe in an afterlife, and that infinite abyss, that eternal state of not-being, was a nightmare to him; he didn't have the guts to kill himself.  Eventually, when it got bad, he probably would have.  Or at least, he hoped he would have.  In any case, he had not expected to live to Christmas, and now he suddenly did, and all the things he had to prepare for in the future seemed to loomed huge over him.
When Tony just opened his chest like that it was incredibly alarming. Steve didn't see how it could possibly be safe but also assumed that Tony knew what he was doing and was considerably less reckless (understandably so) now he wasn't dying. But still, Steve didn't like to be reminded of his mate's fragility. Sure, Tony was practically untouchable in the suit. But the arch reactor would always be a weak point. Steve ripped the one out of Ivan's chest. Sure it wasn't easy and it hurt like hell but he'd done it. And there was plenty of other people out there as strong or stronger than Steve.
"And my 'breakdown' had nothing to do with my status,
Steve sighed fondly. He set the trousers on the table on the workbench. "Just...don't do any more cocaine Tony. Please."
Steve whimpered as Tony rocked into him slowly, teasing him at him. He made him go all the more pliant beneath him, his cheeks flushed a pretty pink as he tilted his head back and gasped softly as he squirmed. Steve hummed in contentment, grip on the blankets around him loose and weak. He was happy to go wherever Tony took him.
One of the agents in back crossed his arms over his chest and leaned in to Fury. "Did he just say
.  He'd had a dream he was a kid playing with another kid, having a snowball fight.  It had been pleasant... unusually wholesome. Kinda cute.
"Wow, thank you, sir.  That's swell, isn't it, Tony?"
Natasha raised an eyebrow, clearly surprised that Sam was sticking up for him.  She raised her hands. "Okay. Fine." She lapsed into silence, perhaps not convinced.  But it was too late for her to say anymore, because they were already on their way, and making great time, and Tony had already invited himself along.
He sat on the edge of the bed while Steve attacked his breakfast, reaching up his robe to stroke his back.  "We need to let in one news crew to give them a soundbite.  Not an interview.  Just to. reassure people.  Pepper and Aria are setting it up.  We just smile for the camera, tell 'em we're okay, that that's that.  People think it was a hate crime.  You getting attacked.  ...as usual, you look like a total hero.  And there weren't any civilian casualties, FYI.  ...so everything's golden, Stevie."  He rubbed his shoulders, letting his thumb run over Steve's neck.
"But what do we do if you don't find a solution? Is it 100% with heats or...?"
Steve's fingertips were on his heart, and Bucky felt like he was melting.  Steve's lips parted and he gently pushed their tongues together, and he could remember how desperately he'd wanted this, years ago, it felt like, when they would sit side by side on the faded old brown couch and listen to the radio and kiss gently and hold hands.  Steve's mouth was like coming home. He reached up to wrap his hand around Steve's on his chest, nudging softly against Steve's mouth, tasting him, moving his own mouth languidly. And for once, he wasn't thinking about Karpov, or HYDRA, or his orders. He was only thinking about Steve.  And he was happy.
"Yours," Steve whispered, blue eyes dark with something new. "Now claim me."
"...hee hee.  Adjusting," repeated Tony groggily, wiggling his hips a little.  He stifled a yawn, dipping his fingers in the warm water and trickling a few droplets over Steve's back.
Captain America's face was... it was like home.  He felt an intense draw to him.  Like they'd known each other all their lives. He felt the same way about Captain America that he felt about Colonel Karpov.
Did Tony believe that Steve was a virgin?  Honestly, he wasn't sure.  And he didn't care.  Steve saying he was a virgin implied he had never bonded, either; bonding without mating was a bizarre concept to Tony.  A bizarre concept to any Alpha.  And
"Well, he
The next a large group of monitors all flickered to life. There was a lot of different cameras, each screen encompassing a different part of the house or outside.
"No."
"How bonds work?" repeated Tony.  He turned and looked at Phil.  "What's she mean, how bonds work?"
"You were respecting the privacy he so very clearly needed," Clint said. "But if you're really worried then his privacy goes out the window. If Steve is in trouble then SHIELD can help. If he isn't in trouble then his little joy ride is over sooner than he'd like. Better to be safe rather than sorry, right?"
"Probably started the fire to escape.  Might already be out," said Sam.
Boswell passed him the Santa hat and Tony put it on with a grin.
He felt a tinge of pain and winced.
Tony nodded.  "It's fine, fuck, I don't care, he can sleep in our bed if he wants."
Steve had gotten her new eyeliner pencils for christmas.  She always wore strange colors, which had taken Steve some getting used to.  But now he liked seeing the purple and pink and bright red around her eyes.  He'd made sure the makeup was  'vegan' (not tested on animals).  There were little flecks of glitter in them; Natasha had helped him find them, and Aria had been delighted.
But that was assuming this was even real.  It wasn't, he knew that.  This was half-dream, half-memory.  Yet he felt in control.
Wanda made a noise of protest.  "Sokovia! ...but it's terrible there."
"Steve?  You still in there?  ...you're not mad at me for shutting you off, right?" asked Tony.  "Sorry, I just hate emotional talks. I'd rather just have angry sex.  That's sort of my go-to method for dealing with negative feelings."
Ugh.  Tony was officially creeped out by Sean.  He took the wine and scurried back to Steve's place.  At least he knew Sean wasn't a threat, though.  Sean had been surprisingly pleasant and submissive, and he already had someone, so Tony didn't have to defend Steve against him, which was good.
"I know you don't believe it," Steve whispered. "But you're a good person too."
"I didn't do something to upset you, did I?" Steve asked with feigned casualness as he moved to make her coffee.  "If I did, I genuinely didn't mean to..."
T'Chaka was nonplussed by Tony's bizarre, distracted side comments.  "It is very unfortunate, the recent events in my country," he plowed on.
"Oh, God, now what?" moaned Jeanette, shoving a microphone into Tony's hand.
Tony's fingers played along Steve's back, stroking him lightly.  Tony wanted to be happy but happiness was something he'd always had a tenuous grasp on.  He had difficulty finding a way to be content. Always had. Probably always would. Captain America should be enough for him.  Except Jasper's words were creeping into his mind, about him being a
going to stop you. But I'd appreciate it if you weren't completely gone by the time we go home." Steve didn't want to end the night with a drunk Tony; he wanted his mate to be there for him, not drunk. And if Tony didn't feel like eating, then he wasn't going to sober up through out the evening, either.
"Steve's going to use his press conference on Friday to raise money to help educate Yemeni and Syrian children.  Obviously Boz and I will help," said Banksy breezily, hands behind his head. "We can give you a few plugs on the show, since we're on Thursday night, and then help out the evening of.  And for once, I agree with Jeff... you should absolutely sing. You're good."
"We'll have to wait and see about that."
Would Tony kill him?  He wasn't sure.  He didn't feel good about what he was doing, but having Steve here, in danger, was making his moral compass go haywire.  He would have done nearly anything, no matter how despicable, to protect the blond.  But feeling Jack writhing in his grip wasn't making him feel good about himself.  And the smell of fear rolling off of Justin was palpable and upsetting.
Perhaps they might have ditched him but there was another factor.  They felt sorry for him. When he wasn't buzzing around asking questions and trying to obey orders from televisions, he sometimes sat on the ground, brooding, lost in his fractured thoughts, writing down half-memories in his notebook.  Pietro had snuck a look and it had nearly broken his heart. Memories of war, of his childhood, and, most prominently, memories of his time with Karpov. Memories of murder. Memories of standing for long periods of time in the snow, until his fingers had frozen to his gun, motionless, waiting for a target that would never come.  Memories of holding dying men in his arms while they gasped for their mothers and he waited as the medic fumbled for morphine. Memories of killing entire families, one by one, while they begged for mercy, not for themselves, but for their siblings and their children. And punctuating it, the broken attempts to make sense of it all:
"It wasn't pretty," Phil whispered.
In answer to Steve's question, Pepper told him, "Aria's organizing you another interview with
He didn't say it but didn't have to.  Tony was borderline feral and had been since attacking Malick.
"You knelt for me," he added grudgingly, accusingly.  How was Tony supposed to interpret that except as Steve submitting to him, Steve wanting him, liking him?  Kneeling wasn't something that omegas did lightly.  Tony knew that.  Kneeling was deeply, deeply intimate and he'd been out of line to ask it.  But emotions had been so high.  The thrill of not dying.  If Pepper were there, Tony would have dipped and kissed her (and probably been slapped).  Steve's willing response... that had to mean something.  Even if Tony couldn't trust a word Steve said, he could trust that.
"He left 'cause of me.  He didn't feel appreciated.  He was jealous of Pepper. It's my fault," said Tony, staring down at his hands.
Pepper frowned.  "Tony. I'm serious.  Go back to the hotel and invite Steve on a date.  It'll be good for the two of you." Pepper leaned over the table and placed a hand on Tony's arm.  Tony looked down at her pale skin, her slender fingers. "Tony. Both of you have some pretty dark, heavy histories.  It's okay to have problems. It's
The builders done for the day so they had no audience. It felt like quite a novelty in that moment- being alone, with just each other.
"...everyone says Captain America is an Alpha."
Sam left him to quiver on his own and stepped outside. He shut the door behind him then leaned against it. "Why the fuck would Steve call HYDRA?"
"Since it's Christmas and you look too good in the mornings. And I like your bed hair." Steve murmured, fingers reaching up to run through his hair pointedly, making it even more of a mess than it already was.
He looked over at Tony in a panic; Tony was grinning ear-to-ear.  Clearly, Tony was just joking. Hopefully one day his jokes would stop going over Steve's head like this.
Tony's upper lip twitched.  "I'm not a
God, he'd been so stupid...
Sort of.
"Okay. We can go out and get Italian. Okay." Steve whispered and pulled Tony against his chest. On instinct he was hugging him, wrapping his arms around Tony tightly. There was something in his Alpha's eyes, a pain he wanted to be able to fix. "But have one drink with lunch and one with dinner?" He asked, knowing it would lessen the damage if Tony drank with food. Steve pulled back a fraction. "If you can do that," he whispered into Tony's ear, words slow and teasing. "I'll let you do whatever you want to me in between."
George seemed thoroughly unembarrassed.  "Oh, I was a 'graduate' from St. Claver's.  It's one of those so-called omega etiquette schools.  Not a real education. Just teaching you how to be 'good' for an Alpha.  The 'graduation' was basically being sold. Luke picked me out, there was a big ceremony... this was
"All done.  Go have something to eat.  Don't drive or operate machinery for at least a few hours.  And yes, Mr. Stark, that applies to your exosuit."
This was all
"If it's not broken then it's fine," said Tony dismissively.  "I take whacks all the time in the suit.  Gimme two days and I'll be ready to run a marathon."  He was trying not to bristle at Dr. Martin but he could tell, instinctively, that she wasn't bonded and it made him extremely upset when she touched Steve.  Every time his hackles went up he reached up to try to flatten them back down.
The sea breeze felt strange as it met with his wet cock as Tony pulled off. But not unpleasant. Steve let out a high pitched sound before he managed a coherent answer. He was wet between his legs already. "It's… it's a lot more than good," he managed to finally get out, cheeks flushed and eyes heavy lidded.
"Steve!"  Carter was reaching for him, but so was another man, and a moment later the two of them were holding each other's wrists, grappling, a weird dance on the floor, both of them on their knees.
"Does he have a mate?"
"Well, hello to you too," said Clint.
"Tony's good."
omegas like you who aren't afraid to take charge..."
you I wasn't leaving you. I know that
Tony winced a little, reaching over to touch one of the ears.  "He's looking kind of ragged, isn't he? Well, to be fair, he's as old as I am."
"When's the auction planned for?" asked Tiberius, looking around at all the orchids.
"...yeah... they gotta keep them somewhere," said Tony, frowning and looking around the room.  Would they be holed up in a separate room somewhere? Who would he even ask about that? "...I could ask Eric," he suggested.  "...I think only Alphas can go to the little workshops and presentations... are you going to be okay if I leave you alone? The omegas here seem..."
"I wouldn't get you rose gold," said Tony, drawing away, still rocking against Steve.  "I liked the platinum, though. The one with sapphires was nice... you look so good in blue... it makes you eyes pop.  I love it when you wear blue."
"Then don't think about it," said Phil.  "What were you thinking about before?"
Tony squirmed away, nearly knocking over the lady from Vanity Fair.  Or was it Variety? Fuck.
"I've gone feral on mission, it happens.  Forget it. Come on. If we don't take off before they get their surface-to-air missiles online, then we're not going to leave this island.  They're probably already opening the silos."
DeSoto looked at Tony, sharply, concerned.
"No!  No, it's not, it's just-- it's-- it's really personal--"
The omega grinned at him.  "I thought you might like to have one once in a while without needing to roll over and beg for it."
"...I'm pretty drunk," admitted Tony after a few moments.  The alcohol was doing a good job at numbing the pain, but Tony was starting to feel queasy.  He looked over his shoulder at the bathroom mirror, wondering how many others had seen his neck.  His hackles had been raised all night; normally, his hair covered the scar pretty effectively. "You don't think anyone... anyone thinks I'm an acer, right?  I mean, it's... it's obviously not a bite mark... and... and I'm bonded to you. You're the best omega. I obviously like omegas." He winced as Steve worked on dabbing the blood out of his goatee.  Beneath it was the faint scar from when Justin Hammer had bit him on the lip the previous year; Justin, like Pitbull, was on the same level of dominance as Tony, and thus, the two of them couldn't stand each other.  Although Tony was of the opinion that even if Justin were less dominant than him, he would still hate the guy for being an annoying tool.
Steve eventually drifted to sleep too. He mercifully didn't dream.
Tony rolled his eyes. "I was just kidding.  And no one gets left out.  If you do it right."  He squeezed Steve's hand, scanning the room.  "...you wanna go to any of the little workshops?  I could learn to, um, discipline you."  Tony gave another small roll of his eyes.  "Fuck, this whole thing is creepy... hey, maybe you ought to try to talk to the omegas here, away from their Alphas. Maybe. I don't want to get any of them in trouble. Did you see how Malick dragged Donner around?"
"More likely it's Tony, feeling guilty for the way he's been treating Steve the last month," growled Natasha.
Natasha growled suddenly.  Tony looked over, alarmed. "You can have some, too..."
"Pepper, we're missing the party."
"...you mind if we do a quick shoot?" asked Marcus.
"I'll go help get pizza," Kerry said, using the excuse to slip away. But just as she did the rest of them appeared outside, carrying mountains of pizza boxes.
"CAN YOU GET THE VITAMIN STRING QUARTET FOR THE GALA?" hollered Tony suddenly.
"Why?  Are we needed?" asked Rumlow.
"I got the idea from King T'Chaka.  How he called his mate his wife," said Tony.  "...incidentally, yes, this is Wakandan vibranium.  And I laser-engraved them myself. Mine's got your initials on the inside and yours has got mine, see?"
"...anything I can do to make you feel better?" he offered.  "...Donner'll come around, Steve. Here, lemme help you get undressed.  You'll feel better in the morning. You ought to be thrilled, I can't believe it all went off without a hitch... hey, just think about how mad Gene Bennett and Gideon will be when they find out what happened to Donner... who says nice guys don't get the last laugh?"
Equations without equal signs had always been one of Tony Stark's greatest aversions.
"Oh my God!  Oh my God! Really?  Really? They're giving me the show?  Just me?" cried Banksy, crawling all over Boswell's lap.  Boswell was trying desperately not to spill his scotch with moderate success.
Steve wanted to ask Stone what it was, why he smelt
"People can come back from terrible things," Pepper pointed out.
Well, that much was true, at least.
"Creamer?" asked Phil, walking in and offering him a cup of coffee.  He had a cup for himself and a cup for Steve, too. He'd already put in cream for Steve, knowing he preferred it on the sweet side.
Steve couldn't feel him. Steve hadn't realized Tony had even still been there until he was gone. Over the past two months he'd been distant, yes, but he'd still been there. Steve gripped Bucky tightly, gasping.  It wasn't that he was alone.  He was still bonded.  But there was no Tony.  Left in Tony's place was something else.  Another presence.
At the first glide of Tony's cock against him Steve squirmed and let out a needy, pleased sound. He was already goddamn wet. He was turned on, he couldn't help it, his cock curving nicely against a short clad thigh. He was aware that Tony had had posters of Steve up since he was little, that this moment might well be fulfilling some kind of fantasy for him...Steve certainly understood the appeal of it.
"T-Tony... ah--
"What?  No!  No, you're going to sit down this instant, Tony--"
"Thank you."
Fundamentally this was Steve's fault, for bonding and expecting Tony was going to make a lifelong, monogamous commitment because of that.  Tony didn't do lifelong, monogamous commitments; fuck, his longest relationship had been on-and-off for less than a year.  But no matter how mad Tony was at Steve consciously, his body ached for his omega; they were still in that goddamn honeymoon phase and it was agony to be away from him. Tony wanted to find him and grovel for forgiveness.  Unfortunately, he had no idea where Steve was.  He couldn't call up Natasha (she'd kill him) or Clint (he'd kill him) or Fury (were he and Steve even talking?) and knew of no one else that Steve might possibly know.  (...Sam?  Tony's blood ran cold... what if Steve had run off to Sam?)
pissed," said Tony happily, pulling his sunglasses down from his head to cover his eyes.  The only thing he liked more than being the center of attention was stealing the center of attention from a rival.  "Okay, Steve, let's do it."
Tony sulked in the elevator, for once silent.  Natasha kept looking at Steve.  Tony hated both of them.  He reminded himself, over and over, that Steve was a liar, a traitor.  He tried to squash his feelings, ignore Steve's scent, ignore his sharp blue eyes with the little flecks of green and the fluid, almost cat-like movements of his toned, sculpted body.  Steve was still almost irresistible to Tony, but Tony kept up a constant, internal stream of beratement, wanting to shuck off his desire as soon as possible.
Even knowing what to expect, he still disliked Ty's smell.  It was
as she and Tony left.
Steve glanced back up at Fury and crossed his arms over his chest, his eyes narrowing. "You should have let me know you'd be here for breakfast," he said coldly.
"Maybe I should drop you guys off at home?" suggest Mackenzie.
He reached up to rub his neck but it ached and he knew without looking that the bruising of his veins had crawled up his neck, might even be peeking out from his collar.
"Nope."
"Jesus Tony. You need to be more careful," Steve huffed. Only Tony would forget that he had goddamn broken fingers. He was nearly crying and he still wouldn't let Steve help him up. Steve sighed. "I'll just go get you some painkillers." He went to the bathroom and turned the shower on to get hot before he moved to grab the pills. He got two out for Tony and pulled out his good hand before dropping the pills into them. "Those are for you."
He'd promised Sarah he would protect him.  He'd promised and he'd failed. He should be there, supporting his mate, like the lady on the television said...
The words were gone.  Tony was struggling to breathe.  He could not fucking do this.  Everything had been perfect and then,
Jasper smiled a little.  "He sure can sing," he agreed.  "...I'm glad you two have been able to work through all this, what with Steve having another mate."
"Tony... God, that boy."  Howard sighed, leaning back.  Jarvis handed him a drink and he accepted it gratefully.  "Ed, you know what it's like to have a kid who wants to know how to describe a non-linear Lorentz transformation and whether or not Minkowski space is applicable to non-Galilean transformations?  He asked me what gravity was made of, and when I said gravitons, he wanted to know whether it was spin-1 or a spin-2 boson.  ...they don't
Steve's eyes darkened when Tony's tongue darted out.
"He's okay.  I can work with him."
me. At your party. You slapping my ass. You making goddamn comments all the time. I say we call it even. You're a good person Tony, and I meant it when I wrote it in that report. But it still doesn't stop you from being a shitty Alpha."
Wanda simply made a noise of acknowledgement, focused on the delicate thread of thought, wispy as the strand of a spider web, that connected her to Stark.  His mind was different. A nebula of thought, multiple intersections of individual ideas and observations, and she was finding it hard to manipulate.
"I'm not scared.  Of course it will work.  I was waiting for everyone to get shades on.  I told you, it's gonna be bright."  Tony grabbed a pair of welding goggles off his desk and slipped them on, rubbing his hands together.  "JARVIS, power this fucker up, please."
"Come on." He paused by the desk to shove the pizza box into Tony's hand so the other would carry it. "You need to sleep Tony, or at least... shower. You really need to shower."
"I was trying to be nice, sorry.  I'll return you to your regular scheduled asshole now," said Tony.  "Why the
.  Well I know what were doing when we get home.  We're watching
Steve didn't want to talk about any of that. It was personal. Bonding was a private matter, and maybe it was because he was old-fashioned, but he didn't think it was for discussion in the public sphere. Or maybe Steve just didn't really like people thinking about what him and Tony did in bed and how 'un-captain-like' that was.
But he couldn't stop.  His mind was disconnect from his body and every time Steve whimpered or arched or begged for more, Tony complied, the slap of wet skin filling the room in time to piano music and periodic alarms from the phone.  Aside from thrusting into Steve, pumping every last ounce of himself into his omega, Tony was struggling to keep up with the pills; it seemed like the damn phone was going off constantly. Once or twice, after Steve shuddered beneath him, he managed to feed him an ice chip or two.  He didn't have the capacity to worry about himself; he was sweating like he was in a sauna and he felt vaguely sick but every little mewl or whine from Steve triggered another frantic round of humping and he was almost positive he was going to die like this.
"We can't protect him from himself, Virginia," Steve said quietly and he was sad to say it, too. "I'm sorry."
The week passed quickly. Tony was apparently serious about his health kick. Some mornings he even woke up with Steve before the omega slipped away to the gym. Whilst Tony puttered in the workshop Steve was working out, doing research on his tablet about charities and non-profits while he ran on the treadmill. He'd had several lawyers approach him already; Steve had even agreed to meet with a few in the coming weeks. They were all betas. There wasn't many omega lawyers out there; Steve knew he shouldn't get his hopes for it.
It was true.  The room reeked like omega heat and every Alpha was responding to it.  Only Mackenzie, a beta, and Donner, an omega, were unaffected.
"No. But he really looks like me. They use to say he was the 'omega version' of Captain America; that might help," Steve said, really hoping they could get a lead.
"...I just invited you to dinner.  And you accepted."
"Want me to take her?" Laura offered. Steve passed her over with a small smile before kneeling down beside Cooper so he could go through his favourite pokemon cards. He jabbed a finger at a purple monster named Gengar that was shiny and popping out of the card in 3D art.
After putting Bucky into cryo Steve had had nightmares. Frightful dreams where Bucky came to him, covered in frost, fearful and hurting and lonely.
"Tony,
But was it enough?
"I'm mated to Tony Stark and, I think, about to come out with him," Steve said abruptly, steeling herself for a sharp or surprised reaction.
"Right," Gleason cleared his throat. He watched Phil making tactical piles of cushions. "Is he hurt?"
"Yes, sir?" asked the AI system.
"Was it good?"
"Oh no.  I don't sled.  I snowboard," said Tony.
"You want to tag out?" asked Clint, sitting up.
"VASILY!" yelled Pietro.  "James and I are going to get more ice cream!"
"About how often?"
Tony let out an unearthly shriek and snapped.  This wasn't a playful nip; this was a lunging bite, fast and feral.
"...I'm not your Alpha," he said instead.  It hurt to say, but Tony relished the pain.  He got a vicious sort of pride from it.  Steve wasn't his.  Steve had lied to him and Tony had been almost stupid enough to fall for it.  He was thankful he hadn't slept with Steve when he was in heat; he made a mental note to thank Happy later for stopping him
He barked out a mirthless laugh.  "Okay, wait, let me get this straight.  Let me just make sure I follow here.  You want to inject me with... what is that, I don't even know what that it.  That could be black-tar heroin for all I know.  You could be trying to steal my kidneys.  Joke's on you, by the way, decades of alcohol abuse has rendered them thoroughly unsuitable for transplant."
The soldier looked down and turned the pack of cigarettes over in his hands, unsure of himself.  He looked up. "...his middle name was Grant," he said suddenly.
Piper had her hands over her bright-red face and was peeking through her fingers as Richard showed them diagram after diagram of different mating positions.  Tony and Eric, perhaps because they were also both a little drunk, were giggling like schoolboys.
"...any word on... you-know-who?" asked Clint, looking at Steve.
She waited until Steve had gone off to bed to text Pepper.  It was late enough that she wasn't really expecting an answer, although she got one almost immediately.
"...please," he asked softly, almost hesitantly.  He loved the idea of Steve dressing up for him, of getting to have the exclusive privilege to undress and bone Captain America.  He was so used to Steve being Steve that sometimes he forgot about Steve's persona, the one with the costume and the deep sotto voice and the all-American soldier-next-door thing.  But he also didn't want to be someone like Gideon, who got his kicks from it.
Natasha and Sam exchanged knowing glances.  Tony picked off a tiny piece of his muffin but didn't put it in his mouth.  After a moment, he looked up.  "I really need a drink, though," he emphasized.
him, had they? Just to take him, forcibly.  He had not needed to bite Steve's neck for that.  But maybe they'd given him more instructions once Steve was in heat. It had never occurred to him that Bucky did it of his own volition. That he would do that to him. When Tony asked to be let go it was like Steve was burned. He stepped back immediately, eyes wide and confused. He looked lost, like a little kid from Brooklyn again who just couldn't quite find his way. Tony's phone started vibrating in his hand. It was Natasha.
Tony's eyes narrowed.  "What do you mean?"
"Steve?" repeated Sam.
"Actually, it might be better to raise it with our values instead of trying to program it.  You saw how quickly the Maximoff girl got into the asset's head. Karpov said he'd wiped him completely, but--"
thought his mind hysterically.
"Yes! You look awesome!" Jed said, appearing as they emerged out of the tent. She was clearly very excited, bouncing up and down on either foot. "Come on. Breakfast is this way. It's basically just cereal and toast.  So we'll go over our final plan of action after breakfast. Then we get into the minivans and we go. Some of us will have to walk back because we could not afford enough vehicles to take all of
The two turned the corner.  One was a beta, the other an Alpha.
"Do you want to stay the night?" Laura asked warmly.
Instead, he turned and walked over to the door, turning the knob delicately and walking out into the hall with its impersonal, too-bright florescent lighting.
.  While they weren't exactly nerding out just yet (Tony usually took a few minutes before he started whipping out a mechanical pencil and drawing electrical designs and mathematical equations on the backs of napkins), Steve could feel it coming.
"Pants," said both simultaneously; Tony was only in boxer-briefs.
, that it's one guy, one
"Please more... one more... cum for me... omega... g'boy... g'boy..." huffed Tony against Steve's neck.  He was coming down from his orgasm and was getting a limp, watery, deliciously sleepy sensation. He never felt more comfortable, more at home, when they were like this, tangled together, knotted, one entity, their bond a physical thing.
"He's sixth or seventh in line, if I recall correctly!" shouted Jameson, pausing outside the doors to a banquet hall.  "Well, here's where I'm leaving you, ladies! Behave yourselves! Come on, Stark, let's go! Don't worry about the omegas, they'll be fine..."
He thought about Bucky's fingers on the back of his neck and his chest constricted.
you were an omega, Steve.  And come on, you
"Party in the USA!" Banksy exclaimed and Boswell rolled his eyes.
The conversation turned more serious again with Danielle, as she began talking about her own personal experiences and struggles. Then Boswell turned to Steve, looking almost curious.
Kate was on the third hostile.
He paused there.  Steve's stomach was flat and hard.  He couldn't ever even imagine Steve pregnant.  Male omegas always looked different than females, their bulges a little less prominent.  But nonetheless, those bulges were noticeable, especially at the end.  And their features always softened a little, their faces and chests.  Tony couldn't imagine Steve looking like that, any more than he could imagine himself being a good father.  Tony had abandoned the idea of ever having a family shortly after his own was killed.
Steve's chest seized a little. He was one of those optimists who still thought people were inherently good. But they could still surprise him, it turns out. "That's kinda amazing," he murmured and Aria went quiet for a brief moment.
"What?  Why?"
"You just mated me, for real. You're not seriously gonna run off to go just get a drink now?" Steve asked, sounding almost timid as if he were afraid of the answer.
"Mr. Stark, with all due respect, it's not your call," said Coulson.  Tony wanted to smack the smug little omega right out of his chair.
, okay?  And I know I went to go get him. But I don't abandon people I care about, I can't do it- no matter how fucked up in they head they are. But that doesn't mean I'm in love with him or nothing. I'm here and I'm in love with
"Mr. Stark's, of course," Donner's voice was soft, like he knew he was treading on risky ground.
They headed upstairs, everyone peeling away to different rooms.
Another sigh.
Pepper hummed, sounding unconvinced. "True. Well, it's late Steve...let me know how it goes. I probably won't see you two until the board meetings. But call if you need anything," she said and then she surprised Steve by pulling him into a hug. She squeezed him. "Thank you," Pepper murmured. "For being here. You have no idea."
"And yes, the baby was Tony's. And I was three weeks along. I didn't know until it happened."
Tony swallowed, suddenly uncomfortably aware of how close Steve was to him.
Tony relaxed, but only marginally.
"...I suppose."
"Tony, go downstairs.
When Steve woke the next day Tony was still asleep beside him. He grabbed his phone, replying to Ty, Natasha and Aria in thanks for their support and understanding.  He knew it looked bad, being at this conference, but he was also confident that everyone would realize he was trying to sabotage it by the end.
First steps first.  He ought to introduce himself.
exclaimed Tony from the floor, feeling furious about the entire circumstance and also in a fair amount of pain.  "
"If I asked you to kill me, would you?" Steve asked, voice empty.
"I could still get to my family's by tonight if I left in the next few hours," Pepper pointed out softly, testing the waters.
Steve and Fury gestured to the backs of their necks.
"What sort of precautions were there in the forties to help protect omegas in heat?"
Sitwell nodded in agreement. He looked around the room and stared at the ruined sofa. He sighed. "How the hell can we protect him in this state..."
"Один. Товарный вагон."
Pepper groaned loudly.  "Are you
"Hang on." Steve felt around his pockets. "I need my keys."
"Iron Man with an iron deficiency?  That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard.  I'm just cooling off, these lights are hell. Plus, Steve's like, a million degrees," said Tony, pressed against Steve's body.
"You're in?" asked Sam.
to shoot me. I could feel that too."
Steve cocked his head, frowning a little. "You know about...that?"
"You want me to spend
Bucky pointed with delight.  There was a red spiral notebook with a black star on the cover.
"...they're wacky to me, yeah.  Doesn't meant they're bad, or wrong," said Tony.  "In fact, I kind of like 'em. Giving a person agency seems to me like a good thing."
Tony rolled over but didn't move to get up.  He lay on the floor, breathing shallowly, one hand on his chest.  He could feel the arc reactor's warmth through his clothes.  Natasha was staring down at him, her face haloed by energy-efficient bulbs.
Fate was a cruel thing, wasn't it?
He and Steve helped each other into the shower.  The sheets were clearly ruined; they had had to be replaced after their last heat, and this time was no different.  Tony opened the door to the balcony so they could get some air; they ended up fucking on the floor moments later. But they were both more lucid than they had been for days.
He kept his arm and head resting against Steve's on the drive home.  As they went north on the Pacific Coast Highway, the traffic got worse and worse, and it was apparent why; clustered outside the iron gates of Tony's estate were news vans and more protesters.  It was a mixed crowd, both for and against Steve, and there was a population of police keeping them separate. Tony winced. He'd had protests outside his house before but it was usually over a bombing in some little Middle Eastern Country.  When the Sokovian Civil War broke out, Tony had had to take a chopper for weeks. He'd never even
Tony stared at Sean as he peered into the fridge, feeling confused.  Why was Sean being so nice to him?  He had been prepared to offer the guy money, grab a bottle, and run back to Steve's place.  He hadn't expected to be invited in and poured a glass.
Phil watched Steve go.  He was unbonded and didn't fully understand what Steve must be going through right now.  But the misery was palpable. Even a beta could probably feel it.
His hands trailed down to cup Steve's balls, roll them around a bit, gently; Steve was still eagerly riding Tony; Tony waited for him to clench against before grasping his member again to jerk it.  They'd gotten good, really good, at coordinating their orgasms, something Tony considered was evidence of a strong relationship.
"I have," conceded Gleason with a tip of the head.
Tony's body tensed as Steve's mouth roamed over it; he let out a mewl of longing when Steve's tongue finally dragged over the tip of his erection.  Steve's breath ghosted over the moist skin and he arched, aching for more contact with his tongue; Steve was nuzzling his thigh, though, teasing him.
Steve heard the Winter Soldier's footsteps and went still like a wild animal caught in the grass, his fingers clenched in the snow. His cheek was freezing, almost painfully so, but it had woken him up the second he'd fallen to the floor. Whatever he'd just seen hadn't been real, had it? But it was so clear cut and precise. Howard's face had been so sharp and yet he hadn't really been there. Steve hadn't seen that face for seventy years.
"Heat's over.  We can still make it, Pep.  Please?" He offered her a hand.
"Aww, you guys are so cute.  I think it's great how you don't care what people think," said Tracy.
In any case, the reality was, now that everyone knew that Captain America was an omega, they were going to start staring at the back of his neck, eager to be the first to report if and when he paired.  Tony would prefer that he and Steve controlled that announcement instead of the tabloids.
"Tell that Steve, he lived through the
"...Tony?  ...I can barely hear you, I think we have a bad connection.  Is it true you're at the AU convention? You're pissing off a lot of your fanbase.  What can I do for you?" asked David pleasantly, without any hint of judgement.
"You argue with people you love. You...negotiate, you work things out. You can't just do everything he tells you and call that a relationship, that's like the definition of--" He could say
neck."
Steve!  I told you, I'm not hungry!  Or tired! Lemme down! Shower sounds like a good idea!  Can we have sex in the shower?" Tony kept up a constant stream of babble as Steve carried him up the stairs.
"I'm stealing that story," said Tony, who looked delighted with the idea of laughing so hard one could get an olive up the nose.
Tony didn't consider himself squeamish, but there was a reason he was an engineer and not a biologist.  Steve's smell was strong and it made Tony feel strangely aroused and sleepy at the same time. It tapped into the same primal part of his brain that bristled at Alphas who looked at Steve a certain way.
be our home?  Look, look how happy all the omegas are here."  She gestured. Farther along the beach, a couple of young omegas were laughing and running around after a beach ball.  One was in post-heat but she seemed unbothered by it.
Steve doubted Tony had been thinking of that and also doubted he'd known the phases of the moon when they had bonded.
"Come on, Tony, drop it!"
about it Phil."
The soldier stared at him, eyes blank.  "What omega?" he asked.
.  Oh, gosh, it hurts... can we call... can we call Banksy?  And George? And Aria? And Pepper?" asked Donner. "Oh gosh... it... it actually really hurts a lot.  It feels like there's hot iron bands across my lower back. And an electric drill on my insides. And--"
"Tell Bucky to go to hell.  And
Bucky frowned at him.
need for you to be self-conscious."
). She grunted with the effort and it felt like her arms were going to pop out of her sockets when she attempt to lift Steve, and immediately gave up on the idea. Sam woke with a gasp and a splutter.
When Steve's finger slid along his wrist, the soldier's whole body shivered with delight, the hair on the back of his neck rising.
"Okay.  Explain," said Fury, folding his hands neatly.  He nodded to Steve. "Tell me what happened."
"Remember... we're doing this for the omegas... for kids like Piper," said Tony firmly.  "...and also I'm getting a
"Why is this happening to me.  Yinsen.  Please.  I don't wanna die," said Tony, looking up, shivering.  "Can't I just-- just-- replace it--?"
"Полковник! Сэр!"
He glared at Steve, shaking with barely controlled rage.  He was pretty pleased he'd managed to get all that out as eloquently as he had, considering how thick the pheromones in the room were.  His body was screaming at him to just
They all stared at the door uselessly. Of course, there was only a sliver of glass they could see through and the only thing that was visible was the metal staircase.
"Wait, I'm still doing that?"
Steve was peering at the box again, trying to pry off the lid. But it was hard because his fingers wouldn't stop shaking.
in response. It was definitely a positive response but that didn't make it any less overwhelming.  The crowd had evaporated into a series of blinding flashes from cameras and cell phones.  Steve just focused on the grounding touch of Tony's hand on his neck.
She glanced over at Tony.  "...I'm just going to ask him to step out while we chat... excuse me... Mr. Stark?"
reasonable, Obes," and then closed them again.  It took Steve a moment to realize that Tony was still asleep.
"Danielle was extremely impressed with your performance on Banksy and Boswell.  You know, Tommy's been a member of SA for years now," said Stone, blowing gently on his coffee to cool it.
"The vice president?"
"Jesus Christ, I had no idea you pulled this many G’s in the suit."
"Matter."
"Well I was too sick for that. I think I would have been sold with the intention of lasting one night," Steve breathed and began and to feed Tony's small pieces of apple along with grapes.
The elevator chimed and the doors slide open.  Tony pushed Aria out of the way to wrap an arm around Steve's waist.  "You did great. Seriously. With all the shit he was saying to you, you really kept your cool, Steve."
"Yeah," Steve sighed. "S'nothing new. It's fine."
He stood and walked over to kiss the top of Tony's head. "Sleep well Tony," he murmured. "I'm glad I could help." Then he sat by the bedside, hands carding through Tony's hair until he drifted off into a troubled sleep of headlights moving down long, winding roads and pleading brown eyes.
How hard it must have been to be a stubborn, assertive, type-A omega back in Steve's time.
," she snarled.
"Well, we're still bonded and we have two kids so whether I like it or not, I can't just hang up when he calls!"
He looked at Steve.  His face was... perfect.  Flawless.
The drive to the studio felt too quick and before Steve knew it him and Tony were being plonked down into make-up chairs and their hair was being fixed. Aria leaned against the table top beside Steve, tapping away on her phone. "When is the conference?"
Steve sat in companionable silence next to Phil.  He'd never shared a heat with another omega before.  It was kind of nice.  Less lonely.
He'd gotten so used to sleeping with Steve that, when he'd retired to the lodge, he'd found the experience of sleeping alone to be dreadful.  Consequently he mostly passed out on the couch after a night of drinking and playing video games, waking to find Pepper had draped a blanket over him.
"Seven fingers, glass of water, and half of Coulson's sandwich," said Tony.
"Fuck," whispered Tony to Steve as the waiter vanished.  "...this is so fucking surreal. ...I'm gonna need something stronger than wine.  ...Piper looked like she was like, fifteen." He reached up to scratch at his collar again.  Steve's comment about "protecting the youngest" gave him the heebie-jeebies. It was like they were on a sinking ship without enough lifeboats.  "...I'm worth like twelve billion... I could probably buy them all..." he said. Depending on how many there were, and how much they went for.
"It's a masterpiece," said Tony, trying to get the painting to hang straight.  "Please tell me you didn't bring us another damned orchid."
Steve looked livid.
. Don't worry about a stupid gland. But if you really wanted help figuring out where it is, I bet Gleason would know. I imagine he has to know that sort of stuff.  And at least you're
. He also only had another few hours before the heat hit him again and he didn't even know if Tony would come back up or if he would just...leave him, like this.
The beta frowned, but clearly thought it was best for Steve to stay far away from the other omegas, lest he "corrupt" them.  "Fine... but you're not allowed in the hospitality suite or grand ballroom or any of the show rooms without your Alpha. ...Ah, excuse me, Mike!  Mike, could you escort this omega outside to the parking garage, please?"
yet; I'm thirteen!"  Edgar looked thoroughly offended.
"...thank you so much for your help, Francine.  Please forward me the referral and also, if you could send a link to a donation page, I'd like to contribute to your school for its upstanding work.  Give my regards to Ms. Turner," said George. Francine thanked him and he reached over to press a button and end the call.
did." Tony's voice was calm and quiet, not at all accusatory.
The bite was sore again. Raw and fresh, sensitive and scarred skin stinging weakly at Tony's touch. Steve liked it. It took him a moment to process Tony's words. He found himself oddly distracted. "Black licorice...I dunno. It's alright I guess. I don't hate it, I enjoy eating it... but there's better licorice out there. Like raspberry. I
Bucky's fingers were rough.
He tried to push away Gideon's touch but he could barely move his own arms. He could feel panic rising in his chest. Steve, for once, was actually afraid of Gideon. For once he wasn't the stronger one. He was defenseless and he'd put himself in this goddamn position.  His gut had told him something was wrong with the STRIKE team. Steve knew he couldn't have gone with Rumlow. But then they were just following orders, weren't they? They must have still known something was up.  And the water.  Steve had known it tasted weird.  He never should have finished it.
Tony lay there, breathing hard, concentrating on the rhythm of his breaths.  One hand was on his chest, feeling the arc reactor, its warmth a comforting reminder that he was alive.  Behind him, he heard vomiting, and Natasha's low voice.
Tony looked up sharply.  God, yes, he did.
.  While Alphas and omegas were linking arms and marching around trying to get arranged bonding to be outlawed, Tony was rewatching the movie over and over, oblivious to history happening all around him.
"We've been drivin' for hours.  Can't we take a break?" Bucky was trying not to be difficult, but he was sick of sitting in the car.  More than anything in the world, he wanted to find a bed and lay down in it with Steve in his arms and kiss him like they used to before the war.  "It's gettin' late and we still haven't eaten. C'mon, let's find a nice restaurant. Let me take you out on a date, Steve. It's been ages. You need to unwind.  What'd you say?" Bucky was hoping Steve would see the sense in what Bucky was saying. They couldn't just drive forever. Did Steve even know where he was going? For once, Bucky was thinking not about the present, but the future.  For once, he cared about where he was going.
"It's actually very, very common," said Dr. McDermott during one of his check-ins.  "Family members often cycle together, and the pheromones from a heat can induce labor."
He turned; two people on the street were staring, one beta and one omega.
you need to be concerned about," Steve breathed and the underlying threat was goddamn evident. There was another moment of a quiet awkwardness when no one was sure what was going to happen. Steve's hands flexed by his sides; hands that were
Or maybe he did.  But not with Pepper.
Tony didn't think about it much but deep down, a huge amount of his resentment for Howard stemmed from that accident.  Howard had been the one behind the wheel.  Had he been drinking?  No clue.  Certainly possible.  This was one of Tony's darkest thoughts, that his mother and father had died as a result of Howard's negligence... that Howard's final act had been to take Tony's parents from him at the age of 16.
Surreal.  That's what it was, surreal, the two of them sitting naked on the floor of Steve's living room, while the muted people on the television gesticulated wildly.
"We don't know what scripts they'll run by us yet," said Brent.  "Don't agree to anything until we approve, Steve. It's important that you project a good image."
The blond jumped the span of two buildings, rolled, kept running.  He jumped onto another building, he was skidding and slipping in the snow, and so was the soldier, and it would have been comical if the stakes hadn't felt so high.
Three of them had died less than a meter from the vehicle and the fourth had been shot in the cave.  Made an example of.
gesture.
"I'll be good, seriously. I don't want to piss him off anymore. I'm worried about what it'll make him do to his own mate." Steve said, staring up at the sky. He felt awful for Donner, like somehow looking like him made him accountable for what happened...which was ridiculous, even if that it is why Gideon bought him in the first place. "And I really want to be able to go to England. Peggy's birthday isn't long after Tony's.  I want to go see her, once we get these monitor things off."  Steve didn't say it, but he didn't know how much time Peggy had left.
, he thought, thinking of Jeff and Brent's twins and how the little drooly thing had been handed to him.  Ugh. Babies.
One of Tony's bodyguards reached over to shake his shoulder.  "Hey, boss, wake up."
They disappeared out the door a few minutes later. Donner watched with a frown, waffle being chewed slowly.
Steve was left shivering and clammier than he had been before.
Steve remained quiet.
And he meant it. If Gideon wanted Steve to kneel he would have to bully him into it, physically. And despite being stiff and tired Steve would kick and writhe through all of it. This felt like an awful lot of effort for Gideon just to get him to kneel for him. Steve didn't trust that he would let him go. He said he wanted a night. Steve didn't want to know what that meant. And he sure as hell wouldn't ever cooperate.
"He wore the collar so we would be equal, because the conference wouldn't let me in without one," Steve explained patiently. "So if you mean he's an Alpha who treats me like a person and not a subordinate, then yes, I guess he's different." Steve's smile was faultless but anyone who knew him well would know it wasn't genuine. "And he knelt down because that's tradition. He wasn't inferring anything by it."
sharper than he needed to, well, he could just blame it on lack of experience. Nothing would ever get harder than driving a tank. Steve's long artist's fingers moved over the curve of the wheel easily. He felt more at ease than he'd expected to. Maybe that was because Tony was right beside him.  Or maybe it was how much more responsive cars in 2010 were t han they had been in 1945.
But he no longer really had a choice.  There was no substitute for palladium, and he couldn't live without the reactor, not even for a minute, not anymore.  The electromagnetism had scrambled his pacemaker cells permanently.  It wasn't just keeping the shrapnel out, but keeping his heartbeats regular.  Without it, he would go into cardiac arrest within minutes.
Why was this bothering him so much?
"You bet."
By the time Steve came home from his run, Tony was up, drinking blearily.  He reached for Steve the moment he saw him, embracing him, nuzzling into his neck, giving the bruise there a gentle lick.
you, Donner. Look, we can't fight your battles for you forever. The only way you can be safe is if you refuse to go with them yourself. Else they'll accuse us of forcing you to stay here." Donner looked conflicted. It didn't look like he refused much throughout his life. "Please."
"Having a rough night, Stark?"
"...there's no way for us omegas break bonds, I'm afraid, that anyone knows," Gleason said sympathetically.
"T-Tony...A-Alpha..." Steve struggled to get the words out. The utter
!" growled Natasha, while Tony rubbed his head.
"A conversation about bonding," said Tony.  "...about me!  ...what's she saying?"
"We're leaving. Thank you, but we're good now," Steve told him and moved them on. The nurse didn't look convinced but he certainly wasn't going to argue with Captain America either.
"...at least it's not an orchid," he joked, pointing.  "...listen, I'm... I'm gonna go back to bed. I'm sorry everything feels so crappy, but it's gonna get better.  Just think about Malick's face when we show up to the AU conference in a couple of weeks." Tony offered Steve a little smile of encouragement.
"No, it was perfect."
. But in the fight we have to be professional, because lives are on the line. Including our own." He pecked his lips before pulling back.
He was woken when the jet landed; the vibrations on his ankle were excruciating. Steve immediately tensed, knowing they would be coming for him. He steeled himself for when the door opened, debating whether he ought to try to fight, or run, or bide his time.
Tony looked away.  "He touched your neck.  You liked it. I felt that.  Was that part of
Pepper relaxed noticeably when they dragged Steve and Tony off and followed Aria outside.  Pepper often joked that she'd take up drinking or smoking, but never had. It just wasn't in her nature.  She hardly even drank coffee.
Steve blushing beneath him.
"I think I always knew," Steve said. "But I don't think always knowing really made any difference."
"We kid around, we're buddies, you know," said Justin, smiling at her.
their support because he could support himself just fine.
him if she were still alive.
"Morgan."
Steve was fast and all, but was he fast enough to run across the street and take out eight guys without getting shot once?  Tony doubted it. Steve was human. He wasn't invincible. His reflexes were good but they weren't dodging-a-bullet-good. Maybe they could try to snipe these guys but then, once the first once dropped, wouldn't the rest scatter?  Tony was at a loss to know how he and Steve-- really, just Steve, he was useless-- were supposed to get the thing without getting injured themselves.
Steve swallowed thickly and stared down at the floor. "He... he smelt like him. I already told Tony that."
There wasn't much to go on.  The guy operated alone. He always wore a mask.  He never left a trace behind, no hair, no fingerprints, just--
"Oh, God, mute it, I fucking hate that guy... I can't deal with this... where's Rogers?  I need a smoothie."
Steve also felt a little bad at coming over the outfit himself. But then, the people who had shoved him up on that stage were assholes, so fuck 'em.
"Where's your, uh... your partner? Chloe, right?"
Fury made the mistake of opening the door between the observation room and the simulation chamber;
"You're mean," Steve whispered with a fond chuckle and shook his head at the desperate crowds they left behind.  Happy ushered them into a quiet, back-alley area that was for staff only. The reporters were incensed. Steve knew his neck was a hundred percent on display right now and with all these flashes- photos of his mating bite would be all over the news tomorrow.
He closed his eyes.  Steve was right about memory foam being amazing; Tony hadn't slept in his own bed since back in December and it felt wonderful.
Cooper nodded.
"HYDRA's," Steve whispered, hands curling into fists.
"I'm going," he announced.
It was like falling back onto a big, fluffy bed.
But then Steve mentioned it was his birthday and Tony shut up.
He followed, toweling his hair off.  He felt thoroughly refreshed from his morning nap.  Steve seemed to be doing better, too. The news about Donner had put a damper over the house, a little stormcloud of worry... but knowing that in a few short days they would take care of it, that a plan had been put into motion, was encouraging.
Tony gasped in surprise and jumped up indignantly, glaring at Rhodes.
Donner nodded, accepting the cup and curling slim fingers around it. "Was it true...what you said? About Tony letting you be with another Alpha?"
"The bonding gland, Tony."
ready!" barked Tony, still grinning.  He was already clearly tipsy even though midnight was several hours away, and his arms were wrapped around the waists of two giggly women.
"Probably a misdial, then.  Send it to voicemail," said Tony lazily.  He shivered again. "Seriously, how are you not cold?"
Tony closed his eyes at the feeling of Steve's kiss.  He was furious at himself but no words could communicate the feeling of watching his omega being injured in front of him, so he opted to say nothing.  He was wincing automatically as they moved his injured ankle but his primary focus was on Steve and Steve alone.
"Er-- yes, if you-- if you want to keep it, yes," said Dr. Gleason, who seemed to find Donner's reaction unexpected.
"Tell whoever is closest to bring me a bottle of champagne."  Tony cracked an eye open at Steve.  "...you're a good omega," he murmured quietly.  "...I love you, Steve.  I'm proud of you.  You... you please me."  He closed the guy, a faint smile on his face.  "...it's weird how bonding hijacks your brain.  Makes you go crazy.  I kinda like it, though."
"No.  It's not Steve.  I know Steve."
. And now he was willing to get Donner back in order to bargain with Steve himself, or just to prove he could. But either way it was because he ultimately wanted Steve, not Donner. Donner was just second best and better behaved. It was easier, more accessible, but he would never be what Gideon really wanted. Once Aria had joked:
Pepper sighed.  "Yes."
Steve left all the tactical gear in the back of the car to make sure nothing would grab anyone's attention. Then he grimaced before spitting on the case and wiping the blood away. There was still a pair of handcuffs attached but there wasn't much Steve really could do about that. It was nearing 11 pm, however, so the hotel staff would be the night shift. There would at least be less people around.
"Don't talk like that," Natasha said firmly and squeezed Steve's shoulder.  "Tony wants you.  Your old bond doesn't matter; that was over half a century ago.  He'll come around, Steve in time.  He just needs time."
The butler was suddenly there with them, looking thoroughly uncomfortable.  "...clothes for you, Captain?" he offered, holding up a dry cleaning bag on a hanger.  "These should fit.  I'm... sorry to interrupt..."
"Better Giddy than Ronnie," said Fred.  "I hear he
"Yes'm," mumbled Tony, squirming in Pepper's steel grip like a schoolboy who was in trouble.  He made grabby hands at Steve.
"You know," said Richard, pleasantly, "epidurals can be administered to the neck to help lower hackles.  ...it's not really good for the muscles in the back of the neck to keep them raised that long."
There were three messages from an unknown number.
that I was interested in... I mean, you seem... like... like you're a good omega and all..." said Tony, awkwardly.  He had no idea how to deal with criers.
"Melinda, I'm-"
"Hey, c'mon, man, I was a POW," protested Tony weakly, tapping his chest.  "...and I wasn't even enlisted!"
"You can sleep where ever you want," said Tony.  Why was Steve asking him permission now? About sleeping, of all things?  He hadn't asked permission when he'd disappeared for twenty-four hours to go hang out with his other Alpha.
classical music. Now everyone was going on about Bowie and the Beatles. Why people were naming their bands after insects he would never understand.
Tom, who was both camp and over enthusiastic in mannerisms, shooed at him. "Go! Shower; we need you squeaky clean."
Phil jerked back in alarm.  "I'm an omega, Stark! I can't hurt him!"
party.  But he wasn't there and everyone was still laughing, drinking, dancing, joking.  He wasn't the center of the universe.  He wasn't anything.  Cosmically, he was... insignificant.  Did that make his impending death better, or worse?  Tony couldn't tell.  His heart was pounding.  His mouth was dry.
Steve sent Sam an apology text canceling their plans to go running, then moved to change into his (now usual) jeans, tee and jacket. Tony was dead asleep as he left but he did leave a note on the bedside.
T'Chaka waved a hand.  "No. Any Stark missiles that cross into our lands will be taken care of by Wakanda herself, and any who use them on my people will feel the wrath of Wakandan royalty.  We do not need any Western intervention and, indeed, prefer to be left alone. We value very much our autonomy. Consider yourself absolved, Mr. Stark. Your missiles are not yours in my land.  They are only missiles and I will personally ensure those that use them are held responsible."
Steve huffed and screwed his eyes shut, leaning his forehead against the wall. "Go away, Phil."
"I'm great at multi-tasking."
Luckily, when they got back to the hotel, there were no reporters at all; they were probably all out stalking of Fifth Ave.'s most prestigious jewelry stores.
photo, so... really, anything was possible.
"A pleasure, Captain," she said.
He looked up to see Donner, who knelt down next to him. "Steve, can you hear me?"
"DeSoto was very good.  He's a great omega. Absolutely the best," said Tony.  DeSoto beamed, looking hopefully up at Ron. Ron patted his shoulder.
"No one human could have survived that fall," he said quietly.  "He's dead.  He's
Pepper crossed the room toward the corner kitchenette with in a few short clicks, grabbed a glass, walked over, and pulled away the decanter, shoving the glass into Tony's hand.
Steve sat cross legged on the bed as he picked his way through fish and chips, and a prawn cocktail.
Bucky gritted his teeth a little and walked into the next room.  In his notebook, he flipped open to the page titled "TARGETS," and wrote down, "purple orchid, Stark's, Smithsonian."
They ended on a light note, though: plans for Christmas and wishes for a good new year, and then they passed off the show to Mariah Carey, and everyone relaxed.
"...we?  Is Rogers there?  I thought he moved out."
"Thank you, sir," said JARVIS.
God. This was tricky.
"Mad doesn't begin to cover it," Nick cut it in coolly. He glanced to Tony, still asleep, then back to Steve.
There had been a sudden shift in the atmosphere.  Once jovial, it had turned hostile. Half of the Alphas there were grinning wolfishly at Tony's trick and the other half looked thoroughly offended on Malick's behalf.  Everyone's hackles were up and the tension in the air was palpable.
"Soldier.  Your mission is to stay alive, understand?  You're too valuable to us to fight anymore and you are weak right now.  Your objective is to protect yourself, and to protect the girl," directed Karpov.
"...I don't see anything," said Tony, a bit defensively.
Poor James/Doug.  Steve knew all too well how hard it was for single moms.
He brought Donner some chamomile tea to help settle his stomach after being sick. He found him perched on the bed of one of their guest rooms. "Here. This should help you get some rest."
"Yeah," said Tony, smiling down at Steve.  "You need breakfast." He wiggled a little to sit up, still playing with Steve's collar.  "...kneel for me and I'll take this off for you," he said quietly. He smiled. Steve made him feel like an Alpha, one who didn't feel the constant, pressing need to prove his dominance.
"Certainly," JARVIS chimed. "Adding to order. ETA for your pizza is in an hour."
and he wasn't prepared to give up this feeling for just about anything.
"Why doesn't he speak?" asked the omega.
Then, out of nowhere, it hit him.  At first he thought someone had punched him in the throat.  His airway constricted, his chest tightened, and he was suddenly frozen with an unfamiliar sensation.  He looked around, wildly, but he was perfectly alone and there was no obvious reason why his body was reacting this way.
Stone stared at Steve with a look of alarm.
"I'm sure he cared about you, Tony," said Natasha softly.
Steve's next words were like a punch to the gut.  "When our--"echeod Tony.  It went unsaid but they were both thinking it.
. Oh my God, you're on right now. Just- go, get, it's fine," fussed Pepper, practically dragged everyone after Tony, leaving Justin to the stage.
"Hey!" yelled the bartender.  "Where the hell do you think you're going?"
"No, of course no--
"...it's fine.  It's just hard. Brings back bad memories or something.  I don't know," said Tony to the ceiling, staring up into the dark, quiet room.  "I don't like it," he added, firmly. "What separates us from them, anyway? I like to think we're different but at the end of the day, the blood looks the same.  That's the thing I remember most from Afghanistan. The blood." Tony lapsed into silence, then said, gruffly, "We should've put the hand on ice."
"Tony," he whispered. "Are you alright? What can I do to make it feel better?"
He had a sick feeling in his gut, a terrible intuition that if Bucky was put in the system...that he would never get out.
No wonder Steve needed another Alpha.  Tony had been stripped of his power, of his pride, years ago.  He felt like a fool for thinking any omega would want him after what had been done to him.
He met Tony at the airport later and was already waiting for him on the plane itself with a tablet in his lap, typing away.  Tablets were wonderful, miracle devices: a world of information, whole encyclopedias and calendars at a man's fingertips.  Steve loved them.
He caught a glimpse of Steve's neck and felt a flutter of worry.  He'd bitten in deep. He hadn't even realized how much damage he was doing; it was instinct.  Did omegas like that? He reached up to ruffle the hair on the back of his own neck; it had spiked a little when Gleason had touched him there.  It was weird how different their instincts were. The way Steve had arched into Tony automatically, eager, when Tony bit down...
The drawing was good. Steve had had time to work in a lot of details while Sam and Tony had been rolling around on the floor. The eyes were angry.
He looked up at Bucky breathlessly, with a smile on his face.
He hobbled off of the jet with his back soldier-straight, his head held high, trying not to reveal just how bad his ankle was paining him. Struggling now would just lead to more injuries and hamper any future chances he might have at escape. With the cuffs on, he had none.
"Pep, c'mon--"  Tony was following her at a safe distance, not wanting to get slapped.
There were vases of fresh roses on the coffee table.  The drapes looked heavy; Tony peeked out the window, then zipped off to the bathroom.  He had a habit of checking every room whenever he went to a hotel, as if there might be someone hiding in the bathtub for him with a knife.  Steve was used to Tony's paranoid checks by now.
So helpful, as always.
Pepper cleared her throat loudly.  "Boys. Are you okay with skipping the lodge?"
and they
"...Bucky did it because that Russian man told him to, not because he
equal
"...JARVIS?" he asked.
Clint looked confused.
He followed Steve out onto the street.  The area they found themselves in was not really a tourist area and because of the cold mist that was falling, no one was out.  The street was silent. The address Fury had given them was a warehouse, and the warehouse stood dark and silent on the street. There were a few lights but nothing to indicate anything illicit going on inside.
"Another martini, sir?" asked one of the women currently kneading his shoulders.
Steve sighed and ran a hand over his face. He hated nerves. They sucked.
Once he was in the air, there was nothing to hit.  Tony paused for a moment over the house, hovering.  The front entrance was littered with broken glass.  He remembered with some guilt how he'd tossed Rhodey around.  Tony was good at pushing people around.  Or away.  Whatever.  Same diff.
, Steve.  Best Mexican in town's El Coyote... you want traditional, we can go to Swingers... whatever, Steve, I don't care.  I'm not picky."
Steve rolled his eyes. "No Nat, we're fine."
"You should; you did spent half a million on the guy. He
Steve blinked, seeming surprised at himself and Brennan watched him curiously.
took away from him."
"You know, every year, people write in Captain America in elections," said Aria without a trace of humor.  "In fact, I think you were elected mayor to a couple of towns in the seventies, Steve."
He and Steve went to find Happy reading a tabloid in a white Audi with tinted windows.
He smiled.
"...and we... need someone we can trust... you know, to... make sure Steve take his medicine.  And it can't be an Alpha, and... well, I'm attracted to Pepper, and Sam and Rhodey are Alphas, and... and we need someone who can, you know.  Help us."
"Steve, Tony, it's me... you gotta come down to the hospital, now--"
"Oh, and here's his deputy, Judy..."  Judy was an omega. "...she's ready to start slappin' on some cuffs, aren't you, Judy?  ...back there are the outhouses, and then if you look to your right, you'll see the tent where we've got the generators--"  Tony's nose wrinkled at the word
"That's what I have you for, buddy... Omega!" he called, spotting Steve talking to Sam.  "Omega, come here, I wanna cuddle you..." He turned to Rhodes with a grin. "I'm a bonded man, Rhodey, and I love it."
Steve was soaking wet, perfectly slippery, but still tight; his body practically sucked Tony in and it took only two pushes, two little grunts of effort, to get the knot in.
"...is it in your room?" he asked, offering Steve his hand, giving Steve the opportunity to lead the way.  Steve's room, his studio, was the only place in the house that Tony shied away from. It was a sacred space and Tony understood a person's need for privacy.  His shop was like that. He'd only ever been in there with Steve, under his supervision. Ditto for the sketchbooks. Tony suspected there were, perhaps, some things in there that Steve didn't want him to see.  Maybe pictures of war, or, worse, Bucky. In any case, Tony wasn't artistically inclined and therefore didn't really care. Tony's snooping usually only involved the digital world.
Tony tried to be on his best behavior for Pepper.  Neither of them mentioned the reason why Steve was absent, but Tony thought about it constantly.  It was like a song that was stuck in his head, playing over and over.  He found himself wondering what Steve was doing with alarming frequency.  Was he naked?  Hard?  Wet?  Was he thinking of Tony, or did he not care?  Steve wasn't pair-bonded.  He could seek relief from any Alpha at all.  But Tony had an inkling that Steve wasn't that kind of guy.  He was willing to bet that Steve would suffer proudly through his heat without any Alpha intervention at all.  The idea of him writhing around in his bed somewhere, palming himself, seeking relief that he couldn't get, was strangely arousing to Tony.
Tony felt a bit of shame for being so worried it ws Bucky's bite mark and not his.  It could, of course, be worse, from an omega's standpoint. It could be an unreadable mess of scar tissue.  Tony had seen omegas with necks like that and he felt the same knee-jerk revulsion to that as he did when he saw a woman who had had a butchered mastectomy.  It was unnatural; bonding markings were supposed to be neat and clean, the outline of the teeth obvious... the fingerprint of the Alpha that had put the scar there.  Bonds that healed badly meant either the Alpha had fucked up, or multiple Alphas had torn the gland apart. Either way, it was grotesque.
"...but no ankle-showing, or doing the Charleston together, or anything racey like that?" asked Tony.
Yes. Those were clothes.
It kind of felt like Gideon was punishing him. Punishing Steve. But he didn't want to say it out loud and sound like a self-centered asshole.
"Hospitals don't have onion rings," said Tony defensively.
Steve dressed in dark skinny jeans and a dark blue shirt with a black waistcoat on top. It was stylish but understated, nothing too flashy. He pushed a little product into his hair to keep it out of his eyes before he headed downstairs to find a stressed out-looking Pepper pointing men with bottles in certain directions. It was eight, and the guests were due to arrive in an hour, and Pepper looked like it.
"Mute," said Tony grumpily, then changed his mind and said, "...actually, go back to reading Steve's headlines.  At least one of us is doing some good in this world..."
"What?  What's it doing?!" asked Tony eagerly, sitting bolt upright.
"That's not so--" began Tony.
Steve noticed that Maria was buried to Howard's right, and to his left was Edwin and Ana Jarvis ("loyal and faithful companions").  It was fairly conventional for trios to be buried with the omega on the left.
Tony listened to the agents banter, keeping his face arranged in a blank mask.  A memory floated to his mind, an old memory of Obadiah admonishing him for his expressiveness, telling him to grow a damn beard if he couldn't keep a straight face.  That had been a long time ago.  Tony had gotten very good at controlling his expressions.  And also, he'd grown a beard.
Wanda patted his knee, looking uncomfortable, unwilling to point out that Bucky
He bit down, gently, trying to find any sort of familiarity.  Yes-- there were the marks for the upper canines. He bit harder, a little more confidently, tugging on Steve's skin, wrapping his arms around his omega's body.  He felt a bloom of heat between his legs and he let out a soft growl of pleasure.
"Tony. Hey. Don't panic. Please stop--" Steve grunted in relief when Tony stopped wiggling. He really was very sensitive down there right now and Tony squirming around was not helping him stay comfortable. "And the reason I'm so tight is because we're always too impatient for proper foreplay," he pointed out and tried to reach for his phone.
Both Mackenzie and Aria snorted, but Donner remained steadfast in his insistence.  The afternoon turned to evening, then to night, and still, with every contraction, Donner cried out but continued to maintain a firm level of positivism.
"Doctor Gleason would like to know if he could come upstairs soon to check Steve over?" JARVIS' voice chimed over head, breaking the quiet of the moment.
"No," Steve muttered. "No radio."
Everyone in the jet fell silent.
"...so when I went to Phillips-- that was my boarding school-- it was all Alphas.  Also all men back that.  Sons of businessmen and politicians and stuff.  Well, there was one omega there, a guy named Ty?  He was actually my friend.  I didn't really have friends because, um, you know... well, I was a lot younger than everyone there and frankly smarter and no one would really talk to me.  Ty and me were just friends because we both felt like outsiders, I guess.  Anyway, he was bullied like crazy.  And one day, after Christmas break, I went back to school and Ty was gone.  Turns out he'd been sent to, like, some private conversion camp.  This was in the early 1980s.  I dunno if it was before or after they banned arranged bonding.  And I remember thinking, thank God that's not me.  Can you imagine?  I dunno what ever happened to him."
Steve set Tony down on the bed gently. "Now just give me a second to get out of these God-awful clothes and I'll join you."  Both of their outfits were probably ruined beyond repair.
"With all due respect, Captain, we've got a hell of a lot more of an idea about what we're dealing with now than folks did seventy years ago."
like one and looked a little feral in that moment.
by the
"Fuck 'em!"
Tony resisted the urge to groan.  "...I
Tony whipped around, ready to kill him, but caught something out of the corner of his eye.
Tony stared at him in confusion.  Was that a hint of sarcasm? It was too early in the morning to bristle.  Tony sipped Steve's coffee and winced again.
He flung open the front door, then slammed it back shut.  "Fuck.  They're in the stairwells.  Carter!"
He had to admit a very small part of him was disappointed.  But he wasn't surprised. Steve's aversion to collars, to having something touching his neck, especially after being force-bonded... Tony didn't like shit on his wrists.  He understood perfectly why Steve was reacting like this.
Tony opened his mouth, closed it, dragged a hand over his face.  "Fine," he croaked. "Dandy." He wasn't about to tell everyone staring at him that having water dumped on his face triggered a lot of very unpleasant memories.
"You seem more excited and distractable than usual..." she observed suspiciously.  "I heard a crash downstairs. Is everything o--"
Steve ran or about an hour solid on god knows how many miles an hour. At one point he was pretty sure JARVIS just told him he broke a world record but he wasn't really listening. He phased out the tinny pop music and just focused on a spot on the wall ahead. He'd broken out into a sweat and his biceps and legs thrummed with the low burn that came from the constant sprint.
"Jarvis, please inform me when Tony wakes up," Steve told the AI as he headed down the spiral staircase in his running gear.
The growl Tony let out trembled over the surface of Steve's skin. He was busy trying to catch his breath back, his cheeks pink and flushed, blue eyes dark with lust and something more. Steve curled his arms around Tony's neck, fingers tangling in the dark, thick hair at the nape on instinct. He needed something to hold onto. When Tony kissed him it was languid and Steve licked into his mouth, unafraid to explore as his body adjusted to the intrusion. When the alpha drew his mouth away Steve had even pinker cheeks than before.
"Seven more outside and two more bags of mail," said one of the landscapers.  "Where do you want these?"
"Here, this one's cherry, cherry is very similar to plum," said Pietro, picking up another one.
He saw a subway sign in the distance.
"It's impossible."
," he finished.
"Do not goddamn put me on
"But if he's dead, or
Tony doubted, somewhat, what Steve was offering.  He was surprised at how hesitant he was; he couldn't stand to be disappointed, not about this.  He didn't want to be let down.  But, strangely, that was his only misgiving. Maybe it was because they were in their honeymoon phase. Tony sure as hell didn't want to give up sleeping with gorgeous women, with supermodels and heiresses and athletes. But ever since bonding, all he'd wanted was Steve, and he liked the idea of coming out and having everyone know he'd laid claim to this omega in particular.  The
Steve was too distracted, however, to tell DeSoto off. He spotted he waiter with the floppy hair across the room. He met Steve's gaze briefly, then winked, and carried on serving champagne flutes with the politest of smiles on his face.
Steve was very much aroused himself by this point, to the extent where his running shorts were probably wet at the back. He nosed along the inside of Tony's thigh then nipped lightly at the skin there. "If you want something," he said, voice deceptively sweet. "You should ask for it."
A nurse stopped them in the corridor. "You should really be back in your beds."
want to get his clothes off, though; he was feeling far too hot.
Steve held the phone to his ear. "Seriously, who is this?" He asked. Still nothing. But Steve didn't hang up this time. He flicked the latch up and locked the door behind him. He slowly stepped into his living room.
After a moment, he looked back up.  "But the funny thing is, now that the absolute worst thing in the world happened... I don't feel paranoid anymore.  I feel like, oh, so
Iron Man didn't need emotions to keep the world safe.  Didn't need friends, either.  Didn't need anything.
"What happened in Yemen was fucked up.  You shouldn't've gone there. But I also think this gives you a chance to really... pull apart yours and Tony's relationship, and work on it.  Double-bonding doesn't make you any less of a person unless you let it. I'm not saying what happened was okay. Just that there's a silver lining here.  That sometimes, when shit happens, it's a blessing in disguise because it leads to a lot of great things happening later down the line."
No!  No, he hadn't.  He didn't want an omega.  Especially not one that had been
He had expected it to look different.
"About Eight-Four," Steve said. "I want to be ready by July, but that's not possible, is it?"
"You're right, Stan.  I mean, Steve.  I mean-- Captain?"
like Bucky, then--
"--no problem," said Tony, who now knew, thanks to their colliding, that Lydia wasn't wearing a bra under her slinky black dress.  At some point, Kitty had gotten him another scotch.
"It's nice," he agreed hoarsely.  He cleared his throat.  "...we gotta start using protection."  It was mostly a joke; Tony pretty sure he couldn't have kids.  As sure as a 3,000 peso vasectomy, anyway.  He wondered if he should get snipped again just to be sure.  They had time, though, months before Steve's next heat.
"What is it, Steve? Better have been worth waking me up for."
"Yeah, but they won't do anything about it."
, he thought smugly to himself.
Clint looked over at her.  "Was that on purpose?"
Now that he thought about it, he couldn't really remember
He turned to Steve.  "So, a scan, like, what, a CT scan?  Or an MRI or whatever?  That doesn't sound so bad."  He brought Steve's hand up and kissed it.  Steve's skin smelled warm and rich and familiar; it brought up a tangle of happy memories.  Tony resisted the urge to lick him.  Steve was still clearly uncomfortable; Tony wondered if he was self-conscious about the possibility that he had brain damage.  "Hey.  Look.  Everyone's got scars.  It's not a big deal.  No one expects you to walk away from a world war without a couple of dents," said Tony, holding Steve's hand.  "And what happened to Barnes... That wasn't your fault.  You tried to save him, Steve, I saw.  I know what it's like, to feel like you didn't do enough.  But you did everything you could."
"Yes.  James Buchanan Barnes," said Malick, lacing his fingers on the tabletop.  "We recovered some intel from the base in Yemen about HYDRA operatives, including the identity of the Winter Soldier.  Very valuable information, for SHIELD.  ...unfortunate luck for HYDRA."
"Going to the pool?" repeated Tony, momentarily confused.
Steve went back to swimming, and Tony retired back to his padded lounge chair, lazing in the California sunshine, sipping vodka and orange juice as he watched Steve glide through the water.  There was a tinge of guilt to Tony's admiration. He didn't want to be creepy and objectify Steve; Steve had been through a traumatic experience, after all. But it was damn near impossible not to ogle at him. His body was perfect, after all.  Muscular, but, because he was an omega, still slender and lithe, with little body hair. And then there were those big blue eyes, so expressive...
Tony didn't move, still clinging to Steve.  "Why would Alphas need a rights group?"
It would be nice to think Tony had some kind of support. Steve had a therapist now, and Gleason, too; who did Tony have? He needed other Alphas who understood his predicament.  Steve had trouble sympathizing with Tony's constant obsession with things like dominance hierarchies.
charming.  But also an ass."
On the other line, a hoarse voice asked softly, "...Steve?  Is this Steve? ...are you okay?"
Tony stared for a few long, long seconds, then his eyes refocused.
isn't even a real person.  Sort of invalidates all that paperwork that Rhodey signed, huh?  Sort of makes the non-disclosure agreement non-binding, makes it so that we can release all the tapes of your little pals trafficking people.  I'd hate to be in Gene Bennett's shoes right now."
"I'd die before I'd let them take me," he whispered and Natasha nodded sombrely.
"You loved him."
"You're really not supposed to move him!  He could have a neck injury," Pepper insisted.  "Tony. Tony? Can you hear us yet?"
"As you can see, Cooper's got all of your memorabilia," said Clint, gesturing to a poster on the wall of Steve in full Captain America regalia.  "He made me play a video game with you in it. I lost."
At the end of it, they all got up and shook hands.  The Dora Milaje stepped a little closer to T'Chaka, like a pride of lionesses, ever-vigilant in their protection of the king.
"Yes, but I don't see how that's relevant to that girl's--"
The omega rose, grinning.  "Let me get you a copy. You might learn something.  Good-night, James."
"Oh.  Hi," said Tony.
He relaxed on top of Steve, laying his head on the other's chest, listening to the beat of his heart and enjoying the steady up and down movements of his breathing.  He closed his eyes and before he knew it he was--
Being able to compartmentalize Steve Rogers and Captain America was a critical part of Steve maintaining his sanity.
They wasted little time in leaving the country.  Tony disappeared to speak to his attacker; he returned quiet and morose and refused to talk to Pepper or Steve, who were too busy making arrangements for statements with the various security agencies to pry too much.
He dropped his gaze.  It made him upset to know that the omega was only pretending.  But he didn't remove his hand. The pull toward him was too strong.  He had never felt this way about anyone... not even Karpov. It was a scandalous thought, one sure to get him in trouble.  Yet he no longer had retraining sessions thanks to Dr. Ludheim so he wasn't really sure what it mattered.
"Phil's in heat, Clint's in heat, Natasha's with Clint, Fury scares the bejeebus out of me, and Sam--"  Tony paused. Sam was an Alpha, but Sam was only interested in other Alphas. Hmmm. "--okay, you come over and I'll call Sam."
Tony looked out the window.  Surely they were nearly there.  He was starving; he hadn't realized how tired he'd been.  While Steve was off making speeches and wooing the media, Tony had been in the shop, diligently trying to perfect the Mark VII without breaking any more bones.  His right hand was out of commission for at least three months and he couldn't afford another setback like that.
Tony set a hand on the table, offering it to Steve.  He didn't expect the omega to take it.  He wouldn't have, in Steve's position.  "Steve," he said.  "I am
In the backstage area of the main stage, Tony and Steve were holding hands and grinning like idiots; they could hear the excited, screaming din of the crowd outside, muffled to white noise.  They would probably be like that for a while.  Steve was trembling with excitement himself. They'd done it. Just like that. It was over so quickly. Their bond, publicly announced, out in the open... it felt good.  It felt liberating.
