“Sebastian would not – “
Grabbing a pillow off his bed, John flung it at him. How dare Sherlock mock him like this! His life was turned upside down and inside out.
“A guilty conscience, Harriet?”
What had been a cluster of people at the beginning thinned as the day wore on and the miles wore off the determination to walk the full length of the bounds. Some lagged behind, while others rushed ahead to be done quickly so they could get ready for the evening’s entertainments at Watson Hall.
“– since the attack by the smugglers,” he continued in a taut voice.
The peddler smiled. “Probably why it cost me so much. There isn’t much there. Enough for just a few cups.” He ran a fingertip along the tin, brushing John’s hand with his much broader finger.
“This.” He lifted a small pistol from its walnut case and smiled as he cradled it in his palm. The butt and barrel were engraved with curlicues so fine they resembled the curls on a baby’s head. He noted the perfect balance as he gripped the gleaming thing. Harry’s hands were not much smaller than his, so it should fit her perfectly.
Tersely, Sherlock ordered, “Release him!”
John did not move as Sherlock continued past him and disappeared through the gate. He was right. John did need to sort out his feelings - and not just on the war on the other side of the Channel. On that, he was very sure of his opinions. He wished he could be so sure of what he thought of Sherlock Holmes and who he might really be.
Sherlock’s arm slipped around his waist, drawing him back into an alcove along the wall. “But I have no choice.”
His grip loosened, and John pulled away. John knelt next to his cousin, who was groaning in pain.  Water soaked through is trousers, but he paid it no mind as he gasped out, “Greg, we must get out of here.”
John sat on the chaise longue and looked at the pillow that was propped there. With a groan, he pressed his face against it and wept.
“Because it is a gift from a stranger?”
When Sherlock tugged on Johns fingers to draw him toward the altar, John forced his leaden feet forward. The reverend regarded him steadily, and John wondered if he was ashamed of what he must see as a lamb straying from the flock.
His own gaze was caught by Auntie’s. The slightest lift of her chin told John to act as if the stares were not of the least concern. When Sherlock squeezed his fingers gently, he knew he had all the allies he needed.
"Oh god.  Please!"
“Are you saying there is nothing here to interest you? Nothing at all?”
would be interested in partnering with him on the dance floor. With him, Sherlock would not be interesting in dancing a country reel, but a waltz, which he knew would be considered scandalous here in daisyville.
“I will, too.” Gathering himself, John climbed over the wall.
John smiled, though it took all his strength. It had been almost a month since Sherlock had saved him from the smugglers. In that time, the smugglers had remained out of sight, sneaking about to do their dirty tasks, and Sherlock had sneaked into his thoughts. John was no more successful in banishing Sherlock from his mind than Father had been at stopping the owls.
“Auntie.” Putting a hand on her arm, Father said, “Do not speak of what you do not know.”
“Yes, I should.”  His arm tightened around John’s waist, pulling him up against Sherlock’s chest. Even in the dim light, his eyes glowed like twin stars, teasing John to whisper a wish on that starlight and then letting him make it come true. “I am not Sebastian Moran,” Sherlock whispered. “You do not need to be frightened of me.”
“John?”
Sherlock chuckled. “If you were just an empty-headed prattle-box, you would be satisfied to marry Sebastian Moran, who could send you to London for the Season where you would be able to enjoy the company of other prattle-boxes such as yourself.” He edged a step closer. “I see your curiosity. Now let me satisfy it.”
“Release him, Sergeant!” he ordered.
“What?”
“I am an Alpha involved heart-deep with an Omega and with a cause. I cannot have both and I cannot decide between them.”  He threaded his fingers through Johns blonde hair. “I know I cannot leave you here unprotected.”
John agreed as she watched his cousin motion for Miss Donovan to join them on the terrace. He’d thought Greg would offer his arm, as would be befitting a gentleman who had been calling so regularly on a young omega. Instead, he treated her with the polite indifference of a brother.
“But, I thought—“
A tongue laps at him. Teasing and coaxing his furled bud to open.
“What trouble your aunt got herself into?”
Sherlock slid the shirt along the wind-burnished skin of his back which glinted in the moonlight with sweat. When John turned away, overmastered by the sight of such strong Alpha masculinity while his defenses against Sherlock were so fragile, Sherlock pulled on one of the new nightshirts Aunt Hudson had purchased for him.
“You should ask him.”
The wagon rolled to a stop and a tall man jumped to the ground.
“She cares that much for me?”
Instead of answering his question, his brother asked, “Do you expect Sherlock to return to Watson Hall tonight?”
But Sherlock paused in front of them. Bowing his head toward Lord Watson, he said, “Thank you, my Lord.”
When he could no longer delay, John walked to the table. Neither Harry nor Greg met his eyes. Did they think he’d been altered by his marriage? Perhaps they were right. Nothing could ever be the same in the wake of the lies and counter lies which had bound his life to Sherlock’s.
John stared at them. None of this made sense. If they wished to negotiate a peace with France, they should be acting as if Sherlock were their ally, not their enemy.  He could not say that, because doing so would divulge the truth that must stay within his heart.
Towns all along the coast waited with bated breath to see if Napoleon’s next attack would be to their beaches. His smile didn’t falter as he remembered how wise the folks of this shire were to be so worried. To his surprise, their fears had not translated into greater vigilance, idiotic in his opinion, but he wouldn’t look that gift horse in the mouth. It certainly made his work easier.
With regret, he pushed it back into Mr. Holmes hand. “I cannot take something of such value in return for shelter. You are welcome to find a place to sleep in the stables and Cook will find you something to eat.”
“Auntie would be delighted to have even more callers, so she could hear the latest tidings.”
“You are so anxious to get back to your work?”
John was not certain if the time flew or crawled past while Father waited for the special license to be delivered to Watson Hall.  Sitting alone in his room and being so quiet even Elsa finally left him to his own thoughts, he wished he could turn back the clock to the moment Sebastian had asked him to walk him to his carriage.
“Good night? Here?”
John choked at his brusque response. “But-”
Disregarding the blade of pain slicing through his shoulder, Sherlock reached across the table to cup John’s chin in his left hand. John’s eyes met his with an honesty that he wished he could return. That this lovely sprite could be given to that beast seemed the worst injustice imaginable. “Last night I told you I was sure you would do what you must, John. I cannot believe that has changed. You will find a way to halt this betrothal.”
“Don’t you think I know that? Don’t you think I have been thinking of little else?” John bit his lip to cage his sob. He wished Greg would not give voice to the questions which taunted him.
“As you should be. Lord Watson should not be considering a match for you with Sebastian.”
“Is that where you are hying to like a frightened rabbit seeking its hole in a hedgerow? When I saw you at a near run across the field – “
“Compared to what?”
“You won’t tell me that when we are mated.” Sebastian laughed again. “Pa says you will take a little training, but you shall learn.”
Coming to his feet, John said, “ You must leave, Sherlock, before you play a part in destroying my family.”
Her smile did not fool him, Sherlock noticed, but he handed her the reins. “Thank you.”
Harry’s chuckle warned him that his anxiety was visible. He prayed that they would guess his nerves were simply those of any Omega, for he did not want to let anyone suspect his thoughts.
“Mr. Watson was not hurt by my hesitation, but, I’m afraid, by my determination to keep him from being killed.” Sherlock extended his hand.
“It is a waste of time.” Greg grumbled.
to apologize, Albert.”
“Were his bruises caused by your hesitation to endanger yourself?” demanded Sebastian from behind John.
“I doubt that.”
“Good evening, my lady,” he said, bowing over Lady Hudson’s hand which was nearly stuck into his face. He wondered how close he had come while lost in his thoughts, to walking right over her. “You look lovely this evening.”
“I know I would be.” Eager to change the subject, John said, “Molly, Greg told me he was anxious to speak with you.”
Aunt Hudson smiled. “I know you have been troubled by your marriage, although I do not know why for this match is one that should be pleasing to both of you.”
Sherlock looked past John as he put an arm around his shoulders and stood beside him. “I realized exactly what I was doing.” He ran his hand along John’s cheek in a motion that was so tender, tears flooded John’s eyes. “John’s magnificence beguiled me until I was insane with desire for him.”
When Molly looked over her shoulder, puzzled, John laughed and leaned over the fence to pull free a vine that had embedded its thorns in his friend’s skirt. “I think your roses are becoming as attached to you as you are to them.” Roses were everywhere, climbing over the stone wall and up the sides of the house to grasp the thatched roof. Taking a deep breath of their sweet fragrance, John smiled.
“John knows, don’t you, my dear?”
Sherlock spun John to stand in front of his cheval glass. Tugging at his right sleeve, he pointed to where the seam had split. “Something out of nothing? I think you are trying to make nothing out of something, John. The only question is why?”
“And how you treated him, we would both be hailed.” John smiled sadly. “You are a hero, Harry, and I appreciate it more than you can know, but I do not want Sherlock hurt in avenging me.”
Harry had all the luck.
“John Holmes,” John managed to squeeze out past his grip.
A door opened at the far end of the chapel, and Reverend Hooper stepped out. John’s stomach leaped like a rabbit racing across an open field when Sherlock followed him to the alter. His dark curls glinted in the candlelight. He wore a shirt that was neatly pressed and the waistcoat peeking out from beneath his dark coat was an unstained pale blue. In all, had his boots not been the scuffed ones he always wore, John would have been sure a stranger stood beside the reverend.
“You have a decided lack of romance about you.”
John frowned. “Why do you say that?”
Going down to the breakfast room, he hoped to be late, so he could avoid his family. Instead, when he paused in the doorway, he found them waiting for him, as unspeaking as Elsa had been. Was this his punishment for hypocritical vows? To lose the closeness of his family?
When he offered his arm to Molly, John smiled at his friend before glancing at Sherlock.  John thought he would follow them, but Sherlock held back.
His ragged breath was loud as a shout in his ears as he turned to flee. Suddenly, as if bursting from the depths of his most horrid nightmare, two forms appeared.
William snapped, “And I trust I need not remind you, John, of how you should behave.”
John laughed. “While he was in his cups?”
“What did he say to Father?”
“How are you feeling?” John asked, before he could stop himself. “Really?”
"Sherlock?" Oh thank god. It's John. John can help.
“A bit of poker-talk can give one intriguing insights into people, and a peddler is expected to bring tidings as well as items to purchase.” Sherlock smiled. “You never repeat rumors, John?”
“But it isn’t the truth.”
"Sherlock?" His attention has wandered. He refocuses on those loving eyes.  "Sherlock, do you know where you are?"
“The chapel?” John had not given thought to where the ceremony would be held. Speaking hypocritical vows of love might be possible in the parlor, but in the chapel…
Sebastian’s fingers dug into John’s arm. “Tell me, John.”
Yet… he grasped John’s arms and tugged him to his chest again. John’s chest brushed against him with his swift breaths as he recaptured his lips.  Boldly, hungering for his every intriguing flavor, his tongue probed his mouth. John’s fingers gripped his sleeves, then slipped up through his hair. Sherlock teased his tongue to caress his own, and John swayed against him, offering him an invitation to the rapture that would not be interrupted in the green bower.
“Why are you sitting here?” Auntie asked.
“Where?”
Gasps.
Stepping away, he reached for the small box sitting on the shelf beside his bed. Lifting out a set of gold cufflinks edged in pearls, he said, “Greg, Papa gave me these when he knew he would not live to see me marry. He told me to wear them on the most joyous day of my life.”
Father gave her no chance to get an answer as the men of the village ran for their carriages and a chance to capture the smugglers who endangered the village. Ordering the wagon secured in the stables, he motioned for several men to help Mr. Holmes into the house. “And send for Dr. Sawyer,” he added. “She’s the best bonesetter in the shire.”
Sherlock's frustration eased when he watched John walk past him to ring for tea.
“Peace!” Miss Donovan gasped. “Wouldn’t it be wonderful to have peace? I vow I cannot recall the last time anyone spoke of anything but that war and the need to put an end to it. If people would just have good sense and – “
“Your father is most interested in the pistol.” He chuckled. “And he is an exceedingly kind host, offering his wine to a stranger.”
John knelt beside him. Brushing his dark curls back from his face, he whispered, “Mr. Holmes?”
“So did you decide what to do?”
“Good evening, Mr. Holmes.”
He might not have thought this through completely. Sherlock hoped he would not come to regret it.
“Not until dawn, for we keep country hours here. Not the late hours they do in London.”
His efforts were in vain. John’s smile was brittle when his family came forward to congratulate them. Sherlock stepped back to give them a moment alone as a family and to let him observe how the baron reacted. Watson’s rage was gone. Instead relief seemed to surge through his father-in-law.
“Have you been attacked often?”
John faltered at the obvious trust in his father’s voice. He should tell him, but John was caught by Sherlock’s gaze and knew he could not speak the words that would damn him.  He might hate the soldier Sherlock was, but he loved the man who’d saved him from a horrible life with the Morans.
“Because you and Father and Sir Albert have given me no choice.”
“French.”
His heart skipped a beat, sending pain throbbing through him. “Heard?” he whispered. Maybe he was not the only one to stumble upon the French patrol in Mr. Anderson’s barn.
“No.” John smiled and held out the package Sherlock had given him. “Sherlock Holmes asked me to bring this to you.”
Running to where Jameson was lying face down in the thickening mud, John tried to push him onto his back but slipped in the mud.  “Help me!” he cried.  When no one moved, he stared Sir Albert directly in the eye.  “If he suffocates in the mud, you will hang!”
“John!”
“She didn’t, but she couldn’t hide the pride in her every step. When I chanced to see Sir Albert come in from the garden and take his leave with unparalleled speed, I guessed the two events might be connected.”
Sherlock glanced at the fruit punch sitting on the table. With a curse, he walked past it. Donovan must keep something stronger elsewhere in the house. If so, Sherlock would find it. Maybe a bottle a wine would erode away this craving. He doubted it, but he intended to find out before he did something truly foolish.
“And I am your husband.”
“Does it?” Sherlock’s smile returned while he walked to where John stood. “Is it any different from your father arranging for a patrol along the shore? I do believe, John, you need to sort out your feelings on the whole of this.”
Harry leaned toward them. “I hope the authorities do not come to collect that Frog while we are out beating the bounds.”
He relaxed back against the seat and shut his eyes. He wished he knew what would happen now. How could he explain Sherlock’s absence to his father and family when Sherlock did not return to Watson Hall? Unlike his husband, John was not skilled at lying, but he guessed he soon would be unless he wanted to watch him hanged as a spy.
“If Uncle would what?”
“You cannot appear at functions at Watson Hall looking like a petitioner.”
John almost said yes, but stopped. Mr. Holmes, while still smiling, had visibly tensed with his question. He was balanced on the balls of his feet, his hands hung close to his waist as if to pull something from under his waistcoat – another weapon? – and the twinkle was gone from his eyes which had darkened to a storm gray.
His simple question drove a shaft into Sherlock’s heart, and he fought to pay no attention to the pain. He must not heed that organ which could betray him far too easily when he gazed into John’s colorless face. It would beseech him to ease his fears by telling him the truth… all of it. The truth of how, each night, he had leaned back on that chaise longue, which was a foot too short for him, and listened to John try to sleep. Even when John had found escape from the need tangling them together in a snare neither could flee, Sherlock had not been so fortunate. Then he had been taunted by the soft sounds of John’s breathing while Sherlock imagined his breath coming quick and uneven as he swept him into his arms and held him in bed.
“Yes, Watson, do come with us.” Mr. Donovan’s smile became as cold as sleet. “You will want to be a part of this.”
“To recall how you should behave, and you have been behaving quite well, serving his interests well, as an Omega should, in the beating of the bounds.” Sherlock gave him a wry grin. “
Giving Mrs. Carson’s list to Harry, he said, “Tell Father we must prepare to send an order to London for these items.”
“My situation was different.  If I had not married – “
“Did you hear if any of the smugglers were caught?”
“Let the Alphas help him,” his father ordered.
Molly’s smile returned. “Then it is as I guessed when we were beating the bounds. You have a deep
“Say what?”
“Sherlock?” Greg choked out the word, in disbelief.
“Sherlock – “
“Great! Let me get my – “
Setting the bucket on the ground, Mr. Holmes said, “There is still a matter to be settled between us, Mr. Watson.”
He pushed away from the window. Exhaustion! It must be only exhaustion that teased him with this delusion. He could not have his husband in his heart. He barely knew the man, but, as he thought of Sherlock’s slow, deep kiss before he had left this night, he knew the only one who was deluded was John Watson – John Holmes. That beguiling light had been in Sherlock’s eyes when John had responded whole-heartedly to his kiss.
John shook off that nagging thought.  Today might be his last day of happiness for a long time, and he wanted to enjoy it.  “Greg asked me to smooth your meeting.” He chuckled. “I believe he wants to make this day special for both of you.”
“Father tries to halt them, but they always manage to slip away.”
John touched his aching cheek. “I’m surprised you haven’t heard about the fracas with the smugglers at Watson Hall last night.”
The shout seemed to come from everywhere. He stared at the wagon as it hit a broken cobble and tilted toward him. He struggled to rise. Something slammed against him, throwing him to the courtyard and away from the wagon. He moaned as he hit the ground. The crash of the wagon reverberated around him. Glass shattered, and metal clanged on the stones.
“Because everyone else is, although they are too polite to speak of it to you.”
Why bother when it would mean his certain death should anyone else discover the truth of Sherlock’s true allegiance. As well, he had no guarantees that John himself would not turn him in.
“What do you want to say to me?” John asked as he closed the door and faced his cousin. “It seems you must be quick about it, for the minister is here.”
“That name!”
Shaking his head, Sir Albert rose. “You would not dare.”
“She is young.” Sherlock said quietly.
As John’s fingers combed through Sherlock’s dark curls, he knew he was silly to become part of this madness. He did not care, for he was lost in the enchantment Sherlock spun with his touch which lured John to make his fantasy of being in Sherlock’s arms, savoring his kiss, come true. Sherlock’s fingers played along John’s cheek, creating a melody he heard in his heart. As Sherlock’s mouth lowered toward his, John’s eyes closed in sweet surrender.
“I’m not accustomed to being inside all day.”
Suddenly shouts resounded through the rain. Branches cracked as someone raced away into the underbrush.
What had he done that had been so heinous that he was banished from the Polite World?
John’s eyes widened. “Sherlock! What have you learned today? Is the invasion – “
“If Uncle would – “ He clamped his lips closed.
John looks down and takes a deep breath as if to steady himself.
“If I didn’t know better,” Sherlock continued, amusement creeping into his voice. “I would say the Watson blood runs cold.”
“But tonight may be the only time we have.”
Sherlock took him by the shoulders and drew him up between his knees. His smile echoed the longing in his expressive eyes as his lips touched John’s. “You are a good Omega to help me like this.”
“Unrequited? What makes you think so?”
“I’m sorry, sir.” He said quietly.  “I have no interest in purchasing anything today.”
Sherlock shook his head with regret. “I have only time to tell you good night.”
The ships raised their sails as each one was blessed for another season and prayers were offered that each would have safe passage on the fickle sea.  Soon the harbor was speckled with more than a dozen earth-bound clouds that floated with the breeze.  Children ran along the beach and out to the pier, with a trio of dogs following and barking wildly.  The youngsters threw wreaths of flowers onto the waves.  Cheers rose as the garlands broke apart to surround the boats with blossoms. Two dogs jumped into the water to splash about, then swam toward shore.
Although almost a week had passed since the capture of the French soldier, a sensation of disbelief still gripped the village. Rumors had skulked around the village for months about the possibility of an invasion, but this reality sent waves of fear, as savage as a winter storm tossing the ocean upon the strand, through every resident.
“Do I?”
“Nonsense!” Lady Hudson patted John’s hand. “My dear child, how can you ask that when I did not protest when you announced your plans to marry?”
Sebastian flushed, the ruddiness visible even beneath his sun-darkened skin. He shot a vengeful glare at John. “I do not want him when he has been letting that lowborn peddler tumble him.”
John bit his lower lip as he stared at Mr. Holmes right arm, which hung at an impossible angle.  Damn the smugglers and their fingers that tried to lay claim to anything of value. They were almost as bad as their French allies. Worse, maybe, because they betrayed the law for the weight of gold in their pockets.
“I had no other choice.  You were coming to the village.  I was hurt.”
“So that rumor is true!”
“All right.” John glanced toward the window.
“I show more sense than you.” Harry retorted stoutly, “Because I will not be swayed by Sebastian Moran to persuade John to accept his proposal.”
Sherlock laughed again, so freely that heads turned as they entered the Donovan’s foyer.
“As cantankerous as you are being tonight, I might consider it if he was not on his way to London.”
John bit his lip and brushed rain off his cheeks. His hat was soaked now and could not keep the water from his face. “You’re right.  He has not always been a peddler.”  He must tell them something, and this they already guessed.
“And I intruded?”
Aunt Hudson frowned. “Don’t be absurd, child. Harriet will not go off to join the army while there is breath between my old bones.”
He ignored John.  “However, if we are right, your husband will betray himself and his scheme to stop us.”
Chapter 9
“Because they know we want to prevent an invasion of these shores and open trade again with France.”
“Others have assumed that she has more affection for me than she does.”
“Sergeant LaVelle, put that gun away!”
“What?” John was certain he heard him wrong.
“Sweetheart, I told your father that I would not sell him the pistols.”
“She has not come to see me.”
“Yes, Auntie.”  She disappeared along the shadowed hall.
As soon as Molly’s father arrived with the proper papers, he would be marrying an Alpha he hardly knew – for better and for worse and for all the days of their lives. Every night of those many days, he must share his bed with him. Every heat. As he looked at Sherlock’s smile, he began to understand just how long that could be.
“Oh, dear.” Miss Donovan said again.
"You are far too cheery about this."Sherlock grumbled.
Despite John’s attempt to curb it, at Sherlock’s slight emphasis on that single word, suggesting he had awakened him at other times during the night, a blush oozed up John’s cheeks to heat his face. “No, you did not disturb me this morning.”
He sat on the settee beside John. “I know that, but I saw you come down the stairs.  You looked as if you were trying to hide from the world.”
“Gently, I hope.” John said. “I heard that some of the villagers last year tipped the youngsters upside down at every boundary marker to help them remember where each one is.”
“No, it cannot!”
Going to the window, he unlatched it and swung it open. The damp air surged in, but he paid it no mind as he tried to see through the mist. He strained to hear, but no sound came except the distant motion of the waves upon the shore. He leaned his head against the casement.
Instead of the smile John had expected when Greg realized Sally was waiting anxiously for him, a frown flitted across her cousin’s face. “Mayhap you are right.” Greg’s voice lowered. “I trust you will refrain from such behavior until we have a chance to speak of this.”
“I did not say that,” John argued, trying to sound calm.  “I said – “
“You wish me to believe you just happened to be walking through the rain?” the man continued. With a laugh, he switched to French, “Bring him to the captain.”
“I am sorry about that. I am glad, however, that you are alone.”
It had given him
“Good.” Watson smiled. “Please, have a seat. I understand your name is Holmes.”
“Turn him over,”  ordered the baronet as he grasped John’s arm and pulled him to his feet.
, I have been itching to do that since he was so nasty to Father when you and Sherlock were married.”
“What do you think?” he demanded before his words vanished into curses. His eyes opened, his glare was as taut as his lips. “The wagon went right over my arm.” He put his left hand on John’s shoulder. “Help me up. I have to check the wagon.”
Despite Sherlock’s efforts to let John know no more than he must, somehow, John sensed aspects of him that he must not.
Looking back at Greg, he saw he was nodding as Mr. Donovan gave orders.  Andrew Donovan must be the true leader of the smugglers.  He was evidently the man Sherlock had been seeking to ask for help in arranging whatever he had planned for the French invasion.
But what could it be? He could not guess.
Sherlock guffawed before attempting to school his features into something resembling serious.
“Of course.” Father stood and motioned for him to enter. “I suspected you would be here as soon as you heard.”
John halted, wanting to believe he had truly heard pain in Sherlock’s voice. Hands on his shoulders slowly turned him to face Sherlock.
A hand closed on his throat.
John turned away again, berating himself for betraying his father’s plans so carelessly. He had cautioned Harry so many times to watch what she said, and then he revealed the whole to a man he did not know.
Mr. Holmes stared at him as if he’d just been declared mad. “
“What have you found, Mr. Watson?”
“We will, won’t we?”
“There has been no announcement from that quarter, has there?”
“You didn’t know?”
The peddler smiled, lines creasing the corners of his eyes. “Are you certain?”  John’s cool answer not tempering him in the slightest.  “How can you be so certain, kind sir, when you’ve barely glanced at my wares?”  There was a pause as his grin widened. “It would be my pleasure to show you anything you like.”
“It is quite fashionable in Paris.”
She shrugged. “No one seems to know. Mr. Jensen was guarding him today, and he said nothing seemed amiss. The prisoner apparently made no sound all afternoon, but he rarely said much in English.”
“He is watching us.”
“I got a bit of a late start. I cut across the fields to catch up with you.”
He grasped the handhold in the carriage as the road dipped sharply toward the sea.  Glancing out, he saw the gentle rain tapping the leaves of the trees. He hoped this shower would blow past quickly.  He did not like to think of Sherlock out in a storm, although John guessed he had weathered many before he came into his life.
Greg snarled an oath. “Do not play coy with me.  You know as well as I that Sherlock has not always been a peddler.”
John clenched and unclenched his hands. Mr. Anderson was a man of somber temperament, not given to bouts of drinking at the pub. If it had been Mr. Wilson or even Sir Albert telling of seeing the boat, he could have discounted the stories as images brought forth by a bottle of blue ruin.
“Doctor Sawyer offered for me?”
“Father said this must be done right from this point forward.” Harry colored nearly to the shade of her scarlet waistcoat. Offering her arm, she asked, “Will you let me escort you to Father?”
“In the garden?”
your mate.” John steered Sherlock’s mouth back to his.
“And she hasn’t stopped her?” John had expected Aunt Hudson to speak her mind on this as on everything else. Mayhap Harry would heed their great-aunt.
“Walking along the shore.”
“Him?”
“We will speak of this again, William.”
“Don’t worry.  He knows better than to get too close.”
“Probably not as much as your cousin,” Sir Albert replied with a triumphant smile. “Why don’t you ask him what you want to know about him.”
“Sir Albert.” John pointed to the baronet striding toward them.
Sherlock bent forward so his icy eyes force John’s half-voiced protests. “Don’t ever touch this again.” He ordered in a low voice.
“Two nights ago.”
“From what your father said during a conversation we had earlier today, I suspect he has a few ideas of his own to welcome the French here.”
far from your family’s eyes?”
“Because I hate what you are in this uniform.”
“Your aunt seemed to be doing most of the talking, for once.”
“Because it is a day we shall both want to remember the rest of our lives.”
“Harriet, watch yourself when you are among the Beau Monde,” Aunt Hudson chided. “Come here and escort your Aunt inside.”
“You? Why?”
“You must have mistaken his intentions.”
for this Alpha who saved you from the smugglers.”
“I have heard all I wish to hear of your flummery, Sherlock Holmes! I wish I had never chanced upon you that day you walked into the shire.”  John walked toward his dressing room.
“Everything is set?”  Mr. Donovan asked as the carriage began to move.
No answer.
“Sebastian did break it!” asserted John, unable to be silent any longer.
“Father told me you would be home by midnight.”
“You seem to find it pleasing, Mr. Watson. Would you be interested in purchasing it?”
“To the Donovan’s.”
John fought to breathe past the sudden lump in his throat. Was it caused by his fear for Harry? No, those tears still clung to his lashes. Or his heart? No, it was throbbing wildly in his chest. Or delight? He should not be delighted with Sherlock’s bold touch, but he could not deny the truth.
“Be our guest longer than you planned,” interrupted John. When Mr. Holmes glowered, he offered him no sympathy. He must know that John shared his yearning for him to be on his way.
John stared at Sherlock as Lady Hudson replied to Harry. He did not hear her words.  What had Sherlock said to his sister?  He had been so honest with him earlier today about his fears for his sister and his husband being on opposing sides of this war.
“I thought listening to her insults about my lack of virtue were less intolerable than being struck by lightning.” John wished he could ease his aunt’s concern, for he had forgotten until now Mrs. James behavior at the gathering. Sir Albert’s even more outrageous actions had pushed it completely out of his head. He could not say that because the truth would distress Aunt Hudson more.
John hoped he had washed away all the dredges of tears from his face. As he came down the stairs, he was glad that the house seemed empty. He didn’t even meet a servant as the distant rumble of thunder heralded another storm about to descend upon Watson Hall.
John glanced over his shoulder as if he expected both Morans to be lurking there. “You should not speak of that around the village. His actions in berating the prime minister in front of the Prince Regent embarrassed everyone here.”
“If we told Father – “
“Stop this before it is too late!”
For a long moment, Sherlock thought John wouldn’t answer as he stirred milk into his tea. Then he said, “I think I hope you are right.”
“Because,” he whispered, “I did not want you to get hurt by that beast.”
“No?”
He took the straw and tossed it onto the windowsill. “I was not far from Mr. Anderson’s house when the storm started. He was not home, so I considered seeking shelter in his barn. I swear there was as much water coming through the roof as through the trees.”
Sherlock smiled. “He clearly knows these downs better than I, for I think I walked halfway to Brighton before I realized I was going in the wrong direction.”
“You do not love me, either.” He sat on the chaise longue and tugged off his left boot. Again he tugged off massaged his shoulder. “Dash it! I am beginning to believe this will never be the same.”
Tears rolled thickly into his eyes as an ache in his chest warned that his fear had clamped around his heart. His heart that longed to belong to Sherlock.
“Father would have to speak from himself.” John cleared his throat to hide his uneasiness. He wished he could take his words back. Too late, Mr. Holmes gaze drilled through him, as if he intended to cut a hole straight through him.
He dared another step backward – bumped into something hard. His arms were grasped and jerked behind him. Pulling against the strong grip, he looked over his shoulder to see another French soldier. John shouted.
“Father has been looking for a gift for Harry,” John answered, knowing that Mrs. Carson would only keep pressing. “The peddler had something I thought to be appropriate.”
"Oh please. Just because your inept group of morons is too... "
Everyone … including Molly. John wished he knew a way to ease his friend’s despair, but, because Molly never spoke of Greg, John could do nothing.
“Of course not.” John’s face burned. Did Mr. Holmes think he meant to charge so highly for the hospitality that was freely given at Watson Hall? He guessed that the tea was likely worth as much as the pistol, war and taxes being what they were, but he would not impose on his generosity. “If you tell me its price, I would be glad to listen.”
Then, cursing under his breath, he walked out of the room.
John tried to smile, too, but he could not. Odd that Father had heard of these rumors, yet had not cautioned any of them. Mayhap he had reason to believe that Mr. Anderson had been confused about what he had seen.
Reluctantly he said, “Of course, Auntie.”
“Greg, I think it would be best if we were to discuss this another time.” He glanced past him, and Greg looked over his shoulder.
“You know,” Sherlock continued, “that this marriage is only temporary.”
“Ah, you see right through me. Perhaps you are wiser than most, Mister…”
Gooseflesh prickled along his nape. Was someone else there? Turning, he nearly screamed as a man stepped out from behind a copse.
Perhaps he should go tell Greg. Their cousin in name only, the three of them had grown up as siblings after Greg’s parents died of influenza during his early childhood. Father had been devastated at the death of his only sister so soon after the loss of his mate. Harry looked up to Greg and perhaps his methodical analysis would help temper Harry’s enthusiasm. However, he was rarely at Watson Hall anymore, preferring to spend his days and evenings paying court on Miss Sally Donovan. It would be an excellent match, a Watson Alpha wedding the Omega daughter of a neighboring squire. Father had expressed his curiosity as to why no announcement had been made, but Greg would not be hurried. His choice in a mate would be as deliberate and well thought out a decision as all other decisions he made were.
“You do not love me!”
“I’ve told you over and over, you ask too many questions, Sherlock.” His voice softened as Sherlock’s hand drifted along his neck to linger on his shoulder.
He silenced John by turning him into his arms. He so wanted to put his head against Sherlock’s chest and beg his forgiveness for this bumble-bath. Then Sherlock could tilt his head back and delight him with his lips over John’s. Then…
“Yes.”
“He is a man of strong loyalty and honor.  He reminds me of your uncle.”  Her smile wavered.  “I trust you will have more time together than we were given, but no matter how much you are granted, you must not let a single day pass without telling each other what your love means to you. If Greg can see his way to share that joy with Molly, I would not stand in their way.”
John was silent as Sherlock handed him out of the carriage in front of the Donovan’s home.  The grand country estate had been built less than a hundred years before, but had been constructed to look as if had stood on this outcropping overlooking the sea as long as Watson Hall had. Every window was ablaze with lamplight, and other guests were mounting the dozen steps that led to the elegant double doors.
“We are going back to Watson Hall?”  John smiled, hoping tonight would be the wedding night he craved.
“You are right,” Sherlock said quietly, then he smiled at Aunt Hudson. “And it would behoove me to discover what other hamlets are in this area. Some of them might be eager for a visit from a traveling merchant.”
“Father, we have heard that rumor dozens of times before.”
“Then, now that you have told me what you obviously felt you must, will you step aside?”
Given something to focus on besides his own panic, he notices for the first time the new shadows behind those eyes.
“This is an Alpha’s pistol, Mr. Watson. It isn’t meet that an Omega should bargain for it.”
“Tis a fine day for such a pleasant sight. Might I show you something that could interest you?”  The alpha’s voice was smooth and rich. His verdigris eyes pinned John to the spot. John blinked slowly as he took in the alpha’s appearance.  The simple shirt, worn trousers, and scuffed boots all wore signs of his peddling life.
“Of course,” When he reached for the carriage door, Mr. Donovan took his arm and smiled. “My carriage is this way. My driver has not taken a blow to the skull, so he will be more sure-handed.”
As Sherlock rubbed his finger over the wedding ring, John whispered, “I am sorry that – “
When Sherlock whispered his name, John opened his eyes to find that Sherlock had climbed the narrow steps to the one just below him. Again he had to look up into Sherlock’s eyes. As Sherlock’s fingers curved down over John’s shoulder to inch closer, the day’s mist vanished and he was caught up in the golden light sparkling in his eyes.
Sorry for the ridiculous wait. This chapter has been ready for EVER but life is what it is.
“Sebastian, you startled me!” he chided.
“Why not?” John leaned forward. “You care deeply for Molly.  I could see that.  And she is in love with you.  Why would you break her heart, which she only wants to give to you, to marry a woman who means so little to you?”
" Don't worry Greg. I'll return him only slightly worse for wear tomorrow. " John winked.
John pulled free of him. “What is it?” he demanded heatedly when they stood in the hall beyond the door. He would not go any farther with Sebastian.
Nothing in his life would ever be so difficult.
He didn’t need any more trouble right now. He had plenty to deal with already.
John laughed. “So you are the one they convinced this year to wade out and look for a marker that never existed?”
“And some of that excellent wine that seems to have a habit of falling off French ships and coming ashore not far from here.”
“Be silent,
“You know how to waltz?”
John gave him a cold smile.  He, Harry, and Greg did, in fact, use French to say what would not be appropriate in English.  However, he had no intention of standing on the beach and shouting curses at French soldiers.  He’d much rather have a gun.
“Practice?”
Sherlock pushed that thought aside when they paused by a stone fence. Without comment, he watched Harry fire at a target she had carved into a tree halfway across an empty field. He made some suggestions to her to aim lower because the pistol kicked up on every shot. When he saw how slowly Harry reloaded the gun, he bit his lip to keep from warning her that she could be killed easily if she did not learn some speed in reloading. Unlike when she chased foxes across the downs, the French would be firing back in the hope of killing everyone in British uniform.
“And what would that be?”
“Can I get some advice from you?” Greg asked as he drew the pocket doors closed.
A matching desire in his voice, he whispered, “My sweet John… my sweet, sweet John.”
Sherlock smiled as he drew off his coat and loosened the neatly tied cravat at his collar. As he tossed it onto the table, he again resembled the peddler who had first greeted John with a roguish smile.
“Oh, dear what?”  He did not want his friend guessing the course of his thoughts. Mayhap, for the first time, he understood why Molly had not confided in him about the state of her heart. Such emotions were too fragile - and too doomed - to share.
Sherlock’s chuckle was devoid of humor. “It appears we shall be getting married as soon as your father makes all the proper arrangements.”
“From me.”
John put his hands on his arms. Sherlock shook them away. When he stared him with anguish in his eyes, he struggled not to succumb to the fierce longing to sooth John’s despair and to ease his own craving for him. To stand too close to John and to be aware of him with every inch of him was an exquisite torment.
Mr. Holmes held out his hand and John stared at it. What on earth could he want?
“Good evening, sir,” he said, waiting for Donovan’s reaction. This could be the ruin of everything he had worked for.
Mr. Donovan’s lips pulled back in a sneer worthy of Sir Albert. “And then we will stop him.”
“Right now?” John choked. “Where?”
“Said the man must be halfway to Vienna by now.” He grinned. “Actually he said, if he were the escaped prisoner, he would be halfway to Vienna now.”
Sherlock chucked. “True. We never did have a chance to enjoy those longing looks and heart-deep sighs the poets write about.  You should thank your family for sparing you from that, sweetheart.”
“Not exactly, for the prison hulks float offshore.” His gaze turned inward. “You cannot guess what a man will do for a chance to see the sun upon his face again. When I managed to get free, I took to this life upon the road, wanting to get my surfeit of sunshine. In the year since, I have struggled to get the odors of death and sickness out of my senses. I want to be able to close my eyes and not see the ragged remains of men who are only half alive, for they have lost all hope of escape from that torture.” His hand cupped John’s cheek. “I pray you will never understand what it is like, my heart.”
Sebastian shrugged and grabbed John’s wrist again. “He can walk. Get rid of him.”
“He said he was frightened sober by the very sight.”
"Your unfortunate timing cannot possibly be blamed on me."  A few snickers leaked out. "They shouldn't be permanent. A good scrub should get them off."
Slick trailing obscenely down his thigh.
“Will you be returning?”
“Auntie…” Father groaned, then smiled as she grinned at him.
John pulled back. “You intend to go through with this? You cannot be serious!”
“Do not be so sure of that.”
“Good night.” John had no intention of lowering his defenses again. As he went across the stable yard to the gardens, he kept his pace slow, refusing to let Mr. Holmes think anything he’d said was causing John to run away.
Father went to the door. “Sir Albert, I did not expect to see you today.”
“But, sweetheart, no one knows but you.” When John flinched and would have turned away, Sherlock caught him by the shoulders. “I know you will not betray me.”
John choked down the impulse to snap at the implication that he cared only for frippery. As he ran his hands over the tin of tea, he remembered the warmth of his Papa cuddled together when John was a child. Papa always smelled of tea.  With the war on and the French blockades, tea like this was almost impossible to obtain.
“Take care, sir.”
Sherlock held out his hand for the pistol. Harry gave it to him with a conspiratorial grin as she stepped forward to assist John out of the cart.
John glanced at the dishes and combs and dismissed them all. They had more of both than they needed in Watson Hall. As he turned to tell Mr. Holmes he would have to accept their hospitality, a glint near the front caught his eye. Standing on his toes, he reached for it.
“It is over. Harry and I agreed not to discuss it.”
John had seldom blushed before Sherlock arrived at Watson Hall, but he knew he must be doing so now, for heat surrounded him. Sherlock laughed and winked at Molly who giggled as they walked out of the chapel.
“Bah! Did you really think anyone truly believed those tales the Moran boy was repeating?”
Molly pressed a hand over her heart and sighed. “He was so like the hero in one of the books you have lent me. He jumped to your defense with a fervor that can come only from a loving heart. When the people in the village see that, they will not heed the horrible rumors.”
He wondered where Sherlock was, because he was not in the breakfast room. He could not ask his family, for they would consider him a very odd Omega to not know his Alpha’s whereabouts the morning after their wedding.
“It is too late already.” When he looked past John again, he whirled to see Sebastian trying to keep Harry from leaving the room.
“Silence him!”  ordered the man with the gun. He spoke French brazenly.
He tried to regain his feet but dropped back to his knees as his head spun.
John’s hands clenched beneath the coat draped over his arms. “Harry vowed to say nothing of that.”
“Now where will you run to, John?” Sherlock asked from behind him.
He nodded, then whispered, “How is he?”
“I know.” Mr. Holmes looked up at him, his face almost as close as it had been when he’d shoved John to the ground to save him from the wagon. “I’m not myself, Mr. Watson. Forgive my lack of manners.”
“You don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“He hurt me. I wanted to hurt him back.”
“Don’t say that!”
The man boldly swung through his window, landing with cat-like quiet on the floor. When he started to walk past him, John pulled the poker back, aiming for the center of his back.
He drove his elbow back into the man’s stomach. The man cursed. He re-aimed and swung his arm back even harder. The man retched, and John pulled away. He caught him again before he could run a single step.
“Believe me when I tell you that I never meant for you to find out about this. If – “
John intruded to ask, “What are you talking about?”
“Auntie,” mumbled Greg under his breath. When he rolled his eyes, John jabbed Greg with his elbow. He glowered at John, then rested his elbow on the marble-topped table beside him.
“Greg,” John began, “if – “
before the first hour had passed.”
“Stealing my affections. From whom?”
He turned, not realizing he’d been walking toward the door until Harry called after him.
“Please don’t ask.”
John gasped again, this time in delight at the sweetness flowing through him. He found himself gazing up into Sherlock’s eyes, captured like a rabbit by a sly fox. John’s eyes closed as he leaned toward him, longing to know the fiery power of the passion ablaze in his eyes. When Sherlock did not lower his mouth John’s, his hands paused as he was lifting them to be wrapped around Sherlock’s shoulders.
“But he has. No Alpha will ever mate him.” Father glanced at Sebastian, who shook his head and laughed loudly.
“I speak as a man who has come to like the breeze on his face and the sun highlighting his path.” He rubbed his right shoulder and grimaced again.
Harry came around a wing of the house. Seeing Sherlock, he waved wildly.
As the carriage turned toward Watson Hall, John glanced back toward the woods. The shadows were as empty as his heart.
“When did you think that would be? When the French Army washes ashore in the village?”
“Why?”
While the Alphas spoke about the futile search for the French prisoner, they managed a casual air that John could not copy. He toyed with his breakfast until he heard his father say, “Sherlock, I am assuming you will be staying at Watson Hall.”
“Do you think I was trying to avoid the gossip?
“Not all of us can marry for love, John.”
His aunt shook her head. “Harry, go ahead, and let your father know we are on our way.”
“Do you think Sherlock will be back for that?”
“And I fear she will not get any older if she becomes a soldier.” John put a hand on Sherlock’s arm. “Sherlock, she respects you. If you were to speak to her of being more sensible, mayhap she would listen.”
John put a hand on his arm. “Greg, the villagers look forward to this all year. Molly was telling me only a few weeks ago of how she was sending to Brighton for special fabric for her gown.”
Hearing a door open downstairs, he rushed to his own door, but it was only one of the servants. He went back and sat on the bed, taking the book with him, Reading would make the time go more quickly and give him an escape from his thoughts.
With a smile, Greg walked out of the room.
John looked to Greg for aid.  Why hadn’t he come to help? He recoiled from the fury in Greg’s gaze.
“Until this late hour?” He paused as he heard the clock clang three times. “Harry was home more than two hours ago.”
Standing, Sherlock stretched luxuriously before reaching for the buttons on his shirt. “Jealous, John?”
“You should know that you were right this afternoon when you said I had intended to abandon you here.” Sherlock said softly.
“This is the best I have, my lady.”
When Sherlock stepped toward him, his footsteps loud in the silent room, he took John’s hand as a hint of a smile eased his lips’ uncompromising line. His other hand curved along John’s cheek. Softly, so no one else could hear, he whispered, “What did he do to you to force my name from your lips?”
“I can understand that, for you make me catch my breath.”
John glared at Sherlock as the man in question worked to stifle his giggles. How the erstwhile detective had remained damage free while John had turned into a veritable garden of color was beyond him.
Sherlock carried the basket John had packed out of the minister’s house.  This day was turning out better than he had any right to expect.  Good!  Mayhap this ridiculous assignment was finally coming to an end. Although he did not have the answers he had been sent here to find, he made some steps toward gaining them amid this convivial atmosphere.  Lord Watson might not drink smuggled wine, but the villagers did not share his patriotic fervor.  Tow casks had been stored in the shadows of the warehouses farther along the strand, and many elbows had tilted back again and again. Mouths that had opened for wine also opened with information, and he had been happy to listen to all the men had to say amid their boasting.
“His comrades?” Sherlock lost his nonchalance. “What makes you think his comrades are still nearby?”
“That’s true.”
“Even when both your aunt and your father let that fact slip into conversation?” He shook his head. “No, your father may have let it slip. Your aunt, I believe, intended for me to know that.”
He slipped his fingers through John’s, and he glanced up at him with a smile that was more intoxicating than any wine.  If things had been different… How many times had he thought those words? If things had been different, Sherlock might never have chanced to meet John. If things had been different, he would not have to see the fear dimming John’s luminous eyes.  If things had been different, he would not be sleeping each night on the chaise longue.  Instead, he would be sleeping beside John in his bed.
John sighed.
“I did what I must.”
He was surprised, now that he thought of something beyond his despair, that Sir Albert had not called already. Or had he, and he had not taken note? Impossible! No one could fail to take note of Sir Albert Moran. He would not allow that.
John smiled in return.  Then Sherlock kissed him.
Slipping his arm through Molly’s, John steered her toward the door. He chuckled and ran back to get his hat. Sliding his gloves back on, took Molly by the elbow, and hurried outside.  He should not be afflicted with guilt when he was making his friend happy, but he was. Thankful he had this excuse to change the conversation from the French soldiers, he wondered what he would do when the subject came up again. As it would, for everyone in the village knew the danger surrounding them.
As she continued down the stairs, John followed. His gaze was caught by his bedchamber door as it was opened. His fingers clenched on the banister. Not his bedchamber when he returned from the chapel, but his and Sherlock’s. Before dawn, the Alpha who had courted him with fiery kisses and his lightning-hot touch would be teaching him a far more intimate pleasure. He longed for his caresses.
“Humor me, Mr. Watson. I may only be a peddler, but my pride could not bear it if I did not pay my way through life.” He smiled.
“But what wondrous matches we would make.” Molly flung out her hand, nearly striking Sebastian who backed away hastily. “I think a marquess for you and an earl for me. We would not have to settle for anything less than lord or lady.”
“You acted interested with Holmes!”
“I’m not your maid,” she mumbled.
is my beacon of guiding light. She's always amazing about getting my chapters back and being an outlet for drama and giggles.
“Must you prattle endlessly like this?” Sebastian demanded.
“Yet you sound so sad.”
“Yes. Are you enjoying yourself?”
John stared at Sherlock as if seeing him for the first time. He could not mistake the quiet conviction in Sherlock’s voice. Although John had seen Sherlock’s face without a smile before, he was sure he had never seen Sherlock so resolved as he was now. “If you feel that way,” he retorted, “perhaps you should be toting a gun on some battlefield instead of hawking your goods down these country lanes.”
“Marriage cup?” John repeated. When he looked at Sherlock, John saw sympathy in his eyes. Fury laced through him. Pity was not what he wanted from Sherlock Holmes. He realized, with a jolt of dismay, that he had no idea what he did expect from Sherlock… and from the life they must have together.
“Sherlock?”
“I don’t know. I was not sure it was him until just before my fist found his chin.”  She grimaced. “He has a dashed hard chin. Maybe if his head were not so blasted hard, he would not be so bacon-brained and would accept that you and Sherlock are married forever and ever.”
Trouble was coming. John shuddered as he had in the garden. As soon as Sebastian spoke with his father, he was sure both men would call.
“More French soldiers?” he asked.
“John – “
Pulled to his feet, he started to snarl a curse. He froze when he saw the guns pointed at both the coachman and Greg.  For the first time, he realized that Sir Albert had two other men with him. Had he been lying in wait for them?  Why?
“Is that what you think we are doing?”  His cousin laughed.  “Dear John, you have always been sweetly naïve.  We aren’t helping the smugglers.  We are trying to stop the smuggling.”
“So he tells me, my lord.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Do you think I was trying to avoid you?”
Lightning seared him when Sherlock’s gazed explored his face with tender yearning. When his hands caressed his shoulders, outlining their curves with warmth, he started to pull away. But Sherlock’s hands tightened.
“You are welcome to enjoy the gardens during your stay here tonight,” he said to Mr. Holmes as he walked past.
John glanced around, wondering if anyone was taking note of their hushed words. The people closest to them were busy with their own conversations. He stiffened when he saw a tall form pushing through the crowd toward them.
“Mrs. Carson!”
is leaving. Sherlock.”
“Bad luck to speak of a transaction before it is completed.”
“Of course, although I am not sure how valuable my advice is at the moment.” John sat on the settee. When thunder thudded against the house like a cannon, he shivered. He hoped he would never hear the sounds of real cannon fire aimed at these walls.
“I understand.”
to own to the truth.”
“The gentleman who sold it to me was not well pleased to part with it.” Sherlock hurried to say, hopefully, his smile would look to be the insipid one of a peddler trying to please a potential customer. “However, his creditors had lost patience with him and I was able to give him enough guineas to soothe them.”
“If you wish, I can have the Omegas in the village come here.”
“Did he?”  His friend’s face brightened.
John gave her a quick hug. “Thank you so much.”
John arched his brows, but said, “Sir Albert is not whom you wish to discuss.”
“If not aloud, at least in your mind.” Sherlock’s arm around John’s waist kept him from pulling away. “Listen to me!”
“Then come along.”
Sebastian pushed her back and snarled, “If you think you can save his name by wedding him to Holmes like this, you’re a fool, Watson! Everyone will be curious as to why a baron’s Omega son is marrying a classless peddler.”
John gasped, cheeks bursting into flame at the innuendo.
“Then you should learn from others’ mistakes,” Lady Hudson said, her tone abruptly serious.
“Mrs. James!” He did not wait for an invitation to climb into the vehicle. Even Mrs. James’ endless litany of ailments seemed welcome today.
John looked up from his list when he heard a muffled chuckle. Mrs. Carson’s face pinched as she attempted not to laugh out loud. He tried to recall what he could have said that was so amusing.
“Sherlock, help me put a stop to this!” John whispered. “We cannot get married because of Sebastian’s tapestry of lies. He invented them to cover his own disbelief that I would not be thrilled to mate with him.”
“And still dance through the night?”
He realized how much he had hoped Auntie had misunderstood as he rushed across the garden and then slowed to stare at Sherlock, who was testing the brake on his wagon, looking under it to be certain it was now working. How skimble-skamble could he be? Auntie was never confused about anything. She always saw everything with a clarity that John envied.
“More than enough.”
“Once I am sure the brake will hold the wagon, I will be on my way. It will be good for me to get back to my own life.”
John’s smile vanished. “Don’t even jest about such things.”
Sherlock frowned. “The truth?”
“I pray not.”
“He’s on his way to London?”
John sensed his captor’s impatience. More than once, he cleared his throat, but the captain waved him to silence. He could not doubt that the matter he was discussing was of the most vital importance.
“You are mistaken, Mr. Holmes. I would be grateful for the ride home.”
“French prisoner? I have given him no thought lately.”
And Sherlock, who seemed to be enjoying the whole, leaned back on the settee, his left elbow balanced on the arm. His other hand rested on his knee. When John noted Sherlock’s fingers closing into a fist as Auntie spoke of following the old paths through the woods he stiffened. That slight motion was as unmistakable as a scream. Something about her words disturbed Sherlock. But what?
She sat on the chaise lounge while Elsa handed John a towel and helped him change. Although he had expected Aunt Hudson to fire a barrage of questions at him, the older woman was silent. She tapped her fingers on the cushions of the chaise lounge until Elsa gathered up John’s drenched clothing to take to be laundered.
Sebastian’s lips clamped painfully over John’s. Trying to turn from him was impossible. His mouth slid across John’s cheek as his hands moved down from his waist.
Reverend Hooper smiled as he pronounced them married and added, “Congratulations.”
“Don’t look so frightened,” Sherlock teased. He kissed John lightly again, resisting the need to claim his lips until every yearning in him was sated. “I won’t be an ogre of a mate.”
“Yes.”
Their breathing was uneven when Sherlock set John’s feet back on the stone riser. John gazed into his eyes, then reached up and brushed a stubborn lock back from his brow. With a smile, Sherlock offered his arm. John put his hand on it as he walked with him the last few steps.
“That’s not true,” Sherlock replied in the same grave tone. “To protect your son’s reputation, I shall marry him.”
“Of that I am certain. However, it is you I am concerned about, John.”
The impatience in his tired voice aggravated John so, he retorted, “I do not know why you once tried to steal a kiss from me whenever you could, but now…”
Sherlock’s palm followed the line of John’s jaw, and he fought not to savor the rapture flowing through him. It had betrayed him before; he must not let it betray him again.
“And you still seldom answer any of them.” He chuckled as he looked around. “I will know these woods intimately by the time we are done with this tramp through them.”
“Is it worse?” John whispered. He did not trust his voice to speak louder.
“We were not married before,” John whispered.
“Do you know if they plan another attempt against Father?”
John could not hide his flinch at Harry’s words. To be honest and reveal that Sherlock planned to annul their marriage would add more oil upon the already fierce fire simmering behind barely polite smiles.
Sherlock laughed. “I have met your aunt, so I know you have some strong-willed omega’s in the Watson family.”
“I could be.”
"Your spine was damaged."
“Yes, I told you there were some other deliveries I had promised to make.” He sat on the sill and saw that John was sitting, too, but on the bed. If he went to him and pressed him back into that wide mattress… No, he must not.
Giggles as a nose trails up his calf.
“You should know - “
Stepping forward, Sherlock said in an unruffled voice that did not match the enmity in his eyes, “John has known no Alpha before me, I assure you. You would be wise not to slander my Omega because he chose to become a Holmes instead of a Moran. I shall not debate the obvious intelligence of his choice.” He smiled. “Do not make me so angry that I shall be forced to teach you a lesson before my Omega and his family.”
“Not foxes, but the sly French.” Harry’s grin widened. “I cannot wait to cross the Channel to make them my targets.”
“I had guessed they would be here as soon as word reached them.” John frowned. “How long can it take for a message to reach Dover and a detachment to arrive in the village?”
His kiss was swift but John sensed the hunger in it. Or maybe it was no more than his own treacherous longing for Sherlock.
“Nothing!” At John’s sharp answer, Greg stared at him, so he tempered his voice. “It is something I must attend to myself.”
Sherlock smiled, “You don’t think John seduced me, do you?”
Sherlock bent and kissed him on the cheek with a composure which gave no suggestion that there had been anything strange about their wedding and wedding night. “Good morning, my handsome mate.”
“But I have done nothing to ruin my reputation.” John gripped Sherlock’s arms and wished he could shake some sense into him. He always had been so reasonable, logical. This was the wrong time to change. “Why won’t you tell father the truth?”
“This is ridiculous! Stop it!”
Refusing to be intimidated, he demanded, “Why do you have a gun hidden in there?”
John shook of his hand. Maybe he had taken a knock in the cradle, but he did not care a rap what Sebastian Moran thought. He was about to say that, then saw a shadowed form in the doorway to the ballroom. Sally Donovan! The young woman had earned a reputation as the worst prattle-box in the shire.
“Your great-aunt?”
John nodded. “Did he do something to hurt you?”
Sebastian gave him no chance to answer. He roared, “Holmes, I want to speak with you now!”
He didn’t know whether to laugh or cry at Greg’s relief. Yes, John was alone. Completely alone.
John wanted to call to him, but could not. Even a whisper might alert the man on the window ledge that he was awake. The window rattle softly, then opened wider. Swallowing another yelp, he strained to find Sherlock. He must be there.
Sherlock picked one of the blossoms. As he stood, he handed it to John. He placed the flower in his button hole.
A man poked his head into the carriage.  When he pushed back the floppy brim of his rain-soaked hat, John gasped again, “Sir Albert!”
“That is a shame. We could use more plain-speaking people.”
At his maid’s voice, John looked up from the novel he’d just started. Elsa stood in the bedroom doorway, no smile on her wrinkled face. Before Elsa had become his maid, she’d worked in the nursery. John could no more imagine Watson Hall without Elsa than without the sea wind surging through its open windows.
“Get out!” ordered Father. John stared at him, astonished by the breadth of his rage, then noticed his aunt was beaming with pride. “Get out of my home, Sir Albert Moran, and never enter it again until you apologize to my son, his mate, and the rest of my family.”
He silenced John with a kiss. Sherlock lifted his head only enough so he could murmur, “I thought I had it figured out so well. I would marry you to save you from the Morans; then I would leave. I would have arranged for word to be sent back to you that I had been killed in some sort of accident, and you would have been free to go on with your life.”
She pulled her silvery shawl more tightly over her dark gown. “Don’t waste your flummery on me, young man, when it is quite clear by your expression that you have your mind on someone else, much younger and more attractive to a lad like you, I would think. Are you ready to dance?”
“True.” Glancing over his shoulder, he added, “But I heard the water from the fountain in this direction and decided to look at it.”
“When will it be important? When you are taking your vows? When you mate? When your first child is born? When, John? Liking is not the same thing as loving.”
Fingers hard around his hips, teeth grazing his back.
John tensed, but Sherlock said, “My feelings for John were never meant to dishonor you in any way or to lessen my gratitude to you.”
“I would be glad to. John?” Harry asked, holding a hand out to her brother.
“Have there been any other offers?” John asked Greg as Harry continued to jabber.
“Nothing was decided about when.”
Sebastian again stared at Molly. When she did not continue along the narrow path, he scowled. John almost laughed when his friend frowned back. He thought that Sebastian would have learned years ago that he could not intimidate Molly Hooper. They had all grown up together, and Molly knew him for the dastardly bully that he was.
Mr. Anderson’s house was not far away. He would seek shelter there. Tugging his collar upward, he dashed through the trees.
Auntie scowled, then said, “I have no idea, but I thought you should know that he is leaving.”
“John, I am telling you the truth.”
“You must? Why?”
Greg’s hand on her arm silenced her as he asked again, “Have the French agreed to peace?”
“Can whatever it is wait a few minutes?” He had been intrigued with this story since the first sentence, and he was only a page from the end of the fourth chapter.
“And John tells me, that you have a pistol in your cart of rare quality that he believes would make the perfect gift for my alpha child.”
Chapter 11
“I was called away with the tidings of a confirmed sighting of French soldiers on the shore not far east of the village.”
John shook his head. “I cannot change my opinion on that, because I am looking forward to getting to know the Alpha you’ll be, Harriet Watson. I hope I have many years to find that out.” He did not add as they entered the room that tonight made him more certain than ever that Harry should not buy a commission or enlist. Her determination to be a hero could lead her to death. The last thing he wanted in his family was a well-decorated hero whose last medal was given posthumously.
He looked up.
He chuckled and smiled at John. “Not every night, William.”
“Mr. Holmes is my father’s guest.”
He picked up a stick as he walked and vented his spleen on a nearby tree, letting out a yell as his anger spent.  As the anger dissipated, it left a listless ache and he drifted back toward the manor, already dreading seeing Harry again at dinner.
“Father told you of how he has given arms to the villagers and set up a warning system to fight off any invasion?” John could not be mores startled if Sherlock had told him that he had been named the new king.
“Sherlock Holmes, my lord.”
“He does.” John was relieved to speak the truth. Even though he was unsure about loving Sherlock, he was certain that his life would be empty without him in it. He flinched and glanced back at the altar. Sherlock had said his life would be here now, but for how long? So many times, he had spoken of his love for his free life upon the country lanes.
“The same day?” Sherlock asked, his eyes widening.
John’s father must have spoken to him because he flinched and looked back at the baron.
“Not like this?” Sherlock repeated in bafflement.
“Never meant to hurt this family,” Sherlock said with the same quiet serenity.
“Get the door, John.” His cousin snapped.
“That would be the other two. They were here earlier looking for you.” Mrs. Carson rose.
When he was about to push past him, Sherlock sat John on the chaise longue. “I have warned him.”
John sat on the bed, his knees refusing to hold him. “Just like that? I do not expect you to tell me whom you have been with while your mate sleeps, but it seems that a lie would be appropriate at a time like this.”
He wanted to ask Sebastian who had seen Sherlock follow him into the woods as he returned to Watson Hall, but he knew it was wiser to relent now. Even to ask a single question could be dangerous. “I shall tell Father that I cannot marry you.”
“You intended your leave-taking to be a secret? Why?”
“You’re mine!”
“I learned to speak French and English from my mother who was half-English.” Sherlock clasped his hands behind his back and sat on the windowsill. “I learned to be a peddler when I escaped from the prison where I was a prisoner of war.”
John was glad for a chance to chuckle at Sherlock’s amazement for a change. “Tis a tradition in this shire that goes back before anyone can remember. Of course, it is much simpler now when most of the fields in the shire are enclosed. Years ago, people would have to walk nearly thirty miles during the day to make sure all the markers were in place to show where Watson land ended and the king’s began. Then they would dance through the night. Now, one only need to go about ten miles to traverse the bounds.”
“Thank you, but no.”
“And what of yours? Was your walk in the woods with Holmes during the beating of the bounds a part of your usual
Quivering beneath the seductive power of Sherlock’s breath stroking him, John drew back. He could not scold Sherlock for such an arrogant assumption when it was the truth. He wanted to curse his heart which had leaped at the sound of Sherlock’s voice.
Rising, John set his towel on the corner of the vanity and reached for a comb to straighten the mess of hair on his head. “Yes, I have decided.”
“Look out, John!”
He gripped one corner of Sherlock’s blanket. It was there, but not his husband. In a breathless whisper, he called, “Sherlock? Sherlock, where are you?”
“Sherlock!”
“Yes,” he answered without hesitation, “but how – ?”
“Help me help him!” he cried.
“Don’t be silly.” John didn’t look at him. “Do you need something?”
Bringing John to lean over him, he framed his face as he whispered, “Don’t wonder about me, sweetheart. Just be my bonny John. Be safe in the cocoon of oblivion you’ve spun for yourself. I want to know that you’re safe here when I cannot be with you.”
“Mr. Jensen said ‘tis a waste of time to be searching for him.”
“You needn't have bothered.”
Putting a finger to her lips, Molly slipped her arm through John’s. She led the way back down the hill as she spoke softly. “I know that, but I did not want everyone to know what we spoke of.”
The word had rung through his head since the day he foiled Moran’s plans for John, but now he wondered if the jest was on him. He might have been a fool to shackle himself to John, but he was a greater fool to let him sleep alone night after night.
“I hope you can learn something from me.”
“That I was home.” From the stormy shadows by the window, Sherlock stepped out to smile at him
“No.” Sherlock chuckled as he rested his hand on the chair again. “She was trying to find out what news I had of the war. It seems your young sister is very determined to go and punch Boney in the nose.”
“Has something caught your eye?” The peddler’s voice was smug. No doubt anticipating the chance to make a sale.  “You’ve been staring for quite a while.”
John’s fingers combed up through Sherlock’s hair and he was sure he would explode with his craving. John’s caresses – so tender and so innocent and yet so thoroughly captivating – drove him to near madness.
“That I was out plotting mischief?”  He shook his head. “I had more problems than I could handle without adding more.  It would have been so much easier if you were a shrew who hounded me with dozens of demands.”
Sherlock’s face hardened as he seized John’s shoulders. Staring into his shocked eyes, he demanded, “What do you expect of me? I was not lying when I told young Moran that your appealing charms are urging me to madness. If I hold you and kiss you, my dear husband, I doubt I could be halted with just that.”
“A peddler who arrived at Watson Hall last night.”
His tongue coursed along John’s ear before he murmured, “I do not want to hurry away from you, sweetheart, but I want you safe behind the walls of Watson Hall before I leave.”
Harry cried in excitement, “Smugglers? Here?”
“If you want me to.”  John took the hat.
“But?”
Fear slashed John as he was pushed toward the barn. He spun about to flee but saw a gun in front of his face. He walked toward the barn. Maybe if they thought he was browbeaten, he might find an opportunity to escape.
Hands under his arms brought him to his feet.
“Not of the musical choices tonight?”
“You woo an Alpha to your side with a flash of your blue eyes and the promise of pleasure on your lips,” Sherlock continued in a low voice that resonated through him.
Harry raised her chin and glowered at her cousin. “I’ll say what I like. John deserves to know that Father told Sir Albert he would give him an answer within the fortnight.”
Suddenly all pleasure at seeing the peddler’s wagon vanished. He wanted to be alone to figure out a way to keep Harry from getting herself killed and to halt his father from listening to Sir Albert.
This interruption had come at a bad time because he had let himself get swept up into the story, but he could not restrain his curiosity about who was speaking to the baron in such authoritative tones.
When John hesitated, Sherlock said, “Go along, John, while I finish loading my wagon. I am nearly done, and I told Harry I would join her for something cool to drink when I was finished. I will see you back at the house.”
“Can you be honest now?”
“Auntie-”
“Yes.” John looked away. Molly could forgive Greg for stopping his visits to the parsonage, but how would he forgive Sherlock? He wanted to forgive him. He could have forgiven him almost anything… except being false with him as he had.
John stared in disbelief at Greg as he remembered Sherlock saying there were rumored to be people in this area who wanted to put an end to the war by negotiating a treaty with the French.  They were willing to cede all of Europe to Napoleon in exchange for a promise that England was sacrosanct.
, act one, scene three if you wish to be exact.”
The peddler put out his hands when he wobbled but withdrew them again when John steadied himself.
“I cannot. Father would never allow it.”
“Sorry?” With a laugh, Sherlock tugged John into his arms. He brushed aside John’s fringe. His lips stilled John’s answer as he teased John to remember the rapture of stolen kisses. When Sherlock’s tongue surreptitiously teased the corners of John’s lips, his breath swirled through John’s mouth.
As he entered, John smiled. This room suited Aunt Hudson. It was vibrant, with no concessions for her age. Whimsical bits of art sat beside the most recent books published in London. Aunt Hudson had met her mate during a London Season that was still renowned for its elegance. Though the marriage had originally been a happy one, the scandal of Uncle Hudson’s treason and subsequent hanging had left its scars visible for years afterward. For his whole life, John had admired his great-aunt’s strength, her graciousness under fire, her devotion to the Watson family, and of course, her sense of humor.
Miss Donovan murmured, “Oh, dear. Oh, dear.”
Sherlock raised John’s left hand and pressed his lips to the gold band on his finger. “He is my husband.”
John heard shouts behind him as he raced through the trees. Overhead, thunder chased streaks of lightning. He did not slow as he ran out onto the road and saw a carriage coming toward him. Waving it down, he glanced back over his shoulder. The soldiers were not far behind.
“No? Papa told me that Sir Albert came to speak to him about officiating at the ceremony.”
“I have no idea what a peddler should know. To be honest, Mr. Holmes, I doubt if you have any idea what a peddler should know.”
“I do.”
“I am not turning your home into a shop.”
Heat rose along his cheeks as he reached for a comb. Combing his hair into place would give his trembling fingers something to do.
came the captain’s low voice. As he stood and faced them, he continued in French, “Who the hell have – “
John was confounded by this presumptuous man.  While he said nothing outwardly wrong, the way he spoke and the twinkle in his eye made plain his meaning. Yet, his gaze did not slither along John’s spine in the way Sebastian Moran’s did each time they met.  John shuddered as he pushed that thought away.
A map? Sweet heavens, they were planning an invasion. Fear clamped around John as he realized they could not let him go. He could describe each of these men, save for their leader who had his back to him, to his father.
Father leaned over him. “Don’t worry about the wagon!”
“Stay here,” Sherlock said in not much more than a whisper. “I will be back when I can.”
“Or might I interest such a fine omega in something else?” He smirked.
“You are despicable! I should hate you.”
“If you were with her, you should be miles from here by now.”
Well now. What do we have here? Another chapter? Since you've all been so patient with me, I give you two in one day. See what I did there?
John cried out as he came suddenly. "Fuck! Yes! Please! Fill me!"   As his hole clenched around Greg's knot, Greg jerked forward one final time with a howl. His teeth clamped down on John's scent gland and he released his load into his mate.
Sherlock chuckled but stopped when John stiffened. “John, we
“Oh, dear. Oh, dear.” Miss Donovan’s voice was rising to near hysteria.
“Come here, my boy,” ordered Aunt Hudson. “As you are part of this family, you should know by now that I expect to be acknowledged with a kiss on the cheek by my niece and nephew each morning.”
" You're lucky I wasn't too slow this time, you tosser." John interrupted and grinned as he stepped over the unconscious body of Sherlock's attacker.  "Quit insulting Lestrade and let me see your head."
The captain, who wore a cloak tossed back over one shoulder to reveal his epaulets, spoke so lowly that his whisper was lost beneath the drips of water coming through the thin thatch of the roof. His men nodded, so intent on his words that they had not looked up.
“Good evening, Mr. Wa—Mr. Holmes.” Said Mr. Donovan in a rumbling voice.
“No more than one should expect,” he answered. That, at least, was the truth, although he wondered why he had experienced this need to be honest with John now.
“Thank you, Harry,” he said. “I believe I’ll talk to Father about this as soon as possible.”
“‘’Tis a good thing I’m nothing more than a peddler then, isn’t it?
When John stiffened, Sherlock frowned. “What is wrong, John?”
John wished he knew what Sherlock would do then. Then again, John wished he knew what he
“Other than deciding to call on Miss Donovan instead, no. He always has been the epitome of kindness.”  She took his hand and squeezed it. “Please stop fretting over this. Greg was kind to give me a look-in as he did. I realize we have long been friends, but I realize, too, that it would have been difficult because of the differences in his rank and mine. He is nephew to a baron, and I am a minister’s daughter.”
“I would be of little use now.” Sherlock tapped the sling.
Even though she had lambasted him for his low attire, Lady Hudson’s stance as they walked together to the middle of the room dared anyone to so much as whisper about her escort. The rest of her family, save for young Harry, were waiting for them.
“Which this cannot be.”
“About retrieving an enemy prisoner? What can there be to decide? Mayhap they are all witless.”
Not wanting Sherlock to guess his thoughts, although John was sure he knew exactly why his smile refused to be hidden, he said, “I see Harry convinced you to shoot with him.”
“You are most welcome,” John said, although he truly wished to ask what was in the packet. He hadn’t been inquisitive about it until he saw Mr. Jensen’s odd behavior. Although he wanted to wait and see what was within it, he said only, “Good afternoon, Mr. Jensen.”
He closed his eyes and whispered a silent prayer. A soft sob escaped his tight lips at the thought of never seeing Sherlock’s face once more, of never again knowing the pleasure of his touch. How ironic that the answer he had sought during his walk was being provided this way! He was glad he had not delayed in telling Sherlock that he loved him.
“Your advice has always been good in the past.” Greg grimaced as he sat across from John in the chair Aunt Hudson usually chose. “Better than mine it would appear.” He looked over his shoulder. “Harry told me what happened at the Donovan’s party.”
For a long moment, he held his breath, he feared Mr. Holmes would not accept his falsehood. He should have kept his mouth in check, instead of blurting out his misgivings. Then Mr. Holmes hold on his arm loosened to a gentle caress, sending a thrill of delight through him. John moved away, for that was more frightening than his anger.
“What do they know?” Sir Albert snarled with a curse.
“It’s not unusual for me to make deliveries months after I receive something like that.”
Sherlock sighed when John suddenly pushed himself out of his arms. An expression stole the last glitter of delight from his eyes, which closed again when Sherlock bent to kiss his cheek. John’s fingers clenched at his sides, warning Sherlock of how hard he was fighting his craving –
Sherlock smiled, but his eyes remained serious. “I didn’t intend that. Just a manner of speaking, and not a very good one, if I am to judge by your expression.”
“That you would offer for Miss Donovan when no one could mistake your attention to Molly?” John shook his head. “You are right. ‘Tis a shock that you would be so unthinking and hard-hearted.”
His arm surged around John, pulling him up into his hateful uniform again as Sherlock whispered, “That I love you?”
John almost recoiled from the fury in Mr. Holmes eyes. Then he realized it wasn’t aimed at him. How glad he was of that, for Mr. Holmes’ easy going smile covered a strong temper that pierced through him.
“Why? Isn’t your name Captain Sherlock Huillet?”
Sherlock Holmes was his husband. He had every right to share John’s bed.
Greg started to follow with Miss Donovan in tow, still bemoaning her apprehension, then turned and glanced at John. He did not speak, but there was no need.
“As you wish, but will you allow me to practice on you?”
“I did not know you were joining us for the beating of the bounds,” John said when the silence seemed to grow painful. Not even the chirps of the birds and the buzz of insects awakening as the sun grew stronger could ease it.
“Huillet?”  Greg stepped forward, ignoring the gun as he growled, “How do you know of Huillet?”
“There’s a difference.” Molly smiled. “I am happy for you and Sherlock. I could see at the wedding celebration that you have much affection for each other.”
Sherlock chuckled. “No wonder your great-aunt thinks you far too serious.”
Lifting John’s hand to his lips, Sherlock kissed each finger.  John leaned his head on Sherlock’s chest as he had longed to do and listened to the uneven beat of his heart. This was not easy for either of them. He’d wanted Sherlock to be honest with him, but John could not be completely honest with Sherlock now. He did not want him to go.
“Yes.”
As if his cousin had remained silent, Sir Albert said, “I wanted your papa, but he refused me. I wanted you, but your father refused me. Sebastian could have won you with the help of his friend.”  He looked at Greg and chuckled. “But he made a muddle of that by giving Huillet the chance to play the hero.”
Not that anyone would have heard him, for Sir Albert continued to bellow, “John was to be Sebastian’s mate. You agreed to that, Watson.”
As John spun to return to the house, Sebastian caught him and forced John into his arms again. His lips claimed John’s, and John shouted out his denial, but the sound vanished into Sebastian’s mouth.
“I am sorry, Auntie. I-”
“You are very generous, Mr. Watson, but I would prefer to pay for my food.” He tossed the tea into the wagon as if it were nothing but a box of dirt. “Is there nothing here you might be willing to trade for?”
“Good morning,” he whispered, kissing first his father’s cheek and then Aunt Hudson’s.
“Let him go,” Mr. Donovan ordered as some of the men turned to follow Sir Albert and his uninjured crony.  “Good riddance. If we need him, we can get him.”  He walked through the mud to stand in front of John. “But I don’t think we’ll be needing Sir Albert, for I believe, as I told you earlier, Greg, that your cousin has much of the information we have been lacking.  Mayhap we should thank Sir Albert for persuading
Awareness of betrayal swept through him, bitter as bile and hot as flame. Sherlock had lied about being a traveling peddler. How readily he had duped them! He closed his eyes in agony. If Sherlock had been as false about everything, his kisses might have been feigned. He had used their marriage to inveigle his way into John’s father’s favor to gain information on the patrols and betray them.
“I agree, but Sebastian’s father is our neighbor. It would be deemed an excellent match. Sir Albert -”
“He’ll be fine!” snapped Sebastian, taking John’s wrist and jerking him toward the door. “You need not watch over him like a mother bird.”
“Can I ask why you want me to come with you?”
“You could have broken the brake on your wagon again.”
His head jerked up at John’s voice. Sherlock’s smile became ironic when he saw the glass John held out. If he were to drink, he would prefer it be of John’s lips, not this overly sweet lemonade.
His smile was cold. “So, you allowed me to confirm it by tricking me.”
“He has no reason to believe me when his son whom he as always trusted as owned to being my paramour.” He gave John a wry smile and tipped his face up, gently. “It won’t be so horrible to be married to me, will it?”
As soon as Sherlock closed the bedroom door behind them, John said, “You should not have come back here.”
"Please Greg! I need you!"
He frowned. “Away to where we do not have that cur’s eyes on us.”
“I didn’t! He simply couldn’t believe that I might not want him because he’s a lout.”
Picking up another pebble, he threw it into the water. The splash sent a ring flowing outward, but it disappeared into the rippling stream as if it had never existed.
As he stepped back toward the bed, his nightshirt tightened around his throat. Turning, he looked at Sherlock who was grinning at him as he held it. His eyes were lost in shadow as he drew John back toward him.
“Are those tears of joy?” John asked.
John looked away from his beguiling smile. Mayhap Aunt Hudson had sent him out here so that he had to face his own unthinking choices. Once again, he had not considered the consequences of listening to his heart instead of common sense. He had been a widgeon to let Sherlock steal a few kisses, but John feared he could easily steal more than that. He could steal John’s heart as well.
Instead of replying, Sherlock took John’s shoulders and pressed him against the wall. John stared at him, astonished at his rough action. He had always treated him with gentleness. Not like Sebastian, who had no patience for John’s questions.
Sherlock’s smile tightened as did his hands at John’s waist. “That Frenchman has no interest in you. All he wants now is to get back to France, if he’s not already there.” Releasing him, he urged, “Go to sleep.”
“You must think me an empty-headed prattle-box.”
“You are not cruel, Sherlock. You are…” A reluctant smile swept aside John’s fury, mellowing it to the familiar irritation when Sherlock’s warmth urged him to forgive once again. “You are infuriating!”
“I am not certain when he will return.”
John put his hand on Harry’s arm. “Enough, both of you. We are all home tonight, let’s talk of things that matter to all of us, not just the one.”
