Afterall, it didn’t sound like anybody else gave him the attention he deserved.
“It’s what I live for, Mr. Stark,” She tried to bite down on a smile, looking down to the tablet in her hands so she could hide in her strawberry blonde hair.
“Please, dear god, tell me you did not just put a flip phone into my hand just now,”
“Jesus christ, Miss. Rushman, we need to get you a bell or something,” the genius muttered, filling his glass again. Hey! He just spilled it, technically it isn’t a second glass if he didn’t even finish the first one.
Usually men like Steve would have way more press. Interviews and charity balls and shaking hands with government officials, hell, BECOMING a government official wasn’t uncommon for men like him. The scant information that Tony managed to uncover about the man had the distinct writing of a reporter trying to work around a restraining order on the press.
“Watch, daddy!” That was all the warning Steve got that Peter was going to take a running start and launch himself into his teacher’s arms. The artist just barely had enough time to set the drink he was holding down and catch the boy. “See! Steve didn’t even make grumbly sounds like you did.”
“Ok, I’ll talk to his parents and see if you two can hang out this weekend. Is that all you wanted, bub?”
The billionaire looked personally offended at the piece of technology that had been placed into his hands.
The genius was silent for a minute, which was an immense victory when it came to him and his unceasing chatter. In the time he took to formulate a response, he’d moved from the fingers, back up to the tangle of wires and neuro-transmitters that connected the arm to Bucky’s shoulder.
“It’s a shield!” Peter giggled. “It’s so he can protect us from the bad guys, duh.”
As for next week's chapter, I'm not sure if I can have it posted that Friday. At latest, It will be posted Sunday. I'm taking a week off work for a college thing that's seven hours away from my house so I'm not sure when I'll be uploading but it'll be anywhere from six in the morning Friday to Sunday evening. Just a head's up.
“Is THE Steve Rogers really going to babysit Peter?” Rhodey asked incredulously.
“Maybe,” Steve sighed, flopping back onto the ratty old couch that’s been residing in this apartment since before the dawn of time. “Buck at work already?”
“Promise. I love you, spider monkey,”Tony pressed a quick kiss to his son’s forehead and stood back up, trying to give Peter a brave smile. Steve wondered if this is how it went every time the man went on a business trip.
"Daddy!!!" Peter screeched, knocking his chair over in his rush to get out of it and then practically launching himself at his father.
He had asthma, he was deaf in one ear, poor eyesight, a weak immune system, and on top of that: he was tiny.
“You were gone all weekend and I was-I was-was just left here! All alone!” the boy whimpered, crossing his arms stubbornly.
“Ned said that once he gets his Death Star that he’s gonna bring me to his house and we’re gonna build it together,” Peter said from where he still sat at the table, finishing his drawing up.
“I like mint chocolate chip,” He said confidently as he scribbled onto the paper children’s menu with the provided crayons. “Oh, but also strawberry ice cream. And vanilla. Also the kind that comes in a box and tastes like girl scout cookies. Oh, and-”
There was around ten kids from ages six to twelve coming in the next ten minutes and he had the project ready for them as soon as they came in the door, so he could give them the lesson plan and let them go wild.
Pepper gave him a sympathetic frown. “I’m sorry, Tony. I really tried to hold this off, but I’ve been pushing this date back for months so you can spend time with your son and the board is getting impatient. I’m sure he’ll understand if you miss one weekend.”
“Maybe some other night, bud. We already got to spend two whole days with each other!” Steve smiled comfortingly over at the six year old. “Besides, I’m sure your dad wants to spend some time with you too.”
Someone cleared their throat to the left of him.
“You’re welcome, Captain!” Peter saluted to his teacher. “You can be my sidekick and help me defeat Mr. Bubbles, ok? Here, take this shield so you can protect yourself.” the boy handed him a tiny, plastic shield from his knight halloween costume he wore a few years prior.
“Ok, do you know any officer by the name of Steve Rogers?”
The trip to visit the west coast headquarters for Stark Industries had gone better than the genius had expected it to. It was most likely due to the updated staff Pepper had hired after ridding the department of the last of Stane’s underlings. Even after the man was put into jail for his attempt at killing Tony, they continued to lurk in dark corners of the company and create issues. Like rats. Maybe not even rats, like ants. They were bothersome, but couldn’t create enough mayhem to result in anything more than a couple of easily fixed messes.
Today was probably the best way to do it, anyway. It was more than enough time after Monday’s fiasco, and since it was Friday, Tony would have time to thoroughly think through what he had to say over the weekend.
“Wow, really? Not even a hello from my dear sweet Rhodey Bear? I’m removing the hearts from your contact name in my phone as we speak. Mortally wounded, over here.”
The teacher nearly jumped out of his skin before letting his menu drift back down to the table and responding. “Couple of months now.”
At this point even Ned looked like he had no idea what to do, he glanced to Steve like the teacher would have any idea how to handle this. Tony similarly confused.
"I started to, but then Peter was grabbing his art off the rack and showing it to his dad and talking about his mom up in heaven and GEEZ. What kind of an asshole would I be to tear into the guy after all that?" The veteran tossed his hands up in frustration.
“And who’s this?”
“I have a babysitter!” It seems that Peter had finished his maze. “Her name is Miss Nat and she’s real pretty.”
“Well how on Earth could I say no to that?” Steve tossed his hands up in defeat. “Now I have to say yes, just so I can be your sidekick.”
“C’mon, Mr. Steve!” the first grader pleaded, pushing himself upright and clasping his hands in front of himself. “I’ll even draw you as a superhero if you say yes, you can be my sidekick!”
“Set an alarm for five thirty. I want to pick Peter up from Aftercare since our weekend plans have been otherwise postponed,” Tony instructed as he stepped into his bedroom, tugging off his suit jacket and carelessly throwing it to the floor.
“Have a good evening, Stark,” and with that, Steve turned back to the Rec Center so he could finish cleaning his classroom.
“We’ll see,” and with that, she was off walking towards the parking lot.
Tony was halfway through his glass of whiskey when he realized Natalie was resting on the couch closest to the bar. He was too good at controlling himself to do something like fling the glass across the room upon seeing her, but it was damn near close and he still jumped enough the slosh his drink over the edge and onto his fingers.
Steve was currently as far into the supply closet as he physically could get, sorting through stacks of construction paper and sorting it into color coded piles. He wasn’t hiding, wasn’t stalling as he heard a brief knock on the door frame! He wasn’t!
But for now he had to push any secretary suspicion to the side, he had to figure out a way to talk Rogers into watching his kid for three days only a week after their first real conversation. Great.
His joints protested as he stood, having gone stiff for sitting hunched over as long as he did. These mornings were always the worst, the ones where there was nothing for him to do. None of his odd jobs, no neighbors requiring his help with home maintenance, no little, old ladies asking for help with their groceries. Just him and his own thoughts, his nightmares, swirling around and around in his head. Thoughts that vibrate off of each other and increase in volume until it’s all Steve can do to not curl up into a ball and hide away until he just rots.
“It’s not too surprising seeing as it’s only been a year or two since you shutdown the weapons sectors,” She nodded in a placating manner as the elevator doors opened and they both stepped inside. “And I’m well aware of the feelings directed towards our new clean energy initiative, seeing as I’m the new CEO and there’s at least one entitled, old man per meeting who tries to convince me to start producing missiles again.”
So Tony googled him.
“You mean disguise?”
Maybe Sam has the day off. Yeah, he should go visit Sam.
After a lot of trouble to prove that Steve could, in fact, handle himself just fine, he finally got to join the 107th Regiment and his childhood friend.
“Oh, of course. I’m utterly swayed when every single one of them start out their offers with quaint little comments about how a ‘pretty little lady,’ such as myself, ‘would be smart to rehire our weapons manufacturers,” Pepper muttered, clicking the button to the lab a second time to make it stop glowing, and then choosing the floor to the penthouse instead.
The group of children who, more often than not, chose art over gym were starting to trickle in through the door and he greeted them from where he was grabbing the cups of paint brushes off the back counters.
He fell to the floor with a thud, yelling out in frustration.
The problem being his work and how he prioritized it over Peter.
Peter handed his juice box to Steve and ran towards his father, jumping into his arms. Tony caught him, spinning him in a circle before setting him on his hip.
“First off, ew. He’s like a brother to me and I think I’ll actually throw up if you keep talking about him like that,” Bucky feigned looking disgusted, putting his good hand over his face and sighing exaggeratedly. “And secondly, if there really isn’t anything going on between you too, then why’d he spend the whole weekend at your place, huh?”
“Aw, look at you making friends. I knew you could do it, Tony.”
“Hey, Spiderman, is everything ok?” Steve asked gently, squatting down next to his chair.
Really? Steve? With a crush on him? This was all so juvenile. So...middle school. It was enough to leave Tony gagging. He gathered the rest of his tools and decided he’d spend some time down in his lab before he went to pick Peter up from aftercare.
"Oh-um, he's in the art room to your right. First door on the left in the hallway, there should be a sign that says 'Mr. Rogers' Art Room' and-"
“No thanks necess-ses-ses-ary, mister. You can just gimme some of your cookies,” the boy nodded, letting go of his toy for a second as he climbed into the seat next to his dad and began to eat.
“You have my full permission to fire them. I don’t want any gross, sexist bastards in the company,” Tony muttered, trying to sneakily press the lab button again.
This might have been the first time in Steve’s, admittedly short, career as an art teacher that he’s dreaded work.
By the time Peter finished up the chocolate and peanut butter ice cream he had shared with his father, he was starting to yawn. The bill had been paid five minutes ago and the tip laid out on the table. Tony reached over to pat his son on the back.
Maybe he’d have Pepper schedule a press conference and he’d tell everyone just what he thought about them demanding the blueprints of the fifth edition Starkphone immediately following the release of the fourth. Just to piss off those old bats on the board.
“Absolutely wonderful, I truly enjoyed every second spent in that room listening to the speaker lower the I.Q. of everyone within a five mile radius. How’s my boy?” The genius muttered, not able to take his eyes off where Peter was completely ignoring him.
"I thought - I thought Unca Happy was gonna pick me up today! You surprised me!" Peter wrapped his tiny arms around his father's neck.
“You just need to get laid,” Bucky nodded his head like he cracked the code, ignoring everything his friend had just said.
“Yeah, yeah. I get it, daddy’s all washed up and boring compared to our new resident hunk,” Tony rolled his eyes, crossing his arms.
Peter slammed his crayon down and slumped back in his chair, arms folded across his chest. “No! If daddy doesn’t have no time for me, then I don’t have no time for him neither!”
Anyways! thanks for sticking with me despite disappearing for 2 months and thank you for reading!
“Making me CEO doesn’t change the fact that you’re still a huge part of the company! You’re still the face of this entire business, it’s YOUR last name in the brand,” Pepper huffed. “What was so important this weekend that you couldn’t reschedule, huh? Do you even have any idea of what Peter likes to do anymore?”
“Don’t get too starstruck, Platypus, or I’m gonna start getting jealous. What, you got a crush on America’s Sweetheart over here, or something?” Tony teased.
"Oh, really? A good surprise, I hope?" Tony couldn't stop smiling, he really had missed his boy while he was away.
“No, I’m going to drop him off at a friend’s house. They’re making a lego death star, the little nerds couldn’t be more thrilled about it,” Despite the teasing tone of voice, Tony couldn’t help but grin. His son and Ned were adorable with how anxious they were to finish it.
“I’m gonna stop you right there, Tony. Do NOT try and fuck an american hero!”
“Oh, uh-yeah, he did. I don’t think I’ll be coming, though. I’m sorry,” Steve tried to explain it as gently as possible, keeping a comforting smile on his face. The last thing he wanted to do was ruin the boy’s good day.
The second he got back though, that was a different story.
But really, how often was it that Tony got to walk into a casino and just spend a few hours gambling anymore? You can’t just take your six year old son into a casino without getting called out by the press and maybe a handful of security guards. So maybe the billionaire took a couple thousand and stayed up until the early hours of the morning blowing it all away in Vegas. How was he supposed to know that his weekend plans were going to fall through and he would have to pick up his son from daycare?
“Uh-uh. I thought the only kinda paints that there was, was just, like, um, finger paints and stuff,” Peter explained as he reached out to poke at the dry, red paint. “Do you use it like chalk?”
“And they say chivalry is dead,” The genius swooned, free hand over his heart as he strolled towards the kitchen. “You really know how to make a man feel special, Ms. Potts.”
“I know you couldn’t tell me about your job back before I had any part in it,” Steve argued, he was nothing if not stubborn. “But now that we just so happen to be working for the same ‘boss,’ I feel like it’s only right that you clue me in.”
“Hunk?”
"Yeah, they were dating for a while so I guess I just assumed-"
“He’s in the closet,”
“So...tell me about Jarvis?”
“Now let’s attack!” Peter yelled, jumping around to face the teddy bear and holding out a can of silly string menacingly. It was at this exact moment when he finally noticed his father standing by the elevator, watching the scene play out before him. The spray can hit the floor, “Daddy!!!”
Though the boy was distracted for the moment, Steve couldn’t help but wonder what had the normally content boy so distraught. As he walked around the room, helping other students with increasingly elaborate art projects, he kept an eye on Peter.
“Would you two shut the hell up! I’m not doing anything untoward with Stark!” Steve looked five seconds from tearing his hair out. “The guy felt guilty for leaving his son home alone so often that he promised to do whatever the kid wanted on Valentines. It just happened to be hanging out with me after aftercare one day.”
Was there any room in his already lengthy introductory spiel to add in paranoid bastard?
Tony practically slammed into the closet door as he ran over to throw it open and throw on the first shirt and pair of jeans he came across.
“He’s just lonely. I don’t regret moving out, it was good for me,” Bucky rolled his shoulder when Tony was done, glad to stretch out his shoulder and back now that he didn’t have to sit still anymore. “But I can’t say it doesn’t worry me to think of him living all by himself in that shitty, old apartment.”
"Uh...Mr. Stark, we-uh," the poor lady behind the desk glanced to her coworkers who seemed just as speechless as her. "Peter Parker is your….son?"
“No, I’m super strong and also I can heal, like, super fast. Besides, once I get him with my super-webs, he’ll be all tied up.”
There was a brief interlude where Peter spent a minute peeking out from behind the chair, jerking back behind it whenever his father moved. Tony figured he should sweeten the deal to really put his plan into motion.
“That’ll be all, Ms. Potts,” Tony winked, before pretending to go back to the cold pizza he pulled out of the fridge a minute before.
“That’s what I said, squirt. Anything you want,” Tony planted a quick kiss on his forehead as the first grader seemed to pause, thinking about what he wanted to do.
The blonde huffed, rolling his eyes as he grabbed Ned’s bag as well, directing him to the gym. By the time Steve had his only remaining student settled, the sound of Peter’s mean words and yelling had devolved into loud crying, heard from across the parking lot, as he simultaneously tried to push his father away and pull him closer.
“Hello, my dear Ms. Potts. However may I be of service?” Tony set his drink aside, leaning against the bar. Natalie turned to collect her papers off the coffee table in front of the couch in an attempt to give her boss some semblance of privacy.
“Woah, hold on. Now THAT’S interesting,” Bucky shot up, nearly falling out of his chair with how quickly he leaned forward. The drinks rocked dangerously. “Are you telling me THE Tony Stark was hitting on you? Right in front of his kid?”
“But is it true??”
“That’s a dirty trick, and you know it, Stark. How am I supposed to say no to the puppy dog eyes?” Steve scoffed, unable to hide the smile that crossed his face when he saw Peter peering up at him from the booth seat with wide eyes and his bottom lip jutted out in a fake pout.
“Which brings me to point three,” Natasha gives him a sly smirk before inspecting her nails, looking like the image of nonchalance. “I’m pretty sure it isn’t appropriate to stare at your boss the way you do.”
“The day I allow you to turn my left arm into a hideous gold and red monstrosity is the day I die,” Bucky was giving Tony a cold look. “I’m surprised you didn’t just make it the way you wanted when you built the thing. You’re paying for it, after all.”
“That’s right! We’re doing watercolor paints today and since Valentine's Day is coming up soon, I want you to paint something that you love more than anything else,” Maybe it was an easy out but he had to come up with almost five projects a week, more for the kids who finished everything at lightning speed. “I’ll be walking around the room for anybody that needs the help.”
“Alrighty then, guess I’ll just have to eat all this spaghetti by my lonesome!” Tony sighed dramatically, piling food onto his plate like it was a chore. “Lone Rider Tony, saddling up to the table for some solitary grub...sure wish there was an ace-high cowboy who would come and save me from cashing in.”
“That’s a rudimentary way of putting it...”
“C’mon, bud. Your dad’s here! You can go home now,” Steve tried to give the kid a reassuring smile, but it only proved to make the child even more upset.
“Bullshit!” Peter hollered, stamping his foot down as hard as he could.
It isn't often that Steve has a minute to sit at all, really. It's no mistake that his schedule is never empty. He plans his days chock full of things to keep him on his feet and his mind distracted. For as long as he could remember, he's been a busy body. Since he'd already spent too many weeks of his life incapable of doing anything at all.
“Hey!” Steve chuckled, shaking his head at Bucky who was staring daggers into him from over top the list of specials. “You can’t call me a punk anymore. I’m not some scrawny li’l shrimp from Brooklyn now. I’ve got like two inches on you now.”
The rest of the dinner went well. The three got their meals and Steve had to admit that despite the obnoxiously loud atmosphere of the diner, they made some damn good cheeseburgers.
After whittling down the list considerably he had happened upon information on one Captain Rogers from the 107th infantry. He was a man of many feats, a highly decorated officer who’s done a good bit for the country. Not that many would know that.
“Oh, c’mon you big cry baby. You know I love you,” Steve could nearly hear Sam rolling his eyes over the phone. “Listen, I’ve got to go greet the people in group, but I’m pretty sure Natasha’s free today. Why don’t you go hang with her?”
After a crying episode like that one on Sunday, the genius had thought his son had gotten all the upset out of his system.
But things were different, Tony had somebody who depended on him. Tony had a son, and the last thing that his son needed right now was for his father to ditch him during his post-rampage nap just to get wasted and circumvent the entire problem that got the two into this mess.
“I was just saying that if you have any questions, just ask Jarvis. Bedtime is eight, and Peter will most certainly try to weasel out of it, so have fun with that. Kid’s damn persuasive when he wants to be,” Tony explained, eyes trained on where his son had curled up on the couch with his juice.
“Know is a strong word. I’ve heard of him, he was Rogers’ right hand man in all things on and off of the field.”
Tony nearly flinched at her words. There was a beat of silence.
The board was itching for another shiny, new piece of tech to release to the public at a ridiculous price anyways. No matter how many times Tony insisted that the phones and tablets he was making didn’t need improving upon, those money hungry dogs were always pounding their fists on the table for more and more. They had no respect for the durable, long-lasting tech he was producing.
“I’m sorry, that doesn’t sound fun at all. Do you want to talk about it?” The art teacher tried leaning down a bit, to catch his student’s eye. It worked, the kid glancing over at him and softening just a bit. “No Valentines at all?”
“Peter’s going to be just fine. Hell, I’ll even send you hourly updates if that’ll make you feel better,” As much as Steve wanted to be pissed that Tony was giving him the third degree, he knew it was just because the man was nervous. The blonde couldn’t blame him.
Her phone chirped where it sat in her front pocket and she pulled it out to squint at the message on her screen.
“Ok, you know what? I’m done. No more work talk. How’s therapy going, Buck?”
“That’s ridiculous. I can just look at Jarvis’ feeds on my Starkphone. I don’t need you to send me updates,” Tony insisted despite some of the tension leaking out of the line of his shoulders as soon as Steve had brought up the idea.
“It’s hard to juggle a kid and an entire company, Tony. Nobody can blame you if you’re a little preoccupied,” Pepper gripped at the Stark Tablet in her hands, struggling with whether she should stay where she is or reach out to comfort her former boss. “Peter doesn’t blame you.”
Man, that guy was a giant prick.
“More like knock your teeth in,” Rhodey snorted.
Anyways, thanks for reading!
“The teacher from Matilda,” Tony informed Steve and was met with only a blank stare in return. “Whatever, that wasn’t my best work, alright? Especially since that’d make me the Wormwoods. I was just saying that you’re a hell of a teacher for someone who just started out.”
“I...girlfriend? I don’t-what, I’m sorry, us?” Steve struggled to find the words to explain just how terrible and insulting he found this entire situation. He’s seen this man approximately six times and never for longer than fifteen minutes. Never with anything but a cool, cordial attitude he saved for disagreeable parents. How on Earth could someone who was rumoured to be one of the top minds in the world possibly come to the conclusion that Steve would be amenable to a date when-
“No, nothing like that. He’s just currently obsessed with the amazing Mr. Rogers right now,” Tony rolled his eyes so he’s not sure but for the briefest moments she almost looked surprised by something he said. The look was gone so quickly he started to wonder if he had just imagined it.
“You’re right, you’re right,” Steve admitted with a sigh. “It’s just that Peter is such a bright and amazing kid and it makes me upset that his father is going to miss out on all of that. I mean, you should just hear the stuff he talks about once he realizes someone is actually listening! He just needs attention, something he doesn’t get enough of at home and-what are you doing? Get that look off your face.”
“Ice cream!!!”
“Yes, yes, it’s all very life and death right now. I understand,”Tony waves his hands through the air before picking his glass back up for another sip while he begins to pace. “It starts at twelve, be there fifteen minutes early, and it’s a lunch meeting at some stuffy bistro downtown. Happy?”
“I think this room needed an update anyways. You used scotch tape, right?” Tony bent over to give Peter a playful glare, poking at his ribs and making him giggle. “If I find out you’ve been putting duct tape on the walls again, you’re in for it, pal.”
“Not for a couple years, I don’t think,” he mumbled, the sound of computer keys clacking in the background. “Here, I found him. I met him maybe once or twice when he needed reinforcement from the air force. Why do you ask?”
It’s not that he thinks Peter is going to be difficult to manage over the weekend. Peter’s always been a great kid and Steve is sure the same is true at home, but that’s just the thing. At his home. The teacher would be coming into Tony’s home, the penthouse at the top of Stark Tower.
“You doing anything this morning?” Steve said in lieu of answering Sam’s question. “It’s later than our usual rendezvous, but I figured we could go for a quick jog?”
Guiding the tiny hand holding the brush, the teacher explained what he was doing. “The water on your brush activates the watercolor, so it turns the water the same color as the paint.”
Pepper sighed, a surefire sign she was just going to let Tony make bad decisions on his own. “If you say so. Goodnight, Mr. Stark.”
“Yeah! My teacher brought cupcakes for lunch time an’ then, uhm, Mr. Steve gave us cookies for snack today!” Peter explained as he wiggled out of his father’s arms and went to gather the drawings he had been working on. “They were like the kind from the store. The white ones with the pink icing an’ the sprinkles an’ stuff.”
“I...you and Peter?”
“What??? No! How could you say that?” Steve gasped, practically clutching at his pearls in horror as his face started burning. “Babysitting! I’m babysitting his son for the entire weekend, not ‘boning him.’ I can’t believe you!”
Usually I'm a chapter ahead, but since I was busy last week I had to write all of this in five days and between work, summer projects, and the fact that this if the longest chapter I've written yet, I didn't get this done on time. Hopefully we'll be back on schedule next week! Thanks for reading
This man was the definition of America’s Sweetheart. A real Captain of America, or something dumb like that.
which means it took about ten damn chapters for me to get this shit rolling and I deeply apologize.
“Be careful talking like that,” Barnes warned, cryptically pausing between sentences. “Might make your boyfriend jealous like that.”
“Thanks for watching my little monster and making sure he didn’t impale himself on a paint brush, or something,” Tony gave a slight nod to the blonde.
“Alright, well. If that’ll be all, Mr. Stark?” Natalie asked, already slowly backing up towards the elevator.
“It’s all just so touching...brings a tear to my eye,” Tony sniffled, reaching up to wipe a fake tear out of his eye. “And you know what would make this sentimental little moment even better?”
Tony glanced back at her, like this was his first time seeing her since he arrived back to the tower, and waved a hand noncommittally. “Oh, yeah. I’m good, thanks. You did a great job and I’ll make sure your next paycheck reflects that, Thank you,” he muttered, already tossing his bags to the couch and heading towards his child. Natalie was already gone before he was done talking.
“Ok, I get it!” Steve groaned, throwing his arms up and turning to glare out the window. No, he wasn’t pouting. “I got myself into this mess, I get it. It’s just…I don’t know. I see how unhappy Peter is when his dad has to leave and I thought maybe if he had a babysitter he liked it wouldn’t bother him as much.”
“Pepper, my dear, you came to see me on my deathbed after that long and dreadful trip!” Tony called out, flinging both arms out dramatically to either side of him.
"I'm not saying that's a bad thing, man. It just makes sense why you're being so overprotective of this kid," Bucky rolled his eyes before taking a sip of his water.
Thanks for reading!!!
“I’ve been here the whole time, Mr. Stark,” Natalie said with a dazzling smile and a tilt of her head. “I can leave if you’d like me to, I was just finishing up some paperwork before I went home for the night. Figured I’d do it somewhere comfortable instead of the offices.”
It was a monkey from Build-A-Bear they had gotten before he started kindergarten. Tony had taken his son there when he was hesitant to start going to school, it was a friend to keep him company if he got upset during the day. Peter had dressed the toy in a red shirt and blue jeans and named him Spider Monkey after his father’s nickname for him.
“Well?” the genius raised an eyebrow at the blonde.
“Can we have that for dinner tonight?” Peter asked, spraying crumbs everywhere when he spoke through his mouthful of sweets. Tony made a mental note to change the kid’s bedsheets later, there was definitely a quarter of a cookie spilling down Peter’s shirt and onto the bed he was sitting on.
Bucky had moved out of Steve's apartment a year or two ago when he finally managed to get a job as a mechanic that was closer to Sam's than it was where they lived then.
It was quiet for a couple minutes as Tony began to eat his dinner, occasionally glancing over to where he could just barely see the top of Peter’s unmoving head over the counters. After three minutes passed, the boy slowly started to slip out of the kitchen towards the dining room where Stark pretended that he was too invested in spaghetti to notice the first grader slide across the floos to hide behind the chair opposite of him.
“Peter likes you, and it’s obvious you like him too. It’s hard to introduce the strange, new person you’re dating to your son. If it was someone Peter already new and liked though…” Natasha trailed off expectantly, allowing the artist to fill-in the blanks. “Just something to think about.”
“Is it really so hard to believe that I’m just calling to ask how you’re doing? To ask how your most recent travels have been? Maybe I just missed the sound of your melodic voice and a phone call was the only way to soothe my aching heart. Maybe I-”
Tony’s smile had slipped off his face, and a quick glance over his shoulder told him ‘Mr. Steve’ was just as lost for an answer as he was.
“Shhhhh, do you need a band-aid?” Peter asked, pulling back a little bit to look him in the eyes. All of this was so very serious and it was hard for him not to laugh.
“Oh, thank you, Spider Monkey! You’re such a big help,” Tony grinned, reaching out to shake the stuffed animal’s paw. “I owe you my life. However can I repay you?”
“Well, aren’t you just a precious little boy scout?” Tony teased, rolling his eyes. “I don’t do pleasantries so I’ll leave you four to make nice while I go grab my last few things.”
Genius. Playboy. Billionaire. Philanthropist. Face smashed against the car window. Passed out and drooling as Happy drove them back home to the tower.
Tony let himself fall backwards onto the couch. He had been expecting to find anything from an instagram to small criminal records, like maybe a speeding ticket from whipping it too hard on his sexy beast of a motorcycle or smoking pot or something. Not viable proof that Steve could pick Tony up and bend him into a pretzel.
“Yes, yeah, of course, my dear James,” the billionaire mumbled, already scrolling through the holo-screen in front of him and not paying any attention to the phone still squished between his shoulder and ear.
Maybe it was just because she happened into his life after the incident, but he felt like there was more there. But it wasn’t something he wanted to dwell on. Just the slightest memory of the Ten Rings made Tony reach up and rub at his chest.
Imagine Tony's surprise when Mr. Rogers isn't some half decomposed corpse but a man in the prime of his life with shoulders for days. This man was built like god damn Adonis. Who gave him the right??? With chiseled features and perfectly pushed back blonde hair and those sparkling blue eyes and their cold fury and - wait hold on a second...was he? Was he glaring at Tony?
The art teacher’s bitch face returned full force, this time accompanied by him folding arms across his chest which, in all honesty, distracted the billionaire entirely from the task at hand. “There’s no late fee, but if there were? It’d probably be pretty steep. Peter’s here past six almost every day. I don't-"
Steve had made more than enough well meaning mistakes in his life, but this might just take the cake.
“Ah, yes. You’re an oh-so incredible genius. How could I forget?” Steve teased. He glanced nervously out of Peter’s room towards the living room. There were still chairs and stuffed animals strewn across the place. “Are you sure you don’t want me to go out there and help clean up? It’s really no problem…”
“They wouldn’t dare. The press KNOWS about the restraining order,” Tony hissed, staring in bewilderment at the screen before him. It was a grainy picture, but not so fried you couldn’t make out Tony himself holding one Peter Parker. The boy’s face was obscured by the branches of a tree, thank god. Peter was reaching out towards Steve, who had his back turned to the camera and was only half in frame, the picture had obviously been taken last second before Tony took his son home after art.
Not that he blamed the guy. He was a veteran, one who’d been captured and brainwashed for years, it would be strange if he instantly trusted Tony. Hell, even the people close to the genius were suspicious of his motives when he declared he’d be starting an experimental line of robotic prosthetics. It was a miracle that Bucky hadn’t deleted the e-mail he received from Stark Industries extending an invitation to be one of the first receivers of Stark’s newest line of robo-arms.
“Oh, please,” Nat rolled her eyes. “Between work and spending time with his son, Tony doesn’t have the time to meet anybody, let alone make time for regular dates with them.”
Genius. Playboy. Billionaire. Philanthropist. Absolutely dreading Friday afternoon.
“Take good care of my son and you don’t have to worry about it,” Tony smirked wickedly as the doors shut in between them.
“Let me humour you?” Steve gave the stressed man a crooked grin, hands shoved into his pockets. “Feel free to completely ignore them if you want, just figured I’d offer.”
Tony turned, fully expecting to come face to face with a crotchety old man. An old man who would tell him off for being so late but would, ultimately, be pacified once he saw it was THE Tony Stark. A bit of schmoozing here, an apologetic look there and the billionaire would be on his way to do fun things with his son.
His trip to the park had been meant to clear his mind, pull him out of thoughts. Now all he could do was think, albeit about better things than this morning. He had came her to clear the air with Natasha, not to have his feelings for Tony questioned and become even more confused than he-
“That sounds like a lot of fun, but I’d hate for Miss Natalie to miss out on hanging with you!” Steve glanced up at Tony as he said that, hoping the look conveyed how little he wanted this conversation to end with the billionaire firing his babysitter.
“You’re an art teacher at an aftercare program for elementary school children. They don’t just let ANY creepy, crawley, crazy serial killers work in a place like that, and if they did, they probably wouldn’t waste the energy it takes to make friends with the kids like you are,” Stark rambled, waving his hand through the air like all of this was obvious, textbook information.
Not that the genius intentionally put his job above his kid, like nobody hops into their car and starts driving to intentionally cause a ten car pile-up on the highway. Either way, at the end of the day it’s a burning hot mess of flaming garbage and nobody wants to actually sit down and admit that they’re the reason for the impromptu bonfire in the middle of the interstate.
“So he needs an eccentric billionaire to fill up the place, I see where this is going,” Tony nodded sagely. “You want me to be your bestie’s sugar daddy, I completely understand now.”
“It is currently 2:23 in the afternoon, sir.” The AI dutifully responded.
“No, I mean...I’m sorry that I haven’t been home lately. It’s not fair for me to be out at work so much,” Tony tried to push through the uncomfortable. “I know you were upset with me this afternoon and I want to know what I can do to make it better.”
Peter fell back onto his bed in a fit of laughter, trying to squirm and kick away from his father who continued to tickle him mercilessly.
"I almost did!" Steve continued on with his rant like he'd barely heard a word. "I was fully prepared to let him have it for keeping his six year old at aftercare for hours!"
Tony could still remember, in vivid detail, the look of disappointment on his son’s face Saturday morning. Happy had just come over with Pepper and the newest addition to the payroll, Natalie Rushman. The billionaire had just finished explaining to his son that he had some very important business to attend to over the weekend and that the very nice Ms. Rushman would be hanging out with him in the meantime.
“There was nothing to report, sir. No scraped knees, no crying, not even a single sniffle,” The AI replied, almost sounding tired of the overbearing parenting routine.
“You are going to this meeting even if I have to carry you to the board room in a body bag,” Pepper slapped the file against his chest this time, commanding his attention.
“Will that be all, Miss Potts?” Tony mumbled, crossing his arms like a petulant child despite the actual fear that ran through him from the stern look in the CEO’s eyes.
“Love you too. Bye aunt Pepper,” Peter said softly as he wiped at his face with the sleeve of his shirt.
“No I think we’ll give our golden boy a heart attack. What do you think?” Tony hummed, loosening his tie and popping the top couple of buttons of his dress shirt.
“Oh, thank goodness. I don’t know what I’d do without you here to protect me, Spiderman,” Steve grinned down at where Peter had rushed over to untie the rope. Something about the blonde playing along with his son made Tony’s heart trip over itself in a way that he didn’t want to closely analyze.
“Oh, come on. Don’t act like that, I’ve heard you make some mean spaghetti and meatballs,” The blonde shrugged.
“Well, another fun fact about Captain Rogers is that he’s the world’s most heinous child murderer. All his victims were the young sons of famous billionaires,” Rhodey droned, knowing his friend wasn’t comprehending a single word. “The craziest part? All of them were named Peter.”
“Shocker. What’d you do this time, Cap?” Bucky mumbled slumping into the couch cushions, stretching his legs out across Sam’s lap. “Doesn’t got anything to do with your Tony Stark biz, does it?”
“Yes, sorry. What were you saying?” Steve cleared his throat, turning his full attention to the shorter man.
“And they were rock solid. Pete knocked out a tooth on one of them,” Stark was grinning down at his son.
As he pulled open the door to his room and jammed a plastic wedge underneath it with his foot, he could hear the distant thunder of twenty-something elementary schoolers running into the lobby. Half of them would be going to the gym, and the other half would be heading his way to do art.
Kudos to Steve for having one of the most common names in America.
“You’re ok, dude. You’ll be fine when you get married,” The little boy told him, with a determined look on his face.
Genius. Playboy. Billionaire. Philanthropist. Absolutely shocked by the little boy dozing on top of his teenage mutant ninja turtles blanket right now.
“Oh, come on, Petey-Pop! What’s wrong?” Tony squatted down and reached out to rub Peter’s back. Immediately, the boy crumbled, turning to face him with watery eyes.
“Ok! I got it! I’m leaving!” The brunette raised his hands in surrender.
“Peter, are you happy?” God, that sounded lame. This was stupid, feelings are stupid. Tony didn’t know how to do this. Stark men didn’t do emotions.
The genius had to stop himself from physically recoiling. “Rogers?” he asked incredulously. “You want to hang out with Mr. Rogers? Are you sure?”
As soon as Tony reached for Peter and lifted him out of his chair, the six year old was instantly wriggling and screaming like he was being attacked. Despite the first grader being small for his age, it looked like a struggle to keep the livid boy contained. Especially since the genius wasn’t all that big himself.
None of that was needed though because as soon as he realized that, when Steve asked a question, he would listen to the answer intently, the first grader had a hard time staying quiet. Hell, he had kept chatting with the teacher through the entire class until he was picked up by a grumpy looking man he called Happy.
Steve folded his arms to self-consciously cover his chest. He could feel the brunette staring holes into him before those brown eyes snapped back up to meet his.
“I’m sure you’ve dealt with worse.”
“Wow, I’m really feeling the love tonight kiddo. Nothing says ‘I love you, pops’ more than asking your art teacher to carry you to the car instead of your dear old dad,” Tony teased, leading the way out of the still busy restaurant. “No, no, please. I enjoy feeling like chopped liver. Don’t mind me.”
“And you said yes??” Bucky looked more amused than he should have. “You dumb fucking boy scout. You know you’re allowed to say no to people, right?”
Half the kids in the room raised their hands, barely holding back from just shouting out the answer to the whole class. Steve picked who he thought raised their hand up first.
Before he could spiral any further, he caught sight of a familiar face already by their go-to bench. A quick glance at his watch showed that she was right on time, like always.
“Goodnight, Steve,” Tony said abruptly, turning towards the driver’s door and sliding into his car without another word.
“If she isn’t afraid to call you out then I’d suggest you’d go meet her before you’re late,” Steve joked, a hand on the genius’ shoulder as he not-so-subtly directed him towards the elevator doors.
Steve wanted to say something so badly. Say something about how this is all Tony’s fault. That if he just gave his son the time of day, they wouldn’t be fighting like that.
The people around him noticed it too. Noticed the blonde running himself into the ground with random little jobs, never taking a break. They've tried to get him to stop, sit, and breathe for a moment, but it's always a losing battle.
“And Nata-”
Thanks for reading!
“I hate to break this to you, Mr. James B. Barnes, but the thing was already cut clean off when we found you,” Tony explained in a grave voice as he spread out his tool kit in the empty space next to Bucky.
‘ur such a stubborn dumbass’
“Can anybody guess what we’re doing today?”
“Is he going to be okay?” The teacher asked warily as he watched Tony maneuver his agitated child into the carseat and tug the restraints in place.
“Mr. Stark, please!” the teacher’s face was flushed red and the previous angry look on his face was now a mix of confusion and embarrassment as the blonde struggled to comprehend what was happening right now.
“Did he mention your shirt? Please tell me he mentioned your shirts.”
“Don’t worry, puddin’ pop. You’re on the Super Special A-Team,” Tony reassured the boy, crouching down to be eye level with him.
Peter came running back to the table, falling to his knees behind it. After a couple seconds, the head of his favorite stuffed animal poked up above the surface of the table.
“I understand, but why is this making you so upset now of all times?” she asked, not unkindly.
“What the hell? Where is all this insightful, understanding attitude bullshit coming from?” Steve made a face like his best friend being reasonable was a personal slight against him.
“She’s completely desensitized to my wily good looks, but a hunk like you? I bet people are just tripping over themselves to cheer you up,” Tony smirked, and just when did they get so close to each other?
“Old! I’m sorry, did you just call me old?!” Stark yelled, setting him down and pretending to shake the boy by his shoulders. “I’m in the prime of my life! Why on earth are you calling me old?”
“Peter, now’s not the time for this. We can talk about it once we get home,” Tony was starting to get frustrated, his voice hardening. “Now get up and get in the car so we-”
It wasn’t long before Steve burnt himself out and Agent Carter and the Colonel ordered him into going back home. They gave him the paperwork for his Honorable Discharge with twin sympathetic smiles and put him on ice, so to speak. He was benched.
As asked, JARVIS went silent. That didn't stop the AI from projecting bright flashing lights onto the window screens and blaring loud rock music over the speakers, jarring Tony out of bed.
“You’re right, Petey. I must have forgotten,” Tony stopped to shake his head at his son, standing with his hands on his hips. “What would I do without you?”
That's why he had time to sit and reflect back on what's brought him to where he is right now. Which is, again, something he didn't like to do often.
“You always say that,” Peter mumbled under his breath, shocking Tony for half a second.
Shoving up and away from the couch, the determined businessman marched to the kitchen, digging through the pantry for just about the only food he could manage to not fuck up beyond repair, spaghetti and meatballs.
“We’re doing watercolors today,” Betty answered, reaching towards the tiny plastic pallet in the middle of the table.
“And that, my dear oblivious friend, leads us to an unrelated fourth point,” Natasha leaned in close. “Tony’s into you too. So, get off your high horse, and ask him out.”
“Then the tooth fairy came!”
“Is there anything you can’t do, superman?” Tony pushed through the awkwardness, gesturing to Steve with his half-eaten cookie. “Good with kids, hot as the dickens, an honest to God COOK??? I’ll find your secret weakness one day.”
“I’m flattered he thought of me, but I’m not so sure that’s a good idea,” Steve tried to say it quietly to keep the little boy shoving his artwork into his bag from hearing.
“So how long have you been teaching?” Tony asked after a brief couple minutes of quiet.
When Tony had agreed to let Steve babysit Peter, he had expected his son to be a little less upset about business trips. What he hadn’t expected was for the art teacher to become his son’s new hero. It’d be a lie if Tony said it hadn’t smarted to come home and find he wasn’t missed at all. Not that he wanted his boy to be distraught like he had been, but a part of him wished he could have been home to do all of this instead of the sitter doing it for him.
“Noooo! I don’t want no dumb babysitter! Don’t want Natalie! I want you to be home but you’re always gone!” Peter was still shoving Tony, over and over as frustrated tears filled his eyes.
“Would you shut the hell up already, Stark?” Bucky laughed, throwing the rag lying on the cot into his face. “Just figured I’d let you know. It’s honestly completely selfish of me, I’m tired of hearing him pine over you like a thirteen year old girl.” Barnes slid off the table, standing up and stretching a bit more before grabbing his coat. “But I get it if you’re too pussy to make the first move.”
A quick, hot shower was enough to chase the cold away, and by the time he was dressed and calling Sam on his phone, he almost felt like a human being again. The phone rang three times before his friend picked up, filling the receiver with the white noise of public areas filled with people.
The blonde peeked up out of his arms to shoot his friend a scathing look. "Oh, really, Buck? Do enlighten me."
“Stan.”
“Would you two quit it?” Steve huffed, grabbing Bucky by his good arm away from where he’d been attempting to throttle Sam. “I swear, you two are worse than my elementary school kids!”
“Uh, because I have eyes?” Natasha shot back, looking at the blonde dubiously. “Hell, even the blind can tell you have the hots for Tony. You don’t exactly hide it.”
“Ok! If I carry you to your dad’s car, will you promise to drop this conversation?” Steve asked, already pulling the boy up to sit on his hip. As soon as the words had left Peter’s mouth, he had seen Tony puffing up to argue against being called short.
It wasn’t so much as dreading work as he was dreading what came afterwards. At six, Tony would be here to pick up Peter. Instead of the billionaire’s usual weirdly flirtatious greeting, query about his son’s behavior, and quick exit, he would be waiting for Steve to clean and lock up his classroom. From there he’d be letting him follow him back to the Stark tower so he could park his motorcycle in Tony’s personal garage.
“Just the word on the street, Stark,” Bucky shrugged, using the shoulder that wasn’t currently being dug around in.
“I’m sorry. How about I pick you up from school this week to make up for it, huh? How does that sound?” he asked, tugging his son closer in for a hug.
“He’s Peter’s art teacher, and he practically begged me to let Steve watch him.”
“She’s a 1936 Ariel Red Hunter,” Steve explained, hands shoved into the pockets of his coat. “I try to keep her in good enough shape that I don’t need a maintenance man, but if something happens, I usually go to my friend Bucky for help. He’s a part-time mechanic.”
“Barnes? Well I’ll be damned,” the genius mumbled, expanding the consent form and scrolling through the rest of the files they had on him in the Stark Industries database.
Peter would be hungry when he woke up, and a home cooked meal would do him some good. Not that it took a certified genius to boil pasta and toss jarred sauce and frozen meatballs into a pot, but for all that Tony could build a machine in the dark with both hands tied behind his back, the man knew fuck all about cooking.
“I hardly think that’s appropriate, Mr-”
This would be such an easy thing to sweep under the rug, to never discuss with the teacher. The last thing Tony wanted to do was have Steve quit on him and have Peter miserable over business trips all over again. The last month had been almost a complete 180 from the cranky boy throwing tantrums in the parking lot of the aftercare building, it would be a major setback to get rid of the blonde now.
Steve tripped over a bucket of paint brushes, sending them sprawling across the linoleum. His eyebrows shot into his hairline and he stared at the man in front of him incredulously. “I beg your pardon?”
“You’re not wrong.”
“Fine by me,” Steve mumbled, walking past Nat to sit on the bench. “I guess you know what I wanna talk about?”
“No, no. You’re not allowed to pull the ‘aw shucks’ routine on me, Cupid,” Tony chuckled, pulling his tools from the metal arm and wiping them off with a nearby rag. “I’ve seen that nasty, mushy, lovesick-fool look in your eyes when you talk about Sam. Names are irrelevant, you become a regular ol’ softy when it comes to him.”
“Do you know Barnes?”
The puppy dog eyes had been in full force. It was gut wrenching.
Busting through the doors to the Rec Center and up to the front desk, he ignored the looks of shock coming from the people behind it.
“Wow! Mr. Steve are you in a gang???” He yelled out, attracting the attention of half the parking lot and making the veteran laugh.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m so darn hungry I think I might just eat both of these plates!” he sighed, setting the smaller plate in front of the chair beside the one he just sank into.
“Well what?”
“In your dreams, Stark,” Bucky snickered, walking backwards so he can flip the genius off with said arm as he walks backwards to the door. “Until next month?”
“Nothing! I swear,” Bucky sighs, letting his hand slip off his face and fall back into his lap. He looked much more tired than he had a second ago. “The guy rarely meets anyone knew, let alone someone he clicks with, like you. I’d be annoyed with how much he talks about you if he didn’t deserve something good after the shit he’s been through. That we’ve been through.”
“Spit it out, Tones!”
“Oh, really? Just a couple of months and you’re already a regular Miss Honey?”
"Peter Parker, where can I find him?" Tony was nearly out of breath, tapping his finger on the counter frantically.
“It’s sort of like finger paints, except these you have to make the paint yourself,” Steve picked up a brush and dunked it into the water. “What color did you want to use first?” The blonde man asked, offering the wet brush to Peter.
With that, Steve entered the elevator and was presumably heading down to the private parking garage beneath the building. Tony would have probably fell to the ground if there hadn’t been a single remaining stool at the kitchen island for him to collapse into. He grasped at the shirt covering his chest like it was suddenly choking him, his breath speeding up as he hunched over the granite countertop.
Natasha seemed to consider this, glaring at the still surface of the half-frozen body of water in front of her to the blonde man beside her.
Peter immediately scooped up his papers and bolted back to his father. He lifted up a piece done in watercolor. There was a streak of blue at the top and green at the bottom to set the scene, and in the middle was five figures and a big, orange scribble next to them. Tony crouched down next to his son to take a closer look at the painting.
“I’m not asking you to spill all your secrets. Just an idea as to why you’d be working for Stark under a fake name and identity would suffice,” Steve wasn’t above begging to get the information he wanted, he was all too ready to give the woman puppy dog eyes and flutter his lashes at her until she either laughed him off or told him what he wanted to hear.
“I’ll show you silly,” Tony muttered as he unlocked the car doors and reached to take his son out of Steve’s arms. The six year old gave a small wave goodbye to his teacher as he was put into his carseat.
"I said snooze, J!!!" The genius grumbled, grabbing onto another pillow to slam over his head.
The two of them had a monthly check-in, this being their seventh one so far. This one was about three minutes in and already going astonishingly well, seeing as these appointments haven't always gone so smoothly. Back when they first started, Bucky rarely talked unless it was to answer yes or no questions. Whether it was because he was uncomfortable with the billionaire himself or uncomfortable with what he was doing to his arm, Tony hadn’t a clue what made the man so withdrawn. Well, that’s not true, Tony figured it was probably a mix of both that made Barnes hostile towards him.
“Stoppit! No!” He squealed, managing to slip past Tony and slide over the edge of the bed opposite to him. “Oh, wait! Mr. Steve made one more thing, lemme go get it! Stay right there.” and then Peter was off like a rocket, thumping down the hallway towards whatever the amazing Mr. Rogers had created this time.
He shrugged as he stood back up. “I’m not sure, maybe it’s magic?” Steve held back another laugh as the kid wrinkled his nose up at that answer.
He owned one of the largest, most successful companies worldwide and his last name was practically household. On top of his booming business, he was a certified know-it-all. Smart, wealthy, and had ladies practically knocking down the doors to the Stark Tower just to get a chance to speak with him, he truly had it all.
“Aww, you big softie!” He laughed, pulling her in for a quick hug. It took about three seconds for her to start slipping out of his grasp.
Steve rolled his eyes, placing the menu to the side. “We’re getting off topic. I’m just saying, it was an inopportune time to let this guy get his just desserts. If he ever shows his face again I’m really going to give it to him.”
Besides, Steve was perfectly happy with the way he lived. He did his odd jobs in the morning and in the afternoon he uses his half finished art degree to teach a couple art classes at the Rec Center.
Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Peter bolting across the parking lot to his motorcycle. His father called after him, reprimanding him for running out in the street like that, but the boy was already too busy fawning over his teacher’s bike to care.
An odd look flashed across Tony’s face but it was gone so quickly that the teacher was nearly convinced he imagined it. If he hadn’t spent years in the military having to use his sharp senses to make his way through enemy territory, then he probably would have never noticed.
“Everything will be just fine, Mr. Stark. You don’t have to stress about anything,” Steve tried to reassure the man who just scoffed in return.
“You’d probably be really bored, maybe you’d go crazy?” the first grader shrugged.
“Peter invited me to dinner with him and his father Friday night.”
“He works at Stark Industries and he helps make all the cool science tech stuff that helps out the whole world, he’s the coolest!” Peter threw his hands up to emphasize just how incredible he found his father. “Sometimes, if I’m good, he lets me into the labs to help out on weekends. He calls me his tiny intern, which I think means like a super special work buddy.”
“You’re truly a card, Barnes,” Tony muttered, still refusing to look up from where he was busy at work, much to Bucky’s dismay.
Peter sat at the table he settled into when he first came in, chin resting on top of his arms as he glared daggers into the wall across from him. It usually took the boy a little while to warm up and talk, but this was something entirely different. Something the teacher hadn’t seen before. He looked downright grumpy.
“Mr. Stark, I…” As Tony looked up at Steve, the teacher could see the dark circles under his eyes. Which, altogether, wasn’t all that surprising. He was a genuine billionaire businessman, after all. But paired with the tense way his shoulders were bunched up and the fact he wasn’t bothering with the effort of putting on a knowing smirk like he did for the press, it made him look worn down. Almost like a kicked puppy or something equally as pathetic.
A resigned sigh crackled through the speakers. “What do you want?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Capiche,” Peter giggled, wiping his nose on his dad’s shoulder before sprinting away.
this chapter and the next are kind of like transition chapters into the long awaited ROMANCE~~~
Bucky pointed a metallic finger over at Steve, squinting over at him accusingly, "The man randomly chose me, of all people, to outfit with prototype Stark prosthetics. Sue me for keeping tabs on the guy."
“I’ve had it for years and it hasn’t stopped working yet,” Steve countered, feeling just a bit defensive over his lack of knowledge relating to anything technical while in front of a certified genius.
“That sounds good, man, but I’ve got a morning group at the VA in like fifteen minutes,” Sam explained, sounding distracted as he continued getting ready for his job. “Maybe we can meet up later this week?”
(See the end of the chapter for
"I mean, it could be worse," Bucky, Steve's childhood friend, muttered as he looked over the menu in front of him.
“Yes, Peter. I’ll be your babysitter if you really want me to,” There was instantly loud cheers coming from the boy as he hopped up onto his seat and threw his arms up in success.
“Purely circumstantial. Maybe I just pay more attention to you when you tell me about your friends,” Tony glanced up at where the mechanic was looking down at him with an amused smirk on his face.
“It’s ‘by the time you get married,’ bubba,” Tony couldn’t help but chuckle. Peter was saying the exact same thing he did whenever the kid fell over and got hurt. “But I appreciate it.”
“Yeah, sorry! Just doing some spring cleaning in advance,” the veteran sighed, rubbing the back of his head as he shuffled his way through the maze of stacked tupperware bins and dusty old boxes to where Tony now stood in the doorway of the closet. “What can I do for you two?”
“I’m sorry about the mess. I figured you would have texted me when you left so we would have time to tidy up before you got back,” Steve was laughing nervously, nearly tripping over the chair directly behind him.
“Maybe I’m just a really good actor.”
“Can you carry his bag for me? Thanks,” Tony was already outside the classroom before the teacher could respond.
“What look? I don’t have a look.”
Steve sighed, figuring he might as well just say it before they beat it out of him. “I may have gotten myself in over my head this time.”
“Low blow, punk. Low blow,” the brunette shook his head, giving Steve an unamused look.
The boy seemed to deflate the slightest bit. “Daddy’s on a business trip right now, so unca Happy has-ta pick me up again.” It was quiet for half a moment before Peter perked up again, almost like he was trying to shake his disappointment off of him. “But when Happy watches me for the night we get to order in pizza and I can stay up late!”
Peter dragged his brush against the top edge of the page and gasped as the paint on the brush turned it blue. “Wooooah, it worked! How does it do that, Mr. Steve?”
“You can’t. You can’t say no to the eyes. Not unless you don’t have a soul,” Tony leaned back in his seat, sitting triumphantly like he’d already won.
“You’re silly, daddy,” Peter giggled, before sticking his face into Steve’s shoulder to hide from the cool evening breeze that rushed in through the doors to the parking lot.
“That doesn’t make any sense!”
Until Peter started talking.
As the vehicle crawled slowly into the parking garage beneath the tower, Happy made sure to slam on the breaks none too gently as he parked. Tony jolted forward, waking with a start.
“Yeah, Steve. It’s called puppy dog eyes, and every kid has them,” Sam rolled his eyes. “So, Stark asked you to babysit this weekend? What did you think was going to happen? You can’t just offer to babysit then not expect him to not take you up on it.”
“Whaddaya mean?” the six year old just looked plain confused. “Did your dad say you can’t come an’ eat with us tonight?”
“Say it ain’t so!”
“Oh, come on!” Steve groaned, running a hand down his face in exasperation. “He’s a good-looking man. Sue me for checking the guy out, not like he hasn’t done it to me ten times over.”
“Do your tabs happen to be Tiger Beats magazine?”
Tony Stark may be impulsive and brash, but for all he made poor decisions with good intentions to blow up in his face at a later date, he was still too smart to take Steve at face value. Sure, the guy was sweet and polite and had an entire army of elementary school art kids nipping at his heels, but there was something more to him.
To top all of that, the Aftercare Explosion of February Tenth had been enough to knock Peter out on the way home while Tony had been trying to explain himself. Explain why sometimes things can’t work out like we want them to and that throwing fits like that wasn’t a way to get through life. Then, halfway through the drive, when he glanced back to see if his son was still listening, he had realized that the boy was out cold. Completely knocked dead, snoring and drooling with his neck at an angle fit for paranormal activity movies.
“Tell me about it.”
While the teacher fiddled with his ear piece, Tony had gone ahead and requested a table for the three of them and the hostess started to lead them to their table.
Pepper headed back towards the elevators, smiling over at the billionaire before the doors shut in front of her, taking her down to the lobby.
“Hmmm, nope! My dad says he has-ta meet Ned’s parents first before we can hang out together, but he’s SO busy doing super important business man stuff that he still hasn’t talked with them yet,” Peter explained, scribbling down the name ‘Spiderman’ in messy handwriting next to his drawing.
Peter sat there, glaring stubbornly at the space in front of him, obviously thinking over his options. It wasn’t long before the boy stuck his nose up in the air, scooted his chair back up to the table, and picked up a marker to resume coloring. His decision had been made.
The boy started to climb his father’s legs, scrambling to get to his lap. He put up a fuss when Tony tried to help him, so all the man could do was sit there and smile as Peter tried to use his dress shirt sleeve and the edge of the counter to try and leverage himself up to where he wanted to be. When he finally succeeded, he grabbed Tony’s face between two tiny hands and tugged him down to press their foreheads together.
Even five years later there were better days than others.
The kid was always unbearably shy at the beginning of class and Steve was almost concerned that he wouldn’t say a word at all the first week. The teacher made it a goal to try and get his new student to talk to him. By his second day in the art room, he had been fully prepared to bring up a long list of art supplies and see what this kid liked to do and if he had any ideas for class. He was going to bring out the big guns.
It had been a jumping spider down in the lab and it had bit him four months ago, Peter had cried until Tony had created an entire story about how it was secretly a special spider and that it would give him super strength and webs.
“He’s been totally fine the entire time you’ve been away,” She glanced from father to son. “Maybe a little upset that you had to go away for the weekend but I assume that’s to be expected seeing as-”
For a brief second, Steve almost missed the emotionally inept Bucky from his childhood. The brute who used to tease him for feeling anything besides hunger or casual indifference.
Tony quickly swiped up the first pair of car keys he came across and hopped the elevator down to the garage. He thanked himself for the high quality elevators that got him from the top floor in the tower to the basement in less than a minute. It took another minute for him to figure out which car he had taken the keys from and by the time he was speeding out of the tower it was nearly six already.
The soldier created a small group of the men he trusted most and they earned the nickname The Howling Commandos as they fought long and hard that year to turn the tide against the Hydra.
“Still?” Bucky leaned back in his chair. “Doesn’t the whole ‘single dad’ thing put stuff into perspective for you? Like, being a parent all by yourself is hard enough on your own, but add in the fact that you’re Tony fuckin’ Stark and own one of the biggest businesses in the world...I’m not saying it excuses his actions, but it makes sense why he can’t pick up little what’s-his-face everyday.”
"Ok! I'm up!" Tony groaned, clambering to his feet and glaring to where the windows stopped their impromptu rave. "Got your message loud and clear, J. Someone better be dying."
“I just hired him to babysit my son,” Tony muttered as he rolled onto his stomach. “There isn’t much about him on the interwebs, so I figured I’d call you up, my dear.”
“I hardly think it counts as teaching,” The blonde shrugged, leaning back into the booth seats. “Most of the time it just feels like glorified babysitting.”
Steve had to bite down on the urge to call out to him or tap on the window and stop him from leaving without talking this through further. Why did he even care? Technically this wasn’t his business. Him and Tony weren’t close, hell they weren’t even friends. So why was there a part of him that hated seeing the genius upset and driving off down the road?
She looked the same as she always did when they met up. Never leaving home without her leather jacket, it had practically become a feature of her person just like her fiery, red hair and guarded green eyes. It’s part of what had been so jarring in seeing her dressed up with a skirt and blouse in Tony’s house.
Luckily, the billionaire was used to causing a scene.
“You dirty fucking rat, you’re totally boning that douche!”
Peter passed out cookies to both the adults, then grabbed one himself. (After contemplating which in the box had the most chocolate chips in it, of course.) The three ate in silence, the youngest amongst them completely oblivious to the tension in the room.
“Yeah, yeah. Go ahead, I’ll be there in a hot minute,” Tony gave a big show of sighing and acting put upon, but as soon as Pepper turned to get the elevator along with Happy and Natasha, he sent a fond smile her way.
“You-I..what? Shut up,” Steve sputtered, releasing the brunette’s arm.
"James Buchanan Barnes, you big gossip!" Steve laughed, raising a skeptical brow at his friend who was suddenly intently surveying the menu yet again. "Do you not have anything better to do than sit around all day and read tabloids?"
“Howling Commandos? Where have I heard that before?” Tony mumbled, gesturing towards the ceiling as a signal for JARVIS to look that up.
This was a good choice, he thought to himself as he parked his bike in the lot of the park between his and Natasha’s apartments. The parking lot was about a ten minute walk to their usual spot in front of a pond at the park’s center, but he had time to wander aimlessly the long way around. A good chance to gather his thoughts, helpful thoughts about what he’d say to Nat. Nothing about this morning. Nothing about the dreams that interrupt his sleep almost every other night.
“And you’re babysitting him this weekend?” Sam muttered, trying to move the conversation off of a certain billionaire’s parenting techniques. It was a rabbit hole they didn’t want to fall down for the fourth time this week. “Since when are you a babysitter for the Stark heir?”
“Bucky’s got a point,” Sam shrugged at the betrayed looking blonde. “He’s all you’ve been talking about for weeks.”
“I mean, yes? I don’t know!” Steve’s face was heating up and he desperately wished he could take back the entire last five minutes of their conversation. This was torture. “I’m sure it hardly constitutes as flirting. Just a couple of comments about how I look and-”
“My daddy says that all magic is, is just science in da-skies,” Peter huffed.
“Happy. Time’s it?” The billionaire mumbled, grabbing his briefcase and shutting the trunk.
“Daddy! You’re so silly, Jarvis isn’t a person. He’s an AI!” Peter giggled from where he was bouncing on the couch, juice box spilling over his fingers and making a mess.
“Doesn’t matter, cause I’ve still got two inches more where it counts,” Bucky muttered, glancing down under the table.
“When you go to his place can you steal something and bring it home for me?” Bucky grinned before doing his own version of puppy dog eyes.
“I don’t have nightmares! Natasha, focus. We’re here because of what I saw at Stark’s place,” Steve was struggling to keep the conversation on topic and also seem like a well-rested, fully functional adult who doesn’t let a couple of bad dreams get him down.
“Would you calm it with the air quotes stuff. It’s super obvious you have a hard-on for Stark,” Bucky rolled his eyes like Steve was somehow being the unreasonable one.
“That sounds made up.”
“I think that sounds exactly like something you’d do, sir,” JARVIS intoned before bringing the elevator up to the penthouse.
“Stark’s the father of one of my students! Not to mention he’s sort of my boss?”
The blonde had been over the moon to finally fight alongside Bucky, but when he got to camp he had realized he might never get the chance. Over half the regiment had been captured by the opposing side, a dangerous organization named Hydra, with no chance of getting them back. Or so Colonel Phillips had stated. It was hard for Rogers to take those odds lying down. So, with the help of Agent Carter, a pompous tech genius he didn’t care much for, and a small plane, he parachuted down onto enemy lines.
In the six and a half years that Tony had been raising Peter, never had he seen a tantrum like that before. At least, never one in public anyways.
“JARVIS, keep an eye on Peter, will you?” the inventor mumbled into his Stark Phone, sliding into the backseat of the car. “Silence all notifications on my phone, but if anything happens to Peter, I want to know about it. Even if you don’t think it's a big deal, like a scraped knee or something. I want to-”
“Can I finish?” his best friend muttered, sounding unamused, but not all that surprised he was interrupted.
Tony carefully tugged the mechanic’s shirt sleeve down over the gnarled mess of scars littering the skin above the robot arm, he was done checking it out anyways. Sometimes it was hard to remember all of the horrors the veteran before him had experienced. The man did a good job of pretending he was ok, of snarking back with Tony and putting on a brave face every time someone moved too fast around him or brought out a new tool or instrument that he didn’t recognize or recognized all too well.
“You know I can’t tell you that, Steve,” Natasha sighed, suddenly seeming more tired than she had a couple of moments ago.
“Please don’t go, daddy.”
Damn him, Bucky could read Steve like a book. One of the downsides to growing up with the guy.
That managed to grab the engineer’s attention. He looked up just as Bucky was reigning in a shit-eating grin.
The puppy eyes were forgotten entirely and the blonde’s irritation was back full-force. “Nothing. I just wanted to let you know that you shut one of Peter’s bag straps in the car door.”
Jeez, he was laying it on thick. But damn if he didn’t feel guilty enough to fold like a deck of cards.
“Eccentric billionaire offers some random unemployed vet if he wants a shiny, new arm free of charge, you do some digging on him, “ Bucky explained. “That’s beside the point. I didn’t read this in trashy gossip mag, I heard all about it from a secret source.”
‘I know you’re off today. It’s time to talk.’
“Oh, I’m sorry, you’re right,” Steve grinned. “I must have gotten confused.”
“I’m not sure what kind of puppy-love stories he tells you at the beauty salon where you two get your hair done at,” Tony drawled, shoving the sleeve of Bucky’s shirt up to get a better look at where the metal was fused to the remaining piece of his shoulder. This was Barnes least favorite part, so he always made sure to distract the man when it came to this part of the exam. “But there couldn’t be less going on between the two of us. Not for lack of trying, though. I mean have you seen the guy? Rivals those gaudy greek statues you find in art museums, it’s criminal.”
“See you tomorrow, Mr. Steve!” Peter called out as they made their way out of the art room.
Peter just stared at his dad, not saying a word or moving a muscle.
The two of them finished their dinners in relative quiet, Peter politely turning down the offer for seconds in favor of saving room for dessert.
Steve didn't understand their friendship, but he was too damn proud of his best friend going out and meeting people again to do anything but laugh and shake his head.
Despite what everyone said otherwise, Steve Rogers was strong and he would fight for his country. He worked hard and got as strong as he could. With a well-timed growth spurt and the support of an incredibly intelligent scientist, Dr. Erskine, he got himself a spot in the army.
Steve grabbed his brown leather jacket off the hook next to the door to his art room and flicked off the lights.
A brief knock on the door frame to the classroom had Steve turning to face Ned’s mother who was here to pick him up. The teacher helped him gather his things and waved goodbye as they walked down the hallway to the doors, Ned excitedly chattering away to his mom about the painting he had made. He had painted a picture of the Death Star lego set he had begging his parents for, for weeks.
After an uncomfortable moment spared for the face of Stark Industries himself to type in the address of the diner into the teacher’s phone, he hopped onto his motorcycle and followed behind Tony’s fancy car that probably cost more than the entirety of Steve’s apartment complex.
It’s not that Natalie had given him any reason to distrust her, in fact it was quite the opposite. From the start, she was all smiles and red curls and glorious takedowns that he’ll never let Happy live down. She was smart, strong, and damn good at her job, but there was something about her that the genius couldn’t quite place.
He glanced down at the paper he had been handed. It was another superhero, this one was red and gold and looked like a robot. ‘Ironman’ was scrawled across the top of the page in what Tony assumed was the blonde’s handwriting. The drawing was annoyingly well done, just like everything else Steve did, but what really caught his eye was the glowing blue circle in the middle of Ironman’s chest that made it suddenly much too hard to breathe in here.
“It’s two in the afternoon. Which gives you the perfect amount of time to eat, shower, and get some rest before Happy goes to pick up Peter from Aftercare around six,” The CEO of Stark Industries herself called out from the nearby elevator.
“Trust me, Rogers. No theater nerd has a body like that, I can tell you right now.”
Dammit, Steve was just as bad as Bucky. This wasn’t any of his business.
“They’re like way too small, Stevie.”
The sound of his kid’s excited chattering fading into the background as Tony glared up at the ceiling, wondering just how in the hell he’s going to ask Mr. Rockin’ Bod Renaissance to dinner with him and six year old son without making it sound like he’s totally hitting on him.
The boy giggled and called his dad silly, but gladly held onto him as they made their way from the parking lot to the front lobby to the diner.
The tentative friendship they’ve formed began when Tony, who rambled enough for the both of them during the check-ups, made a joke that finally pulled a reaction out of Bucky. Not a large one, mind you, but the small scoff and roll of his eyes had felt like full belly laughter from the silent man before him. Now the two of them could banter back and forth, and the engineer was delightfully surprised at how well the mechanic could keep up with him.
Besides, it was good for him to get out of his apartment. The fresh air and sunshine would do him some good.
Clearly, he couldn’t have been more wrong. He just wished he’d have been able to foresee his son throwing a ginormous tantrum in front of the entire Rec Center staff so he could have prevented it, or at least been somewhat ready for it.
He brought his food to the table but before he sat down, he made a show of humming and stroking his chin in thought. Back into the kitchen he went to pull out another, slightly smaller, plate and filled that one with food as well.
The two adults waited for an answer with bated breath.
“He’s bigger than you.”
She gave him a weak smile, “Will that be all Mr. Stark?”
Wednesday hadn’t been a good day for it either.
Steve awoke violently, with the sounds of gunshots in his good ear and the smell of smoke filling his nose. He tore out of the sweaty sheets that were clinging to him like a vice, that were choking him like an enemy he couldn’t find in the dim room he slept in. Nearly, ripping the curtains off of the rod nailed above the window, he managed to brush them aside and tug open the window for some desperately needed fresh air.
“What a coincidence, I have a friend named Nat too!” Steve smiled down at the first grader who was shoving his knees underneath him in an attempt to be eye to eye with his teacher. “She’s also pretty, but don’t tell her I said that ‘cause I’d never hear the end of it.”
“That’s not my decision, buckaroo. Mr. Rogers might has his own things going on,” Tony informed his son while sweeping him off the booth suit and tossing him back down so that he landed on his back with a bounce. “Although I’m sure if we say pretty please and give him puppy dog eyes he won’t be able to resist.” He grinned, looking up to the blonde and fluttering his eyelashes at him.
“But I wanna go to aftercare and draw with Ned and see Mr. Steve,” the boy sighed, wrapping his tiny arms around his father’s neck.
“Yeah, but we got you out of your head, didn’t we?” Bucky grinned slyly, trying to punch out at his best friend despite the fact that the blonde still had a firm grasp on his arm.
“When have I ever been stressed about anything?” The genius was glaring at Steve now, arms folded across his chest as he tapped his foot. He was practically vibrating with how much he was fidgeting. “Certainly not when I had an entire multi-billion dollar company forklifted onto my shoulders at eighteen. Not when my previous business partner tried to murder me in cold blood. And definitely not when I’m ditching my son to take a two day trip to California for a series of boring ass meetings. Who says I’m stressed? I honestly find the claim rather preposterous and I-”
“I thought I was on the A-Team!” Peter yelled, pouting in his father’s direction.
“That’s my stupid dad,” Peter huffed quietly after a moment of uncomfortable silence, his voice taking on that grumpy tone yet again.
“No. I’m not going with you!” He yelled back, jerking his shoulder out of his father’s reach and angrily scribbling onto his paper with a crayon.
Tony, not one to deny his son what he wanted, (especially after business trips) followed the energetic boy towards his bedroom. His eyes couldn’t help but take one final glance at Steve before he was pulled away.
“He’s a good kid,” Tony nodded, unable to help when his eyes shot over to the paper that still lay upside down on Peter’s desk.
Reluctantly, Tony slipped his phone out of his pocket. He angrily jabbed at his contacts list until he was dialing just the man he’d been meaning to talk to. Admittedly, this wasn’t the circumstance he’d want to ask this in, but when has anything ever gone well for him before? The phone rang for thirty seconds before someone finally picked up.
“You are 100% correct, what was I thinking? Of course that’s J, looks just like him. He’ll be so happy to know you were thinking of him,” Tony pointed to the smile drawn on the sun in the corner of the page. “Is this like the sun from the Teletubbies? You put a baby face on your sun, punk?”
“That’s JARVIS, silly!” Peter looked at his father as though he were crazy. “I don’t know what his body looks like, but I’m pretty sure he’s orange.”
“I do not! You’re reading into this too much,” Steve's face went red as he folded his arms and glared down at the table.
Tony had just turned the heat off the stove and pulled plates out of the cabinet when he heard soft footsteps echoing from the hall. A glance behind him gave view to a messy mop of sleep tousled brown hair sneaking past the couch in the living room. Then before he knew it, there was a decidedly less grumpy, but still wary looking, Peter lurking in the corner of the kitchen.
