Daddy makes sure he doesn’t leave his baby hanging. “What is it, love?” he asks, softly, turning from the pan.
Secreted deep below the consciousness of the average Londoner, in the dank bowels of this royal house, Sherlock Holmes sat at a round table with three others. He struck an intense figure, his dark curls and pale, pale skin—his long black coat and severe cheekbones—long limbs coiled and powerful—his light, iridescent eyes flashing in the dark. He never spoke a word. He looked hungry, hollow, muted, formidable. Elegant and ruthless. Today more than ever, the wild in him was heightened. He could go anywhere. He had no limits. He was lost, himself—could no longer become lost. Everywhere was home. Everything belonged to him.
“I love you too, Sherlock,” Daddy says. “I’m sorry I wasn’t here this morning, and I tried really hard to be back before my sweet little bug woke up, but do you want to know where Daddy went?”
“Sherlock,” John said again, but this time it was one of acceptance, of action. Sherlock closed his eyes again. Oh god, what now? What would John do? He couldn’t tell. He’d never been confronted in a situation like this, never been comforted. No one had ever seen him like this. He sobbed even harder.
Despite his sister’s carelessness, he’d been careful to keep his sleeves down at all times until the cut healed over. And now that it had healed, it felt like it had never been there, like all of a sudden, he was living at Harry’s and the time between the army and the present didn’t exist.
“Oh, Sherlock,” he hears John sigh behind him. He hears John set something down on the coffee table. He hears John toe off his shoes. A warm body climbs onto the sofa with him. He feels icky, undeserving. He remembers the scratch on his arm and wraps his arms tightly around himself, trembling.
It somehow always came down to this. John coming home, Sherlock coming home. John would always find Sherlock doing something self-destructive. Sherlock could see the insanity of the repetition and thought—impossibly, crazily—of never cutting again just to spite the routine.
He felt distracted to the point of anger. He buried his face in his hands. Something was wrong. He thought about harming himself. Hitting until he bruised, scratching until he bled.
Daddy starts filling the tub. “Ducks?” he says. He pulls out baby wash and bubbles and a small yellow washcloth.
Sherlock took three deep breaths. “No,” he whispered, very quietly and very selfishly, but it was okay now.
He runs his hands up and down my thighs. I have some self-harm scars on my right thigh. His touch feels soothing. He accepts and acknowledges this part of me.
“Sherlock, can you turn around for me?” John says, carding a hand through Sherlock’s hair, thumb caressing the tip of his ear.
Sherlock wakes up around one in the afternoon. He had went to bed late, staying up to work on an experiment, so he wakes up late.
He was going to disappear tomorrow. Blank slate, move on. Let go. Nothing but achievement, frantic ambition. He went through his mind, mentally cataloguing what he would need to pack.
The next steps were easy. Sherlock stood up. He took controlled steps towards his coat. Swung it over his shoulders. Remembered to collect himself. Yes, he had his wallet and keys.
They stay that way, sitting as close as possible together, Daddy feeding his baby bite by bite. Sherlock likes eating more when Daddy feeds him than when he feeds himself. Food is so overwhelming, but Daddy knows exactly how small his bites need to be…. Soon, Sherlock has eaten two pancakes and is feeling droopy. He nuzzles sleepily into Daddy’s arm.
“Good boy,” John whispers roughly again, thrusting his fingers carefully but firmly into Sherlock’s hole. “So good for me. I love you. I love your little hole. I love being careful with you. I love preparing you for me. I love taking care of you.”
What was it about John? He made him feel—safe. He made him feel close and guided and taken care of. Well, no more of that. No more creature comforts, no more begging for attention. At the end of the day, the only thing that mattered was Sherlock himself. He kept himself right. He helped himself. He decided what was best for himself. No one else.
He padded back out to the living room. Darkness pressed in on him. His arm ached. He could feel the air on his damp wounds. He flexed his fingers. He felt settled in his body, mindful. He wrapped one arm around himself, remembering John’s touch. He wanted John to hold him until he, Sherlock, was sure John would never let go. The thing was, he wasn’t certain if he would ever be sure that John wouldn’t go.
John opens up a medical journal and I look at a cold case file, but I am mentally going over Matilda’s case. Hazily, I think up a plan to sneak out of the house when John is sleeping to investigate Mr. Rabbit’s nighttime adventures.
“All right, John,” Ella said finally, “let’s talk about Sherlock. How did you discover that he self harms? And is it cutting or burning or scratching or anything else?”
But he was guilty. So, so guilty. He didn’t know if it was because—but the more he did to help himself, and the more he did in general, the more the guilt built up.
A warm, rough hand took his own gently. “Hey, sunshine, we don’t want to do that, yeah?” A care-worn voice.
Try as he might, he couldn't form an accurate image of John. What if Mycroft was right and his friend was burning himself out trying to take care of him? That was completely unacceptable. He started rocking, unable to decide what to do.
The appointment at the fertility clinic had been simple. Both John and Mary had accompanied Sherlock and, after filling out what seemed like endless paperwork, the detective had been shown to a private room and given a sterile cup. After a few minutes of manual stimulation, he had deposited his specimen in said cup and left it for the lab technicians to retrieve.
“Just who the hell are you, really, beside Sherlock’s brother?” John asked, thinking his sub had been right to call the man an insufferable twat.
Sherlock sat up abruptly, causing the doctor to stir. He froze and waited for John to settle into a deeper sleep, then climbed out of bed and glided silently into the living room.
Sherlock stepped over to John, trying to loom. “I know you’re an Army doctor and you’ve been invalided home from Afghanistan. You haven't Dommed since you've been back in London. Your psychiatrist thinks it's because you're afraid, that your time in Afghanistan broke you, but it's really because you find most subs boring. That’s enough to be going on with, don’t you think?”
The detective gave her one of his rare, genuine smiles. “Of course he would. He wants you to be happy. And if he doesn’t want you to do it, what was it you told me once? I’ll talk him around.”
Sherlock cracked an eye open, looking at him. He snorted. “I can always buy more.” He should have got more earlier, but he had just wanted to get back to the flat as fast as possible. The way he currently felt, he wouldn’t have a problem going out to procure his next dose. John could have that one.
“That's not too bad. But your demeanour seems to belie that. You’re more tense than a six would indicate.” Doctor Dieter uncrossed his legs. “Take a few moments to simply breathe, then try to tell me why you’re so tense.” He suspected it was John’s presence, but he wanted to hear that from Sherlock himself.
John smiled at the phrasing. “Of course.” He took a step back and began undressing. “I told you, you can have anything.”
The detective noticed John's surprise and looked down and away. "I feel... safer with you nearby. I don't think I could say that of anyone else." Not only that, but he felt safer touching John. If he was that close to him, no one stood a chance of hurting him. It wasn't a healthy reason to want to be so close to him, he knew, and it was getting all muddled up with the other feelings he had for John, but had tried to shove back into his Mind Palace when he decided to call a halt to the kisses. The problem was, those feelings kept trying to creep back out. How could he know if what he felt was love or desperation? A sick needy dependence?
John nodded, then he removed the cage. One stroke of Sherlock's cock and the sub was fully erect. The Dom laughed, then pushed his boy down on the bed. “Roll onto your stomach,” John ordered. He enjoyed the view as the detective stretched out, putting his arse and back on display.
It is your heart that is your best feature. Do not claim not to possess it, for I see its influence in all that you have done and in all that you do.
Harry Watson: clearly a family member who’s given you his old phone. Not your father, this is a young man’s gadget. Could be a cousin, but you’ve resorted to a matchmaking service. Unlikely you’ve got an extended family to help you find someone, certainly not one you’re close to, so brother it is. Now, Clara. Who’s Clara? Three kisses says it’s a romantic attachment, sub. The expense of the phone says collared, not girlfriend. She must have given it to him recently – this model’s only six months old. The relationship’s in trouble then – six months on he’s just given it away. If she’d left him, he would have kept it. People do – sentiment. But no, he wanted rid of it. He left her. He gave the phone to you: that says he wants you to stay in touch. You’re looking for a romantic relationship, but you’re not going to your brother for introductions: that says you’ve got problems with him. Maybe you liked his sub; maybe you don’t like his drinking.”
Gingerly, John sat down on the edge of Sherlock’s bed. He left plenty of room between himself and Sherlock, not wanting him to feel crowded or cornered in any way. “Do you want to talk about it?”
Sherlock reached for John’s hand and the doctor took it. “That would be… good,” the detective said, “But I don't know if it's possible.”
“Yes. Yes.” Sherlock stood, facing the crime map on the wall, just as relieved by the change in subject. He found he didn’t feel alarmed looking at the case map despite what it represented. He was too buoyed by what had just transpired with John. “It’s a cold case from approximately 25 years ago.” He tapped one of the papers tacked to the wall. “Scott. An eight-year-old boy. He was... sexually assaulted by an unknown individual.” Now some of his anxiety started to creep back in, though he didn’t let it show.
John smiled behind the paper he was reading. Never had his friend's child-like behaviour been so welcome as that petulant cry of boredom. It was another tiny step on a long journey towards normalcy. "Would you like me to call Greg and see if he has any cold cases for you?" the doctor asked, setting his paper aside. "I'm sure he's got some he'd be willing to let you take a look at."
Naturally, Ella had encouraged John to get Sherlock to seek help. He had taken the card of a recommended therapist for his friend, but he knew it was pointless.
The emails Mary and Mycroft had received had originated within a hotel. The former assassin knew she would have to change into normal clothes so she wouldn’t stand out amongst the hotel's patrons. To that end, she went back to 221 and changed clothes. After that, she headed to the hotel.
The more Greg moaned the harder Mycroft thrust. He made sure to strike his pet's prostate on each inward stroke and relished the way the sub clenched around him.
The detective bit his lip as he ducked his head. Finally he gave a small nod, having made up his mind. “Yes, sir.” He stepped forward and pulled his hand out of his pocket, offering the handcuffs he had hidden there to Lestrade. “These are yours. I’m sorry I took them.”
John was angry, so very angry. “What. The. Fuck.” He shoved the door open and stepped forward, forcing Sherlock to stumble back until the backs of his legs hit the bed and he sat on it abruptly. “I leave the flat to get some air and try to calm down and this,” he gestured towards the drug paraphernalia, “is what I come back to?”
Upon entering the living room, he found Mrs. Hudson knitting. From the door, be could hear the shower going. John gave a sigh. “Thank you for looking after him, Mrs. Hudson.”
If you have read this far, then know I will do anything, absolutely anything, if it will save our friendship. There is more that I want to say, but maybe I shouldn't say it right now.
“John wouldn’t... I mean, you know how he... Would he really allow it, do you think?” she finally asked, hopefully. It wasn’t that she thought she had to have John’s permission in everything she did, but this hit to close to old wounds to take lightly.
"Sorry, John. Sorry." He loosened his hold. The idea of John actually enjoying the three of them together made Sherlock's cock get even harder. Suddenly, his concern about the upcoming activities seemed to pale to nothing and he began to look forward to it. "Thank you for telling me that." Sherlock rolled onto his back, willing his erection away. "Stay the night?"
Lestrade kept talking to the younger man, giving him orders and keeping him talking, though Sherlock only responded in broken words. When the ambulance arrived, Greg breathed a sigh of relief.
"Shot in the dark. Good one, though. Power connection: tiny little scuff marks around the edge of it. Every night he goes to plug it in to charge but his hands are shaking. You never see those marks on a sober man’s phone; never see a drunk’s without them.” Sherlock handed the mobile back. “There you go.” He bit his lip, used to the negative reaction he usually got from both subs and Doms alike.
John started to wake Sherlock from his nightmare, but stopped. His friend was clearly distressed, but he wasn’t crying out or thrashing about as much as normal. Maybe he would slip out of the nightmare on his own. He waited a few moments, then his heart skipped a beat when the detective started talking in his sleep.
Come the morning of the doctor's birthday, Sherlock left a note by the coffee maker, then slipped quietly down to C. He stripped, knelt in the centre of what used to be the living room, and waited. He knew he made a pretty picture where he was knelt and knew John would appreciate it.
“Yes, I do.” Sherlock was too engrossed in the case to complain about Mycroft's obviously continued surveillance of the flat.
“No,” Mycroft growled. “Keep your hands where they are.” He redoubled his efforts, driving himself dangerously close to orgasm. He had to still himself for a few moments and will himself back from the brink. “When you are filled with my come, I'm going to plug you back up; then we're going to move to the playroom for round two.”
Mycroft’s phone rang. His eyebrows climbed quickly towards his receding hairline upon seeing who was calling. It must be a matter of some urgency as Sherlock much preferred to text. “Hello, brother-mine. To what do I owe the pleasure?”
John leaned back in his chair and watched Sherlock, his hands resting on the arms of the chair. After a few minutes, he spoke. “You are brilliant. Amazing. I love to watch you work.”
The detective sat on the end of the sofa with his arms wrapped around his legs, his knees pulled up against his chest. It wasn’t his usual pose for entering his Mind Palace, but it felt safer, somehow.
Well, we've reached the end. I hope it's not too abrupt, but it's where my muse led me. In truth, this fic is the type that could go on forever, but it's time for me to tell it goodbye. I hope you have enjoyed it.
“It turned out beneficial for all involved.” The Dom kissed Greg thoroughly, not stopping until they both had to come up for air.
When the doctor withdrew his fingers, Sherlock moaned his displeasure. His moans soon changed in tone when John thrust his cock in in one smooth, quick thrust. It felt good. It filled him in the most delightful way. Each thrust rocked his body roughly. He felt wonderfully used.
“Of course not,” John said, kissing her on her cheek. He grabbed his coat and rushed out the door, the detective having already disappeared.
Sherlock mouthed at his Dom’s zip, feeling just as aroused as John. “I’m sorry, sir,” he mumbled, pulling away briefly.
Mycroft was waiting on her when the former assassin emerged. Dressed all in black, she was stuffing the SIG down the back of her trousers. Mary ran her hand over her belly, grateful that she could still fit in the clothes.
John Watson was stood in the middle of the room in a military stance. Sherlock smiled to himself. It would be all too easy to put this Dom off. “Afghanistan or Iraq?” he asked in a brusque tone.
"Stay right there. I'll make us some. I'll even open that pack of chocolate hobnobs for you. You can have as many as you want and I won't say a word." The doctor gave Sherlock's knee an absent pat then got up and went into the kitchen.
Turning his head to look at his friend, John asked, "Sorry for what?" He looked around the flat, puzzled. Everything seemed to be intact. "The kitchen's not on fire or anything, so I don't see what you need to be sorry for." He punctuated his statement with a smile, though he was still worried. What could Sherlock be going on about?
John pulled the other chair close to the sub's so that their knees were almost touching. “Have you filled out any of the contract yet?” he asked, curious.
“Right.” Sherlock concentrated until his hand steadied. He used the lock pick and got to work. After a few moments, he was surprised by the click of the lock. Sherlock gasped in surprise. He hadn't expected it to work. “It worked,” he said with a tremble in his voice.
Sherlock pulled her to his chest and held her, her back to him. “We’re going to help you relax,” he said into her ear.
Sherlock wanted to flee his Mind Palace, but he was locked in place by an overwhelming horror. When a hand touched his shoulder, he whipped around and cringed back.
“You think so?” Sherlock asked, taken off guard. He'd never had anyone react that way to his deductions, especially not a Dom. Despite himself, he found he was curious about the Army doctor, but no, he needed his independence, not to be collared by some Dom. He prepared to lash out verbally when his mobile rang.
It was hard and brutal, the pace John set. If the sub hadn’t been bound in place, he would have had to scramble for purchase on the table. As it was, he cried out in pleasure behind the gag. He would have been grateful for the gag if he had been capable of thought. It kept him from biting his lip whilst unsuccessfully trying to keep quiet.
"Stop, you git," the doctor growled. "You've done enough running off in the past. I'm not about to have you start again now."
John and Mary exchanged glances. It was the doctor who spoke up. "Sherlock how can you say any of that? Yes, some people find you off putting, but they don't know the real you. They don't know the you that has the biggest heart of anyone we know. You have become a perfect father. You love little Rosie more than anything in the world. You love us. You are wonderful, beautiful, gorgeous and brilliant."
Sherlock looked deep into her eyes and saw a reflection of some of the restlessness he so often felt. “I could talk to John. My brother could use you on his team. Of course, leg work would be out of the question for now. John would never forgive me if I suggested it.”
The sight that met John's eyes caused his breath to catch. The detective was knelt in the middle of a small dungeon. There were various implements hanging on the walls and a table covered with toys.
The detective sat up and blinked a few times. With a chuckle, John threw some cash towards the cabbie, then took his sub's hand and led him from the car. He fetched Sherlock’s keys from the right pocket of the Belstaff and used them to unlock the door, then he guided his boy upstairs after locking the door behind them.
“Sherlock, we can't do this. Not in your condition. We haven't talked.” It had cost John quite a bit to stop the sub. He wanted to take him to bed and take him apart piece by piece. He wanted to punish him, too, for his reckless actions. God, he wanted Sherlock so much.
“Your report on Sherlock and John from earlier today. It looks like I won't have to worry about my brother.” The Dom nipped at Greg's earlobe. “That means I can concentrate more time on you, pet.”
Before the boys got home, Rosie woke and made herself heard over the baby monitor. Mary went to get her and brought her back into the living room. Rosie wanted down immediately and went to her toys. Mary watched her with a smile on her face, then she got down on the floor and played with her.
The sub groaned at the prospect of having his cock locked up. He was sure that John’s plans for the evening would be very provocative and he would be driven mad by not getting to come. Of course, that was the point.
Eventually, the detective quieted and a few moments later, he sat back up, leaning heavily against the headboard. His face was pale and splotchy from where he had been crying. “I'll be alright now. You don’t have to watch over me,” he said, his voice roughened from his tears. He would be, for a given value of alright. He wouldn’t get anymore sleep tonight and he doubted he’d be able to vanish the vision of the ginger haired man entirely, but John didn’t seem to be planning on leaving permanently, so he would survive. That’s what it was about at this point, wasn’t it? Survival.
Sherlock reached out and grabbed John by the wrist. “Stay.” It wasn’t logical, he knew that. He could barely stand to be touched if he didn’t know it was coming, but the thought of sleeping alone suddenly terrified him.
Sherlock knew exactly what effect he was having on his Dom. He grinned at him. “Are you sure, sir? I could take care of that problem you have.”
“I'll let Sherlock explain that to you.” The doctor shifted his gaze to his sub. “You might as well get on with it.”
Sherlock didn’t know what John had told Mrs Hudson to get her to sit with him. Obviously, she knew something was wrong, but he didn’t know the details. He was fairly certain she didn’t think drugs were involved because she didn’t have that particularly worried look she’d had about her when he used to get high. Whatever the doctor had said, it didn’t matter anyway. Sherlock had more important things to do than listen to her gossip so he didn’t pay her any attention.
“I don’t think so. Practically the next moment, your brother threw himself down in a chair in a sulk. You know how he does. Not only did John look at him with disapproval, but... it was clear from the way Sherlock winced that he’d had a spanking at the very least at some point.”
Greg jerked his head towards the hallway. Mycroft took the hint. “We will take our leave of you now. Get some rest, the both of you.” Together, the government official and his sub left them to themselves.
From his position on the sofa, he could see the box of cold case files. Even they didn't appeal. What was the point? The cold cases had gone unsolved until now. A bit longer wouldn't matter.
The former assassin smiled at him. “It doesn’t feel like anything, right now, except for an unhappy stomach in the mornings. It’s far to early for me to be feeling any different.”
Sherlock let out a piteous moan. “But, sir...” He had been good. He hadn’t called a single officer an idiot and he had been polite, well, his version of polite, to Lestrade. It wasn’t fair. The sub crossed his arms and his bottom lip popped out.
Beside him, John rested his head against the seat. He just hoped Sherlock would keep his promise. If he didn't, the doctor didn’t know what he would do. The strain of dealing with his friend’s anxiety and depression was getting to John. He was starting to feel like he, too, was coming apart at the seams. Not to mention he missed the kisses they had shared before the setback. He felt guilty for that, but he missed the extra closeness. Sherlock let him hold his hand on occasion, but that was it. What John really wanted to do was hold him forever, protect him and never let him go. He dry washed his face and told himself to get over it, but it wasn't easy. His nerves were wearing thin.
Mary crumpled the letter in her fist and shoved it in her pocket. Pulling out her mobile, she dialled Mycroft. The moment he answered, she said, “They weren’t there. Where can we meet?”
“Can you tell me what you were doing?” John whispered into Sherlock’s hair, rocking them gently. “What made you do it?”
Then it all happened very quickly, Sherlock thought: war-roughened hands, surgeon’s hands plucked the bloody blade from him, brushed it onto the floor along with the other blades Sherlock had handy, in case he needed a fresh one. Then those same hands reached for Sherlock himself.
The new fixation allowed him to breathe easier, still through his nose. He lay back on the bed and reached out to turn the lamp on. The interaction with Lestrade today had left him feeling inexplicably guilty. It was as though the more he did, the more he stood up for himself, the more the bad feelings built up.
“Please just let me take care of your wounds,” John said evenly, so evenly Sherlock felt his heart wrench. He felt his body begin to relax. Finally, finally he had began to accept and feel relieved that John wasn’t going to—to—
He realized now, shaking his arm to unstick his sleeve from his wound, he’d never been hurt before. People around him got hurt and he watched them and cared for them. He was whatever they needed.
It was rational to kill himself. There was no hope. Though the chances that Lestrade would take him back were very high, the chance that he would ever maintain a connection or be close to someone was nil. That was the true source of his pain, the precise stab in his back. He would never have a friend, or an acquaintance, or anyone that would stick up for him. He should have known better than to try.
His stomach ached but he forced himself to eat it all. He sat there, stomach aching with fullness and picked his forming scabs off. It took force. There was blood under his nails. He stared at the peeling walls. He was safe. He stayed there till he didn’t remember anything, didn’t think or feel, wasn’t anywhere in particular.
John was so gentle. Sherlock wrapped his arms around himself and shook. He didn’t know what to do with gentle people. He was sure he’d damage them, the way he’d damaged Mummy—that was why she’d been so mean to him….
“Why have you moved my microscope?” Sherlock asked without moving from the kitchen’s perimeter. He flipped through the monograph. “I have an experiment waiting.”
“Yes,” Sherlock huffed. “Plus the butter and the honey you slathered all over them! Those pancakes must have been a thousand calories!”
I come across people like her and like my father in my Work. We are all just variations on a theme. Not unique or original. There’s nothing new under the sun. Nothing at all.
I keep a spoon in my coat sometimes. I have it handy now. I dive into the ice cream. It’s not the same as full fat ice cream. It’s still good though. I hunch over, snug in my coat, and get to work.
He had tried, though, for Harry, hadn’t he? Or was that more of the same? He let her call him when she was drunk and he let her blame him for her problems, and when she was sober, he let her blow off some steam so she wouldn’t feel the bottle’s calling so strongly. Maybe that wasn’t helping. Maybe Harry just called him because he was the only one she had left—her friends had been Clara’s friends, and who was going to side with the drunk when they split?
John kneeled on the floor at the side of the bed between Sherlock’s legs and reached out carefully, lifting Sherlock’s sleeve. He was laid bare to John—all fifteen new cuts and a lifetime of scars, no matter how light—but he didn’t feel any different. He didn’t feel vulnerable. He just felt nothing. It felt great.
While Daddy cooks, Sherlock shyly tells him stories about Bee, like where he came from and stuff he likes. And Daddy lets him talk for the most part, but Sherlock knows Daddy is listening to every word he says, because sometimes Daddy asks questions like, “What is Bee’s favorite flower?”
“Any reason why Mycroft might be taking you off cases?” Lestrade says; as always, he is sharp when it is inconvenient for me.
I brush my teeth. I try not to look in the mirror, because I am afraid I will see my distended stomach and chubby cheeks. Tomorrow I will be a few pounds heavier. So tomorrow I won’t eat.
John looked down at his love, who was looking very shy. “Of course, I’ll come!” he said. “I’ll hold your hand through the whole thing.”
On the street, back in society. No one noticed. The two men he had beaten did not come after him. He was free. Flight is nothing but the ease of control.
I love the soft lamplight of our home. But today I feel too big for it. Too clumsy and angry and confused.
Finally, he was ready. He started out gently, grazing the blade over the skin near the crook of his arm. At first it didn’t seem like he’d broken the skin, but then tiny droplets of blood sprung up barely staining his skin pink. Now more. Again. Deeper. He placed his blade carefully on the next clean patch of skin. Cutting was like playing his violin. It took control. Each of his fingers on his blade—the way he balanced the bow in his hand—influenced the cut that was made. The depth, the length, whether it slid through skin or merely scraped it off. He closed his eyes, moved his left hand, feeling the blade slide through his skin, feeling his heart stop, feeling the adrenaline course through his veins. He was alive. He could breathe. He was calm, his mind centered impossibly on one thing only—the small point of contact where the blade met his body. The clarity proved his mind’s ability, focused him after all the murk, the drifting.
The door swings open some time later. Out of long time habit, he flinches, but reassuring footsteps present themselves.
He takes little gasps of air, sobs silently. Please, please, please, he silently begs. He doesn’t know what to do. He’s really scared.
He didn’t know what to do or how to help and that was unusual. He thought this was suddenly all too complicated. Shadows were getting longer but the sun was still as sharp. It was giving him a migraine. He shuffled his feet on the gravel, stared blankly at the bare stage.
What scared him was that this was obviously not the first time Sherlock had hurt himself. Last night he had seen so many scars—old scars, new scars—he was a bloody doctor; he knew the way scars worked. Rows upon rows of scars.
Immediately, Sherlock stops fussing over his new toy and clutches it to his chest tightly. He gazes at his Daddy, who smiles.
Wild? Untamed? Dark? He wondered if they saw his affinity to the criminals he chased, and enjoyed fighting.
“Yeah, yeah, yeah,” Daddy whispers roughly, letting him stay like that, impaled on Daddy’s lap. “Good boy.” He kisses Sherlock’s neck, then lift’s his head up gently from his shoulder and kisses his boy’s sweaty forehead. “Want to show off for Daddy?”
“Daddy knows what to do, though… Daddy will stitch up his sweet baby boy and put a Band-Aid on it! And my good boy will be sweet and good as new.”
But John was an army doctor, right? He killed people. For Sherlock. John was strong. He protected Sherlock. Just like now because he was shaking so John put his arms around him and held on tight.
“I don’t care how smart you were when you were sixteen, Sunshine. You were a kid,” Lestrade said fiercely.
John walked and walked and walked. All the fury had left him the moment Sherlock, like a goddamned child, had asked where John was going. He sank. He walked and walked slowly. He was… tired, and he had to get out of Baker Street. His sleeve chafed and scratched at and irritated the wound he—or rather, Sherlock—had made. He tried not to swing his arm so much, held it in his pocket. He was sad and empty and—had that been domestic violence? Had it been—malevolent?
He didn’t need John. But… he did need recognition to do his work, to stay motivated, to keep from disappearing, so he had agreed to a short print interview in the Guardian.
“N—nothing, Daddy,” Sherlock says, eyes downcast and bottom lip wobbling. “Wrong Daddy. Long time ago.”
“She’s. Overbearing,” Sherlock began. “Um. You know, very… she wasn’t always like this. Early on, she was just as bad as he was.”
Slowly, carefully, Daddy withdraws his fingers. His boy gasps, shaking, clutches him so tight. “Daddy?” he whimpers. “Need you, please Daddy?”
It’s the case of a young girl around 8 years old named Matilda Rabbit, who emailed me about her father. She said that her father has been disappearing at strange times during the night and she only knows this because her family dog, Ezra, has been barking as her father leaves and returns.
But this. This safe holding. Sherlock can’t be alone now. He cries into John’s shoulder. John holds him. He holds him tightly, long enough that Sherlock trusts that, if it were possible, his Daddy would never let go. Long enough that Sherlock trusts that if he falls asleep, his Daddy will stay.
I’m not sentimental, but some things have a way of getting to me. I feel these things in my stomach. A deep feeling of grief stills my stomach. The shame deadens me. And things become too wild for me. I cannot eat, and I also don’t want to eat.
Sherlock made sure his voice was sharp, cutting. John wanted to talk—he might as well get it over with. Might as well try to push it aside. He clenched his stomach muscles, feeling the strength in his body as he sat up straight, waiting for John to speak. He rested his arm on the table. The soreness was a harsh reminder of last night, but it centered him, made him remember to fight.
Sherlock puts his thumb in his mouth. Not to suck. He just likes it there. Comforting. When Daddy is here, he cries a lot. But it feels good, like his hurting heart can let go. Daddy says he’s glad Sherlock cries. Because sometimes little boys need to cry to feel better. “Let it all out. Daddy’s got you.”
Shaking his head, Sherlock pushes away from John and holds his arm out, the one where he hurt himself. “S-s-s-s-sorry. Sorry, sorry.”
In his mind, he began to compile a list of himself. Maybe he would start an anonymous blog. He thought, reaching back into his light mind, about his list….
I almost smile. Beggars can be choosers after all. I take out a twenty-pound note and hand it to her. “Get yourself something you like, Wiggins,” I say.
to eat. It was all John’s or Mrs Hudson’s. He could not make himself something either. The ingredients were not his. Besides, he didn’t deserve to eat. He couldn’t even eat a piece of bread.
“I’m so sorry, my sweet boy,” John says. “I love you very much. I’ll never leave you. I don’t ever want to leave my boy alone, do you hear me? I won’t do it again. Hm?”
“Shh, it’s alright, Sherlock,” John said. It took all his courage, but Sherlock glanced at him anyways. Though was nothing but concern in John’s eyes, he had kept his distance, his hands resting neutrally in his lap. John’s respect only made Sherlock sob harder, curling his body away from John.
Sherlock turned his head away from Lestrade. Suddenly the DI didn’t seem as nice as usual. He’d latched onto Lestrade all those years ago not just because of the cases he offered, but because he’d desperately needed someone to be nice to him. Had clung to the kindness that Lestrade embodied. But this now felt like betrayal. But… what could he expect? The way he kept on… no one, not even John knew of his affection and regard towards the doctor. Shame flooded him.
Sherlock smiled a bit at that, squeezing John’s hand. “It’s at the old house. I can’t believe she’s still living there.”
I wake up hazily. I know almost immediately deep in my body that it is afternoon and John is at work. Before leaving, he had woken me up and kissed me goodbye.
TW: Guys, there is a pretty graphic self-harm scene and domestic disturbance in here. I don't usually like to put trigger warnings in, because I don't like to give the plot away, but I felt like my writing was too instructional this time around and I don't want people to do what I write. I want you to treat yourselves kindly and with patience and compassion.
John half laughed, half looked like he was realizing something, deciding something. “You’d do that?”
There was silence. Damn, Harry had probably passed out again. Well, she’d technically agreed. And thank god. He was starting to think…. He stopped himself. He was family. Of course she'd agreed.
By the way, thank you for all the kudos, comments, subscriptions, and reviews! I was so surprised at the response and at how many people even clicked on this fic. It means a lot to me that something so personal to me would be enjoyed by others.
“Good boy, good boy,” Daddy soothes roughly, his thick huge cock pistoning into him, “it’s all right, my sweet boy, Daddy’s here, Daddy loves you and your filthy little hole and he loves watching your pretty little cock bounce up and down and he loves filling you up, and you take it so well sweetheart, I’m so proud of you, I love you.”
Daddy slides a hand into Sherlock’s and Sherlock toddles after Daddy to the kitchen, his other arm clutching Bee. He sits cross-legged on one of the kitchen chairs, watching Daddy whisk away. He wants to help, but Daddy doesn’t like him near the stove. That’s one of their rules, especially after that one time Sherlock burned his hand….
I slide into bed next to John. He’s sleeping and never heard me come in. Or go out, for that matter. I clasp my hands over my stomach and feel gravity making it concave. It churns, and I take comfort in knowing that it will be flat again in the morning. I’m hungry. I let the hunger sweep over me.
At the title, Sherlock blushes and buries his face in Daddy’s strong chest. “What is it, Daddy?” he asks hopefully.
Daddy goes even harder, fisting his boy’s cock and Sherlock suddenly feels tears at the corners of his eyes and his balls draw up and the pleasure building in his belly. “Da—addy, oh—I’m, I’m gonna—”
Sherlock laughed at John’s back. It was an ugly sound. “Do you really think I would kill you? Do you really think I’m dangerous in that way? That I would kill without an assignment, that I would kill in cold blood?
kay,” Sherlock said. “Text me when forensics or Donovan confirms.” He pulled his leather gloves on and walked away.
I shower. I pack up again. My stomach is growling. I feel every muscle fiber in my body twitching with hunger.
Instead of potatoes, Sherlock had gotten them each a slice of toast. That was fine with John, if that was what Sherlock could manage. Sherlock started to pick at the salmon, watching it flake apart at the tines of his fork. He pushed it away.
He was bleeding. Droplets of blood welled up, flooded each cut, and dribbled down the side of his arm. He pressed a tissue to his forearm, enjoying the way straight crimson lines painted the tissue. Blood was good.
Scratches. Not one, many over time. It’s been in the same pocket as keys and coins. The man sitting next to me wouldn’t treat his one luxury item like this, so it’s had a previous owner. Next bit’s easy. You know it already.
“Shower,” he grumbled and disappeared into the bathroom. With the doors to the small room safely locked, he stripped and stepped into the shower. He turned the water up as hot as he could stand it and stood in the stream, letting it wash the filth away.
Reaching for her phone, the very much former assassin dialled John. When he still didn’t answer, she tried Sherlock. When he too still failed to answer, she swore.
The detective was drawn to him, the euphoria of the moment demanding something more. “Indeed.” He bent down and kissed John passionately without a thought to whom might be watching.
“Why?” Sherlock asked. No matter how many times John said it, he didn’t quite believe it. He needed to hear it again.
The doctor moved to sit by him. He reached out a hand, placing it gently on Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock didn't flinch at his touch. Instead, he leant into it.
As Sherlock roused and it became evident that he was out of danger, the staff moved out of the bay and on to other patients.
“I see.” Undoubtedly Sherlock had said the most hurtful thing imaginable to make John flee. Mycroft wanted to be angry with the doctor, but he couldn’t. He hated his brother’s ability to hurt most the people he... well, the people Sherlock loved. “What are you going to do?”
Sherlock's tears continued to flow. He was being driven mad by pleasure. He felt like he was flying apart, his bonds the only thing keeping him together.
“We are not having sex while we wait to he rescued.” The doctor gave a small gasp when the button on his jeans came unfastened, but he didn’t push Sherlock away.
Sherlock looked glum at the prospect. His shoulders were raised and he crossed his arms over his chest.
Sherlock was hot and tight, far from ready for John's cock. Still, the intrusion of the single digit was delicious. He pushed back as much as he could, which wasn’t far, encouraging him to add another finger. To his delight, he got his wish. Those doctorly digits probed inside him, stroking him and stretching him before lightly stroking over his prostate. It felt good but it wasn’t enough. He whimpered and whined, wanting more. John gave him what he needed, adding a third finger and stroking over his prostate with more pressure.
As Sherlock sat, he took out his phone which had buzzed. It was a message from Lestrade. He started to open it, but the former assassin kicked him under the table.
“I see,” the psychiatrist said quietly. “And is it? Right this moment, can you honestly say your mind is functioning at peak efficiency?”
Sherlock let himself rest there for several long minutes, basking in everything he had stored in his Mind Palace about John. Everything from his smile to the way he pretended to read when Sherlock played the violin. He spent several moments replaying the sweet kisses they had shared before Sherlock had put a stop to them. After an indeterminate amount of time, he knew he had to leave this safe space and return to the real world. He was accomplishing nothing here.
Doctor Dieter sought to engage Sherlock’s intellect once again. “I image you know what serotonin is,” he commented.
John swore as he picked up the box. He should have left it with Greg. Now he was stuck carrying the sensitive information around when he knew Sherlock had to be down that alley. Rushing along, John apologised as he bumped into a young woman, juggled his box, then turned down the alley.
“My fault,” Sherlock insisted, for the first time looking at John. “I can’t forget the things I said. I hurt you. I don’t deserve the comfort of your touch, not after that.” His voice broke and his eyes welled with tears.
“Oh, no. I’m going to fuck you before you get to come.” He used his fingers to demonstrate his intentions.
They had been on the case for the better part of three days. John had watched as his sub had grown more short tempered. It had only been John's pointed look that had curbed Sherlock’s vitriol so far and John knew that wouldn’t keep working forever. That’s why he had come to the Yard prepared. It was a good thing he had.
The doctor approached Sherlock and crouched down in front of him. He took his boy's cock in his hand with a clinical touch and fitted the cage on it, locking it in place. “There, now I don’t have to worry about you getting yourself into more trouble.” John patted his boy's caged cock, then he stood up.
John groaned. “I do.” He shoved Sherlock away playfully. “I have to get going. Until tonight.” With that, he headed for the door, stopping just long enough to grab his coat on the way.
You have placed it in my hands, and I will hold it with utmost care. Never will I let it come to harm. I will protect it with my very life.
Mrs Hudson, who had studiously pretended not to be aware of Sherlock’s actions, rested her knitting on her lap. “Sherlock, dear, where are you going?”
Sherlock knew John had been worried about him ever since their disastrous visit to New Scotland Yard. He couldn't bring himself to care. For the most part, the detective simply felt numb. Though, every now and again, he lashed out with caustic words. When that happened, Sherlock relished it because at least he was feeling something besides the numbness or the self loathing he had felt for so long.
John placed his hand on Sherlock's shoulder. To his surprise, the detective turned to him and rested his head on John's shoulder. Slowly and oh so carefully, he wrapped his arms around Sherlock. They stood there a long time, not talking, just being.
The sub was grateful when John placed the spreader bar between his ankles and extended it so his legs were spread wide. Its presence made the arousal he was feeling spread throughout his body. It grew even stronger when the doctor attached his wrist cuffs to the spreader bar, forcing his arse up in the air.
When nothing was said by either John or Sherlock, the government official stood. He straightened his jacket then started for the door.
In the kitchen, the government official made tea for them and set it on a tray, adding a few of Sherlock's favourite biscuits. He brought the tray back into the living room and set it on the coffee table, then picked up his mug of tea and sat in John's chair. He had hoped for a traditional 'what do you want?' or a nice 'sod off', but neither one had been forthcoming. His brother's silent acceptance of his presence highly disturbed Mycroft.
“Don’t do anything with it. Not for now,” John told him. He felt raw, but he knew Sherlock felt worse. He didn’t know what to do to help. He wasn't sure there was anything he
As John sat there, he vacillated between sorrow for Sherlock and anger at the whole situation. He wanted to do something... hurt someone, but that ship had long sailed, there was no one left to hurt. After some time, he was pulled from his thoughts by a soft snore. Sherlock had somehow managed to fall asleep, a true sign of his exhaustion. Suddenly the doctor wanted to cry. He couldn't believe the trust his friend put in him and he silently vowed that he would do everything in his power to deserve that trust.
“No. Not like this.” He closed his eyes. “Sherlock's been through hell. He has a right to be angry. Not me.”
Sherlock, still staring at it, apologised. “I’m sorry, sir. I should have trusted you. You’re an excellent Dom and know what you’re doing.” He blushed. “We might still be back at the Yard if not for what you did. You calmed my mind, sir. And that proves you’re anything but an idiot,” he said, risking a small smile for John's benefit.
Sherlock was knelt, naked, in front of John who was sat in his favourite chair. John tapped Sherlock’s lips with his index finger and said, “Open.”
With a jerk of his head towards the now shattered bathroom mirror, Sherlock said, "I had an accident." In fact, he had looked in the mirror and, lost somewhere, had seen himself, weak and helpless, useless, pathetic, and couldn't stand the miserable sight so he had punched his reflection without thinking. The pain had brought him back to himself.
I joyfully follow you into madcap nights and unfathomable days as brilliant adventures twine themselves around us.
Obliging him, John kept torturing the pert nub until it grew red and puffy, then he shifted his attention to his boy's other nipple. He was fascinated by the way Sherlock reacted to the pinwheel. He had tried it on himself once and it had bloody hurt, but the sub absolutely loved it. In fact, his boy was already a writhing mess of need from just the pinwheel alone.
“Alright,” Greg said cautiously as he set everything on the table. He looked from John who was sitting to the standing detective. “Then why are you here?”
There was John. Sherlock tried to pull up a recent mental picture in his mind of his... flatmate. That was all they were now, right? After all, he had stopped stealing fleeting kisses from John after the disastrous visit to the Yard. He was too broken for a relationship.
Even as John comforted his friend, he felt as if he was being torn apart on the inside. He wanted to trust Sherlock’s promise, but couldn’t bring himself to do it. He needed to talk to someone desperately because he couldn’t hold everything in much longer, not even to spare Sherlock, but right then, he just had to get them through the night. Thank God he’d be seeing Ella tomorrow.
Lestrade sat next to Sherlock and pulled him into his lap. With one hand, he slapped his friend. It seemed cruel, but if the was sub-Shock like he feared, gentleness would only lead to Sherlock's death. “Sally! Call an ambulance. Tell them we have a sub in sub-Shock.”
The detective started pacing the floor, his emotions in complete chaos. He wanted to hurt something like he had been hurt. He wanted to hurt Bigelow. He
“Right. If you were taking full, deep breaths, it would be your other hand moving. Give it a go. Try to breathe so your left hand moves.”
Mary stopped what she was doing, her heart suddenly in her throat, and faced John. “Oh. John, I am. I’ve got you, Rosie, Sherlock,” she placed her hand on her stomach, “and the tiny one. I couldn’t be happier.”
Sherlock nodded. He liked having something practical in his repertoire to use. It felt… comfortable. “Alright.”
Ella had also given him information about a couples' support group for couples dealing with the aftermath of rape. Though John and Sherlock weren't officially a couple, she thought the group meetings might be beneficial even if only John attended. The group was completely anonymous and nothing was discussed outside the group.
True to his word, when they were taken to a bay in A&E, Greg saw John waiting. He was sat in a wheel chair, looking pale and worried.
John barked a brittle laugh and covered his face with his hands. “He was having a bad night and said some things.” The doctor swallowed hard remembering Sherlock’s accusatory words. He dropped his hands. “I... I reacted badly and had to get out. I never should have left him alone.”
“I meant it.” Sherlock crouched down in front of John, ignoring the twinge in his leg. He reached out for John’s hand and took it. “I’ll do better.” He looked at where their fingers intertwined. “I promise.”
Unfortunately, there hadn’t even been a chase. The only thing that had made it worthwhile had been working with Mary and John. That much had been fun. Mary's wit added to the chemistry that was Sherlock and John.
John appreciated that his friend was trying to help someone, but he felt more than uncomfortable with the situation. He sat down in his chair, saying “It still seems ill-timed to be looking into this right now.” At the glare he got from Sherlock, he held his hands up in mock defence. “Sorry. I worry. I can’t just turn it off. But I can see how important this is to you. Just tell me what I can do.”
“Piss off’!” Sherlock said, smiling, before he turned to look out the window. He felt himself trying to get hard and he had to get that reaction under control before they reached their destination.
Going into his bedroom, he pulled a small wooden box from the bottom of the cupboard and opened it. In short order, he had injected himself and set the drug paraphernalia aside.
“I'm bored,” came the inevitable complaint. “We’ve been lying here absolutely forever.” Sherlock shifted yet again, trying to roll John off of him.
“Of course I do. It's a neurotransmitter that carries signals between neurons.” Sherlock still had his arms crossed defensively.
Sherlock looked at him, perplexed. “John, you are good enough. You push me when I need it. You back off when I don’t. You do... You are... everything.” Feeling brave, as he hadn't in weeks, the detective bent and placed a kiss on John's head. It caught the doctor by surprise.
Williams shook the government official's hand. “I had motivation. I hope you catch whoever wants me dead soon.” He looked down at the red stain on his shirt. It clearly disconcerted him.
The detective's thoughts were clear on his face. His brow was wrinkled in thought and his eyes had taken on a troubled look. It was clear he knew Lestrade would be more than happy to bring the files to the Baker Street flat, but it was also clear that the thought was unacceptable. Sherlock sat up, facing the doctor. "We could go to the Yard," he said quietly, "to pick them up."
After another long silence, Mycroft asked, “What caused it? If you don’t mind telling me. I should like to know.”
Sherlock juddered at each stroke of John's fingers over his prostate. He was so close to coming. Resisting it brought tears to his eyes. When his Dom added a third finger, he cried out, “Please, sir!”
It didn’t take the detective long to find a route free of CCTVs. He flinched every time he saw anyone that vaguely resembled his rapist, but he was determined to continue.
The detective had used the magic word, clever. That meant he was hooked. Well, if Mary and Sherlock were excited, who was John to argue? The game was on.
Mary was late. She was five days late to be precise. Her hands shook as she placed the pregnancy test on the counter. She kept telling herself not to get her hopes up. After all, what were the odds she would ‘catch’ on the first go around. Still, she couldn't help be excited.
Sherlock had been pushed towards the head of the bed by John's enthusiasm and he didn’t think he had ever felt so gloriously full before in his life. “Yes, John. Yes!”
Sherlock watched, mesmerised, as John fucked his own hand and came. His Dom was beautiful and captivating, driving him to distraction. It made his own bollocks heavy and they ached with need. He gave a moan and strained towards John who had collapsed on the bed in a post orgasmic haze.
Of course, Sherlock was too engrossed in the case to be bothered. John remedied that by walking up behind him and wrapping his arms around him. “Case?”
John crouched down by him and pulled him into his arms, unable to resist. “That was beautiful, pet. Just beautiful.”
Greg tried not to laugh outright but couldn’t suppress a smile. “Alright. I’ll phone you tomorrow. Go on.” As soon as the door closed behind the couple, he burst out laughing.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes as he observed the doctor. "Don't be ridiculous. What happened has nothing to do with our plans. I'm still bored and we're still going to see Lestrade."
Watching her go, Mycroft continued his conversation with Anthea. He was worried, but that was tempered by having Mary on the job. He only hoped she was still up to the challenge.
John reached between his boy's legs and tugged on his bollocks. He rolled them in his hands and played with them. He kept at it until Sherlock started to press back into him.
Just as Mary was putting her phone away, it rang. Her heart leapt into her throat, but before she could get her hopes up, she saw it was Mycroft.
Sherlock’s mouth fell open, both at the compliment and at the wave of dominance that rolled effortlessly off John. “You think that was brilliant?” he asked, fighting not to add a ‘sir’ to the end of the sentence.
The doctor climbed onto the bed and knelt there, his legs spread wide. “If you hadn't been naughty, you could be up here with me.” He ran a hand over his chest, pinching his nipple. “But, no. You couldn't keep your hands off of yourself, could you?”
The doctor sprawled beneath Sherlock, letting him take the lead, only stopping the detective to get a bottle of lube he had begun keeping in the night stand for masturbatory purposes. He pressed it into Sherlock's hand.
"There's nothing wrong with him, precisely," Mark said as he pulled up said sub's profile. "He's just been... difficult to match." He gave a shrug.
The Dom appreciated the view when he turned around to place coffee on the table alongside the toast. “Lovely.” He sat down at the table and handed Sherlock his coffee. In between sips if his own steamy beverage, he hand-fed his boy bits of toast. The detective accepted each bite with delicate nips. Soon, both the coffee and toast were gone.
Taking his usual place on the sofa, he lifted his feet so John could sit with him. Once the doctor had sat, Sherlock placed his feet in John's lap.
Sherlock stood and made his way to stand by the doctor. He paused,  then placed his hand on John's shoulder. “I'll be alright. I just need to think.
Sherlock had put Rosie to bed, then had escaped the quiet domesticity of 221C to go upstairs and escape into several experiments that he had been planning for quite some time. It was his way of giving them time to discuss his proposal about Mary’s future.
Sherlock let the kiss go on for a bit, enjoying it, then he broke away. The way they were pressed together their erections bumped together. "As much as I'd like to have sex with you right now, I want to wait." He felt himself blush. "Just until after..."
When John came back downstairs he found Sherlock curled up on the sofa, clearly distraught. All thought of the appointment he had just made fled as he approached his friend slowly, trying not to upset him more. "May I sit down?" he asked gently. At the detective's small nod, John sat next to him. In moments, Sherlock had repositioned himself with his head on the doctor's shoulder, his face completely hidden.
"Don't give me that, Mycroft. You know how I got this," he pointed to his bruise, "whilst chasing a criminal. It has nothing to do with me being a sub."
At last free from all restraint, Sherlock let himself come, his body spasming and his entrance clamping down on John's cock. “John!”
The letter was short and to the point. There was a list of additional names, all of which were individuals that she was being directed to kill. Mycroft was to help arrange for each person on the list to be in specified venues where she could pick them off one by one.
Doctor Dieter gave the two men a few moments, then he broke in gently, “That's good. Excellent. Now, Sherlock is there anything else that you want to talk about today? Our time is almost up, but I don’t want you to leave without touching on everything that you want to discuss. Remember, this is your time and your safe space.”
The doctor walked over to his chair and collapsed into it. He sat there for several long minutes before he heard the door downstairs open and shut. The sound was followed by footfalls on the stairs. He wasn’t surprised when Mycroft entered, looking grim.
Please, if there is any hope for us, tell me. I'll be waiting for as long as I need to in order to hear back from you.
Sherlock stuck out his tongue at his brother's retreating back. What did Mycroft know? He was a Dom. He didn't know what life was like for a sub. Sherlock absolutely refused to kneel for anyone.
John toed off his shoes, then stood and made his way to Sherlock’s bedroom. The detective breathed a sigh of relief at not having ruined the plans for the night and followed him. After they each made a detour by the bathroom for their evening ablutions, they climbed into bed, the line of pillows separating the them. The detective snaked his hand beneath the pillows, sought out John's, and grasped it. The doctor smiled up at the ceiling and closed his eyes. It seemed they had come so far. Little did he know what lay in store.
Sherlock struggled to comply, but he lost the battle. It didn’t exactly feel good, whatever was happening to him, but he didn’t have to think in the darkness.
The sub pulled back and looked up at John. “I'm not that compromised… sir.” He used the honorific purposefully to help make his point. “I’ve never wanted a Dom and, as you know, I've never truly sought one, not even at MatchDs. But I want you, sir, if you’ll have me.” He bit his lip waiting for John’s response.
Ella pursed her lips. For her that was a momentous expression. She normally kept her face blank during their sessions. “And do you think that’s what he needs? From what you’ve told me in the past, Sherlock is a fiercely independent individual. Might he not take the constant hovering and watchfulness as a confirmation that’s he’s broken?”
Sherlock stuck his nose in the book and began reading. In no time, he bellowed, “Pointless. This book doesn’t show anything. It has drawings. How pedestrian.”
Sherlock's eyes rolled back into his head and he let out a long, low moan of pleasure. The sound drew the doctor's attention and he walked around the table. Grasping a handful of curls, he pressed his boy's face against its padded surface. “Don’t come. You don’t have my permission.” He waited until he got a sound in affirmation, then he released his grip on the detective’s hair.
Rosie was in Mrs. Hudson's flat happily playing and entertaining the old woman, John had gone in to the clinic, and Sherlock hadn’t so much as stuck his nose into the basement flat all morning. Mary was incredibly bored. She decided to go upstairs and see what the detective was doing.
Sherlock started writhing on the cross, trying to bring his legs together protectively with no success.
Greg accepted the handcuffs with no small amount of surprise. “Ah, thank you.” He gave John a grin. “And thank you, John. If this is a sign of things to come, I’m glad you two got together.”
After their nightly ablutions, they retired to Sherlock’s bedroom, each of them sliding into opposite sides of the bed. The wall of pillows remained in place from the night before. It wasn't long before John was snoring softly, having drifted to sleep.
Sherlock could see that John was still upset, but at least his left hand wasn't clenching anymore. He sat down and took a sip of his tea and a bite of his toast, then he glanced up at the doctor. “I have come to the conclusion that it changes nothing, what happened with Bigelow.” He held out his hand when John started to speak. “That doesn’t mean I won’t speak with Doctor Dieter about it.”
After what seemed like hours but was only a few minutes, her phone buzzed in her pocket. Bringing her gun up, she took aim at Williams who appeared in the courtyard below. When she pulled the trigger, the sharp sound of a gunshot filled the air. Williams fell to the ground, red staining the ground beneath him.
Sherlock cut him off with a flower. “Don’t tell me revenge never solved anything. It it were you, you would feel the same way I do.”
“I get to make the announcement this time,” Mary said, bumping shoulders with Sherlock. She reached into her pocket and pulled out the pregnancy test and placed it in the detective's hands.
John went ahead and poured himself a cup of coffee and drank it. He smiled to himself, wondering what Sherlock was up to. He took his time, savouring the anticipation.
“There's tea in the kitchen. It should still be hot and just the way you like it.” Sherlock unwound himself and set his feet on the floor. He stared at John as if he was the most interesting thing in the world.
“Night.” Sherlock settled down under the covers, looking at John. He felt safer knowing John was there and he closed his eyes, hoping to sleep without dreaming.
Of all the outcomes John had expected, this hadn't been on the list. If he had been in Sherlock's shoes, he would be a blubbering mess, he was sure.
Practically thrumming with excitement the sub asked, “What’s new about this one? You wouldn’t have phoned if there wasn’t something different.”
Knowing what his Dom intended, Sherlock turned a rosy shade of pink all over and his cock stirred in interest. He loved being encased in rope, no matter the occasion. “Thank you, sir. John.”
"Precisely." The corner of the doctor's mouth quirked up. "You're eyeballs deep in sentiment by now. You might as well stop pretending to scorn it." John stole another kiss, this time deepening it.
“Thank you, Greg.” John couldn’t help smile at his sub. He was proud of Sherlock for apologising even if it hadn’t sounded completely sincere and had acted petulant by throwing himself down in the chair. He’d deal with that later after he gave him the appropriate amount of praise.
Sherlock blinked a few times, then recovered. "You want me in the room whilst you and John attempt to... Whilst you both... Whilst you're having sex?" He didn't sound shocked, just confused.
Finally, the Dom decided his boy had been stretched and teased enough. He removed his fingers from Sherlock’s entrance and lubed his cock. Lining himself up, he pushed into the detective's hole, burying himself to the hilt. After he bottomed out, he stilled, trying not to come immediately. When he had control of himself, he started to move.
John wanted to offer to stay the night, but he thought it best to let his friend maintain as much control as possible. “Alright. But call if you need anything.” He gave the bed a pat as he stood to leave the room. In the doorway, the doctor paused. “I know you didn’t mean what you said. Before. I’m sorry I let it get to me.” With a sharp nod, he left the room. He didn’t go upstairs, though. Instead, he took up his prior place of vigil, his chair, now concerned that Sherlock would have another nightmare. He wanted to be nearby if he did.
From beyond the flat doors, there came scuffling noises and a call of ‘William.’ Immediately, Sherlock dashed to the main door and locked it, then locked the door in the kitchen. The sounds continued however.
Despite how rocky the day had been, the evening had been rather pleasant. Sherlock had even found the wherewithal to send an email to Doctor Dieter requesting he familiarize himself with the method of loci if he wasn’t familiar with it already. That was something Sherlock appreciated about Doctor Dieter, he encouraged emails if they were important and truly relevant to his recovery. Sherlock was sure that would change if he abused the privilege and, for once, he was loathe to risk alienating a doctor besides John.
Sherlock decided he didn't like being punished in that fashion one bit. “Sir?” Sherlock asked after several minutes, his voice cracking artfully.
Mary's inner struggle, whether she should tell Mycroft about the email, had been rendered moot by the government official's words.
The sub cried out and tried to wrap his arms around John, forgetting for a moment that his arms were bound. He rocked beneath his Dom as thrust after thrust shifted him upwards on the bed. He heard nonsense words being spoken and realised he was the one speaking them. He felt like he would come apart under John's ministrations. All he could do was wrap one leg around him and hold on.
In a fit of pique, the detective picked up the nearest object which happened to be a mug of cold tea and threw it across the room. The shattering sound was satisfying. He stood up and started throwing everything within reach. Each clatter and crash brought a grim smile to his face and warded off the panic attack that had been impending.
“Stay safe.” Mary just wanted them home so she could take care of them. She wasn’t sure which one would be the worst, John or Sherlock. They were both bad at being invalids.
I lavish your intellect and heart with praises. I worship your body. You open your eyes and look at me with wonder.
My biggest fear is that you have started using again. Tell me you haven't, please. You worked so hard to get clean, I don’t want imagine you throwing that away again.
John's face clouded over as he examined the other scant details. “Are you sure you should take the case, considering?” Even as he asked, he read the description of the assailant and noted that the crime had taken place in Sussex. Scott was a childhood friend of Sherlock, perhaps?
“In prolonged depression, serotonin levels drop. One of the medications I want you to consider is an SSRI,” the psychiatrist told him. “SSRIs work by blocking the reabsorption of serotonin in the brain, making more serotonin available. In effect, it's simply providing you with more of what your brain needs to help you cope with your depression.”
"How am I holding up?" John asked with a bitter laugh. "I'm not the one who was raped, now, am I? I'm sitting back, watching him struggle without a fucking clue what I'm supposed to do to help. So, yeah, I'm fine."
“Mm hm.” John looked at his brat sub with a critical eye. “For your punishment, you are going to finish what you started while I watch.”
Back on the sofa, the detective sat with his knees pulled up to his chest. He was fairly vibrating with a mixture of rage, guilt and fear. He couldn't see a psychiatrist. He simply couldn't. He'd had enough of them as a child, with their prying questions, their medications and their labels. He hadn't needed them then and he didn't need them now.
John took it. “It's still John, please.” He noted that Sherlock had already sat. When the handshake broke, he took a seat by Sherlock and Doctor Dieter sat in a chair across from them.
“Of course not.” The detective stood and shoved his way past John. “I haven’t been and I won’t be until I find out what’s behind that door. I would have got in if it weren’t for you and your oh so touching concern. You hover and you... worry,” Sherlock spat, “but when I try to make real progress, you interfere.”
When he took his hand away, John felt the loss keenly. He wished he could do more to support Sherlock.
Not wanting to return to Baker Street, he sought out refuge in one of his old bolt holes. He had a stash of blankets, so he wrapped up in them, shivering.
The doctor nodded. He waited until Rosie was happily splashing in the water, then cleared his throat. "You know, it's been a year since this beautiful girl was born."
After blinking several times, Sherlock finally came back to himself. He looked from John to Mary with a puzzled frown on his face. "I don't understand why you would want me to be the father of our child. Yes I have a brilliant mind but that's my only personal asset. I'm antisocial, I have the face of a horse and I don't understand social cues. Worst of all, I don't care."
When hey woke up much later, they joined Mary in the kitchen. She gestured them towards the table where their food had already been plated.
“There’s no point in discussing tablets,” Sherlock said, his voice going hard and all his anxiety seeming to vanish. “I won't take them.”
Of the beauty of your mind, you need no convincing. You know it is extraordinary, and I could speak of its intricacies for hours.
“I haven’t taken any cases, sir.” He turned his head, causing John to pull on his hair. “I’ve had plenty of time.”
John ran his fingers from Sherlock’s nape down along his spine, fingernails scraping as they went. When he got to his boy's arse, he spread his cheeks. He blew over his hole and watched the muscles contract. A few moments later, he had inserted a well-lubed finger.
“Now turn around for me, boy, so I can put these cuffs on you.” When Sherlock did as asked, the Dom clicked the cuffs closed around his boy’s wrists. He settled his feet firmly on the floor. “Get over my lap then. You need to learn how naughty it is to pickpocket Lestrade.”
John and Sherlock followed her into the living room and sat down on the sofa with John in the middle. They all three propped their feet up on the coffee table. Mary leaned on John’s left shoulder. Sherlock leaned on John’s right one. The didn’t bother with the telly.
“Impatient git.” The doctor spread Sherlock's arse cheeks, then licked a stripe from his perineum to his entrance.
John chased his orgasm relentlessly. Each thrust into his boy's hot, tight heat shifted him up the bed. The sounds Sherlock made drove him nearly to a frenzy. When he finally came, it was sudden and fierce. He shuddered through it, then collapsed on his boy's back.
Something else that happened over the next few days was Sherlock coming up to John shyly and somewhat skittish. He would stand there for several moments, lean towards him and steal a chaste kiss, then dash away to do something entirely unrelated. Each time it happened, the doctor's heart hammered for several minutes, expecting his friend to go off the rails, but thankfully he never did.
Sherlock thought about it then nodded. Immediately, John added the changes, then he marked his hard and soft limits as well as adding a few creative punishments of his own. When he was done, he handed the contract back to the sub for a final reading.
Even with the pillows dividing the bed, it was against John's better judgment, but he couldn’t say no to Sherlock, not when he used that tone and actually said please. “Alright.” John walked around the bed and climbed in the other side. He rolled onto his side facing Sherlock. “Night, Sherlock.”
"Yeah, that's not what I'm getting at." John glanced at his lover. "It should be safe for Mary to get pregnant again. The cesarean scar should be good and strong. You know, we're not getting any younger, so it seems like we should go ahead and start trying for a brother or sister for Rosie."
Sherlock locked his knees to ensure he remained on his feet. “When I walked in, I said, “Afghanistan or Iraq?” You looked surprised.”
As he let the real world fall away, he found himself in his Mind Palace, the scattered debris of unwanted memories all around him. As he turned to take everything in, something fluttered just at the edge of his vision… something new, no, something old. Try as he might, he couldn’t catch sight of it. He traversed the hallways in his mind, trying to leave the disturbance behind. Finding himself at the door of John’s room, he entered and closed the door behind him. The memories and fluttering shadows were locked safely out and he breathed a sigh of relief as he slid down the door and sat there, shaking.
Afterwards, they tried the kiss again, much more successfully. When John pulled away, he glanced down to see that Sherlock was already half hard for him, which was fine as John was more than half hard for Sherlock. “I was so impressed with you earlier that all I really want to do now is take you apart and fuck you until you scream out my name. That is, if you’re amenable.”
Sherlock hailed a taxi and they both got in. John kept stealing glances at the sub, his curiosity burning. After a few minutes of silence, Sherlock stated, “Okay, you’ve got questions.”
The doctor had to adjust himself in his trousers. He had no idea his sub could be such a tease. He’d remember this show forever... and he’d be teasing him back in his own way soon enough.
Inside his mind palace, Sherlock pushed against the door. It didn’t give even a fraction of an inch. Next, he threw himself bodily against it. “It won't move,” he told John, frustrated.
“The doctor will want to keep you overnight,” John said. At Sherlock's expression, the Dom smiled tiredly. “Don’t worry, they want to keep me for observation too.”
When Sherlock blinked and came back around, he found that John had moved to the sofa with them, on the opposite side from Mary. “Mary is pregnant,” he told his friend.
“Yes, sir.” The detective didn’t need to be told twice. He fell to his hands and knees and made his way to the bedroom. Once there, he knelt up and placed his hands behind his head. He was determined to wait patiently and not get into further trouble.
Mary looked so scared standing there with dishwater still dripping from her hands that John instinctively pulled her in for a hug. “I don’t want you putting yourself in danger.” He tightened his grip on her, holding her fiercely. “The kids need at least one if us to stay safe.” John could feel Mary nodding against his shoulder. “But if this is what you need, then you should do it.”
“I... Thank you, sir.” The detective squirmed on the seat next to John and let his head fall back. It was worth everything he had had to do at the Yard to have his Dom touch him like this.
“Where are we headed,” Greg asked. When the paramedic told him, he breathed easier. They were going to the hospital where John had been taken.
The detective huffed a breath. He hadn't admitted to being depressed, at least not out loud. Still, he knew he was. He glanced at John and saw his hopeful expression. “You said that was one of the meds you want me to take. What else?”
It was just after one such case that things took a decided turn for the better. They entered the living room at 221B, giggling like madmen. Sherlock reached out for Jihn and bestowed a heated kiss on him. It had become such a regular occurrence that the doctor didn’t even hesitate to respond. It was what happened next that had him gasping in response and pulling away. Sherlock had reached down and cupped the doctor's cock through his trousers.
John, sitting in a chair next to Sherlock reached a hand towards him. "Sherlock, it's okay if you're both..."
The doctor bit his lip and nodded. "Alright." He didn't like the idea that Sherlock was agreeing to see a psychiatrist for him, but at this point he'd accept whatever it took to get him to see one. "Ella gave me the names of several. Do you want to pick one or..."
I tumble with you into our bed where we make sweet love that dims the light of our adventures in comparison as our passion brims forth with giddy light.
Mary tittered a laugh. "Oh, I absolutely have no problem whatsoever having sex with someone as gorgeous as you are." She grew serious. "I was teasing, dear. I don't expect it to be anything more than a mechanical act between two very close friends. I absolutely don't mind."
The doctor turned around and headed back to Baker Street. His head felt like it was about to explode and his heart ached, not just for himself, but for Sherlock as well. If only he had grabbed his wallet, he would have taken a cab back to the flat, but as it was, he was forced to walk.
“Good. At least you understand your first mistake. I wonder if you can deduce the second.” John pointed at Sherlock’s arms which were dropping again.
It was Mary's turn to speak. "What idiot told you you have the face of a horse? I thought we had settled this particular insecurity a long time ago. Haven't you ever wondered why people throw themselves at you, both men and women?"
Without another word, the blonde tossed the file to Sherlock. “Take a look. If you’re interested, I’d like to have your help. I’ve been authorised to engage an agent for the legwork.”
“What? Oh, no, no. Please. Get yourselves some coffee and wait in the incident room,” Lestrade requested. “I'll be right there as soon as Mycroft and I finish up.”
Feeling helpless, he sat in his chair, just staring into the middle distance. He kept hoping for his phone to ring, but it stayed stubbornly silent.
Sherlock swallowed hard. He didn't want to take drugs that would alter his brain chemistry. On some level, he knew that was ridiculous. He had done just that every time he had taken a hit. Another glance at John reminded him how much his friend wanted him to do this. “What if I try these meds and find them more troublesome than helpful?”
The detective leapt to his feet. "I don't need a Dom to run my life. I'm perfectly capable of taking care of myself."
“The cross, sir.” Sherlock liked the idea of being spread wide for his Dom's perusal and use. Just the thought made him shudder with arousal and nearly come.
Sherlock wriggled his hand on the doctor's cock. John muttered some choice words and then gave in to it. “Alright.”
They put Sherlock on a stretcher, and then loaded him into the ambulance. Seeing Lestrade's worried expression, one of the paramedics said, “You’re family. Get in.”
Sherlock sat in his chair for once. It was the middle of the night and the lights were off. He had checked the locks on the doors half a dozen times, but he still couldn’t convince his brain that it was safe to sleep. He had spent the last 30 minutes practicing his breathing exercises and he had even tried the muscle relaxation techniques Doctor Dieter had recommended. Nothing was working though.
Sherlock unwound himself and stood. With great determination, he put on his Belstaff and quietly left the flat. He would succeed in his mission where he had failed before.
“Since you’re here, perhaps you could both give your statements.” Lestrade crossed his fingers. It was just so damned hard getting Sherlock in to deal with the paperwork.
The doctor noticed that his boy was sat on his hands and chuckled. He sat up and kissed Sherlock thoroughly, despite morning breath. “You’ve been a good boy. I think there might be a reward in it for you.”
“Never! She loves us all too much. But I’m afraid she won’t be as... happy as she could be. You would give up case work for her, but you would miss it, John.” He let that sink in a few moments before he continued. “With your permission, I’d like to talk to Mycroft about getting her a position. No leg work. Something that would let her use her exceptional mind. Something that she could preferably do from home.”
John walked in, kissed Mary, took the book out of Sherlock’s hand and kissed him. He tossed the book aside. “I’m sure I can get you a medical text about the whole thing, you git.” He ruffled the detective's curls affectionately as he and Mary exchanged knowing looks.
Sherlock’s entire body jolted at the sound of the door slamming. He stood there in the living room for several long minute, completely stunned. When he did finally move, it was to fall into a ball of misery on the floor.
Sherlock set John's last letter aside. After several minutes, he picked up his violin and started playing. He looked out the window as he played, thinking about all that had passed over the last several years. Coming to a decision, he sent a single text:
The flat in his Mind Palace was just as he had left it. Inner John waited for him in his chair. Scuffling noises still came from beyond the flat doors, and he could hear the occasional call of ‘William.’ This time, he didn’t flee. Instead, he approached the door with caution. Placing a hand upon the doorknob, he braced himself, then flung open the door. It was oddly anticlimactic. Before him, a detritus of emotion littered the long hallway. It mostly took the form of photographs, but there also existed random sounds of struggle and the scent of sandalwood that were inextricably linked to his darkest memories and emotions.
Standing, the detective wrapped his arms around her. “Then that makes two of us,” he admitted. He kissed her on the cheek. “When is John due home?”
Surprised, Sherlock looked at John who seemed just as surprised as he was. The two of them got up and left, stopping long enough to schedule the detective’s next appointment.
As soon as Sherlock had done so, John set about stretching his boy’s entrance. He worked one finger into him. “Tell me how it feels.”
His delightful high was wearing off. He didn’t relish a confrontation with John, though the man deserved it. He’d wait him out and refresh his supply after the doctor had gone to sleep and this time, he would buy enough to last him several days.
The doctor sat there quietly. He wanted to hug Sherlock, but it would obviously not be welcomed at the moment. Instead he waited patiently, just keeping him company. At least he could do that much and, thankfully, it was being accepted.
Climbing on the bed, the Dom removed Sherlock's dressing gown lovingly. He ran his hand down his arm and lifted his boy's hand to his lips and kissed it. “Are you ready to have that cage off?”
Sherlock explored the communal areas of the flat and even his own bedroom and found nothing distressing. He attributed that to inner John’s presence. With him there, the flat seemed to be a haven. He went and sat across from inner John to savour the small victory for a bit, but the victory was short lived.
Sherlock woke first, though he was still groggy from being drugged. Wherever they were, it was dark. He sat up trying to remember what had happened. The last thing he remembered was being in the car with John leant up against him. They must have been gassed. That was particularly worrisome since John was suffering from concussion.
Lestrade didn’t hesitate. He climbed into the ambulance. He sat out of the way, watching at the paramedic started working on Sherlock. Soon, an IV had been started and medications administrated.
“I'll phone Mycroft tomorrow,” Sherlock said from where he leaned against the doorframe to the kitchen.
Sherlock wandered the streets of London, keeping out of sight of the CCTV network. He couldn't stand the idea of being watched.
“Do you have any idea how gorgeous you are?” John asked as he removed his clothes. “What you do to me?” His cock stood at full attention, drawing his boy's eyes to it. “Of course you do,” he muttered, seeing the glint in Sherlock's eyes.
The sub's hand froze on his cock and his head swivelled around towards the sound of John's voice. “Sir? You’re home.”
The sub nuzzled John’s cock, trying to urge it to hardness. The doctor pulled him away by the expediency of grasping a handful of curls.
"What? No! Of course not." The detective shifted uncomfortably. "It's just... the drugs. What if I can't. I might have a low sperm count or low motility. It's not like I ever expected to be anyone's biological father. It might not be possible at all." It was strange how something he hadn't considered before this very day had suddenly become so important to him. The thought that he might not be able to father their child threatened to overwhelm him. He was embarrassed to find his eyes were burning and his hands shook.
I do not wish to hurt you, but I must for your own good. Do not come to the flat for any reason. Do not phone, text, or write to me. Stay away. It is the best thing you can do for yourself.
The detective frowned as he concentrated. “My right hand,” he said, indicating the hand on his chest.
The detective patted the side if John's face. “Wake up. Please.” He kept at it until the doctor groaned.
As soon as she said it, Mycroft was on the phone to Anthea. In moments, he heard Mary's phone ping as the footage arrived. All he had to do now was have his people trace the supposedly untraceable email.
The doctor's tone was firm and Sherlock knew there would be consequences if he disobeyed. “Yes, sir.” He nudged his Dom's hand with the side of his head.
“And what would that have done to you, I wonder?” Mycroft met his brother's glare head on. “It would have destroyed you. It would have made you into a monster, no better than Bigelow.”
Sherlock pouted, but John kissed it away. They kissed and cuddled until they eventually fell asleep. Sweet dreams settled upon them both and stayed with them until the morning.
Having regained control, the government official resumed fucking his sub. He stepped them back from the wall and reached around him to grasp his cock and started stroking it in time with his thrusts. He could feel Greg trembling against him. It gave him a sense of control that was delightful. “Beg me to come, pet.”
The detective felt his knees go weak from both the kiss and the praise. He’d never wanted a Dom before, but that was only because he’d never met a Dom like John Watson. They reached their floor and Sherlock straightened up to his full height, putting his cool mask back in place.
John had walked three blocks with the box of case files when his phone rang. He set the box down out of pedestrian traffic and pulled his phone out of his pocket, half hoping the call was from Sherlock. Only half, because he was still angry and didn't want to shout at the man. The call, however, was from Mycroft. "What do you want?" the doctor asked brusquely.
“Yes, sir. I would have. I’m sorry.” He wanted to beg now. He bit his lip, holding the words back. Maybe if he was good, John would fuck him in the morning. The Dom was fond of morning sex and this wouldn’t satisfy him, not really. He resolved to be golden for John no matter how much he wanted to beg.
Sherlock began thrusting into him, panting. It felt so good. It felt like it should. It felt like love. When he came, it was with John's name on his lips. His vision whited out and his body shook with pleasure, then he collapsed on top of John.
He wouldn’t be deserting Sherlock to anything like that though, if he just gave his friend a few minutes on his own, just 15 minutes. He himself would have treasured that after he had been shot. Surely 15 minutes wasn’t too long for him to leave the flat. Besides, Mycroft had the place under surveillance. He could simply step out to Speedy's. That would work. He’d be close by if anything went amiss.
The doctor chuckled. After flicking off the fucking machine and setting it aside, he unfastened Sherlock from the table and led him to the cross where he bound him spread eagle.
The government official flipped Greg around and slammed him against the wall face first. “Don’t move.” He quickly reached around and unfastened his pet's trousers, then worked them down Greg's thighs along with his pants.
“I would normally punish you for running off on your own like Greg said you did, but I think you have been through enough.”
John was surprised by Sherlock's quick and ready apology. So much so that his knees gave out and he dropped into his chair without ceremony. “You just apologised.” He winced at his own words, half expecting an exasperated, “Yes, John. Do keep up,” but it never came, a fact for which he was grateful.
With a quick motion, the Dom grasped Sherlock’s cock. “I want you on the bed with your arms and legs spread out, ready for me to take you apart.”
John expected an outburst from his friend, but it wasn’t forthcoming. Instead, Sherlock pulled out his phone, called Doctor Dieter, and scheduled an emergency appointment.
“Why can't I remember it?” Sherlock asked. “I know it happened. I should be able to remember.” He paused. “Why am I starting to remember.”
John was busy making dinner for them. The smell of the stir fry was what had woke Sherlock. The memory of what had happened in his Mind Palace came back to him immediately. His first instinct was to share it with John, then he remembered his promise to keep things normal and less off kilter. He couldn’t tell him. It would only make John worry. There had been enough of that.
Sherlock felt like he was falling apart. He had to get himself together before he faced John, no matter how long it took.
“Good. Good.” John chewed on his lip. “There is one thing... I’d like to add that you won’t go haring off into dangerous situations without letting someone know where you’re going, just a text if nothing else. And I’d like you to take me with you if at all possible. Would you be amenable to adding that to the contract?”
“Amazing. Absolutely extraordinary.” John wanted to strip Sherlock and take him on the spot, but he could tell the sub would be quite a bit of work. That was fine. He was determined to have him.
John grasped one of Sherlock’s ankles as he climbed onto the bed and pulled Sherlock’s leg straight. He settled himself between Sherlock’s legs and ran his hand along Sherlock’s thigh. “Tell me what you want, pet.”
The depth of sincerity in the detective's eyes took John's breath away. Something fundamental had changed, though the doctor didn’t know what. The last time they had been in this situation, they had been nearly destroyed by the enormous upheaval that had resulted.
"I wanted to be well rested, just in case." Sherlock rolled onto his side so he could face John. "Instead, I've been laying here, thinking."
Enthused, Sherlock ran over to him and kissed him on the lips, causing the little girl to giggle. "The clinic called. I have a good sperm count and excellent motility."
It didn’t matter that John would be angry at him for using, Sherlock reasoned. The doctor would be moving out anyway after what he had accused him of. He took off his coat and dropped it on the floor.
Without another word, the former assassin rang off. She knew Mycroft would understand. They couldn't risk their phone conversation being overheard.
“There were, but... Sherlock and I were touching more. We still are, some, if he sees it coming, but, well, there was a misunderstanding and some things might have been said. Since then...” John shrugged.
Sherlock cried out loudly. John laughed around his mouth full of cock, sure that Mrs. Hudson had heard and probably the neighbours as well. Honestly, he didn’t give a damn.
That struck the Dom as unusually arrogant. This sub needed a firm hand. Still… “The police don’t consult amateurs.”
John stopped with them both beside Sherlock’s bed. “It’s a pity I don’t have my gear with me. I could do such lovely things to you.” The Dom parted Sherlock’s dressing gown and ran his hand down the length of his chest. “I have several ropes and cuffs at home to restrain you with, but I can make do, like we did last night.”
“His PA actually. Anthea. At least, that’s what she called herself.” Mary sat back from the laptop and stretched. “I’m already having fun.” She rearranged a blanket on Rosie who was sleeping nearby. “The assignment is intriguing.”
A car slammed into the cab on Sherlock’s side. There was the sickening crunch of metal that covered the sound of a bone cracking.
Finishing his coffee, John stood up and exited the shop. Despite the sunny sky, the day seemed gloomy. He couldn't remember the last time it had seemed otherwise. If the days felt so dark and oppressive to him, what must they feel like to Sherlock? How did his friend find the strength to continue on? John suddenly felt the urgent need to be back home where he could lay eyes on the detective. He started running and didn't stop until he reached Baker Street.
"John, that tickled." Sherlock tried to cover his nipples, but his lovers were having none of that. They attacked him from both sides, making him squirm uncontrollably. Their jobs were clear: to repeat what they had just done, but with Sherlock getting the majority of the attention. It was time he learned what they could truly be together.
John left him to his thoughts and went into the kitchen to put on the kettle. While he waited for it to boil, he leaned against the side and let out a deep sigh. The visit to see Doctor Dieter had been productive, but tiring. After a few moments standing there, he heard the strains of the violin as they floated through the air. His heart sped up and his eyes watered. It had become extremely rare for Sherlock to play. It seemed like ages since he had done it last. John closed his eyes and let himself enjoy it whilst he waited for the kettle to boil. When it did, he switched it off and made them both tea, carrying it into the living room. He set Sherlock’s on the coffee table, then took a seat in his chair.
Pulling the machine over, he positioned it just so and lubed the attached dildo. After one more adjustment of position that saw the tip of the dildo pressed into his boy, he turned the machine on.
The detective hummed an acknowledgement. He let himself sink into his mind palace, picturing John beside him. He started describing what he saw to his friend. “There is a long hallway. There is a door at the end of it. It’s locked. I can hear sounds coming from behind it. It sounds like a child sobbing.”
Seeing Mary’s choice of attire, the government official raised an eyebrow. “Have you decided to take the job, then?”
Striding onto the crime scene, energized and confident. Crouched over a body, noticing the minutiae that others fail to observe. The whole of the mystery unfurling before your intellect.
“That's fine, but remember to put them on the specimen shelf in the fridge. I won't have them with the consumables.”
Sherlock started chewing on his lip again, looking at Mary. She was a lovely woman and he did love her, though not like he loved John. If he could do this with anyone it would be her. "Mary you truly wouldn't mind having intercourse with me?"
The government official made a face and poured his tea down the drain. "Don't be childish, Sherlock." He headed towards the door, grabbing his umbrella. "Meet this Dom, Sherlock. It may be your last chance to choose for yourself."
"Sit down with me, love," John said, pulling Sherlock over to sit with him on the love seat. "Something's clearly bothering you. We all agreed not to hide things from one another," he glanced at Mary and smiled, "and you know you can tell us anything. Have you... have you changed your mind about fathering our next baby?" The words had cost him a lot to say, but he had managed it.
“Obviously,” John said, his arms crossed over his chest. “I have plans for you tonight. It looks as though you have a different idea.”
The detective kissed the tops of his bed partners' heads in turn. He tried to understand why his reaction to Mary had been so different to what it was with other women. As sentimental as it sounded, it had to be the love they shared: their love for John, for Rosie and even for each other. He had enjoyed their threesome, even if the point of it had been rather utilitarian. He thought that maybe... but, no they wouldn't want this again, not once the baby had been conceived. That was fine. He'd still have John.
The detective turned his head towards the door at the sound of footsteps. A larger smile broke out across his face and, at the ensuing knock, he called, "Come in, John."
In wakefulness you move with lithe  grace. Your genius and your beauty are overwhelming. Swift thoughts. Bright smiles meant just for me. At all times breathtaking.
Once they were in the office, Doctor Dieter closed the door. “Doctor Watson. I’ve been hearing a lot about you.” He held out his hand for John to shake.
I have tried so many times to find the right words to say to you, but when I start to speak to you, I can't. My tongue gets tied. I am writing them down instead. Maybe this is better anyway.
When John entered the room, he ruffled his boy's hair in passing. He went directly to their play chest and opened it then rummaged through it, clearly searching for something in particular. When he found it, he made a pleased sound. Turning around, he showed Sherlock his prize: a cock cage.
Inside the Diogenes, Mary was ushered to a private room where the government official awaited her. She reached into her pocket, pulled out the crumpled letter, and passed it to Mycroft.
John woke alone in Sherlock’s bed. He immediately worried that his attentions which had been so welcome the night before were no longer seen as favourably in the light of day. He got out of bed and mentally prepared himself to face an angry Sherlock, then he left the bedroom in search of him.
When Sherlock exited the shower, he used the door to his room. He considered putting on more pyjamas, but decided to don a suit instead. It would remove him one more step from the filth he had imagined on his skin. That was something he needed to talk to his counsellor about. The filthy feeling could hit him at any time and nearly drive him mad. He stared at himself in the mirror. Perhaps he would need to discuss his Mind Palace as well, loathe as he was to bring up the matter.
"Greetings to you as well," the government official said as he leant his umbrella against the wall. He went through to the kitchen to make himself a cup of tea, ignoring the more than unkempt state of the flat. "I've come on Mummy's behalf. She's worried about you living here alone and uncollared."
Your letter makes me worry about you. You still blame yourself for things that were beyond your control. Stop, I beg you. Don’t think ill of the best man I have ever known. That’s you, by the way.
It was a relief when the detective actually managed to do so without going into a panic attack or flying into another fit of shouting. John didn't rush his friend, he just sat there since his presence seemed to be tolerated, perhaps even welcomed. Out of the corner of his eye he caught a glimpse of movement and turned his head. At the end of the alley, a black sedan waited to take them home. He decided not to mention it until Sherlock appeared to be well and truly in control of himself. There was still that lingering anger that his friend held towards Mycroft, after all.
John came, not worrying about Sherlock's pleasure. His hips stuttered to a halt as he filled his boy with his come. He collapsed on his boy's back, catching his breath. He’d see to Sherlock, who had yet to come, in a bit. He smiled. It was time to really take advantage of the new dungeon.
The doctor reached out and grasped one of the ropes that made up the harness and pulled his boy in for a kiss. Sherlock's lips parted under his and he pushed his tongue in, plundering his mouth. He explored every ridge, enjoying how his boy responded to him.
John jerked awake from where he had fallen asleep in his chair. He hadn’t wanted to sleep upstairs. That would have made it far too easy for Sherlock to sneak out of the flat to procure more cocaine.
The Dom tweaked Sherlock’s left nipple, then watched it rise to a sharp peak. Next he ran the pinwheel over it, criss-crossing it several times. His boy’s chest rose up to meet the wicked device, greedily wanting to feel more of the pleasure/pain that it gave.
“I would ask you to leave my brother and me to talk,” Mycroft said, “but I suspect it would be a waste of breath.”
At the sound of someone, Mycroft from the sound of it, entering the building, Sherlock groaned. He didn't feel like dealing with his brother. Instead, he rolled over and faced the back of the sofa so he wouldn't have to look at him or, hopefully, talk with him.
“Good boy. Now don’t move.” With his unlubed hand, John unfastened the buckles that held his boy’s legs in place. “Bend your knees and spread your legs for me.”
Mary gave a choked sob, then wiped at her eyes without breaking free of John’s embrace. “You really mean that?” she asked, looking into his eyes, then she answered her own question, “You do. You really do.” Mary kissed John, her cheeks damp from her tears.
Closing his eyes and folding his hands in a prayerful manner beneath his chin, Sherlock ventured into his Mind Palace. He didn’t go deep, just stepped into his inner representation of 221B. It seemed peaceful there. Inner John was present and asleep in his chair just as the real John was in the real world. His presence comforted Sherlock and gave him more confidence in his endeavour.
Setting Rosie on the floor, Sherlock twisted around and sat up abruptly. “What’s it like to be a mother?” he asked, his voice full of curiosity.
Together, the two men coaxed sounds of pleasure from Mary, finally bringing her to orgasm. When they were done, she lay still, her body completely relaxed.
“Look at me, boy!” John demanded. He had one hand on his bollocks and the other on his nipple. His tongue ran over his lip as he pleasured himself. “Oh, this feels so good. It would feel even better if it was your tongue licking me.”
I kiss your flushed cheek. You moan. I call you my love. You close your eyes. I call your name. You shake your head.
“Yes, sir. Please.” The detective's cock was straining against its confines already, arousal pooling in his groin. He watched as John reached for the cock cage. Maddeningly, he stopped just short of touching it.
Grinning, John asked, “What do people normally say?” He was delighted by Sherlock’s reaction. The sub obviously had an enormous praise kink that had rarely, if ever, been satisfied. He could work with that.
Sherlock, breathless from the kiss, fluttered his lashes, then he gave a very Sherlockian response. “I thought you wanted me to get dressed.”
Sherlock wrapped his Belstaff tightly around himself, trying in vain to hide. He was going to be forced to apologise after all.
In response, John himself tipped over the edge into orgasm and he pumped Sherlock full of his come before disentangling himself and falling on the bed beside him.
John rushed to Baker Street where he found the door to 221 unlocked. He rushed up the 17 steps to B and through the door. “Could be dangerous,” he said.
“Y- yes, sir,” the detective said with a moan. The dildo pumping in and out of him had him constantly on edge. It was almost impossible not to come. “But, please. I’m so close.”
The case turned out to be boringly simple, bringing about a chastisement of Lestrade. “You told me this was a locked room murder. How could you be so stupid?”
“J... J... John. Don’t stop. Please,” Sherlock begged, his head twisting from side to side on his pillow. He felt lost in the sensations that he was feeling. Had he permission, he would have come right then, but he held on, not daring to fall over the edge without permission.
The doctor continued feeding Sherlock, lavishing attention on him. When the food was gone, he produced a purple rope and held it up in front of his boy.
After what seemed an eternity, he found the person he had been looking for. An exchange was made, cash for a small vial of his favourite solution, then Sherlock made his way back to the flat.
John laughed silently at that. If Sherlock treated everyone the way he had treated John he could understand why someone might take a dislike to him. If the man became his sub, something would have to be done about that.
The doctor felt like he was being taken apart and examined. The sensation was even stronger than when Sherlock had done it to him at their first meeting. John didn’t like it. Something about the man felt insufferably smug.
“Because,” Mycroft took a deep breath, “I received one too. I am to provide you any aid you deem necessary if my brother and John are to be released.
After they had both recovered, John removed the spreader, cuffs, and damp blindfold. He rolled Sherlock off of the damp spot, and cleaned him up with a damp flannel before seeing to himself.
Sherlock felt the bed shift as John climbed off to fetch some toys. With his eyes shut, he attempted to deduce what his Dom was selecting. John would be retrieving a blindfold, cuffs, and... a spreader bar. He squirmed a bit in anticipation.
“Go away,” the detective said in a ragged voice. He was tired of being seen like this, shaken and falling apart. At least he wasn’t in a full blown panic, but the vision of bright ginger hair filled his mind with both terror and confusion. His rapist had had dark hair, so where had his nightmare vision come from? The element of the unknown made it seem all the more horrible.
Grabbing the baby monitor, she carried it and the pregnancy test back into the living room. Rosie was still sleeping peacefully. She set the monitor on the coffee table and pocketed the pregnancy test after looking at it one more time, then she pulled out her phone and sent a text to John.
Soon, the detective had him gasping. John bit his lip to keep from crying out in pleasure. At least he wasn’t hooked up to monitors that would give away their activities. Sherlock kept up his work until John came with a small, quiet cry.
At that, the doctor breathed a sigh of relief. He stood, picked up the box of cold case files and gestured for Sherlock to proceed him. Once they were in the car, he began to relax. At least the detective couldn't pull a runner, not until they reached the flat anyway, and he doubted he would try it at that point. The flat meant home and safety. Sherlock had become predictable in that. It made John sad to think it.
John started to say something, but Doctor Dieter beat him to it. “Consider this possibility. Perhaps you're sabotaging yourself, Sherlock. You’re trying too hard to make everything normal. Stop trying so hard. What the two of you did last night was good if it worked.”
The doctor offered him his hand and he took it. “Try to relax. I know it's difficult. Just concentrate on breathing.” He was about to say something more when Sherlock’s name was called.
John nodded, though the detective couldn't see him. “Let’s try it again, this time with me beside you.”
The kettle sounded and Mary started two mugs of tea steeping. “He comes home from work and, I swear, he turns into this gooey eyed thing that treats me like I’m made of spun glass.”
John noted that as something to be discussed later. “I’m not going to spank you, you git. Now drop them.”
Sherlock still stole away to shower several times a day and when he finally stopped moving for any amount of time, he always settled on the sofa, but now he faced outward so he could watch John putter about. It seemed his injuries were healing nicely, his leg and ribs being the last to heal, but John wasn't worried, those physical injuries only needed time.
Feet dragging, Sherlock headed to his bedroom and climbed into bed. He practiced his breathing as he called to mind his memories of the kisses he had once allowed himself to steal from John, the little kisses that he missed so much. It took quite some time, but Sherlock finally drifted off, the memory of their kisses following him into sleep.
John didn’t like the sound of his friend's voice, so small and vulnerable. He couldn’t let the dream continue. “Sherlock. Come on, mate, wake up.” He listened, helpless as the detective stayed locked in his nightmare. Other things were said, ominous and dark, that chilled the doctor, things that caused him to make a horrible leap of intuition. He tried again, using a different name.
At the same time, Sherlock sat up, smiling. “We’re fine!” he shouted loud enough to be heard on the other side of the door.
“It’s not really any of your concern.” Sherlock pulled his legs up on the bed and lay down, closing his eyes. He didn’t care about John’s anger. He knew he would later, but right now it didn’t matter. “Go away.”
Lestrade allowed himself to fall behind and joined Mycroft who had been keeping John company. “How’s John?”
With renewed confidence, he perched on his chair. He needed facts. He needed to access his memories to find them. Without allowing himself to overthink it, he delved into his Mind Palace.
The mood shifted immediately and the doctor jerked his hand away as he turned to face the detective full on. “Do I think...” He looked away and out the window, his left hand fisting. He took several deep breaths, then looked back at Sherlock. His next words were barely more than a whisper. “You’re asking me if I think she misses being an...” He glanced at the cabbie to be sure he wasn’t listening, “assassin.”
“Oh, god,” Greg moaned. “Yes, sir.” It felt incredibly good when his Dom slid inside his loose and sloppy hole. There was no burn whatsoever, just a smooth glide from the lube that had started to leak out of him. Soon Mycroft was pumping away, thrusting hard and unrelenting.
“Good. I think we all need each other.” The way he said it, his meaning was clear. Mary leant her head against his shoulder. “Yes, we do.” She sighed contentedly. “I need something gentle and sweet.”
When Sherlock finally stopped playing, he put his instrument away then turned to face John. Seeing John resting peacefully touched Sherlock in an unexpected way. It had been so long since he had seen John relaxed. He felt like he had finally done something right for the first time in weeks.
“Alright. I’ll see what I can plan before our next session,” Doctor Dieter promised, his curiosity piqued. “Time is up. Now remember. It may not feel like it, but you made some real progress today. You opened up not only to me, but finally directly to John. I want you to try to do that more. Practice communicating how you feel and what your needs are. Don’t make him guess.”
“I didn’t mean to fall asleep,” Sherlock said as he deliberately placed his hand on John's shoulder.
“It's fine. It's completely normal to get frustrated,” Doctor Dieter said. “You just have to keep practicing.
“Of course.” John heard his sub huff his displeasure and frowned. “We would be happy to,” he said in his Captain Watson voice as he gave Sherlock a stern look.
Sherlock decided the place to start to ensure that was his Mind Palace. He had planned to talk with Doctor Dieter about it, but he didn’t think it could wait. He needed to try to clear it out of the random debris that littered it now, that or lock the debris away in a closet or dungeon. Hopefully that would stop the nightmares and he could go on with his life.
I hold no ill will towards you whatsoever. Nothing you have ever done has been unjustified. I am not a good man. I am a dangerous man. It would have been better had we never met. You would never have been so deeply wounded as you have by my acquaintance. As for myself
Climbing into bed with his boy, John wrapped his arm around him as he spooned up behind him. “Thank you for my birthday present, pet.”
When John and Sherlock got back to Baker Street, Sherlock drifted over to one of the windows in the living room and looked out on the street below.
Mary went to her laptop. She had sewn trackers into the linings of both their coats. Pulling up the tracking app on her laptop, she tried to locate them both. Two dots lit up on the map. They were together, at least. She quickly ascertained that they were in an old warehouse. Mycroft, she thought.
Ella didn't take offense, just nodded. "Of course. You know what's said here is safe. I won't repeat it elsewhere."
Sherlock took the doctor’s hand and pulled him to his feet as he, himself, stood. Together, they followed the psychiatrist back to his office.
"It won't be when you end up in hospital over it." Without saying another word about it, John sat and began reading his paper. Eventually, he heard the satisfying sound of Sherlock eating and he allowed himself a small victory smile.
Sherlock grasped two handfuls of curly hair and pulled, his eyes squeezed shut. When he opened them, he was back in the real world, the doctor standing, worried, before him.
The detective read over it, raising and eyebrow at the new punishments, but didn’t voice any complaints. He took the pen and signed it, then gave the contract to John who did the same thing.
It wasn't easy, but they eventually worked through their issues. Life settled down into everyday domesticity punctuated by cases. At last, everything was more than a bit good.
“Don’t make promises you can't keep,” the doctor cautioned, laughing. He kissed his boy, injecting all his love for him into it.
Sherlock's brow furrowed. “But I don’t want to. No. I don’t like it.” He twisted on the bed and whimpered. “No. Stop.” He whimpered again.
I came by Baker Street today. The front door was locked and my key no longer works. I can't say that I blame you. I deserve no less. I expect this letter to go into the fire unopened, but I have to try. It’s selfish of me, I know.
Collar upturned against the wind. Coattails flaring as you whirl about. You standing atop a rocky knoll, looking out over the moors.
Sitting on the edge of the bed, John ordered his boy to strip. It didn’t take long as all the detective was wearing was his dressing gown thrown over his pants.
Letting out a low moan, Sherlock shifted on the bed. His couldn’t move if he wanted to, even though he wasn’t restrained yet. He had given himself over to his Dom, and moving was unthinkable.
At first, the doctor didn't see anything, then his eyes locked onto a bit of dark wool that lay splayed out on the ground, just peaking out from behind some old crates. As he approached, he could hear Sherlock's ragged breathing. It didn't sound like the detective was having a full panic attack... not yet. When he was close enough to see his friend fully, he set the box down, then crouched a few feet away from Sherlock and waited to be acknowledged.
The doctor could tell he was anything but fine. “Okay,” he said, trying to sound like he believed his friend. He didn’t quite manage it, but Sherlock didn't notice.
“I shall dispose of this.” The government official stood. “Call me if you need me or if anything changes.”
“The signs in her flat all pointed to a female killer.” Sherlock rounded on his Dom, glaring. “The world is full of idiocy. Don’t add more to it, John.”
The sub felt a bit more in control of himself. “I didn’t know, I saw. Your haircut, the way you hold yourself, says military. But I was told you were a medical doctor, that's not cheating, that's using all available resources, so Army doctor, obvious. Your face is tanned but no tan above the wrists. You’ve been abroad, but not sunbathing. You were wounded in action. Wounded in action, suntan – Afghanistan or Iraq.”
They worked side by side, Mary on the laptop and Sherlock pinning various items from the file onto one of the walls. Time passed quickly for both of them.
Just as Lestrade was about to apologise to Sherlock for what had happened with Donovan, the detective spoke up, "John said you have some cold cases for me." Sherlock sat in a chair across the desk from the DI, determined to pretend like nothing had happened. He wouldn't let something that hateful excuse for a human being had said control him. He was above that.
“Bloody Mycroft. Why did he have to kill him? It’s not fair.” Sherlock tugged at his curls in frustration.
Trigger warning: This chapter is where underage sexual abuse is first openly hinted at. If that's a problem, please don’t read this chapter. It's not explicit and I'll never depict it in a more explicit manner than is shown in this chapter.
Sherlock stared out the window of the taxi. The appointment with Doctor Dieter hadn't been what he had expected, not at all. He had thought the man would immediately try to get him to talk about the attack and he had been prepared to refuse to say anything. Instead he had got what seemed to be practical advice. He still wasn't sure about the meds, though.
“Yes, sir. Please.” Sherlock allowed himself to be led to their bedroom and pushed gently onto their bed. By the look in John's eyes, that was the last bit of gentleness he could expect and god was he aroused.
John nodded. “Then I’ll come.” He returned to making coffee and toast, quite aware of the relief that Sherlock exuded. Anything that he could do to make things easier for him, he would and gladly.
When John burst into the flat, it was to find Sherlock playing his violin. Unfortunately, his abrupt entrance startled the detective and he almost dropped the instrument. Hands shaking, Sherlock managed to set the violin and bow aside safely before slipping to the floor.
Pocketing the phones and the paper, Mary left the warehouse as cautiously as she had entered it. She expected an ambush, but one wasn't forthcoming. Some people would have relaxed at that point, but not the former assassin. She walked for several blocks, then caught a cab. The driver looked at her oddly because of her clothes. Most of her attention was on the paper which contained a letter, the rest was on the driver and their surroundings.
The Dom set his mug of tea down on the side and stood to his full height, letting his dominance come to the forefront. “If you still want to, yes, but not like this. Go get paper and pen, then sit in your chair and wait on me.”
Mary snorted, “You weren’t the one that had to follow up on that. I did. And this is what happened...”
John got up. “I’ll make coffee and toast. If you eat it all, we'll see what I can come up with.” He headed to the kitchen by way of the bathroom, where he performed his morning ablutions. As soon as he was done, Sherlock followed suit.
He had taken to the streets, seeking out members of Sherlock's homeless network. Either they didn’t know where the detective was or they weren’t talking.
"Really?" That intrigued the doctor enough that he went over to the laptop to look at the sub's photo. "He's a posh looking one, but he certainly is beautiful." John sat down and read the limited information on the sub, one Sherlock Holmes. He had a feeling most of what he read had been made up simply to disinterest any potential matches with his profile.
The doctor looked at his friend. Rather than looking defeated, Sherlock looked more like his old self than he had in ages. “Alright. What do you need me to do?”
Doctor Dieter scribbled out the prescriptions on his pad and tore off the page, handing it to Sherlock. He glanced at the clock. “Our time’s up for today. I’d like to see you back in three days. Practice those exercises I gave you between now and then.” He stood up and opened the door.
Try as he might, Sherlock simply couldn’t think of anything he had said that had been out of order. The harder he thought, the more he let his arms droop and the more John was forced to remind him to hold his position.
“No. I know for a fact she doesn’t miss that. She regrets that part of her life.” Sherlock sought and grasped John's hand. “Never doubt that. Mary has a brilliant mind. I just wonder if she gets bored like me. No, listen. She loves taking care of Rosie and you. Okay, and me. But her mind races like mine does. I’ve seen it in her eyes.”
John walked around 221C, exploring the dungeon. The bedroom had a large bed with a suspension system over it. The bathroom was kitted out with an enema system and an fully-stocked emergency kit. In the kitchen, there were ample finger foods and water. And the living room held its own suspension system and a Saint Andrews Cross. The sheer number of toys available was mind-blowing. In short, it was perfect.
Slowly, Sherlock stretched out his right leg until his shoe touched John's. "I made a fool of myself. Again." He shook his mop of curls and his hands trembled. "I don't know how you put up with me." The detective had made a one hundred and eighty degree turn from the defensive front he had put up at the Yard. Now he gave off a now too familiar air of defeat.
“Strip, Sherlock.” John watched as a bit more awareness crept into his boy's eyes. He was pleased because he enjoyed Sherlock for who he was, not just as a pliant sub. He liked the fire and the challenge that was Sherlock Holmes.
In the cab, John shoved Sherlock to the floor between his knees and, grasping a handful of curls, pulled Sherlock’s head into his lap and up against his erection. “Just because I’m incredibly aroused right now, don’t think for one moment that I’ve forgot how naughty you were back there.”
Sherlock took three of his ridiculously numerous pillows and built a wall down the middle of the bed, then he turned a pleading look to John. “Stay. Please.”
John wanted to reach over and pat him on the knee, but he was sure it would be unwelcome, especially in Doctor Dieter's presence.
When he had recovered, he reached around his boy and grasped his cock. “You can come, boy.” He stroked him a few times, then Sherlock came with John's name on his lips. The sub felt like he flew apart, then slammed back together.
