Steve had never been more glad to sit through an hour long presentation on corporate tax deductions in his life.
“Finish….keep...going…” Tony was panting, encouraging Steve onwards. Steve pulled him up into his lap, fucking up into him, barreling towards the edge again as Tony lifted his arms behind his back, pulling Steve closer to his neck, practically begging to be sucked. Steve took the offer, sloppily kissing Tony’s nape until finally, he was cumming into him again with a hoarse grunt.
"Hee." Tony smiled, his laugh lines only making his eyes even more adorable. "Then you're a Winghead. 'Cuz you have wings on all your helmets, so you think you can fly too. Dummy." He squinted at Steve. "'Tasha told me how you jumped out of that plane after me, didn't know you were so obsessed with me. You could've just asked for a lift, you know."
Steve looked up and they locked eyes. He didn't move from his spot on the couch, while everyone else got up, getting ready to head out.
“That’s not...that was never it Steve.” He said. It looked like he was mustering up all his courage to speak his truth. “I don’t care that you bug me about stuff. In fact - I really...it helps. It keeps me grounded. I like knowing you care.” He took a deep breath. “It’s when you stop. That’s what bothers me. When you forget about me, and go back to your own friends, and your own life. That’s when it hurts.”
"You'll love it! If there's anything you don't like, we can stop right away. Just give it a chance?"
Steve knew about inflation and just how much prices had changed since the 40's, but still. Even looking at the price tags of the clothes at this mall was making him feel guilty, even if Tony was footing the bill. He couldn't imagine how much more clothes might cost somewhere that Tony Stark - billionaire - considered 'real stores.'
Steve’s hands were maybe a little clumsy, but he found purchase around Tony’s soft waist. Tony didn’t hesitate, or give any warning. He dove right in, one hand guiding Steve’s head to the side just right, and his hot lips were on him in the next moment, his tongue immediately finding its way into Steve’s mouth.
“Still a few more minutes to go.” He explained. “Since there’s no dimensional travel machine here, I’ll have to wait for the one in my lab to time out and open the portal back up right here.” He pointed at an empty space next to him.
"Oh. Good." Tony resolved to be a good friend and finish his thought. "I hope you can come to me if you ever need anything." He quickly spit out. "Okay. Goodnight."
“I thought - I don’t know. He said he had missed me. I thought he just meant, in general. Like, since we’ve been apart. I mean, I missed
"You don't think Birdbrain's already moved in?" Tony asked as Steve got a wet towel, careful to get it nice and warm before wiping it on Tony's chest.
“Great. There’s a team player.” Steve jokingly gave him a little slap on his rear. Tony stiffened up, dropping the hanger he was holding, and in the next instant, had turned and jumped back into Steve’s arms, desperately sucking on his neck.
"Yeah! Yes. Just sleeping. We uh, we cuddled. I think. I mean, I don't know. When I woke up you were, um. I was sort of- well we were cuddling. Nothing else happened. I left as soon as I woke up, and that's it." Steve fumbled through his words. "I just, thought you should know. I didn't want it to be weird. If you found out later or something. But... it's not weird is it? I'm sorry, I didn't mean to, it just sort of happened."
"Took you long enough." He said, still leaning on Steve, his soft hair tickling Steve's chin as he rested it on Tony's head.
"H-hey!" Steve yelped. "Good morning!" He tried to smile, probably flashing an awkward grimace instead. Natasha raised an eyebrow, but gracefully sat down next to Steve on the island, plucking half a grape from the fruit bowl Tony was mixing.
"I'm sure he will. Too bad he'll miss today's game though. Seems like he really enjoyed it." Natasha replied. As she and Bruce discussed all the other sporting events the god might like, Steve was becoming more and more antsy. He should've said something last night, in person, at least then he'd have a better gauge of how their dynamic might have changed. Maybe he should have stayed in bed after all, he couldn't imagine trying to talk to Tony now, in front of everyone. But it would be much too forward to ask to visit him in his penthouse, right? Maybe he could invite Tony to his apartment. Shoot, he should have made breakfast there, so it would be just the two of them. Would it be weird to take some pancake batter up? Maybe no one would notice-
"So you pulled me out of a meeting with my superior officers to tell me that you and Steve cuddled?"
“That’s just it! It wasn’t me. Yes, it was someone with the exact same DNA, same molecular structure, same...everything as me. But it couldn’t possibly have been me. Steve’s never come on to me, and he somehow finds himself in bed with this other guy after 5 minutes?”
for him, right? It was just so hard to tell though. They used to be such good friends...and as much as Tony would crave to touch Steve, to kiss him, to hold all his affection and attention back when they used to hang out together, it never occurred to him that Steve might feel the same. It just seemed impossible.
The same photo that he almost accidentally deleted as he startled at a knock on his door. His phone fumbled and dropped to the floor.
Steve laughed and ducked, hiding his face in Tony's hair. He kissed Tony's head again, like he'd done last night.
"Hey," Steve chuckled. He'd heard that Tony could really get lost in his work, so he wasn't offended. "What'cha working on?"
Before Thor took Loki back to Asgard, Tony had pulled all the Avengers aside, and asked if they wanted to stay at the tower.
trying. But Steve was going non-stop. Pretty much all his free time was spent working with the construction crews to get Manhattan back in order. He'd stop here and there to chat with the team on his way out, but Tony wondered if he'd taken any time since Loki's encounter to just relax.
It took just a few seconds longer for Steve's brain to reboot and realize that he was not, in fact, holding his pillow. He was holding Tony. In Tony's bed. Tony was cuddling back. Fuck.
“Same date.” Tony mumbled as he finally found what he was apparently looking for - a compass. He shook it a few times and seemed unconvinced, going to the window to look out at the morning sun, then turned around and started looking through Steve’s things again. He found Steve’s phone in his drawer and turned it on, starting to flip through his apps.
“You already win.” Steve gritted out as Tony licked a stripe up his cock. “Only want you. No one else.”
“Tony?” Steve interrupted. He knew Tony would go on all day if he didn’t remind him that he wasn’t a physicist.
to them - which you should do sometime, by the way. But that doesn’t make me a better person, and it certainly doesn't make me perfect.”
“Oh, sure.” Tony waved away his concern. “Don’t worry about that. He’s set the return parameters on a timer. We’ve got another hour or so before we switch back.”
to tell me!" Steve smiled and told him all about his fondue mix-up. They shared stories of Peggy, Steve from his time and Tony from what he could remember growing up around her. It was nice to get a glimpse of Peggy's life after the war. To know she had moved on, and was happy in the end. Tony remembered her fondly, Steve could tell by the way he recounted afternoons playing Dominoes or reading with her when she would go babysit. Steve liked to think that Tony was such a feisty person now, thanks in part to Peggy's influence.
"Um...I was thinking...you said whenever I was ready and...I think I'm ready. Maybe we could dry off and take this into the bedroom?" He nervously suggested. They had discussed it, as much as Steve enjoyed giving head, and he REALLY enjoyed it, they decided to have sex only when Steve felt ready.
"I thought so." Tony pulled his drink close to him and took a long sip too. It was nice that Tony wasn't too manly or proud to enjoy these fruity treats. "Let me guess. You spent your whole trip going from diner to diner, ordering meat and potatoes for dinner every night?"
He took a deep breath and pulled himself together. With misty eyes he looked over at Tony and grinned wide.
"You didn't see him before the whole Accords thing." Sam interjected. "He used to look at Steve like he hung the moon and the stars himself. Steve refused to notice."
"And you're okay with this?" Steve asked Thor, thinking back to his days of being poked and prodded in labs.
"I'm sure you've all been told about the benefits of this project for the people of Tajikistan. I've studied up myself. A country with annual rolling blackouts. Over half its population lives under the poverty live. They are dependent on agriculture, yet despite their problems and limitations, they are still willing to work towards sustainable energy. There doesn't need to be a political debate to solve a fixable problem, especially when the solution is well within reach."
"Yeah." Tony smiled and kissed back. "I think I could stomach some veggies if you're the one feeding them to me." Steve smiled against Tony's lips. He could definitely do that.
"Uh. I think...I think it went well." Steve was flustered by how cute Tony looked. He'd changed into some comfortable looking joggers and a plain shirt, but was still scurrying around in Steve's light blue slippers. He tried to ignore that possessive feeling of knowing that Tony showered and changed, but still made the choice to put
“Don’t worry. I’ll give them a show.” Tony pressed on his chestplate, engulfing himself in the armor, and took off into the sky, doing a few twirls on his way up. The crowd roared in cheers and applause as the quinjet doors closed.
"That about wraps it up, unless you plan on doing the splits mid-battle." Tony got down from his spot on the table and over to a screen, now typing away.
“It’s not rocket science, Tony.” Steve responded, and was pleased when Tony broke into a fit of giggles next to him at that. “There’s no right thing to say. I
“He didn’t always hate me.” Steve thought back to better days. “We used to be really close. And I tried to ask him, to talk to him - but before I could even wake up all the way, he was in my lap and then….it all just happened I guess. I thought we would talk about it in the morning, but that’s when we found out he was...not really Tony.”
The elevator doors opened and he hurried to the portal. The machine started its power-up sequence when suddenly, Tony realized - once he stepped through, Other-Tony would instantly be pulled over the threshold back here. They couldn’t occupy the same universe at the same time, after all. But he had no way of knowing if Other-Tony was in the lab right now, seeing how the mirror dimension had gone off course, and he still didn't even know why. He’d gotten immensely lucky last time - if Other-Tony had been in another room at the time - much less another state or country - the force of space pulling him into the coordinates of the portal might’ve killed him.
Finally, after a very long minute, he blinked and realized Tony was scratching the nape of his neck with so much tenderness. It felt amazing right now, but he was more worried about apologizing for how quickly he'd...popped.
"So whatcha got in the bag?" Steve leaned in, pretending to be curious about the bag on the other side of Tony's chair. He reached over only to have his hand slapped away playfully.
"Valet's got it, don't worry." Steve turned around and sure enough, someone in a suit was taking his bike around the corner. "Come on. They've got the best enchiladas, though the tacos are to die for too. I think we should get you both."
After lunch, Steve took them to a dingy building with no signage outside. 'A bar?' Tony has asked, but once they got inside his eyes lit up in excitement. It was a hidden video game arcade. Jarvis had told Steve that Tony spent a lot of his free time with Rhodey in college looking for places to try to put the initials A.E.S. on as many high score boards as he could find. Steve was content just watching Tony play for a while, until they stumbled into a Galaga game.
"So maybe his hammer is just really, really heavy and that's why none of us can lift it." Clint pondered.
“Rhodey’s making me.” He replied. “He gets to go home since he’s a military liaison, and doesn’t live at the tower, but he says I need to get on the quinjet - need to at least make it look like we’re in this together - for the crowd.”
“Oh? Is that what you want tonight?” He pretended to give Steve a stern glare, but the spark in his eyes gave him away.
The next few weeks went by pretty quickly. Between helping to rebuild the city and getting acquainted with the tower's new residents, Steve found himself exhausted at the end of every day. He didn't mind though, at least this way he could get some sleep at night. SHIELD kept him busy too - though they weren't putting him on any assignments at the moment, they still wanted him to come into their New York office for strategy meetings and expected him to fill out a mountain of reports regarding the invasion. Frankly, he didn't think his input would make any difference, and felt that his presence at meetings was more for his benefit than theirs, but he took all the work they would give him, if only to keep himself occupied.
“You were only gone a few hours.” Steve laughed. “But I missed you too. Did you have fun over there?”
“That’s the NATO Secretary General over there - he’ll introduce us.” Tony quickly interrupted, never looking away from the crowd. He sounded...normal. Cheerful, even. “We won’t need to say much - this is more of a Q&A thing. The reporters are all hand-picked so nothing out of your league.” He waved at the crowd again and flashed a smile at the man clearing his voice at the podium before continuing. “Then there’s a meet and greet with the VIP reporters and politicians in attendance. Just smile and shake their hands. You can do that.”
“That’s what I’m saying!” Clint waved his arms in triumph. “We could’ve waited a few minutes up here for you to finish your pickup line! Too bad Stark here cockblocked you.”
They finished stripping down, leaving their dirty clothes in a pile on the tile, so they wouldn't ruin the soft rugs in their bedroom. Steve blushed as Tony took his hand, leading him to their spacious bathroom, water already heating up for them. Steve tried to avert his gaze from his very handsome, very naked boyfriend in the rising steam. He still wasn't used to seeing Tony naked, maybe he would never get used to it, the way it gave him a rush, made his mouth water.
“Yeah. He has the same ticklish spot too.” Steve grinned as he tugged at Tony’s arm with one hand, and kept tickling with the other.
"Y'didn't...ask me to." Steve plainly answered, then tried to shut Tony up with another kiss. The other man wasn't having it though.
"I think you found a restaurant that turns into a dance hall after dark." Tony laughed, "Let's go see if the bar will give us more of those cute mojitos." He slid out of the booth, pulling Steve with him. They got their drinks, and Steve watched as Tony smiled bright, looking eager to join. He was swaying in time to the tempo, sipping his drink as he watched the couples dance with fire and enthusiasm. It was obvious that most of the people in here tonight were here for the dancing, they were all so great at it. For all Steve knew, they could have all been professionals, commanding the makeshift stage, turning and dipping their partners with ease.
That's when Tony caressed his back, running feather light fingers over his spine in the most delicate, loving way, and Steve lost it. He groaned loudly into Tony's mouth, cumming hard, desperately even, deep inside him. He saw stars as Tony kept squeezing around him, almost milking him.
“-Can just learn to deal with it.” Pepper finished. “You need to stop assuming everyone hates you. They signed the New Hero Deal, they’re adults. They know what they got themselves into, and that means they have to work with you and Steve as their Commanding Officers, whether they like it or not.”
"It was no big deal, really. Just glad I could help." Steve watched, mesmerized by Tony's hands working so efficiently. He remembered the first time he'd been to Tony's lab, seeing the man work with small tools, fixing Ironman. Those hands, and fingers, so nimble and precise, could probably do wonders on his body, would feel so good in his...
"Shit." His voice was hoarse as he forced his arms to cooperate, lifting him off his sticky sheets. He was suddenly extremely grateful that Tony thought to put a private laundry room in his apartment. He stood up, stripped off his clothes, and pulled his bedding off. It was going to be a long morning.
Steve didn't believe in him. He had his shiny new friends, who weren’t sleep deprived, insensitive assholes who wanted Steve all to themselves. Tony thought he had
Luckily, as soon as Tony got to talking again, he was impossible to stop, and Steve was grateful for that. While they had their lunch, they talked about all the places Steve visited, he showed Tony pictures and they talked about all the other places he had yet to see. Tony was so knowledgeable, it seemed like he'd been everywhere in the world. Soon, they sat back in their chairs, stuffed.
"That's right." Steve decided to try to put Tony's worries to rest, as unfounded as they were. "I know how to dodge reporters, Tony. And handsy fans as well."
"Hey!" Steve tried to argue, but to be honest, that was pretty spot on. "I mixed in a few bars here and there. Jarvis took me to the famous spots too."
He dreamt of butterfly wings, lightly flapping all around him. Feathers softly tickling his skin. He was floating in the breeze, a ray of sunshine warming his face. Slowly, the dream melted away, and he opened his eyes, waking up to dozens of sweet little kisses all over his face and neck. He wouldn't mind walking up like this for the rest of his life. He chuckled, returning little kisses to the man laying on top of him.
sheesh. I'm taking you to my tailor as soon as you have free time. But this will do in the meantime, I suppose."
“Tony…” The name choked out of his throat, his own clothes forgotten as he ran his hands over Tony’s body. He really
"Oh." Steve looked down at Tony, who was looking back up at him, resting his head on his hip, having long ago given up on posture. "Guess...we missed the movie huh?" Steve sheepishly gave Tony a lopsided smile.
They walked up the steps. Tony was waving at the crowd, handsome as always in a dark, perfectly fitted suit. He was smiling - but Steve couldn’t see his eyes behind the dark sunglasses he wore. He wondered what he would see in those eyes if he got the chance. They all started to take their seats - and of course Captain America’s nameplate was next to Ironman’s. Steve’s jaw became tense as Tony made his way over to sit next to him. Tony pulled his chair a few inches away before casually plopping down.
They were sitting only inches from each other, but to Steve, the gap felt a mile wide. He looked down to the city streets, the countless cars driving by in the distance - everyone heading home, to be with their families. And here he was, with Tony, with
Steve took a deep breath. He knew Tony liked to dance, knew Tony would have fun if given the opportunity, knew he needed to start making his intentions known soon, or he would lose his chance.
“Really?” Tony asked through doe eyes as he gave Steve another good, long stroke. “No other versions of me?”
Not hungry? Shit, it must be serious then.” Bucky put his food down and scooted his chair closer. “What happened?”
He'd promised himself that he wouldn't let this year end without getting an answer, but it was already the end of December, and this party was just so...so damned
"As tacky as this place is," Steve looked over at Tony and smiled, that stunning smile that made Tony's heart skip a beat, and let him know he was just poking fun at him, "It's definitely a step up from SHIELD's apartments. Current mess notwithstanding of course. You sure you won't mind, Tony?"
The way Tony said it, insinuating that this wasn’t a one-time thing, the way he begged so sweetly, made something click inside Steve, and the last of his hesitation melted away. He lined himself up, and clutched Tony’s plush thighs before pushing in. He wanted to go slowly, but Tony kept tugging at his shirt, pulling him in more and more. Steve chuckled and pulled his shirt off, guiding Tony’s hands to his neck instead. Tony gladly let him, content to pull Steve by his hair instead. When Steve was finally all the way in, he stopped to catch his breath, but Tony had other plans.
"No." Steve paused a second, the elevator doors had opened, and he guided them on. When the doors closed, he continued. "It wasn't a trial run for anything. I don't have any gal that I'd want to take on a date there. I think...I'd rather take a nice, smart, handsome fella."
Well, he did keep having private conversations with the others...maybe they couldn't help with the reactor plant after all, and were trying to find a way to tell Tony? It would be really disappointing, crushing really, but if that was the case, he'd rather know now.
“When he moved to the compound, he said he’d miss you. Even after everything happened, he sent you a whole damn phone just to reach out to you. He tried calling and texting you nonstop until you finally came to your senses and started working on the New Hero Deal. All I’m saying is, maybe he’s trying. Maybe that’s the only way he knows how to communicate with you. Maybe he is so confident and friendly with the others because he doesn’t feel the same way around them as he does around you. I mean, sheesh Tony - the man had
Back on the screen, a growing list started forming. A couple new bullet points being added every few seconds.
a shareholder though." Tony fumbled to pull up another hologram screen. "I gave all of you- the Avengers- company stock when you moved in, in case of an emergency, or if I was ever cut out...so you have every right to be there... Pepper could add you to the docket...in fact if I bring in the Avengers to help build it as a charitable contribution you could even be a consultant at that point...those hounds won't say no to a big tax deduction like that...even Williams with his big fat balding head couldn't say no to SHIELD level security..."
Steve shook his head, trying to bring himself out of this funk. After hours of walking, the day just seemed to go on too long, so he decided to walk back to his bike, and find a nearby town to stay at, somewhere he could maybe have dinner surrounded by other people, even if they were strangers.
By the end of the night, Tony couldn't help but pat himself on the back. He'd done such a good job of being a teacher. Had stayed focused, and Steve was now probably better at using his phone than most middle aged moms. Tony was internally congratulating himself, when Steve got up and stretched, his shirt riding up a good few inches.
Steve thought for about it. He knows his friend pretty well now, or so he'd like to think. It's probably the case that Tony would like to thank everyone for their support of his project and doesn't know how to. Steve knew more than anyone how difficult it was to step outside your comfort zone, and Tony sure wasn't used to having people do him any favors without wanting something in return. He finished plating and walked over to set down the bowl and utensils in front of the still silent man. The worn out genius looked up and gave Steve a small smile.
“I...I thought you were him. I…I thought...” Steve went beet red with embarrassment. Tony seemed to mull it over, and then finally let out a genuine laugh.
Could he? No. He couldn't even consider it. He was Captain America, for God's sake. He knew he was a high profile person, and it's only been a fluke that he hasn't been recognized more often on this trip. Realistically, he was aware that Jarvis could probably find him somewhere private, discreet. Tony had even encouraged it! Or was that a joke?
They sat there, enjoying the view in quiet companionship, until the sky was pitch black. Steve took his blanket and draped it over Tony. It wasn’t very cold, but he knew Tony liked to be bundled up.
"Positive." Steve placed a tender kiss to Tony's lips before turning the water off and grabbing a fluffy towel, smiling when a giggling Tony squirmed under his groping, lightly patting and rubbing his skin dry. While Tony grabbed some lube, he quickly toweled himself off too, and followed Tony to their bed, squeezing handfuls of soft, silky skin along the way. They fell onto the sheets, their kisses becoming more heated, hands roaming lower, until soon Steve found himself on his back, tightly holding Tony's thighs, trying to rub his hips up against the other's.
"Uh…" Steve looked around, though he didn't know what in the world he was looking for. "I haven't exactly been down here in...a few years."
"Not at all." Steve scooted closer and reached out slowly, as not to spook the other man, then gently pulled his hand down. "It's actually amazing." He quickly let go though, thinking it might be insensitive to say the least. He rubbed the back of his neck and moved away. "Sorry. I guess it's not so amazing when it's necessary to keep you alive, huh?"
"Right. No big deal." He looked down at his watch. It was getting late and he should really head down soon. "So, how do I look?" He turned in a circle, showing Tony his suit. "It's one of the suits Nat helped me get. Is it okay, you think?"
He looked around the room. Many of the faces that had been calling for pitchforks a minute ago were now stricken with fear. Just as he expected. These people were used to holding all the power with their money, but cowered in the face of real consequences. This would be easier than he thought. Time to lay it on thick.
Now? Now he’d gone and lashed out - vomiting out all his emotions at the Adonis that broke him. In front of the friends that left him. For a world that would gladly tear him apart if it meant one more day of peace. And so he ran - like a coward - to the melody of delighted cheers from strangers that meant nothing to him. But he
"I don't know what to say." Steve walked up to the gates, Tony quietly following. Security let him right through and he walked all the way to the field entrance, gingerly putting his hands on the railing and looking out to the floodlights and perfectly manicured field. "You did all this just so I could figure out who to root for?"
mirrored universe. Everything from the big bang until now should be exactly the same as the dimension
"You look great. Yeah, great." Tony's gaze peered down, his hand reaching out to Steve's hip. Steve froze, eyes locked on the other's hand, shivering when he expected a touch, but didn't get one. Instead Tony yanked something off the seam of his jacket. "Price tag still stuck on. I
“Tony.” He moaned, but it came out sounding desperate and pleading. Tony hummed, lips still on his cock, the vibrations making him leak even more.
"Uh, yes? I mean, there was a weird period at first where it was a little awkward, we all had to learn to live together, but we became pretty good friends for a while, there."
"I think he means those tight black denim pants we got you that time we all went shopping." Natasha translated.
“I...I didn’t want to assume.” He tried to explain. He wasn’t exactly very experienced at this stuff, and he certainly wasn’t a playboy who could read body language.
“No! I almost got it!” He could hear Bucky shuffling with bags. Steve went over and opened the door to the two men carrying half a dozen bags of food.
“Tony!” Steve yelled over the sound of the jet engines and the cheers outside. “Wait! What happened to being in this together?”
Tony was so, so happy. This is what he'd always wanted. Someone who cared, who loved him back, who could make him laugh, who made him feel like the most special guy in the world. And damn, that smile. He'd never grow tired of seeing that smile.
“I see, Sir.” Jarvis answered. “I had assumed that my surveillance malfunctioned when you seemed to be asleep at your workbench one moment, then awake and suited up in the next moment.”
"I might give it a try then." Steve beamed. "The pants I mean. Not the clubbing. Not really my style." Tony chuckled a bit at that. "You coming up?"
“He is correct, Mr. Rogers. He will not cause you any harm. He is Mr. Stark from a mirror universe.” Jarvis helpfully supplied.
"This has been amazing. Thank you so much Tony." Steve looked at all the impressive history around him.
were throwing a party for him! Because they'd missed him! "Thank you all so much. I missed you all." He beamed as everyone came up to greet him with hugs and cheer and laughter. Apparently Bruce got the memo about Steve's newfound love of Indian food, and had prepared a spread big enough to feed an army - which was, surprisingly, enough for Steve and Thor's appetites. As they ate, everyone asked Steve all about his adventures. Thor was excited to hear about his days through New Mexico, exclaiming that he would like to take Jane Foster back someday. Clint teased and pondered how many 'little Captains' would spring up in 9 months, Steve just rolled his eyes at him. Natasha filled him in on all the SHIELD gossip he'd missed.
“Or maybe you’d rather talk one-on-one? Off the record.” She took out a business card and slipped it into Steve’s suit pocket, patting his side twice, keeping her hand there as she leaned in. “I was a big proponent of the Accords. I think the New Hero Deal is horrendous, but at least it’s a step in the right direction if
"Sorry. It's just...remember how you said I should...well anyways Tony and I were talking yesterday-"
"I'm yours." He managed a shaky breath before he felt his hole fluttering around the big member inside it. Tony let out a high pitched whine before quivering, then tensing up and squeezing Steve's thighs with both hands. Steve felt a pulsing in his ass, then hot seed spilling out around the cock that was still slowly, sensually gliding in and out. Tony moved his hands down to his hips and then slammed in hard a few more times, loud, wet sounds of come and lube slapping and squirting together filling the air, and Steve came again, a silent scream escaping his lungs, his seed spilling all over himself.
“Oh.” Tony thought back to all the times he felt so lonely in the months everyone was gone. He wondered if Natasha or Clint ever saw him wiping away a tear or two on his drive home from seeing Rhodey, or after a particularly horrible meeting with Ross, or on his long, not-quite sober walks in the park.
"Sir,'' Jarvis patiently reminded. "The board members will be voting on your proposal soon, and as Miss Potts puts it, millions of people are counting on you."
belts) then they were finally free to go. They dropped off all of Steve's bags with the driver from SI, who let them know he would have it all taken to the tower and would be back before they finished their early dinner. While they ate, Natasha and Clint explained how to match his clothes, accessorize and layer. Steve thanked them for spending the day with him. As annoying as the whole ordeal had seemed at the time, he really did appreciate that they took the time to help him with all this. Now he wouldn't need to worry about whether he was sticking out like a sore thumb next time he went out. (But really, who was he kidding? When did he ever go out?)
"Yeah. Forgot to tell you. Hawkass didn't want to go to bed last night, he wanted to build a pillow fort and refused to let me take him to his room." Natasha rolled her eyes. Steve grabbed his untouched coffee and reached down, handing it to the sleepy Clint, who took it and hummed happily after taking a long sip.
Steve cut up a portion of asparagus and dipped it in their decadent, creamy garlic aioli, guiding the delicious bite to Tony's lips.
"Thank you." He said. "I'm not lonely at all when you're with me." He put Tony back down, and Tony was blushing and looking at the floor.
It was still mid afternoon, but he decided he needed to sleep this off. Tomorrow, he would wake up and feel better. So he checked into the first dingy motel he found, set his phone to charge on the stand, and covered himself up in all the blankets he could find in the room.
Steve stared at his phone screen for a long time. Tony was probably back to the party, so it was unfair of Steve to expect for him to respond right away, if at all. He held up the photo and looked at it until the screen dimmed, then turned off entirely. Maybe it was a mistake to leave? He was still fairly new to this century, was he losing the first real friends he'd made here? His thoughts started to spiral, maybe he should go back. Maybe it wasn't too late.
He'd been to combat strategy meetings during the war that were less tense than this. For the time being, all the yelling wasn't being directed at him, which would be comforting if not for the fact that they were dragging Tony Stark's name through the mud in the process. Williams was the worst of all.
woke up 70 years from now and didn't have anyone to help you, Pep? I've gotta at least give him some guidance."
He tried to reason with himself. Tony is just that kind of person, and likely brings it out in those around him. He likes to hug and pull you by the hand and poke you. He doesn't mean anything by it, that's just how he is. So he resolved to try to just enjoy his time with his friend and shove down these weird clingy feelings that were creeping up.
“Are you really gonna make me spell it out for you?” She let out a frustrated snort when he just gave her a blank stare. “He
"Uh...Tony?" He called out to no one. If Jarvis hadn't helped him out, he wouldn't have thought Tony was home at all.
"Yeah." Steve cringed every time he thought back to that day. "If I ever get that high and mighty again, I need you to repulsor blast me in the butt."
"Ugh, nope. Dad and dad are at it again!" Clint made a U-turn and headed back for the elevators before Natasha grabbed him by the collar.
The next time Steve woke up, it was to some light kisses on his cheeks, and warm hands tapping his chest. He didn't need to open his eyes to know exactly who was in his bed this time, and he couldn't help but smile, pulling the offender closer and nuzzling into his hair.
"The...the dark ones. You hated them so much you put little crying faces. You were right, they're a little low on the waist, but Barton made us buy them anyways. Don't worry I won't wear them," shit, he was talking about these stupid pants instead of apologizing about breaking his trust. "But really, I'm so sorry Tony. I didn't mean to look. She was just showing me what texting was, honest. Please don't be mad at her, I'm the one who asked!"
"Oh my God,” Steve’s laughter died down, and he held out his hand to Tony, who was still sprawled out on the floor, “I could use some fresh air."
“And the fact that he was crawling into your bed in the middle of the night didn’t give it away?” Bucky raised an eyebrow through some more chuckles.
"Yeah," Steve looked around him, seeing the vastness of the earth, formations far greater and older than him or anyone else that had ever lived. "It is." He agreed, it was beautiful. But in a way, it also made him feel very, very small and alone.
Finally, the notes stopped, so Tony must have gotten to where he was going. It was a lot, but Steve was happy that Howard's son ended up being a decent person after all. He'd really messed up bad by misunderstanding Tony to begin with, so he resolved to try to genuinely make friends with him.
“No.” Tony responded. “But he might as well be. You should see them, Pep, they follow him like lost puppies. And everyone treats
Tony unbuckled Steve's belt, unpopped his buttons, unzipped his pants torturously slowly. Steve almost regretted wearing so much clothes. At least Tony was letting him caress every inch of his stunning figure in the meantime. Steve relished the feeling of Tony’s warm body under his roaming touch. He hissed when Tony finally pulled his pants down, the cold air hitting him, making his cock leak.
It was nice of them, to think of him today. But for some reason, getting those calls just made him feel lonelier. This was the first birthday without Bucky. Without the Howling Commandos and Peggy. In fact, it was the first birthday where he would be all alone, in a strange new world.
His hand slipped up and down, he shuddered, letting himself feel his heavy cock get thicker in his grip. What would he want right now, if he had someone who wanted to help him with his loneliness? Sinking into the bed, he let himself imagine sturdy arms wrapped around his body. The sheets were mangled under him as he moved his hips in time with his strokes, the warm blanket mimicking the sensation of hands running down his sides. He could almost picture handsome, dark eyes watching him. A deep, soothing voice telling him how good he was being. How good he felt. As he pumped himself, he tried not to make his fantasy too specific, but his hips jerked and swirled as he got closer to the edge -and at the last second, he imagined a puff of warm breath on the side of his neck, the tender feeling of being held, and that send a shiver down his spine.
"He sure is." Natasha crossed her arms and leaned onto the counter, feigning sleepiness. "Stark, would you be a pal and grab my Black tea from the pantry? Since you're so
"Hey. No." That got Tony's attention, and he couldn't stay silent. "There's nothing wrong with you, honey." Steve shivered and moved closer. "You've been through some pretty traumatic experiences and haven't worked through them, so of course it's all gonna spill out sometimes." Tony took one of Steve's hands and squeezed. "Have you seen a therapist about this stuff?"
"Just a minute." He croaked out, waiting for the pain to pass, and then opened his eyes slowly to the bright room, thin curtains and half open blinds doing almost nothing against the Arizona sun. He walked to the door and opened just an inch to see who was there.
" He exclaimed in triumph. "Come on then, dance partner. Let's go find the others, this crowd is a nightmare."
"This better be good. It's early and I had to babysit Barton last night." Natasha came out, grumbling but looking just as alert as ever. Steve handed her the hot drink.
"You're amazing! I never thought they would vote yes. Not in a million years. Pepper was shocked! Even Williams too! We did it! YOU did it! We can start building in September! Did I tell you that you're awesome yet?"
"Mister Rogers? Are you okay?" A small woman was on the other side of the door, with a cleaning cart behind her.
"Only if you want." Steve shrugged, trying his best to maintain his cool, but his heart was hammering as fast and as hard as the drums echoing around them. Tony put down his drink and slowly took Steve's hand, but instead of heading towards the dancers, he pulled Steve down, closer to him, and turned so he could speak in his ear.
It's a rocky road out there, indeed. I hope everyone reading this is safe, and can find a moment to breathe today.
Steve's heart rushed with emotion at the nickname. He laid his head on Tony's shoulder and held out the box for them both to see.
normal. Steve had never really been in a real relationship, after all, so he probably just didn’t know how all this worked. Steve finished up in the bathroom as Tony walked back to the bedroom.
Steve was really enjoying the atmosphere and time with his friends. Tony didn't mind that he would hang around, asking questions, lingering in his space when conversation was slow, and he liked that most of all. Steve had been considering their relationship...or lack thereof, for the last couple of days. Ever since that morning, waking up in Tony's bed, Steve had a burning need to touch the other man again. He did his best to control himself though, only allowing himself a few small gestures when his desire got too overwhelming. He'd pat Tony on the back, or put a hand on his shoulder, or sit close enough for their thighs to barely touch on the couch. But Steve didn't know how much more he could take, he was aching to hold the other man close again, having gotten a small taste of what that could be like, and not being able to get it out of his head.
. The man looked...shocked? Horrified? Tony was guessing at this point, he couldn't quite make out Steve's face, angled the other way. The supersoldier quickly slipped out of bed, nice enough to cover Tony up and leave a pillow in his place, and then all but ran out. He followed the cameras into the hallway, seeing as Steve essentially panicked, running into a bathroom. Tony sped through the video again, not willing to look at the bathroom footage, and then Steve came out soon after, looking pale, and left.
Tony. I promise, I’ll even stop reprimanding you. I won’t yell anymore. I’ll leave you alone, if that’s what you want. But we need you here Tony.
“Alright, alright.” Tony gave in. “Let’s go see this doctor. He better not be an M.D. I’m too sleepy to defend myself from needles right now.”
Sure, he still had a long way to go before finishing the trip he'd planned. Ideally, he wanted to continue up to Canada, and then make his way back down, touring the Northernmost states before ending up back to New York. But he'd set off on this journey because he wanted to find a reason to live. He had friends and a sense of purpose back in 1945. With all that gone, he needed to make his own way in this new world. But he'd been away long enough - he knew where he wanted to be, and knew where his friends and purpose were now.
"Thanks?" Tony didn't know what to say to that. Now Steve was reaching at straws to compliment him for some reason? Did Steve like him? No, of course not. The most likely explanation was that Steve somehow found out about Tony's feelings, and was trying to find a way of letting him down gently. Shit, how could he have known? Well, it was obvious. Tony practically threw himself at Steve every chance he got. Hell, he burrowed himself into the man's broad, chiseled chest even in his sleep. How could Steve
"It's not a big deal, come on." Steve nudged him to the dance floor. His eyes looked determined, but the light sheen of sweat on his brow gave away how nervous he was. They couldn't back out now, not when this sting had taken months to plan, and weeks of dedication to their fake identities.
"Just try and breathe, Stevie. That's it. Big breaths. You're doing great, honey. Just think about baseball. Remember how many runs the Dodgers scored when you went to see em' last?"
"Mission failed though," Steve laughed, "They still got me some pretty ridiculous looking stuff. They made me get these 'V-necks'" Steve made an exaggerated V-motion on his chest, getting Tony to smile a bit, "Clint says it's for going to clubs. It's like he's never even met me!" By this time Tony was laughing wholeheartedly, and Steve did a little inner cheer at that. "So are you gonna teach me how to bug Barton with my clubbing pictures or what?"
"Thanks Tony." Again, Steve felt like he was being swept away in a rush, but it was better than sitting in his room alone with his own thoughts, so he didn't mind.
“Then wake up. You need to finish your research so my Tony can come home already.” Steve finally let go of him and stood up, extending an open hand to him.
When we were in Wakanda.” Steve felt the sting of tears behind his eyes. Sam must’ve noticed, because he came to Steve’s defense right away.
mean it. This was their dilemma though, their downfall always came from miscommunication. He wouldn't keep it from Tony any longer. He took a deep breath, hoping this wouldn't blow up in his face.
"That's not what aunt Pegs said..." Tony mumbled angrily under his breath, but Steve heard it loud and clear, and that really set him off.
"Of course. Sir is heading that way this morning as well." Steve perked up, then Jarvis continued. "In fact, it seems he is sending you a message as we speak."
"Sorry. To be honest I've only used it for calling." Steve rubbed the back of his neck. "I did learn how to see my contacts so I can call them without having to punch in their whole phone numbers each time. But that's about it."
"Mhm. Y-yeah." Steve tried not to look Tony in the eyes. For some reason, it felt like if he looked there, his secret would be out. But looking down wasn't much better. Tony's forearm was rigid, working to balance his weight, muscles flexing and - fuck. Steve felt stupefied, didn't even know where to look or what to say.
"No." Steve practically growled. He couldn't control his hands, one groping Tony's soft, round bottom, the other clutching his waist, pulling him impossibly closer.
“Tony? We should clean up, at least.” Steve chuckled. Of course Tony would want to skip any explanation. He was making himself right at home here on Steve’s bed.
"Ah! Mister Rogers, I received the call from your secretary. We've been able to make accommodations for you two per her instructions. Please, Mr. Rogers, Mr. Stark, right this way." The host ushered them through the building, all the way to the back, where they had a small booth to themselves facing the rest of the room. The room was dark, only small lights from each table illuminating the area. It was snug, the seat against the wall, just big enough to fit the two of them. Red rose petals were vibrant against the white tablecloth.
"Captain? Sir would like to inform you that he's getting ready and will meet you for an early lunch in Chinatown in about an hour. Shall I reroute you?"
“That is Mr. Steven Grant Rogers, born July 4th, 1918, sir. And Mr. Rogers, this is Mr. Anthony Edward Stark, born May 29th, 1970.”
"Not yet." Steve breathed, his figure towering over the smaller man. Tony glanced up at him with big, questioning eyes. "Told you I'd get you back for that.” Steve said, his fierce gaze was piercing, making Tony shiver in suspense. The supersoldier leaned down, letting his mouth hover right over Tony's. Tony stretched his neck up, trying to take a kiss, but Steve pulled back just a bit, just enough to say what he needed to say.
“What are you even talking about?” Steve ran his hand through his hair, frustrated. “It’s like we’re having two completely different conversations. If you have a problem, just
"Yeah. I was gonna see if the subway team needed any help, but I ran into Miss Potts on the way over." Tony's senses honed in on that. "She's a real nice lady. We met and she told me about some of the stuff SI does, and before I knew it I was back inside the tower. Guess she likes to walk and talk, I didn't even notice." He laughed at himself. "Anyways, she ordered me to take the rest of the afternoon off, and...I don't know her very well but my survival instincts told me it would be dangerous to say no."
Soon, Jarvis let him know that Steve was at the door, requesting permission to enter. Tony denied access. He didn't want to argue right now. Steve obviously didn't know what was best for him, so Tony would just have to work even harder to make sure he was safe while he was out gallivanting across the country.
"Thanks by the way. For all this." Tony had crossed his arms and was leaning his chair back, trying to act indifferent. Steve knew better though, his Shellhead was opening up to them, even if it was just a little. He was so proud of the man for accepting the help.
"All the dances you want." Steve answered. Tony swelled up at that, a radiant smile gracing his beautiful face, and he craned his neck up to give Steve a soft, tender kiss, before putting his hands back into position, letting Steve lead them into the next song.
"Okay." Steve would be lying if he said he didn't feel a little dejected. But he really couldn't blame Tony, he knew how busy the businessman was. "I'll save you some cake." Tony smiled at that, and clapped Steve on the shoulder.
Tony started pumping his hand in and out, Steve's mouth wide open as he twisted his grip in the sheets above his head, gasping for air.
"M'Kay, remember to see me next week about that phone!" Just like that, he was gone. Steve couldn't help but picture Tony as a little tornado, always on the move.
“I thought you saw him in the lab when you got back? Isn’t that what he was mad about when he stormed off?” Sam asked.
“I can’t believe you unpacked everything, that was quick.” Tony kept digging through clothes, ruffling past Steve’s underwear drawer unphased.
He was caught off guard when the phone dinged and lit up again. Surprised, his grip on it slipped and the phone fell like a brick and smacked him right in the face.
tens- are you even listening to me??" Tony squawked out, "He's straight! He doesn't like me like that."
"15 seconds is a lifetime." Tony muttered under his breath, counting down the seconds. His hands were shaking, Steve surely noticed. Pretending to be friendly with a bunch of armed, confirmed murderers these last two weeks had been easy compared to dancing with the object of all his affections. He tried not to look Steve in the eye as he continued...5...4...3...
"Eh. You sure?" Tony looked up, "Usually people can't wait to get rid of me. I've been talking your ear off for the last two hours."
"Nothing of note in the patents, sir. I also took the liberty of searching all patents related to designs from that Stark Expo, with no results. Shall I search further back?"
Tony stood up, "Oh! I almost forgot!" And ran to his room. That brought Steve out of his dangerous train of thought, mentally scolding himself for thinking that way again. In an instant, Tony was back with a small box wrapped in gold paper. "It's a birthday present for you." He held it out, and Steve gingerly took it.
“Good, and everyone in the tower is asleep right now?” He wouldn’t want to run into anyone else, especially when he didn’t know how they might react to seeing a Tony from another dimension.
“Sir assured me that you would be on the same mission he is, as yours is an exact mirror universe to ours. There should be no deviancy in your actions from his. He asked me to not interfere with your work, and to treat you as I would treat him. I had to override my protocols when it seemed that Mr. Rogers was in danger.”
was here instead. And let me tell you, I wish we could switch places too. I’m tired of this shit, and of everyone here.”
It didn’t look forced - whoever wrote this was genuinely writing backwards. It must’ve been Other-Tony. It had to be. And there was more. He read the formulas that were haphazardly scribbled underneath -
After thanking all the kitchen staff for the wonderful meal and asking them for some recommendations,  he drove to a shop just a few minutes away. There, he found what he was looking for. They even put everything in a bright red bag for him. Excited about his find, he made his way back to his hotel to start getting ready for his trip back.
Tony squeezed his asshole tight, and pushed up, grinding against Steve’s already swollen balls, pulling Steve down for a blinding kiss. Steve tried to pull back, tried to say that he should slow down - he couldn’t hold on with him moving like that - if he kept grinding his tight, hot ass against him he would - fuck, he would-
And since when did Tony Fucking Stark want to talk about things, anyways? It was easier for them to settle in, and pretend nothing happened. It was easier to keep to themselves, to give him a nod or a friendly greeting in passing. It was easier for Tony too. And soon enough, it was easier to just avoid them altogether.
"I'm happy to hear that." She smiled. "It's good to know that he's made friends with you all. I was worried when he first told me everyone was moving in, but it seems you all care about each other as much as I care about him."
"You don't have to worry." She said as she sat in the loveseat on the other side of the table. "No one's gonna take your boyfriend's spot."
"I will. I'm not going anywhere, ma'am." Steve was deadly serious. No matter how Tony viewed him - as a teammate, as a friend - as something more, or even if not - he made a vow to himself right then to always be by Tony's side.
"Ah.." he tried to keep quiet, a leftover habit from being in the Army. Sometimes though, when he was really worked up, he couldn't help but let a moan slip by. After squirting some lotion on, he wrapped his fingers around the base and gave himself a few slow pulls.
this morning to help me with the technical stuff. She got me all caught up. I think I'm ready for today, thanks to you two." He walked over and smiled down at the handsome man, hair disheveled, still in half a crumpled suit, socks riding down, his cheek red and imprinted with lines from the pillow he'd set under him. Yep. Definitely handsome.
Just a little something I whipped up last night instead of sleeping, at the end there, to kind of show how I envisioned them at the restaurant in their tiny little booth :)
"Gotcha!" Tony celebrated, "Yeah. Then I could've put A.S.S. on all my initials instead." Steve burst out laughing.
He slumped down, body heavy, catching his breath. He tried to hold on to the sounds of Tony's voice, the feeling of his body, but that all slipped away, and soon all he had left was a hazy memory of a dream.
“I’m sure Morgan will love it.” Steve smiled back. Tony slipped his hands around him and they held each other close. Soon, they would have a little addition to their happy family.
Steve blinked and realized he was the only Avenger still sitting. Everyone had gotten up for the meet and greet. Had it really been an hour already?! He shuffled some papers around in front of him, feigning interest in whatever his notes said - the pages were blank  - then, when the tent in his pants was under control again, he stood up and made his way down the steps and into the VIP section. He caught a glimpse of Tony on the other side of the park, and started to make his way over when he was intercepted by Sam and Bucky.
"Pepper is CEO, and she's on my side. But we can't do it without majority vote from the board." Tony frowned as he stuck a fork into his strawberry shortcake. No one should be this upset while eating cake, Steve thought, and vowed to himself that he would help Tony in any way possible.
The waiter came by to take their empty plates and was back a moment later with a small dessert. a piece of chocolate cake, adorned with berries, and one fork to share. It was surrounded by a chocolate drizzle, in the shape of a heart.
“Oh. Uh, of course, yes.” Steve tried to be polite, but was scanning the room for Tony. He’d lost sight of him, and didn’t know how to get out of this conversation without just shoving her off.
Tony would take his worry the wrong way if he yelled like this, but god, was it hard to keep his emotions in check right now.
Crap, he’d hoped he could avoid seeing anyone on today’s mission. That’s why he chose the middle of the night on a Sunday, hoping most of the tower’s residents would sleep in. He didn’t exactly feel like explaining dimensional travel to the team, and he didn’t want to waste time with distractions when he had more than enough experiments to work on while here.
your dick!” She corrected, and they were in a full out bellow now, cracking up until they were out of air. Finally a few minutes later, Pepper nudged him with her foot. “So, what now? You gonna go try to play friendly?”
" Tony scrambled to sit upright. "That's not what I was... It's not like I'm saving a seat or anything. I was just tired."
"Wow." Tony was panting, staring at him, trying to catch his breath and wondering if he was really seeing the beautiful supersoldier kneeling before him, or if this was some delirious dream from lack of sleep.
“Sunshine?” Tony grimaced. It sounded like the Other-Tony was just as cheesy as this Steve. Maybe he should’ve measured the amount of endorphins shooting around in this universe. Too bad he didn’t have a PET scanner around here.
"Hey Tony!" Steve stood up, and then immediately realized that he might look way too excited right now. He patted the open chair next to his, walking to the kitchen to make it look like he got up to grab Tony's food. "We saved you some. I'll get it."
He got to meet with Fury, which knocked his libido down a few pegs. They talked about the Avenger's and SHIELD's role in Tony's new project, which Fury wasn't happy about, but allowed. He said it would be approved on his end, as long as Steve made sure everything was 'above board.' He knew that really meant they wanted him to keep an eye on Tony, which was so infuriating. He wished everyone could see Tony the way he did - a selfless, generous, albeit ambitious man. But if it would help make Tony's project easier, then he would keep his mouth shut and take Fury's approval of providing security in stride. Thankfully, Fury was also understanding about letting Steve set his own office hours for the time being, to manage both his SHIELD duties and the Avengers.
busy with work and just didn't have time to talk. But whatever the case, at least he knew that Tony really did care. Steve went into his room and finished all his packing that night, before falling into a dreamless sleep.
"Noooo," Tony protested as Steve pulled him in by the arm. "Steve, you know you can use my personal stylist anytime, right? I'll even pay him to fly down here and see you. You really don't need to keep shopping at department stores."
“Please, Steve! S-stop! I’m gonna….” Tony choked out, squeezing the base of his cock, face twisted and straining. Steve finally stopped, and looked up from between his legs, innocently tilting his head to the side with a dopey smile, proud of himself for making Tony go wild with pleasure. Tony grumbled at him. “Menace. You’re a fucking menace.” He stuck out his other hand, offering the small bottle, and Steve took the lube. “If you don’t get inside me before I pop, I’ll be very upset with you.” Tony warned.
Steve was trying to process everything. Tony thought they were married for some reason. He didn’t remember Ultron, he thought Jarvis was still in charge of the Tower. He looked at Tony very carefully, and started to notice some oddities of his own.
“No. He was mad because I..I...may have yelled at him for going to another dimension without telling anyone. I guess I could’ve...asked him to keep me informed in a more civil manner.”
Tony then tangled his hand into Steve's hair and yanked his head back, sucking on his throat, knowing how much the big guy loved having his hair pulled, and probably figuring it would offer a nice distraction while he slipped the first digit in. Steve moaned, loud and hard, feeling the burning sting of Tony's finger pushing inside him. It didn't hurt too much, mostly it just felt...different. The sensation was overpowered by how hot his face was from Tony angling his head to reach his neck better, biting and licking him through the worst of it.
“You’re….still here.” Tony flatly observed. Steve felt that burn again. The burn he tended to feel when Tony opened his mouth around him lately. It hurt - it was a wish that things could be better again, but knowing they were only going to get worse every time he allowed Tony to get to him. And Tony
for you, Tony. He questions you. He lets you be yourself, but still reigns you in when you need it. He isn't afraid of your superhero lifestyle. He
No hate on LOST, sorry!! 😅 I haven't even watched it, actually. That's just what I've heard. If you love Lost, let me know why in the comments and I might give it a shot once I have some free time!
Tony spun around, slamming the notebook on the control panel face-down. He hadn’t heard anyone come in. It was Steve. Fuck. Of
"I'm going to get all high and mighty on their asses." Steve folded his arms. "Let me talk to them."
"This isn't for anything fancy." Steve led them around, looking for something. "It'll be fun, you'll see." Finally, he found it. The men's swimsuit section. "Here!"
"Yep!" He started to walk over, slowly, trying to take in everything he was seeing. He recognized parts of the armor, but everything else was a mystery to him, like falling into an alien world all over again. It all looked so futuristic, even by 2012 standards.
"Pancakes!" Clint was somehow up and awake now. That was unusual. Normally Clint was the last to drag himself out of bed. Steve looked around, the coffee pot was full, pancakes were stacking up and smelling great. So where was Tony?
That's it then! He had plenty of experience in recon and forming battle plans, he would just need to put those skills to use. He stood up, and was about to walk out when - ding! His washing machine slowed to a stop. That's right, got to finish this first. He moved everything to the dryer and sat back down. He could start in a couple hours, after all.
After a few seconds though, something was off. It was too quiet...he opened his eyes and looked up, Tony staring down at him with a shocked expression, unmoving. He hadn't even taken his fingers out yet.
Tony looked at him that way before? No, surely not. They had been close, the team even teased them sometimes about how much time they liked to spend together, but Tony had never made a move, so Steve assumed his feelings were one-sided. "I mean, we were friends before."
“I should make a somloi galuska to celebrate!” Wanda squealed. “Vis, come help me! We have to honor new love!” She skipped to the kitchen, and Vision followed, but not before throwing an awkward thumbs up in their direction. Tony supposed he might still be learning human interactions, but he gave a hesitant thumbs up in return. It would be interesting to learn about those two, to say the least.
“It’ll be okay, Sunshine.” Steve whispered into his ear, and planted a soft kiss on his temple. Tony shivered, he wasn’t used to all this attention from Steve, but he loved it, and he didn’t even have time to process how much that nickname made him weak in the knees before Sam and Bucky were walking into the room.
." Steve grinned, lowering his head a little so he could meet Tony's eyes again. When he did, he saw a little glimmer of hope in there. "I think it's actually impossible for me to lie. You can count on me, I won't let you down, Tony. Not now, not ever. You're my family now."
"For shame, Cap." Tony wagged his finger at him. "But don't fret. I'll get you connected to the rest of the world in no time. Jarvis? Would you set Steve up with a Stark email and make accounts for a couple major apps - whatever you think he'll like. Set default passwords for now and help him change those once he gets back to his room."
"What the hell" he breathed, and realized he'd made it. Somehow, he was back on solid ground - and alive. "What just happened? Please tell me nobody kissed me."
So that's what he did. It was a nice view, he got some great landscape drawings in, and took some photos to reference if he wanted to go back and paint it later. He met a few locals at a cozy little bar, and one of them offered a cabin next to the lake that he could rent for the night.
"Oh." Tony took the cup and downed it, making his way back to the pot for a fill-up. "Okay. Well, did you guys go over the tax incentives-"
"Tony!" Steve gasped as he came, his mind reeling from just having woken up like this. He was laying on his stomach, face down, moaning into his pillow. Still in a fog, and still hard as rocks, he kept pumping his hips into his mattress, chasing the friction.
“You put yourself down.” Steve sighed. “And you make me out to be this perfect being. I’m not, Tony. I’m far from perfect.”
He also learned from chatting with the construction crew that a large part of it all was thanks to Tony Stark. Not only did Tony fund a lot of the rebuild, he was also constantly emerging from his lab with easier and faster ways to complete the work that Steve thought would be insurmountable just a few days ago.
"Look." Rhodey put on his best Colonel voice. "Here are the facts. You just finished telling me how the two of you spent the entire weekend on what amounts to a couple's vacation." Rhodey put his hand up to the video screen when he saw Tony try to argue. "And don't think I haven't seen your Instagram post of the two of you half naked together. Nice Caltech shorts, by the way. Did you even see the way he's looking at you in that picture? He basically has heart eyes. And you expect me to believe he isn't even a little bit interested after all that?"
“Oh? Didn’t I?” Clint escaped Natasha’s grasp and wagged his finger. “I’ve been playing the long-con. Who convinced Stark that the Avengers’ leaders should have matching Christmas sweaters? Who got these two knuckleheads in the same bed together? And who got them to confess their feelings yesterday? If it wasn’t for me, they would still be sulking and sad and wouldn’t have said anything if I didn’t push them into it!”
“What do you think? It was humiliating. Disgraceful. Awkward as hell.” Tony put his ice cream on the coffee table, giving up on it entirely. “I was basically groveling for them to come back. But if I
If Tony reacted this badly to finding out about Steve’s escapade - there was no way he was still interested in him. He’d probably never been interested in the first place. Other-Tony must’ve had different tastes in men. Or maybe Other-Steve was a completely different person - someone charming, and honest and loyal, completely unlike him. It was obvious that he was holding out hope for something that was impossible.
"You're so infuriating." Tony growled between tender bites and kisses. "Down the hall. Last door on the right." He ordered, and Steve diligently carried them right over, anticipation bubbling in his stomach as he felt Tony's hands fumbling with his shirt buttons.
That's how they spent that afternoon. Tony showed Steve the wonders of online streaming services, and how to have Jarvis pull up anything he wanted to watch.
"S-sorry." Steve was practically trembling with nervous energy. What could be making the person who was normally the most composed of them all behave so strangely?
Huh? He was about to text back, asking what on Earth she was taking about, when Steve walked into the room.
"But...well...." Tony got beet red in the face. Was he really that upset? "Ah! But he isn't used to the paparazzi yet! Or crazy fangirls. And fan
"Yep!" Tony smiled and snapped a picture of Steve, who had opened the pack to smell it, relishing his gift. "It's a good thing you weren't too disappointed at Dodger Stadium today, I didn't exactly have a backup gift, and the originals are hard to find. But I know some people so-" Tony stopped, Steve was crying. He rushed down and put his hands on the soldier's arms. "Hey, hey! Oh shit, I fucked up didn't I? Steve, I'm sorry. Here, let me get rid of it."
“Tony?” He mumbled out, eyes heavy, voice still rough with sleep. He struggled to make out the figure of the man who was in his bed for some reason.
"I...I wasn't spying on you or anything" Tony rushed his words. "It's just that you have the same kind of phone I have, and Jarvis uses it to monitor your health condition, you know in case he needs to call for emergency help. He doesn't keep data of it, it's not like I'm using your vitals for anything. And well, he tried to bring you down himself but he said you weren't responding so he patched me through. I should've told you sooner but I didn't think about it, I'm sorry."
"Sorry, Tony." Steve got up and poured a cup for the man. "I didn't want to wake you. You needed the sleep. I hope you don't mind, I called Miss Potts-"
"Of course." Bruce picked up the package of strawberries, taking them to the sink, and Natasha walked in shortly after.
What she meant when she said it was a shame that he always put Pepper first in their relationship. Tony
"I thought...I'd let you...mmm...decide if we should take it slow if you...ah...if that's what you want..." Tony moaned between Steve trying to lick his way back into his mouth.
Just to be completely sure everyone knows- that's not really how the US's involvement in WWII went down (Steve's speech might imply that it was to help Jewish/LGBT/disabled/etc people in need during the Holocaust) - in reality, their involvement was in response to Pearl Harbor. It just so happened that as a result of their defeat of Nazi forces, in defense of democratic nations, many concentration camps were liberated, but that was never the main goal of the military - most soldiers didn't even know there was a genocide going on at the time until they were literally at the front gates.
“I know that.” Tony shuffled his feet. “But...what if they don’t like that we’re together now? What if they don’t approve of us?”
Steve turned around to see Pepper running up to him. He'd spent some time shaking hands with some of the board members after the meeting, sincerely thanking them for their time. His suspicions were correct - some of these people weren't so bad, they had just lost sight of what was important, and needed someone to guilt them into doing the right thing.
His mind swirled with ideas, and he couldn’t contain himself any longer. He decided to call it a night - he’d go get cleaned up and probably stay up late overthinking every angle of this date - but it would all be worth it if he could get another kiss tomorrow night.
"We both know that's bullcrap." Natasha flicked Steve in the arm in punishment. "I'm going to let you off the hook. But just so you know, you have a good shot with him. That's coming from a reliable source."
"Don't think I haven't checked up on you, Rogers." Tony teased as they walked over to the elevator. "I mean honestly, a Motel 6? It's inexcusable. Today you'll see what luxury is."
would be the bad influence for once. He put on his most mischievous grin, and held Tony close. “Why don’t we take today off? We can hang out with the team. Play video games, watch a movie?”
“Jarvis, initiate security protocol!” They both stood, waiting for something to happen, but nothing did. After a few long, tense seconds, Tony pulled up his faceplate with one shaky hand. “Why is my HUD down? Jarvis?! Scan this guy! Who the fuck is he? How did he get in here?”
"I suppose..." Tony trailed off, his gaze seemed distant. Steve deflated, that was it then. He started to turn around and walk out, when a hand grabbed his. "Wait." Steve turned back, looking at Tony expectantly. The other man still looked far away, the same look he would get when solving a difficult equation.
Steve couldn't argue with Tony there. He'd picked a spa treatment for Tony as their last stop before dinner. Originally, he was just going to let Tony have his fun and wait outside, but it seemed Tony wasn't going to let him miss out. But the treatment included a mani/pedi, face mask, scrub, massage and countless other small add-on's that Steve couldn't even name.
“Uh, yeah.” Steve cleared his throat. He hadn’t listened to anything she’d just said. “That’s...amazing.”
in that universe, came here, crawled into my bed in the middle of the night, and we had sex because he thought I was his husband, and I thought he was
"Mm." Tony mumbled as the waiter thankfully interrupted the awkward vibes with plates of tacos and enchiladas. "Well don't fill up too much. You're getting a snack at our next stop."
"Guess so." Tony smiled back. Neither one wanted to move, but Jarvis unfortunately had to speak up again.
"Just let him coddle you. He'll be happy if you just promise to be safe and call once in a while." Natasha pointed out.
“But I didn’t.” Tony cut in. He took a deep breath, clearly trying to keep himself composed. “I did the math right. It’s not my fault. I knew it would work - I just didn’t account for a small change in direction in recent history. FRIDAY, where’s that simulation I asked for?”
“I’m so sorry.” Steve pulled him in, and somehow Tony found himself buried in Steve’s chest. His warm, broad, safe....god how could he fall for him all over again?
He didn't need a note to know that these were all from Tony. It had been a couple days since he'd seen the man, and it was nice to know that Tony seemed to be extending a peace offering. He sat at the table a few more minutes, looking over the manual for the repair kit, when he suddenly jolted up. Crap! This meant that Tony had come by today and Steve had missed him!
"Uh, yeah." Steve wanted, more than anything, to stay with Tony, to joke around and have a good time. But he didn't trust himself not to do something stupid right now. He needed some time to clear his head, and more importantly, shake off all this built up lust. "I was going to, but I just remembered, Fury wanted to talk about bringing me back into the office, so I thought I'd go see him today."  It was only a half-lie. He really did mean to meet with Fury soon. Might as well do that today.
"No. I think...I didn't make it clear enough. I don't think he knows I asked him on a date. I'm pretty sure he thinks it's just dinner, he was really nonchalant about it."
"It's for you, our world traveler!" Clint came up and plucked the presents from his hands, placing them on the gift table. "You're not supposed to bring presents to your own 'Welcome Home' party you know."
studied the supersoldier serum, after all - and thank goodness for that - he wouldn’t have to waste even a second to explain. So he pulled out and flipped Tony around onto his stomach, eager to make him feel good.
It was a long minute before either of them said anything. Steve was starting to think he should try to lighten the mood a bit. He pulled back his hand and Tony's face shot back up at that.
“Thanks, Nat. I’ll get ready.” He saw Natasha out and went back to his room to start changing. He had no idea how he could’ve forgotten about today. And how he could’ve done something
"That's barely anything!" Steve had never seen a smaller garment, except maybe on the men in the Las Vegas billboards.
"Yeah. But I found out a lot about myself on that trip, and found good reasons to stay." Steve smiled at Tony. "But yes, there was a time when I wanted those kinds of things. Family, stability. Maybe with Peggy, but maybe not. It's not like we were dating, but that was definitely something to look forward to after the war. Now, I'm here, and it seems like the war never ended. It feels like being an Avenger might be a full time thing, and I'm not sure how a family would fit into the picture. It's something I still want, but it would be hard to find balance. I'd need to be able to completely rely my partner. After finding out about those wicked things SHIELD wanted to do with the scepter, it's just hard to trust again, you know? What if I don't know what's right and wrong in this new age? How can I trust myself to raise a kid if I don't even know what's going on around me?"
It was 11:30 when Steve finally decided to go ahead and head down to the garage with his bags. He figured he could always call Tony from the road, and he was feeling restless and really wanted to get a move-on. He was securing the last of his bags when Tony came barreling in through the elevator with something under his arm.
"Sure. I'll be there." Steve watched as Tony ran out the back door, towards the garage. He wondered if he'd crossed some line, but it was just as likely that Tony really did have to suddenly go do something. The man was as unpredictable as the weather. Steve turned around to head back to the elevators when he spotted his Captain America helmet sitting next to the gloves Tony was working on. It was sleek, updated. Looked futuristic and simple at the same time. He turned it and saw his wings on the side, the same style as the ones on his bike helmet that Tony made for him not long ago.
Steve stared up at the ceiling, listening to the swish and tumble of the washing machine. He had to do something about it. There was no way he would wait too long to make a move again. If only it was that easy, though. Even though he was a big, strong, manly looking guy, he was actually very shy when it came down to it. Most people wouldn't spare him a second glance for most of his life, so he never learned how to properly court someone. He remembered some moves that Bucky would use on their nights out but, well, those usually ended in one night stands where Steve would pretend not to hear heels quietly tapping across the floorboards, out the door early the next morning. He didn't want that. He wanted something real, something lasting with Tony. So he had to do this right, he wouldn't mess up this chance with such an amazing, one of a kind fella.
On top of that, Steve was acting strangely today. He kept laughing, a little too much, seemingly at everything Tony said, even if it was only mildly funny. He'd hang around Tony for a bit, looking like he had something to say, then get a spooked look on his face and run off, usually to Natasha or Clint, and have a hushed conversation on the other side of the room before coming back a few minutes later, looking determined, then start the whole thing over again.
"Me, dumbass." Natasha smiled. "You're such a goner. Come find me if you need pointers to seal the deal, yeah?" She tapped his shoulder and left him standing dumbfounded in the middle of a hallway. He hoped he wasn't as transparent as she made him out to be.
“YES!” Tony wailed, and that pulled Steve back in right away. He slapped Tony again, and got another happy scream. Wow. Tony really liked this. He switched it up, giving Tony a good hard smack on his other cheek too, and that must’ve been what did it, because Tony was spilling all over the bed in the next second. Steve could feel his tight entrance fluttering around him.
“Yeah, well - small things can make a big difference.” Tony argued. “Kissing Steve that first time was purely a spur of the moment thing. If I hadn’t been stupid enough to kiss him right then and there, I would have convinced myself afterwards that you just saw me as a friend - someone to confide in - and breaking that confidence would make me a bad person. I would have probably - no,
just showered again since Dum-E blasted them, after all. But feeling Tony writhe above him, hearing him squeal and moan in ecstasy, was more than enough encouragement.
Steve had noticed that Tony always contorted himself to be as comfortable as possible. When they would go out to eat, he often pulled up a second chair to plop his feet on, or he might lean on countertops and walls at home, when chatting with the team. Right now, Tony had his legs up on the couch under him, bent to one side, feet almost touching Steve's thighs. He was leaning on the other arm of the sofa, typing away, the position accentuating his already small waist.
Finally, Steve went boneless and let his head drop back - ow. He hit the hard tile floor with the back of his head. Wait, why were they on the kitchen floor? When did they get here? The last time he wasn't blind with desire was...he'd picked up a kissing Tony and slammed him against a wall...guess it was the pantry wall. Huh. He laid there for a minute, catching his breath, when Tony started to move next to him, wriggling around until finally he was snuggled up between his chest and arm.
He already knew what he was afraid of. The real reason he didn't want Steve to leave. They'd just gotten to know each other, just started a blossoming friendship. What if Steve left, and things were different when he got back? What if it was weird, what if he forgot about Tony? What if he met some great gal in some faraway city, and moved to start a new life?
“Good. Guess I’m back in the right universe then.” They stood, watching each other for a second before it became unbearably uncomfortable. Tony coughed and walked over to the control panel. “Anyways, I’m here and I’m alive, you can go back to bed now, grandpa.” he waved Steve off as he began to unpack his things. Steve couldn’t move, his heart felt like it was stuck in his stomach, and so he quietly watched how Tony worked on the screens in front of him, manipulating the numbers and gauges effortlessly. The same screens the other Tony had just touched, only seconds ago. “FRIDAY, run another simulation on Mirror Alpha. This time, account for any changes in atomic structure after 1974. The divergence must be due to the discovery of the weak nuclear force. I don’t know why it would change anything but-”
Just seconds after they walked outside, a car pulled up to pick them up, and drove them just a couple blocks down to an inconspicuous high rise. They made their way to the rooftop, where there was a gorgeous restaurant, with only a few elegant tables surrounded by lush greenery. Steve was baffled that there was no menu available - instead the server informed them that they would be enjoying a fresh selection of seasonal vegetables, alongside exquisite meats, and perfectly paired drinks and dessert. It was probably the fanciest place Steve had ever been. But Pepper looked to be right at home, and was happy to explain what every course was as it was brought out, so he figured this must be what rich and famous people were used to.
. Then he kissed me and...well, you know.” Steve blushed. “We didn’t realize until the morning after that he wasn’t you.”
“...and I don’t even use that stupid lounge anymore anyways. We have the one downstairs! We could just covert that into a gym for you so you don’t have to go all the way to the second floor.” Tony blabbered on excitedly.
“No! I mean yes, I wanted it.” He quickly wrapped his hands around Steve’s. “God, do I want it. But, I mean...why? Why now?” He rephrased the question. Steve breathed out in relief before answering.
Somehow, he got through some semblance of a conversation, until Steve asked if he was coming upstairs. Tony decided that he needed to stay in the lab. Steve was such a good person, nice, kind and had trusted so much in Tony. He opened himself up to be friends, and had even come to Tony for help, without fear of being ridiculed.
Well, at least he’d had some good company here. Surprisingly, this Steve really knew his way around the lab, and was an excellent assistant. With the extra hands, Tony had been able to get all his experiments done in time, and even left notes for the Other-Tony to find.
as this felt, he needed to pull away. Steve obviously thought he was someone else. He stifled a moan before jerking back, spreading his arms in front of him to keep Steve at a more appropriate distance. His heart was racing, his head was spinning.
“I’m not going anywhere, baby.” Steve pulled him close again, wrapping his arms around him, petting his hair. “I just know you have to work soon, so I wanted to get ready and surprise you with a warm bath and coffee.”
Steve was giggling to himself at this point, Tony really liked to go on, didn't he? He put his phone up and revved his bike back on.
“Of course they will, Tony. They’re so grateful that you helped them come home. They know it wasn’t easy for you, they saw all the hard work you went through for them. Let them show you.” Steve decided right then that
and smirked internally. For the first time ever, he was glad to be recognized for his superhero persona. It seemed no one had noticed him before this moment, as every set of eyes in front of him looked on, wide with anticipation. Pepper, the dear, sweetly introduced him.
"Yes Tony, don't worry. I'll settle in. You go keep saving New York." Steve smiled up at the pacing man, tapping away at his phone as always when he suddenly changed course for the door.
He'd only just arrived to New Orleans yesterday, falling in love with the city right away. It wasn't his usual scene, but everyone was so friendly and willing to talk to him. The streets featured parades, colorful flags and fun, albeit drunk, party-goers. Deciding to spend the weekend here, he finished his breakfast and left the crowded cafe to head out to the docks nearby to see if anyone was willing to chat with him this morning. He wanted to find a jazz club in town. He'd never actually been to one, but remembered swing was popular before the war.
"Ha ha. I tried to tell you. I tried telling you a lot of things, actually. Sorry it took me so long." Steve was on cloud nine, finally on a real date with Tony.
"Heh, well, I don't know." Steve blushed, it really wasn't his place to take all the credit. "I didn't do all that much. You guys did all the hard work. I just told 'em my honest opinion, that's all. Besides, I think a lot of em' were giving me the stink eye on the way out. Don't get your hopes up too high on my account. Williams practically barreled through me to leave."
They ended the afternoon with an early dinner at an Italian restaurant near the hotel. It wasn't fancy, in fact the place was a little worn down. The food was good, but not spectacular. However, Steve cherished every moment of it, if only to see the shine in Tony's eyes while he excitedly translated the Italian menu to Steve, recommending certain dishes and telling him all about his mother's Italian heritage. It was while Tony was (incorrectly) reciting the words to an old Italian lullaby his nanny used to sing to him, that Steve thought to himself,
The other thing they still hadn't... let's just say Steve still considered himself a virgin, even though they had done plenty with their hands and mouths over the last few weeks. But Steve was determined to change that tonight, their first night back home after their completed road trip, and the first night they were officially moved in together.
Tony was still dumbfounded by their extremely cavalier attitude about all this, but Steve was apparently unaffected.
Tony rinsed himself off in a hurry, a plan forming in his mind. He jumped out of the shower, throwing on whatever clothes he found nearby, and ran to the elevators.
“S-Steve…don’t...” Tony weakly whimpered, but he found that he wasn't pulling away, instead he was desperately clutching on to Steve. This is where he wanted to be. This is where he
"Sure, baby." Steve gave in, so easily. He was a little nervous though, they'd never shared a shower together. In fact, there were a lot of things they still hadn't done together, which was fine, really. He'd have the rest of his life for firsts with Tony. For instance, they still hadn't used the word 'love' in front of the other. That was fine, Steve figured he would wait until he knew this was a sure thing. Really though, every day with Tony had been better than the last, and he couldn't imagine a life without him anymore.
"Our snacks are ready! Race you!" Tony immediately regretted saying that when Steve flew past him, and by the time he made it to the dugout lounge, Steve already had half a hot dog stuffed in his face, laughing at Tony who wheezed his way over.
“The way he talked about Other-me...it was unreal. He went on and on about how kind Tony was, and thoughtful and loving and I thought...I thought it really sounded like the universe screwed up. Like that Other Tony belonged here, with the rest of you, not me. I’m none of those things, Steve. You probably couldn't tell me about Bucky because I wasn't transparent with you either, why would you trust me with that? I
“It’s almost 9, man.” Sam moved slightly, he was probably just going to lean on the doorframe, but Steve panicked, quickly turning off his phone’s screen and shoving it into his pocket. Sam raised an eyebrow at him. “You alright?”
Surprisingly, that's where he was met with some resistance. Specifically from one billionaire, philanthropist engineer.
"Tomorrow. Do you have anything planned? I want to return the favor. We'll celebrate your birthday tomorrow, all on me." Steve took both of Tony's hands and turned him so he could look him in the eye. "I won't even wake you up before 11. And there'll be cake. You gotta let me! Please?" He tried his best puppy eyes and Tony laughed, pushing his face away.
He tried to pay attention to the meeting, putting his phone on silent, though he couldn't help but peek every couple of minutes. One particular photo, a stunning view of Steve's firm ass in tight dark denim, was enough to make him whimper. Pepper shot him a glare, and he quickly texted back, hoping Natasha would show him some mercy.
"You know, Stark says we should put you in more blues." Natasha said, without looking up from her phone.
It was more than that, though. Yes, Steve was aware that he had a crush on the man. That much was obvious now. But it was like an obsession, his every mood affected so strongly by his interactions with the genius. He yearned for Tony's attention. Like an addiction, he would seek him out, do almost anything to make the other man laugh, or talk to him, or touch him.
“That wasn’t too bad, right?” Sam breathed a sigh of relief. “I thought for sure Fred from KPIN News was going to crucify us up there, but he was chill enough. I love his Rowdy sports Recap segment.”
In the coming days and weeks, Steve saw Tony open up more and more. He was so unbelievably proud, it felt like his heart was going to explode at seeing Tony so happy, with his friends, with him, with life in general. It’s what he’d always wanted. When he met Tony that first day on the helicarrier, all he’d seen then was a lonely man, overcompensating, quick to analyze everything and everyone, his defenses always up. Even then, being his friend was never enough. Steve wanted to get through to him. But he made so many mistakes along the way, thinking he could outsmart Tony, or trick him, or change their circumstances in his favor, when all that planning and lying was never even necessary. All he needed after all, was to be honest with Tony, and the rest fell into place, like it was meant to be.
I don’t want to miss out on that. I know why Other-Tony called Steve his Sunshine now. Because that’s what you are to me.
Steve was still stuck on the fact that they would be sharing a room. As they boarded the elevator alone, Steve holding all their sushi, and Tony scrolling on his phone, he began to wonder what that might mean.
"There's no other time. The bride and family are secure, the goons will get suspicious soon. Get under that skylight, NOW Stark. " Natasha left no room for discussion.
said she’d like to meet with Steve in the past.” Wanda piped in. Everyone looked over, it wasn’t usual to hear her chime in on gossip like this. “I just think she really likes you, is all.”
“I don’t think that’s true.” Pepper shook her head. “You know you’re all those things too, right? You are kind, always so giving for those who need it, and deserve it. You’re charming when you need to be. And Tony, seriously? You’re the most thoughtful person I know. Hell, you hung yourself out to dry just to bring the team back together. You think they’re all only here because of Steve, but
“Wait! Tony, what are you-” Steve yelled, throwing his arms up to cover his face, but Tony screamed right back through the helmet.
He couldn’t believe how stupid he’d been just days ago - wondering how he and Tony could move in together to the penthouse so quickly after having sex for the first time. It was ironic, now he didn’t know how he would be able to stay away.
“Of course it’s okay, silly.” Steve’s eyes followed Tony as he reached over to the nightstand and opened the drawer, pulling out a small bottle of lube. Shit, how did Tony know that was in there? Though, it probably wasn’t really a stretch to keep such things in nightstands.
Steve wiggled his arm a little and Tony jerked his head up, realizing Steve was at his destination, and immediately let go.
Last night, he'd had the foresight to set an alarm for this morning so he wouldn't sleep in again and miss his checkout. He was still a little tired though, seeing how he stayed up for hours talking to Tony. They chatted about all the things Steve should watch and listen to when he got back to the tower. Tony even made Steve a playlist of his favorite music through the ages while they were on the phone, and had Jarvis set it up to play while he drove to San Francisco today.
"Yes." Steve reached up and pushed Tony's hair out of his face, settling his hand on the back of his head, just now realizing how much he meant it. Here he was, happier than he ever thought possible, with this man who's very touch grounded him, made him feel at home in a world he thought was no longer for him. "I love you, with all my heart." He simply stated. Someday, he would tell Tony about every way he was loved, every reason, and he would have the rest of their lives to do so.
"He knows how to use his phone, Tony. Calm down." Natasha -what a relief - was finally stepping in. "He's been practicing GPS with Jarvis, and besides, he's a big boy  - in case you haven't noticed." She winked at Tony, who flinched at that, "And I know you've noticed."
" Pepper smiled. "Why don't you tell him something actually useful, like how to catch a ride around town?"
- talked myself out of doing anything else about my weird budding feelings for you at the time. And I wouldn’t have ever acted on them. By the same token, my Steve probably only came back to me a few nights later because the kiss weighed on him, he probably mulled it over, and came to the conclusion that being with me was worth a shot. I doubt he would have considered it, or ever made a move if I hadn’t kissed him that night.”
"I know it won't be easy. We're going to support you anyways. It didn't take much convincing, as soon as I told everyone what we were doing, they gladly offered to help." Steve walked over to Tony, crouching down in front of him and took the man's hands in his. Tony met his fierce gaze. "You've done so much for all of us. For me. You gave me a home. Shared your life and your friends with me. You can trust me, can't you Shellhead?"
The last few days had been a whirlwind. There was so much history to see in the big cities, Steve wanted to stop at every museum and landmark he could find. He resolved that after D.C. he would try to start talking to people. So far, he'd been keeping to himself, easily getting lost in the crowds without being recognized. It was nice to be able to move at his own pace, anonymous, only stopping whenever he wanted to get a hotel for the night. But the whole reason for the trip was to get to know the American people, get to know his country all over again, and learn where he fit in. So after today, he would be making more stops in small towns, trying to stay off the beaten path.
Steve would forever remember every dip, every turn, every laugh that they shared that night. If he couldn't tell Tony how he felt with his words, he was sure going to try his damndest to tell him with his body.
"I don't think I'll be doing any heavy lifting, but I could definitely help with the integration to the old power structure, and converting the reactor output to usable wattage. I could probably translate if needed too, Tajik is pretty close to Farsi, I could learn it by then. It would be fun." Bruce said as he inspected one of Thor's hairs through a microscope. Steve chuckled at Bruce's idea of 'fun', but if he was enthusiastic about helping, then all the better.
"I'm getting you started." Steve settled in, knowing it would be a long night, but completely worth it.
Steve gasped a long breath. A voice. This one he could understand. His vision, which was blurry and dark a second ago, began to focus on a light nearby.
Tony presented himself so lewdly, wiggling his ass in the air, looking back at Steve in the most mischievous way, without an ounce of shame, and it worked - Steve pounced back on him. He slid back in, all the way to the hilt easily, cooling spunk oozing out around him.
“Tony, really?” Steve let out an exasperated scoff. “I’ve been worried sick about you, looking for you, praying to God that you’re alright, and you’re just...look, you think we don’t care about you, but how are we supposed to show you that we care when you won’t even tell us what’s going on?"
He almost did a spit take, but caught himself at the last minute, coughing a bit into his napkin before swallowing and going for his water. He didn't know what that question could mean. Was his crush that obvious? No, she must just mean, how are we doing as
He teased him with small, soft bites to his cheeks that made Tony break out into breathy giggles. He pushed his tongue past his puckering hole, feeling Tony tighten around the wet muscle, and was surprised when he realized how silky and smooth it was inside. He closed his eyes, using both hands to spread Tony’s cheeks, burying his face against him, delving as deep as he could go to chase that velvety skin. He pulled back when he finally noticed the hand tugging relentlessly at his hair.
That's not to downplay the great sacrifices of those veterans, but just to educate in case people have somehow read this and watched Captain America movies, but haven't read up on WWII.
"Huh?" Steve snorted and blinked his eyes open, they were already outside the tower. He'd fallen over onto Tony's shoulder at some point, snoring on the poor guy. "Shit, sorry about that. Guess I'm more tired than I thought."
“Hey, J.” Tony started to unzip one of his bags, taking out a few rudimentary objects to use in his observations. “You do have access to the whole tower, right?”
"Someone at SHIELD recommended it..." It technically wasn't a lie. He was mentally kicking himself, he should've checked the place out before letting Natasha convince him to come here. Steve warily sat down, trying to make himself as small as possible so he wouldn't push right up against Tony's side. It would've been cozy, if it wasn't so utterly nerve-racking.
Jarvis took a long pause before answering again. "I'm sorry Captain. It seems Sir has some time sensitive projects that will require his attention all night. I can relay a message, if you'd prefer."
Natasha was currently torturing Tony as he sat in a meeting room. She wouldn't stop sending delicious photos of Steve in clothes that looked like they were painted on his skin. Since this whole 'get Steve's wardrobe updated' operation had been his idea, Tony sent a over few suggestions.
"C'mere, sweetheart." Steve brought his lips back down, kissing Tony so hard, he saw stars. It was enough. Enough to settle the erratic storm in his mind, enough to allow him to let go of his self deprecating insecurities, and just enjoy himself here and now with the man who had always made him smile, always made him feel safe and happy, the man he truly loved.
“Can you tell her I’m on my way, Fri?” Tony whimpered into his HUD. FRIDAY wouldn’t tell anyone if he shed a tear or two in the privacy of his own suit.
“Maybe in your deluded head.” Bucky picked up the TV remote and started to flip through channels. “From what I’ve seen, you always blow up at each other. I bet if you really tried to be nice for once, he would be nice to you too.”
At least, that's what Tony kept telling himself as he lugged Steve's bike into his lab and initiated lockdown mode.
"Want to dance?" He put down his finished drink and held out a hand to Tony. Tony's smile turned to shock as he turned to look at him.
"They hardly qualify as a school." Tony grabbed the shorts. "You get a pass. Only because I'm posting a picture of you on my Instagram for my 1.2 million followers to enjoy." Steve did know all about Tony's MIT pride, and even in the 40's, big colleges had rivalries. So, to his delight, he was excited when Jarvis quietly informed him that MIT's rival university was right here in California, and finding school gear in LA was all too easy. They checked out and went back to their rooms, having way too much fun modeling for Jarvis as he took pictures of them in their new gear. They eventually settled into the hot tub, which was a relaxing way to spend the rest of their morning. As they chatted about nothing, Steve tried to keep his eyes to himself. He'd seen pictures of Tony's reactor in his SHIELD profile, but had never seen it up close. It looked a lot more...alive in person.
“You said...you said we aren’t your team.” Steve fidgeted with the edge of his blanket, draped over his broad shoulders, barely covering him to his waist. “But we
Steve walked alongside Tony without another word. He didn’t want to spook him, and at least for the moment - it seemed Tony was being amicable and coming home. That was enough for now - he could try to pull Tony aside later for a private apology, away from the rest of the team. He’d just have to get over this. Tony was obviously not interested, but was at least talking to him now. This was as good as it was going to get, and he should just be thankful for that much.
"It's easy! Come on, I'll lead!" Tony practically bounced to the dance floor. He guided them to a dark corner, where no one would get in the way, and positioned Steve's arms, one holding Tony's hand, and the other at his waist. They both paused for a split second, remembering that morning, when Steve woke up gripping Tony right there. Shaking it off, Tony looked back up and started his lesson.
him of all things. Didn't sleeping with him prove otherwise? Did he think Steve did this out of malice? He wished he could find Tony to ask him these things. But it seemed that wasn’t happening anytime soon. He just hoped that Tony was okay. He had called Tony's friends in desperation, and although they couldn't, or perhaps
"Oh. Of course. I mean, yes. Sure. I'd love to." Steve didn't know why Pepper made him so nervous, but he wasn't about to deny her request. The last thing he wanted to do was get on her bad side.
And just as handsome as ever. You could really see the light brown streaks in his hair on a sunny day like this. It looked so soft and pretty, it probably smelled nice too. Would probably feel like silk if he could run his fingers through it. The way his throat moved when he would talk - Steve wondered if it would taste the same as Other-Tony if he were to bite down on him. He’d kiss the spot, and lick him gently afterwards in apology, of course. He had so much apologizing to do. So much to make up for. He’d show Tony just how sorry he was. Maybe he could make Tony come with just his tongue. He’d love to hear the wonderful moans coming from him - would he sound just as desperate as Other-Tony had? Could Steve make him fall apart in his arms like he had before? Oh no, he was far away now. Why was Tony so far?
Steve was glad to hear that, actually. As they worked, he explained Tony's project to them as well, and they wholeheartedly agreed to help in any way they could.
“Shut up. Come with me to go say hi, guys. I wanna see if he’ll let me tag along next Patriots game.” Sam grabbed Bucky’s hand, pulling him along.
Images of their day together flashed in his mind. He loved seeing Steve happy. And yes, maybe it was self-destructive to let himself get so close to someone like this - someone brave and handsome and sweet, funny, sensitive...but Steve deserved the very best. Tony would make sure that Steve was happy as much as possible, even if it was from the sidelines. Tony chuckled to himself, this must be what it's like for Rhodes and Pep. God, it was exhausting. He'd have to remember to get them some 'just because' gift baskets when he got home.
Steve woke up to the faint, but unfamiliar light of dawn peeking in through the enormous penthouse windows. He basked in semi-consciousness, the comfortable scent and warmth of Tony grounding him, surrounding him. When he finally came to, he found his sweetheart was still sleeping soundly in his arms. He watched the man,
“I’m back!” Tony gleefully announced into Steve’s chest, loving how cuddly his husband was being this morning. “I missed you.”
"Shit, hold on, there's a car driving by. Waiting on the street to clear. Just stay on the dance floor a little longer," Nat buzzed in to their ears. "Extraction team will enter in 15 seconds. Can you two be slightly more convincing for that long, please?"
“Right?” She giggled and wrapped her long fingers around his arm. It made the hairs on the back of his neck prickle. “I’ve got to say - it’s too bad we haven’t been able to spend more time together. You should come by the studio and say hi sometime.”
Steve jumped and dropped his phone. Thankfully it landed in a patch of grass, so he picked it up and dusted it off. He was trying to get used to Jarvis. The AI would often help him navigate, and would answer Steve's inquiries for suggestions and recommendations. But when Jarvis spoke unprovoked, it was a little jarring.
"Glad to hear it." Tony scrunched up his nose at the Mets hat. "I could never be a Mets fan. Hey, Birdbrain, heads up!" He yelled right before throwing the other hat at Clint.
"Oh she's just about the only good soul in there." Tony flashed a grin, "I'm surprised she let you get away though. I'm sure she would've loved to see you outside that suit."
He didn't need to wait as long for the next message. Or the one after that, or the next several messages to follow. He read them all, over and over, and smiled, and laughed out loud, and wiped the tears from his eyes, all the happy tears that he couldn't stop from escaping.
"I don't think so." Tony still wasn't looking up at him. "It's all my fault. I didn't want to make it public because I thought someone would use it to make weapons, but I didn't think giving the rights to the company would backfire like this. I just wanted the R&D team to be able to play with it. All this time I thought I wasn't being selfish, but it turns out I'm just like my dad. I'm no different than him!" Tony was getting louder and breathing harder, and Steve didn't want him to spiral. He pushed the food tray aside and sat next to Tony, pulling him into his chest, his own nerves be damned.
They spent hours going over everything Tony could think of, any angle the board members might try to use to throw Steve off. Thankfully, the serum made it so that Steve could retain large amounts of information quickly, and Tony was great at explaining complex concepts in a way that made it easy to understand. They reviewed the building specs. Steve learned about power distribution and how integrating the reactor would redirect a lot of the strain from increased usage. They went over the history of US conflict in the Middle East. He taught Steve about his rights as a stockholder, in case they wanted to question his being there. It was well past midnight when they were both exhausted and slouched down, only a few fluffy pillows keeping them up and awake.
Steve - was waiting for his beautiful husband to come home. They walked over to the metal frame, the machine was just starting to turn on in anticipation.
Steve didn't think his heart could go any faster, but he was wrong. Knowing that Tony was spending his free time working to protect him, to protect all their friends? What an amazing man. He stepped onto the platform, on top of a black pad just like Tony asked.
“Yeah. Thanks, Sam.” Steve let out a breath of relief. Sam always knew how to help. He waved goodbye from the door before clicking it closed again. Good. This would help. Talking it over always helped. He quickly showered and changed into some presentable clothes.
Steve got up early, and stayed in his room, talking to Jarvis to see what Tony would like to do for his late birthday celebration. Jarvis supplied several helpful suggestions, and Steve got to work calling around and setting up appointments. He then jumped in the shower and got all cleaned up and ready. After, he was bursting with excited energy, so he decided to make breakfast for them. Unfortunately, Tony had a sixth sense for coffee, so as soon as the pot was full, Steve heard slow stumbling steps coming into the kitchen.
kind of spring the Accords on them." Pepper reached over to place a coaster under Tony’s ice cream. "You already had all the details worked out with Ross before even talking to them. You know how they feel about him. And Steve - he was going through a lot, he'd just lost Peggy -"
“Me either.” Steve understood him. He knew they both wouldn’t last very long. But he wanted to make Tony feel amazing, that was his only goal right now, so he took a deep breath, trying to stave off his impending orgasm, and powered through. He repositioned himself, taking Tony firmly by the back of his neck. Tony’s head fell back, and he blinked up at him, his mouth open in lust.
“Oh, right. Good luck. He looked relaxed out there. I’m sure he’d be open to talking to you. Just keep it civil, man.” Sam gave him a pat and they went their separate ways. Steve knew better, though. Tony was anything but relaxed. Those who knew him well would see it right away - Steve could see if even from here. He was letting some politician talk his ear off. He wasn’t as touchy-feely as usual, keeping his hands in his pockets instead. He still hadn't taken off his sunglasses, and Tony only did that when he wanted to hide something.
It was almost 10 in the morning when Steve had finally finished cleaning his bedsheets and himself. He grabbed a notepad and pencil, and strutted downstairs, ready to form a plan. Tony would probably be in the office all day, so that gave him some time to really think. Maybe, if he was lucky, one of the other Avengers had made breakfast. Stepping off the elevator into the common area, he smelled bacon, score! Maybe Bruce or Natasha was kind enough to make some for him too -
"Yes. Correct. I mean, you can bulldoze the old containment fences, I guess. We won't need them. But anyways, I wanted to, um...well." Steve wanted to reach over and hold his hand, to give him some much needed moral support. That might freak him out though, especially in front of everyone, so instead he nudged Tony's foot and gave him a big smile and thumbs up when he looked over at him. Tony took a deep breath and continued. "Right. I wanted to thank you guys. For agreeing to help. It's, uh...it's going to be a lot of work though...so you know, just a heads up. I mean if you guys have other commitments I wouldn't mind-"
“Hey, where’s all my stuff? You didn’t leave it upstairs, did you?” Tony finally turned to look at the stunned supersoldier. “Are you okay?” He sped over to Steve, who had gone pale in the face. He reached out, taking Steve’s hand in his. “Sunshine, you’re scaring me. What’s wrong?” Tony looked up and searched Steve’s eyes.
“I know.” Tony said. “But...like when you stopped coming here.” They looked back to the patio furniture, reminding them both of countless afternoons spent going over paperwork, studying strategy, joking, laughing, doing nothing and talking about everything. “I know, looking back, that you were busy taking down Hydra. And then you were needed at the compound. And then you were looking for Bucky. But for a little while there - before all that - it felt like...like you and I were special. Like we meant a lot to each other. Then, when you moved, and you stopped coming...it's like I was losing you. Then I
“W-what?” The back of his neck felt like it was on fire now. He tried to think of a respectful way to get out of this, but was coming up blank. “Uhh...the thing is...”
able to access a lot of JARVIS’ memories when we got to Wakanda, from what I can gather. Since he and Wanda got together, he’s told her all about you. About all the good things you’ve done for people, for clean energy tech, and for science in general. She was excited to come to the tower and maybe get to see some of it in action, and see if she could learn about that stuff. She’s always looking for new ways to help people, it’s a quality you both share.”
The force of the machine was suddenly dispersed, and shards of metal were knocked loose, swinging wildly as the velocity of the particles around the failed portal struggled to slow from light speed. Steve grabbed Tony and threw them both to the ground, right as a steel beam shot over their heads, crashing into a junk pile behind them. Steve covered Tony with his body, shielding him from the debris of the explosion, and after a few more tense seconds, the horrible scraping of metal against metal stopped, and the glowing hot pile of what was once Tony's machine began to cool down.
"Night." Tony didn't look back. Steve wondered just how much 'cleaning' he was going to do, since the whole lab seemed to be in a state of disarray, but maybe it was an organized mess that he just didn't see.
how you feel." Steve made a whining sound and slumped down in his seat. "What? Big brave Captain America too scared to talk about feelings?"
“You are NOT Steve!” Tony shouted at him. “You think I don’t know my own husband!?” Steve gawked, speechless, when he heard a female voice from the speakers above him.
Anyways, happy new year to everyone out there who follows the Gregorian calendar! :) And thank you all so much for all the kind comments and kudos, they've really made the last few weeks of 2020 so much happier for me <3
We all hide ourselves Tony, so yes. We’re nothing like you - because you wear your flaws on your sleeve and let the whole world see exactly who you are, exactly what you stand for. Even if you mess up, you take responsibility and then some. You make the world a better place, and no amount of obstacles can stand in your way.”
Tony thought about it. He knew what this was about, and he wouldn't be able to run from it any longer. He really did like Steve. More than just a crush. But this was too much, too fast, and Steve was too straight. It would probably be better off for Steve to leave for a while, see the country, and leave Tony to work through his feelings and let them go. Tonight though, tonight he couldn't imagine himself looking Steve in the eyes and trying to explain himself.
"As annoying as my dad's obsession was with you," Tony randomly blurted out as he played Mortal Kombat alongside Steve, "I wish he'd gone with his original idea of giving me the middle name Steven."
Everyone had eyes on Tony then. He blinked and then straightened up and seemed to steel himself for his response.
"I guess." Tony slouched down. He wasn't so sure about that, but he supposed he could give it a try.
“Heh, you’re so cute when you’re out of it.” Tony smiled up at him. A sympathetic smile. Something Steve rarely ever saw on Tony anymore. Not for him, at least.
It was a little weird to hear a familiar voice so suddenly. But he did choke up a bit, he didn't think he'd get any calls today.
"That's what I like to hear." She pulled back, taking a sip of her champagne. "You know, for a genius, sometimes he doesn't see the obvious right in front of him. Don't give up on him, 'kay?" She winked.
Oh shit - night. Something must have happened overnight to make him act so nervous. Maybe Steve had another panic attack last night? Tony really didn't want to invade Steve's privacy, so he only asked Jarvis to alert him if Steve ever needed intervention. He hadn't received any notice last night, and if that was the case, maybe it meant that Jarvis had brought him down himself. Yesterday, the conversation at the game had gotten very personal. Steve opened up, telling Tony a lot of things that may make him feel vulnerable. And at night, when you're all alone...Tony knew all too well the effect of nightmares in the dark.
Steve woke up a little late, refreshed, and ready to start the day. Thankfully, he'd decided not to let SHIELD know he was back yet, though he was sure Fury already knew. He'd take another week off work, at least to get readjusted again, now that he had the time.
"Your dad? No way." Steve laughed. "He practically asked Peggy out on a date right in front of me while I was on my way to certain death."
“Yep.” He produced a bottle of chocolate syrup too, and she squealed in delight, motioning for him to come inside. They sat in the living room, with their ice cream and spoons - no bowls would be necessary today. They enjoyed their treat in silence until Tony sighed loudly and threw his legs over the couch arm.
It seemed Tony let them stay after all, because Natasha only made him go to a few more stores for 'accessories' (he didn't know why he would need more than one pair of sunglasses or
“You could never disappoint me.” Tony replied. “Make me blind with rage? Sure. Drive me crazy? You bet. But you would never disappoint me.” Steve hummed, unconvinced.
"So?" Tony shoulder-bumped Steve on their way out, back to the car. "Was that as horrible as you imagined?"
he wouldn't want to be part of the team with Steve around. The man who hurt him, who lied to him, who overshadowed his whole youth with his mere existence.
Tony thought back to all the times he’d put the lab on lockdown in the last few weeks, probably shunning any opportunity for anyone to come see him, talk to him, show him that they were his friends.
He shook this thought away. No. He really couldn't go and fall for the guy. Straight as an arrow Steve? Not a chance. He sighed as he walked over and flopped back on the couch.
"Oh. Good." Steve pocketed his wallet and phone, trying to recover from all this tension. "Come to the cafe with me? I want some breakfast before heading out."
“Infinity Stones, huh?” Tony wearily took a sip of his cocoa. “Sounds like some comic book stuff to me.”
"Oh! Let's go back to that Cuban place! I could go for some more dancing!" Tony gleefully suggested.
"Yeah. I'm just working on some SI stuff right now. I'll talk while I work, so you know I'm here. You know I do that all the time anyways." He winked at Steve. Steve tried to smile back, but ended up just grimacing and shivering a little.
