The doctor chuckled. “You know that Evelyn will care.”
The weight of her decision rested on her shoulders. “What do you want me to do?”
He leaned against his umbrella, his eyes scanning the moor. “Come back, Brothers Dear,” he muttered, checking his watch.
“Come in,” his youngest sibling murmured, taking coats and setting them haphazardly on a chair, “Mycroft will be glad that you’ve come.”
Not waiting, knowing that the usually overbearing Mycroft, would follow, he left the flat and made his way down the quiet halls. Making a quick stop at his office to grab his notes, which his shoved into his brother’s waiting hands, he made his way to the central courtyard. The open space was large enough to hold all the Wolves in one spot before they dispersed about the campus for their Shifts.
Averting his eyes, Sherrinford bit his lip in an effort to maintain his own shape as the sounds of Eddington’s Shift filled the gymnasium. The man’s voice cracked amid his groans, shifting to a soft yowl about ten minutes in.
Trying to refrain from being noticed, the gathering nodded in acknowledgement. Sherrinford, tilting his chin up a bit, he laced his fingers through those of the teacher and headed towards the main road, where a government-issued cab waited to bring them towards the waiting battlefield.
The End
The group, despite their enthusiasm and positive attitude, was cautious, keeping well back from the enclosures. Only a few Wolves, primarily those that had been Turning since the Rash Turnings or shortly thereafter, approached the fence, tails wagging and heads cocked with curiosity. Despite their distance from the fences, the government officials eagerly watched the packs from afar, watching their play, hearing their choruses of howls, and watching them ultimately fall into slumber in one large pile.
That being acknowledged, he also realized that she was not telling him everything. She knew something about the Lupus sapiens, more than what a typical person immersed in modern politics and history would know. She didn’t reveal anything, of course, and she didn’t seem to think that he was a Lupus sapiens (
“Hello Nadia,” he replied, glad that his secretary worked weekly at the facility even if he didn’t. “I need some files while in London. Could you overnight them to me?”
“What do you mean?” she asked, suddenly worried, her eyes darting back and forth between her two parents trying to decipher their silent conversation of subtle eye shifts and small muscle twitches.
“She’s really pretty, Mummy!” Lucy (
Biting his lower lip to stop the possessive growl that was threatening to tear its way out of his chest, he responded, “Sherlock.” Offering a hand to the teacher across the table from him, who looked rather shocked at the sudden arrival of the other man, he continued, “Imogen, I’d like you to meet my elder brother, Sherlock. He was just leaving.” He gave the dark haired man a pointed glare.
he whined in return, looking down the hallway towards the young woman’s room. The whimpering continued, punctuated by tossing and turning among her sheets.
The answer was frank and very true. The idea of an incredibly specialized serial killer was not one that he particularly wanted to entertain, but it was becoming more evident that that was what he and his team was dealing with. “So now we wait for Jack and hope for a mistake,” he mumbled, taking a much needed swig of his black coffee, watching Sherlock continue to dance about the alley, hoping beyond hope that he might find something, anything that they could use.
After a blissful moment, he released the sign of affection and breathed, “Thank you. Today would be too long to wait to do that again.”
The Wolf was off like a shot, all too delighted to be chasing the green bouncing toy. “Bring it back to me,” he commanded once the ball had been caught. Slowly, and a bit grudgingly, the younger man did as he had been told, the slobber coated ball bouncing wetly at his feet. Sherrinford, a small smirk playing at his lips in amusement, repeated the process again with the same result. After a couple more passes he stuffed the ball back into his pocket (the K13 whined his disappointment) and said, “Now, Eddington, I have hidden something in this room. It does not belong - its scent should be different. Find it and alert me.”
He wasn’t at all surprised to get called into the New Scotland Yard the following day. He hadn’t wanted to leave Molly, who was exhausted and frazzled, but with a bit of pushing from his wife and his younger brother, he had found himself in a car on his way to the station. He knew that he was the one going because he was the only one that ‘knew about the Wolves.’ It was his Law after all.
“People finding out about us and making us leave town. Every once in a while, we’d stay with a Pack that had Pups and I would have playmates but then I was sent to boarding school when I was younger than you and I had to hide who and what I was.” He smiled softly. “I hope that, one day soon, Thomas and any other Pups that are born will not have to hide who and what they are like I did.”
“My pleasure,” she replied before taking another large mouthful.
He clutched his eighth cup of coffee since the entire fiasco began, watching the rather massive Wolves pad through the precinct, one leash held by Mycroft, the other by John, probably fooling no one. Dogs just didn’t come in that size. He stood, grimacing at his tight and sore muscles and eyed the enormous, furred detective and what could only be his larger, natural born brother. “Morning,” he grumbled with a small twitch of his lips (A tired attempt at a smile), “Thanks for getting back here. I assume you want to see the cell first.”
little about modern pop culture), she most certainly was his Mate. The feelings only intensified through their three subsequent dinners and a trip to the theatre.
“Have a seat,” the statesman said with a small roll of his eyes, “I’m glad that you’re in a chatty mood today.”
“If he gets killed, the rest of them get sloppy and we have easy pickings. Don’t forget about your family, Girl. This is what we do. We Hunt monsters so that everyone else can be safe.” There was a pause. “Don’t tell me that you’ve actually fallen in
He tried not to smirk at the thought, schooling his face to remain slightly concerned. He added a bit of Alpha to his gaze, making it steely.
He inhaled, nostrils widening slightly. “Tomorrow,” he murmured, “Probably tomorrow.” Mycroft gave him an odd, questioning look, making him explain. “I can smell the other Wolf. His aroma is growing stronger, but he’s still masked by Molly.” He paused, nose wrinkling, “You positively reek of protective instinct.”
Closing his eyes, he pulled himself from his four-legged form until he was squatting in the nude beside his bed. Sighing, he stood, rubbing his neck and shaking out his limbs before grabbing his robe. He pulled the silky creation over his skin, cinching his waist and exiting his chamber to join his family in 221C.
Pulling up to the curb, he couldn’t help but note that the one major difference between Hampsted and Stevenson was the location. Stevenson had been in a house - his from the looks of it and the documentation on record. With Hampsted, either the killer didn’t know him as well or he was getting ballsy. The body was found by a young couple who had stumbled out of the next door pub at three in the morning for a snog and had, instead, tripped over a corpse. A bullet through the head and another through the heart, as if for good measure. Just like last time. He had been killed in a dark alley, yes, but beside a busy pub on a Thursday night when they held trivia games.
Lestrade sent the younger officer a grateful smile, glad that he had covered for the other man, but then he realized that the K13 didn’t know about Sherrinford Holmes the Natural Born werewolf.
Slipping into the back seat of his town car, he sighed. His own stupidity had brought this on, but so had Sherrinford’s rashness as well as St. Pierre’s serial Turning streak. No one had been Turned since the deceased Wolf had been ‘put-down,’ to use the term that the Houses of Parliament had been using when discussing what to do with the ‘Werewolf Problem.’ Either way, his task, laid before him partially of his own volition and partially as a request from New Scotland Yard, would not be an easy one.
He left the room to continued his rounds, many of his patients able to Shift back from rather superficial wounds made by poisoned blades. The use of such dirty tactics made him shake his head as he waited for them to complete their Shifts, taking note of any lingering pain or loss of feeling, depending on the poison that had infiltrated their systems.
The teen stood and practically ran to the sofa, throwing herself down on a cushion and picking up her notebook and a pen from the coffee table. The adults followed, John thankfully staying by his side, giving him strength and courage that he didn’t realize he needed until now. He sat opposite the blonde girl, John on his right, Sherrinford, his left. He fiddled with his collar, well-worn by now, in his pocket, before giving his younger sibling a small nod.
Sherrinford had hoped that the rest of the evening would go the same way. And, for the most part, it did. He had three that were simply too stimulated after the Shift to think completely rationally, unable to fulfill all the tasks laid before them. He had had another two that were simply unable to Shift outside the Moon, primarily due to their own insecurities and fears, and partially due to their lack of practice in doing so. And he only had one that ate the toe, making him glad that he had a spare piece of flesh courtesy of Sherlock and slightly concerned for the man’s mental health the following morning when he discovered that he consumed a human appendage.
“Yeah, well,” she muttered, flushing, “I was always a bit of a rebel. And I’ve met someone who filled all the emptiness that I felt. Someone who showed me that everything my family believes is so wrong. Someone who I really can’t think of living without - much less killing!” She groaned, feeling the man’s large hand squeeze hers comfortingly. “Oh God, Sherrinford, I -”
He swallowed, his throat constricting with nerves, and raised his eyes to the assembly. “Honored members of Parliament, thank you for allowing me to speak today. I, along with my patients, understand the need for legislation regarding the Lupus sapiens. However, before passing the Kensington Initiative into being, I ask you to consider something first…” Taking a deep breath, he pulled a thick stack of papers from the podium briefly to show the assembly. “Each of you have been given a rough draft of my findings from my time among my patients. While the writing is rather poor, the conclusions and facts are very clear. These men are men, each with their own issues and triumphs through their years of transformations. What I have concluded through my years as their psychiatrist, veterinarian, and caretaker on Moon nights, is that over time these men are not only thriving as they are but they are making the most of the life they have been given. Aren’t we all?”
The car screeched to a halt. “We’re here, sir,” Gerald said, gasping through the window, not believing that they had made it through the traffic with his reckless driving any more than he did.
) but he would miss the open space of the park. His Mate would be frazzled and cranky, no doubt, driven there by his complete boredom and penchant for tearing around like a furred wrecking ball in the moonlight.
He enjoyed his patients, his fellow Wolves. He’d never say it out loud, but he felt like he had finally found his calling in life. The men that passed through his door were like his children. Each success, whether it was a remembered night or an acceptance into an existing Pack, brought him a sense of pride and accomplishment while every failure (usually to live with the Wolf and accept it) broke his heart.
) and a low growl (
might do him some good. So, I’m releasing him into your care, Mycroft. Get him home
He smiled again, turning his head to give her a wink. “Well, I think Evelyn will give everyone a run for their money.” She beamed, reshuffling her cards, and stood up straighter. If her uncle believed in her, then she knew that she could at least given them a good fight.
“How are you today?” Molly asked, her aroma taking on a worried undertone.
He knew about the Shift but he was pretty sure that he never wanted to witness one for himself. Besides, having seen the young Holmes’ package once already, he did not need to feel inadequate again.
“Sir?”
“Welcome to Baskerville!”
He grinned, his teeth flashing villainously. Smashing the dish against the wall, he used one of the sharper edges to slice the bug out of his neck. The pain was surprisingly dull, his mind already shifting to higher instincts. The fiercely bleeding wound would heal the instant he gave into the Shift anyway.
“Sherlock,” the other man murmured, wrapping his arms around his middle and squeezing like he was the only thing keeping him afloat. “I have been experiencing something that I cannot understand. Ever since my accident with St. Pierre-” He growled, unable to help his interjection at the mention of the rabid Wolf. “I know, Sherlock. Let me finish.”
_ _ _ _ _
The man continued to shake his head back and forth. “I mean it, Sherrinford. None of this is your fault.”
“How did you find us?” the statesman asked before he corrected himself, tapping his temple. “Never mind that.” His elegant hand waved the first question away. “‘Why are you here?’ is a much more apt question.”
He grimaced.
Eddington, the first to come to his rescue, had taken a bullet for him, the projectile going into his unprotected stomach. The Wolf was resting comfortably now, his intelligent eyes catching his as he entered the room, his tail giving a small wag.
“Not that kind of shifting,” he said, wringing his hands nervously. “The other kind. Sherlock’s kind - My kind.” He looked down at the ground as he watched the mortician’s face fall and her brow furrow. “I think that you’re having a-a…
“You’re right about that,” the man murmured, one of his hands reaching across the table to take one of hers tenderly. She stiffened, waiting for the worst.
She laughed, a beautiful cacophony, as she waddled out into the hallway. “Are you coming, Darling? The Moon won’t wait for you!”
’ from Mycroft. He felt run-through, his heart seizing in the rejection that he still experienced with those that knew about him. Rising and moving to rush from the room as his world seemed to crash down about him, he apologized to the fine, Persian carpeting. “I’m terribly sorry.”
“He told the truth: He’s a natural born Wolf. He’s the reason St. Pierre Turned all those men. And, despite being furry at the time, the lawmakers of our country saw the humanity in him, and through him, all the Lupus sapiens.”
“I didn’t tell her.” The other man’s blue eyes met his own. “She might have just been surprised. We are quite large…”
- with our dogs?” His brow furrowed, considering the implications.
“This is going to be a stressful Moon,” the detective realized, hearing Sherrinford plundering the fridge behind him, obviously starving from his Shifts. “Evelyn made dinner upstairs. There’s some leftovers for you.”
His brow furrowed, head tilting to the other side. “Do what?”
“How are you?” she asked, plopping herself down on her couch as her blush continued to deepen.
He stopped that thought before it even formed. His elder sibling knew nothing. If he had, then he would have shared it - there would be no reason to hide the existence of a terrorist group that targeted his own ‘specialty.’
Not waiting for a reply, umbrella still hanging from his arm, he tread through his home and to the fake wall. Sherrinford, being a Holmes (and a Wolf), would no doubt know of his office’s existence but he’d need to leave the door open for the younger man. He did not want his sanctuary bothered, even if it was by well-meaning younger brothers.
“What happened to
“Silver doesn’t do anything-”
“Me too,” he murmured, turning his attention to the distraught natural born wolf kneeling on the floor.
The ultrasound room was relatively close to the entrance of the second building, his hospital wing. While the surgery, equipped for both human patients and their four-legged forms, seemed normal, it was odd for him to have an ultrasound machine. However, with Sean’s wife in a family way, he felt the need to check on their child and he had petitioned the government for one (It was human). Thus, the ultrasound machine was purchased. Swinging the door open, he gestured Molly and his eldest brother into the darkened room. “Let’s take a look, shall we?”
“Oh! Sherrinford!” The teacher sounded shocked and surprised to hear his voice. “Come on up!” The alarm told him that the door was unlocked, and, taking one more calming inhale, he opened the main doors and made his way to her apartment, his heart racing.
“We don’t want to inconvenience you, Wanda,” John murmured.
“Eddington, calm down,” Lestrade said slowly, raising a hand. “I understand where you’re coming from. My one question to you is: Do you want to be humiliated or laughed at for training with the dogs?”
He refocused on his computer screen, exhaling loudly through the Mozart symphony that was issuing from the sound system. Sherlock (And Lestrade) had told him about their latest murder and the implications behind it. A dead Lupus sapiens after the night of the New Moon: it was not a good thing.
“Like I’ve been shot,” he growled, cocking an eyebrow. “Again.”
The Lupus sapien’s face was serious but open. His lips twitched into the smallest smile. “I mean, I shouldn’t talk but…were you?”
Sighing and sharing a rather trying glance with the British Government, he clambered into the van. To his surprise, he found, sitting on one of the various hard, plastic tool boxes and looking like a cat that had gotten into the cream, a very naked and unashamed Sherrinford Holmes.
It was a sweet release now, his bones breaking beginning with the left arm and traveling along his body. He could feel his neck and tail elongating, his ears migrating up his head and his strong jaws and sharp nose thrusting forward. He whined through his sharpening teeth as the feeling of millions of thick, coarse hairs sprouted from his pores, creating his fur pelt.
His aim was true and the drool coated tennis ball bounced off the instep of her tennis shoe. His tail wagged faster as Sherlock continued to jump about like a loon behind him. His eyes flickered between the ball and her face, watching her pick it up slowly and turn the soggy mess about in her hands. “Uncle Sherrinford?” she breathed.
“Oh, no!” the veterinarian interjected, holding his hands up as if trying to calm an animal. “I think that, ink or no, you look absolutely stunning this evening. I am lucky to have you on my arm.” His head tilted to the left slightly, exposing his long, pale column of neck.
Dinner consumed, dishes washed, Evy back at her homework, Sherrinford left to check on John and to let Sherlock out of the room to use the loo and to (potentially) eat something. A soft yip reached his ears, making him pick up his pace. He opened the door to the spare bedroom to find an awake but groggy John Watson. Sherlock was nuzzling him, still laying on top of the human doctor like a fur rug. “John!” he said cheerfully, grabbing his file, “Welcome back to the land of the living. How are you feeling?”
His Mate simply shook his head. “Whatever, Sherlock. Let’s just go.” The man pushed by him, his frustration apparent.
The other man peeled his lips back slightly into a smile, again asserting his dominance.
Hours later, the new Kensington Initiative was being rallied into law and any hopes of added freedoms for his brothers’ kind had vanished. The bill, brought forward to bring safety and security to all, especially the Lupus sapiens (
“Hmmmm?” the British Government hummed, his eyes blinking lazily. “Mol?”
The morning yielded no results. The K9 units were ineffective. The scent of Wolf terrified the shepherds even when the men were still human. There must be something feral and dangerous about the scent that only the dogs could smell. Either way, with nearly the entire force scoping out one rogue and highly dangerous werewolf, no one could find him.
The woman smiled at him, her cheeks coloring into a beautiful shade of pink that caused her eyes to shine brilliantly. “It was my pleasure, Dr. Holmes.” Her smile deepened as she broke eyes contact and tilted her head, flushing, exposing her ivory neck. “It is so rare for my students to be exposed to people who are making history. It was kind of you to come in and donate your time.”
His sharp eyes picked up the reappearance of Mycroft and the introduction of a homely woman with long grey hair and a large duffle bag. She smelled sterile but had an underlying aroma of incense which was surprisingly comforting.
Sherrinford simply nodded, his eyes not leaving hers until the heavy door closed behind her.
He spent the next three and a half hours listening to the distant mutterings and growls of his patients while talking about each one of them with his eldest sibling. He felt as if the hair on the back of his neck would ever lay flat again but he soldiered on. His people, after all, needed protection even if they didn’t accept him as he was.
). Inhaling slowly, he moved his hands to the right, covering the left twin. The baby instantly began to thrash, whether out of dislike or kinship, he wasn’t sure.
A majority of Parliament was furious that there were K13s who had been given permission to Shift for work. The program, holding such potential, was reduced to glorified K9 service. Each officer treated no better than a dog while on his rounds, always on a leash, always with a human partner, always muzzled and clearly marked as Lupus sapiens. At the end of duty for the day, they’d be brought back to the facilities (referred to as Kennels in the bill), where each had their own room with everything a man or wolf could want. Except their human friends and their human families. Visiting hours were restrictive and heavily enforced, like visiting hours in a prison. Always across a table, through bars or glass. No touching. Always being watched.
who thinks
The policemen were anxious as they shuffled in, hands stuffed in pockets and nostrils flaring. Their Pack lines became evident as heads cocked, noses raised, and teeth were exposed. It was fascinating to watch, even though he had grown up watching interactions such as these on the Continent. He missed it, he realized, the feeling of being surrounded by those that were like you but with their own families and ‘political’ alliances. Being part of Sherlock’s odd Pack was a small bit of what his life could be if he was open about who and what he was. But he was loyal to his family and he could not do such a thing, not unless it came out on its own.
“You can pet him,” Sherrinford murmured, reading his body language easily, “But let him sniff you first.” The twins followed his instructions and re-met their uncle. Sherlock became the big teddy bear that he usually became in his four-legged form. Eventually, the Alpha’s Mate nudged them towards the door and their cousin and new siblings.
“We found him in the pound when he was much smaller,” Mycroft said, bending to scratch the top of his head like he would for any family pet, “He just kept growing. Probably got some mastiff or Irish wolfhound in him.”
Sherrinford whined, feeling left out. He rested his head on his paws with a sigh. Molly, the woman barely able to move, noticed his actions and gripped the arms of her chair, attempting to hoist herself up. That, in turn, alerted Mycroft, who shot him a rather dark glare. “Molly, Darling,” the man murmured, “Please don’t get up to go get on the ground. Don’t do that to yourself. He can come when he’s ready.”
Regardless, when the clock had crept well into the wee morning hours, he was glad to see the group go into one of the apartment complexes for the human scientists. They would leave in the morning, hopefully carrying reports of how human the Lupus sapiens were and how they truly should be treated as such. Leaving them in the lobby of the building, he sat patiently as men and women filed by, shaking Mycroft’s hand and offering to shake his paw. He consented with a small eye roll. He even let a few of them pet him (after they had asked permission, of course), their tentative but eager hands brushing the top of his head. After the parade had dispersed, he shot his sibling a look, his tongue lolling over his teeth in an exaggerated yawn.
“Don’t smile with your teeth,” his brother stated, moving to quickly stand beside him. He thrust his head under his brother’s waiting palm, needing the comfort that he could provide and a way to show that he meant nothing by the growl moments earlier. The man’s fingers massaged the top of his skull before tugging on one of his ears. “Teeth are a threat. Remember that instincts are still very much a part of the genetic make up of the Lupus sapiens. Also, before you do anything like pet him-” The man paused, no doubt raising an eyebrow at the women of the group who would forget that he was a man and see him as a ‘cute puppy’. “Ask. He will answer you. He is quite capable of more than rational thought.”
“We are ready for you, Dr. Holmes,” an aide stated, a small, flirtatious smile on her lips. He gave her a smile in return as he strode through the door as the woman ushered him towards the room. He paused in the doorway, fixing the aide in his steady, calculated gaze. “Everything is as I asked?”
That was how Sherrinford found them about an hour later, their limbs entwined, half-on, half-off his arm chair. The footsteps and light chuckle of the younger man woke him almost instantly, though he didn’t move more than twitch, very aware of the slumbering doctor beneath him. “Good Evening, Sherlock,” his younger sibling whispered, an eyebrow raising at the sight of the crowded chair before whipping out his mobile and snapping a picture. “For the little one who’s in bed,” he said with a smirk as the Wolf rolled his eyes. He snuffled along John’s ear tenderly before licking the protrusion, causing the man to sigh and shift slightly. “Yes, yes. Yours,” the natural born Wolf murmured before turning back to the door and moving to close it behind him. “Sleep well.”
“Actually,” the teen said, flushing and scuffing her toe along the pavement, “I have been wanting to ask you something. About Mates.”
“Really?” The blonde girl’s face lit up and her sparkling eyes found the heterochromia of the Turned wolf. “You want to be my second father? Sherlock?”
The older man smiled and entered the room. Respectfully, he moved back from his brother’s Mate, and rose. “Shall I get the twins?”
Icy eyes flickered to him, an eyebrow raising. The realization sank in. “You mean Sherrinford...” He felt the eyes of several other officers on him, making him amend his statement, “...’s dog?”
“Alright,” he smiled, “I’m glad that we can have family dinner together!”
A knock sounded on his door. “Sherlock?” Sherrinford’s baritone cut through the wood. “May I come in?”
“Wonderful!” her date responded, flushing. “I’ll call you tomorrow, if that’s alright?”
“This public Shift in the House of Commons has raised several issues with both our country’s lawmakers and our viewing public. While startling and slightly terrifying, it was noted by several witnesses, as well as the tape from the meeting, that Dr. Holmes did not make a move to attack. In fact, he did quite the opposite, laying down and typing out answers on his personal computer!”
__________________________________
“Is this your new patient?” Imogen asked quietly, her awed voice rough from lack of use. Her eyes, though a bit bleary, shone with a light that was indescribable, as if she were seeing the most miraculous thing in the world.
His nostrils flared, allowing him to note the assembled Pack as well as those beyond. It was an odd, eclectic jumble of odors. Overwhelming but not unpleasant.
He yipped again, running away from the door to paw at the hall closet, nosing the door open, and grabbing a pair of tennis balls in his rather large mouth. Lifting his tail like a banner at his achievement, he trotted back to the main door and pawed at it, dropping the balls and their odd rubbery, hairy taste and texture out of his mouth with another yip.
“Either way, let’s continue,” John said, leaning closer to his middle sibling even as Sherlock edged his chair closer to the soldier.
, he shrugged before opening the door a sliver. The hallway was clear and the babies were babbling, probably happily in their parents’ arms. Taking the opportunity to escape to Mycroft’s office and his waiting pile of clothing, he slid into the hall and tiptoed down it into his brother’s sanctuary. A quick sniff told him that it was empty and he slipped inside, his tail pressed against the crack of his bottom to fend off the the slight chill that clung to the air.
He turned towards his buildings - his home, knowing that Mycroft and Molly would follow. Even though so much was hanging over his head, it felt good to know that he was back at Baskerville, doing what he truly loved doing. No murders. No impending courting ritual and mating (He hoped). Of course, he had to deal with all of his patients, each with their own problems but that was nothing new.
It was a statement. Her worry was obvious. She feared that they would lose more, become closer to animals than humans. “There is nothing that you can do, Evelyn. It does not concern you.”
The night on the moor was perfect. Having his brother there, flanking and leading the attack on a brace of rabbits through the tall grasses and streams, reminded him of his boyhood. The nights when he would run with the other members of his Pack, their paws beating a tattoo on the solid earth until the rich tang of blood flooded their mouths. He could not imagine living any other way.
Imogen hid an eye roll. Her mother loved bragging about their history.
“How are we feeling?” the doctor asked, a tight-lipped smile on his face, the calm but constantly watching Thomas in his arms.
“Please,” the man she loved insisted, his smile becoming forced as the handshake from eternity continued awkwardly. “Call me Sherrinford.”
Sherlock?” she asked, laughing.
His lips trembling, Sherrinford murmured, “You put it down, I’m sure.”
) gave the poor toddler a tender lick on his jowl, comforting him. Sherrinford nudged him, urging him to greet the guards again, in a more appropriate manner. Hesitantly, the Pup put his head beneath the guard’s waiting hand, his forepaw rising to bat at the man’s pant leg. His blue eye remained on Sherrinford, his quasi-guardian, practically begging for his praise. Their uncle didn’t disappoint, breaking into a wide grin, his tongue lolling out.
“Daddy! I’m so glad that you’re awake!”
“One can only hope,” he murmured, smiling a bit at the mortician’s happiness. “It seems like we’re going to be spending quite a bit of time together.” He pushed the ultrasound machine back and offered Molly a towel to wipe her abdomen. “We should get back to the flat. Sherlock will be…Sherlock.”
, he smiled crookedly.
Sherlock swung into the door behind him, making him grateful, for once, that his older brother was slightly anal.
“About what, Darling?” Molly asked, eyes flooding with worry.
“Yeah, he’s really great, Daddy.” There was a pause. “Though not nearly as good as you.”
Again and again, the horrifying images playing and playing across the screen, on every channel. She couldn’t escape it. And she was traumatized. Though not one hundred percent surprised.
He paused, smiling a bit.
The hysterical voice of her mother penetrated her eardrum. “Imogen! Have you seen the news?” The woman’s excitement was evident and her worry pulled to the forefront of her mind.
“Good morning.” His elder sibling had apparently reverted to his two-legged form. He yawned, revealing his impressive teeth.
He snorted a chuckle before draining his mug. “Are you sure that Mycroft is the Holmes brother you want?” he teased as his eldest brother staggered into the kitchen, wiping sleep from his eyes.
The twins mumbled half-hearted apologies at each other. “Thank you,” he said, giving both of them a one-armed hug and placing a kiss on each curly head. “Now go to the car. Your mother and I will join you shortly.”
(My own included)
“Angel?!” the doctor responded hoarsely.
“We’re planning on telling them tonight at dinner.” The woman paused, her smile slipping a bit. “If you’re up for it?”
Breath spent, John approached him carefully, hand outstretched. “Sherlock?”
He beamed at the woman on the bed below him, her hair about her head in a wild halo, the sun streaming through the window making her skin glow.
“Between the three of us, we’ll be able to find a cure,” the mortician murmured, girding her own mug of caffeine a bit tighter, “Or a decent suppressant at least. Honestly, anything would be better than the wolfsbane delay. It might take some time, but we’ll fix it.”
The twins, John, and Evelyn had been left at 221 Baker Street with Mrs. Hudson tittering away about how much she was going to spoil them rotten. The thought made him smile - Mrs. Hudson was the perfect Beta, caring and kind. Loving his Pack’s pups as if they were her own flesh and blood. But, then again, she continued to refer to himself and John (And now Sherrinford) as ‘her boys.’ Despite their landlady’s enthusiasm for the night of pampering, his Mate was less than thrilled to be left at home. However, he was glad to know that the man was safe even if he was grumpy about being away from the ‘action.’ Not that there would be any action if he could help it.
, according to Sherrinford Holmes, become a wolf right
She watched the veterinarian’s mouth drop open in awe as his blue eyes wandered about the space. She knew that he had not been raised in a wealthy home. She knew that Hunters had kept him from living well and without fear until his quasi-father had sent him to boarding school. Even then, he had probably never experience old money. This house, a small castle really, had been in her family since the seventeen hundreds and the land dated to before that. It had been a gift from the royal family.
He glanced back at Sherlock who was watching him intently, head cocked slightly to the side out of curiosity, not submission. He smiled, his teeth flashing as he laughed. “Sherlock,” he said again, his rumbling laughter flooding his system. “Everything’s going to be okay, Brother. I promise you.”
“Of course,” the older man intoned, gesturing the woman into the master suite and shutting the door behind with a soft click. With a soft whine, he rose and shook out his coat, wanting his scent to be present, if faint, for the pups. One ear still focused on the door, he trotted down the stairs for a few more hours of sleep. The dog bed was rather more comfortable than he’d like to admit, and his human bed was luxurious. Either would be preferable to the floor.
Silence fell over the line. “A lot rests on Imogen. Are you sure that you trust her? She could be playing you?” Mycroft murmured, being a bit more sensitive than he would have been if it was anyone but Sherrinford.
Now Sean and his wife, Elizabeth, spent their moons in a private apartment. The young wolf was quite a cuddler, he was told. He grinned, allowing his teeth to flash victoriously. Things were certainly different than he had originally though they’d be and he was glad of that.
“No,” he breathed, rising from his cross-legged position on the floor, striding to the screen, his eyes widening. “
The cab pulled to the curb outside of 221B, the sunshine reflecting off the skewed knocker cheerfully. John exited first, collecting their bags from the cabby and paying the man with a small smile. The wolf waited, sliding from the faux leather seat to stand before the bottom step, hands shoved into his pockets.
He hear a resounding click. “I hate to tell you that it is almost predictable that you have a hidden office, Mycroft. I was disappointed to find it on my first tenure in your home. But I am even more disappointed, however, that it doesn’t appear behind a revolving bookcase.”
“That he is,” he agreed, meeting Evy’s smile with one of his largest tight-lipped grins.
“We’ve put you in the guest room, John,” Molly said, huffing a little from the walk to their flat from the car park. “Evelyn, you’re on the sofa-bed in the study. Boys, well...”
, he thought sarcastically, pulling his two pairs of trousers from his sack and placing them rather unceremoniously on the nearest shelf.
He nodded, lips pressed together. “It’s great, Mycroft. Thank you.”
“Sherrinford’s here, too,” his elder sibling droned, “Because Brother Dearest has some new information that he can share now that he’s verbal again.”
Sherrinford nodded, snuffling along her jaw before relinquishing his ‘hug’ and stepping back into the hallway. “Come on in,” Imogen beamed, “Dinner’s almost ready, if you’d like to slip into something that can eat sausage and onion sandwiches.”
, he smirked,
, he thought. “Sherlock and Nana are on their way, Angel,” he stated, pushing himself up from the couch with a small groan, his leg aching. “Are we almost ready? Do you need anything from me? Can I help?”
He shook his head. “How are the little ones?” he asked, already cataloguing the changes in Molly’s figure since he had seen her last and changing the subject tactfully.
there was something wrong with that woman,” Mycroft sounded a bit smug, no doubt crossing his arms over his chest.
“How was your day?” he asked, offering her his arm as they headed toward the bottom floor and the street. “Judging from the ink on your cheek, I’d guess that you had a student that gave you a bit of trouble.”
“He’s Shifted?” Lestrade asked, feeling a bit more frightened than he would have liked.
Trials would begin in a few days, he assumed, once everyone had recovered and could testify. The evidence collected via Imogen’s hidden camera and his own wire would be damning enough, but the injured Lupus sapiens, the rather libertine shooting style of the Earl, and the vast number of eye witnesses would be enough to put Kensington and his Hunter family behind bars for a long time.
He did not grace the question with an answer. “We should leave soon. I wish to avoid running into my parents.”
“In Essex, Braintree,” the DI breathed heavily, his old age and lack of strict dietary regimen causing him to gain a bit more weight than the detective’d ever admit.
“Well, thank you,” she replied, giving him a quick peck before leaning around him to smile at her. “And how are you today, Evy?”
He nodded, nuzzling her extended hand, whining softly.
“We’ll make due, Molly,” he answered with a small smile.
The reflection that looked back at her was disappointing to say the least. She had ink on her cheek that was stubbornly refusing to come off, despite multiple washes and the shower. Her foundation, something that she really disliked wearing, made it look like a wine-colored stain on her skin. With a sigh, she applied her eyeliner and mascara, allowing her green eyes to pop under her raven hair, which hung loose about her shoulders in light waves.
“Fine,” he replied, “Leave the door unlocked and put the extra mattress by the door with some water. If we use it, wonderful. If not, don’t be upset.”
“You’re welcome.” Watching the broad back of the young man leave his office, he rang Sherrinford. The veterinarian picked up after the second ring and patiently listened to his thoughts.
“For about a week.” John cocked an eyebrow, still chuckling. “So you went
The Wolf bounded into them, filling them with warmth and love as his front legs wrapped around her shoulders. His tongue ran up her cheek and into her hairline as he rumbled deep in his chest. “Let’s get inside,” she murmured, her fingers winding through her lover’s thick, coppery fur.
The young man’s dirty blonde head nodded.
The ginger-haired man rolled is eyes dramatically. When he answered, his voice was very low, meant only for him to hear. “Wolves age at a human rate, thus why Sherrinford is so spry. His current lupine form is only about three or four.”
Lestrade grinned back, obviously very proud of his division’s brightest member. Mycroft remained characteristically aloof, his own eyes watching the Wolf as he continued to sniffle about the piles of athletic items and equipment. Less than a minute later, he heard a soft howl from the far corner where he had placed and partially concealed one of Sherlock’s preserved thumbs.
“Come,” Sherrinford murmured, gesturing with a hand. “Let’s meet your new siblings!”
, Sherlock, think about the glory of it! Killing something that is defenseless is not going to bring any credibility to anyone. The closer to the Full Moon, the more glory one would receive.”
Sherlock, hearing the bounce of the balls, was instantly up and running, snatching a ball mid-bounce and bowling into him with a faint growl. He shoved back, picking up his ball again and dancing from foot to foot. With a sigh and a shake of his head, Mycroft handed something to John. “Take them out. Make sure they don’t get too near to the other enclosures. They know how to behave - I’m not quite a certain with the others.”
God, he needed Sherlock. He’d even settle for Eddington, his unit’s K13. Both, however, were where they were required to be by law - in their transitional facilities. This break-out was obviously carefully planned.
“Welcome,” he intoned, raising his hands to quiet the hushed conversations. “Thank you all for coming. I am glad to see so many people here.” The eyes of seven Turned Wolves, twenty officers, Lestrade, and his brothers and their Mates focused on him. “To reiterate what is about to happen: Sherrinford and Imogen will enter the building. Both are wearing cameras and Sherrinford has a wire. When he Shifts and Imogen moves to strangle him, we move in. Arrest people first, especially if they are encouraging the discrimination of the Lupus sapiens, or worse, encouraging the Kill-” A chorus of growls greeted that statement. “If this gets violent, which it might considering the number of transformed Wolves we have here tonight, please watch your Bites, gentlemen, and officers, do not shoot to kill. This raid is a covert government operation. Remember that.”
His wife shot him a relieved look as he opened the door to their flat. Sherrinford slipped by him, hustling over to the Pup that was yipping from the inside of the playpen walls. The leggy Wolf leapt the fence and began rumbling and nudging his nephew, calming the upset infant.
“He likes you,” she smiled at the younger man.
As he took his seat and booted up his computer, he was unsurprised to hear the tread of large feet drawing near. Not bothering to look up, Mycroft muttered, “No use standing at the door. Come in. Close it behind you.”
Regardless of the rather humiliating muzzle, spiked choke collar, and thick leash that rested on his younger sibling when he arrived to pick him up, he was glad that the younger man seemed to be in one piece. He refrained from saying anything, filling out the proper paperwork before accepting the end of the leash with a blank face. Sherrinford, for once, remained just as silent.
“You were right,” he murmured to the curled up body of the russet wolf that was covering one of his couches, earning him a soft rumble from Sherrinford. He breathed a quiet ‘good night’ as he passed the door to the guest room, knowing that his middle sibling heard him. With a sigh, he continued toward his bedroom and his napping wife.
) said, gesturing him into the side room.
The hallway was eerily quiet, making him even more nervous than if the hallway was filled with flames or shouting. He quickened his pace and pushed the door open to find the doctor astride the Wolf in a rather compromising position, their chests heaving. Averting his eyes, he interjected, “Sorry!” and quickly moved to close the door again.
“Sherlock,” the man mumbled, pulling his coat and gloves off, stuffing the gloves into his pockets and hanging the coat on his hook by the door.
His fingers wound themselves through Sherlock’s thick, velvety fur. The wolf growled possessively, low in his throat, and leaned further into his leg and side. He couldn’t imagine his life without the man beside him, a realization that had been reenforced time and time again. It had been just after the capture of St. Pierre that the detective had told him about their bond. His younger sibling had beaten him to it, years previous, but it was nice to hear it from the other man’s mouth.
He growled, the sound echoing around him and reverberating about the stone and cement. He had figured that some form of retribution would come for him, but nothing like this. He had assumed that They would have put him down. They could have, three of them, all Alphas and much stronger than he was, could have ripped his throat out those five years ago. And yet, they had given him something far worse. They had given him this:
“Of course,” came the soft voice of a mid-aged woman. “How is she?”
“You know,” she breathed, her eyes snapping up to meet those beautiful, sky blue orbs. Her stomach was a roiling mess, sinking towards her toes and rising to choke her like a vice.
The British Government reached into his pocket, holding up a finger to the thirty watchers, and pulled a strip of jerky from his pocket. Not waiting for it to be offered, he gently snatched it from the hand and began moving further down the hallway. “Follow us, ladies and gentlemen, to the outside enclosures.”
“Sure,” he breathed, inclining his head and taking his leave, not wanting to impose on the husband and wife’s private moment together.
“I’m pretty sure they will be thrilled to meet you,” the veterinarian responded, releasing her. “Let’s get your things, yeah?” His focus shifted, nostrils flaring as his eyes found his Alpha. “Sherlock,” he intoned, tilting his head slightly to the left, exposing his neck, “Thank you for coming out for the Moon. I-I really appreciate it.”
) and John could barely cook pasta without burning it. “You’re ridiculous, you know that, right, Uncle Sherlock?”
Sherrinford’s cheek turned a deep shade of red, his hand dropping to his side. “I am much more than that, Sir,” he stated calmly even as his jaw muscles spasmed. “I am well-educated, having attended some of the best private schools on the continent and I have a double first from Cambridge. I am the foremost researcher of Lupus sapiens in the world-”
He whined in response, before panting his greetings. The motion jostled the girl behind him, who shifted, rolling away with a deep sigh. Carefully, he hopped off the bed and trotted past the doctor, giving him a gentle nudge before slipping out the door. His claws beat a tattoo on the hardwood as he skittered past a composed Sherlock, deep in his Mind Palace, and across the hall into his small bed room, closing the door behind himself.
He shook his head, wanting to tell her everything, even the truth about himself, but answered, “The only thing I can tell you is that he is the first of his case in England and it’s a great opportunity for me and my research. It could lead to so much for the Lupus sapiens, I couldn’t turn it down.”
Of course, now that the media circus was partially over, the greatest task would be at hand. Her boyfriend had to meet her mother and she had to ‘kill’ him.
“Neither would I, for the record,” Mycroft chimed in, placing a hand on his wife’s rotund abdomen with a rare smile. “He is, after all, a Holmes.”
“Sherrinford,” she breathed, “Stop.” Her eyes filled with tears breaking her hardened exterior so she looked down, trying to hide her weakness.
“Let’s adjourn until half-past eighteen hundred hours,” he stated, rising from his chair and gesturing his remaining guests towards the door.
The detective gave a small, tight-lipped smile before briefly embracing the younger man, each scenting the other lightly. “Thank you for the invitation, Sherrinford. It promises to be quite a night for everyone, I think.”
“John and his father got estranged after that,” she continued, in a sadder tone this time, “John’s elder sister Harriet supported her father. Eventually, as it turned out, she revealed after my son had gone that he wasn’t even her father. John’s mum had a brief reconnect with one of her earlier admirers and got pregnant. That man still remains faceless and unknown. I accepted Harriet as my own family but John was not so kind. He felt there was too much adultery, treachery and deceit in this family and after a big blow up, Harriet left and never came back.”
“Used to happen in the army all the time, I know about that,” Sebastian said, tilting his head and shrugging his shoulders, “But it never happened
Sherlock skidded into the living room with his jaw slack and eyes wide, his arms outstretched. “No, no, that tea is only for him.”
“I have no idea to be honest,” John confessed, giving him a sheepish smile and scratching behind his right ear, “Though I am immensely grateful you made those exceptions.”
“You asked me if I have a boyfriend or girlfriend….”
He got several proofs that John had not only made the best of his lessons but also improvised upon them for better benefits.
Sherlock pretended to be unaffected and said, “And what’s for supper? We are way past that time! Remember, you are still on apology mode and owe me one…. Nope, you owe me for multiple things, including this stupid, silly, irresponsible move of yours.” Before John could respond they heard from the backseat, “There is always eggs, bread, cold cuts in the fridge. There are two fridges in the kitchen, mom says.”
“He’s here, isn’t he?” Electric blue eyes narrowed.
???!!!”
“New yes, attend
An hour later they sat on a bench by the fountain-side. At that hour the park was relatively empty and quiet and it had been an excellent suggestion from Carol to talk while they took a stroll around the leafy and serene spot. John had blabbed a lot. He had started slow and reluctant and then turned into this talking machine which just couldn’t stop the flow of words tumbling out of him.
(See the end of the chapter for
With an unsteady, shaky release of breath he said, “At least won’t you allow me to explain? Won’t you let me tell you my side of the story. Every story has two sides and you’re only going by what you’ve seen, whatever has been told to you by a set of papers and documents.”
. Even if they stay overnight in the town, they can be dangerous for us.”
Mrs. Hudson couldn’t quite hide her slight contempt for the man who had once broken her ward’s heart. “I can only this say this,” she said with a slight bitterness and reproach, “Being patient and waiting a while hadn’t worked for him in the past either. So he took the plunge and we supported them. They are good to each other and John, while we don’t know much about him, comes across as a good man, someone very devoted to Sherlock unlike a few others we have known in the past.”
“You’re right Jimmy. I think we have made mistakes. Inside a man there is always a tussle between human and beast, the good and the evil, the propensity to be kind or cruel. We indulged ourselves according to our own feelings, needs, urges, didn’t we?”
“Jawn, don’t tell me you’re going to
Instead of Mycroft, it was their live-in help Polly who showed up at Greg’s doorstep in about ten minutes. “Miss…. Mister Letrat….. sorry, strade, Lestrade,” she said breathlessly as Greg answered the door gong, “Please come to the house, our house….. the Holmes villa I mean! Myc requested that you come over. Please come with me right away!”
“This time, you are.”
Greg.”
“Those are noooottt crimes.”
. Closing his eyes shut, he tried to swallow the ball of emotions swirling up his chest and choking him, even contemplating popping in a sleeping pill to help him pass out, when…..
“You shouldn’t have,” Phil said, “I think it’s good to be fond of people but blind affection makes us agree to whatever they ask and do. Anyways, we need to go now. C’mon boss, c’mon Mr. Moriarty, let’s go!”
“Any idea how they got in through your fencing and the electric wires? Your coops and your entire farm is very secure, I don’t suppose you had any thefts or intrusion for about ten years now, did you? Greg, have there been reports from any of the other farms at the station?”
Jim gave him a wistful glance, “You really think we can sink any lower? We have killed people, we have also caused life-changing injuries to them, we have planned murders with a cool brain. I don’t suppose we can defend ourselves in either a court of law or in a conversation with our conscience. The only worst behavior could be….. if we end up harming our men. The best way possible is to find someone else and ‘just get it over with’.” He sighed and added in a slightly firmer, wickeder tone this time, “That’s assuming Seb and John’s lives are more precious than those of the others. There we might be actually at our worst behavior, trying to stop ourselves only when we become threats only to people we love.”
“Yup, good night baby boy. Sleep tight!”
“What?”
“What do you mean? Huh? Why are you stripping?”
John had a budget of sixty to seventy thousand and so the amount was no big deal for him. He, however, had not planned on a pre-owned vehicle and that too something so dressy and flashy. But when he saw the other man hankering for it and Sally rattled off about how good the automobile was and how many eminent people owned it, he got convinced.
“Oh….kay.”
“Huhnn?”
“You will be here for a month. All your expenses are covered by this fee. I will help you with your current issue, but for that we must build your foundation as a confident, capable and charismatic human being. If we can’t manage in a month we shall try two more weeks after that. But not more than six weeks. In that case, you’ll go home without results and without a refund. Agreed?”
“I’d agree with that too,” Phil added.
“Hello John.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes,” Greg said, “Yes I do. The man who committed suicide? Michelin star chef?”
“Guess why I took you on without any prior notice or appointment, gave you a discounted rate and even made you a house guest instead of directing you to our preferred hotel or service apartment?” Greg asked John as they sat on the terrace the next morning, sipping some flavorful Darjeeling leaf tea.
“Help you with what?”
“Ancient hunters, traders and nomads in North America, the mountainous parts.”
“John, why didn’t you tell me?”
“If you don’t agree with me I will tell mummy and daddy you were kissing your college senior Roger’s pee-pee last night.”
Sherlock frowned, “They are family Jim.”
Relieved and also exhausted, John sat on a chair, putting up his feet on a stool. After watching a few minutes of a BAFTA-winning film on his phone, with the sound turned off, he dozed off.
“SAY IT.”
“Nope,” Greg replied, “This photograph was tampered in your studio so I am sure you can. That or we will take you to the Yard for a little chat. Your choice, Mr. Palmer.”
John had noticed that too and anger bubbled up in him when he realized that Sherlock was actually taking longer than needed to pick up some magazines from the floor, thereby allowing Jim access to his ‘butt’. He was a willing participant and not someone offended by the open groping. “Ah, it’s just to see if he can be fitted into the new sparky….the electric torture chair I built for some of my enemies who cross the line,” Jim spoke casually as if he was talking about a new cake recipe he had discovered, “This chair doesn’t kill but it gives people a makeover, in the sense that their hairs stand on ends like a well-done scruffy spike and their skins turn ashen and mouths turn a bit blue.”
“Yeah, let’s go,” Sherlock got up, leaving half his breakfast behind.
“I am really unable to control myself anymore,” Jim was a spitfire as he stomped and stamped his feet and randomly kicked and punched at branches and loose rocks, “This is getting unbearable and I am putting the sentence only mildly. What do those bitches think huh? Well, they are only inviting their doom by crossing us. I don’t get John, why does he take their side? I heard him in the car, loud and clear, trying to make it seem as if we were overreacting and the women were not. You should have given it back to him right then and there. He can’t talk about us like that, no sir!”
“Waiting for someone to ask me out,” John replied, thereby laying to rest all doubts from Jan’s mind about his intentions and aspirations. It worked well because her eyes lit up instantly and she flashed a wide smile before saying. “In that case, how about dinner and a play tomorrow?”
“Yes sir.”
“No Sherl,” John turned off the light and got up, “Not weird at all.”
“Humor can make things easier on you dear. Things won’t go your way often. Life will pull you down and offer your disappointments and disillusionment. But, one must never take life seriously. Unfortunately neither John’s mum nor John followed this philosophy. Let me tell you a story my boy. If you’re planning to marry John and he’s so happy with you, then it’s best that you know a bit more about our family.”
Something that never happened before to Jim took place right then. He stuttered in response, “I…. um…. I am, I am actually James…. James Isaac Moriarty.”
“Your sister has a boyfriend now, you must find one for yourself as well ma’am.”
They woke up together two or three hours later, staring sleepily into each other’s eyes. Almost immediately they knew how their time at 221B Baker Street would go for the rest of the days they stayed here. None spoke a word, not a word of the previous night was mentioned, and they went about their day’s routine in complete silence. John wondered why men never shared thoughts. If they were women they would have talked up a storm already and laid the whole situation threadbare.
When he finished, Greg asked the first question. “It’s no doubt very kind of you and your family to donate and also constantly mobilize funds and run a shelter like that but taking someone home…. Keeping them with you, that’s rather unusual. Especially for a man your age.”
“Yes colonel, sir.”
John was about to step inside with all the items he had in his hands, silently cursing Sherlock for not even offering to relieve him off a few boxes and bags, when a loud squeal from a female voice made him stop, one foot in the door. Mrs. Hudson came rushing down the corridor and handed him a big bouquet of flowers. “Oops,” John went, going down on one knee as he tried to balance it all. “Pink roses, hypericum berries and yellow disbuds,” she gushed, “The first meal in the house needs to be romantic. Want me to help set the table?”
“Sit down John,” Sebastian said patiently, “He didn’t say that yet.” Marvin nodded in gratitude at Seb and said, “That’s right young man, losing patience will only keep you in the dark. You guys were in the dark so far. Time for some light, don’t you think? Then you decide what to do.”
No, he wasn’t going to let that happen. His duty ended with introducing the candidate to the client and ensuring he reached the property on time and, most importantly, alone and untailed.
“I am sure you’ll love it,” Phil said, tone deaf and stubborn, “Oh, don’t forget we are participating in the stage performance tomorrow. Our students expect our item to be the showstopper, hope you’ve tuned your violin and got fresh strings.”
Sherlock was in an outfit that was halfway between Minnie Mouse and Cat woman. He had pointy cat ears, a long swinging tail and fancy whiskers pinned to him at various strategic places. He was wearing a skin-tight latex bustier top with padding to give the impression of boobs and around his bottom was a very short and puffy Minnie Mouse printed skirt and frilly panties that showed beneath. Completing the attire were stockings, a garter belt and pink stiletto heels. That was not all, he had been given some make up as well. Sherlock’s Cupid-bow lips were coated neatly with bright red lipstick and his eyes lined with kohl, a dust of mascara bringing out the best of his long lashes.
“No, not him, he is fine.”
“Till my house. I shall drop the cage in the lab and come back here.”
“Is that so Mike?” John gave the somber man a startled glance, “Have you verified any of these things yet?”
Sherlock was panting severely, both from lust and fear. He had never done this before, he was a virgin and somehow the idea of being penetrated was scary for him. But despite that he longed to have John inside him, with that impressive package.
“Every family has a favorite and a black sheep.”
Oh yeah you are from the country and trying hard to fit in, aren’t ya? Sally’s eyes sparkled with the recognition of the ‘lamb’ and she quickly started to sharpen the knives while the stewpot was set to boil a little distance away by her greedy, conniving boss.
Sally entered her elder sister’s bedroom and got into bed with her, grinning from ear to ear. “I think I am going to get that hero medal from Sherlock,” she said, sounding excited, “I have figured out where I had seen that John fellow, John Doe or whatever, last year. I had gone to a professional photographer’s studio to pick up some pics along with my bestie Pam… who had got her pre-wedding portfolio done through that man. This man, John, was there that very day. I am quite sure, maybe I have a pic of him.” Molly grinned, “Wow that’s good. Show the pic.”
It turned out to be a spacious airy room which was aptly furnished for a teen, including the giant helicopter model hanging from the ceiling in one corner, the knight-in-armor lamp, posters of astronauts, scientists and philosophers, next to their immortal quotes. The bed was large and comfortable and John dropped Sherlock on it and went to close the windows. The heating was on but with the windows being open, the room was not too comfortable.
“We were woken by some uneasiness in the coops and pens and the barking of our dogs that night. But that only lasted for a few minutes so neither of us investigated, thinking some odd fox or a large critter might have got too close and hence the unrest. But the next morning we saw two chickens and a kid goat killed and partially eaten.”
of their sitting room.
“Mycroft.”
“I am sorry.”
“There is actually a difference between a rat and a mouse John. You see, A mature mouse can be distinguished from a young rat by its larger ears and longer tail compared to its body length than the rat. A young rat also has distinctly larger feet and head compared to the body than a mouse. Mice are usually light grey or brown in color with a lighter shade on their bellies. Also there is a difference between the two in terms of weight, total and absolute weight. Rats grow to a much bigger size than normal house mice, though field mice might be somewhat larger.”
“And when I have settled them all in, I can start my own catering services. Something tells me hospitality and food could be my calling. Even this portal,
A few minutes later, as they lay cuddled together on the couch, the washing machine making subtle whirring sounds in the distance as it washed the towel, some clothes and the sheet they had spread out on the couch, John absentmindedly stroked Sherlock’s hairs with one of his hands and the silken kimono with the other. It was truly delicate, somewhat sheer, a bright flaming red with white and yellow flower patterns on it, a dark maroon sash hanging from the loops around the waist line. “Is that a kimono kink I discovered tonight?” Sherlock asked, staring at John through narrowed eyes.
John did as he was told and turned to the right, “This is my better angle,” he joked. But Sherlock hesitated as stared through the lens, trying to adjust the camera angle in a manner that would capture the spectacle as well as John in the frame. “Maybe I will just take a shot of the rain. It would be a lot easier and clearer too.”
“You aren’t looking at this right,” Greg said, “These retainers have been here all their lives and are not in a position or comfort level to take up new jobs. Some are old. The butler, Haines, he is sixty four. The housekeeper, Mrs. Hudson, is sixty one. Both have been here for forty years and thirty five years respectively and have no family to go to. The cook, Mrs. Bickerton, she has worked here thirty years almost and the groundskeeper is her son, who has a learning disability and needs a special job, one that allows him his time off and therapy etc. The two maids are spinster sisters Stacy and Lucy, who prefer to live and work here since their brother, whose children are like their own, study in a boarding school nearby. The servant was a secretary of Mrs. Holmes and used to help her with her work and correspondence. He is physically challenged, a war veteran. Fifty years old. Loves Stacy. Lives here.”
“Not yet,” she smiled feebly, “But I shall talk to him about it.”
“You were lucky. I once saw a pair of eyes looking at me. It was a head.”
“YOU!!!!”
“Um…. Is it alright if I take a look at the papers in detail and sign them only after John is back?”
“Now??? It’s almost six pm.”
“How does that make it dangerous for us?” Sebastian asked, “Jim is a little fella, I can easily do it to him.”
“Yes,” Sebastian stated confidently, “We won’t be involved in any wrongdoings. But we do wanna help them, if it’s still possible.”
“Sherl?”
“No, I was just…..”
“Good grief, what’s wrong with these animals,” said the man as he gave them an apologetic smile, “Dumb they are at times, sorry sir, usually it’s not like that…..”
Jim slept at Greg’s house that night and woke up to the appetizing whiff of bacon, eggs and freshly roasted beans of coffee. The aroma of freshly baked bread and citrus juice followed and the two men sat down to a rather elaborate breakfast, planning for the day ahead. “So the plan is this,” Greg said, “You and I in one car, my deputy Phillip and Sergeant Donovan in the other, we go straight to Sherlock’s estate. You call him outside somewhere and we tell him the story. He might not believe me but with you he won’t have a problem. He’ll trust your version surely.”
“I’ll rub some on you. Come.”
“Oh hello Thomas,” he greeted him cheerfully, “I wanted to thank you for being a great support and for being a-a-a….. I am sure you add some value in some way so…. Here is some money. It’s for you, it’s not a payment, it’s sort of a reward….”
individual.”
And yet he had a boyish smile and the overall demeanor of a young and attractive man in his mid-twenties. Still, there was something different about him and he couldn’t be counted with the average guy on the street, something rare and precious that made John wish he knew this man a little bit more than just his first name. As Mike introduced them, John was just about to ask him something when the first wave hit him.
Sherlock was quite shocked with himself that he didn’t think so despite John’s rambling and forward statements, the incessant questioning and persuasion, the somewhat incorrigible insistence that Sherlock keeps sitting and chatting with him despite two hours having passed. He was also beginning to find the other man charming and interesting, dorky at some point but still so utterly adorable and honest. There were no airs about John at all, he was a genuine and authentic human being with a heart and courage to wear it on his sleeve. Despite his intentions to conclude things and never see this man again, Sherlock found himself suggesting they should meet again someday soon.
"But we do wanna help them, if it’s still possible.”
“Yeah, even if it’s marginally so. But I’ll be better soon. I wanna stay in the town.”
“No, you didn’t.”
“Which is?”
this. Oh dear!
“Oh yes and bought a new one. Bought a motorcycle too. As for Sherlock, you will meet him today. I am sure I have made some impact there, in the correct direction.”
“You visit me every day, sometimes even at night, if I am lucky….” came the subdued statement. John broke out into a coughing fit at the end of it, wheezing slightly as he grabbed an inhaler and puffed a couple of sprays into his mouth. Then he took some forceful and long breaths, trying to calm himself.
As the estate and its inhabitants grew busy in organizing the feast and buying gifts, Mary’s husband joining the merriment too, and John went to an orphanage to distribute gifts and cake, Sherlock slipped away quietly and went to the greenhouse to make the phone call to his mummy. As soon as the call connected and her phone rang once, she immediately answered. “Lockie, I had been waiting for your call. What took you so long? Is everything okay there? What did John say? Is he talking to you again?”
“Just head to the lab please. I was on my way to deliver medicines and didn’t ask his name.”
“No, I don’t.”
, I mean to say that….. I wanted to ask you darling, to go down on one knee,” John was grinning from ear to ear, “But you beat me to it.” His response made Sherlock climb on his lap and grin, planting kisses all over his face, “Well, does that mean your response to my proposal is a confirmed ‘yes’ or are you just avoiding a commitment?”
“Promise?” Sherlock asked eagerly.
“Don’t snap at me you pasty skinned scrawny bastard, I am warning ya,” Jim yelled and raised his arm to punch him but this time Sherlock was prepared and quickly grabbed his arm, pushing him back slightly and putting some distance between them. Jim gasped, looking at Sherlock and then around them, as if he couldn’t believe this was really happening and not some ghastly, frightening nightmare.
“James, he is a good man. I don’t want to…..”
Molly and Anthea looked at each other, her practical advice sinking in well with them once they processed it with some afterthought. After almost five minutes Anthea replied, “Don’t know about Molly but I think you made a good point here.” Molly took a couple more minutes and added, “Yeah, we can’t possibly leave. Anyways, not right away at least.”
Sherlock hesitated, realizing he shouldn’t walk off and leave John stranded all by himself but the other man was not so considerate. “Oh, please no if’s and but’s Sherlock, c’mon quickly or you’ll be late, we will both be late.” Phil waved both arms impatiently at him, pointedly ignoring John who stood there exasperated and wondering how things could go so wrong. He wished he had allowed Sherlock to go inside the station instead of stopping him right at the gate. They’d have reached the platform by now and no way would that worm had spotted them from the street.
“Of course ma’am.”
“Your room,” Sherlock whined. But fortunately his eyes were closing already.
Sherlock hid his face in his hands. “No, leave me alone.”
“As to how the animal or the human got inside, there is one more observation we have on that,” Nathaniel was the one who remembered the details, “Noh, you do remember the pattern of the prints we saw? Human footprints were outside the farm’s mesh fencing and the electric fence line. There is not a single foot or shoe print inside the premises. On the other hand, the animal pawprints were inside and not outside. It could be someone who brought a large animal with themselves, perhaps to steal food and animals from our farm. But the animal feasted on a couple of our birds, killed a kid and then escaped, couldn’t figure out a way to transfer the loot or maybe a highway patrol came alone in the meantime. They do check in two or three times during the night, between 11 am and 6 am.”
“From what Phil and the rest of the people on the ground told me, it’s not only a murder but a very brutal one. The victim is the tramp who lived there, in the woods, close to the homestead property of Mr. and Mrs. Smallwood. We had warned him several times to leave and go to the town shelter but he knew he’d be stopped from doing drugs there, hence he never listened to us. It seems someone ripped through him.”
“Then don’t force me to do something I don’t want to do,” Jim said darkly, “Give me the property I mentioned and I won’t bother you anymore.”
“Here it comes!!”
“Yes, he would have amassed the wealth, then his son got the title and started living off the estate and treasury,” the detective concluded. Sherlock was usually quite vain about displaying his talent of deducing accurate facts on a person’s life, habits and even secrets and he was never bashful before John when it came to accepting the praise that came for it. Talent like him needed an audience, however small, even if it was one person, and John never failed to appreciate. “You really know someone by just hearing their name and title, you’re amazing Holmes,” he said, “Yes, the value of his estate, which I admit has been managed pretty well and kept profitable, is nearly a million pounds.”
“Eddington,” the DI intoned in a commanding voice, “Sit.”
“There is
He saw the man nod in his peripheral vision as he shut the door and entered the New Scotland Yard. He kept his strides purposeful, flashing his identification at the desk sergeant, and marching his way into Lestrade’s office. He shut the door behind him with a soft click and turned, umbrella hanging from his arm.
The door opened and he stepped in. It seemed significant that he closed the door again once inside.
“Come in,” I said, for some reason smoothing my hair.
Sherlock interrupted his rant to frown at him. “What shopping?”
He fell into sleep quickly and so I learned the sounds of Watson asleep from a much closer position than previously. His soft inhalations and exhalations. An occasional mumble or grumble. The slide of his skin against the bedding.
I wondered if the soul of William Louis Hale was comforted by having that sweet-faced angel, of whom I was becoming rather fond, watching over him.
I could tell that she was already planning how to tell Mrs Turner her news. And probably everybody else at the bloody coffee morning as well. Finally, she headed for the door again, still twittering. Then she paused. “And you boys don’t mind me. I can just turn up the volume on my telly.” Giggling, she finally left.
He looked up at the kite again, saw the tail fluttering in the breeze, and wanted it desperately.
“Oh, by the way, Hudders,” Sherlock said languidly, “you probably want to know that John and I have embarked on a romantic relationship. I understand that people take an interest in that sort of thing.”
British Airways had set up a small buffet, so, more from boredom than appetite, Sherlock fixed a plate and returned to his chair. The next few hours promised to be exceedingly tedious.
The most recent victim, sadly, could not make that choice, because he had been found lying in his Milano Upholstered Platform Bed, with a Tiffany silver letter opener sticking out of his heart. Sherlock had the idle thought that the bed looked rather like the one his brother had. Ignoring the questions being put to him by an annoyed Parisian officer, he took a moment to Google it and found that his brother had paid about £22,000 for his bed. That sounded like delicious ammunition.
Now, Mycroft stood at the front window, looking down on Albemarle Street, for nearly thirty minutes before he saw a vaguely familiar figure walking towards the building. Walking hesitantly and Sherlock did not usually hesitate; he was more the  bull charging into the china shop, albeit an elegant one. On this day, his brother was clearly too thin and the jacket he wore was not warm enough for the December weather. He needed a good coat.
I smiled at him and after a moment, he returned mine with one of his own.
As unlikely as it sounds, he seemed to glow in the pale light of my room; his golden hair was just slightly mussed, which told me that while dallying in the hall, he had run his fingers through it nervously. Once again, I was reminded that he looked younger without the mustache he’d had when we were first acquainted. The dressing gown he wore nicely flattered his trim and tidy frame. Looking at him, my entire being was consumed by a sense of need, of pure
He nodded.
And if that were not the perfect description of Sherlock Holmes, he did not know what was.
It was originally Mummy’s idea, of course.
A text message buzzed on Sherlock’s phone. As he reached for it, he smiled at me. “Maybe it’s a serial killer and I’ll be busy for days.”
There was nothing ridiculous about his suggestion, nothing tentative. The words were those of a man who knew what he wanted and I suddenly wanted it very much as well.
John was startled to realise that he could hear the hard edge under the pleasant words and see the ice shards beneath the placid gaze. She was clearly still very angry that he had moved out of their shared flat, using the excuse that he and Sherlock had a lot to work through. Even he recognised the foolishness of that excuse, at least in retrospect.
I did not offer false hope, as he hates that sort of thing.
For two minutes, he just stood there, staring at the surface of the wood. This was the most dangerous thing he had ever done and there would be nobody to pick him up if it all went wrong. Finally, he took a deep breath, feeling as if he were about to climb a high tree, recklessly speed through the night, pick up his combat shotgun again.
Tonight, however, we still did not speak, even as we saw the lights of the inn appear ahead of us. Instead, we only sighed in unison as the last peal of the bell faded away.
I sighed and looked again. “Poisoned, I think,” was my judgement after sniffing the mouth and smelling almonds. “Nice to see the classics still being practiced,” I said and he smirked. Sometimes I wonder when my reactions began to reflect his.
He stood outside for several minutes and whilst I knew he was there, I just let him ponder matters until he felt ready to enter. Finally, he tapped, too lightly, on the door. “Holmes,” he said.
The carols had ended and Love, Actually began.
Too soon, we arrived at that same St Bartholomew’s. I saw Holmes straighten his shoulders as we walked through the doors and gave him a comradely pat on the back.
“Oh, no, dear, thank you. Off  with Mrs Turner to a coffee morning at the senior centre.” She could not resist tidying a bit first, however.
“We’ve been a bit pre-occupied,” John pointed out.
The increased pinkness that rose on Holmes’ cheekbones was not down to the cold, I knew, but to anger at having his judgement questioned.
John sipped the whisky and opened the box to look at the ring. He ran one fingertip around the engraving.
Tied hands and feet to a beautifully polished mahogany chair. Blood trickling from his mouth. And temple. A discoloration that would be a black eye before long. Still, he did not slump, but sat almost at attention to face his captors.
Finally, Mycroft purchased a lemonade and an iced bun for the boy, knowing that the sugar was a mistake, but needing to shut him up.
Whether I were angrier at Holmes or myself was a debate that could be had, but at the moment all I did was give a short reply to the man. “Apparently not,” I said.
There was a sound from somewhere nearby in the blackness of the cemetery and we both stilled immediately. A moment later, however, a scruffy mutt ran past, chasing something we could not see. We relaxed and shared a bemused glance.
Holmes has a possibly morbid fascination with cemeteries.
Sherlock freely acknowledged that disappointing people was his usual practice, but he hated it when he disappointed John. “Sorry.”
But none of those things suited. John wanted this gift to be special, to mark the change in their relationship. To make note of the fact that two desperately lonely men had at long last stumbled upon the right path, at the same time, and so were not walking alone any more.
I excused myself and left. Nearby I found a small corner with several chairs and sat down to light my pipe. Naturally, sitting there in a place that had featured so largely in our life, I turned a bit sentimental. Holmes and I had travelled a long road together, not all of it an easy journey, but I did not regret a single moment. Our contentment was hard-won, so doubly treasured.
So later that day, we found ourselves in London. The city glittered with holiday spirit, as the well-off dressed in their finest garments and flitted from dance hall to cafe to exclusive clubs. Apparently the holiday meant an early start to the partying, at least for those who had the status and the funds. The city no longer belonged to Victoria and that was obvious.
I glanced at Sherlock, who did not look all that happy.
The look we shared then was, somehow, as heated as my bath had been. I seemed to feel my face grow even rosier.
Holmes was changing from his usual suit into what I called his Burglar Attire. Black polo neck, rough-cut black trousers, a worn black coat. “I will probably return before the ground is even covered,” he said in a tone no doubt meant to reassure me.
All the Holmeses raised their glasses and I joined in a bit awkwardly.
I woke at some point in the last hour before night became dawn, to find the space beside me in the bed quite empty. I rose and walked into the sitting room. Holmes was standing at the window, looking down at Regent Street. “Are you all right?” I asked softly.
As I walked back to where Sherlock was waiting for me, it almost seemed as if I could still hear the last few notes of my song lingering in the air.
The storm grew ferocious.
“Holiday greetings would not be marked as urgent,” I pointed out needlessly.
“Too bad. You woke me up, so now I can do whatever I like with you.”
“Happy Christmas,” John whispered into his ear.
He looked past Mrs Hudson and winked at me.
So it seemed that my plans for Christmas Eve were safe. Still, nerves kept me awake long after Sherlock had fallen asleep in my arms.
He woke up in hospital. One leg was broken and three ribs were cracked. Everything else hurt, too. And he was in the kind of trouble that would keep him from telly and sweets for a long time.
We had not come to London with the appropriate attire for dining at the Langham, but I had a few words with the manager and he organised a table set in a quiet corner. The meal was exquisite and we indulged in a bottle of rather fine champagne. Our mood was not festive, but neither were we glum.
For the first time, really, it occurred to Mycroft Holmes to wonder just what was going to happen to Sherlock. How would he ever find a place in the world? It was an unsettling thought and he resolved to broach the subject with Mummy and Daddy before he returned to work in London after the holidays.
Then his foot slipped and his hand tried desperately to grab onto something, anything, to keep himself from plunging to the ground. But all his fingers closed around was the stupid tail of the stupid kite, which didn’t help at all. Dimly, he heard Harry yell something, but then he was flailing through the air and finally there was only blackness.
“Thank you, William,” I said, taking the telegram from him. “Wait a moment.” I retreated to where my coat was hanging on its hook, reached into the pocket and took out some coins, without even counting the amount. It was Christmas, after all. “Thank you,” I said again.
Now, John stopped and looked in the window of an almost hidden little shop he’d never noticed before. There were shelves crammed with second-hand books and also a small area of what looked like antiques. Or junk. Still, desperation was a vicious motivator, so he pushed open the door, setting a tiny bell ringing.
I believe the future is only the
He smiled at me and I kissed him again, to learn the flavour of his smile.
Since the morning he had kissed my fingers, things had settled a bit between us. He touched me more, easily, off-handedly and I had tried to reciprocate, although such things do not come easily to me. For him, however, I wanted to try.
When I could no longer sit calmly in the pub, I returned to our room. Some time composed only of useless pacing passed, until I decided to search through the stack of papers Holmes had shoved into his ancient Gladstone. [I had asked him about the bag once early in our acquaintance and learned it had previously belonged to a favourite uncle, the black sheep of the Holmes family, apparently.]
John was watching a football match on the telly when Sherlock returned from his lunch with Mycroft. A plate with crumbs and a glass containing only the dregs of a beer were on the table next to him. He smiled. “How was your lunch?” he asked after they shared a quick kiss.
It wasn’t like I hadn’t told the git.
The blonde was screaming in John’s ear, holding on to his arm so hard that it hurt.
She always was a tattler. John ignored her, his full attention on the next branch up and then the one after that as he got ever closer to his goal.
Turns out that the music was rather good background to a snogging session. Luckily, before things got too hot, the doorbell sounded. A Christmas miracle: Sherlock ran down to fetch the food and give the delivery boy a big tip. We spread everything out on the table in front of the sofa and ate garlic bread, raviolis stuffed with Italian sausage, penne with pesto and more. The eggnog was gone, so we had some red wine.
But, he decided, that was enough drama. After all, he had a plane to catch. A promise to keep.
And there it was.
Nothing at Harrod’s. Or Fortnum and Mason. And there wasn’t any reason at all to even try Marks and Sparks.
A short time later, the carriage Mycroft had dispatched delivered us to his Mayfair home. [Do not mistake the sending of a carriage for an act of kindness; rather, it was merely an attempt to secure my presence.] We paused in front of the door, giving Watson a moment to take a deep breath before confronting the creme d’ la creme of London society. Although he is a better man than anyone else who would cross the threshold this night, he sometimes was made hesitant by nerves. I, on the other hand, paused merely to brace myself against the prospect of excruciating boredom.
“He has an annoying obsession with nutrition, “ I muttered, before taking a bite of the sandwich.
“John,” I said cheerfully, studying the corpse, “his mouth is full of mistletoe!”
Mycroft was still enjoying his starter of Cornish shellfish bisque, while Sherlock poked suspiciously at his Twice-baked Cheddar soufflé, when he realised that Mummy was quite correct, at least about the ‘completely impossible’ part. The darling bit evaded him completely.
Holmes and I smiled at one another.
We both heard Lestrade approaching from the alley at the same moment and by the time he actually appeared, we were standing the proper gentlemanly distance apart. The inspector looked even colder than I felt. And grumpier. “Perhaps, Holmes, you are wrong this time. Hopper may not be coming here at all.”
Clearly, I was the adult in the room. “Because we decided to spend Christmas Eve and Day on our own, I told your Mum we would be happy to join them for dinner tonight. When I mentioned it to you, there was no objection.”
The repeated mentions of a ‘do’ reminded me of something, but the rhythm of John’s heartbeat lulled me to sleep before I could figure out what.
Sherlock just hummed in reply, gave him a smile, and left the room.
Unusually, it was John who could not sleep that night.
After a moment, he glanced up. “Oh...did you want me to come along?”
All that being said, I was less than delighted to find myself huddled in Highgate Cemetery on a cold December night, rather than being tucked up in our rooms with a fire, a whiskey, and the both of us wrapped in our warmest dressing gowns. Such evenings were always a particular favourite of mine. Perhaps Holmes might relate to me one of his cases from before we met. Or I could tell him of my adventures in Afghanistan, which always interested him.
John was tempted to respond like a B-movie character. And then, figuring what the hell did he have to lose at this point, he did just that. “Murder
great joy.
I was still dressed and ready to meet Lestrade at the address near the Tower he’d sent, but John was already in his pyjama trousers and pitiful dressing gown. Just sitting in his chair, drinking his tea and reading the Times. And not even today’s Times. Yesterday’s. I glared at him.
Then we had been interrupted by Mrs Hudson bringing our dinner.
“Hmm,” was Sherlock’s reply as he stepped closer to the body. “John,” he said after a hasty but no doubt exacting study. “Your thoughts?”
a snowman and my brother
If those I loved were lost
“I was just wondering if you were asleep?”
I leant back in the chair and closed my eyes, giving myself up to the memories of the evening just passed.
They talked a little longer, about the case and John’s day at the clinic, but finally John’s cooking reached a point that required close attention, so they said goodbye.
I went into the bedroom and opened the drawer that held my underwear and socks, which were still not indexed, an ongoing cause of  grief to the man I loved. I shoved my only pair of argyles out of the way and stared down at the ring nestled there.
From outside, church bells began to toll, summoning the faithful.
He raised the ring to look more closely and saw that there was some engraving inside.
The git leant against the wall, crossing his arms. “What do you think of Father Christmas?”
In whatever language, it made him angry.  Finally, he walked into the lounge and found a quiet chair before pulling out his phone.
The following hours passed slowly.
The driver snarled. Sherlock held the painting tightly on his lap.
And it was then I realised that I did not want to wait until the next day to give him the gift that was waiting in the drawer with my linens. I set aside my glass and pipe and stood. Holmes raised a questioning brow at me. “I won’t be a moment,” was all I said, before leaving the room.
It was not the Christmas Eve we had planned, but our life had been filled with the unexpected, so we just carried on.
way,” Sherlock insisted. “We need an elf on the inside.”
Before I could form a response, the glow of an approaching lantern appeared and a large man in a hooded cloak could be seen making his way towards the mausoleum we were watching.
It was no real surprise when Father Christmas showed up. In one hand, he held a whisky bottle and in the other, a string of lights. “You and that tall bastard shoulda minded your own business,” he growled.
It was several moments before he spoke again. “I do not know how you will manage it, John, but to spend eternity with you is my fondest wish.”
“...what a shame, Holmes, that you could not see Rose Hill in the light of a sunny day. It is such a lovely place. I am especially fond of the lake. Deep and dark and no doubt full of secrets.” The threat was brutally clear.
We sat silently for a time, listening to the choir.
It seemed prudent to wash the rest of myself quickly and efficiently before the situation grew delicate.
“Progress, I suppose,” was my reply.
there was a hint of an enthusiasm he’d probably last seen in a small boy rhapsodizing about the mummies in the British museum. When his tale reached the point where John Watson suddenly appeared, his trusty weapon to hand, and saved the day, Sherlock’s face changed minutely. Became, somehow, softer. An indication of the recently announced Romantic Relationship, no doubt.
In the event, Lestrade only wanted him to come in and complete some paperwork, so that evening we were dressing for the family meal at Dinner by Heston as planned. Not the sort of place where we usually ate. Or
But volunteering to go out on the patrol was not just a foolish game. It was his duty, right?
“We will live there forever,” Sherlock declaimed.
He only shrugged.
John’s silence was eloquent.
“Are you indeed?” My fingers moved slowly through his unrestrained curls and I felt that his words actually applied to me.
The man, Wilkins by name it seemed, only laughed. “Oh, I expect that by the spring you will be quite familiar with the lake.” He turned his attention to the thug. “The sledge, I think, Henry. And one of those canvas bags.” Then he gave a vague gesture. “You know what we need.”
John nudged him. “You still here with me?”
Hodges was the chef Mycroft had poached from the American ambassador, which put a strain on Anglo-American relations for some months. I took a cautious taste of the offering. The creamy drink tasted of cinnamon and was heavily spiked with bourbon. “Watson is a man who finds this sort of thing—” I made a vague gesture around the brightly lighted room, at the chattering and gaily dressed guests. “—palatable. Appealing,” I was forced to add.
I stared out at the snow blasting unrelentingly at the windows.
To this day, I have no idea for how long I trudged through that dreadful night. Time meant nothing. The increasing heaviness of my legs meant nothing. The tingling in my feet and fingers meant nothing.
“Not much charm in garroting wealthy and helpless dowagers,” I pointed out a bit tartly.
The wind had picked up again and so it was easy enough to clandestinely follow the hulking bully-boy as he made his way towards the barn. Along the way, I picked up a solid branch probably blown to the ground in the storm and hefted it in both hands.
He flipped open his notebook. “According to the ID on the body, he is Daniel Goode. Lives—lived—in Canada Water. Business card says he worked as an events planner.”
I reached into the drawer and took the ring out, holding it tightly.
John never really liked rollercoasters, although he could not resist their lure. His favourite [although rather in the way that Moby Dick was Captain Ahab’s favourite whale] was The Vampire at Chessington. He enjoyed the climb, rising 21 meters above all the ordinary things of the world, but the descent at 72 kmh was the frightening part and it was the need to conquer that fear which had kept him queuing for yet another go.
I sat down at the table, with my mood declining evermore. “Does he have no old acquaintances who practice in a respectable neighbourhood?” I complained.
-Sandburg, C.
The sound of the creeping train had finally died, the whistle at the end resonating with me like a sigh of grief.
“An impressive achievement,” Mycroft replied dryly.
They were there and then, in a blink, they were gone.
Those very same fingers that John Watson had kissed .
“Just escort the children to Father Christmas, hand them a candy cane when they finish and hustle them off. Simple.”
And if carrying the combat shotgun and dodging for cover as they moved through the mostly burned out village seemed more interesting than even surgery, that did not mean he was
And it came as a surprise to me, although god knows it shouldn’t have. After all, I
There was no need for words between us any longer; we each knew our role perfectly.
I frowned at him and Mummy quickly changed the subject when she saw Sherlock returning.
In case Sherlock had fallen asleep on the couch again, I didn’t want to wake him up, so I moved very quietly down the stairs. There was a faint glow coming from the sitting room and I paused.
So we phoned Angelo’s and ordered far too much food, figuring that the left-overs would do for the next day as well. I turned on the telly and found the carols from King’s College. “Your old school,” I said.
Christmas Eve was a night of song
go be a bloody elf.”
Watson came into the room. He looked at me and smiled, before saying, “You are quite rosy from your bath.” He picked up the snifter and lifted it towards me. I echoed the gesture with my own and we both swallowed some port.
Holmes agreed with my plan, so we told the Sister about our departure and she promised to send word to the Langham if there were any sudden change in Mycroft’s condition.
“Well, not for a couple more—oh, you mean the case.”
We kissed, lightly, but only briefly. Weariness drove us to simply finish changing and then slipping into bed. Any other plans would have to wait until morning. Still feeling the chill from the hours spent outside, we moved together and embraced. It was like that we fell asleep.
a shawl...
I was standing in a shadowed alcove not far from the buffet table when my luck finally ran out.
And only a few minutes later, he felt two strong arms go around him and warm breath on his neck.
past again, entered through
Sherlock suddenly remembered a conversation from a very long time ago.
“Poor Sherlock,” Mummy said, without explaining.
We sat in silence for a few moments. Then I patted Sherlock’s hand. “I will pack us a case, while you check the Bradshaw’s.”
nice that the waiter did not even crack a smile as he produced extra serviettes so that John could dry off from the wine tossed in his face.
I expressed my gratitude and, just before stepping outside, lighted the lantern.
It seemed as if the universe were issuing a blessing to us. To our love. The world might scorn us, but perhaps the angels approved.
And now I possessed a thousand memories. All from only this single night.
We moved silently, myself to the left and Holmes to the right.
Father Christmas was not amused, at least judging by his next action, which was to step closer and wrap the lights around John’s neck, tightening the hold until things started to go a bit grey around the edges. John had the ridiculous thought that dying in an elf costume was not exactly anything he had ever imagined. The tabloids would have a field day. Hopefully without pictures.
“Hi,” John answered. “Thought you’d be on the way by now.”
The other jarring note was my Holmes.
I did not tell him that I had a plan for Christmas Eve and that nothing better interfere.
Mycroft was home from Eton for the Christmas break and she insisted on telling him, more than once, how much Sherlock had missed him. Needless to say, Mycroft was skeptical about that, but he wanted Mummy to be proud of him, so he actually agreed to spend a day with his little brother.
“Did that kill him?” Lestrade asked.
He exhaled into my ear, a word too soft to hear.
Sherlock thought of the gift waiting under the tree, the face of that nameless man, how it made him think of John. And then he fell asleep.
Sherlock made a gesture as if waving off an annoying insect. “Nothing was blown up. At the worst, it was a very minor fire.”
“You can both go to hell,” she said tightly, before walking away.
“Your friend seems to be enjoying himself,” Mycroft said, handing me a crystal glass. “Have you tried the eggnog? Hodges is quite proud of it.”
John sighed. “What the hell does an elf do anyway?”
Both are worth it.
“How is life back on Baker Street?”she asked after a few minutes of idle conversation about the charming cafe and the weather.
“It’s me again. I wanted to amend my earlier message. In actual fact, Sherlock and I have embarked on a romantic relationship. ‘Bye again.”
I have done some courageous things in my lifetime and it would be a false modesty to say otherwise. But without a doubt, the bravest thing I have ever done was to stand, take those few steps separating us, and bend just enough so that my lips could reach his.
“Perhaps I shall return in the spring, Wilkins,” Holmes said hoarsely.
So he just smiled [pleasantly, he thought] and told the French policeman exactly where DuPont would be found, already courting his next victim, a well-known and deeply closeted right-wing politician.
Lestrade texted while I was washing the dishes Mrs Hudson had stacked and immediately Sherlock was dashing about getting ready to go, demanding that I put my shoes on and ‘hurry, John, it’s an odd one!”
A few moments passed and we stayed there as I held him. Finally, I gave him a slight push towards the sofa. “Sit,” I ordered. “I will be right back.”
Instead of returning to the window, however, I slipped in through the door and followed the sound of voices to the parlor.
For two men, both of whom so often scorned the traditional, this seemed the right place to be for their lunch. In that spirit, they decided on the iconic roast beef served from the 19th century silver cart, with the usual sides. Beyond a brief exchange of small, rueful smiles, they did not acknowledge their choice.
Luckily, I had grown accustomed to playing second fiddle to homicide, so all I did was shake my head and push away from the door. “Come along,” I said. “We don’t want to be late.”
Now, as he lay in the mud, his blood seeming in much too great a great hurry to leave his body, John was trying to convince himself that this, at least, was not a useless death. Surely it served some kind of higher purpose or why was he here in the first place?
They had finished the turkey, the rice, the salad and were eating the panettoneis before Sherlock asked the question which had been hovering in the air between them throughout the meal. “How is John?”
Meanwhile, bloody Sherlock Holmes was, indeed, larking about dressed in a security guard uniform, looking cool, and having the nerve to smirk at John occasionally.
The murderous jewel thief looked exactly as Paget would draw him for one of my stories in the Strand. Suave, elegant, clad in perfectly-fitted evening wear. A thin cigar in one hand and a glass of what looked to be champagne in the other. The room suited him ideally. The wood gleamed, the fabrics were pristine, the art exquisite.
-Luke 2:10
The imported chocolates that the man would eat when nothing else was allowed to interfere with the idiot’s brain work.
I grabbed my dressing gown, slid into the slippers waiting, and hurried to answer the knocking, taking care to close the bedroom door behind me.
“It was Mycroft’s idea, of course,” Sherlock said, reading my mind as usual. He was standing in front of the mirror, doing whatever it was he did to make his hair look so...Sherlockian. I was already dressed in my best suit, leaning against the door to watch him do it. I had on a tie. He did not. “My brother looks for any opportunity to play the gourmand. Mummy indulges him and our father will order a steak and potatoes no matter where Mycroft drags us all.”
“Oh, well,” I said. “Seems harmless enough. And then tomorrow night we shall have Christmas Eve just for us. Takeaway and arguing over which cheesy holiday film to watch.” I had another plan, of course, but that was a secret. I was pretty sure, at least, that the hidden gift was still unknown to Sherlock.
I bring you good tidings of
“Shall we go to the Langham, then?” I suggested. We had wired ahead to reserve a suite. “Have supper and a quiet evening? We can visit him again tomorrow.”
It was one of those nights when I was, it seemed, too tired to sleep.
“I solved the case.”
The howling of the wind outside was nothing to the roaring in my head.
He could not remember exactly what he’d said that brought the meal to its sudden end. It
While John would never claim that he could read Sherlock Holmes’ mind, he thought he understood very well the point the other man was trying to make. A second reference to holiday decorating meant that Sherlock actually
The patio was large and had deck chairs, a hammock and an armchair on it. It wasn’t too difficult to guess which one was meant for old man Marvin.
“Is that because you and I had always been exceptionally close, despite all my girlfriends?”
“Yee-ess???”
Then the woman pointed a gun at Jim.
They heard the front door open. John nearly closed his eyes.
John had acquired superhuman strength, thanks to his rage perhaps and he sent Greg collapsing on his back on the ground with a violent push. But Jim grabbed him from behind and clung to him like a monkey. “Jimmy, let me go, how did you show up here?” John was yelling, his eyes were bloodshot with rage and his voice was a harsh growl, more animal and less human, “You have no idea what this man has done to me….. no, actually you do, he-he is the one who sent the photo, that pic, to Ivor and totally abetted his suicide; indirectly because of him and his cruel actions both my sister and mum are dead. I am not letting this man go scot-free…. He will do this to others as well, he deserves to be slammed against that rock, again and again, until he bloody dies…. This useless excuse of flesh and bones. Just let me go, please!”
“Then it shouldn’t seem like you’re forcing,” Pierre waggled his brows, “He is thirty now. You’re even older. By now people would have slept with at least three people and been in and out of two relationships. This is regular affair, just as we eat and sleep we make love.”
“Oh yes…. Well said!”
. A bit taken aback, Mycroft tried his best to feign normalcy and give away nothing to the four parents.
He was not a bisexual, which he often told himself he was. After a few one-night stands and several moments of deep-introspection, Mycroft realized he could only be friends with women. Even an affair wasn’t possible because both his physical and emotional orientation was entirely towards men and not the fairer sex. He often contemplated coming out to his parents but kept putting it off for a better time, a more appropriate moment etc, delaying the inevitable.
“God, I sure hope we are not too late,” Sebastian scrambled towards the stairwell, “John, go-go-go, nowww!!!”
“Okay sir.”
Molly gave her sister an indulgent look, “Of course, between the two of us you were always the one with all those right cards and pictures – remember our memory games??! But this is a serious matter Sal, if you know this man then maybe we can help him, help Sherlock in the bargain. He doesn’t remember the past, you know that right? If we can help him with a hint or clue or something then maybe….. no, no, no, we can’t talk to him. Not quite sure what his mental health is like. We should be approaching his wellness counselor or his shrink or whoever he is seeing. We’ll go to the hospital tomorrow on our way to the Uni and give the details. In the meantime try and remember the exact details, where you met and if there was anyone else involved who might know him, yes, let us do that this evening!”
Sherlock stood up, angry and upset at the insensitive behavior. “Either you stop this conversation completely or you change the topic. The third option is that I leave the room or you do. But I don’t want to know about John, talk about him or discuss anything about him.”
“So your John….. Which company does he work for…. Part own? What’s the name of the firm?” He asked enthusiastically.
“Mrs. Hudson?”
As soon as he had reached the bedroom suite, as huge and grandiose as his own, her companion Elizabeth came out to greet him. “Hey John,” he hugged her and she kissed his cheek, “Good to see you. All well?”
“I am here because I have some questions.”
“I approve.”
?” John said bitterly, “So he has lapsed.”
“At the moment I don’t think you need to. All good then, I shall take up this case and I need an outer limit of five to seven days to take it to its conclusion. My fees is ten grand for any work of these proportions. Please pay half the money upfront and the rest upon the solving of this case. If I am unable to solve this or the solution is not to your liking, you won’t get the initial sum back. If you’re okay with this, we can go ahead.”
Yeah, yeah, John's views on being 'bi' is ludicrous, as are his interpretations of what he feels about Sherlock, but John is a normal person here, not a politically correct wise old man!
John understood what she meant. He was determined not to let these rumors escalate. The more one discussed, the more things spiraled out of control. So he resolutely shut the topic by saying, “I will text you the restaurant address. Shall we have Italian cuisine tomorrow?”
Sherlock saw tea and muffins on the side table and shook her head. Mrs. Hudson and her funnily coddling ways. He didn’t need tea right now. He needed to get back to his experiment. He was going to talk to a few companies about the pill and how it might be administered…
Sometime around seven John finally fell asleep. Worries and confusion had kept him awake but the truth was that he was so exhausted he was ready to collapse. So when he did sleep, it was heavy, dreamless and very sound. One moment he was sliding back to a sleeping position next to Sherlock and the clock outside in the hallway was chiming to seven, the next thing he remembered was waking up feeling refreshed and splendidly awake, the same clock now striking two in the afternoon, and Sherlock lying next to him with his head on John’s stomach.
. Molly was manipulated into bringing along a classic macaroni salad while Andersen was misled to think he cooked the best poached halibut with assorted chopped veggies. Finally Mike Stamford was tricked into bringing fresh bread and cheese and a large bottle of extra virgin olive oil.
“I had never promised to harm anyone. I have already betrayed him enough but not anymore. Not one more time. Enough.”
John was fuming, “I said, get the fuck out of here. Not just this room but my house and the vicinity. Never show me your face again.”
“Oh how would you know? We humans are the ones who bring on ‘wrong’ to the ecosystem.”
He felt bad for treating her this way. But there was no way he could tell her the truth. It was too embarrassing. What was he going to say?
“Alright.”
“I dunno really Jim-Jim,” Sherlock kissed the other man’s forehead and inhaled his scent deeply. Vanilla, cinnamon, passionflower, mix of honey and maple! Fruity, fresh, masculine! He had missed this! “He doesn’t seem like an oddball to me,” he continued, stroking the raven dark tresses, “Yes, he has some issues from the past but then so do we all, don’t we? Sometimes we are able to rise above all those issues and be normal people, sometimes we can’t be so. He has his good and bad days but never did I see anything totally strange about him, let alone dangerous. He’s treated me like a real friend and companion, not as an employee or a bridegroom for hire. I was, honestly, expecting a lot worse when I went into this arrangement.”
Sherlock swallowed and trudged over to the other platform, to take a train back to his own stop. There was no point in hanging around here. Perhaps John was not well or had to go visit a client or something. Tomorrow he would be back and
“Funny, that’s exactly what she thought. That you may not want to talk to her.”
He was looking closely at the bathroom, happy to see it was squeaky clean and had no leaks and mold, when he felt someone literally breathing down his neck. He turned and his nose knocked into someone’s chin.
But there was one more gift, that nearly took John’s breath away.
Sherlock knew but feigned ignorance, “Who?”
Sherlock being Sherlock, he started to get restless, listless and bored from the end of the very first week. He had been discharged from the hospital on the third day, morning time, and precisely three more days later he had a meltdown. John came home from work to find a room trashed, Mrs. Hudson angrily telling Sherlock to surrender his firearm whilst holding an old and barely usable shotgun in her own hands, and neighbors complaining about all the noise. “What are those things,” John asked as he stepped into the room, “You actually shot those bullet holes in the wall???”
“C’mon,” John said huskily, “Let’s see how God made you. We’re creatures of God, aren’t we?”
“Oh yeah, absolutely,” John responded in a joyous tone, “What a thing to ask? I wouldn’t have got him had it not been for you and your lessons and advice and sooner or later I would have introduced him to you anyways. He will be pleased to meet you. I shall introduce you as a friend though, if that’s okay.” To that Greg made a request that John would have found strange and a bit suspicion-inducing, but he was in such a happy space and in such an amazingly cheerful state of mind that nothing could break through that haze. “I’ll be in disguise when I meet him John. I am saying this because I don’t wish to be known by face. My work is such that it’s best for me to remain anonymous. You can call me a friend from your college days, that I was a college professor or counselor or something like that.”
This fellow is so insistent and very, very persuasive. I am not sure how much longer I will be able to resist him. I have to run away but how? He will catch up with me and I might end up stoking his curiosity even further by doing so. Play it cool, I need to play it calm and poised and wait for a moment to……
“Sherlock? Sherlock?”
“Call me Sherl,” Sherlock said, “Or Shezza.”
“Oh no,” he said, making a face. When did this happen? He couldn’t remember! Heck, he couldn’t even remember when and how he fell asleep. As he gently but firmly pulled his hand away from the other man’s grasp, he also reached out and turned off the light at the same time. Sherlock muttered something in an irritable voice, pushed at John randomly and the next moment he snuggled closer to the doctor. Before John knew what was happening, a dark headful of curls rested on his chest and an arm was slung across his stomach. To complete the picture, Sherlock lifted his leg and threw it over John’s knees. “That’s great,” John snorted, well and truly caged in from all sides by his housemate.
“The last few months haven’t been my finest hour, to be honest, and the last two and half years were my biggest mistake.”
Sherlock rubbed his nose and she laughed. “What?” He blinked. “You always did that whenever you couldn’t say what you really wanted to say,” she said, “Oh by the way, your daddy and I are trying to push your elder brother to set a date. I wouldn’t be surprised if you beat him to it.”
“Oh-Oh-Jawn,” Sherlock arched his back, his mind confused as to whether he should fuck John’s fist or push back on his cock as he was pleasured both ways. “Give it to me,” John commanded, “Daddy’s orders, follow it or you’ll have a spanked bottom.”
“Fair enough, you can say whatever…..”
“Ohhhh,” Sherlock’s body went slack as he John pulled out of him and moved away, placing and affectionate kiss on his temple, “I don’t think I can do one more round. How many times have we been at it Jawn? Four?”
“This must have cost you a bomb,” Sherlock murmured, noticing that a waiter was standing there, ready to take the next steps. Oh Jawn why, why did you have to do all this? Did you brag to Phil about it? Was Phil right all along in saying I was wrong and naïve to trust you?
“He’s a darling, he really is, but sometimes he says stuff that….sort of bruises people,” John said, feeling rather uncomfortable that he was badmouthing Sherlock.
.” She had this ‘I get it now’ kinda look on her face.
“We are done. Pack your bags and leave right away. Never come back or try to contact me.”
Sherlock blinked, “Hudders, you don’t mean I should throw him out?”
“You don’t like them, do you?”
“Amazing. Thanks a lot. You still get the tip though.”
Sherlock came and came, losing it a few seconds before John did. The feeling of warm semen painting his insides pushed John over the edge and he came hard enough to forget his name.
“Twenty four in two months.”
It was a slightly cloudy morning in Paris, the beginnings of winter. A mist hung in the air, through which the sun’s first rays pierced a few holes. Gregory Lestrade had just finished his power yoga and walked from his terraced garden towards his formal reception room, clutching a mug of health drink. He had just come back from London the previous week, from Sherlock and John’s wedding celebrations and a short holiday to Scotland with Mycroft, especially because he had a string of commitments that month.
“Oh God, don’t tell me you guys have broken up. Even if so, please don’t leave us, don’t move somewhere else. I have become quite attached to you and Sherlock needs you around, you both are
“Unless our friends decide to take advantage of the empty house too,” Jim giggled, driving on at full speed, “Since Sherlock’s elder brother will be at home, he won’t have his house all to himself. I asked him to come over to mine with John, in case it came down to that. We have two very comfortable guest rooms for them to…. ahem….. utilize.”
“We haven’t dated yet.”
“Over to our place? Tomorrow, on Christmas day?” She asked, as if processing this information in her head rather than clarifying. He stayed silent, he knew she was good at handling people and tricky situations. Whatever needed to be done, she would come up with it promptly and accurately. After a few seconds of analyzing the situation she said, “Bring him over. I shall talk to your brother and father. To be honest with you, they just want to see you happy. Myc is a vastly changed man from his earlier, cold self. He’s got a partner too, so he knows. And if he agrees, so will Reginald.”
Sherlock gasped, “Ohhh…. No, I want to feel you inside…. Make me feel you for days. Jawn, please listen to me, just your cock…!!”
Don't hate me for telling the truth
“Uhnnnn, yeah, I won’t last too long, I’m getting close!”
Still, as John tried to pull Sherlock’s swim trunks down, the man grabbed his hand.
There was a lesbian couple in the elevator when they walked in and, after following the last bits of the conversation, one told the other in French ‘I am so glad we don’t have men in our lives, right Clementine?’ To that the response was an equally emphatic ‘You bet’. John understood it, as did Sherlock, and the doctor was enraged to see Sherlock grinning impishly to that.
“John know who you are, that you aren’t starving and greedy for his money,” she whispered, “He knows you never spent any huge amount in all these months. So clearly that money was taken by Jim and it was he who eventually used those funds, not you. Just letting you know, if that helps you in your conversation with him. You have nothing to worry about, there is no proof whatsoever that you have swindled him or cheated on him.”
“Moriarty.”
“Even during our first month together we hadn’t come anywhere close to what we managed to do yesterday. Not that I kept a count or something but I am very sure I had cum at least twenty times. Yes it has to be over twenty times of pure, unadulterated orgasms, I’m sure. What’s more, each time felt even more powerful than the one before. It was abetting my libido, not diminishing it.”
“Possibly. You want to meet him then?”
“Go, take a walk, looks like you need it,” Mrs. Hudson said, “I will be here at least till ten. Do you want me to call one of my friends and have some food brought in here for you?”
To his surprise, the sleeping Sherlock reached out and grabbed his hand, not letting it go even though John tugged it backwards gently. Finally he gave up resisting and just let it be that way. It felt good to have that handhold over his wrist and after a few moments of deliberation, John slid his hand downwards and threaded their fingers together. That felt even better, more intimate. With a soft, sated sigh he closed his eyes and murmured his name the way Sherlock spoke it. “Jawn.”
He didn’t appear anything like the benign, kindly and friendly soul he was. He looked aggressive, angry, charged up with some emotion that was evident on his face. As Greg looked at the picture with a magnifying glass he also noticed something else besides John’s figure, he noticed a watch the man wore. A very expensive and rare watch. It was a limited edition Hublot and Greg knew about it because the commissioner of police had one. He had been given that as a gift by one of his grateful and super-rich celebrity friends whose kidnapped spouse had been found and rescued by him.
“They are from the same shoes Sherlock owns. It’s his new boyfriend John who bought them for him from the shopping street store ‘Walk of Fame’. There was only one size 12 sold and the owner of that pair is your brother, the other pair is still in the store. I enquired. In the case of Redmond, I know for a fact that Jim and Colonel Sebastian Moran, who also happens to be Jim’s newfound boyfriend, were the only humans in the half mile radius of the decapitation.”
Mycroft found that lack of empathy a bit odd but his mind was on other things. So he quickly went to the café and joined the two men. The moment he sat there and saw Greg’s expression, he knew something was seriously wrong. “What happened here?” He asked, “Please don’t tell me it is something worse than what we just encountered.”
“You shall see
“Greg.”
“Yeah, else those bitches could expose us.”
“Heard of morning looks, out of bed looks, never of morning voice.”
“I have done this before, as you know,” Sherlock started the story he wanted to tell John, so they could be transparent with him, “But the last time I brought someone in….”
“No, no, no, don’t worry about money please. It’s no problem at all. I had planned this.”
Once in the room John gave him an earful and Sherlock stayed silent and listened. No matter whichever accusation or threat was thrown at him, he didn’t object or respond. He acknowledged his mistake of provoking a madman, staying back to nab the criminal without a backup plan in case the first one failed, and apologized for putting John’s life in danger as well. But towards the end of that near-monologue John delivered, Sherlock said something that diluted the situation completely. “There is something really sexy and powerful about watching a man get this violent just to save someone else. It puts my theory to test, my theory that suggests one needs to have a criminal bent of mind to be violent or brutal.”
“I appreciate the honest question and an effort to gain an insight into Sherlock’s life,” Mycroft said after a few moments’ of afterthought and deliberation, “As his partner you deserve that knowledge, that story which made us what we are today…..as brothers.” For once, John didn’t protest this statement ‘his partner’, because he knew that gave him the biggest leverage to learn about the brilliant man’s background, childhood and perhaps some of the grey areas of his life. He sat looking interested but not curious, eager but not too eager. Mycroft took a seat on his vintage armchair and picked up the expensive Oolong tea they had been served by his live-in housekeeper.
Jim promptly took the ring and slipped it on, then said in a naughty tone, “Arise Mr. Moran Moriarty and junior Moran please refrain from arising until we are in a private place!”
Inside the nightclub Doug Walker kept waiting for her for more than thirty minutes before he enquired with one of the bouncers. He was a regular patron so the bouncer immediately offered to go out and look. As they were stepping outside, three teenagers screeched and ran along the alley, towards the main road. “What’s happening here?” Doug asked aloud, “Where did she go off to? Did she just dump me???”
-Dwight, J.S.[trans.]
As our motorised cab edged its way through the traffic, Holmes stared moodily at the scene. “How long,” he mused, “until the horse and carriage are completely obsolete?”
Somehow, I knew immediately that I would never forget the sight of John Watson standing in my room that night.
Whilst I worked to keep the villains alive, Holmes went to the barn and hitched one of the horses to the small cart there. I joined him finally, bringing with me several warm blankets. Once we were in the cart, Holmes slumped against me, his head resting on my shoulder as I wrapped us both up snugly and we set off.
I stood up and headed for my room to change my shirt. “Only that it’s not happening,” I replied over my shoulder.
He sat.
Sherlock had once  accused him of.
I think we both knew what awaited us, but still he paused for one more moment, letting our morning remain hopeful. Finally he sighed and carefully opened the telegram. I leant against his shoulder so as to read with him.
Mycroft did not comment on it, of course. Instead, he merely summoned the waiter and ordered treacle sponge with vanilla bean custard and a pot of Earl Grey.
He grinned, gave a wave and hopped back onto his bicycle.
Let the idiot think about that for a while.
It was the matter of only a few minutes for us to bid my brother a farewell and a happy Christmas and for the butler to fetch the carriage.
“Oh, pish posh,” she replied, heading for the door. “You should have a hot bath after your tea. It might improve your mood.”
The other man was still sprawled amongst the tossed and tangled sheets, wearing only boxers and a tatty RMAC tee shirt. They’d had a lie-in. John grinned. “And interfere in your annual Christmas lunch with your brother? Not a chance.”
But now, watching the pale winter sun just peeking over the horizon, Sherlock felt a quiet celebration within, an unexpected rejoicing. This was a new kind of dawn.
It was very late by now, so he switched off the bedside lamp and we curled into one another to sleep.
It was very late by the time Sherlock walked wearily into Baker Street. The flat was dark and quiet, so he merely set the wrapped painting under the tiny tree and went into the bathroom to peel off the travel-weary suit and don a tee shirt, just staying in his  boxers.
He seemed to take a deep breath and then started to play. I, on the other hand, scarcely breathed at all as the music rolled across the room and seemed to envelope me like a favourite blanket. I knew, somehow, that he had written this for me and the expression on his face seemed to beg me to understand.
Which seemed sadly appropriate.
He gave in and smiled at me in silent agreement.
How can he still be such an idiot?
Which was true. In fact, I felt certain that if possible, Bailey would cut out his own heart and offer it up.
Now, undoubtedly all of those fine thoughts are perfect for late night rumination in front of the fire, with a large whisky in hand. But on this cold winter’s night, such idle speculation did not suit me. I needed more, because the memories flooding my mind were threatening to wash me from the shore, to sweep me into the tumult of the storm-tossed sea.
There were a few moments of nerves, when pistols appeared and then the whole episode dissolved into a foot race around the just-opening market at Covent Garden. We dodged costermongers, drunk Irish basket-women, prostitutes peddling a few sad flowers to cover their true profession. Our chase barely attracted any attention from the hard-bitten market regulars and finally Holmes managed to tackle the murderer just by the Sundial Pillar in Seven Dials.
The case held the possibility of being an eight. At least according to Lestrade. I am withholding judgment.
“All right,” John said slowly.
Luckily, they could not hear the low growl I gave. Something primal stirred within my chest, but I managed to hold on to my rational, modern mind and work towards a plan. The howling wind seemed to gentle a bit and I could actually hear the voices from inside.
“I’m going out,” John announced, swallowing the last of his tea. “”Some shopping to do.”
“Well, not anymore,” John grumped.
I wrote down the addresses that Lestrade gave me, he warned Sherlock not to get out over his skis, and we started to leave. Then Sherlock paused. “By the way, John and I have started a romantic relationship. Although we are not yet having wild sex.” Then he stalked off to wave down a cab.
Sherlock only sighed as the waiter delivered Mycroft’s shepherd’s pie and his own fish and chips.
What the bloody hell gift said
Sherlock sighed, finished his hot chocolate, and looked at his watch again. Damn. Time was moving much more quickly than it should have done. Best just to give up and get to the airport. John would not blame him for the lack of a gift, of course, which only made it worse.
He was standing by the water, watching the Lagoa Christmas tree moving slowly through the water.
After a moment, I just shrugged and followed Sherlock, trying to think what I should say to him.
“For being the brave one. For walking into my bedroom tonight.”
? I never agreed to anything like that.” Indignation prickled from his every pore. He was so agitated that he ate all the scrambled eggs on his plate without noticing.
“But it is the
a very high tree.
“The largest floating Christmas tree in the world,” said the ginger-haired stranger  who had slipped next to him like a ghost.
He sighed, swallowed the last of the tea and carefully folded the Times. “Well, you’ll have to give me time to get dressed.” His gaze turned towards the window. “Looks cold out there.”
While in reality there was only a passing similarity between this long-ago soldier and his John, Sherlock could so clearly see the ephemeral link between the two.
Mary grinned at him and he was abruptly aware of how
The dream was oddly peaceful, almost sepia, in the manner of old photographs. There was a flower-surrounded cottage, a tidy row of beehives, two old men moving gently through the garden. Sherlock followed them into the cottage, which was cosy and cluttered.
“Like ‘this’?”
His lips twitched, fighting a smile. “I suppose sentiment is not always disagreeable,” he said. “Despite all the evidence we have seen that it often leads to murder and mayhem.”
“Doesn’t matter.”  John rolled over, ending up pressed against him. He nuzzled a bit.  “Umm, your neck smells nice.”
The snow was blowing so hard that it felt like tiny pebbles striking me and the pale light cast by the lantern barely penetrated the darkness. Still, it was a comfort to me in the night, as I simply put one foot in front of the other. It was not unlike a forced march through the mountains of Afghanistan.
From somewhere within the hospital, I could hear the soft sound of a choir singing, no doubt hoping to cheer the patients on Christmas Eve. I tried to let the sound lift my sudden melancholy, but found myself yearning for our foolish little decorated tree, a cosy fire and Mrs Harris’s fruitcake.
Sherlock glanced at me. “Does that bother you?”
Our landlady, who had almost reached the door, whipped around. “What? Really? Oh, at last!” She laughed in delight and clapped her hands, before coming to embrace a reluctant Sherlock, who held his bacon-and-honey sandwich safely out of the way.
might be the most accurate word. Especially when his creature comforts are not catered to sufficiently. A bit tiresome, truth be told. Yes, it was cold in the alley and there was a wet snow starting to fall, but there was also a cleverly murdered corpse on view, so who had time to moan about cold feet?
-Pinero, A.W.
Because at the moment, John was slowly, deliberately moving his mouth down Sherlock’s body and that required all of his attention.
John stood there a few moments longer before finally returning to the bedroom.He crawled back into bed and wrapped himself around Sherlock, holding on too tightly.
Mummy took pity on me and patted my hand. “My mother,” she explained. “For many years we always spent Christmas at her chalet in France. Happy memories.”
He paused. For a moment, just a blink, John thought he saw two figures vanishing into the swirling snow. Two men, almost shadows wearing long coats and tall hats, walking away from 221 Baker Street, arm in arm. They were there and then they were gone.
He carefully removed his slippers and then came to sit beside me. He reached over and took my hand in his.
“John! John Watson!”
“I thought we would tip very well.”
John gave a soft laugh, muffled by Sherlock’s chest. “More desperation than bravery, I think.”
And once we had settled into our suite, comfortable in our dressing gowns, fire burning, port in hand, life seemed better.
I had donned a clean nightshirt and my dressing gown before I heard the sound of Watson arriving home and being accosted downstairs by Mrs Hudson. No doubt tea and sandwiches were being offered and accepted. But I went into the sitting room and poured two glasses of fine port. Then I sat in my chair to await him.
“Did you know that the translation of ‘mistletoe’ is ‘dung on a twig’?” I responded, rather than sharing the image of John the Elf.
“Sorry.”
They took the train into King’s Cross. It was a much different journey, Mycroft discovered, when one was in the company of a seven-year-old boy filled with too much energy and too many questions. It took very little time for those questions to devolve into loud and hideous queries about the personal lives of the other passengers in the First Class carriage.
“Unless you want this tea dumped in your lap, Sherlock, I wouldn’t finish that sentence,” John said stonily.
“Humans can make anything romantic, apparently,” I replied, not looking up from my close examination of his now-relaxed penis.
He drained the whisky and went to hide the ring box at the bottom of the desk drawer. On his way back to bed, he passed the window and glanced out. The snow was covering the city now, turning the usually harsh urban landscape into something softer, almost magical.
Love...comes and touches you
“All I wanted was some crispy bacon,” John said finally, sadly. Then he stood. “I’m going Christmas shopping.” And he still did not know where those words had come from, as he had given the holiday no thought at all before that very moment. It just seemed a good way to end the row about Thomas Hobbes [of whom John had only a vague knowledge anyway] and, further, why John apparently didn’t want the murder of Tisch, the Greenwich solicitor, solved.
He hummed in reply.
Not that he was actually looking to do anything risky.  And it seemed like a good idea at the time.
They were back at Simpson’s for the first time in years.
Still, I dug my heels in, metaphorically. “Do not ask me to explain it,” I said firmly. “But somehow I know that we will never be parted.”
I smiled at my toes in the water. The heat and the faint scent of lavender were relaxing my tensed muscles. And, damned our landlady’s words, it was improving my mood.
Then he smiled.
“A passage from the Messiah to begin,” he said quietly.
John whistled along with the too-loud music, as he manoeuvred his way through the ridiculous crowd,  in search of toffee pudding for Sherlock.
“You want some tea, Mrs Hudson?” I asked politely.
He had, of course, thought of one day giving Sherlock a ring, but it still seemed too soon for something like that. But as a Christmas gift it might be acceptable. Probably Sherlock wouldn’t even wear it. But nevertheless...
He only nodded.
“Of course not,” John replied. “Just disappointed.”
“Ah, well, humans like to categorise things. To label them. It makes them feel safe. Male and female they can understand. So, a male angel serves when the need is for a sword of righteousness and a female one suits when the soul needs solace.”
From the details he gave me in the taxi, it did sound odd.
They went to their respective chairs. And, despite the irritation he was feeling at the moment, John experienced the usual sense of quiet contentment over the fact that both chairs were once again occupied. The soft sigh that emanated from Sherlock seemed to indicate that he felt the same.
-Pierpoint, J.
So John got into the back seat, crushed between Mick and some blonde girl he didn’t know.
met Sherlock Holmes before. Call me naive and I wouldn’t argue. In my defence, such as it is, it was morning and I was having breakfast. Mrs Hudson came bustling in, carrying a plate of nicely crisped bacon. “You need protein,” she said sternly, eying our table, judging our meal. I was having toast slathered with strawberry jam, whereas Sherlock’s plate held toast dripping with honey. “Protein is important to start your day.”
And Christmas was just two days away.
He thought for a moment before answering. “I think he might.”
I put my mouth next to his ear and whispered of my devotion, although I knew he would not hear me.
Such a meaningless conversation. He should just delete it completely.
Mr Dann, the landlord, was alone in the pub, cleaning up, as I passed through. He was no doubt correct in thinking that even though it was still early that no one else would be appearing this evening to buy a pint. He gave me a look of surprise. “Good God, man, you are not going out into that weather, are you?”
I made only a scoffing sound in reply.
-Dickinson, E.
I left him sprawled on the floor of the barn and went back to the house.
Watson paused and looked at me. “Then why do you accept his invitations? Which, by the way, are as rare as the proverbial hen’s teeth, since your brother is no more sociable than you.”
John didn’t bother to swear again, because over-use diluted the effect, but he did set a second mug onto the counter a little more forcefully than was either necessary or desirable. “You love dressing up and larking about in a costume,” he said then. “
Only two things marred the perfection of the vision.
It was hot in Rio.
Not that his mind was really focussed on shopping. Or on Christmas, for that matter.  Deciding between perfume or a silk scarf for Mrs Hudson was not what he’d thought this morning would hold. Nevertheless, he decided to buckle down and get the bloody business done.
“I suggest,” Watson said slowly, “that since neither of us finds words on the subject to come easily, we might not speak for now.”
Holmes flickered a glance at me. “Of course, I’m cold. But I do not let such insignificant details distract me from my purpose.”
I knelt in front of Holmes to release him from the ropes binding him to the chair. “I am furious with you,” I said. “Quite, quite furious.”
I managed to escape my brother’s attention for a good portion of the evening, through both luck and cunning. Watson had overcome his earlier bout of nerves and was being an annoyingly social butterfly, flitting from one conversation to another. When the hired musicians began to play, Watson was a good sport, waltzing several eager young ladies around the room.
The clear implication was that only a lesser mind would be bothered by something as insignificant as one’s toes dropping off. I glared at him.
“Exactly.” He waited for more.
The Crier’s voice would tell me-
This first kiss tasted immediately of the deep red port we’d had, of raspberry, cinnamon, perhaps a hint of chocolate. And then of the cheap shag from the pipe he had clearly smoked in the carriage that had brought him home. And, finally, there was a hint of something else that I could not quite name, but which I feared could become quite addictive.
“Well, to begin with, you needn’t stand over there.” I gestured to the bed.
Then I shoved the drawer closed rather more fiercely than necessary and stiffened my spine. This was what I wanted to do and if it lead to humiliation or worse, then so be it. I marched back into the sitting room and did not hesitate before kneeling in front of him. “I have a gift for you, Sherlock. I accept that the rest of the world will never know, can never discover, what this means to us. But that does not matter. I shall know and if you accept it, you will understand what this present symbolises. Think me foolish if you will, but understand that this comes from love.” I opened the box and held it out to him.
I sipped more port and watched him and loved him.
At the moment, he was debating between a silk scarf with tiny lavender violets and one with large pink roses for Mrs Hudson. The caramel-coloured girl behind the counter was waiting patiently for him to decide. Well, possibly she was patient. Or maybe just bored.
-Aldrich, B.
John was snoring lightly, one hand resting on Sherlock’s abdomen. This time, Sherlock let him sleep and just slipped from the bed. He grabbed his dressing gown and went into the sitting room to stand at the window. The Christmas lights around Speedy’s window had been left on and were flickering in the grey morning.
I arrived at Baker Street as a miserable, sodden creature, much in want of a blazing fire, a pot of tea, and a kind word from my boon companion. The day had been a miserable failure, with all my efforts at apprehending Collins, the notorious stamp counterfeiter, gaining me nothing. He was leading me on a merry dance indeed and my patience had worn thin. Not to mention the cold rain that had been falling all day, Finally, I snapped irritably at the hapless Lestrade and found a growler to take me home.
The taunting tone made me want to growl again. Instead, I stepped into the room, my gun held up. “Rather more ignominious for the infamous jewel thief to be brought low by a simple doctor, wouldn’t you say?” I uttered the words with a faint smile on my face.
Lestrade opened his mouth to ask one of his boring questions about how I knew that or ‘what brother?’, but I was not interested in spending any more time here. John was too miserable.
His path was the more direct and so by the time I reached the entrance of the stone mausoleum, Oscar Biggins already had a rather fearsome blade at Holmes’ throat. Of course, my pistol was ready in my hand. [I know my role.] “Think carefully, Biggins,” I said tightly. “Your fate lies in your own hands.”
Spending hours sat on a cold wooden bench, beneath the kindly gaze of a stone angel  that stood watch over the grave of one William Louis Hale, B1800 and D1841, was not especially delightful.
It was a long moment before he responded, without looking my way. “Should I have any thoughts on the matter?” His tone was only mildly interested.
The truth was that we only rarely ventured to the city at this point in our life.
which had involved stolen postage stamps. The thief had tried to sell his ill-gotten treasure to one of the small Victorian-facaded shops that lined Cecil Court.
Once I had in hand the small box from Hancock’s of Bond Street, I suffered a fleeting moment of fear. While bespoke ring had cost me a significant sum, I did not begrudge it at all, but was it a good thing I was doing? Would Holmes—Sherlock—think me foolish to even utter such words as I had planned and to gift him with such a thing?
Mummy tsked. “They were just always so close because she gave him his first violin and encouraged him so much.”
We had almost reached our destination, when the bell of the nearby church began to toll midnight. I was startled by the sudden noise, in part because it felt as if the  hour should have been much later. But then I realised that there was a certain comfort to be had in hearing the familiar sound.
“For tonight, yes,” he replied. “I would simply like to discover the pleasure of sleeping next to you.”
John nodded towards her hand. “I would feel guilty paying so little for such a nice ring.”
Although he was standing right there, Mycroft waited until there was a soft knock on the door before opening it.
Mycroft stood on the pavement in front of the Ivy, waiting.
Who am I kidding? Sherlock has been fooling me for years.
“He is no angel,” Sebastian continued, “He has invested in companies that are cutthroat and only care about profits, not people. He had made his real estate agents pick up properties at dirt cheap prices, all distress sales. He has acquired stolen paintings at throwaway prices.”
Sherlock remained strangely detached. The only reaction Greg got was a mild twitch of his eyebrows. “The sorts who shit currency huh?”
“And Eckhart chased him away.”
“Yes love?” John asked him patiently, waiting for him to open up, “What’s bothering you so terribly? I have been observing you, a week has passed and you seem to be very high-strung nowadays! I am not sure why and what stops you from sharing your anxieties with me, because I want to help you babe. You have made my life twenty times better than before, if possible I want to contribute positively to your life as well. Please, please give me a chance?!”
, in the
“Guess what Sherlock was doing before he left the room where the murder happened? I just found out a couple of days ago from the gardener. I know he’s a bit…. Special, so I know how to handle him. He gave me the truth. He was outside in the rain, picking up his cell phone from the gazebo in the front lawn where he had forgotten it whilst working earlier. He saw Sherlock closing the windows. Anyone keeping an eye on the house would have noticed.”
“Painter? Sculptor? Musician?”
“Such as?” Sherlock winked, grinning naughtily.
things. Masochism had taken over and he was hesitant in eating anything after that cookie but it felt so Goddamn good with something finally getting into his stomach that he couldn’t refuse. By and by he finished the banana and finally drank the tea. All along, Mary just
As they left through the door Mrs. Hudson came running to the porch, “James, Jim?”
Just then a car came into the compound and from it emerged three men and a woman. One was the in-charge of this place and the other three were the Scotland Yard trio. The moment Sherlock spotted Greg Lestrade his rage doubled. He strode over to the man and ignored his smile and outstretched hand, instead lashing out at him spectacularly. “How dare you put John in here? Do you even know how they treat the men here? You….” He looked at the official without waiting for Greg’s response, “You will hear from my lawyer and also the press. You will lose your job, I am assuring you. You cruel, corrupt and crackhead man…..” he turned back at Greg and snapped, “You sent him here on purpose, didn’t you? So he can suffer? What kind of an insensitive person are you?”
, not what
“I dunno, just feel cold somehow.”
Despite everything, including the lingering anxiety about breaking the news of his girlfriend to Sherlock, John smiled fondly. Sherlock had always been so dismissive of traditions, calling them ordinary and boring and useless, and yet he had gone out and got gifts for John. The good doctor doubted he had purchased anything for his own family members, parents included.
The first glass of water went down
John narrowed his eyes, “Sorry, what was that?”
“Sherlyyyyy, whattay surpriiiiiise!!!”
don’t define it for me. May I remind your pea-sized brain that I’m the go-to man when a case is so complex that none of your suit-clad martini-drinking agents can handle it.”
John’s first instinct was to turn and bolt. Wear that T shirt silly, don’t stand there bare-torso in front of a lady who seems so cultured and refined. He tried to slip on the T shirt, got tangled in it comically and was sure the lady stifled a chuckle by the time he finally managed to get his head out of the right hole. He cleared his throat, straightened his back and managed a bland smile at her.
“How did it get killed?”
“It’s not fine.”
– I asked John if he wanted to have fried rice, pilaf or risotto. He told me noncommittally ‘First cook and then we can name the dish’. I am sure his work weighs heavily on his mind.
“No, don’t. No one is there. Unless you wanna meet our local boogeyman!”
“Um…it is the key to something. Your new car.”
“Where were you? Why weren’t you picking up my calls?” Sherlock demanded, putting the cocktail glass back on the counter without sipping it.
“You want me to come along too?” Doug asked eagerly. Anthea was not one to give in too easily either and hoped he didn’t insist. He was a non-smoker so his only reasons would be to have a grope or a kiss out there.
Jim’s last memory was going to bed with Sebastian and waking up right there. Sherlock too spoke of a similar memory after which he remembered nothing.
…… the thick and long dick probing in his very core managed to brush some part of him inside which made sparks ensue, bolts and bolts of pleasure and white heat hitting every nerve end of his body and culminate in red hot fiery passion crackle within him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I do. I told you they’re beautiful, far better than anything in my closet.”
“Yes I did. But not all night. For the first hour as you slept and for the last one hour since I woke up, yes,” John smiled and affirmed in response, “By the way, we were supposed to do something naughty, right?” When Sherlock nodded in agreement, then looked at him quizzically, he answered the unasked question. “Well, we got into bed and I hadn’t brushed so you told me you wanted me to use a nice fluoride toothpaste first. I came back five minutes later, all brushed, having used the mouthwash etc, only to find you fast asleep and snoring already. You looked even cuter than Ginger.”
Sherlock’s eyebrows wiggled and the corners of his lips twitched, as if he was trying hard to suppress his chuckles. He was clearly quite amused by this comical lapse of memory on John’s part and even though John felt pretty shitty about the way he had stood Janet up, he too saw the humor in the situation. They started to laugh together and even exchanged a high-five before the detective pointed at John’s cell-phone and mouthed ‘Take it’. She was calling for the eighth time this time and John, despite being super-embarrassed, didn’t think it was appropriate to just ignore the poor lady’s calls.
“You know what,” Mrs. Hudson suddenly acted like she had had enough for that night, “It’s all the fault of my sister and dear niece, talking about those tales and fables. It’s impacted you girls psychologically. Let’s got to bed dears, I will shut the windows if that makes you comfortable.”
John kept meeting Mary on the side, though they didn’t really go beyond an affectionate kiss or a hug. The sexual side of their relationship had faded away, much to John’s shame and consternation. He knew sooner or later he would have to answer his lady.
Sherlock whined and made the face that was a cross between lazy, pleading and helplessness.
Jim made a mock sneering face. “Oh did I say something of that sort? Maybe I did say that! Similar mostly we were, just except this particular thing, this trait. He’s a dreamer, a romantic at heart, loyal to a fault perhaps. I am a realist, a perceptive and grounded man who looks at what’s ahead before we turn the corner. No blind corners for me. Anyways, you didn’t quite answer my question. You took it to judgement level and left it right there.”
“Apologies Detective Inspector.”
“Throughout the play,” Jim blinked rapidly, “Any problem?”
John did a facepalm and hung his head, crestfallen at the way things had turned out. He felt bad for Mary, for himself, but most of all for Sherlock. Mrs. Hudson saw the look and asked, “John, what is going on here? If you’re trying to make Sherlock jealous…..”
“That’s ghastly.”
“Drop the gun, now.”
, “He had made it a hobby of some kind. Kidnap John Watson and detain him, treat him like a therapist, a target for knife throwing, a sounding board, a lab rat, a psychology experiment, and when bored just let him go with a small gift. This simply has to stop.”
“Nobody will stop. I assure you.”
“Jawn…..”
Mike Stamford objected, “But it’s a big stretch. He could have just been passing by and got into an accident. It might be that he’s been dropped off here after the attack.”
